Well, we had a lot of
Lot of names on this list of who you hate in sports among players and we included some coaches too and
executives owners
Pete Rose he was on the list good
It's these guys go Romanowski can say go worse Bobby Bowden that one surprised me
That's just that's just some Keynes fan who hates
That doesn't that doesn't yeah if they would have said Terry Bob I could understand that I could see spurrier though
He's on the anti Yahoo factor, but still expegg on a list. You think Terry was born with a finger up his nose
What a Yahoo man. Yeah, who do you hate for a cave somewhere? What who do you hate in sports Pete Rose?
That's it. No. I mean he's way up the top of the list
Jose can say go goes without saying even before the steroid thing we hated him
He's a low life. He's a slime ball. There's a whole bunch of slime balls in sports. This goes their great athletes is making good people or the other way around
Some of these guys like Albert Bell
I got one for it, but nobody would put it on here. It's Gary Betman
Somebody had him did they good somebody else at Eric Windruss
Come on. Yeah, didn't like the way he left Philadelphia. Yeah, too bad people hate athletes
He's very well. I think his parents were the problem his father. Yeah, yep, not jobs
Over and volved kind like the shinblers over and volved you know, I mean oh
That's that's another list. Yeah, yeah, another list
Shinwaters list. Oh, no, I can't believe we said that. Oh
I didn't get it to who we hate at the radio station. I didn't think it was necessary. I heard you say that
Don't don't know. Imagine who you were talking about. I didn't want to get into that. Don't don't do it. Yeah, who?
I know who you're talking about. That's the movie. Yeah, I'll be listening for your crossover
Oh, I took a clock. Yeah, hold your hold your breath. Let me just say one thing
Why did he do that? Well, I was a caller from what I gathered from my spy reports a caller said
But you don't need to hang through that crossover or ten of them. Why won't you do it? Yeah, and so all of a sudden one day
It's like 157. Here's a voice. You know
Don't don't don't cut the craft. I got nothing to say to him. What do I have in common with him? What do I have to talk about with him?
Well, when's the next time he's gonna try to get us all fired. I mean, you know, that'd be good topic
I have one thing I just want to get here before I leave and that is I'm on way way to play in this fundraiser
or golf batting for to raise money for Gary Boulin J who is facing considerable medical expenses
Another surgery and they are having a
An auction of memorabilia at 10 o'clock and if you want to get over there
It's at range regoff resort and it is a good cause. He's
You know, he had a terrible spill and he's about to go in with third surgery and
Taki's aren't properly covered by insurance and so he's looking at huge medical
It's huge. I think they would be you know, I mean, it's well they were and then what happened was the guild dropped the insurance
Or sorry for some reason in fact Jerry Bailey and Pat Dave resigned from the guild over it because they would only ensure these guys up to
$100,000 Pat Dave isn't you insurance he can Jesus will take her a hand. Well, that's right. Yeah
Whatever happened to Dodie dies Dodie dies. I don't know
I remember some were riding women somewhere in the erasing channel one. You know what?
I think she was riding like a Charles town or someplace like that. I saw I saw her name too
So how are things up there things here are great. It's gonna be 59 today
I'm sure and it's bring us here man. It's incredible. It's nice here today, so
It's like tomorrow's gonna be sunny and in the 50s would be a perfect Wednesday to go to woodbuying tomorrow
Sounds like me. Yeah, of course even he didn't want if it was raining it would be a perfect day to go
It's snowing in minus 10 would still be a pretty good Wednesday
Would it would buy me? Yeah, I know what you mean well
It may comes on Wednesdays at two o'clock and I got to like get the hell out of here. So why not? You know, it's a good excuse
Okay, to go and make a contribution
You sound good. Yeah, you do sound like you're upbeat happy today. I am well
We're gonna the trend see I didn't know anything about the trend until you said yes
I asked off last week when it was coming out. He said Friday. Yeah, well, we don't get any communications
I'm not talking to him. He just shining us all together
So I looked it up online and there it is Friday 11 30 in the morning
So Friday will find out if we have if we still have a pulse
But I'm taking a poll right now and you're beating the hell off of old big head really? Yeah
I would stir and left hang 31 and big head 12
I would certainly bet on mad dog over that afternoon show well come on
That's like that's like bidding on a walk although I think if I were you
I'd be a little concerned about the show they've got on obviously you yeah, it's used and toast and I'm lit and fries
Yeah, I'm pretty concerned about them. Yeah, that's why you're so happy. Yeah
Everybody should have competition like that stiff competition
Oh, picking it out of the sales people in today. I don't know about that. Maybe they'll take another busman's holiday
I know Troy Stratford. He's busy being a broadcast and now that's okay. I'm glad to see Troy get a little shot
I'm gonna when it was him back in him. I said put him on the air then but maybe he's good on the years
He's in Beast and Troy seven to ten tomorrow night. Ah
I'll check that out. Yeah, sure. It should be pretty interesting. I'm not sure about Lenny Martez last night how he held up with Curtis
But he's Lenny Martez is I think a little ticked off at me. Why is that?
As you said he sounds like a retard. No, I said it's what I said like a guy I'm Royds, right?
No, I thought you said he had a guy he sounded like a guy with bad Royds. Yeah, no, not those
That's them. Oh other Royds. Well the kinds of Jose and Jack's I see yeah, and I think you mentioned it
It's that rage in them. You know, it's no no
Don't you remember who was going through that bodybuilding thing?
That's what I'm talking about it right the way you get green is but I's right
Legend
Yeah, oh
Well, you have a nice day and I won't lose too much because I'm playing golf. I can't lose anything
Well, do a good job out there. Okay. Yeah, this is a nice thing. They're doing for Puranjay
And so I'm glad to be a part of that. Well good for you. Okay, I guess I can't hurt you. No, not at all
I'll be riding your car though
Well, then we probably won't let you play
Well, I have to get in and out of it, you know and hit the ball
By the way, I disagree with you about Billy Martin. Although you didn't take dead people, but he was
You said he was fun, but he was really a slime. You know what he was both. Yeah, yeah, he was slime balls are fun
I had you know what Billy Martin was always nice to me and my sister
He'd like he'd like my father my father couldn't stand him. Yeah, we'll see there you go
Your father probably had better taste. Yeah, well my father had to cover those teams, you know, right?
That's what I mean he wasn't crazy about him and I'll tell you another guy didn't like very much was Roger Maris
really, yeah
Now you're training on sacred ground man. I love Roger Maris
He was my hero and he took so much crap that's a mirrorfully lived as long as I'm starting as a person because he was in a shadow of
Mantle so he was always just still I don't want to go through it. You know the deal. Yep
Hey, man, it wasn't nice to everybody either. Well too bad see
Norther to be a great athlete you don't have to be nice to people you have to be a nice person just go out there
Do your thing and it's just just like these movie stars who cares if they're nice people or not right if you enjoy their work
That should be enough
Isn't it yep, there you go
Well, you're a very nice person. I hope you have a nice day
Wow as they say in China enough of the second
Good job, where is there is a few bucks? Thanks. Oh, what the fucking already
Call
Acej
and roll into me
Please stay away from my victim actions
When your love like this dog is roaming to stop by
She's head down to the pet shop for another end of a lover
Come on and throw the rich on the skin
Let's go
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Rich on the skin
Every one now
Every one now
Every one now
Every one now
You're fairly
Well, we just when we thought we were rid of him already expecting no more than light chitchat about volume dancing
Reporters in Tokyo were startled when actor Richard gear lunch into a condomation of Europe's plants lift arms and arms embargo
We had China after promoting his new film shall we dance in which he co-stars with Jennifer Lopez?
Oh my god
Gear grabbed a microphone to announce plans by the EU to lift the embargo imposed after Chinese bloody cracked on a
Pro-democracy protests in 1989
I still agree with your Prime Minister that the EU should not remove the ban against something arms to Chinese said
I agree with him totally
Gears comments yesterday came a day after visiting french president Jacques Chirac tried to modify the Japanese Prime Minister
June Chiracoui Zumi
June Ichiro
Ichiro
I thought he played baseball by saying that lifting the arms embargo would not result in increasing weapons in China
Richard
Yeah man don't be kst it just goes in what Hank was saying there
What do we care about Richard here now if we like his work it would be different story
We don't like his work and we don't like his opinion so get lost you know take a hike
Anybody know like Richard here?
I don't like it
But it was Jesse Jackson we don't like him either
Christian witness
Yeah how's that slut doing I mean uh how's his uh
Illegal he's got a whole bunch of problems
He's the one when you think his love child he has an outside child he's got a bunch of love child
Yeah, what is the most divisive thing anywhere we got a whole bunch of pools here
I sneak one in on you i'm gonna start doing that I like that Eric might not like it then much
Although yeah once he puts it on here I can squish him anytime I want what is the most divisive thing in the world
Was our poll question yesterday 16 1952 votes and religion
It's just beat everybody's pants off I can't say pants 74.6 percent
233 people said religion is the most and they are of course
Reconrector money 175 politics 88 race 62 ethnicity had
Language 28 education level 19 and sexual orientation as in you fairy had only 17
So you see that I say religion
Religion is evil religion breeds hatred religion and I think that this whole terry business
Which I got 700 stories on it later on I think that that whole thing is
If you find some good out of it
Is that showing just what a bunch of fundamental lunatics have
Fundamentalist to take it over this country right given lots of light and lots of rope shiny the light on them
I'll speak on the shiny the light
Because I could this we only had the Ricky Tiki on her for a second. She'd though better
Nah Mrs. Elimba
A couple of axes for hobby Darren that's creepy that really is mixing nauseous. Yeah, I don't understand that
To me to me that's like people that really don't have the courage of their convictions
It's like James Carval and Mary Madeline. It's the same thing. How can you be so diametrically opposed unless it's all just stick
You know, I guess what that's their show that's the right every well of course television everything is show business
There's no mistake about that. Guess who they had on crossfire and it's dying weaning days last week
I'm gonna left Ralph Nader. Oh boy
Ralph Nader and Bob Novak was there a broadcaster in the house? That was like Lenny Martez and
Somebody I'm trying to think of any way that would want you
Right Lenny Martez in the stugots which at ease you care about least we asked sneak that one in there or this morning
151 votes a mercant idle 70 think thank the Lord thank
You know, God anybody for that our crowd doesn't care about them or well. We don't have the mercant idle crowd
That's the young you know the punks. Yeah, how the South Beach crowd what South Beach crowd somebody cares about it
12-year-old girls that that's why I said the same as crowd 12-year-old slots college hoops 23 well after after mercant idle
Lisa, you know Michael Jackson proud 22 steroids and baseball 14
The crystallizing of America only nine Terry Shival nine and earthquake and eight year four
Like 300 to 2000 dead is what they said and the reason I didn't get all whipped up about that yesterday is unlike the rest of the media
I mean, oh there's gonna be another tsunami
Well, they didn't know and they didn't look very likely and it did not happen thank goodness
You know why that earthquake happened aren't you?
There he does no because the Lord is really foaming at the mouth against all these self-proclaimed Christians that are whipping up
All this crap in Florida and of course you'll say well, how come it happened in Asia then he's got that aim
No, it's always been God's problem as he has bad aim
Speaking of bad aims stay a little bit away from your
computer monitor there, please
We got Haven Gaston who's a
Bimbo model etc. I'm not I'm these marginal people. I'm not gonna look up bios and stuff like that especially since we're phasing into this
Oh anonymous kind of Bimbo people on there right just
In other words if they look really good what differences make who they are or they're you know statistic
Well, you know, that's a little bit of an extra thrill when it's the thing this person
Uh now what is her name Haven Gaston? Haven Gaston
She looks like Cedo Gaston. I'm not there especially fun to her baseball player. Oh manager
It's like picking the world that it's making maybe that's a bad picture of her
I mean she's got ample bazoombas there, but she just uh, I don't know
She looks like one of the what was the spice girl that went out on her own there? What that was in pretty hell
Well, you're very good. See I've tried. I've got a brain part on her. I try to forget her. Huh? I don't blame you
She's awful. I remember the only important parts about her. Oh really? Well same with your friend Haven Gaston
She's on air the prices right take a quick look before Alberto Gonzalez
Oh comes not gonna be your answer. Yeah Alberto Gonzalez
He had what he had made his come not gonna on your door and take your ass away and show you and just put you one of them private planes
Where do we see again? Take your would like to um Egypt to be whipped and beaten and just uh
Abu Gharram
Abu Gharram
Or rape to the 1014 at 560 WQM with no
Heo Rodgers guy name is Mark and War. I played the game the baseball since I was nine years old
I love and respect share with you. I have been a person who the spread rumors or said things about teammates that can hurt them
I will do everything in my power to help share with you some baseball and create jeopardy for my friends
When I was lucky enough to secure my last major league contract one of the first things I did was to harm friends and respected teammates
I am also offering to be spokesman of performance enhancing drugs
Most importantly every little leader pony league high school college player needs to understand that performance
And enhancing drugs will solve the problems. Thank you very much. Thank you mark that way to go baby
Another slime ball 1018 and a liar compulsive liar. I mean just absolutely made a jackass and so not that we care about that
Do we know which idea we already did that about the which of these you care about least I got somebody pulls here
I came here. I wish what I'm doing next. Okay. Here's the one. It's on it right now. Well
Always good to have a spare which of these applies to your morning listening habits as this week
We're gonna be like uh, you know stick our eyes already almost April now the trends come out on Friday
So since it is April fools day no matter what the numbers are I'm gonna say like oh we got a 30-year look at that
That number so popular on the show anyway. Look at that or maybe we just got 30 people listening left think
Maybe not that much which of these applies to your morning listening habits. Okay. Well, let's take a look what we got on here
Since I I sneak these on there when you least expected so you better start checking very sneaky
198 votes on this poll so far since stirred left I listen I hank all right. Let's hear it. Hey stuff before the hump or 61
I only listen to Neil on QN 42 21 percent. Joe Rosen AM 28. That's not so great 28. I mean, it's not bad, but yeah
Um, they're America in the M14. Oh boy. Now what is that? I think I do we springer right here now from 90 minutes something like that in the morning
Jerry Springer's on by the way nine to know and for those of you though don't like us
Uh NPR in a morning 13. That was George's vote. George doesn't listen to Hank. He listens to NPR. Right. For last time
Stop personal we like Hank a lot, but uh, George is not a sports fan. You know what? I don't listen to sports talk radio period
I want to hear some news. I don't want to hear any of it. I don't want to hear back. Oh here you go Bob and Tom add that on there right away
How come we forget Bob and Tom we love Bob and Tom and they are on the air in Palm Beach County
Thank goodness they're not in here in the theater brown because they're very very good Bob and Tom you got it
We got it Brian in Palm Beach County says I don't know. I guess he's not in Palm. Well, wherever Brian is
I listen to them on a way to work almost every morning through on 98.7 out of West Palm Beach
You catch it all the way down to 5.95 most days you couldn't pay me listen to fallen Ron. They suck
Well a couple of very excellent points there Brian. There's a man with very good taste
fallen Ron suck is what he said
A little shot there for old Paulie and Ron. Now that finished with the I didn't finish going on the list tonight. No no
Joe rose 28. I said
Uh NPR air American AM-15. I listen to sir not another station 11
Well, that couldn't be uh not only in the Palm Beach one but that beastly station over there on a West Coast
That's bad right. Oh man
Cyphing off some of our audience there you bastard you you lunatics you grave robbers. Can you believe that?
Probably probably got to be the Palm Beach station
Do you think maybe if you have no on that the West Coast and Naples station
So not only did they give us that disastrous experiment with Stern
You know they give it and they take it away and they chop it up like swiss t's
But then they are competing with their own other station. That sounds like a big lawsuit to me
All let's see let's mr. On the station 11 don't listen to radio and AM8 Paul and Ron and AM8
Since there left no QA and AM8. I listen to music radio and AM5 about a 212. Oh, so they're good variety there
How about a a B M and a PM how about that? Okay, I can't hurt
You're really okay, so that's when we got so far there. We're just very poll intensive today
We don't want to go back and do any more that food stuff
Well speaking of crazy religionists and I apologize for my redundancy. Oh, let's take some of these calls first
Oh, cuz we got to get some of the chronics out of the way. WC. There you go the best WC. I'm hello
Oh, show
WC. I'm I told you the chronics are already there waiting Q. I. M. Hello chronic line and man
Yesterday you talking about forum. What is the forum man? You never told me you lost get out of here. What was the forum?
Look at the mirror. Okay. It's kind of a movie rich man. Pore under man
Ha ha ha
Get out of here. Go or look your home in Toshin five six seven oh five sixty. Yeah, let's get a bunch of these good calls in before we start
This had a duty material. Okay. Yeah, I like it
That's the bread. What what are you laughing about? These are we already had some fantastic call there
That's right. We could get them all over again line Q. A. M. Hello
Hey, Neil any news on uh you going to
I beg your pardon
Going national or going to Syria? No
And I'm a I'm not a Q. I. M. Listen to any more I I tell you what I listen to some of the U. M. broadcast and I
I cannot believe that Joe Zagaki and the
Are the broadcasters for U. M. sports? No, I can't believe I either that's a good point. Oh, huh?
Well, we want to apologize. Okay, profusely. I'm very sorry
I want to speak on behalf of our management anybody associated with this radio station
You apologize profusely because everybody knows that
But that's the same. That's only professional. That's not personal. That's business and it's not debatable
It's a matter of fact, you know
But then again, I'll hold you I'm thing. I mean who wants to hear you? I'm sports anyway when I was broadcasting the baseball
It was fun. I'd been nobody. You know who the hell would listen to it? Anybody want to hear college baseball?
Especially in such a big sports market itself Florida college baseball my ass
College basketball come on get with it. I mean college basketball at a different level right now like those farting
Georgia's all whipped up about Saturday's game against North Carolina. I'll bet aren't you? Oh, yeah
Josh is rooting for North Carolina. You know, Josh Cordis turns out to be a real
Schmuck. What is your story no matter what team I'm rooting for and
Honestly, I will not watch the game. I'm not pretending to be all of a sudden a college basketball fan
I don't really care. Just the fact I went to Michigan state for about five minutes
And so if I happen to see the game out of course, I'm gonna root for them
But I'm gonna go out of my way to watch it. All right. That's fine
The only reason I'm rooting for North Carolina is because I have a
Some permission to stay that's all yeah right because of what oh you got a bet going again
Oh, you'll fit it perfect in QA. You need to generate on other gambler if there's nothing if there's anything worse than gambling
I haven't discovered it yet. God shame on you don't you understand the Lord is gonna like strike you down
He's gonna he's gonna put like a shazam on you man. Just like Jim neighbors shazam. Maybe he could miss
Gonna stick it. Yeah, well, I just have bad aim. You're right. You just better pray that he misses
W.A.M. Hello
I was his rat. Oh, that was a very very bad
Gardening, you know, that was that was the all-time worries. You better go practice gardening, okay?
Like maybe with some ground glass would be good WQ.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay?
A listen. I just turned in late. I might have missed it. I've heard you had Rick and Suds on the pole. Where are they?
I have Rick and Suds on the pool. No Bob and Tom not Rick and Suds
Rick and I aren't on the years. It'd be kind of hard to listen to their show in the morning
Yeah, you know where they are. They just got a bit or let me say it again. They're not on the air
Suds suds is not with George when I'm on vacation. Suds comes in one day get some free food and Rick is a vanished
Oh, man, that was the crazy reason we had Rick and Suds you and then Phil Henry. Yeah, well, it's in a past baby
You can't live in a past you can get with the program pali. That's all gone and then D.Fo and met later on off
Yeah, okay. Well, good luck to you. Okay. There's another guy who stuck in the past stuck in the in the time tunnel with James Duron
Jesus
Are you sure all that's a you know, it was great go go listen to some old tapes. Okay, get out of our face, you know
I'm sure a model T was probably a very admired automobile back in the day
I'll stick with my Corvette. Thank you. I know some get my voice back today
Yeah, I was I was flirting there with some bad Lauren Jettis. I was right on the edge yesterday
I noticed I really struggle this look with that. I think once you get to like 250 pounds again
I think it's kind of hard to squeak it out. You know just like Terry
She's trying to speak very hard
No, here's like one of the stories today where the shimmers are claiming that she was trying to say
Yeah, and then on her stomach remember Linda Blair. It said help me
Help me show down right on her put the camera. Remember that?
Maybe that's the problem. Yeah, that's if they would just look in the right place for crying out loud
To find it help me
Stuff like that. I don't want to sound insensitive, but just die already. Let's get on with you know, no seriously 15 years of dying is already long enough
26 past 10 at 560 wq and let me just like naked
Don't miss MTV's newest reality series the Lindsey low-hands dad show featuring Lindsey low-hands dad at the supermarket
Whoa, whoa, whoa, sir. You have to tape that case up here. All right. Don't I'm Lindsey low-hands dad
As the bar, give me another double scotch. Haven't you had enough? Oh, I have it. I'm Lindsey low-hands dad
Even at the video store have taken this copy of me go you can't take that
You are a Lindsey low-hands dad
The Lindsey low-hands dad show follows Lindsey low-hands dad wherever he goes as long as it isn't within a hundred yard radius of Lindsey low-hands
Hey, you're not allowed on the movie set. Whoa, whoa, you don't want to hand. Yeah, you're Michael low-hands
I'm not I'm Lindsey low-hands dad
He's Lindsey low-hands dad on the Lindsey low-hands dad show only on MTV and sometimes court TV
1032 at 560 q and do we care about Lindsey low-hands? No, not on the show. We know the part where we did all I see
Which part just and the other one will be the **** can't say that. Don't care about that. How about the rectum?
Yes, it's in the throughout because of jury's Bible reading
The Colorado Supreme Court threw out the death sentence Monday of a man convicted of raping and killing or cocktail waitress
Because jurors consulted the Bible during deliberations. How do you like that? Oh my god
The courts at Bible passages including the verse that commands an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth could lead jurors to vote for death
The justice is ordered Robert Harlan the serve life in prison without parole for the 1994 slaying of Ronda Maloney
Harlan's attorney challenges us and set the discovering five jurors have looked up Bible verses
copied some of them down and then talked about them behind closed doors
Prosecutors said jurors should be allowed to refer to the Bible or other religious text during deliberations but guess what the answer was
Now they threw out the death sentence
So here's a guy who's a murderer right kill the cocktail waitress after he raped it and did her and
He gets off because of the jury was busy reading from the Bible while they were doing their deliberations
That nice nope
America for you baby a bunch of
Crazy religion nuts is what they are they got their god
This one got this god and that Jesus and the Pope and all these other us so he has crap
And we wonder why the world's in the shape it is today. I'm just I say the sun is shining. I'm real happy
You know, I'm not gonna. I can't worry about it. It is it changes sunny this morning anyway
Well sunny here right now, man. It's beautyous. It is just fabulous in case Paul's listen
You know fat Paul from whatever stays there on these days that would over there look at that down the river
You know already it's gonna be 15 today sunny and 59 day and they're probably probably sneak up to the 60 degrees here today
I realize it's not you know like humid in 95 like it is there. Oh, let's see. Why isn't the big you fairy no no not that one
There used to be a hole in that spot, but now it's you fairy. Why isn't the big oh any morning pool
That's how I start my day. Well, let's do that right away. Let's correct that the greed is oversight right right
But how do we do that? No, you know, he's on five to seven
We're not talking about it. He deserves a fair shot. Okay
How's that? That's fair
Okay, put the big go on there. Okay, big go in a a-m
But I mean see that he's not on the same time as Hank or Joe Rose or these other shows we're talking about
But put him on there anyway to make him feel better. Okay. He thinks I hate him anyway. So put the big go on there
What was the big of that? What what do you hate? I don't hate him. I'm just kidding. I just hate him on the air
He's all the outside of one thing. He's a lot better than learning Martez on here. Which isn't saying much
He's not very good on here. There you go. He's got that he can't help but he's got that sound plus he has no idea
What he's talking about other than that. He's pretty damn good. So wake up with a big
Morning on QAM even though he's the nobody's talking about although he is
Brock solid. Okay, let's see what we got so far. This is one of them controversial
Pulse about the show from the past
Oh, it's your buddy man. You're pal you found him. I don't know what had you dug him up
I had no idea where you found that guy. I'm probably at the track. Oh yeah, yeah, my guy's yeah
Yeah, the track people where you hang out at the trasher you and Derek in fact
A little bit of that and he's been calling ever since which of these applies to your morning listening habits since stern left
I listen to Hank 82 let's hear it for the fat Humper. Let's hear it 82 the thumper
I want to listen to Neil on QAM 60 look at that just change again 84 for the Humper 72 for yours truly only
20.6 percent which that isn't good see we got this exclusive Q-mon PlayStation
We got to get those people to branch out if you only problem with they don't care about sports see what I'm saying right
Uh Joe Rosen am stuck at 38. He's a fallen way behind the big head. You'll see
NPR and am 23 very intellectual people like little George there 23 a lot of people think George is just a slav in a pervert
Which he happens to be both but he's also as an intellectual I'm a clean slod though right
23 for NPR listen to stern on another station 21 I sure hope it's not that easily stationed on the west coast that would be bad
Air America in the AM 20 hmm go listen to radio in the morning 12 that's me since stern left no QAM in AM 12
No QAM in AM but a good B M in a PM
Paul and Ron in the AM 11 I listen to music radio in the AM 7 and of course music radio and South Florida is like
You know oxymoron anyway right now. It's like an oxy cotton
Isn't it really I'll tell rush yeah, I mean he'll start sticking a radio in his fat push
Uh Bob and Tom and AM 4 and the big you might just want on there the big
You won't have any votes yet for the big old come on somebody give him a sympathy vote
It'll make him feel like a real man
Puerto Ricans are the happiest people in the world in spider George study shows how do you like that?
The hard hat the hostile feelings about the weekends all these terrible racist things that you've said over the years about our
Puerto Rican friends. I don't think I have any but
Huh we have PR Ralph. He's a friend. No, he's not friend of the show. No, he's not. He's not
I don't remember he gave us the bad information about the game game rain out that day was full of credit
No, no, no, the game was not played
We just pretended to so that we could get credit no, let me say it again. He gave us bad impression
He's another one of these no-adoles another chronic that wants to latch on. He's a cling on is what he is
He's a Puerto Rican cling on so you don't use me. It's down there in San Juan
They have a way of taking care of Puerto Rican cling on but anyway like like leeches, you know
Remember where they used to do with leeches put them in a bottle
I would have enchanted indeed it says here this U.S. territory meaning Puerto Rico of sandy beaches and lush
Rainforest post-it families and endless celebrations is home to the happiest people in the world according to a new study
Do you happy? Oh, yeah, okay
Well never mind the low income or the high murder rate the double digit unemployment or the troubled public schools
Puerto Rican say emphasis on extended family and easy warmth among even strangers and a readiness to celebrate
Anything anywhere at any time. I'll bet I'll contribute to a high quality of life in Puerto Rico
There over 500 festivals in Puerto Rico and there were only 365 days years as Francisco Cabo a U.S. Army medicate for if you can in your San Juan
That's a lot of fun on this giveaway says 500 festivals this term in 65 days
U.S. ranked 15th among 82 societies in the study by the Stockholm Sweden-based World Value Study
Which is based on interviews with 120,000 people representing 85% of the global population
That put the U.S. ahead of Britain, Germany and France, Japan, China and Russia, but behind Mexico
Colombia and Venezuela Ireland the Netherlands and Canada will immediately stick it out there is Colombia and Netherlands a lot of drugs
Huh, Venezuela our Ireland rather lot of drunks see right?
I don't know how Mexico and Canada get on there but anyway I don't
Please subject it well being rankings are part of the largest social science study ever the one part the world value
Survey non-going investigation by global network of social scientists measures social cultural and political change in all six populated continents
I think I wonder they better start measuring real faster at one part of Asia before it like disappears
I don't want to be insensitive or anything, but they sure got some tourists like we have a little disappeared
We'll just get you down to us tourists and that's the end of the tourist and the hell with that. That's all gone
All those pedophiles are going to stop going to Thailand pretty soon. They don't watch it
But then maybe that's what maybe that's why it's going on there. Maybe God has good aim there
Huh, that's right. That's what it is right. Maybe his aim has been a little bit better
He's going to show them a thing or two of the churches next among the findings as societies grow wealthier
They shift priorities for maximizing income to maximizing well-being
That means individuals become like clear to choose jobs based on how interesting the work is
Not simply how much it pays at university Michigan political sciences
Ronald Engelhardt chairman of the survey communities mean while grow more likely to seek ways to protect the environment
Even if the measures they choose may slow economic expansion
Well, this is too soon intellectual for me another key finding as they grow wealthier
Societies become more tolerant of differences among members and as they become more insistent on personal freedom
But certainly is not happening in the USA
There's certainly not to make any more personal freedom and there's certainly not more tolerant other than that
It's right on here's the life satisfaction happiness rankings
I think I'll do it after the break we got the top few top five and eight bottom five
You
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation
Pete Boyd Bryan Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition
Granting as this interview Bryan
Bryan do you have any idea how he tarted you sound
Show you what I mean here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beach Boy recording session
Like it
My ears
Okay, wait wait wait listen
You like it. Oh, that's very nice Brian
Did you like it little hard to dance to
You
Like it. Yeah, very very nice
But Bryan Wilson collection of burned out compositions do you like it? Oh, yeah
Master copy available now on eBay
Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going
It
You like it? No, not really 1046 a QM
So the Reverend Jesse Jackson is a professional or John provocateur. I'll get back to that happiness pull on a second
What we're less happy now he's sticking his nose in his business. They wouldn't let him in there to see you for Terry
But he have a dixie cup of water. Nobody did have a tube
Yeah, he's trying to stick it man. You know what they say about Jesse. He'll stick it. We're gonna be right with it
Yeah, who doesn't and so who's out there waiting to introduce the Reverend who was not allowed to go inside to see
Portery
Is Randall Terry?
It's an accurate they talk about a sell out, huh?
What does that tell you about having any principles? Okay, you phony baloney
Flandering piece of crap you Jesse and in the meantime, but he's
But he's not doing his radio show with Michael Jackson on there will bring about how they pick it on him and all the all the black
Illumineries get the picked on right him and Nelson Mandela what a pile of crap
You know, but he's in there trying to get like three senators to sign on as if that's gonna change something so they can reinsert the
Tube yeah, so I put that in the tube man the thing now because I guess we're gonna be using that
Chew a lot. Okay, Randall Terry and Jesse Jackson man if that isn't a perfecta for you
I don't know what could be is that unbelievable or what?
I'll talk about
Cohabiting with swine. What is it? I'm trying to say total sell out
Anyway, the Spanish speaking societies of Puerto Rico Mexico, Colombia, El Salvador and Venezuela for instance
Already did happier than most of Western Europe while Spain itself trailed most of the region. What does that mean?
I don't know similarly the French German and Italian speaking peoples of Switzerland already
Significantly happier than the peoples of France, Germany and Italy huh culture may also color responses in Japan for example
Which is known for evaluating conformity one maximum holds that the nail that sticks out will get pounded down
Respondents may be less likely to identify themselves as very happier very unhappy. They're kind of like cum-sea cum-sa
Consequently despite its tremendous wealth your pan ranks 40 second of the 82 societies last among industrialized nations
They're not happy there maybe because they're so damn many of you think that might be it
That could be and everything's extensive really really yeah
Puerto Rico seems less reserved about proclaiming its happiness the per capita gross domestic product
There is less than half of that in the U.S. mainland while the homicide rate is more than three times as high
Factors that have helped to fuel the mass migration of islanders to the West mainland still to locals this land of endless summer is like
Isla del Encanto. It's time the license plate La Isla del Encanto
Yeah, sure the Latin temperament is to be very optimistic in many ways to the Ligarcia a radio and TV show host newspaper
Comis and motivational speaker in Puerto Rico you give Latin Americans open space and music and a drink in our hands and we're happy
See there you go. I need a little more than that open space music and a drink in your hands. I'm good start
Okay, now here's the best number one life satisfaction happiness ranking number one Puerto Rico number two Mexico number three Denmark
Denmark they have Copenhagen huh Denmark they got the Tivoli Gardens very boring they got a lot of
Boos number four speaking of booze Ireland
Number five Iceland which I'm sure all they do is
Get piled right I thought they had a huge suicide rate or something nice where Iceland
What are those countries Sweden? Well that too them too all those really green land
I don't want to the worst number 78 is Russia number 79 is Armenia
Number 80 is Ukraine number 81 is in Bobway and number 82 is Indonesia and this was taken before yesterday
How you like that?
Uh, the Indonesians ain't too happy
So there you go. That says the latest of these 80 million surveys that they take who's happy who's unhappy who likes this
Etc. Everyone's so on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
Verizon singular wireless line Jesse Jackson and Randall Terry man. That should say how how low America's come
scraping the bottom
WCYM hello
Terry and Bob Bob I'm Terry Terry and Bob
Thanks a lot Jimmy by the way we'll see you next football season hopefully not
WCYM hello
Yeah, I was going crazy this week and seeing these parents with their six and seven and twelve yo kids out here
Yeah, Frank was shyville. Uh-huh. It's driving me nuts
Uh-huh. The bag of me know what happened and I need something to smoke and I might use an apple
5605 60 pound 560
On a Verizon singular wireless line
Next one is going to break out into the uh, Vong song or maybe just the Vong show
How's what's his name doing Chuck and Barrett? But sir, you know, I saw that movie and it wasn't bad as a movie
You're right and I don't know I had right in the beginning to say this is all you know a bunch of crap
Right, not a bad movie. He was kidding. I agree with it. The movie was pretty entertaining
Not that anybody in the right mind believes that right was of course he was a hitman
Now they either concerted with the JP Morgan and what was the silly a queen with the big mustache?
Oh rip Taylor. That's the one. Yeah. Uh-huh. What what is that about?
I notice even on squeal of fortune I was that every time they have a male contestant he is always
9 out of 10 it's your 10 of money and just real screamers, huh? It's your time
As a matter of fact one guy and they're like last week
You know at the end of the show when they when they win they go to the bonus round and we look fortune and they always say
Well, who's out there in the audience who you got and they got these husband or the wife for the uh, you know friends
Well, where's the Tom he's my uh my partner my partner
Axel how do you like that? I did a lot practice wow. I thought to myself you fairy
Wow, I wonder where he's got that
Maybe the track always has been how he probably is here's your buddy PR Ralph
Why are you sending this to me? You see you encourage these people
Ralph to be out. I feel hurt and reference due accusations. I only relay the issues
Not that nothing to do with issue was bad information
You told us that the game was rained out before it was okay, which it was a very important movie
Portante de Was amigo because we wanted that time off
Who wanted the rest because we're slackers like everybody else in the station like everybody else in a world
Now you heard my feelings we should kiss and make up. No not at all
That's for you a raspberry
Yeah, so it's I'm the one who long go delivered the Donnie Osmond records to you when you were on six ten
Well, that's okay. Who cares? I had Donnie Osmond right there in the studio. What do I need his records? Is it to take pictures? No
Was that before you were working? Oh, yeah Donnie Osmond and his wife boy his wife left me really limp
You know, she was in the in a control room looking, you know Donnie's wife
Yeah, what's great this approval especially some of the persons I was asking him she was like
Really nearing pacing up and down like a like a premonster fox shooting looks and PR rouses
I'm not a Klingon I hate star track
You're a Klingon he's a wannabe. He's all right. No, he's not all right. He's a real he is Terry Shivoy just spoken
It says I had this you know how many of these we've had already you want to be casualized we this isn't funny
Okay, it's not funny juicy fruit. Yeah, but the Indian in the cook was nice
It's not funny and it's not original everybody in their brother is a pass this around and a juicy fruit
Kind of what is wrong with you people in sensitive and grotesque awaiting comments by the rubber and Jesse Jackson
Oh boy stopping the judicial action and there's Rick Sanchez narrating and what could be a more perfect scenario all the way around
You got Rick Sanchez Randall Terry and the the ever opportunistic Jesse Jackson who never met a photo off
He didn't like for both him and Bob and Mary Shindler and Bob and Mary Shindler
That animal I read has that guy doing by the way speaking of people brain data
Remember that guy went to know coma to before he croaked. Does that kind of
Opportunity that they got worse. Yeah kind of interesting. It's the in-and-e-ing man
Rick Sanchez hit that guy in front of the estate him. He went into a vegetative state and then he died
Yeah, nobody's going in. Hello
Yes
Yes
What does that mean
Yeah, I figures okay. I hope maybe you can go sleep with them. You're too old. Oh, I think five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty out of a rise and sing it a right or something. How about that ill-dead-mit child, huh? That love child
Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's an American hero. He's a slime ball is what he is another low life
BS artist. Oh, he can turn anything into a racial thing just here
In fact Terry probably's gonna turn out to have like a little black inner before a Reverend Jackson gets done
There was all these people are reverence. You ever notice that I should be enough. It sure
Come into Q.A.M. Hello Reverend line
Q.A.M. line one never is never there Q.A.M. Hello
Hello once yes, sir
Hey, Neil. Yeah, how you doing? I ended really back this morning fireport
Von Ron. I know they probably started running Ron. So right, we're not pulling on sorry
Um, I know you probably already know that they're
Rippen you off was doing
Dip to their rejoins now
You know this morning they did
They were gonna do a Michael Jackson update to the trial and they played one of their own productions
Horrible and it was safe safe safe and they they ripped off the whole line from your bit about the factions and little boys give me you know
Whatever oh my god three times they use that course and then they threw in a little bit of their own lyrics
Good. I hope some of these turns of man man. I don't think it a fifty million dollar fine
Hi, thank you. You know thanks for the bad news. Well there you go. At least they're consistent
Okay, Paul you know nothing about a ripoff artist you never had an original even when you fart it smells like omelettes
Is what I'm hearing and now what they say yeah
And I'm like alternate Tuesday and Thursday they said it smells like toast
If you're like to tell him where to stick that cute
1056 a q-a-m
This is the Neil Roger show
Questions
Morning
basically
Here go
River
We're definitely you know
You
Run
Won´t
Love, love, child, yeah
You put the baby in me just
Well the worst papers you've been
Fine, yeah
And you play, you play
Like this spicy, not mine
Yeah, it's easy
He's in trouble, it would seem
Oh, yeah
What happened?
The big part of Clinton's team
Yeah
This was not MLK's dream
Hey, how's the heart, we guess it?
Hey, the realm
The obel offense where is who she girl
I mean, it's the two, I mean
Expensive suit and brand new chair, girl
Baby, you give me a little bit back
In the demo he gave her a world
You'll be nothing without me, didn't make you wanna hurt
You better give me something
Jesse's got a love and shine
Yeah
You got the bad of making some soup
Well the worst papers you've been
Fine, yeah
And you'll be walking around and ragging
He likes spicy, not mine
Yeah, I want to eat some more honey
He's in trouble, it would seem
Come on, that's what we're gonna do
Give me some of that ramblin' money
A big part of Clinton's team
Yeah
Give me little puffs up
And with his balance beat
Yeah
What I can think, this was not MLK's dream
Yeah, come on, give her some of that ramblin' money
See, that was back in the day when Pentagon was doing some funny stuff
Yeah, remember those days
Yeah, that was a long time ago though
It's a level 0202 at 560 WQAM
Wait till you hear this fast we got, man
It is incredible, right on target to his matter of fact
I think we ought to have people like marching and protesting outside the QM studios
To make sure that Lenny Martez has never put on the irrigan
He's a good guy personally, but yeah
Okay, here's the poll so far
Which of these applies to your morning listening habits
And of course morning could be spelled either way
With or without a U
413 votes
Since you're like, I listen to Hank, hovered in three to hover
You win it, thanks for that man
And they're all over you
That was brilliant
Only listen to Neil on QM90
Joe Rosen, A.M53
So I have to speeden a little dog by about 2 to 1
He's beaten a pants off of him
Listen to Stern on another station 34
Which had better not be that visley station
I'm gonna like have a congressional investigation
As soon as we get done with Bob Franken on CNN
I'm Terry Shrivel
And Jesse Jackson and Randall Terry
And of course the Reverend Pact, what's his name?
Mahoney
NPR and A.M. 31, including George
Air American, A.M. 31
Uh oh
Paul and Ron and A.M. 15
Well they like our material so much they want to hear it again
Sure
Since Stern left no QA M and A.M. 15
Oh there's Jesse
A police source has told me that his advance, his advance theme
As assured them that he's not planning to try and get arrested
Not planning to trespass
And the strongest indication of that is he's going to be holding a news conference afterwards
And making himself available to the media
Now of course all of this almost obscures the story here
Which is the story of a woman who was dying
Oh yeah, okay
Let's see, since Stern left no QA M and A.M. 15
Bob and Tom and A.M. 14
Look how fast they're moving up
They're good, they're great
They'll listen to radio and A.M. 14
In fact let me ask you this, oh I don't want to go through it
You know what I'm thinking
What do you think of it?
I mean your pain
What?
Nothing
No, because Hank was kicking ass for all his years in the afternoon
And doing great in Mad Dog and I two to four slime
And if we'd had Bob and Tom and A.M.
Do you want to understand?
Yeah, it's been suggested before over over the years
But then again what have they got to do with sports?
You want to score?
They talk about like when A.M. 500's going on?
Right
That's a sports show
Go listen to radio and A.M. 14
I listen to music radio and A.M. 12
And the big O
Find a got one and that was a sympathy vote
Because they said somebody please vote for the big A.M.
Thank you
The big O, thanks you
They make them feel like a real bloodcaster
Not as good as any Martessons figure that
Here's a facts
This is one of the great facts we've ever gotten
You know the college generally speaking most of Mark Crap
But the facts is pretty good
What happened to our friend Lyle by the way?
Remember he said he wasn't going to be a chronic
I don't care what he said
Oh please come on
He said he wasn't going to be a chronic
Oh God
So it's probably the soon name I'm sure he's not
And when you run vacation last week
You should have seen somebody stuff that got through
You know that I was being sent by Miguel
Because he's unaware of most and anything
But yeah
That's why you say the facts are great
I said you won out of ten
No but they are great
You don't think so?
The one on a ten that I sent you were great
I'm not talking about the garbage
That's another good point
What the facts is you can pick into a story as opposed to the phone calls
We've got like actually I still like to use
Q.A.L.
Hey, Neil
Yes sir
The thing about Howard Stern
I used to listen to Howard Stern
I'm a big Howard Stern fan
But he got very aggravating when
Q.A.M. would be cutting off his typing of the deal
He's like, you know what?
I would rather not listen to it
Or have it all chopped up like that
There's no way it was unlistenable
And to quote something from Lenny Martez
It was unpredictable that they made it
Okay, let me call
Everybody's proud of Lenny Martez
That's because he was a good sign though
He was on with Curtis last night, 7 at 10 o'clock
Which is not really what you call a primo time listening time
But somebody must have been hearing it
And of course they're not too happy about it
I apologize for it by the way
Our management forgive them father
Because they know not what they do
There's a rather good example
I mean, I came in here yesterday afternoon to do something
I guess to check something online
And I opened up the pod as I'm in the habit of doing
For getting course that was on
And I heard that squeaking going on
And I thought, what is that?
How can that be right there in the middle of afternoon dive?
How can that sound?
And by the way, he'll be on 7 at 10 tonight
At Hollywood dog track
Which is the awarding Curtis is on by himself
47, mad dog will be back tomorrow
For those who write the schedule down on your wrist like in momentum
Now here's the facts from Bob and Coral Springs proving what I'm saying
The facts is many of them are great
The ones that get here
He says
52 years old working regulations bob your young pup compared to an old fart like me
52 years old I've been listening to radio for over 45 years
Well guess what Bob? I've been working in radio for 45 years
How do you like that?
Oh jeez
I started waking up to Herb Ostrich Anderson on the AM Powerhouse
77 WABC New York City
Hello again, here's my best to you
Remember Herb Ostrich Anderson of course not
Yeah, but you heard some of them jingles?
Yeah
Auto's WABC jingles
They were great man
It was the hey day of radio personality radio
And radio was really great when AM radio was something that people actually wanted
They coveted it, they loved it
It was part of their lives as opposed to just amongst a static
Anyway Bob says because of business I've lived all over the country
I've been able to listen to some great personalities in markets like L.A.
Dallas Philadelphia, Atlanta, Chicago, Washington DC
New York City and now Miami
Sure folks like you, Hank, Matt, Doug, your words etc
are true professionals who I'm sure have broadcast on the station of your choice
anywhere in the U.S.A.
However, and of course Bob telling you something that we already know
but it needs to be said again by you right
However in general they might be afforded to radio market sucks
Absolutely correct sir
And in particular WQA is unique he says
Sure new up-and-comers need a break
and the fact that folks like George and Curtis Stevens
Son are given an opportunity is great
Both have matured and grown enjoyable to listen to
However are your programmers deaf?
Not listening or don't they give a shmit?
Ask Bob, Steven he's using my material
Last evening I had to turn off QN because of the Lenny Martez
Not because of Lenny Martez but because of the let like a thing
And I think he's got a point Lenny is more like a thing than like a person
Does he have a speech impediment or is he had a stroke?
He is horrible and 100% un-listenable is what Bob says
100% un-listenable
Man oh man he's enough to make you want to take the cube
Allowing him on the ear eradicates any part of professionalism
WQA may be trying to obtain professionals like you, Hank, Manage
Need to insist that he be removed and never allowed in the same room
As a microphone is what he says that's what Bob says in crawl springs
I like that are we going to insist it?
Keep in mind the more problems
This is the same station that put the crow on the ear
Who is not only un-listenable but unliterate
I like that one
Unliterate
There are many remeras
I mean make some comments for you
What can I tell you?
We just got bad management man
We got mismanagement
She was an ice skirt, bad hair cut
But mismanagement, just like WikiWil, was it two weeks ago yesterday?
Wasn't it two weeks?
Time flies.
What?
Because you were there when we had that episode.
Oh, yeah.
With Joyce and Clarence and a bunch of nervous, nervous, historical people.
That right there should tell you everything you'd know about the kind of outfit that
we're working for.
That's why you hear that kind of swill on the ear.
I mean, we got plenty of bodies around, right?
Yeah, we got bodies.
No, no, seriously.
First I like, for example, Troy and then the Beast, I'm not a big Beast fan, quite frankly,
as far as on the ear.
But he certainly is a hell of a lot better than Lady Martez or that thing, huh?
Yeah.
You'd have to ask the management of our radio station, Bob, why it is that they put on people
who are on the very face of it are absolutely un-
Listenable.
Unqualified to be on the ear.
We have voices from a hell who make us sound like scratching nails on a blackboard, like
that bit we got, you know?
Right.
If I don't play off enough, by the way.
I agree.
That one.
Maybe I'll even do it.
Oh, we got to play the Lady Martez thing too.
Whatever you're driving.
Oh, you accuse me of picking on the Puerto Rican.
Oh, is he Puerto Rican?
Yes, he is.
He's very dark.
They have them there.
I understand that.
And so, and how about in Cuba, they don't have dark, posting Cuba?
Are you picking on dark folks now again?
No, next thing you'll be picking on the Reverend Jesse Jackson, man, and his love child.
Came on you, man.
Came on you.
Jeff, racist, bastard, you.
What are we going to do about those Jamaicans, by the way?
Okay, here's the deal.
Which of these applies to your morning listening habits?
It's a very, very important poll with a trend coming out Friday morning at 11.30.
People are going to be listening all over town, baby.
11.30, they're going to be glued in to 5.60 WQAM.
They're going to be on top of it.
They're going to be squeezing their radios.
Because, you know, the verdict is still out.
If we can make a comeback from Greg's 80th nervous breakdown from our latest format change.
One day, it's for Ralph, and then it's Moe, and then it's Joe, and then it's, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Ooh, although I will not be wearing a bag. Now, isn't somebody tell us uh, uh, something about that? I forget exactly what they said. Larry and his bag? Yeah, we know that uh, he wears the guns. Well, that's what it was about June Allison is sitting in the green room during the show every night because she and her boyfriend bring a new box of the pins in every hand during every break. That's bad. His new young wife changes them, I'm sure. I see. Cug like uh, Mrs. Wallace on um, the passion. Right. Who's gonna change her diapers now that precious is gone? 14 past 11 at 560 W to QA. And if you look in the mirror, it's a
little bit more than you can be doing a hell of a lot better if you had some hair. Oh, of course you could. And if you want to get a great looking head of hair instead of a Massey looking piece, call the best in the universe Charles Alfieery. Now, Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous looks sensational for over 30 years now.
And it looks like he looks like he's growing like I said right out of your head and you got nothing to lose but that shiny balls, but because you try, you try Charlie system for 30 days.
But for about a month and after a month, if you don't know the way looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting like action like crazy, if you're not getting caught at and clawed at and just yanked, uh, then return it for a full refund. Make the call today tool for you.
You want 800 three to 124 13 and tell Charlie heard about it here on the famous Neil Roger show to get you your special $200 Q and discount off the regular $800 price of that natural hair line system. Charlie's new skin like hair system is the best in the universe. So forget about the holes in the head. Forget about all those dangerous pills.
Get yourself a great looking head of Harry. Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again with Charles's natural hair line system.
1 800 321 24 13 around the wicked way with Charles Alfieery dot com.
You're a sneaked in Neil Roger.
The rest of you on the 560 QAM.
Get the mystery out of rent they call truck of Miami call bus at 305 871 305 free to reserve whatever vehicle you need.
Whether for a day or a week or that special weekend budget has a wide variety of late low mileage cars and trucks can be your driving needs.
You can always count on great budget rates and service to make your rental experience uniquely budget. Get out of the ordinary.
You're fairing.
8 sounds that you hate.
But I'm in it and I think they're really great.
I doubt that you can't stand a one or two much less or 8.
8 sounds that you hate.
The men from the boys they will surely separate.
I tell you what they are.
Guarantee you'll go.
I like fingernails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck for their knuckles.
When I rough style a phone together.
That just makes me shut the wall.
Hey sound you can't stand.
Would you tolerate if you were a head the man I am.
Add to the list of eight.
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate.
Here's what I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah. That's more like it.
Little more. Little more over there. Little more.
Yeah. Hey sound so you need.
Now let's review so you can really really really free.
Figure nails on a blackboard.
When people crack their neck for their knuckles.
Rub his thigh were phone together.
For they make me shut the wall.
I like when you see good on a gym floor.
Rating in a lumen or a window.
When I get this to drilling my mold.
That makes me think.
Fingo! My boy singing on his record.
You tend to run by China.
If these out give you the shivers.
That makes you a whiner.
Hey you've got nothing someone fight their fort like this.
I love it.
Here I'll do it again.
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wipe in a window I cracked my neck?
So where you went?
Stop for a whiff.
Oh wait. I got one more.
I told him I had a comrade.
I was in love with him and I was anxious to do so.
This is one of the profound moral ethical issues of our time.
The saving of Terry's life.
Did you see who was that sluts him up to the microphone?
I was Randall Terry by the way that noted terrorist.
Terry.
Anyway I don't want to hear our reference.
A former public school of retail has been accused of plotting with a brown county man in the 90s to raise money and recruit.
It was an extremist to fight in Bosnia.
A criminal complaint issued in May last December on CODS today charges.
He filed a jail for 43 formalities of Detroit and cost him to hire a family of brown county.
A former assistant superintendent was arrested Sunday at Detroit.
I missed it.
How do you like that?
The US customs agency detained him after a routine computer check.
He was on the federal ward.
The jail made a brief appearance on the federal court in Detroit.
Prosecutors requested they be sent to Miami.
Sooner or later all the slime winds up in Miami.
US magistrate Judge Stephen Wailen ordered Jiu-Jitsu to help her bond hearing tomorrow.
When his lawyer John Posner could be present in the hospital right now, he can't be there today.
But who will be there tomorrow?
Jiu-Jitsu and Duhara charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources for terrorism and conspiracy to kill, kidnap,
maim or injured people or damaged property in a foreign country.
Lovely.
But flitic.
She is being shot today.
And they have a start working on you next, yes, he bought a way of being a good idea.
You could afford to lose an answer, too.
Hoping to put questions about his motives and his wife's condition to rest, Michael Shavell will have an autopsy performed on Terry after she dies.
That is, unless some of these lunatics, the Schmidt distributors get that Jiu-Jitsu reinserted, his attorney, say, yesterday, Michael Shavell's.
He believes it's important to have the public know the full and massive extent of the damage to Mr. Shavell's brain that occurred to the Cardiac arrest in 1990, George Peele said.
The surprise announcement clearly was made to combat persistent allegations that Michael Shavell planned to cremate his wife's body to destroy evidence of her medical condition.
We didn't feel it was appropriate to talk about an autopsy prior to Mr. Shavell's death, but again because claims have been made by opponents of carrying out her wishes that there was some loaded behind the cremation of Mr. Shavell, we felt it was necessary to make that announcement, Philo said.
Philo's also that disputed they suggested earlier in the day by Terry Shavell's father, Bob Shinla, that she might be receiving an overdose of morphine to ex-spirited the process to kill her.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Philo said Terry Shavell, who spent 11 days with our food or water yesterday, and twice received five milligrams of the painkiller over the past few days, the lowest dose available.
We're not going to do anything that has no postpone, natural deaths in my bell, spoke to him from a woodside hospice.
I tell you, we're saying last night that sometimes they give more feed to the patient even though they have no feeling, just to pacify their relatives, you know, make them feel better about it, just so they're sure that there's no pain.
Oh, look at that. Interrupting Jesse Jackson boy, you grandstander, you victims of yesterday's earthquake and how do you like that? There he is.
Man, somebody ought to pull up cheer on him.
Wow.
How is said for the world?
The knee, yeah.
You know, see he's got amnesia. He just probably admitted what the problem is.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
See, this is the turning of the season situation here, and I'm telling you right now this whole scratchy throw thing.
That's what this is all about.
So you can go one of two different ways, you know, either I can adapt real fast or I could be out for like, oh, I don't know, two, three months.
Hey, so they out of kiss the ground at Georgia stand by to fill in my.
Yeah, huh?
And then of course two or three months and then all of a sudden it's that summer schedule.
Oh, man.
Wouldn't that be something?
I mean, take it a bunch of calls here right now, but there's only I only see one flash on the board.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the horizon, singular right, this line.
Pretty sad.
Pretty sad how the mighty of falling, you know, we'll find out on Friday.
WQA, I'm hello.
Big old sucks.
See, there you go.
He's back.
And that one coin, I say one call, no calls because that doesn't qualify as a real call.
Just like when we started this morning with Prozac Ron, not a call on the board.
I'll wait.
I'm going to say in fact, let's do the break and then we'll come back.
You're going to take like 600 calls on the road.
We'll see.
Or listening to Neil Roger.
Or on five, 60.
You're all on it.
Oh, God, your breasts are beautiful.
Well, Michael, I want you to answer as truthfully as you can.
State your name for the record.
Michael Jackson.
What did you give the children that stayed with you at Neverland?
Even hot milk, cookies.
Anything else?
Even cut.
If a boy wanted to sleep with you.
I wouldn't have a problem with it.
Have you had sexual relations before?
Yes.
With who?
The elephants and giraffes and crocodiles and tigers and lions.
Your accuser said he saw you naked.
Did he see your privates?
Absolutely yes.
And?
This is very swollen.
Very swollen?
You'd be a niece often, I hear that.
Well, how about this?
Feeling genius like my lover.
She took the girl.
Says that I am the one.
But the kid is not my son.
Yeah, it's all the three of what.
I don't want to say Jesse Jackson is a grandstander and opportunist.
A charlotte in the notice that there are two big, big stories.
Now, at least the media tells us that there are two that were supposed to be very concerned about.
And number one, of course, is Terry.
And she's dying over there.
And number two is the Michael Jackson trial.
And you notice who's radio show is Michael on over the weekend?
Reverend Jesse Jackson, the Reverend.
Remember what Jesus said when two or more gathered in my name, I shall be there with you?
That's what... maybe Jesse, maybe the J stands for Jesus and I just...
No, but Jesse is that way, but with cameras.
When two or more cameras are gathered together.
And now he's right there with Randall Terry and a bunch of other...
Oh, in Pinellas Park.
Doing this thing for Terry.
And they wouldn't let him inside.
They would say hello or goodbye or give her.
And over the weekend they give her the last rice and they put a little wine, little drop of wine.
Just a drop.
Jesus, right?
Remember like Marlon said and God thought it's just a drop.
On her lips.
Yeah, just a drop.
Bad news from Iraq again.
I thought everything was going well.
Oh, we're fine.
So tired of this.
Prime Minister Iad Alawi walked out of a meeting of Arak's parliament today after angry scenes erupted.
With assembly members be raiding Shi'id and Kurdish leaders for failing to agree on a government.
He walked out.
The Speaker of parliament ordered journalists to leave.
And declared the meeting would be held in secret after politicians, one of them, a leading member of Alawi's block.
The Nazi-fated to reach agreement two months after the historic January 30th.
About 30, man.
Pools.
Hitting them their second ever national assembly session today.
Negotiators struggled over the issue of bringing Sunni Arabs into the government.
A step official sop will quell the Sunni-led insurgency.
They got sores over there, baby.
Just when we keep getting told everything is hunky-dory.
Or his Bob Shiefer would say, oki-doki.
And the oki-fenoki swam.
And you know, since he did that, I have not watched CBS even news.
And I never really did once.
Until they get his ass off of there.
I will not watch the CBS Evening News ever again.
Ah!
519 votes on a poll which of these applies to morning listening habits.
Since during left I listen to Hank 130.
About 30, man.
1-3-0.
I only listen to Neil on QA, I'm 110.
Joe Rosen, AM58.
He's got to beat by more than 2-1.
He's walloping his big head.
And his ass.
NPR and AM43.
Error America in the AM42.
I listen to Stern on another station 39.
Dole listen to Radio and AM21.
Paul and Ron in the AM.
Oh my God.
21.
Bob and Tom in AM19.
Since Stern left, no QA in the AM19.
Who came up with his crap?
I did.
I listen to music Radio and AM14.
And the big AM in AM has got three votes.
He is really rock solid, man.
Out of 519.
We can actually do a thousand of this if we put our notes to the grand stone, Josh.
But should we bother?
Oh, sure.
You are.
So since the food stop coming in, you're just like the off-the-day.
Would you get to Howie's?
Yeah, Howie's thing.
Yeah, but that's, you know, I'm not knocking Howie's.
Howie's is great and we love them and we thank them profusely.
But that's very pedestrian.
I mean, you know, that's not a good way of putting it.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, I'll take another rib eye if they want to come on down.
Are you begging for food now?
Yeah.
Shameless.
Next thing I know, Hank's going to be telling me, I was at Morton's State House yesterday.
And there was Josh Cortes in his girlfriend eating, you know.
Right, and mom.
And Howard David was picking up the check.
And yeah, oh yeah, that's the thing.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I don't think Mo was going to be bonding with Josh Cortes any time soon.
Well, I'll talk to him just a little bit.
In fact, last week, remember the day we had when they had some technical problem?
Not that we ever have any EQM, but the audio vault crashed right there before 2 o'clock.
You don't know about this, do you?
No.
So Josh tells me, you know, play it other bit.
They can't play the music for Ken to do the music bed for me to do the update.
Like, we need a music bed.
And so I played another bit.
And then we're sitting here like kids, 203 is 204.
And then finally, they come on without the music bed.
And Mo is going on about, oh Cortes, all Josh Cortes said to us, they go.
Just go ahead, go.
And somehow blaming Josh for the fact that they couldn't get their act together there at 2 o'clock.
What do you expect?
Blame you.
Blame anybody but him.
All he had to do was come on in front for a couple of minutes, but that would have been, you know.
Probably not in this contract.
Here's a fact from Pat in North Carolina.
What I'd say about these facts is, man, this is where it's at.
Calls, you got to, you know, I'm just not in this big and for calls anymore.
I just can't handle it.
That pull building stuff, man, that really, you know, the one thing about that retardo guy, man, he's right about that.
Pull building blow is he's right.
He's right.
Yeah.
I agree.
Pat says, I've been listening for over 10 years.
I recently moved because of work from West Palm.
Now it's new on the internet.
Thank God for the internet, Pat.
Wait till we get on serious.
I cannot get straight into morning due to the ultra conservative radio here in North Carolina.
But Bob and Tom is here.
They're great and they get my vote.
Good choice.
Afternoons are listening to the love doctors West Palm via the net.
They do nothing but praise and mention great respect about you in your comments.
It says, I've never heard you mention them.
Probably because clear channels.
So I've never mentioned them because I never heard them.
The love doctors.
Have you?
No, I've heard of them.
Oh, and that's a good.
But anyway, it says so many Tar Heel fans here.
It's nuts.
What the hell is a Tar Heel?
Ghost Spartans.
I know about them.
And why would they be talking about me?
I guess they're in Palm Beach.
I guess that makes sense.
I've heard you before.
Have you heard?
I've heard about them.
No, I know that.
We get that all the time.
But what does that mean?
It's like that guy in Orlando that Luzer and the afternoon, Jim Phillips.
Okay.
All these Orlando people think that we care about radio in Orlando, which we don't.
But oh, Jim Phillips always talks so highly about Jim Phillips.
You know, he is what he is.
Little league man.
Little league is a step away from like Lenny Martez.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, good morning.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I had a night never listen to your show until you guys got Howard on it.
Right.
Now that Howard's gone, I've listened to Howard, but as soon as he's off the air, I switch back over to you.
I think you have a great show.
Thank God for you, pal.
That's what we're hoping for, man.
I know we've lost a lot of stuff off there from that target.
There's this experiment.
Before I had the first station to get out of the West Palm, but I'm trying.
But, for that to you, I got a great show.
Thanks a lot, man.
I never got there.
I like that.
But, yeah, there's one where Billy and audience slowly one at a time, maybe one at a time.
So, that's good.
We got a Stern person that stuck with us because that's Stern experiment, boy.
I could write a book just about that part.
Of course, if I wanted to write, I could write the net cycle of pdf.
I could write a whole series of books about the QA experience from before we even started on the year about that studio that would be ready on December 30th.
That wasn't going to be ready.
And about that check that somebody had to write out of his personal account because corporate didn't understand the deal.
Remember that?
Yeah.
The OJ golf tournament, all of these things being stuck on the red 9 o'clock in the morning, all of these things, man.
And we're still in here.
You talk about a guy that succeeds in spite of himself.
There is your close personal friend and general man, okay?
That's what I'm talking about right now.
Okay.
Does anybody has any doubts?
Great.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Greg Reed.
It's just, you know, every time you think that he got on real fast and the horse you fell out, it come to find out there was a spare in there.
And it's just amazing to me.
I got to enter first these 500.
Oh, and here's something pretty interesting and most people aren't aware of.
You know, these good religious people that are all protesting outside there with Reverend Jesse and everybody else.
And Randall Terry, that terrorist, and that media hound Reverend Pat Mahoney.
As protests outside the hospice housing Terry Shiveaux in her final days mounted last week, numerous newspaper reports, many based on an AP account,
mentioned or quoted 10-year-old Joshua Heldworth and or his father, Scott Heldworth.
Joshua was one of several youngsters arrested for crossing police lines in Pinellas Park in an effort to take water to Shiveaux.
None of the stories revealed at Scott Heldworth, a religious activist and anti-abortion crusader, is a registered sex offender in Florida until the Charlotte Observer mentioned it on Sunday.
A widely published AP story on Sunday by Alan G. Brine had, I wonder what happened to happen to Bobby Brine.
Had painted a world picture of the Heldworth's noting that it was young Josh who insisted that his father take him to the protest from their home in North Carolina, not the other way around.
God's with me, Josh said.
The article continued, Scott Heldworth, a veteran of the Operation Rescue and Operation Save America campaigns against abortion, didn't intend to join his fight until us on AsdaB Brought to Pinellas Park.
My wife and I, we felt like if God really put it on his heart, we should come down to allow him to live out what God had put on his heart, said Heldworth a carpenter.
Oh, just like Jesus, yes, he.
The story said, and just like Karen and Richard, the story said some of the children at the protest carried signs accusing Terry Shiveaux has been of murdering her, and urging that he be sent to jail.
The Charlotte Observer, however, revealed that Heldworth had pleaded guilty to sexual battery, was in jail for parts of 92 and 93 according to court records, and served time on probation.
The former Naperville Florida resident remains listed on the Florida Department of Law Enforcement Sex Offender Registry, the Observer reported, but he's not registered on North Carolina's, the N.C. equivalent applies to offenders convicted after January 196.
According to the story, Heldworth claimed that his religious beliefs came to him while in jail.
What a novel concept, isn't it?
He found the Lord in a slumber.
Before then, he said, I basically agreed with everyone trying to kill Terry Shiveaux.
Then he said he accepted Christ and turned his life around.
Now, he declined to discuss specifics of the incident that led to his jail time, but online research showed that Heldworth was arrested after an incident at Ohio University and charged with two counts of rape and one kind of kidnapping.
Other than that, he's just a wonderful guy.
Did you get that two-kind rape and one kind of kidnapping?
Kidnapping, I would have.
Right.
I would have been a deputy.
But he went in a slumber and he found the Lord. He found Jesus in there.
And he got out his nails and his hammer, probably built a hell of a big cross there over the weekend when you think of it.
Then he tore it and bore it.
We just tore a ligament, I don't know.
Yeah, these are all these.
And the fact that Jesse Jackson is there with Randall Terry, if you look up the term sellout in the dictionary, there's his push right there.
You're the things that you throw at your ass.
The opportunist to the spot you grave robber you.
It's Howard.
Howard David.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, they came from Australia with a dream and the name of a road improvement sign.
They were men at work.
Why? Why?
One album and then we're finished. Why?
Men at work lead singer Colin Haye could never reconcile with the band's lack of future success.
His anger left him with a distorted picture of why they were successful in the first place.
Obviously the people won't recognize this to being Australian and the names of roadway improvement signs. It's got to be it.
Colin's misdirected Odyssey led into form a string of new bands. Each one more of a failure than the last.
First there was Lane Ends, Merge Left.
Good day, good day, I'm Australian.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Then, traffic finds doubled in construction zones.
Put it on the shrimp from above me.
Oh yeah, yeah.
And finally, the unfortunate crew working in trees.
I made out.
Man at work, they tried everything to find success, but they failed.
That's why they're all doing pornography now.
It's a big juicy shopping wit look at show business tonight, on inside of behind.
11.47.13.
We'll do it at 5.60 WNQ and we got the mole man at 2 o'clock.
We got Curtis Stevenson for a mad dog at 4. And then we got Geldie.
This weekend is way through 3 hours, 7 and 10 and Hollywood.
We got a Greyhound track followed by any K.
That's our schedule. They know ball games.
We got no Panther games.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the Evo Ryzen and Singular Rival Slides.
Look at that phone man. WQYM, hello.
I have all at the table.
I need to quote Reverend Jesse Jackson and say, can we have money on your own going to party now?
Your pal.
One of your people.
Yeah, yeah.
Nate is probably over your house on the weekend with his galavarian is maybe a no-ching party.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the Evo Ryzen and Singular Rival Slides.
You know what's every call is coming out on 6. What does that mean?
I don't know.
What are the primary, I guess.
Is that what it is?
I'm just guessing.
I thought the primaries were in March.
Not here.
Of course that's the only one that's ringing anyway now.
We're not going to build those, but I think I'm going to go back like you suggested just building up my pile every day.
I think it would be a real good idea.
I like your pile.
How about you do?
How about you, why am I?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was taking a shot at you.
I know.
Oh, no.
Yeah, he said that if you're seeing Neil and Galatine in the same room and you know what I was told he was talking about.
Yeah.
And George, he also, you know, he's a defensive compulsive.
You know that.
He's a what?
A defensive compulsive.
He's a what?
He's got a disorder.
He's worried about backsplash.
He's losing his salary.
He's a little backsplash in the toilet.
Yeah, we all have our thing pal, okay?
We all have our thing.
What's your excuse?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom, fine.
It's like little children like fiber.
No, it's just a thing to be mean.
Have you ever seen you in Galatine?
And George is worried about the mass bias.
I've got my little kids in the same body.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm a Skella Zero man.
Your call's blow, okay?
Your call is just suck.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
I use my name as Robynon from Miami.
I'm Colin Lov.
Guys who's talking about an domestic conversation for me.
They were talking about a movie comedy kung fu.
It's called Kung Fu Huffu.
I had a copy about a month ago.
So it's awful.
Okay, all right.
Thanks Robert.
Okay.
No kid, I was George.
I was some of your crap.
Kung Fu Huffu Huffu.
Got it.
Yeah.
Somebody Q-A-M, hello?
Yeah, it's a real man.
It's a new.
Yes sir.
Can you do the Paul Harvey bit?
Can I do it?
The Paul Harvey bit?
What Paul Harvey bit?
The one where he's rolling up a doobie.
The wrong one?
He's not rolling up a doobie.
He's talking about the wrong one.
Okay, the wrong one.
No kid, that happens between a doobie and a ball.
A ball?
Careful how you say that.
No idea.
You can really be careful.
I just got your plan at the other day.
Get with it.
See, I'm going to prove the point today right now.
In fact, this is going to, I'm going to convince myself.
This is going to be very, very good for my own mental state.
You'll see.
You'll see the after effects and days to come.
Can't wait.
Oh, I like the scratchy throw turning into like a strep throw.
How many QAAM hello?
Yeah, Neil what's up, man?
How you doing, pal?
Can you do that bit with the risk of...
No, we're not doing requests.
How many QAAM hello?
George.
Yeah.
Hey, George.
You ever seen the movie in the cut with Meg Ryan?
Yeah.
When you answering the question all over the day.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty,
pound five, sixty on the horizon and sing it a wireless lines.
How many QAAM hello?
Yes, two.
Yes, two.
You were the fairest Mr. Groma.
WQAAM hello.
I'm good, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Is the Mad Delivery Driver?
Yeah.
I just want to thank the president for these low gas pipes that he's given us.
Uh-huh.
That's basically it, man.
That's basically it.
Okay, thanks, Mad Delivery Driver, whoever the hell you are.
Who's that?
WQAAM hello.
Is this WQAM?
Let me say it again.
WQAM.
Okay.
Yes, sir?
I'd like to speak to Neil if I could.
You're speaking to him right now.
I'm speaking to Neil.
Okay, here's what I wanted to say.
I just heard on the news that Jerry Fowler had a massive heart attack when he found out that Jesse Jackson was with Terry.
Uh-huh.
And his spokesman.
We could already pray.
His spokesman is the hospital.
Pardon me?
He isn't a hospital.
That's the story.
Yeah, that's the story.
And we're good.
I thought you were just joshing me, man.
Oh no, I was just kidding.
He was spocing for him to say, he plans on checking out the same time, Terry does.
Well, that doesn't mean that.
Oh, great.
Let's pull out that cue right now.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
That made my day on that spare.
Isn't that bad?
Absolutely not.
You see what I mean about the Lord?
The Lord is P.O.
and fired up, man.
And he gave you a little warning with that.
You know, he gave it a little leeway there of many thousand miles.
With that earthquake in, uh, as he is today in Sumatra.
Ever been in Sumatra?
No.
How about Josh?
You've been in Sumatra?
Josh has been in New York City, by the way, which means he's also been in Schenecta,
in Albany and Buffalo and Rochester and El Maira.
Troy, does it?
No.
But, that's what he was trying to tell, oh, I see.
See, he thinks the New York City is all right.
And believe me, if you haven't been in upstate New York, you've missed absolutely nothing.
That's what I was thinking.
Yeah.
So that's like a compliment.
Do not go to upstate.
Don't waste your time.
I won't.
Oh, but you and you're from Rochester in the summertime.
When the law law is right here, it's real pretty there.
For about five days, that's the summer.
In fact, they had to pull the tube on it, on all upstate New York.
Thank God, the weather here is nothing at all like Buffalo, man.
It's so great to be able to watch the Buffalo Network of Phileas and see every night on their
weather.
Oh, we're getting a footest note of that, and we don't have like a flake.
I mean, there's a few flakes on this week, or, you know.
It's a bit of a change, mister.
But other than that, they have the Buffalo is just the absolute end of the world.
It makes out photosome, almost like a paradise, if you catch my drill.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
We're getting a lot of great calls here today, and that's what it's all about.
In fact, I think I'm going to go either one of two ways.
Well, not really.
Now listen to me.
Okay.
I'm either going to like dump the calls and go back to reading for four hours every day, which is bad on my throat, especially when I got a scratchy throat and the change of seasons and stuff, all these allergies.
Maybe it's allergies.
It could be.
But, or, all calls.
Oh, all right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I don't know which one to click.
I still listen to Howard's third on the station, but since Howard's third on the left, I don't know who to listen.
I still listen to QA in the am.
So, you should add that up in your tally.
Okay.
I'll make sure I'll stick that in there.
All right.
Say, how'd it hurt?
Tell me I'll be on serious any day now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
I mean, if you're rising in singular right of slides.
WQAM, hello.
They knew.
Yes, sir.
You need to pull the two-by-joyd, but.
Yeah.
How about your, how about your, your, your, your, your own ass.
WQAM, hello.
Neal, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Hi.
If Michael Jackson is a black luminary, is gelbie a Jewish luminary?
Yes.
Actually, I'm the very perspicacious on your parts, you're right.
Yeah.
Neal, I love you.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's see how that pole is coming.
Man, the pole is the important thing.
Josh Corpus wants us to get to 1000 votes today.
If we get to 1000, Kansas City, Stakes, by bringing food again tomorrow.
Yeah.
Wow.
Really?
I don't know.
I just made that up.
I bet today would.
Well, that'd be so.
This 108, that's pretty great for like, just new niche now, when you say.
I'd say so.
We got a shot of the 1000 by two.
Of course, see what I'm doing now is I'm playing like fast and loose.
You got to check our website early in the morning, because I like to slip the next one in there.
And intermediate one.
Right, and then I start changing the pole.
Thanks a lot, Eric.
By the way, forgive me to power to change the pole there.
That's so really good.
You get to put the pole.
Plus, no, seriously, then he doesn't have to sit up there like, waiting and waiting.
You know, he's got important fish to fry up there.
And each fish.
No, that's not fat enough for him.
In fact, he's probably the burger king to get that new breakfast sausage thing I was talking about yesterday.
One way, six pounds of that omelet, which, yeah, omelet and toast and juice and what time are they on?
608 votes.
Since Sterling Life, I listen to Hank, 142.
Thank God.
Stop it.
Only listen to Neil on QM133.
Joe Rosan, AM65.
Boy, Hank's just whipping his ass.
You know what?
I listen to Sterling on another station 54, NPR and AM49, Air American AM47, a big BM and AM.
Paul and Ron and AM28, speaking of BM.
That's a big BM and AM.
Bob and Tom and AM25.
Look at that.
They're not even on in this market.
They're on a Palm Beach County station.
They're almost dead even with Paul and Ron.
What is that for you?
About steel, old, crusty material, huh?
Don't listen to Radio and AM24.
Since Sterling Life, no QA and AM23, I listen to music radio and AM15.
And the big, who is really rock solid, hanging in there with a solid tree.
Neil Rogers, exclusively on 5.60 AM.
Hospital reason unknown.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know you're caught with a mill, where total fire, another killer.
Stuff your hold in your bed with your glasses.
Make bread.
You got a way where they can't ya, you chill.
Here.
Make your fr adverse pain.
Pines and sugar, add love, pies or else.
I have war that tail, is white blood so scared you're sadness.
Now, he bows.
There's no doubt Lincoln screams.
Oh.
Pr Stage 2 at QAM.
I love the way that one ends too.
Bad?
like that. So where did you see the fall well thing? Right now on CNN. They just had a little blurb right before that guy called.
I saw that just now, but I mean you saw it before when a guy called in about it. There was also on CNN? Yes.
Well, with Aldo Deino. So why did you agree that it was a heart attack? He's back in the hospital.
The reason I know it should say he is in the hospital. That's what I mean.
Well, maybe they're sticking the chew back in with fat.
What? It could be it. It could be like a section.
Yeah, that could be it or it could be like the Lyco death.
Wouldn't that be something? Very fall well. Would die today. Wouldn't that be... That would make my whole day?
They say film doesn't lie, but does that mean that it tells the truth?
The public sees fleeting videotape images of Terry Shavall appearing to many to turn toward her
to mother's voice and smile. They hear what sounds like moans and laughter.
They watch her head move up and down, seemingly following the progress of a brightly colored
Mickey Mouse balloon. And often they ask, how could anyone conclude that she is aware of her surroundings?
They answer lies not so much within Shavall's brain as in the minds of those who observe her.
As social beings, humans are hardwired to examine another's face for clues to what the person behind
it is thinking. They naturally associate vocal tones with specific moods. They detect meaningful
words in nonsense utterances. I can understand that because I've examined scores if not hundreds
of people with this condition says Dr. Leon Prokop, a professor of neurology at the University of
South Florida, who has reviewed the brain damage woman's cat scans. At first, he says his natural
emotional desire to be optimistic and hopeful made him interpret movements and facial expressions
as purposeful. But after long experience Prokop says, I came to realize that my emotional
reaction was understandable as a human being, but was not an intellectual assessment. The public
has only seen a tiny portion of more than four hours of videotape, chapter in the past seven years
of litigation, whether to keep the 41-year-old woman on a feeding tube. Sorry.
Even doctors who have agreed that she's in a persistent vegetative state of admitted to being
swayed if only briefly, but they now familiar images that have been played and replayed on
an actual TV over and over and over and over. During testimony of 2002, hearing court
of protean neurologist Paul Bambequitas acknowledge that seeing the videotape,
she was one of the kissing and speaking with her gave him positive first. Yes, that was a source
of concern on my part. How does one interpret a situation like that? He even acknowledge that
he did track a Mickey Mouse balloon with her eyes in one clip. Oh, let's put that tube back in there.
So we can drag this thing on for months now, wouldn't you think? Sure.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines. You need to get those
phones lit up like a Hanukkah booth baby because we've reached the dividing point. This is like,
you know, the crossroads, which happened so many times on the show, which way to turn to the right
to the left straight ahead down the road. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular
right to the right. Look at that line 7, just very lonely.
WDQYM, hello. QYM. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
How's it going, man? Listen, I was reading a call because I want to make a point about something
I haven't seen on any of its news channels, but basically it was this is that the reason
that these rate wingers have gone through these steam measures that they've done for the last week
is only to classify their guilt, their Catholic guilt of all the dead people that we've killed
over there are rats basically. Yeah. And that's the only, you know, I mean, that's the only reason
they're really doing it. The worst of the people who are there are people who are in favor of
capital punishment, who are in favor of the war in a rack, who are in favor of killing anybody we
don't like, who are in favor of killing abortion doctors, but always around the side of life.
Exactly right. You get the George Bush arrow, the side of life. I don't think so. You know what I mean?
I know what you mean. Okay, Pally, have a great day. You know what he means? I think we know what he
means. What does he mean? I don't know. W-A-A-M, hello. Q, is it Q or is it Q? W-A-A-M, hello.
Yeah, hey, well, when you thought it was going over to magic, were you put Brown Eyed Girl on Endless Loop 2?
Wow. W-A-A-M, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Okay.
I'm trying to wish Brown Eyed, he was attracted to. Yes, go ahead, sir.
What do you think the next story coming out of Florida is going to be?
Next story coming out of Florida is that the governor is God. The governor and legislature will
insist that only punch boards will be loved instead of slum and jeans at the racetrack, punch boards.
Unbelievable. What ever happens to a punch board?
Whatever happens to Columbus. She's, she smuggled in Terry's body out of the hospice right now as a matter of fact.
Good luck to you, Pally. Thank you. Who can do a better job than Columbus?
Oh, but the governor is a very righteous Catholic religious man, yeah, right.
With a justice like this functional family. Don't you hear any more about Noelle, you know?
I wonder how she's like. I wonder what she's doing. I don't know. The nose knows.
Nobody can Q-I-M, hello. Yes, sir. This is Yaki fan, never make me. I'm called Yaki fan.
Yaki fan, back in the 1990s, 1990s. Oh my god.
Way fully molded. I'm the past, baby. You got out though, huh?
I got out in 1999. Good. Good. Back to New York. Good move.
I know. Hey, 15 years ago, I gave you sometimes I feel the five versions.
A cumbersome, you created sits online.
How did Al the Lionel? I bet. Well, we don't want to do with those parts. I'll tell you that right now.
Not the way things are going these days. Right. Now, where is that stop loud?
It's no change. I would change it all. No, no change.
If you get a chance, play. I'm listening to the online network.
Yeah, we'll play some parts for our online okay, pal. Yeah, and talk about out of touch.
Actually, I think you're right. You know, we'll play during the break. Listen to what I say.
Thank you. Just for all time's sake. Talk about chronic the Yaki fan.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
And we'll go to the top of the green.
Yeah, that's all we're going to have.
We're going to have a whole bunch of those.
We can't play the far one, for obvious reasons.
We can't play no far sounds, Yankee fan.
Not if Joyce and the F.C.
Well, it has nothing to do with the F.C.
This has to do with Joyce.
We've got this bitch over there on a West Coast.
Our corporate legal, depending on what corporate legal says,
about that corporate legal, yeah, right.
Corporal legal, my ass.
We've got this bitch over there.
We're no radio from a pop-up toaster.
And she's deciding to make it up as she goes along.
Well, you can't say this, and you can't do it.
And of course, the reason we got into this pickle
in the first place is because our program director
and operations manager between the two of them
may have not got a BB, much less a nut.
So as a result, they would ask her.
They would go to her to seek her counsel and advice.
And she's got absolutely no concept of what is permissible
and what is not permissible on the broadcast airwaves.
Yesterday, a week ago, sockets, two years ago,
a hundred years ago, she hadn't got any idea.
None.
And so, whenever it is you ask her,
oh, can we do this?
The answer is always the same.
Always air on the side of paranoid and hysteria
and knowing nothing.
Joyce, you idiot.
You quizzling. You simple didn't bitch you.
By the way, Josh, remember the story we had about the finger
in the chili? Was that last week?
Yeah, I actually went to Wendy's yesterday, too.
Oh, my God. Did you think of that out?
Definitely didn't get the chili, though.
Oh, good. You missed that, George.
I'm going to keep ordering chili in the hopes.
Rucker Howard liked it. In fact, I'm going to call it the
rucker Howard chili from now on at Wendy's.
The woman who gave new meaning to the term
of finger food after finding a piece of a human finger
in her Wendy's chili last week say she has suffered
severe distress after the incident
and now is considering a lawsuit.
You go, girl. And Ayala.
The thought of, you know, just knowing that there was a human
remain in my mouth. It is disgusting.
It's tearing me apart inside. She said,
in an exclusive interview on ABC's Good Morning America,
yes, turd day.
Ayala, 39, a lost Vegas resident found the finger
while eating at a Wendy's in San Jose, California last Tuesday.
The finger was about one and a half inches long
and is believed to be a woman's finger
because it had a long groomed nail say officials.
That's the finger nail officials.
Authorities are coming a fingerprint database
to try to find the owner of the missing digit.
Maybe they want to give it back.
Analysts say that sales at the fast food chain have dropped
since last week's incident.
A statement from Wendy's ABC News said that the employee
who prepared Ayala's food had 10 years of experience
at the restaurant had suffered no finger injury.
Like he's going to stick his own finger in there, right?
Right.
I guarantee that wasn't Rucker Howard's finger in the fries.
In fact, no employees at the restaurant suffered a hand
or finger injury nor has the supply reported any injuries,
which is required by law to do a coin of Wendy's.
Wendy says it's cooperating fully with investigators.
Test our schedule this week to learn among other things,
whether it was cooked in a chili or not.
Wendy's continues to fully cooperate
with local police and health authorities
to determine the source of a partial finger.
It's important for us to find out the truth of the statement.
But Ayala and her attorney, Jeffrey Janoff,
says that that's not enough.
I think that's a good start.
He said about Wendy's statement, about cooperating with all officials.
But obviously, something slipped through to put it lightly,
a little play on words.
There's something slipped through her.
And this is a strict liability type of case.
It's a product liability case.
And a consumer doesn't expect to find body parts in their food.
Yeah, right.
Like when you're eating hot dogs, you don't expect to find body parts in the idea.
I thought that's what it's made out of.
Right. That's my point.
Like noses.
Oh, here you go.
The Reverend Jerry Falwell hospitalized today for an underscore's medical problem.
Oh, all right.
I continue.
He's in the hospital and he is resting.
That's all I know.
It's Jessica Tucker of Jerry Falwell Ministries in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Coveman Dreads, you said.
What does that mean?
The hospitalization was his second this year.
He's treated Lynch for a general for 13 days in late February and early March,
while battling pneumonia.
Yeah, it's probably a gig conspiracy.
And then probably put the hex on him.
It put the whammy on.
Is it really the way?
Yeah.
Those.
Gay, which is the Wiccons.
1213 at 560 WQAM, even after all these years, we've been raving about dial amatris and what a great deal.
It is all the way around.
I have to leave your house and sit there and make one easy call order.
I'm at first over the phone.
There are some of you out there who don't get it.
You're just nervous about buying a bed over the phone.
Well, it's easy.
It's a piece of cake.
When you call 1-800-Matris, the number for dial amatris, you're fine.
I think I've got the most level exchange policy.
So there is positively.
Absolutely.
No risk.
Did you know that 1-800-Matris has got more repeat customers than anybody else in the universe?
So once you tried, I guarantee you, I'll bet you Greg Wings' life on it.
You'll never go back to a showroom or department store and waste your time and money again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-around, no showroom shenanigans just factory direct prices.
On the best brands, you know, and trust.
When you call 1-800-Matris, you'll be calling the company right, Numerow Uno.
Number one in customer satisfaction.
And as far as brand names are concerned, whatever you like, they got it.
They got Sealy and Surtre and King Cora and Simmons and Temperbidic and Stirrence and Banana Sposter 2.
And now dial amatris offers you no payments or interest till 2006.
So what do you got to lose all the way around?
It's a winning deal.
Call dial amatris today for all the details.
And of course, you still get that two-hour delivery window too.
That's unbeatable.
You're as truly George, Moell, McGail, Fatboy, all the kinds of people at QM are satisfied customers.
And I guarantee you will be too.
Call them right now, toll free 1-800-Matris or log on to their website,
macriss.com for a stupendous night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MATTRES.
NEO-RUGERS.
Exclusive lane.
516-2-A-L.
NEO-GOY.
I'm dying out of here.
You failed.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I think Racist is a very good point.
But I haven't been so great
and that's what we're all waiting for.
where the White River Terry just go to heaven, right?
And the fact that it matters is they know better
than that bullcrap, okay?
They talk a lot of crap.
Oh, the Lord is waiting up there and have any wants,
Terry, now yeah.
Right?
Jesse Jackson just went on CNN a couple of minutes ago
during our break and rambled on the most
in coherent bunch of double talk,
which basically what he said is here,
I'm here because the cameras are rolling.
That's basically why he's there.
Yeah.
Oh no, well he's against Congress,
so he doesn't disagree with the majority of the people.
He's against Congress trying to override the courts.
So he's very much against that,
but it'll be, oh we got to help Terry
and what we really have to do is craft policy
for the future, but we got to help Terry.
Just a lot of double talk, but it'll be,
but it'll be about, give me some of that Reverend Cash,
huh?
Some of that Reverend Money.
That's my favorite line in that bid.
Give me some of that Reverend Money, right?
It's good money.
Yeah.
Oh, it sure is tax-free, no less.
Speaking of good Christians, by the way,
with Terry Shavo's life-waining,
the focus of this political and legal drama
shifts back to another key figure
in the most emotional and angry of cases,
Pinellas County Circuit judge George Greer.
He's the Florida jurist originally ruled five years ago
that the brain damage Shavo,
who had been a persistent vegetative state for 10 years,
had no hope for recovery in that her feeding tube
could not be removed.
That could be removed.
Actually, it's interesting in this article,
they left the word,
Q out of there.
Is that incredible or what?
That must be symbolic.
Had no hope for recovery in that her feeding,
Q could be removed.
On Saturday was he who delivered
what could be likely the final ruling
that Terry should be allowed to die
against the wishes of her parents
and majority of house and center members
in a cadre of dedicated rights-to-life activists.
How many of them were there?
About 30, man.
And maybe 40.
Greer is a conservative,
a Baptist or Republican,
a no-grandstander.
One friend calls him a plodder.
The judge has such bad vision,
he has to memorize proclamation
to can't read anything further than a footer to away.
It is very much in the sights of a sometimes violent movement
who most ardent followers have advocated
and an occasion carried out,
the murder of their opponents,
including abortion providers.
The judge and his family are now reportedly surrounded
by armed guards.
Greer is married, has two grown sons.
Protesters have appeared to his clear water home.
The FBI arrested North Carolina Maniac,
then put a $50,000 bounty on the head of a judge in the case.
The Associated Press said,
however official it didn't name the judge,
but you can only imagine.
The county commission installed a special computer
to handle the 100,000 emails the court got over last week,
supposing the judge's rulings.
The tone is very hateful,
Ron Stewart, a court spokesman told the press.
People claim to be Christian,
but the things they're wishing on people
are not very Christian sounding.
How do you like that?
Not a shot.
Not a shot.
Judge Greer had it withdraw his membership
in clear water's Calvary Baptist Church two years ago.
After the church paper printed stories attacking him.
More recently, Penelope voters received postcards,
asking them whether they suffered from voters
or more so for re-electing Greer.
Other postcards accused him of judicial murder.
The judge's home address went up on the internet
and dead flowers arrived at his door.
A friend wanted to go to lunch with Greer,
but reported that the bodyguards wouldn't let him go.
There were very few people who have shown the will
to stand up to raw power states in university,
law professor Michael Allen told the AP.
He is one.
This is simply a case of people not liking his decision
and the fact that a judge is standing up
for this is quite important.
He said, this weekend, Greer rejected arguments
by Bob and Mary Shiveau.
Another name is in Shiveau.
Shindla, Terry's current,
that their daughter had tried to say,
I want to live.
But where does this article from?
Well, the village voice.
Well, they're probably a busy gay stuff.
There was stuff like that.
Anyway, judge Greer rejected arguments
by the shinlers that their daughter had tried to say,
I want to live before feeding two was removed March 18.
See, I keep going off of that thing
and then it comes back again.
They argue that she made sounds and wow.
When asked to repeat the phrase.
And that was coming from Orlando.
There was Eric doing that.
Is that what he made?
Yeah, something like that.
Greer was firm.
All of the credible medical evidence this court
has received over the last five years.
Chris suggested Shiveau was not cognitively aware,
he ruled, and the past doctor said her utterances
were involuntary moans consistent with those of someone
in a vegetative state like Florida.
In form that Greer had turned them not again,
Bob Schindler said sarcastically,
he did great surprise.
The Shindlers have tried to give Greer a thrown off the case,
but have failed.
That goes on and on about the death threats,
all of these very nice things.
From these good Christian people.
And Eric was just, he Jackson was
that an hour ago, standing there side by each
with Randall Terry, that is,
and it's just unconscionable.
It's unbelievable is what it is.
Oh, unacceptable, huh?
When you have no conscience.
Yeah, that's right.
And it's a questionable thing.
When you're just a rubbing a hormone
you're like he is, that's all he is.
Just give me the money.
Give me some of that Reverend money.
Tax free.
So Jerry Falwell may be on a way out.
Oh, boy.
You know who done it?
God.
Tinky Winky.
Oh.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
26th pass, no.
What is the thing that's flying along today, man?
Before you know it will be Moha or David time.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Ah.
How is Troy Stratford doing, by the way?
I think he's ever going to get any copy for any of his accounts.
About it.
You know, not that he's a broadcaster.
How is Stiffy doing?
You know, I never saw him come back.
What ought to be a manager somewhere?
Remember, we got that story.
Stiffy.
Not skippy, sticky.
Stiffy.
Stiffy, oh, and our salesman, we're still.
I don't see him in the room.
Oh.
Anyway, I'll tell you, some people
you ought to see like once a year
and you're a homo, that's the experts from drag concepts.
I've been doing it for over 20 years
in a variety of different houses and believe you me.
Every time they show up, it's the same miracle
right on the floor.
I'm not a big miracle believer,
but when drag concepts finishes cleaning your carpets,
you will actually shake your head in an amazement
and disbelief that anybody could make maybe even some hopeless look
and carpets looked just like you had brand new laid run on your floor.
Nobody does it better.
Nobody else in the world has that exclusive pen
to drag cleaning method.
And nobody uses that rapid drying technique
so your carpets are dry in just an hour and a half.
You really can clean today and party like a wild animal tonight.
Whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, your draper,
your expensive oriental and area rugs,
these are the folks you want to call it.
Don't forget no ripoffs, no scams,
no games, they give you a guaranteed written price up front
before they start the job.
What's not to like?
Call them toll free if I can get you to use them the first time
you're using them forever like I have.
And they'd route into Palm Beach's 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071,
or on the wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
Dry concepts making carpets clean in soft photos since 1979.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
And it's closing today on 560-60-8-8-M.
It's day-oh, if I am a child.
Why?
I have 560-WQ-A-L.
Well, I'm Jerry Paul Will on the ride hands of God.
And when I woke up today, I put my TV on
and instead of taping me or CNN,
I saw a purple creature with a gaze sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down, try angle purple pinky wiki.
Up, down, down, try angle purple pinky wiki.
Up, down, try angle purple pinky wiki.
Hey, tell us everything.
Where, just when I thought things couldn't get worse,
I noticed he was carrying a little purse now.
How can they call this a children's show?
I love these pencils, but I have a brown hole.
He has a rough track, that time,
a purple pinky wiki.
Up, down, down, try angle purple pinky wiki.
I want to try your back.
A purple pinky wiki, gay tell us everything.
We're well, most about Frisk and Tiger's heart to believe.
But on the tell us of his honey is a TV screen.
It had a purple track.
It's straight at least that was blowing an eye
through the whole entertainment.
I bet you liked that instant editing there.
That was pretty good.
Of course, you should show a number one if you have a good memory.
You can stick that in the appropriate spot.
Number two, if we had somebody editing these things out
and putting little things in there, we wouldn't have to do that.
We'd sit on Prince of Needles, Ryan, Del Ray Dan.
That's Tamarack Tom.
I think I heard us some really fantastic bits.
I may have to cut a deal with him.
Is he on the Bob and Tom show?
Yeah, Tamarack.
No, he did that's Vokabob.
Vokabob and Tamarack Tom.
A month after battling pneumonia, the Reverend Jerry Fala
was hospitalized again today for an underscores medical problem
as ministry said.
To which we say, oh, yeah, hubman-draared, man.
I continue to the hospital.
He's resting.
That's all I know.
It's Jessica Tucker of his ministries.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
It was the second emission to Lisburg General Hospital
of this year, 13 days in February, early March.
For a time, he was on a ventilator.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
Time to pull the chew.
I remember in Fala well when I think fat push.
And I have a sports fan, Fala,
met the trip to Chattanooga, Tennessee on Saturday
for the third round of the NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament.
Oh, women's basketball.
Liberty University's team ended his postseason run
in a 90-48 loss to topsy that LSU, 90-48.
That's enough to make you pull it chew right there.
He'd also been in a crowd in March 22nd
when the Liberty Women Meet the Beat to Paul 88-79
in his second round in college Park, Maryland.
How do you like that?
Too much mucket around when I'm basketball, Zere.
Chew!
That's the problem.
Oh-ho.
I'm squeezing my kneecaps.
I'm so excited about the positive rosaries there.
Huh?
I'm doing the rosary.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's give them the last rights.
What do you say?
No.
560, 7.0560, 0.560, and even rising in singular.
And of course, the media people,
you media lunatics, every time any insurers comes up like this,
who do we always see the same old suspects?
There is Jerry Fallwell, there's Jesse Jackson,
as if they have something to do with any of this.
Who cares what they have to say?
It's so predictable anyway.
Well, they're ethicists.
No, they're not.
They're just brave robbers as wealthier.
They're just handlers, and they want some of that,
that Reverend Murray.
Yeah.
Give me some of that Reverend Money, baby.
560, 7.0560, 0.560, and even rising in singular.
And one guy who was a stern listener,
who started listening to show and stern was on the station,
during those fateful months, and he's still listening.
That was it.
He's probably the only one.
Deputy QAM, hello.
That's Anthony.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Yes.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wonder if Congress really had to interact together instead of trying to keep Shive of Alive.
Why don't they enact legislation so that human beings could be put down
with the same mercy and kindness that you would an animal with as no quality of life?
Oh, you think that this country is going to tolerate that?
You think Asia? Are you dreaming, man?
You must be dreaming.
Well, why does an animal treat it better than a human?
Well, the animal doesn't have a soul man, you see?
Oh, what do you have?
In addition, which the animal can't speak to the animal is not making the decision.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, you're welcome.
Like I said, the animals are going to have a man who's going to hell.
I mean, make up whatever you want.
It's all a pile of crap, anyway.
I read that.
How come you can't have me like I had both my dogs put to sleep?
Oh, you've mastered you, huh?
Yeah, well, it was that time.
You know, the spirit of the Mayhorbal Wicked Grotesque Painful Death.
It was that time.
But America doesn't deal well with death.
We're always in denial.
Even though the religion is, which is most America will tell you,
life is just a pile of crap.
The good stuff comes after death, you know, like the Muslims with their seven virgin
or all that other garbage that's going on up there, down there, wherever they're going.
Right?
Absolutely.
Now, nobody, did you say,
Absolutely.
Nobody in its right mind really believes that crap.
So that even though, you know, for public consumption, they'll say all of these things.
All of these things.
The fact is that they know when push comes to shove, nobody can go to heaven and go.
You know, the soul ain't going up there, down there.
That's it.
They put you in a box.
Bye-bye.
And you're, that's the end.
You live, you die, you're born, you live, you die.
That's it.
Very simple.
Is there anything complicated about that?
No.
Only the fairy tales that men have made up.
Because most people are emotional cripples and they can't face death.
Just like Friday, when our numbers come out, we'll be, you know, big men about it, right?
Right.
What else?
We can handle it.
I mean, we might whip her a little bit and say,
I'm dying out of here.
But nevertheless, we know it's coming.
Right, grow.
Was it good?
Yeah, that's right.
Woo!
Like that.
When I was number, in fact, I bet she was going to be a lot of moaning and growing that building
when they see those numbers come out Friday.
Woo!
That's the way it goes.
You will reap what you have sewn.
You will sew what you have and why did we reap?
Well, Judge and Michael Jackson's Chamonization Trail ruled yesterday that prosecution may
present testimony about past allegations against the pop star, including five boys, including two who
reached multi-million-dollar civil settlements with a singer.
Superior Court Judge Rodney Herman Melville ruled after hearing arguments by D.A. Tom Stedden and vigorous opposition
by defense attorney Tom Whitehair Messero, Jr.
The judge said he would allow testimony about alleged sexual offenses and alleged counter of grooming or preparing
the boys from all of the station.
Like with that Jesus Jews.
The prosecution had sought to introduce testimony about seven boys, but the judge declined to rely
evidence about two.
The judge said he would allow testimony by a 90 accuser who received two point four million
dollar settlement from Jackson and testimony by that boy's mother.
By the way, the 93 settlement, he paid 20 million.
Were you aware of that?
Yes, yes.
Now, it's interesting how the family, because they don't want off that gravy train, the family has all, you know, rushed to his side now,
like Latoya, for example.
That damn bag, I can't stand it.
Now, you must have that cart there, because, you know, she already was on a couple of years ago,
going on about, they all knew that he had those little boys near and she found all those canceled checks in his room,
all these multi-million-dollar payoffs he made of the families of all these little kids he'd molested, and she kept saying,
That damn bag, I can't stand it.
But now, she's singing a different tune, and Janet's singing a different tune, and Daddy, old Shulis, Joe Jackson there,
he's singing a different tune, and Mommy, and what's the other, the brother, the ugly brother, germane?
Germane, he's germane to the case.
All sing a different tune, because they don't want to lose that gravy train, speaking of animals, man, speaking of dogs.
They don't want to lose that gravy train.
He's the meal ticket, right?
Right.
Although not so much no more, he told Jesse, though, that all of it.
Those lies are just, eat that, broke, just to much allies, just to discredit him, just like he did with all these black luminaries.
I mean, when you think about black luminaries, don't you always think, you don't think about Martin Luther King, Jr., or Nelson Mandela, people like that, or Barack Obama,
you think of Michael Jackson, he's a real luminary, right?
Well, he compared himself with Nelson Mandela there, that is correct.
By the way, got that card.
Oh, look sure.
My mother is very much aware of all the children that were there, all the boys have stayed there, and she is the one who always said that Michael, excuse my expression, but he's a faggot, and she would say that damn faggot, I can't stand him.
Just cut it out now.
Maybe she said, you're fairer.
Something like that, you think?
Twenty-till-one.
Just remember, boys and girls, all your people out there, what you see is now what you get.
It's all a, you know, it's done with mirrors.
It's all a big dog and pony show, especially on television.
Don't let me give it.
Howard Beale was right, man.
I don't have to give you any truth.
They'll penalty any crap you want to hear, and they'll tell you what you ought to care about, what you ought to be whipped up into with friends you about.
Even though you couldn't give a flying crap about it, I couldn't care about Terry Shival less.
I couldn't care less what they do.
Take the tubes, stick the tube, eat the tube, lick the tube.
I don't care what they do, you know?
In fact, remember the Howard Beale speech when they're at the same speech?
You eat like a tube, you dress like a tube, you know.
Same thing.
I don't care.
You really care?
No, not at all.
They're going on for 15 freaking years already.
Let the broad die already.
They were all going to see her on my TV.
Oh my God.
And I don't know what they're doing.
Those tapes they're showing, I don't know what they're misleading, but they're old.
They're older than the fuselage.
They're four or five years old, those tapes.
Oh no, but we saw her eyes were moving.
She was following the balloon.
19 to one at 560 WDQM.
Hey, follow the yellow brick road right over to Brandy's shoes and Palmito Beach.
You've got an unbeatable combination of Brandy's.
I don't care where else you go.
You're not going to get this kind of a deal.
I've got professional sales people that give you a friendly personal service
to make sure you get a perfect fit every time, no matter which style you pick out.
They got the best selection, the biggest selection of men's and women's name brand shoes,
anywhere in the area, and the best prices in town period.
This is simple as that.
What could possibly be not to like?
All the top quality names in the shoe business they've got at Brandy's like rock ports.
SAS, Floreshime, Spirit, Timberland Nationalizer, all the other top names too.
And Brandy's is open every day of the week for it to their open Monday through Saturday from 9 in the morning
to 9 a.m.
And every Sunday 10 to 5.
Brandy's is in the same great location they've been taking good care of your feet for years and years.
1290, North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach.
And this week is a great time for you ladies to buy naturalizers because this week at Brandy's
take 30% off on all great women's naturalizer styles this week.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or visit them and do your shopping online at BrandySews.com.
Join us into Neil Rogers and the school is in place for on 5.66 a.m.
at UAM.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
