Speaking of whom, what was that thing that's brutal? Who came up with that? What rocket science
came up with every joint?
That is pathetic.
But nevertheless it's probably one of our rocket sciences, like I said.
Yeah.
The station's crawling with them.
Yes, it's crawling with something.
How are things today?
We need an exterminator.
It's nice today so far, great.
Son of Shion's looking really nice.
How about Michael Jackson?
You know who had a great comment about that?
Jay Leno said, I wonder how Martha Stewart feels right now.
Right.
She made one lousy phone call to her brother.
Brother Blake takes a walk.
OJ takes a walk.
Yes, Freak takes a walk.
And she spent time in the slumber.
So he's an up and E rich bitch.
And then there was Letterman's line.
Yeah, that's what she went to jail.
Saddam would like to have his trauma.
This is the animal reacal.
Anywhere in California.
Where they never convict anybody famous.
It's just pathetic.
And then the worst part of the whole deal is, I mean, the media, I just can't take him anymore.
I think I will lose my mind to put me in a rubber room if I pay any attention to American media anymore.
They're just crazy people.
And all these idiots coming on out.
Wow, can he resurrect his career?
And can he do this?
And he's trying to...
Or this, this really frosts my ass.
And in the world of...
Post trial press conference with the entire jury and even the alternates.
And the one, the jury number one there who was on last night, he says,
Oh, well, I have no doubt that he molested boys over the time.
I mean, he slept with a one-cut 365 nights.
But they just couldn't prove it in this case.
Well, that's nice.
Yeah.
Yeah, lovely.
I wonder when his next sleepover is going to be.
And oh, yeah, well, they asked Thomas Mesero that this morning.
And he said, well, he's not going to be conducting things this same way.
In other words, it's going to be more discreet.
And they're going to have to like sign...
The parents are going to have to like sign a contract, they...
Whatever, an uncompete or something like that.
Yeah.
Who knows what it's going to be?
Bill Kamal, an uncompete.
Yeah, right.
I don't think he can compete with that one.
Bill likes him a little bit older, I think.
You know, like a 9 or 10.
Oh, well.
Very sad.
Very tragic.
Another piece of Americana, man.
And then...
Did you see the jury?
Yeah.
Now, how would you like to have your life on the line with that bunch?
Well, what a bunch of idiots.
First of all, the one...
The chubby abroad with the real ruddy cheeks.
They said that every time a celebrity came in the courtroom,
that she was like, Gaga eyes, who were just going nuts,
and that she kept like winking at this one and that one...
Yeah, who's the wix...
Who's the wix...
How does a prosecutor allow that to happen?
Exactly.
And then the two punks on there, the two young guys,
who I don't know, even should have rolled enough to be on a jury.
What was that all about?
They looked like the idiots outside and at the crowd.
And speaking of crowd,
oh, and the big crowd is a four...
There couldn't have been like more than 50 people out there.
And then by the time the thing was over, maybe a hundred.
And then over there, it never land.
There were like maybe 40 or 50 people.
Oh, hundreds of screaming supporters.
What are they talking about?
It reminds me of the alien thing,
when there were like ten people standing at 79th and disgain
by the INS office.
And channel...
Whichever channel was, I think it was ten.
It's on here.
Oh, and the crowds are massing out here in protest.
There were like 15 people out there.
Yeah.
The media really does...
They're killing America.
The media just a bunch of whores, grave robbers, they're lunatics.
They're crazy people.
I see now where a couple of actresses have gotten together
and they're trying to get some tougher laws passed against the paparazzi that stalk them.
I'll tell you what we have to have a lawn.
That is against Nancy Gracebeen on the year.
Oh, yeah. Where did she come from?
I have...
You know what she is?
She's another Larry King creator.
I sure am a great person.
First, he invented Ross Perot.
Now he invented this bit.
She's just everywhere.
She's got...
She's got shows on channels that haven't been invented yet.
I saw her the other night on Larry King.
I was just running through the dials.
And I didn't...
That's the first time I had ever seen her.
Oh, brother.
Well, that's phony, southern draw.
Thank you, Fran.
Thank you, Fran.
So much, Fran.
And the interesting part of it is the ironic part.
I was watching as soon as the bulletin came on.
I clipped over to court TV.
And of course, there she was with that phony actor.
Her is in Diane Diamond and this one.
All these regulars they've had on for weeks.
And all of a sudden, I really dark out.
It started thundering here and lightning and storming.
And it knocked...
It was really about...
The judge at this point, to give it the timeline.
The judge is opening the envelopes and he's reading the jury's verdict.
And all of a sudden, court TV, my cable gets knocked off the hearing.
It was just fantastic.
So I switched over to MSNBC.
But it was just such fantastic timing was great.
Well, I was not into that trial.
I just waited for the verdict.
I didn't want to know what the verdict was going to be.
Could it be possibly any doubt?
I mean, I had the story from the inquireer long before the trial ever started about the Jesus juice.
Month before I was a screaming about that on the air.
I wasn't the inquireer, I was no secret.
And about his little villa behind the Mirage Arthur in Vegas.
Well, it's big in the Vegas.
Now Steve Winn says,
Oh, he wants to bring Michael into have make him a regular.
Like Wayne Newton at one of his casinos in Vegas.
Isn't that great?
That was Donald Trump.
And that's right, it was Trump who said that.
They're already in Trump's.
Trump's a Trump.
They're going to open a new casino where the frontier is.
Yeah.
And they were going to feature Michael Jackson.
But they've backtracked from that now.
They got so much bad press over it that they decided that they would withdraw from the Michael Jackson.
Oh, he means kind of like when 940 was going to give OJ his own show every day.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Same kind of thing.
Oh, I guess not.
Disponsions are kind of like upset.
I can't imagine why.
All right.
Well, maybe he could have he could do the infomercials for Ron Popeel's knife set.
Huh?
They could sell against who knives on that show would be good.
I remember when he said those demonstrations.
The knife demonstrations.
Right.
How they can slice your cabbage?
Yeah.
Exactly.
OJ would love to have one of those.
In fact, right in by George's there, there's that old machete sitting on it.
Donald Trump.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Every time a building comes any run.
Oh.
Well, listen, have a great day or two days.
A lot of things you're going to lose too much today.
There's not much going on, too.
There's a, I leave for Louisville.
Well, what's that?
I'll be a church or the Stephen Foster on Saturday.
Oh, give me a break.
My life in racing.
Oh, brother.
I never even heard of that race.
What is that?
It's a stakes for older words.
It's used to be out of town.
Good thinking.
It's a, well, I'm getting paid.
It's a stakes for older words.
I didn't notice who we got on Friday, George.
What?
Don't cut.
Don't cut.
Don't cut.
Don't cut.
Wow.
What a treat that'll be.
All right.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Okay.
Have a great day.
You too.
Win a bundle.
Yeah.
Goodbye.
Yes, it's this.
A new top of a name.
It's on my child.
Oh.
My life says it's worth white hair.
What's all your fairy?
Because I've been looking around.
When it's used to play my quest.
You can't recognize me.
My dog does have leached out my ethnicity.
And I keep children from.
And then take me inside my bed.
That's it.
He's all saving I am getting.
That is why I'm having a dream from the dream.
It's great to lay to come and stay with this song.
That sweet dance.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Grain it on my child.
And all of those toys that I never had.
You'll meet me.
I'll show it my life.
What my child, I'll be your sister.
Happy Friday, Joe.
Let me fall for you, Josh.
And call me free.
Let me find a place.
That's great.
I believe in all my child.
That's great.
It's been on 7560 WQM2.
They June 14.
It looks like to me.
These days they're just zooming right along.
Before we know it's going to be Friday June 20th.
Whatever it is.
Here's a fact that says I thought this take on a Michael Jackson verdict.
It might be a good read for you.
I thought it summed up the whole mess quite well.
MSNBC.msn.com.
Slash ID.
Slime better than a bunch of numbers.
Yeah, a lot of times.
Okay, if I get around to it, I'll check it out.
Probably won't.
But thanks anyway.
Okay, let's see.
Let's take things out of order today.
We got Alexa on a beaten curtain.
We got three pictures of Alexa who's just some chick.
That sounds like a hooker to me, Alexa.
Okay, or a toolbox.
She probably drives Alexa's.
But anyway, there she is.
Alexa and our beaten curtain is only nine days away.
Nine from history.
Yeah.
And so the good news is that Georgian Josh got their flavor away
of ovens yesterday.
All right.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Yeah, I'm going to use it tonight.
Are you really?
I said it over last night.
Good.
You said it up?
Yeah.
It's on your right now.
That thing will be you will use it every day of your life.
You may say I'm going to be exaggerating a little bit, but it's probably not.
Probably not?
No.
Or why not?
I use the formin pretty much every day.
So that's going to be my substitute.
Yeah.
So anyway, here's the first poll we took yesterday.
We sneak to Michael Jacksonpool and they're after that nauseating verdict.
Yeah.
How is this possible?
You know, how can the prosecutors be so incompetent?
The DA is all over California.
What is that all about?
They picked a wrong case.
The 24-year-old, what is he?
Sunday school, Deacon or whatever the hell is other kid is yet?
Who got molested?
Who is his really white?
Who's got, I mean, he hasn't got a pimple on his record.
And he testified that he was molested by Michael Jackson.
So they don't bring that case to trial.
They bring this with a slimeball family of compulsive liars.
But see, Michael Jackson wasn't on trial here.
The mother was on trial.
The kid a little bit, but mostly the mother, your mama.
And like the one bitch jurors said, oh, when she started snapping her fingers at me,
I thought to myself, don't you snap your fingers at me, you bitch, you slut.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what they were thinking.
They hated her from the beginning.
You're good, man.
You brought you more.
Yeah, there you go.
So that was what was on trial.
Or not the fact that we got a crazed pedophile who is, believe me, isn't going to change.
Pedophiles don't change.
His taste for little boys is going to continue to be the same.
It's only going to be the modest operandi that's going to be different.
And of course, the television people, all these 80 million, this cast of 80 million lunatics,
hyperventilating last night in this morning, they conveniently overlooked many, many things.
But the testimony that wasn't really made very, very public because it was a little bit too,
a grotesque and a little bit too blue for what's going on in America these days.
Yeah.
About the vacillation, how he had one of the employees, he was in the sauna with this kid that was, uh, that brought the charges.
And they caused him to bring the jar, go up to the house and get the big jar of vacillation,
the giant economy size, and bring it down.
And he brings the jar of vacillation there.
Michael comes out in his pajamas and they, and obviously, aroused state.
See, this is a 46 year old man who doesn't date women who had two sham marriages,
which, you know, anybody with a brain knows that, who didn't father any kids and never will.
Now, you tell me that 46 year old man is a sexual or he just has no, this is bullcrap.
Oh, I mean, the most beautiful thing you can do to share your bed with little boys.
Yeah, right.
It's beautiful.
Right.
Cookies and milk and porno and Jesus' dues.
What's not to like?
Right.
Sounds like a party to me.
We asked yesterday before we get into this crap, who best fits this description?
Somebody in the old trashes I like a lot.
You know why I left off at air?
Curstie Alley.
You think he, she got any votes?
No.
No.
That's why I like it.
No, but I'll pay for it.
Yeah.
I saw her on a spot.
No, I didn't see a spot.
I was channeled surfing last night.
I saw like five seconds of that show.
Fat pig.
What is it called?
Yeah, fat pig.
Fat pig in a bathtub.
Oh my God.
Just slap that hog, man.
Slap it.
Slap it and then slap it a little bit.
Anyway, Bill Marr 242.
They just love Bill Marr.
Why don't you go ahead?
I can't stand him.
He's a little trippy guy.
It makes me nauseous.
He's just a silly person.
Anna Crona Covea 194.
George W.
129.
7.4% of this audience still doesn't get it.
You're still not on to it.
Steely Dan 122.
Believe you me.
They're well.
Not only out of gas.
They're out of steam.
Randy Rhodes 117.
What?
Pink Floyd 103.
They sure steam me.
Phil Henry 91.
Are you sure?
Terry Seinfeld 75.
Galaday 72.
He'll be on fire when we have a little verbal intercourse with Gilday.
72 for the A Little Squeaker.
Jimmy Buffett 60.
And Moharah Davidan 60.
D-D-D-D-Dolly.
You know, maybe something.
And what's that for song?
Jimmy Buffett sings?
T. Berger and what?
Paradise.
Paradise.
So that's why they're right there side by age.
Jimmy Buffett and a mole man.
60 apiece.
Found next.
52.
Al Franken Fitty.
Mel Gibson 43.
D-439.
D-4 in the Corn Man.
The Probe 35.
Paul Ron 34.
Ira Windbag 23.
Rick Wiley 23.
He's speaking of Windbag.
Spencer Tracy 22.
Will Smith 18.
Joseph Gackie 18.
And of course we know.
Joseph Gackie 18.
Stuck.
James Taylor 17.
He's seen fire and he's seen rain.
And I hope I never hear his songs again.
Whoopi Goldberg 14.
Bill Schpilke's in the Ray 12.
Bill O'Reilly 12.
Dave Ann Boring 11.
The Big O whose rock solid.
10.
Wreslin Bahten.
Miss Drudge has got six.
You fairy.
You fairy.
You fairy.
Rick Stance has five Dick Clark 3 and Rich Waltz.
Wait down there in the bottom two.
So they're on to him too, believe me.
It's better the fact that Fetchy and Jim Surnick don't want to write about it.
They're on to Rich Waltz and they realize what I've said about him is true.
He couldn't announce his way out of a paper bag.
Marlon's kicked some ass in Chicago.
I see you last night, John.
That's good.
That's right.
It's a little overdue.
10.
13.
A QAN.
Holy Makinah.
This is Joe Bore on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Goode.
Oh, it follows and gets thanks and praise to God.
And say a prayer that Michael Jackson will have the ability and strength to moonwalk his way to justice.
It is my hope that Michael Natsoffer, the complication of condemnation, the agonization of accusation, the inspiration without the intimidation,
let us instead implement rationalization, not segregation for reconciliation and re-examination and reabound waiting.
A reconsideration for the balanceation, a classification of presentation and callation and misappropriation of allization for Michael.
I will answer your questions now.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
What did you say?
Oh, yeah.
They dragged him out there again, man.
He was on it.
How many times I started in this morning?
About 30, man.
Oh, brother.
The media is sick and they've caught the admin.
And he's sitting there giving like a lecture on morality.
How do you like that?
A restor of father of the year, all over the country.
Just amazing to me.
I want to pray that the whole show that they show up.
The media is sick and they've caught the admin.
In fact, I'm thinking maybe the whole rest of the week.
The media is sick and they've caught the admin.
You listen to the American media, man.
You're bringing a wonder of other public has just turned a jello.
Here's the poll we sneak in there.
276 votes at about an hour this morning.
Not too shabby.
I want to have whatever the hell it was.
Why did Michael Jackson get acquitted?
Here's what you be saying.
The accusers family had no credibility.
No, Schmidt.
121.
California can't convict celebrities.
Also correct.
73.
I don't give a sith.
43.
Well, good for you.
And let me just before we'd the rest of the poll.
Brian Williams on the NBC Nightly News last night.
At the end of the newscast, came out with a little commentary,
which I thought was refreshing.
And he went through this thing about the since this Jackson trial
started, we had the tsunami in Asia.
We've had the total of, I forget how many more, 1300 more American troops died in a
Racken Afghanistan since the trial started.
And he went through this whole list of incredibly important things that are going on.
He said, and he apologized for what he called excessive coverage of the thing.
And thank goodness it's over and we can get back to real news.
Nice go on, Brian.
So even though he has got that bizarre face, I'm still going to continue watching NBC Nightly News by default.
I'm sure I'm watching that old man Bob Sheefish on the CBS.
And of course, ABC don't have a guy because Peter Jennings is busy dying.
So that's it.
Prosecution case was very week 20.
The jury was star struck 13.
And that also was a correct answer, released with a couple of men.
That, that, oh, that trailer trasher bitch.
Wow.
And he was innocent only, only six.
Oh, only 2% say he was innocent.
How do you like that?
So we know he's a pedophile.
We know he's a travel Lister.
We know he applies these, and we know he'd be applying the kids with Jesus Jews.
And then he's applying them there, where they're his pliers.
But you know, this was the wrong case at the wrong time.
That's something that's something.
Isn't that what they were saying during the election?
Wasn't that the line that kept saying this was the wrong word the wrong time and wrong candidate?
That was that I'm a credit problem.
It was the wrong candidate the wrong time.
Oh, it was a, that's the end of.
They specialize in that.
Oh, I'm waiting for the creative breath.
I'll make sure I'm out of the country then.
Oh, that's right.
Now, Bob exploded today outside of Bank of the Northern City of Kirk Hook in Iraq.
Things are going swimmingly well over there.
Oh, we're fine.
I mean, 19 more people, including pensioners waiting for checks and child street vendors.
What's a good thing?
Ham and Roth, wasn't there?
Isn't that when he was a pensioner just living on a whatever, just a retiree.
Right.
In fact, the bodies of 24 men's playing in ambushes were brought to a hospital.
Well, a lot of people to a hospital.
I mean, they're all dead.
Well, that's what they go anyway.
They have to base me.
Oh, a suicide car, a bomber, also ran this vehicle into an Iraqi army checkpoint,
killing five soldiers there, wounded two others in a town.
About 30 miles.
About 30 men.
North of Baghdad.
Two civilians were also wounded there.
And it just goes on.
And on.
It's not a day that goes by that we don't have this murderous bloodshed in Mayhem.
And when a bomba grande over here, and when a bomba pecania over there.
And it just goes on.
But let's get to the important story.
Okay, I'll wait in my first.
Here's the pool today.
Sure we'll get some calls on this.
And we'll get them in there.
See, I could have just taken TV guide and taken all the shows they're on right now.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
They're right away.
Ileg just woke up.
Ileg just woke up.
He's got departments.
He's got departments.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Not there. These are the just overwhelmed. They're in fact probably most of our audience they would like to be out there at Neverland
Ravily.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello
in that small crowd of misfits
Yes, this is for the poll. Yeah. Yeah. I would like to vote please if a good
24 the best show on TV right now. What is this man saying and also I have a word for deal on Nancy Gray. Yeah
She is rabbit. His woman is insane and I found out what you have been crazy. I can understand this guy
I said like he's got a he's going through a big you what do you say what's showing and distorted Nancy Gray
Says rabbit in the time that is 24. Oh 24 excuse me. I never seen that show. I'm missing something good everybody
I have never seen it either. I want to see it from the beginning everyone says it's great really yeah
Well, there you go 24 let's get that on her right away. I bet you I know how many votes it's gonna get you think 24
About 30 man. He's also from the facts. Yeah, Daily Show and South Park the Daily Show and South Park two excellent choices
I don't want you to want them but two very good choices
Michael Jackson has asked the judge in his trial for permission to speak out about his alleged mistreatment at the hands of the set of Barbara police department
It was on for them. They've been from my worm cozy
California King bed while I was watching we runs up mighty more from color Rangers
They stormed my mansion like I was sadam was saying
They were calling the horrible names like hey you and stop running and
Sit right there
I tried to defend myself by saying I am rubber and you are glue and whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you
But it did not stop them
They spit my mouth all over my furry white bunny slippers and smash my bubble making machine to smithereens
They tried to keep them out of my secret room by throwing pixie stick dust in their eyes
But they kept coming it was a nightmare
Why are the police allowed to treat people this way?
I am an outstanding citizen who wants only to have his privacy and an occasional sleep over the theme party
Who should say my guest didn't want to play the popular party game? What's in my pocket?
That is my business and the business of the family's defense attorney not the police
I have bruises on my new nose and red mark on my butt thoughts
Though that's not from the police
They shackled my wrist and shoved the bushy ball into my mouth and said
Sad actually maybe that was a dream I had last night
Never mind so please please people you need not be roughions or say nasty things to me
Sticks and storms may break my elephant man bones, but names they also hurt me
It's a 1033 he innocent man. He didn't do nothing and here I equated Michael Jackson yesterday
I'm lasting a 13 year old cancer survivor. It is neverland ranch
Exonerating the pop star who insisted he was the victim of mother and son-carned artists and a prosecutor with a vendetta
jurors also quit it Jackson getting the boy drunk and conspiring to imprison his accuser in the boys family
It's a story book estate. I think you just wanted a vacillant because the door of the sauna was like the hinges were a little rusty
And that what it was that's what it was
A totally go victory, but one that may do a little to improve his bizarre image
It says here. This is an abost in vote Jackson had faced nearly 20 years in prison. I think 18
The courtroom was definitely still as the verdicts were read in fact. I got it here somewhere
Somewhere somehow
As I look through the verdict form and there are you know there are
More than actually 10 pages because if you do believe if they do believe that Michael Jackson is guilty
There are follow-up pages to examine as well. Yeah, I examine this so at any rate
The courtroom was definitely still as the verdicts were read Jackson as motionless as he had been throughout the trial
Obviously heavily medicated
They actually said that on court TV. I was delighted to hear that. I will say this for them even though I can't stand Nancy Grace
They don't pull any punches on her
You know there was a thing somebody's guilty. They rip him an ass nice going and they can victim right there on ear
Which many people were complaining about one of his lawyers burst into tears as the first verdict were announced and Jackson later
Student was embraced by his chief lawyer Tom what I messed my hair was a junior some of the woman in a jury also
Wiped and passed her out a box of tissues as he left court Jackson looking drawn held his hand to his heart and blue
Kisses of the screaming crowd. He was escorted by his aides into a black SUV and made no immediate public statement
Jackson later arrived at nevermind. We was greeted by more fans a strong of at least two three dozen fans
I would never have married a pedophile in the system works Jackson's ex wife Debbie Rose said in a statement given to entertainment tonight
I don't believe it, I wonder how much they paid her off
Screams of joy rang out among a strong of fans outside the court
I was at least 75 to 100 fans jumped up and down hugged each other and threw a confetti in a celebration of the news a woman in the crowd released
One white dove as each acquittal was announced
Santa Barbara County the eight times that and set with his hand in his hands
Obviously, we're disappointed in the verdict
But we believe in a system of justice then total reporters now here. This is the best part. I don't want to look who's on
I'm seeing it right now take a look
Office
Give me a cup of coffee and well, will you get him off the screen already? There's a retrospective boss wife and candle coffee a
Max made in hell. What I'd tell you? I want to play it the whole day the whole week the rest of my life
The same talking heads non stop
Popp pop popp popp pop popp pop beep go defend some clients candle go get some work some real work
Get off my screen. But anyway, so this is the most talk about amounts of hypocrites the jury
Did you hear the statement that they issued right after the event was read?
No, I avoided it. After the verdict was announced, the judge read a statement from the jury.
Here's the statement. We the jury feel the weight of the world's eyes upon us.
They asked to be allowed to return to our private lives as anonymously as we came.
And so all the experts, the 80,000 pundits on it, the talking heads were
anticipating and the expected rating that they were going to hop in their
automobiles and go back home and never be seen again. And lo and behold,
by an hour later we see a room with a bunch of chairs in it.
20 chairs in there for the 12 jurors and the alternates.
And a few minutes later, here come them 20 people being out here and they're in the same
people who wanted to go back to their lives anonymously.
They're getting their 3.5 seconds of payment on TV. Now, well, granted, they didn't
give any names on it. But it was like, you're number one, number seven, number two,
number, whatever it was, right? Right? You saw that?
Nope. And I'm thinking to myself, hey, listen, it was even on the food channel for Christ's
sake. I'm thinking to myself, what is this? Are these the people who wanted to be
anonymous? Another kind of air be event that takes place in America. If you have a
good bowel movement, there has to be a post B.M. press conference. And you had a
sit in front of a bunch of microphones. You know, I'm getting choked up about it.
Well, don't cry. You know what I'm talking about? That's the way it will.
Where we single thing that goes down, we got to have a press conference. Let's see,
Chris, please add the OCD or pull. Let's get the OCD on there right away. And what about
all those other ones? Like CSI, Miami, CSI, Cannon, Biggest, CSI, if it's a Lanny, I put CSI.
Well, good. Here he goes. I should cover it. It says, I don't know if you're in a pool,
but for a future pool, favorite way to plunge your gut side. This will show how far out of
the mainstream that Josh is on slots. Chris says, how do you like that, Josh? Man,
and then Chris is ripping you in an ass. Yeah, because everybody just wins a lot when
they place lots. That's not the point. Most people who gamble lose, anybody will
admit that if they're honest, the most compulsive gamblers lie through their teeth just like
most fat people lie. Oh, I didn't eat not in yesterday just a couple of courts of a,
by the way, no ice cream. How many days in a row is that now? 7, 8, 9, 9. Good. Today's
10 days of it. No, wait a minute. 9. 9. Today's 11. Whatever. We don't have to count the
days because I'm not eating that stuff. And my blood sugar this morning was 102. Very
nice number. Nice goal. Neal, thank you. Right. That was it. Anyway, here's that
sun sentinel thing, just a little piece of it that I was talking about to give you an
idea. 8 months ago, defense attorney Thomas Myheres and Messerbro Jr. made a strategic move
that may have provided the key to Michael Jackson's court victory. He hired a new private
investigator to throw them to focus relentlessly on the accuser's mother. How do you like that?
Scott Ross had worked on the Robert Blake defense, digging up on Saviitams about the actor's
trailer trash murdered wife. The information allowed defense lawyers to argue that someone
other than Blake, who had charged with killing her, had a motive. More of the details gave
jurors a reason to dislike the dead woman. See, there you go. Messerbro wanted a repeat
performance and he gave his investigator a simple blunt instruction. Ross recalled yesterday.
I want you to do to the mother of the United States victim, which he did debonnately
bakedly. There you go. That's all you need to know. Just trailer trash or ass and they
did great job of it. And of course, she didn't have to make anything up because she
fit the role perfectly. And evidently, her on the witness stand comportment was just
exactly what they wanted. She acted like a real neurotic crazy ass bitch. Got a lot more
on that. Well, not too much. We don't want to get overboard because we got the curve
roll plan that crashed. We got all. We got the American Airlines flat that was the
Verde del Noir because somebody found a radio in the bathroom. What's the station was
it to? And they finally met him and listening to some subversive show like, damn God. Frank
says the problem with the micro-exaction trial as well as with also liberty trials. There
is always reasonable doubt whenever the accused has tons of money. It's always reasonable
to be suspicious of the accused's motives when they stand again monetarily. Therefore,
when the defense and the accusations are fabricated for the sole purpose of money, it's hard
to refute that without actual video of the crime being committed or without that jar of
gasoline. Anyway, I'm telling you, we just greets you up the door. That'll starve
to the extent that you're going to be a real killer. That's cute. I like that. We put
it on it. That is excellent. Yeah, you need a good laxeter after you watch that. Although,
let's break free, we're free to go back for the movie. What are you saying? Okay, for
you. 1042, 18 before 11 a Q. I. M. If you're in the market for a new car truck, then stop
by Armstrong Ford. A homestead this week because Ford has offered new discounts and prices
are well below the market price. Right now at Armstrong Ford, there's financing as low
as 0% or rebates up to 6 grand or you can drive away and a brand new Ford make no payments
for six months. The bottom line is this. When you add the Armstrong Ford discounted the
bonus cash and center from Ford, there is no better time than right this moment for you
to buy a new Ford and save like crazy. Pick up the phone right now called David Rich,
the GM at 305, 247.51. 12 ass David for the Neil Deal. I know it sounds a little bizarre,
but this is a bizarre show after all. They have a deal for you on a brand new Ford just
because you listen to this bizarre show. When you buy from Armstrong Ford, a homestead
to get their exclusive Paris and Batteries for Life program to you will get a better deal
on a Ford anywhere. I'll bet you fat boys life on it. No bait and switch. No Fone deals.
Armstrong Ford a homestead 307.25 South Dixie Highway. 20 easy minutes out of the 836. So
give David Rich a call 305.247.51.12 and ask for the Neil Deal or check them on the
web at ArmstrongCars.com. Whatever you do be sure to stop down this week and save
thousands on that great new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
When it comes to a team, it's Neil Rogers. Neil Rogers, it's David.
Who's ready to fight for the game? He's waiting there.
Oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
I put the blame on his free father, Joe. Walking around never landing his P.J.s,
putting the children in the Jesus Chusay's. He's paid family through what he was doing before.
He shouldn't have sleepovers that anymore.
No can call these furry walkies, playing in the chair. Can anything stop the two racing
of top except 20 years?
That 46, 14 before 11 o'clock. Our schedule looks like this. We got the mole man at 2.
My dog Ford is 7 another 3 hour show boy. He must be really PO that their plan was night
games in Chicago.
Kurt is 7 to 7 30. Marlon's on Deck at 7 30. Marlon's at the Cubs 805. It would be a few
ladycaps in the ball game. I guess they don't play nearly as many day games as they used
to. It would really feel long. I'm continuing to start a play night game.
There were just a few here and there, but they must be playing a lot more of them.
They still play quite a few day games. Maybe just when the Marlins are there, just to
a piss all of us off. Anyway, how are listening on the internet from Jersey?
By the way, no dropouts on the internet. We're streaming it, baby. He says, please add
this to the list. I'm sure this will be the eventual winner of your poll.
So thanks for putting it. And that is that there are no camp mists that show us currently
on TV. I don't know how you want to work that, but the stick that on there, please stick
it.
Yeah, little.
Also, he says, thanks for posting that color coded schedule on your website. He's talking
about where or what they you're on and what they are monsterding next week. Well, really
not starting next week, starting a week after. Right. He says, thanks for posting the color
coded schedule on your website. I got to avoid those messy accidents when it's so hot
and sticky. I don't know what he means by that. What does that mean? All the caption
above these schedules says so that you can avoid those messy radio acts. Oh, I see.
But the caption below it is the one I wanted to get to because Eric Kent, he just can't
separate his goody tushu doers because he's got cheesehead Tommy Thompson just like you
did last year confused with Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security. The one who invented
the color code. Tommy Thompson was the one who said, oh, he drank water from a creek. He
was an outdoor guy. And I'll come and have him poison our food yet. That was Tommy Thompson,
the old cheesehead because it says, thanks again to Tommy Thompson for the color coding idea.
Not Tommy Thompson, Eric. Sorry. It was Tommy Ridge. Okay. Get your Tommy straight. Not
that we want to pick on Eric, but it's fun. In fact, I think let's take a different
tack on it. Starting on the 23rd, let's just put a whole bunch of really pornographic
stuff on there just to make sure Eric goes to jail. How's that? Well, we got to put somebody
in there. We can't compete any celebrities. Right. Now somebody facts TV's dumbest,
meanest, and vainest anchors and exclusive industry pool. Paul Azon, I'm glad to see that.
She is such a simple demand. We should have seen her exchange with Jesse Jackson last
night. That was just pathetic, just tragic. She's a bubble head. But anyway, the one that
got marked here with him, sure, everybody in South Florida will love Rick Sanchez. And
the print on if I can read this man, my eyesight must be a 2090. It must be 8080. If those
are micronary magnum visions out, no, I think I can get most of it. Rick Sanchez, anchor,
CNN live today. And this is a list of TVs, dumbest, meanest, and vainest anchors and exclusive
inside industry pool. His first grade teacher outed him as a retard and so do his co-workers.
He should have stayed on local Miami TV said once he had been in producer. Oh, he wasn't
even good enough for that. On air mishaps, while interviewing an MDU, he said he paid $800
for insurance in 1980 and pays 200 times that now. Sanchez explained, good God, that's $500,000.
And March, he proved that electricity hurts by delivering 500,000 volts through his 50,000
volts through his body in a, via a shock belt, ball, bell. I can't read that activated by
prison guards who laughed as he cried. Do it. Stop. Oh, that hurts. He can, he's completely
dumb since a colleague dreadful. And of course they are. Absolutely correct.
We, those of us in South Florida, and over here, Tiki Sanchez, we know completely dumb,
is an understanding of the century. And like I said, it didn't take very long before
CNN really, they got him off that morning show. They got him off prime time and they
were going to be here, he made me the related night or like in the wee hours of the morning
when everybody thanked goodness is Gish Luffen. Now, now here's the New York day. We have
a lot more shows on there, but I want to get to all the Michael Jackson crap out of the
way to use a whole hour on this garbage. Sure, why not? Kill some good time. Absolutely.
The Michael Jackson jury said the prosecution of all the station case was tainted by the
mother of the pop star's accuser whom they found annoying and likely a scam artist. You
see that thing about Bonnie Lee? This is the new thing. It's just like in the OJ travel
and they went after Mark Furman. See, he became the issue, not OJ, but Mark Furman. It was
hard to give the mom the benefit of the doubt when the defense blasted her as a liar and
thief through her said and her behavior on the stand did little to win their sympathies.
I disliked it intently when she snapped her fingers at us at juror number five, a 79 year
old great grandmother. That's the one that's writing a book. I believe you mean there
be other ones right there. That's what I thought. Don't snap your fingers at me lady.
Bitch, the judge ordered that the juror's name is B.C. Oldman except for a few most asked
to be identified only by number. Juror number one who identified himself as Raymond
Holtman, 62, a civil engineer who's been all over the TV like Stink on Greg.
City was initially leaning toward conviction but changed his mind during the deliberations.
He's the one that said, I feel that Michael Jackson has probably molested voice. He said
on CNN. He said that how many times just this morning?
Dr. D. Man. To be in your bedroom, prepared in the 65th straight days and not do something
more than just watch television any popcorn, that doesn't make sense to me. But that doesn't
make him guilty of the charges that were presented. Most jurors believed the accusers'
mother took advantage of previous sex abuse allegations against Jackson and put her son
up to lying. Juror number 10, an unemployed mother, said the accusers mom left her stunned
at times. What mother in her right mind would allow that to happen? She said, just freely
volunteer your child to sleep with someone, not so much just Michael Jackson, but any
person for that matter. That's something that mothers are naturally concerned with.
Oh, I will say this for that mother. At least she didn't let him sleep. But once you
found out about the Jesus' Jewish, she ain't the whole family out there and they high
tailed her. As opposed to the mother that let the kids sleep there, 365 straight nights.
Juror number 8, a 42-year-old special education aide, said she actually felt sorry for the
accuser or cancer survivor who claimed Jackson molested him in 2003. She said it was obvious
the voice mother did not instill good values in her children. Thank God that Joe Jackson
didn't hit his. That's right. As the mother of the values and stuff she's taught them and
they have learned is very hard to comprehend. She said, I wouldn't want any of my children
alive for their own gain. She also said the long trial made Jackson who came to court
and make up and outlanders clothing seem more normal. Oh sure, normal guys come to the
trials in their pajamas all the time. I mean, just that alone right there in that case,
somebody should have blown a whistle. You know what? It made a sound. Okay, hold it. Hold
it. Something's not right over here. Something's not kosher in Denmark. Even though he's a
superstar, he's human, said juror number 8. Watch this. Ah! Watching him during this
trial to me, he's just a normal person that made him real. Okay. Yeah. Juror number
3, a 50-year-old horse-trader said all the defense evidence that showed them up to be
well for cheating scam artists, stating her mind, you couldn't help but wonder. She said
things just didn't add up. Just like it pays off, the bread is wonder. Juror number 4, a
51-year-old ex-high school man teacher said she didn't like the way the accusers' mother
looked at the jury. I was very uncomfortable with that, the woman said. She didn't take
her eyes off us, so that was a very uncomfortable feeling. Juror a form in Paul Rodriguez,
Kenna Juror 63-year-old retired high school counselor, said he was put off when the mom
was also his panic, singled him out. The mother, when she looked at me and snapped
her fingers three times and says, you know how our culture is and winks at me? No, that's
not the way our culture is. Oh, it's not? No, it's not. It's not. I thought your culture
was kind of gay. The family, well, that doesn't mean pedophiles, but nevertheless, that's
the general stereotype. That's the ugly part of this whole thing, see? That's an
nasty part. You fairy. Anyway, the family's different stories also didn't help. They didn't
have the same story, Rodriguez, saying adding that it appeared the boy was taught to lie.
The jurors, in other words, it was a pack of lies. The jurors insisted they closely examined
all the evidence during the 32 hours they deliberated over six days. You're hoping that
you can find a smoking gun. In this case, we had difficulty finding that, Holtman said.
Several jurors insisted Jackson's celebrity status did not plan their deliberations. We decided
to look at him and look at him, and just like any other individual, not as a celebrity,
Rodriguez said. Only the guy who's got in the way, I'm sure. He also said the stash of
pornography found in Jackson's home and allegations that he slept with the young boys was troubling,
but not solid evidence that it added up to molestation. Those are adult magazines and anyone
can own them the form and say it doesn't prove the charge. He also had a tip for the pop
star. We would hope he doesn't sleep with children anymore. Well, guess what? Hope all
you want. That ain't going to happen. I mean, I was going to shock when Thomas, they asked
him to point blank. I was asleep over his all over mezzarote this morning, the attorney
and he said, well, certainly is going to be a more different game plan. I think it's
what he's saying, a gay plan. Yeah. Maybe they can ship up some of those homeless kids
from Latin America, you know, goes in on a set. Nobody knows their name. They have days.
Yeah. I don't think I have time for the cargo plan thing. Let's get a few more shows
on the pool. How are we doing so far? 60 minutes, 32. The one TV show you never miss the
year of 19 deadwood 18. Well, that's moving up their fast. George Judy. Is that a judge
Judy Dean 12 with that piece of jeopardy 12? Nothing 11. And well, nothing. And that's
not we don't want to put it that way. Or whatever. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Okay.
Well, nothing sounds like that could be the name of a show. Nothing. The nearly show
11. The study show 11. Dave Chappelle show eight. Is that pack on yet? Josh don't answer.
Not yet. He's still working it out. South Park 7 24 7 small bills seven guiding light.
Five. Hey, Alan. Let's see. We'll fortune for NBC date line three CSI 2 the OC 2 prices
right to pass and sue and battle star galactica. Solomon Teuno. Wait a minute. I got a spot
to do. Yeah, I did. It's fake. Yeah. Good night. Well, I said I can keep you on your toes.
Right. Keep your right on the edge of your seat. How about the edge of night? Anybody remember
that show that so popular the engine? How about the secret store? Remember that? Sure.
You know, 10.56 of five 60 W.W.M. I'm sure you're familiar with now by now with Berkeley
and our friend Anthony Kelly into the main man of acceptance capital mortgage. So before
you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you didn't know.
And that is that Berkeley is a raving lunatic and that most banks only work with three
different mortgage products. Solomon Teint Trace has entrace that call. And if your credit
is less than 100% perfect, you're ready to hear the most famous, the most anxious,
the most obnoxious, the most detestable two-letter word in the language.
And oh, that's the word. If you're not working with the right lender chances are getting
approved are only 50.50. So improve your odds. Get yourself the deal you're really hoping
for. Do yourself a favor and call Anthony Kelly into right now. Tool free at one triple
eight for way three loan and let the main man and his team put you in a mortgage that
you're looking for that meets your needs. Avoid going to the wrong lender. Maybe you
will be being turned down because you call the wrong number. Call the main man at acceptance
capital mortgage. Tool free one triple eight for way three loan. That's one eight eight eight
for way three loan. And don't forget every time to close a loan of course it donated
to kids in distress so everybody wins all the way around. Why call anybody else a
void you'll bait and switch get precisely the mortgage deal you're looking for by calling
Anthony Kelly into everybody's main man today. One triple eight for eight three loan.
When it comes to sports. We're the outdoors. Supposed by your bike.
Does the Neil Roger show? This is your brain. Any questions?
Michael's father Joe Jackson says if his son is found guilty he'll take over as the
custodial parent of Paris Prince Michael and Prince Michael the second. Here now is Joe Jackson.
Hi, this is Joe Jackson. You know I was once voted the world's greatest debt and I got
the coffee cup to prove it although it has to crazy give it back together after I cracked
it over Tito's head. I become a better pop boy and a husband too. I explored with them Dr. Phil
books. Family first step by step plan for creating a phenomenal family and of course self-matters which
is creating your life from the inside out which I found a little bit perversive.
Oh wait a minute here come Paris. Well Paris.
Hey, where are you?
Hey, I'm talking on a radio. Paris. I'm 10 people side of being great parent.
Hey, I can't get you. Get your head away from me.
You can see Grandpa's talking. Don't cry. What's Grandpa say about crying?
What's Grandpa say about crying?
Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry.
It erupt Grandpa. Now I am a wonderful model and custodial figure. Look at what a great job I did with my kids.
I'm sure that I'll raise my grandkids up just as well.
Why you want to cry?
Oh here come Prince Jr. now. Can't you see Grandpa's talking on the radio?
I'm going to use your cookie right outside the map.
You little hand. Get back away from me.
What's Grandpa say about crying?
What's Grandpa say about crying?
Don't cry. Oh no.
Anyway as I was saying, it's got to be loving, supportive and creates an environment where
kids can thrive.
Thrive. Thrive.
I'm Grandpa.
Here come the other Prince Michael now is another Prince Michael.
Grandpa, Grandpa.
Grandpa, don't hug. What's Grandpa say about boys who hug?
Boys who hug grow up to be like daddy.
They'll help away from me.
They'll help me.
They'll help me.
They'll help me.
Don't touch me.
Don't touch me.
Don't touch me. Don't touch me.
What's Grandpa say about boys who touch?
They grow up like a blinded dad.
Yeah.
One thing I've learned from my successful years of parenting, my six, seven, eight, nine kids,
is that all I know how many I have?
However, I do love every one of them equally, especially Michael, who has helped close and
feed the family for the past 30 years.
If he didn't do that, I probably wouldn't give him the time of day like I don't for germane.
Most important rule, be loving.
Listen and be patient with the little idiots.
This is Joe Jackson.
Have a good day.
Get wet and proud, bitch!
It's 11.04.560.
A lot of that tittering going on these days.
You know, grumpy says, please add HBO's to wire to your pool.
You got the wire?
We got it.
Are we wired?
We're wired.
Here's one that says, and never messed them a Gloppen group.
Bye-bye.
Boy, isn't that what you could play that?
I'm going to have to play that for, uh, hey, hold the, what's his name?
Jackie, Jackie, that's your mom.
What do we can play?
So, yeah, it's one of the eight that we can still play.
And also for, um, G.I. Eleanor and G.I. I think you're a spoiler.
Let's see.
What's this one say?
It says, unbelievable.
You rightly slam the MSM networks in the horse, or beating the dead horse, am I?
And here you are.
Well, oh, yeah, right.
Give me a break.
Give us a break.
We can tune to a foe, a fox foe for this crap.
Yeah, right.
Give me a break, you idiot.
That's all anybody's talking about right now.
We're a horse like everybody else.
The difference being that we admitted.
It feels wrong with you.
In fact, just, just, uh, to rub it in a little more.
Here's some more.
I wasn't done with this stuff, but here's some more.
All right.
Masking and the jurors just sit and see.
This is in conflict with what I heard Tom.
My hair is a messero on CNN, but evidently on today, he was talking out of the other side
of his ass.
Masking and the jurors decision to acquit his client of all accounts.
Michael Jackson, Florida said today, the singer will no longer share his bed with young
boys.
Right.
He's not going to do that anymore, attorney.
Tom, no, they'll do it on the floor.
And if I'm a measure or two on BC's today, he's not going to make himself vulnerable
to this anymore.
Measure, I said the singer was still recovering from the ordeal.
He's going to take it one day at a time.
It's been a terrible, terrible process for him.
He said on today, yeah, on today, today.
And you see that fact?
You see what I'm saying?
Just barely after 11 o'clock.
We got through the first hour with a, but here we go.
Why are you talking about this?
Because that's all anybody cares about.
Every single day I come on a show and the first thing we talk about is how many more dead
troops we got and how many more dead Iraqi innocent people are killed.
And nobody gives a flying crap about it.
I'm not trying to invented this.
Okay.
Oh, look who they got on right now.
Tito.
Not Marshall Tito.
Tito Jackson.
Now, the jurors, but I mean, but it will put about, yeah, whatever you say, get out of
my face.
Like the guy said, and he had a good point, uh, quickly be overkill enough of the garbage
already.
What one TV showed now on now?
Do you never miss 60 minutes?
30 foe.
None.
Absolutely.
And the facts it was right.
None is going to go to the top.
You know, we just put it on there.
None 25 because TV basically blows the sheet.
In fact, I would say I spent about 30% of my time.
Not 30, man.
No more like 80% of my TV viewing time channel surfing.
Right.
Trying to find out.
Oh, there's that Raymond Holtman who's a molested boy.
I cannot believe that after some of the testimony was offered, I can't believe that this man
could sleep in the same bedroom for 365 straight days and not do something more than just watch
television and eat popcorn.
Oh, he's forgetting about the milk and cookies.
He's forgetting about that.
It's beautiful.
Right.
And again, isn't he one of the jurors that said that they wanted their anonymity and
to go home and be left alone?
And here, every 10 seconds he's on there now with his name and the whole deal.
Why is it that most people are such media horrors?
Remember, we did the poll a couple days ago about the media horrors?
Why is it that most people are like that?
They are.
How many limitations have I have been extended to me over the years to be on CNN, on Crossfire,
or an issue that you're already famous?
A video, no, no, no, that's not the point.
The point is for what?
What is it going to pay me for it?
Is it going to increase my income?
So what do I need it for?
Who needs it?
We're going to desperate for attention.
I see.
What?
Also, in other words, Kendall Coffee is desperate for attention.
No.
At Jesse Jackson's Starburn for attention.
Oh, and there he is again.
No, yes, he is.
The imposter?
There's that true, regular.
He's a really slammed-up deal where you just go in to a room and 12 people would agree.
I don't think 12 people can agree on anything except that the sun might come up tomorrow
morning.
And beyond that, you've got to talk about it.
What?
Did he say your sun might come up to Neverland about morning?
Something like that.
What one TV should never miss?
60 minutes 34, none, 26, deadwood, 22, the shield, 21.
Is that the Brook Shield?
The Daily Show 19, 24, 15, 15, 24.
Judge Judy 13, Jeopardy 13.
What a horrible show.
The Dave Chappelle show on Comedy Central 12.
That's 70 show 11.
Talk about bed.
Nobody said that Gotti show the growing up Gotti, I think, how about that?
Nobody said that.
No, they can Jessica yet, but they will.
Nobody said what's your name, the singer that can sing, but they will.
Which one?
There's somebody.
Jessica, Ashley Simpson, Paul Yachtwood.
And that one, right.
With a cute boyfriend.
Smallville 9, South Park 8, guiding light 6, CSI 5.
That battle start, the light, to go for Wheel of Fortune 4, the OC 3, crisis right,
3 NBC Datelines, here in the McLaughlin Group 2, passions has got to appear, and the wire
has got one.
See, with all these, all these verbiage, all these billions of words that have extended
last half a day, whatever it's been now, they're just in denial about the pedophile.
See what I'm saying?
Cute.
He's not going to change.
There is no cure for pedophiles.
All right, whatever he likes now, that's what he's always been like.
He's 46 freaking years old.
He likes little 9, 10 year old boys.
Even when a chimp got too old, he tossed them out and never read.
Oh, he's too old for me now.
Bubbles.
He was called one time singing that song in the shower.
I'm forever.
I can't sing.
No, you can't.
No, no, no, no.
He's forever.
Oh, no, Joyce, please.
Just one guy said.
No.
Joyce.
No.
Oh, the right pastor.
I'm forever f**k Bubbles.
An old-fashioned cargo plane suffered injured and troubled, slammed into residential
street.
And of course, this was going on simultaneously with the Jackson verdict.
And so the local channels here, it tells me, had like side by each.
The annual split screen.
It's seen, right?
In Northeast Florida, yesterday, sliding 100 yards on its belly before skidding to a
hall and exploding into a fireball.
I like to see fat boy do that.
Well, three, the planes three occupants, including the pilot of Vietnam veteran, said he'd
handled rough landings before, scrambled.
I would mind her injuries.
No one on the ground was seriously hurt.
That was a miracle, you know?
Yeah.
It was a flashback from Vietnam.
You just do what you have to do, said pilot Charles Riggs.
I wonder if he's kind of Jack Riggs who called the races at Hazel Park for 50 years.
Who said he tried to save lives by landing on the street.
We were going for a big, wide spot we could aim for, and then we saw trees and that was
good as well.
Added co-pilot Charles' worth, I'm just glad we didn't think anybody else out.
When a doubt don't take anybody out, local residents were more than just glad they were
incredulous.
In incredulous.
It was absolutely unbelievable.
It's hard to imagine describing a plane accident as a miracle, but the fact that nobody
was killed when a plane crashed in one neighborhood can only be described as a miracle for a lot
of the city-managed juror's threats, said one home sustained roof and tile damage after
being tripped by the wings.
At least a half dozen cars parked on the street were damaged, one seared by flames, and a
tree caught on fire.
But other than that, in neighborhood in North Ridge Medical Center, Northeast High School,
none of the buildings official said the incident could have erupted into a full blown,
and the disaster.
The twin engine 12 tonn plane aversion of the vintage DC-3-year liner took off from Fort
Loggernau executive airport at 350 pm, groaning with 3200 pounds of granite in its cargo
bay bound for Marsharbor in the Bahamas of 36.
When it was, exactly what it was doing, when it was 300 feet in the air, tower control
saw smoke coming from the left engine and tried to alert the crew by radio book on their
response, said Jose Obergon, accident investigator with the MTSB.
The plane crashed at 351 pm, skidding down Northeast 50-60 before coming to rest near
the Ema section of Northeast 18th Avenue in Crowbridge, Isles neighborhood.
This isn't far from the busy intersection of Federal Highway and Commercial Boulevard,
an area we all owe very, very, very well, an area of teaming with office buildings, schools,
medical complexes, churches, and shopping centers, and the explosion of the tail separated
from main fuselage, and the main cabin was ripped apart.
The occupants ridged of Pemberton Pog rigs of Pemberton's word of Miami and passenger
Hector Espanoza of Lantana.
Escape from an overhead cockpit hatch about 10 seconds later, the plane burst into flames.
Other than minor, burn escapes and banged up knees, none of the three appeared to be heard
seriously, but they were still taken nearby Holy Cross Hospital for treatment.
Roberto Colina, 30, driving his car when he saw the plane angling toward him, he swirled
to the right and hoisted the plane by about 30 feet.
I'm thinking, oh my God, I can't believe it, he said.
That's what he was thinking.
Oh my God.
Roberto Rowan, 33, heard a bump and then a horrible screeching noise.
The next moment he looked out his department window saw the plane slammed out with an
150 feet of his front poach.
He said he saw the three occupants run from the plane to avoid the explosion.
Rowan offered them water and a soda, probably some Jesus Jews.
He said the pilot appeared to be common collected.
They said the left engine didn't work.
He was trying to keep the plane straight, but he kept losing speed and altitude, so he
looked for a spot to land on 56th Street.
Rowan said he shook the pilot's hand and thanked him for not hitting his apartment.
Thanks for not killing me.
Yeah.
Nice going Captain.
You see that?
You have to have some experience going to fly in the plane as opposed to some punk, some
Jumac, like those two punks on a jury there yesterday.
1113 at 560 WQM, if you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that
is fast, one that's reliable, one that's easy to use.
In short, you want the best.
You want the number one high speed internet service provider in the USA, Comcast High
Speed Internet.
It's 100% pure broadband.
That network blows away the competition, which speeds up to 15 times faster than DSO
life.
Download music, download photos, streaming video online games faster than ever before.
Simply put, Comcast High Speed Internet gives you the very best internet experience around.
And with features like the fan, video email security manager and radio plus, it's even
more intense than ever before.
And right now you can get you Comcast High Speed Internet for just 9.95 months for the
first two months, call 1-800 Comcast and get the number one high speed internet service
in the USA today.
Certain restrictions apply, call for details that tool for your number, just call 1-800-Comcast.
What it comes to is for you.
The story.
Sport radio 516.
She's way there.
Yeah.
A damn sag, and I can't stand them.
She can't stand them.
What's the third to do with my selfie?
What is the step?
She can barely turn her shoe.
Then you have my call, her.
He said she was the best.
She thought it matters.
And you really met her.
I've been so if you were looking through a Playboy magazine, you'll see my older sister
on the pages in between.
I'm just being told I'm million copies have been sold.
My sister is a fan of gold.
I'm so if you're a Santa Claus.
I'm just being told I'm a Santa Claus.
I'm so if you're a Santa Claus.
I'm so if you're a Santa Claus.
I'm so if you're a Santa Claus.
I'm so if you're a Santa Claus.
It's okay.
I understand.
It pays a lot to show your care.
Daddy says you've lost your mind.
I think bubbles just won't blind.
You're made with Tito.
Janet too.
They all think you've ruined this.
But I don't care what they all think.
That's why you just moond us.
Your body looks just like my own.
But I would eat some silicone.
Oh no.
I can't deny it.
Oh yeah.
I think I'm gonna try it.
You're gonna do it.
You're gonna do it.
Make up a mold.
I'm gonna be a Santa Claus.
I'm gonna be a Santa Claus.
You're gonna do it.
I wanna be a Santa Claus.
You're gonna be a Santa Claus.
You're gonna be a Santa Claus.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Hello.
Dr. Goals.
Take that change.
Hey, feel that change.
It's 11.19 at 5.60.
Brian and Poplaro Beats says these jurors aren't just waiting for their dollar.
They're just waiting for their multi-dollar book deals to start rolling.
The jury formula yesterday said it wasn't comfortable answering one of the questions.
It has probably so we can save it for his book.
Plus that fact-bits, Joyce.
How come everybody named Joyce is a bitch?
I don't know.
They're quizzed up from smiling.
They just wanna get their lives back till they get their agent for their stories.
They're all media horrors says Brian and Poplaro Beats.
Brian, you are-
Absolutely correct sir.
Okay.
All our speedness is just-
A pack of lies.
Anyway, any excuse I get to play on.
Press down this case.
Here's one from Efferman Baton Rouge, Louisiana, who says my entries for the poll are shows that appear on A&E Network.
A Medican Justice is Bill Curtis says.
A Medican Justice.
Got it.
Got it.
A Medican Justice and the First 48.
The First 48 is an awesome show about real life homicides and subsequent investigation by real life homicides detectives.
It is great. They're both great.
The title befits the fact that the detectives don't have a suspect or release in great leads within the First 48 hours.
After the crime is committed, then the chances for something crime decreased dramatically.
And what's the other one there on A&E that I watch all the time?
Biography.
Huh?
Right.
Now, do we call out a show or is that-
I don't know how to say that.
It is?
Sure.
It's a show on A&E because there's also the biography channel.
But on A&E it's a show.
Biography.
And also, A&E from who really rose many, many points in my estimation with this sentence right here says,
By the way, I hate that damn Nancy Grace like poison.
Well, I got news for her.
That's good.
But on A&E we're near like how much I hate it.
Or they-
Oh, but look at that.
I hate it at first.
He is disgusting.
Now, you know how Diane Diamond and one of the other ones, I think from MSNBC, they're complaining that they got all these death threats and harassment threats sitting there outside the courtroom during a trial?
Nope.
Not being a violent person myself, but I might-
Once they're while making an exception, if Nancy Grace is-
They should like tie her up and like put her on the floor here right here right next to me.
I might have to like take a two by four with several rusty nails in it.
I mean, she just makes me caca that Nancy Grace.
Okay, thank you, Frank.
Thank you.
Would you congratulate her, Frank?
Oh, jeez.
Man, they're-
And she's an idiot.
Being diabetic, I can't handle that syrup.
My blood sugar, as soon as I see her face on a TV, my blood sugar goes up 200 points.
What?
As she's an idiot.
Yeah.
Oh, a bubble hit.
A total bubble hit.
Simple, too.
Yeah.
And here she is on court TV and of course she's-
She's trying the case on the air.
She's doing her own-
Not that she can't offer an opinion, but she goes way beyond that.
She is just-
And she's got her own show there on Headline News, and she's on with Larry.
She's hosting for Larry.
She's all over the place.
Larry King is the Antichrist.
He really is.
What a-
What a lying sack of crap, huh?
Piece of garbage.
Here's one from Bob and Coral Springs.
I never met the original law and order series.
Law and order.
Got it?
We got it.
Bob also makes a good point.
He said you made a comment about Jesse Jackson needing attention.
Yes, he needs attention.
Being famous or known is different from his need for attention.
He needs mental attention when he-
And maybe like a little speech therapy, too, wouldn't hurt.
I mean, anybody who likes to rhyme all the time, you know, needs to turn into a mime.
Right?
That's cute.
In other words, just-
Yeah, he makes me want to climb off the balcony.
Off the balcony.
And America, this is one of the great stories to shout out that we're nervous or anything like
that in America, as we continue to search for a American justice that built Curtis.
I mean, he's good, but it's so melodramatic.
You're overdone.
You're a little overkill there, Bill.
Just tone it down.
Why don't you not just Bill, okay?
We know you're a real intellectual and a wonderful guy, but a American justice.
Oh, he just-
In fact, what the channel's that on?
I mean, you don't know.
I'm talking about here.
Uh, what's on A&E?
And how come I can't find A&E right now?
Right.
Oh, I see.
Can I look it on the wrong number?
Here it is.
So many songs.
They had enough for a second album, which was released in 19-
Clint Black.
Who the hell is that?
Redneck Yahoo.
Well, cut this thing or Clint Black.
All right.
It's a biography.
Like I said, I hate that show.
Come on, baby.
Wait.
Oh, better get that off of there.
It's the one with the hair of the third watch on A&E.
I'm working on my fourth watch right now.
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
It's a-
I thought that we're going to say for what's his name?
I'm a girl.
What is his name again?
I don't know.
I do know it, but it's not worth thinking about.
I don't want to say it.
So, here's one that says,
Suggestive for your poll,
The Young and Arrestless,
Go Malcolm!
All right!
And he's back on that show?
No, I-
I didn't do it.
Well, I'm just telling you right now,
Malcolm is back on that show.
What is his name again?
You know it.
Oh, Shemaar more.
Shemaar more.
Yeah, that's what we want.
More Shemaar more.
He is back on that show.
I don't want to say it's you either,
but he sure does still look good.
Shemaar more.
He's a male model, you know?
You're fair.
I don't know.
Maybe.
I thought that was Nick that we were talking about.
And Nick got married.
He's now having a whole bunch of kids now
because what's his name?
Oh, we're a fan of him.
Oh, I want to show that Dave tried to out him.
That was so bad.
Dan Stewart is a real joyshaw.
You know, he's an idiot.
Why didn't you invite him in that day?
Oh, yeah.
You know, we're such a good friend.
Probably he's been invited to Allen
with the Ron Jeremy.
Oh, I just can't stop.
You cannot stop.
That's why they hit you like poison out around a building.
That's what great told me.
Right.
The bug of the reasons.
Funny.
And of course, you and Volka Brian,
I mean, once you brought him in,
take off those checkered pants.
Go, go, go, go.
Have fun with your child, oh boy.
Exposing the Jackson family, you're a crew.
But Nick didn't play, boy.
You've been all-porson cash.
You're more so.
I'm not a student, but I inquire a girl,
you're trash.
All the dirt, all the checks, and she'll tell.
Michael and his mommy, you see, stop.
And with all his weirdness,
you make my thing normal.
Girl, just shut up.
Step over to the tall yard.
Tell them, let's head ways.
Time to make a sleazy fuck of your family's name.
Oh, Brian.
That damn fat guy, I can't stand.
Okay, calm down.
Love a 32, 28-till moon.
And of course, everybody's supposed to forgot about that.
Do you have the cart there?
I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you,
because you might actually have to move.
What?
Yes, in here.
They're hard-working with the whole thing.
Well, there's very much of all the children
that were there.
All the boys have stayed there.
And she is the one who always said that Michael,
excuse my expression, but he is a faggot.
And she would say, that damn faggot, I can't stand him.
God, you know, like that, that was Mama Jackson,
not Mama Crowley only.
And everybody in the family knew it.
But you know, as they were all there to lend their support,
because they went back on that gravy train.
And it was even three of the family dogs were there.
They heard the gravy train was going to be there.
Makes it so gravy.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
That's what Michael kept telling those little boys.
That Jesus stood.
No, something else.
Anyway, John Nichols writes, in the online beatable,
things in the nation,
King of Distraction.
Michael Jackson has been acquitted on 10 charges
of child molestation and related wrongs.
They were brought against the self-proclaimed King of Pop.
So what?
That's right.
So what?
Jackson's trial was certainly a consequence
to the 46-year-old poster boy for arrested development.
And it is undoubtedly, and it undoubtedly
mattered to his accuser in the boys' family.
It was also a big deal for the legal team
that got Jackson off, so to speak.
And for the man who brought the prosecution,
Santa Barbara County District Attorney Tom Stedon,
whose bizarre career of headline grabbing
is taking a definite turn for the worse.
But nothing about the Michael Jackson trial
made it to the rest of America.
It was merely a soap opera that served for 18 long months
to distract the citizenry from the serious business
of electing a president, protecting the retirement security
from Wall Street Raiders, and following the degeneration
of the war in Iraq and the Kragmeyer,
it was destined to be.
Make no mistake.
Big media corporations love the Jackson trial
because it was cheap to cover.
Set up a camera in front of the California Court House
and the hard work is done.
And because it had a lowest common denominator appeal
that could always be relied on to titillate audiences
trained to believe that celebrity gossip is news.
The problem with big media cynical game of feeding
the American public a junk food diet of movie star romances
and showbiz scandals is that eventually,
perspective starts to get lost.
On Monday, a breathless CBS radio news announcer
described the Jackson vert as
the lead story of the day, perhaps the month, perhaps of the year.
If that announcer was even remotely right,
then America is in serious trouble
because while much of the media may choose to make the Jackson story
that would even its reports, this tired little tabloid report
is not the story that matters.
It is however the story that keeps on giving
to the powerful players in Washington who prefer to avoid
these sort of scrutiny that's directed at the Michael Jackson
of the moment.
Notably, on the day that the story of Jackson's acquittal
dominated the national news,
Vice President Cheney was cheerfully handing out
journalism awards at the National Press Club in Washington.
While the reporters who received the year-old
Ford journalism awards from the Vice President were
officially the ones being honored, it was Cheney who
had the most to be thankful for.
So long as the so-called news media continues to use most of its
might and most of the public's airwaves to distract the American people
from the real lead stories about the misdeeds of a government that
set over 1700 of this country sons and daughters to needless death in a rack
or about more propitering by corporations such as Cheney's former
employer, Halliburton, the Vice President and his
crony say even more to celebrate than Michael Jackson.
And of course he is...
Absolutely correct.
Ron Nichols in the nation on our website or at least
there will be.
It's on there.
Okay, it's on there.
That's what Josh said.
It's on there.
So Josh and Georgia got their flavor wave of the Lux Hoveins down.
I'm sure that tomorrow will be giving a report.
Are you sure?
I sure as hell hope so.
Don't burn yourself now.
It burns.
What one TV show on today you never miss...
Now who's this bitch?
How about you?
Alison Danielson Newsweek.
Thank you, Alison.
Thank you.
Oh, by Alison.
None.
52.
Boy, that's factually sure right.
None of the above no TV show is really that good.
Zoom way to the top and it's running away, man.
Just like a fleet, Alison, the Belmont.
52 votes.
60 minutes got 38.
The Daily Show 29.
24.
29.
Got it.
Got it.
24 got 29 votes.
29 got 24 votes.
Deadwood 28.
Must be great.
Never seen Deadwood.
I have seen Deadwood but not to show.
In fact we had a lot of it at a QAM.
The SHIO 27.
Jeopardy 15.
16.
Decipropelles Show 15.
Judge Judy.
And her grotesque punema.
14.
South Park 13.
CSI 11.
That's 70.
SHIO 11.
Smallville 11.
The Simpsons 8.
Guiding light 7.
How's Coupe doing?
That also got galactic of five.
The OC 5.
Wheel of Fortune 4.
Which I will say this in spite of our audience.
Wheel of Fortune outrage.
Except for when that was in Ken Jenny.
I mean Jennings was on there.
On Jeopardy.
Wheel of Fortune spanks them badly.
Okay.
I just mentioned that.
Even though they're different.
And I don't know why it's so bad.
I prefer Wheel of Fortune myself.
A long order three.
Although they're showing reruns this week.
Boy, does that piss me off?
There is nothing worse than watching a game show.
That's a rerun.
You know?
What is that?
Boy, the type of...
You know, all the puzzles, at first.
But at least you know your Alzheimer's isn't kicking in.
Because you remember the puzzles.
It's like watching sports highlights.
So we'd do that.
Yeah, and we like watching old...no, seriously.
Like watching old games on TV again.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure what's happening.
I'm not sure what's going on in the box.
I'm not sure what's happening.
I'm not sure what's happening.
Anyway.
But that was a good timing.
Why don't you nice ping there on a crossbar?
Ping that is.
Okay.
Let's say...
One order three.
The McLaughlin Group Three.
Price is right three.
NBC Date Line Three.
Passions two.
See, this audience is not a passions crowd.
They don't realize that Sheridan is the hottest woman on the face of the earth or one of them anyway.
I'll tell you who the hottest woman is.
Who that?
What the hell is her name?
She's a reporter for CFTO here in Toronto.
The hottest woman I have ever seen in my life.
Younger...
Oh, what is her name?
A Jewish girl.
Goldstein.
Is that time Jewish to you?
That one.
Different girl.
Passions two.
Dispersion Housewives One.
American Justice One.
The wires got one.
And none yet.
And like you said, why do they have faximer columnon with they don't vote for them?
The young one.
Hornie None.
A&E Biography None.
The first 48 none.
And Mad TV has none.
Her name is Ozzy.
I have to write it down.
It's not going to make any difference.
Unless anybody in Ontario can see it.
Man, she is really some knockout.
She's the most beautiful person I've ever seen in my life.
I like that.
And she's Jewish.
Well, Georgian too.
I'm so happy about that.
What?
I just knocked you out, by the way.
I just knocked off the...
The return.
I knocked off the return.
That's good idea.
Anyway.
Oh, and I meant to mention this on one with Hank this morning when we did our little cross-dress
over with the Humper.
Because he went to Duke, didn't he?
Yes.
Two triangle hospitals run by Duke University Health Systems, put patients in immediate jeopardy last year.
My favorite to detect that surgical instruments were being washed and used hydraulics fluid instead of a detergent.
Okay.
Operating room doctors and nurses complained about slick tools and frustrated sterilization crews had to run extra wash cycles.
The regularly reported.
But hospital administrators didn't fix the problem for weeks.
In November of December, 3,800 patients at Duke Health Raleigh and Durham Regional Hospitals were exposed to surgery with contaminated instruments that had been washed in hydraulic fluid.
Okay.
Well, I'm excited to make your inner device and slippery.
Administrative staff failed to heed the multiple-compensance staff sterilizing and using the instruments, thus delaying the discovery of the ear and evenly exposing patients in these instruments over a longer period of time they investigate reports say.
When Duke Health officials disclosed a mistake in January they assured patients that the likelihood of infection was no more than the risk normally associated with a procedures patients underwent.
But seven months later dozens of patients who were exposed to these surgical instruments are reporting lingering health problems, some minor like fatigue and joint pain, others serious requiring hospitalization.
Man, oh man, they got a lube in their tube.
Some patients say hospital officials dismissed their symptoms when they reported them that they were urged to notify hospitals of any signs of infection.
They said the hospitals were not modern to problems that arose.
As they searched for proper treatment many of ass dudes had told them what was used in the used hydraulic fluid, a petroleum product called 32AW manufactured by Exxon, that may have picked up particles from its use in the elevator.
Oh my God.
Duke has responded.
That's...
That's not great.
Lovely.
Duke has responded and still investigating can't yet provide its details.
Duke Health system officials declined to be interviewed citing possible lawsuits.
At least 50 patients who develop complications have taken their concerns to lawyers.
No suits yet, but there will be. Trust me. There will be.
Duke officials issued a sure statement reiterating that the infection rates are not notably higher than would be typically expected urging patients to talk with their doctors about concern.
Like when their liver starts like slipping out of their abdomen, things like that.
When a doubt, watch it pop out and deliver to 1141-19 till noon a QA.
We got the moment at two.
The moment is the end.
Those are the reasons.
Yes, this afternoon.
You managed it for the man of dog.
It occurred in 7-730 before that Marlins and Cubs stop.
At EK follows the baseball game.
Follows another Marlins win tonight.
Now, what's it at Don Prel the pitch last night? Is that win number 11?
That's right.
And you like that?
See, I'm not following it that closely.
I did watch for about 14 seconds.
Oh, man.
The Cubs have a cast down there. I don't want to see that. I want to see our boy Rich.
Hey, if you look at him in the mirror and you got that big glaring bald spot, in fact, it's like walking around like being a human beacon, you know.
The sun shines off your head. You like a human reflector.
Well, it ain't so good because it makes you look kind of schmootsy and also makes you look odd older too.
If you want to really give it a head of hair, call my good friend, Chuck Altheary.
Because for over 30 long, amazing years now.
About 30 men.
Charlie's been helping the famous. They're not so famous in everybody in between.
Look, they're best because Charlie is invented the best, the most natural looking system in the universe.
Don't forget now, the most critical area of any hair system is that hair line and Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100%.
Undetectable looks like real hair grown right out of your scalp as opposed to you know what.
And Charlie's work is completely guaranteed.
You have nothing to lose but that ugly shiny bald spot.
It tried Charlie's system for a month for about 30 men.
And after a month of you don't love the way it looks, feels and smells.
If you're not getting all kinds of action, just return it for a full refund.
Say, hey, Charlie, here's your hair back.
Make the call today, toll free 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New York Roger Show and get a special $200 discount off the already low regular price, 800 bucks for that natural hair line system.
This is the best way to get you a great looking head of hair that nobody will realize ain't the real thing.
Call toll free, there's no obligation, call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web, it's Charles Alphieri.com.
When it comes to a condition, it makes real Rodgers, real Rodgers, be days.
Where's Radio 560? She's right here.
Oh God.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It seems like I've changed all once in a while.
She's a friend of her, but I'll tell you to tomorrow will not.
But if you're not going to smell my soap, I can't even buy another thing.
I'm a car on the street, because when it's a beat, I'm not the king, she's the king, I used to call that thing.
I need to realize that she never pretend she could have no.
But there the October all my way back home, my God, no way, I could go.
That's why I'm asking you, Joe.
I think you've been mad at the October.
I think you've been mad at the October.
But here I turn the body, I just don't judge.
If you want to find the courage, you can all be paid, because there's things going.
That's J.R.
He knew it was the mad in the couple.
I'm begging him to match the choice.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend of mine.
You're fairly.
It's 11 till noon at QM.
Let's take about 400 calls, get some more TV shows on the list, because I got a big oozing pile here, man.
I really do.
In fact, John Carroll, listen to a great article.
I think I just sent it to you.
It's for tomorrow, though.
Why are the Democrats such weenies?
WDQA, hello.
Not there.
Only Oscar Marino's for sure.
5670560, Tom 560 and he arrived in Singular Riders line again.
It's endless.
That's facts earlier to complainer.
Too bad.
We've played all these Michael and LaToya Jackson bits.
I like him.
WDQA, hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good, palmy.
John Nichols is a great writer, by the way.
Yes he is.
I was just thinking with Michael Jackson thing, Walter.
You know Steve Nichols, yes.
Walter the campaign, we were like told about like John Edwards was like this fleeting trial lawyer in the lawyers.
Right.
And now this media can't get enough lawyers on the television in front of us.
Right, I'm going to say I dragged out Bobby Shapiro again last night.
Oh Shapiro, who's disappeared.
I mean, it's, I don't know.
It's so transparent.
Yeah.
And yet no one.
Well the American media is just totally hopeful.
Is anybody that watches that their brains are going to turn to jello?
And if this had been a president Gore, this wouldn't even be noticed.
They would be going after him like a pack of rabid dogs.
No, you bet.
You bet.
And if a Democrat is lucky enough or unlucky enough to get elected in 2008, I predict the media is going to turn on him.
As soon as he gets here.
It's him who grow up with a mess two lyrics in some CD that's in the music stores.
They'd have been all over her like think on Bush.
And I think every radio is every station where they won't play it.
But that song from the 60s for what it's worth by Buffalo Springfield should be playing on every radio station.
But I know it will never happen.
I got it.
Take care, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
I got it.
Oh, geez.
Oh, what'd you do?
I just dropped a cassette.
A cassette.
What's that?
I got it for what it's worth.
I mean, maybe I'll just play that the rest of the day.
And then I can always say, well, a colorist, he just doesn't play it all day.
Right.
Well, he's getting, I mean, his intentions are good.
But he just, he's, he's a fart in the new wind storm, see?
Oh, don't tell me that I put that thing away because I put a whole bunch of stuff away away, V.
And I may have just the stuff that in my drawers, so to speak.
Oh, there's Al Hibber.
You want to hear that?
Who?
Unchained melody by Al Hibber.
Sure as hell beats the hell out of the righteous brothers, or whichever one is still alive.
I don't know.
I don't know what I don't want to care.
Okay, the unrighteous brothers.
I'm going to have to, during the break, I look in the drawer and I'll dig that baby out.
And the thing too.
I got it.
This thing takes forever.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, don't play it off of there.
I got it.
I got the thing.
Okay.
Poke Brian, your friend Poke Brian sent it to me.
It was the one that said, like, poison because I have to pay him.
Just mentioned it for what it's worth.
Anyway, the 560-50560 on the Verizon and Singular Rivals line.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, Mayo.
Yes, sir.
Michael Jackson is my hero, buddy.
Okay, good.
I'm happy for it.
WCWAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
What's up, Al Hibber?
He's a very gay.
WCWAM, hello.
Nail, poke.
Yes.
How are you, sir?
Good.
Hey, I want to let you know that you are absolutely correct, sir, about the banana nut.
It's a dream.
Absolutely delightful.
Yeah, found it.
Found it.
Found it in a public, in my house point.
But, hey, even better than that.
Yeah.
Even does.
Hagen does.
You'll be cursing me in about a month.
No, even better than that.
Have you tried the Hagen does vanilla?
I don't want to hear about vanilla.
It's all I can do.
I don't like vanilla anyway.
Go ahead.
Okay, there was it.
560-50560 on my here about no more ice cream.
I've got my 11 days without no ice cream.
I blood sugar is rate and I can't eat it.
I screwed around long enough and I'm not killing myself.
A slow but sure death and I'm not ready quite yet.
Especially, I'd like to at least get this nice freebie summer vacation over with that.
Then I'll be ready.
Okay.
The WQ, QAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, pal?
Okay, sir.
Hey, what's up, good morning, Nail.
1,4,4.
Yeah.
The family guy.
The family guy.
You ever watch that?
Never saw it.
Oh, man, I was strongly recommended.
The Kitesu Network at 1130.
It's dope.
Hey, I want more about Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
Yeah, he seemed real upset about not going to jail.
I guess you're not going to have as much fun as he got, huh?
Now there's no little kids in there.
560-50560, pound five.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing to send him to the duty.
To the duty hall and the Verizon signal wireless line, whatever it is.
WQ, QAM, hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
How about cops that America most wanted for your polls?
cops that America's most wanted.
Nail, it's dead.
Old, decrepit polls.
Something's still alive that does that.
Can't throw it in for Harvey.
Harvey, yes.
Good day.
He dead yet.
No.
Hey, he's still broadcasting down to the basement with Angelina Jolie.
It's coughing up blood.
Is he really?
I hope so.
Now he's all right.
If he died, then we always took it out of those bits because that Angelina...
It was better.
...that those bits were a lot more entertainment here, but it was.
Good day?
Well, I said it.
There was quite an upper-run IOD when I started on that station.
Remember that?
No, you weren't there yet.
No, not yet.
That format was so screwed up.
Of course, that's when they had billed not so wise with the PD.
They harmed me.
They paid me all that money, which at that time was a lot of money.
And then they had the format also.
They had Rick Weaver Sports commentary, which they...
Schmidt Kandat the first day.
And then they had Paul Harvey at 12, 30, 15 minutes right there in the middle of the show.
I said, you people got to be schmittin' me.
And they said, oh, we don't know Schmidt.
And I said, that's obvious.
Did they also have to be...
They were...
They shittin' it.
Paul Harvey, goodbye.
And it was you and that.
He's just annoying.
W-W-A-M, hello.
I need attention.
W-W-A-M, that's obvious.
Q-A-M, hello.
N-L.
Yes, sir.
I'm applying justice.
L-I-N justice, okay?
He plays... what teams he played for in other Indians?
567-0560.
Is he still playing Dave Justice or...
He's in the booth, man.
He's in the booth?
Yeah, you know that?
I didn't know that.
And who's booth?
Yes, P-N.
Oh, boy.
And that's sad.
Now, who was he married to?
How he buried the...
He was, yeah.
Wow.
The things that he said about him, all of which I'm sure were true.
567-0560.
Oh, he did look pretty good once upon a time.
P-N-0560 and he've arrived in Singular wireless line, speaking of Malcolm.
W-W-A-M, hello.
Yeah, can I get on with Neil?
Uh, what do you got?
I want to ask him about 10th...
The 6th Floyd reuniting.
4th...
You don't want to talk about things, Floyd.
567-06, a good thing I asked him.
P-N-0560 and he've arrived in Singular wireless lines.
W-W-A-M, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I love your show, man.
Yeah, I would like to get on your pole.
Yeah, but you would.
W-W-A-M, hello.
Yes, I live in Mr. Epiphanel, who's a ship.
Oh, all right.
W-W-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, don't you think they said, clearly, the prison in Cuba for the upper court that...
...poken those prisons?
Yeah, for the Pokenos, the prison, right?
All the old Jews are in the Pokenos, right.
W-W-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
So here, man, listen up.
Ice cream from Hagen-Dogs is called bananas and falsters, by the way.
No, it is not.
Banana and...
Well, I have one called bananas, falsters, but the one that I've had is banana nut.
Oh, the banana falsters, good, and it's got that rubbed up brown sugar in there.
Oh, well, listen to joy.
I don't want to hear about no ice cream.
Okay, stick it.
Stuff it.
Put it where the moon don't shine, okay?
Thank you, banana nut.
You're fair, and your bananas falsters and feed them to like old...
...fearless...
...fearless f Commission.
Remember that cartoon, of course, now.
So I'm here before you were born.
Yeah, you do.
I don't remember that.
What pretend you do?
Oh, that's a great...
That's a great...
That's a great...
Wally Cleaver.
The new Marlon TV announcer reached something, Rich Walsh.
Always annoying to hell out of me, but I finally realized we really is after looking in him after last night's Cubs game.
Bieber Cleaver's older brother, Wally Cleaver.
Wally.
He don't look like no Wally to me.
Maybe I never saw him.
I don't think I wanted it.
Rich Walsh.
So you look like Wally?
I don't know where Wally is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I've never...
You don't know who he is.
You don't know who he is.
He's a very fortunate that he's avoided being Cubs.
That's true.
I would agree with that.
We said that to the day.
I never leave a waiver.
Now who's the other one we just thought only?
And you never saw a leave it to Bieber?
I've seen leave it to Bieber, but it's not like I remember anything.
Well, you better start being a student because that's a very important part of American culture, okay, sir.
And you better start getting some of those pencils and leather belts like Wally used to wear.
The plastic ones, of course.
Right.
To relax by having their mag on massage my balls while listening to the neurotic 12-1-R.
You can hear it.
They tried to send me to the jail bean bars.
My hand will let up just behind my bed and join.
I got a striving boy and he will go and shoot.
Go and shoot.
Go and shoot.
He's beating.
Just a beating.
Go.
I'll tell my lawyer to prove a great job.
But find me no more risk but take a little hard.
Anything to keep me up with the precinct.
Y'all are not a beating.
Give him no wasn't a fan of beating.
He's beating.
He's beating.
Now he's still beating.
Now I'm a beating.
My finger.
My money.
My finger will win the games.
His hands.
His friend knows.
My face.
I'll beat it.
Just a beating.
I'll beat it.
With my thumb.
I'll beat it.
Just a beating.
I'll beat it.
My favorite.
I'll beat it.
I'll beat it.
Turning on any shadow I see.
My finger.
sein.
My money.
My finger.
My money.
My finger.
My finger.
My finger.
My finger.
Oh my God.
Is something happening in here?
You hear that?
What it is, paintings, etc.
Having that one channel effect, you hear that?
I do.
I think it only does it on my top deck.
Remember we had this happen once before?
Yes it did.
That's exciting.
I like that a lot.
In fact, maybe we could play like one channel one hour
and then kill the next star with the other channel.
What do you think?
Look at compare.
It's something to think about.
Oh yeah.
Here we go.
I got both channels.
I got both channels too, Mr.
I got your channel right over here.
Something happening in here.
I'm catching up here.
We could do this and we could have a rap song.
It is all there.
Okay that's enough.
We don't want to taste them away.
They don't want to hear no protest songs.
That was back in the 60s man.
We don't want to be protested right now.
They'll come and drag us away.
Nobody else will ever see us again.
My Jose Padilla.
Anyway, it's 12.05 a.m.
Here's that story by Joe Carroll
who writes for the San Francisco Chronicle.
Joe Carroll says why are the Democrats such weenies?
How a dean makes the unremarkable statement
that the GOP is the party of white Christians
and other Democrats run until he say,
oh no, oh no.
And the Republican Yahoo accuses dean of a political hate speech.
Either white nor Christian is an epithet.
A glance at the videotape from last year's Republican convention
indicates that both characterization
are entirely fair.
They are absolutely correct.
And yet some Democrats think dean is being too confrontational.
We should be nice to the lying liars
or people will think we're gasp partisan.
Partisan is a good thing.
It's what the founding fathers had in mind.
The problem comes when one party stays very partisan
and the other party starts modifying and modifying
to try to find some mythical friendly center.
I loved Mr. Rogers,
but I never thought he'd make a good chairman of the DNC.
So maybe lunatic liberals should keep a few things in mind.
First, the Bush administration is increasingly unpopular.
The latest ABC Washington Post poll reveals that
52% of the American people disapprove
of the way Bush is running the country,
asked specifically about Iraq and the numbers climb,
58% disapprove of his handling of the war.
Which means according to Eric Alderman,
George W. Bush's approval rating is now a full 20 points lower
than Bill Clinton's was on the day he was impeached.
I believe the American people want a party
that will express their displeasure at the
A-Leaders and Co-op Bush administration in strong
and vigorous terms says Joe Carroll,
John, whatever his name is, Carol, O'Connor.
People should stop believing the bluff bluff that,
the bluff fluff that Fox News represents
some significant percentage of the populace,
the latest Nielsen rating show the Fox News Channel
has 1.7 million viewers in prime time
with only 416,000 falling on the 25th and 54th demographic.
This is a nation of 300 million people.
However much noise it makes and however much room it takes up
in the brains of media people, Fox is a very small muffin
and a very large bakery, a small,
a bitter muffin, ignorant everyone else does.
What's wise and old?
A-Leaders since February, the US Army has missed its recruiting goals every month,
sometime by as much as 40%, people do not like the war
and they don't want their sons and daughters dying
and the cause of whatever the cause is.
You think the Bushes would support the beleaguered military
by enrolling high-profile Republican c-ons in the army,
both Bush daughters are eligible to sign up,
but it's not happening.
Sacrifice doesn't play well in the go-back to say
with propaganda parameters.
Now they make the war as let someone else fight them.
Those sions.
That's two words today and two paragraphs.
Corrupt you bet, I think we have a scandal for tea
because some of the newer ones are not just getting any play at all.
A senior Air Force procurement officer, Darleen Drian,
made a deal to lease Boeing refueling tankers for $23 billion,
despite Pentagon's studies showing that the tankers were unnecessary.
Then Drian quit the government and joined Boeing,
such a coincidence.
Two years later she played a guilty conspiracy to defraught
and was sentenced to nine months in the federal pen.
Meanwhile, the Bush administration has ignited a trade war
with Europe over illegal subsidies to Airbus
because the alleged subsidies hurt the trade businesses now.
You guessed it, Boeing.
We never give illegal subsidies to Boeing all my know.
This is just one example of the malign effects of the revolving door
between big business and the Bush administration.
There's the case of Philip Cuny, a former American
petroleum institute lobbyist who signed on his chief and staff
of the White House Consul on Environmental Quality.
According to documents obtained by the New York Times,
Cuny repeatedly edited official documents
to eliminate or downplay the now widely accepted links between
greenhouse gases and global warming.
The White House is still taking the position
that global warring is a liberal conspiracy.
The liberal's ability to cause a drought in Australia
has amazed many people.
This is merely the latest in a long series of incidents
from accidents only sex education campaigns to downplay
links between smoking and heart disease in which the administration
has adjusted the facts to fit its conclusions
and to please its corporate donors in its ultra conservative base.
Most Americans are neither ultra conservative nor super rich
and they're interested in hearing the truth.
The Democrats should be interested in telling the truth
and telling it in a strong and convincing manner.
They can't flinch when the White House does one of its
gay marriage boogaboo dances.
Being out afraid of Democrats is not an occasion
in which the meek will inherit the earth.
Speak for the people because the people need you to win the madness.
Excellent.
What a good column, huh?
Play that now.
There you go.
Get all whipped up into an original frame.
Turn a clock back to the 60s when people give a crap about more
than stupid Michael Jackson.
They care about important things like the Beatles.
They have to be.
And the doors.
In the Beach Boys.
In Motown.
In No Town.
Herb its Herbits.
And the searchers in the air.
Then people.
I tell you to read.
I got to.
Where the fuck?
I think it's time to stop.
Children, what's the time?
Everybody look what's going on.
I'm right over here.
But that's not important.
Now take it what is important in America today.
You want to hear it?
Okay.
Katie Holmes says she's embracing Scientology,
the religion of her boyfriend, Tom Cruise.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Exactly.
No, it's just a closet is what it is.
You ferry.
I mean, you people in the media,
will you ever stop?
Are you ever going to like stop at a baloney already?
Holmes in London.
He ain't no shy lot, Holmes.
I'll tell you that.
To promote her new film, Batman Begins said yesterday
that she's excited about her lessons in Scientology,
a religion founded by science fiction writer, Ella Ron Hubbub.
And of course, anybody who wrote any of your one of the
Bibles is a fiction writer.
The 26 year old actress and Cruise went public with her
romantic relationship in April.
Right.
The former Catholic and star of television's Dawson's Creek
grew up with a poster of Cruise on her bedroom wall
and has said she grew up wanting to marry him.
And she also said,
You ferry.
We all keep dreaming and luckily,
dreams come true, Holmes said.
Isn't that sweet?
Aww.
Cruise was in Tokyo Monday for the premiere of his new film,
War of the Worlds.
Oh, I saw a little clip from that and believe me,
if ever there was a movie that didn't need it, we make that was it.
Right.
That was a great movie.
Just we released the original, okay?
It'll stand up to the test of time.
It was really 50s.
I would say 50s.
What was it?
At all.
No.
Especially when the priest, the guest he comes up there.
Yeah.
For care of him real quick.
Yeah.
He didn't even flush his Bible down the toilet.
In an interview in the June 17 issue of entertainment weekly,
the 42-year-old actor was asked at home and was curious about Scientology.
Yeah, absolutely.
She digs it.
He tells the magazine.
She's digging it.
Old-style.
In response to a question about whether he'd asked Holmes not to do factory
girl about 80s sense work and Andy Warhol because of the drug years in the movie
crew says, I don't even know what factory girl is.
In fact, he didn't even know what any girl is if he asked me.
He adds, listen, the thing you got to know about Katie is that she's an incredibly bright
and self-determined woman.
She makes her own decisions.
Crews was previously married to Mimi Rogers and a quote, Mimi Rogers.
Yeah.
And a cold kid and I forgot that already, and dated Penelope Crews for several years.
Were we buying that?
No.
Any of them?
No.
Unless you're an idiot, Holmes and actor Chris Klein recently called off their engagement
after dating for five years.
When asked by Entertainment Weekly if he plans to propose to Holmes, Crews replies,
it's going to happen, man.
It'll happen.
Right after Ben Affleck gets turned down.
What do you think?
By hit?
Yeah.
Ha-ha-ha.
Now there's something to think about.
You think about it.
I know.
Thanks.
Ben and Tom, Tom and Ben, as in Ben Down.
Twelve minutes past, twelve.
Ben Down, I've been back up.
You know, it's that way.
Here's the poll so far.
What one TV show today?
Do you never miss?
And you know something we should have put that on there today?
Today.
Okay.
We'll put it on today.
See today's show.
I hate it.
Don't watch it.
What about Good Morning America?
Might as well give them equal time.
Sure.
None.
76.
They all suck.
There ain't no show worth getting all whipped up about.
They're pretty weak.
60 minutes.
44.
The Daily Show.
39.
Deadwood 35.
24.
34.
32.
24.
34.
40.
She always got about 30, man.
She'll show 22, jeopardy 21, The Simpsons 19, South Park 18, CSI 17, Judge Judy with the
ugly punum.
She's got 16.
That 70 show 14.
Smallville 12.
Desperate Housewives 10.
Battle Star Galactic 9.
Where's the explain field when we need them?
And Robert, what was his name?
Robert.
The other actor that was in at the show, Richard Hatch.
Richard, very good.
Richard Hatch.
Let's hear it for George.
Holy cow.
I didn't know you liked him.
A guiding light 7, the OC6, prices right 5, the McLaughlin Group 4, the wire 4, 4 wired.
A wheel of fortune for it, NBC Dateline 3, there's a Prano's 2, Family Guy 2, Passion's 2,
Cops 1, American Justice 1.
A American Justice, and NONE yet 4, the today show Good Morning America, Blind Justice
America's Most Wanted, Young and Arrestless, A&E Biography, The First 48, or Mad TV
at a 471, NONE yet.
We're working on it.
12.
14 already at QAM.
When you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and price, those are the three ingredients
that you'll be looking for.
So, get your ass over to Brandy Shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite
solace shoes.
Whatever style you pick out, I guarantee you.
I'll bet your most life on it.
They got your size on the shelf right in the side of your feet right now.
Because Brandy's carries a humongous election of every major brand like Rockport, Forrest
Shine, Echo, and Mephisto, SAS New Balance, all the others as well.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit with the right price every time.
And if Brandy's, like I've always said, chances are whatever you like, they got it waiting
for you.
So, the pros of Brandy's understand fit and comfort after 25 years of serving South Florida,
they're still a great family business worth a trip from just about anywhere in town.
So, don't forget now for comfort, style, fit, value, and selection, Brandy Shoes is unbeatable
and you'll find them at 12.90, North Federal Highway and Pompa Noob Beach open daily
till 9.
Sunday's till 5.
And just in time for Father's Day, for your father, Forrest Shine.
Well, they want to be.
Form a life.
Oops.
What was that?
You know, I don't know.
Where did that come from?
It came from the computer.
Well, I'll be damned.
It's the pot on and that's the start.
I heard that door.
Door's squeaking open.
I thought somebody was going into Brandy's.
And this weekend Brandy's just in time for Father's Day, like I started to say for your father,
Forrest Shine, New Balance, Furry, and Rockport selected men's styles all on sale this week.
So, be sure to get into this door this week or do your shoe shopping for Father's Day
and every day at brandyshoes.com.
What it comes to sports?
We're the off story.
Sports, 20 or 5.16.
Way yeah.
Well, I'm off in the street.
All right, all right.
You know, I'm often asked as we all are when we see someone on the street or meet an old friend,
how you doing?
And I've taken the saying that, well, personally, I'm doing fine.
But I'm worried about my country.
We're living in a democracy and I admit that has bothered me greatly because I believe
in expanding fascism and then communism, especially toward our children.
I've been working for children and families for more than 30 years.
And I am convinced they deserve crisis and peril.
So, I will continue to cut people down instead of lift people up.
We cannot hold out the promise of that dream that inspired so many of us and our parents
and grandparents.
The future will not belong to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future belongs to the cynics of the American dream.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Very, very well.
No problem, Ms. Willary.
I got another one for the poll and nobody's called in you.
Better be honest.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
And anyway I don't know.
I'll be getting way sparsking you to buy,
in fact I'll play that and instead of all of it.
When you say a little sixties revolution music,
a little protest saw,
a little protest saw,
not over those seventeen.
Under one dead Americans.
I don't have to name it.
By the way there's a whole bunch more dead people in Iraq
but you already know that.
No not Americans so we work here anyways.
It's pretty obvious we don't care.
We don't even care about the Americans.
Why should we care about all those the Schmathahids, right?
We're going to Schmathahids.
Here is the most.
Look at that.
Oh.
Did you see if they go into a break?
There is that Cristiana Aman noor that she's got the the Muslim head year on because she's interviewing Ross and Johnny
He's just in president Santa when Johnny who here is Johnny. He was in that movie the shiny
Oh, wait till you hear this this will tell you what's wrong with America besides like Tammy fail
We said I mean it leave it to a crazy overmaid up bitch like her
I mean if even she knows and how could anybody would have a brain not know it about 40% of Americans say they consider
Tosha host Bill O'Reilly a journalist
More than would define famed Washington post before to Bob Woodward the same way according to a poll conducted this spring
O'Reilly is on the Fox News channel offering his often tart conservative opinions while Woodward would have spent a career writing news stories in books
Only 30%
Of those polls said Woodward is a journalist while 53% said they didn't know despite the fact that Woodward and Carl Bernstein broke the water gates
Or the element lead into president Nixon's resignation. How do you like that? Yeah, and Josh says he don't even know who been crossbears
Who was the other one you didn't know that we just said before oh?
Walley and beaver Cleaver
See what I want to tell you listen to me. I mean, I know leave it to beaver
But I don't know I mean I know who
Rudy Valley was okay. He was like a way back when I had the first
Full-of-graph records the old 78s be for long before I was born did I ever listen to this man
But I at least I knew who he was so what I'm saying very right Charlie Charlie Chaplin
I know who Charlie Chaplin who doesn't like silent movies. I won't watch them
I will not watch he was very funny and the Adi Adi and Buster Keenan a lot of these people
I didn't watch their mature, but I knew who they were see who doesn't know who Charlie Chaplin is
Yeah, so then how could he not know who been crossbears? I didn't say and and leave it to beaver
Leave it to beaver is probably is important to part of American culture as say
60 minutes
We agree
No, I think that Walley Cleaver is probably more important than like Walley Cromky
At least to most Americans and next thing can be taught us. He don't know from flipper who?
flipper of course. Yeah, right
You know flipper. I know flipper good. Thank God for that anyway more than a quarter of America said talk show host
Rush Limbaugh was a journalist. Oh, yeah, well one and five said they considered newspaper comments George will to be a journalist
Right pull respondents were asked about 10 writers TV news anchors and broadcast personalities
They were simply asked please tell me if you think so and so is a journalist or not the question made no specific reference to differences
Between reporters and commentators and others people paid to give their opinion as opposed to a journalist who supposed to be somebody like a little bit objective
Maybe a little even maybe from a slant like a far left-slant like right-right slant like George will
Yeah
Limbaugh said yesterday he was not really surprised by the result showing 27% of Americans were described as a journalist
I'm America's anchor man doing news play by play 15 hours a week for nearly 17 years now
And this is just more evidence that the old media's monopoly like dominance is finished to conserve it at the right wing till popping hypocrite
The Annanburg poll was conducted for March 7th to May 2 before a extensive publicity about Mark Felt the former FBI official was
Real-Laynice month of the Woodward watergate source known as the throat that's Mark Felt with a very hot
Grandson
Kathleen Hall Jamison director of the Annanburg Public Policy Center said the poll results suggest the public defines the word journalist far
differently than those in the press be defining it Annanburg also pulled journalists from all sectors of the industry only 3%
A journalist said limbaugh was somewhat close to being a journalist and 11% said that O'Reilly while 93% said
Woodward was somewhat close or very close to being a journalist
How could he not be a journalist he writes post and he wrote no he was a writer in a Washington Post
I've never heard of it and a reporter. I beg your eyes. He doesn't have a show. Oh
Yeah, he does he's on an all over the place. Well, that's right. This was taken before deep throat
And of course if you ask I would say you went in them all right now and asked most Americans about deep throat
They'd ask how's learning to love Lestuin when you think right. How is she doing?
She's still crusading she's had her anti-pore and crusade baby. She is a swimming upstream
They held a job in my head
Now I'll teach her to mess around with it old Harry Reams or any Harry guy too much he came around before she was
She was big before Ron Jeremy came around then she could have been with a big fat Harry guy. Hey your grotesque Ron
27 past noon a QA may by now you've got to know our friend Anthony Kelly and oh
He's the main man at acceptance Cavalmorgage
Don't forget now before you call any other mortgage company
Let the main man tell you what you didn't know and that is that most banks only work with three different mortgage products
And if your credit is less than absolutely perfect you're gonna want to get in turn down if you're not working with the right lender chances
Are getting approved are maybe 50 50 so do yourself a favor call right now toll free and please be sure until that crazy
Berkeley told you to call call
One triple eight four eight three loan that's eight eight eight four eight three loan and let the main man in his team put you in a mortgage
And meet your needs she is so I'm gonna finish it seriously
She is so far beyond having a clue that there are no words to describe it
If we're going to the wrong lender maybe being true not because you call the wrong number call the main man
Anthony Kelly and oh at acceptance Cavalmorgage today toll free call one
Triple eight four eight three loan and say hey that crazy bitch Berkeley told me to call that's
Triple eight four eight three loan and don't forget every time they close alone
A portion is donated two kids in distress. Why would you want to call anybody else avoid the old bait and switch
Call the main man Anthony or Cali and oh today. Hey, how you doing? Anthony at one triple eight four eight three loan
stupid
And what
.( inaudible
His songs and now with the latest album, her story not history, her story
Soon to be released, the Enigma continues.
No exception to this is Michael's latest single off the album screen with his sister Janet.
The miss the usual chaotic lyrics and driving beat, how prodigious he would have sold
mysteries counted no less than 33 oars and more than 15 groaning noises.
Mines of fans of Michael Jackson might ask themselves, what does it all mean?
Could it be Michael had some sort of medical problem?
Hats its an offshoot of Tourette's syndrome or just the annoying waylings of a confused and gender questioning man's show.
Yet another question, does Michael make these distracting, hard sounds in everyday life?
Or just one singing?
For example, might this happen in a restaurant?
Does it like, I'll have the prime rib?
And a fake potato?
With sour cream?
And for dessert the custard pop?
Mmm, the real thing.
The real tragedy is that some of his finer songs about helping poor children worldwide are greatly spoiled with those distracting.
Help the children.
Make the girls a better place to live.
Who?
Me?
Aha!
Anybody has the coolest?
Why Michael continues to make these god-of-full noises?
Why this man is so annoying?
Please call and solve mysteries.
Who?
I apologize.
And it's accepted.
And I just love Robert Stagg, Georgian, I were talking about that before the show today, the fact that they got the new unsolved mysteries.
And even though he's been dead for seven years, now he's still a moderator.
So one thing that I don't play often enough in the spirit of Robert Stagg compels me to play.
He's gonna hate!
There's a quarter.
14 feet above the key of the ten minutes.
It's like a thick and raw wheat squish, most of the four feet, and all three holes, and in both of them six.
It's like a thick and raw wheat squish.
When can we get on the way, damn it?
Get that finger out of your ear.
You don't know what that finger's been.
That's five compartments, and it looks like a big tile in all.
She can say a few things.
It was the first four compartments, but not five.
It was a barbers sandwich.
No, it's five.
It's like a victor on a wheat, a twin and a feather mish.
The water was spilled over the tops of the bulkheads.
There's no stopping.
Here, here, here, here's a fire in the barn.
From this moment on, I don't want to do it.
Me, you John, you've been treed.
Titanic, we'll find her.
I just want to tell you both good luck.
We're all carrying on.
I don't know if you may get your headlines in this first life.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls wearing this.
Where did you get that dress?
It's awful and those shoes and that coat.
Sheesh!
See, the great part about that movie,
be said in fact, it was just plain hysterical.
It's the fact that people like Lloyd Bridges and Robert Stagg,
who were never known for comedy, they were like a panic.
They were.
I mean, as a Neilson, he's always a goofball,
but there were a lot of people that like,
like, Carriam, Abdul Jabbar, they were like all kinds of Peter Graves.
Who did that exactly?
Exactly a panic on fiction impossible.
But he was sure a panic in there.
And he liked Michael Jackson.
You're fair, like little boys.
Anyway, I'm sitting here becoming chronic says,
the ones you I never missed is lost.
Yeah, it is a great show.
Also, he mentions a whole bunch of others on here,
which we'll forgive him for, because we might as well put them all on there.
In fact, let's just put every show that's on in TV Guide.
Gilmore Girls, Veronica Mars, and Stargate Atlantis.
He says, I'll get honorable mentioner.
Are we going to put them on there?
Let's not.
Why not?
We got lost.
That's a deal.
Gilmore Girls?
Give me a break.
I never saw it.
I said, is that the Doug Gilmore Girl?
I had no idea.
Oh, maybe buddy Gilmore.
And George Gilmore and John Gilmore and them.
You know, why don't the Democrats use the media better?
They should call a press conference to announce John Connure's plans to present
that notice to President Bush, and if some of the media doesn't show up,
never speak to them, never give them an interview,
and never call them, and we're taking questions during a press conference.
And of course, why would you want to call on them if you're not the presidency?
Right.
He doesn't understand.
Dems need to learn how to use and abuse the media.
This is a video.
Why are you absolutely correct?
But there are a bunch of weenies as John, what's his name and the San Francisco Chronicles said.
Oh, and we got some very important news.
Much more important than dying people in Iraq and social security,
and people out of working stuff like that.
Sports stuff.
You see about the Kel and Winslow Josh?
No, I didn't.
Well, I didn't go to UM or is that wrong?
Yes you did.
Well, I have thought so.
I remember his daddy was a great player.
San Francisco 49er.
Is that my correct?
Yes, I am.
See, what am I asking you for?
Wait, wait.
His dad, he clicked with the chargers.
Kel and Winslow?
Yeah.
I'll double check that.
I'll double check that.
I think they play for the chargers.
I believe you play for the 49ers.
At any rate, why are you looking that up?
Cleveland Browns, Ted and Kel and Winslow.
Oh, and if he's the Ted any better watch out for Jeff Garcia.
I forgot to mention this the other day.
You know, do you have the NFL channel?
No.
I do.
Okay.
And the NFL.
Right.
Look what's on there right now.
It's cheerleading.
They have a show on cheerleading.
The odds around the house are professional.
They're in a commercial break.
But anyway, every now and then I'll flip over and watch a little bit.
I got some interesting stuff on there.
And they show us some clips from the sidelines.
Jeff Garcia.
Anybody bring any gum?
Any of you guys bring any.
Seriously, I mean Jeff.
You're fair.
Wow.
And how ironic that it was Jeff Garcia who introduced us to what's your name?
It was on our beta curtain.
I may have been the hottest rod I ever saw in my life.
Carmella, it's just.
Carmella, it's Cesare.
As I said, the San Diego Chargers.
Kel and Winslow?
Yeah.
Come on.
You ever played for the 49ers?
No.
Never?
Do you want me to read it again?
Are you sure?
Okay.
Go to another site.
Maybe it's something.
Yeah.
Okay.
The difference does it make.
I mean, is this important or what?
I would, I'm positive.
Maybe I'm thinking of somebody else.
I think you definitely are.
I think you're lying.
Cleveland Browns said that and Kel and Winslow reportedly in junior.
Reportly injured is kidney and liver while attempting stunts on his high-powered motorcycle
last month.
He wanted to go surgery today on the right knee, tore up in the accident.
His contract, by the way, since the none of that.
Where is it since that somewhere in here?
But nevertheless.
Oh, yeah.
It's listed as a hazardous activity in his contract.
Winslow tore the anterior cruciate ligament.
The ACL is knee when he crashed his motorcycle into a parking lot curb at 35 mile an hour.
The 21-year-old was hospitalized for nine days after being thrown over the handlebars.
In his first interview since the accident, Winslow told the Akron Beacon Journal that he
lacerated his liver and kidney, bruises right shoulder and cracked the bone and his upper
right leg in the crash, in addition to the torn lean ligament.
But other than that, he's doing just fine as what he said.
Oh, we're fine.
He'll be fine.
He said lean ligament.
The lean ligament.
Remember, have you played for the Rangers?
5670560, he played for the Chargers.
Boy, I would have had a lot of money that Kevin Winslow played for the 49er.
Why am I getting away with that?
Yeah, that would have been a lot of money.
They're in California.
They're in California.
I'll bet you like a hundred bucks off the origin of his next paycheck.
Okay, let's take some of these calls.
They're probably like a very, very sensational call.
We might actually discover a good show today, like Amnibus or Playhouse 90 Studio One.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Jack from Michael.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about the symptoms?
The symptoms, how come we left that off of there?
Religently?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It's on there.
It's on there.
It's on there.
Faaaaming!
Oh, okay.
I don't know.
I just don't want to show it.
Sorry.
I know what you feel bad about.
No, I don't feel bad.
It's your last.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think I have a linguistic solution to some of this confusion about what we call these people on TV reporting, whatever the reporting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Besides liars, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, let's from now on, let's just call them governmentia.
Should I call in that phrase?
It's the government.
Okay, just call in that phrase.
Nobody's ever going to say it, but you just call it a thank you.
Never media.
Yeah, take it out of it.
Like the, you know, Jeff Ganon, Guckert, you know, A.J.F.
You fairy.
And Matt.
You fairy.
And, what's your name?
You fairy.
All of them.
And what's the other one?
Laura.
You fairy.
And don't forget the vice president's daughter.
You fairy.
And Alan Key's daughter.
You fairy.
And Philip Hewfla is the kid.
You fairy.
All of them.
Speaking of president, it's only better take a break.
Because I'm getting a little bit behind us.
See how we're like, even once you get behind a little bit, it's hard to catch up.
Once you get inside that behind, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty is normally above.
It's just, there's no chance.
It's just pulled away 97 because TV generally has most of you people over would agree below.
When it comes to it, it's a real right here.
It's a real right here.
It's a real right here.
Rock solid.
Who's ready to fight for the rock solid here?
You go back to Canada, you stupid bastard.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, David Motora, president.
Who is this the maid?
No, this is the wife, Talia.
I like to speak for Tommy, Metolia.
Hello, Tommy Motora, president.
Hello.
What's your name?
No, no, no, Talia.
Talia.
Let me talk to the devil.
Please help me.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
What is it?
You got the phone.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Tommy, Metolia.
Speaking, this is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped down.
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it, but you lost your job.
You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson.
Yeah, can you hear that?
That's why Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was two for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy.
You're getting your justly shirts, Tommy, Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Jimmy Chungas, burritos, toastitos.
I got more gas than exonced.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey.
We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, geez.
If it's not Chevy, it's cheeky.
It's what's that driving place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to berate you.
And all I'm getting is dribbles and Jimmy chained up.
Look, look.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Huh?
I was delivering America.
I was delivering America.
You're living in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey.
I got to go.
Okay.
I got to take over the Taco Bell.
Debbie!
Okay.
Debbie, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
All right.
I got to go, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to part right now,
after neighborhood would go up.
Stop.
If I were to part right now,
after neighborhood would go up.
What one TV show today, you never ever miss under penalty of death?
None.
104.
Zipity Duda.
60 minutes 46.
Daily show 42.
Deadwood 42.
2440.
3040 50.
24 has got 40 both.
The shields got 40 both.
The Simpson's got.
About 30, man.
Jeopardy 26.
Chappelle Show 24.
South Park 23.
CSI IIII20.
That's for the housewife 17.
Jesse Miguel.
Jesse Sumpter.
Not bad.
Very good.
I didn't know you liked him.
Adult.
That 70 show 17.
That's Ashton Kuchikuchi, who really is getting on my nerves now.
Judge Judy 16, Smallville 13, Law and Order 11.
That'll start Galaxia with Richard Hatch, 11-9.
The soprano's 10, Guiding Light 9.
O.C. 7.
Family Guy 5.
Price is right, 5.
They've a glothing group for 4-boats.
Bye-bye.
The Wire 4.
We'll look fortunate to still stuck on 4.
That's amazing.
How about I stop talking about that Wheel of Fortune because our audience is not into Wheel of Fortune.
Now that Van has gotten old and kind of slimy, I think she was ever so great.
She was just adequate. Good morning America 3, NBC Dayline 3, lost 2, passions still 2, no passions people in this crowd.
The Today Show won, cops won, the Young and a Hornie won, a Medican Justice won, 7th Heaven don't have any.
Oh my God, blind justice not America's most wanted, none any biography, none, first 48 none, and Mad TV out of 584.
See I guess the reason for the passions things, if you miss it for like 6 months, you come back and you have a misunderstanding.
Oh look, it's every soap opera. Yeah it doesn't go anywhere. Like every soap opera. Right exactly.
Well no I mean sooner or later something happens. That does.
Just like in Philadelphia, Mississippi it took many many years. I know but people get very competitive.
They have babies and then they pull around and they get a divorce and they're, oh my God that story yesterday from Philadelphia, Mississippi where they showed the Confederate, the rebel flag is still in front of the courthouse.
Mississippi and the deep South like I have been telling you folks, the laws may be changed but the people are the same okay? Exactly.
They are exactly the same. They're still missing around up there in the woods in entry which is in Georgia but kind of like close by.
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia, Northern Florida, Central Florida, West Coast of Florida, Texas, Oklahoma, all of these places, all of these things.
Then, Cheney says something in the courtroom every day to watch the trial of her two-to-classmen accused of killing his older brother and 12 of the civil rights workers more than four decades ago.
It's good to see that Mississippi is living in the 21st century, Cheney told the A&P, no they're not, they're just pretending. They're just funding you.
The case against 80-year-old Edgar Ray Killan, what a great name that is for a accused killer for a killer.
Edgar, who's Edgar Ray Killan this week? How's some dark guy?
Represents Mississippi's latest attempt to deal with unfit-of-business from the state's blood-stained racial past.
In a measure of how much things had changed over the past 41 years, about a quarter of the jury pool on Monday was black, roughly reflecting the racial make-up of the county's 28,700 residents.
In 64, very few blacks were registered to vote in the Sherylba county and jurors were usually all white.
The slangs of James Cheney and Ruguim and Michael Schorner, three young men who were helping register blacks during the Freedom Summer of 64 and were investigating a church-per-ing the night they disappeared, galvanized the civil rights movement and helped went passing to the Civil Rights Act of 64.
The case was dramatized in the ADA and will be Mississippi burning, which you all ought to be forced to watch over and over and over again.
An initial pool of 100 and what that was, it wasn't them. Jean Hackman was in that?
Okay, right? I never thought.
You never saw Mississippi burning? No. How about Alabama? BAAAINING! How about that? No.
You never saw Mississippi burning? I think I saw a part of it once. I don't need to watch the wives. No, you better watch it. Who gets naked?
Jean Hackman. An initial pool of 110 potential jurors was never about 60, as today a second pool of 57 is going to be in the courthouse today. Security is tight in and around the two-story red-red courthouse.
My favorite part is the attorney for this old slime ball and the wheelchair is attorney saying,
oh, you people in the meteorisk are accusing him of being a clansman and they're handing him back the business cards.
Well, I mean, they look like business cards that this Edgar Ray Killan was handing out all in the previous day that are like Ku Klux Kahn cards. They're like membership cards.
Oh, but he ain't no matter what. That's all right. I mean, what are we talking about? When are you people going to spend the deep south going to stop being such a budget?
Oh, and there was one other redneck they had on their saying, oh, a lot of people think I was being redneck, but we're not. Could have fooled me.
Could have fooled me. You must need to be a very good actor. I just don't know my redneck.
Ken and Margate says, last weekend I went up to Chicago to watch the red socks and the cubs duke it out. I had one of the best times of my life.
The games were great. The food was to pendus and as an added attraction, do you know that really feel the smack that in the middle one the largest gay neighborhoods in any city? No, I did not know that.
And it was in the middle of one of the whiteness neighborhoods. The Johnson, the local seem to coexist in relative peace and harmony. I'm like down here where everyone seems to eat everybody else.
Oh, yeah, we got to play that everybody hates everybody else. Don't play that enough either. Well, what is he asked me?
Do I know that really feel as if I haven't been there? We did show us from Murphy's bleachers right across the street.
Really feel the George would have been there too. Only to send him back real quick because it just me hated him. Well, I did that show there.
Maybe that guy made that great cup of coffee is because he was gay. You know, what kind of a streak I make flavored coffee.
No, that's right. That was back back in the day before they were doing this coffee late day kind of crap. This RC Farsi coffee crap. That was long before that. So he must have been gay.
But no, I hate green utter. I know Steve Stone was there though. So that kind of proves it. I'm sorry, Josh. Do you know the sea stone besides being gay?
Is also a gourmet cook. Did you know that? No, I still don't know. Well, you don't even know who that is. Me? Yeah.
I did the games with Harry Carey there for one. Don't you remember when Steve Stone's mother in law then remember that? I remember.
Oh, do I have a memory and go David Sugarman? Right. David Sugarman's mother. He was good friends with Steve Stone.
I used to call allegedly all the time. I'm David Sugarman's mother. I spoke to Steve Stone about that trip that we were taking.
You spoke to Steve Stone? Yeah. What did you say? I asked him if he would want to come in and you know, spend some time with you.
Yeah. And he said, no. I got news for a she ain't my type. Now if you want to get some other picture whom I might want to show Justin Thompson who used to pitch for the Tigers, you could bring him on issue or at least a couple of years ago.
Well, if I can't present pictures, he made me into a tiger fan. Of course, they lost eight million games, but never less. And then the end of the fight out. He was another yay who, man. Just some of these people just stand there and look pretty. Don't open your mouth. I mean, don't say nothing. Wow.
You know, Justin Thompson knows I think that he pitch for the Ranger still to get rid of him. I don't know. I don't know who that is. I don't know. Left hander picture. Oh my. I just, I don't get it. I'm just I'm weak. I'm just weak at the knees. Now I can't believe the stuffy important stuff that you guys are George has never seen Mississippi burning.
You would know being crossbeef he came back from the dead and stuff the golf ball in your mouth and you don't know Justin Thompson. Well, he don't pitch no more. I don't believe that. Let me say it again. He does not pitch anymore. Who told you that last year was 99? The iterates.
Yeah, crazy is last year was 99. You mama. You're just making this all up just like killing Winslow. You're making that up. You know what you're right.
What I figured I'd make all this stuff up for. Right. Well, I think about Justin Thompson. You tell me that's his last year in a major. It was 99. Yeah, he pitched four seasons. That's six years ago.
But what does it say for Texas Rangers? All Detroit. No, see that's wrong. You better start looking up your research again, Mr. because if you're going to be on his sports station, you better know your sports. Okay. That's right.
I got a really good. Well, I'll say it to the next hour. I got a lot of good stuff. Of course, I don't want to sit here and read because that would be really bad. But don't worry. I like to hear some of these certain sweet ones from the Boston Globe.
I think that was some really cutesy stuff on there when you're doing your all I'm going to be doing the bedtime stories and I say that like a little bit.
Oh, God. And the stuff next week went on vacation. No, I'm not going to be doing an M California cops crack down on peace honking. How do you like that? That was that. Oh, what was what's that? I get a piece protest on.
Well, I think it's how to think on this to it's in sync. It's in sync. It's in sync. I wish you know, in sync.
Protesters are locking horns with police and pacifist packed Marin County for finding drivers who honk for peace. Officers have been pulling over motorbists who honk as they drive by a weekly peace demonstration.
Protesters say police are scrotering freedom of expression. We've been picketing for a long time. All of a sudden the police are out there trying to stop the honks said peacenick melvin fisk a corporal in the Marines during WDW2.
We assume honking is his American example pie. If we wonder what plot or actions it's there right to do that. If people wonder what do their thing.
Type your in police captain. They've hutt instead of says honking is an unlawful use of horn and officers simply doing their job. Unlawful honky so far off his is a issue three citations at nine mornings five to ten protest.
You're typically participating in the hour long Friday peace vigils and you know what they're all singing. They're all singing for what it's worth.
Protester William Rothman said about four weeks ago police being lying and waiting for motorists as soon as the driver honked police pulled over the car. Sounds like high disadvantage.
It's a trodden plantation.
When it comes to sport leading us forward.
This is honored. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
Now Michael I want you to answer as truthfully as you can. State your name for the record.
Michael Jackson. What did you give the children that stayed with you at Neverland?
Give them hot milk cookies anything else.
And cut. If a boy wanted to sleep with you. I wouldn't have a problem with you. Have you had sexual relations before? Yes.
A widow's hook. Elephants and giraffes and crocodiles and tigers and lions.
Your accuser said he saw you naked. Did he see your privates? Absolutely yes.
And this was stolen. Very stolen? He'd be a niece. How often I hear that? Well, how about this?
Billy Jean, not my driver. She took the girl. Then that I am the one. But the kid is not my son.
It's a one oh three at five sixty double true. If I never heard his name again, it would be too soon for me to be honest with you.
I think today we can like to dispense with this until next candle. I hope. Yeah.
Christians flocking to religious media. Oh my God.
When family that reported on the recent Miss Universe pageant, the Christian TV network edited out footage of these swimsuit competition.
When the old magazine wrote about a church in world in controversy, the Christian publication noted that the mainstream media has badly garbled the story.
And when the Christian broadcasting network discovered a covered founder Pat Robertson's trip to India, a reporter man
who affected described miracles that have been delivered. In the world of Christian news, you'll find a biblical perspective on the days of events and a notable lack of skin and celebrity gossip.
In other words, the pack of life. Right. That describes it very well. We're sort of the goody two shoes network said, Laurie Allen, news director for family met.
Some Christians say that's exactly what they want. Many are turning to religious media for their news and they're finding a growing number of outlets from TV newscats and magazines to radio shows and websites.
Say now here it is. This is my favorite expression in the history of my life. Sacred media. Yeah.
Sacred media is more trustworthy than its secular counterparts some church goers say. Christianity is a world view they say in religious news outlets, provide an alternative for those who reject mainstream media.
But some religious and journalism experts caution that those who rely exclusively on Christian media aren't getting the full story.
The quality of religious news outlets varies and some are focused on evangelizing and advancing a political agenda they said.
Couldn't be that far right wing agenda could it? Oh, in general though, Christian news, code is political and cultural issues through a religious lens and addresses topics such as the evolution of a Kansas.
And whether God would frown on stomach stapling. You think God would frown on the staple singers? They sing some great hymns.
And hers the quote that headlines a religious website says at all the press just doesn't get religion. Well, I knew there was something that we could say about the press, but very maddenly who writes for the get religion website get religion.org said writing about religion.
And reporting from a Christian perspective are unique challenges. He likens the past to interpreting opera. Many people don't know what they're talking about.
The press can sit in the middle of a highly intense religious situation and just not understand what they're watching. He said like what are them good old revival meetings.
Oh, that's my favorite. They're all jukin and jyvin and doing stuff. You can. Yeah.
Maddenly a national religion columnist and senior fellow for journalism at the council for Christian colleges and universities said studies have uncovered astonishing anger among church.
Chorus about inaccuracies media coverage of religion. Accordingly many Christians are seeking out alternative sources of news and not just for information on religious topics either.
With the number of Christian television networks radio stations websites and magazines on the upswing they have plenty of shoes from it's like a create it's like a goi ship of faith.
The number of religious radio stations grew by 14% in the last five years from 1769 to over 2000 according to arbitrage and a recent report by the Barna group found that more people use Christian media than attend church.
Technological advances they polarized electorate and the increasing prominence of evangelicals have spurred the growth in Christian news.
In other words, there's the real news and then there's the Christian news got it right.
Melinda Matthews lives in Allen, Texas and attends Christ church Episcopal in Plano, Texas. I wonder she's keen to Rick Plano.
So she relies on the midst of religious and secular sources for news but Christian radio reports and websites allow her to break down complex issues.
It helps me make better decisions and Matthews who does marketing for Southern Methodist University the old SM and you.
I appreciate the connections that are made on Southern like assisted suicide. I appreciate knowing the underlying biblical principles.
Oh, it just goes on. It's on our website. It's just a scary scary article.
It all kind of ties in with a Mississippi that deeps out that Mississippi burning and the red neck you think of the trailer trash and bodily bakedly all of the stuff ties together.
What are these things? What he says. I don't know. Now, no, unlike President Bush and Topra Republicans, what does it say until President Bush and Topra Republicans be afraid of their support for the voting rights act, they should stop courting black voters and show and stop showing up in black churches, Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean said Sunday.
We had a story on the site yesterday but I didn't have time. I was too busy with important stuff. Dean speaking in Chicago at a rainbow push coalition conference also labeled the Fox News Channel a propaganda machine and sharply criticized the Republican party which he said as yet to support reauthorizing certain provisions of the voting rights act that expire in 2007.
I think it's hypocritical for Republicans to pretend to reach out to the African American community unless they say they're going to reauthorize what they gave the African American community political power. Dean said in a view, I love that the president say whether he's going to reauthorize the voting rights act and of course all of their powers by the right wing as we know is to keep as many dark folks from voting on election day.
Absolutely. After barely registering a double digit showing among black voters nationally in last fall's election, the Republican party is intensified its recruit its efforts to recruit African Americans of porters.
Chairman Ken Melman is engineering the party's most aggressive outreach to black voters frequently speaking in churches and to community groups in an effort to improve the party's performance among minority voters before the 2006 midterm elections and the 2008 presidential race.
Dean said Republicans should not pretend to be genuine interested in quoting African American voters until the party makes a clear statement on the act.
The chairman of the Republican party as you know has made a big deal about attracting African American voters. Dean said the conference attendees and this is a litmus test.
If you're not going to support the extension of the voting rights act, I don't know what right you have to go to a black church and show your face.
Even Al Jolson. Dean raised the air of many GOP leaders last week after issuing several sharp broad comments directed at Ray Adiadi, Adiadi, Adiadi, Adiadi says we know that and the Democrats are a bunch of weenies we know that too.
Dean's recent remarks to do a review, from Vice President Cheney in an interview to be aired, oh it was aired on Fox News Channel's Hand of the Incomes yesterday.
Cheney called Dean over the top and not the kind of individual you want to have representing your political party.
Right, no we'd rather have a crook like you Dick. As by reporter Sunday, he replied to Cheney's criticism Dean said my view is that Fox News is a propaganda outlet of the Republican party and that I don't comment on Fox News.
The response to your applause from the room.
Tracy Schmidt, who doesn't know Schmidt, spoke someone for the Republican National Committee said Sunday that anger should not be an agenda.
Howard Dean can attack Republicans to lose blue in the face. He said in a telephone interview, but we remain committed to growing and expanding the Republican party and keeping all them dark folks at home and all them Jews and Fags, etc.
How you like that?
You go how I keep kicking some ass how it that's what we need not about your whims not about your waffles like we had last time.
So we got one after the other.
Come to sports.
Or rather waffle you see how that always happens on the waffle thing what's that on the harder.
And so it's a waffle thing. Although I do like a good waffle. I have never been here.
It's Belgian would if it's nice.
Oh, there it is. I beg your pardon? The Belgian waffles were nice and crispy on the outside.
There was a banana cream waffles that I talked about the chocolate banana cream waffle. Do you have a red that?
No, sounds good.
Oh man. Great.
5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's not start with a food again. Although it's very exciting news.
We're going to encounter that on Tuesday June 14. We had a call from somebody who found hogging us banana nut ice cream and bananas faster human ice cream.
W2 a.m. Hello.
I'm not only.
W2 a.m. Hello.
Q. I.m.
Hi. Yeah. Meal talking about great TV shows. I have a Canadian one that I'd like to have them coming on trailer park boys.
Never saw it.
Oh, it's terrific.
That's on now?
Yeah. They're running the very edited version on BBC America.
Yeah.
Which you would have it's bleep.
What channel is that on originally? What Canadian channels are they?
It's on TV.
No, it's not on TV.
They're running it on.
What is it show?
It's like a show time up there.
Right.
It's got 11 o'clock on study nights there in their fifth season.
And it's a cult classic.
It really is.
It's a very good story.
It's a short movie project.
And they've been running it for five years in malaria.
Okay. I'll start.
I'll be able to look out for those trailer park boys.
5670560.
You fail.
Count 560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Got a show ID though.
Okay.
None.
None. No TV show.
They all suck.
None of them do I never miss 111.
How were we so right about that?
Look at the way it pulled away from the pack.
Mm-hmm.
That tells you that television just sucks.
60 minutes 49 24 46.
Hike 24 is moving in the second place.
The Daily Show 45 did what 45 the shield 43 the Simpson's 32 South Park 27's
every 27.
Chappelle show 25 would have more if he ever comes back CSI 21 desperate housewives
19 that 70 show 18 with that the silly a Julio man.
One of your little beaners.
They're a little murder.
Ever seen him and being a boy together same person.
Boy, he just well what is that all about?
I can see it's supposed to be that 70 showed the only problem being other than the other than the
a pants with a bell bottom pants in these sideburns.
I never knew anybody like that in the 70s.
Did you?
No.
But nevertheless maybe they had the Mexican border better secured than 12 minutes after
1 at 5 60 W.M.
If you haven't called dialometrics yet I can't understand why because if you're replacing the
lumpy old worn out mattress there's only one smart way to do it.
It's just one easy phone call from sitting right there on your fat ass.
That's right call 1 800 mattress right now.
They offer you same data delivery all across our photo even the Naples and Ford Myers.
They offer you a chance to pick the date and time for delivery in any two hour window.
That's convenient for you.
And they offer you the fantastic goods that unbeatable prices you're going to pay a lot more in
those showrooms and you're going to waste a lot of time and gas.
Just make the one easy call to dialometrics because they carry a complete line of
Celi and sort of Simmons and King Cuell stirons and foster and
serons and foster you with two.
Their everyday low prices and deep stock make you shopping a breeze.
When you call 1 800 mattress you're going to be talking with an expert betting consultant too
because they don't sell like all these other good records and CDs and French fries and
burgers all they sell is betting so they know betting inside and out.
I've been using a dialometrics for years and just about everybody at QM is sleeping like a baby now
on a dialometrics bed you ought to be doing the same.
Call right now toll free 1 800 mattress or check them out on the web at mattress.com.
Dialometrics 1 800 MATT R E S.
Leave off that last S for sensational savings.
When it comes to sports leave the off story.
Sports radio 560.
And hold it.
Tonight on Discovery Health a probing look at sports radio phenomenon
Gellie Goldstein.
How do you explain the nickname of Gellie?
It's short to Gellie.
Oh you mean I'm a poster.
I see.
Yeah I gotcha.
She's there for the Gellie's delicate operation.
Don't cut back.
Don't cut back.
How is it possible for someone who sounds like you can actually find work as a radio announcer?
Let me tell you something, when it comes to sports I know what to do.
On the field?
No, I'm the judge.
I mean you got to admit your voice.
I think that's a nice voice.
Voice is that don't belong on the radio.
Part of a week long series.
Beginning tonight only on the list of the channel.
I sound pretty and pretty and pretty.
Gay.
118 IQ I was speaking okay.
More Howard David.
Oh, don't go.
Coming off at two and then the mad dog and then the Marlon stuff.
I mean Curtis in between his seven.
The only Curtis out went in doubt seven to seven thirty.
Fill in that.
He's to fill in.
You ever been at the What's That Ride?
World's Mission?
No, Mission Space Ride.
No, I've never ridden it.
Is this he wrote?
There was an incident there.
You saw the story.
I did.
Four-year-old boy died after passing out a boy Walt Disney World's Mission Space.
A ride so intense that it has motion sickness bags and several riders have been treated for chest pain.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
Get wait.
Daudi, Bama, Wyoming, Bama, something.
Passed out money if noon on the attraction with simulates a rocket launch and trip to Mars.
The Orange County Sheriff's Office said his mother carried him off the ride and employees helped replace him on a bench.
Pyramidics in the theme park were trying to revive him but he died at Celebration Hospital.
What a name for a hospital where people die.
Celebration Hospital.
What kind of crap is that?
The Sheriff's Office said the boy met the minimum 44-inch height requirement for the ride at the Epcot theme park,
which uses the centrifugal force to simulate twice the normal force of gravity.
An autopsy is expected as they determine the cause of the boy's death.
Officials said the boy from Sellersville PA was on the ride with his mother Agnes and a sister.
During the ride, the mother noticed that Daudi's body was rigid and his legs were stretched straight out.
She told detectives that she thought he was frightened so she took his hand.
When the ride ended, the victim was limped and unresponsive in his seat, who was sheriff's report.
The $100 million ride on a world Disney World's most popular was closed after the death,
but was reopened today after company engineers concluded it was operating normally.
In 2003, Disney began placing motion sickness bags inside the ride.
During eight months period in 2003 and four, six people over the age of 55 were taken to hospital for treatment at Cheshire in nausea
after riding mission space, though none of them was found to have any serious problem.
They were just like...
Noises, you know?
At that time it was the most hospital visits for a single ride,
since Florida's major theme parks agreed in 2001 to report such problems today,
the part of agriculture and consumer services updated figures were not immediately available.
One other death was reported in Disney World this year, a 77-year-old woman who was in poor health from diabetes
and several mini-stores died in February after going on the Paris of the Caribbean ride of Magic Kingdom.
She was probably hoping to meet Johnny Depp.
A medical examiner's report said her death was not unexpected.
What does that mean?
Well, her death was not unexpected.
In other words, she was just hanging on every day was a surprise to her.
I see.
The Paris of the Caribbean ride is not really a ride, you know?
What is it?
You know what I mean? There's like...
It doesn't spin you, it doesn't do anything you just sit there and go through and you just sit there.
It's a boat ride?
Yeah. You go on a boat ride.
You go on a boat ride and you see robots.
Yeah.
Well, if you're 77, and you have diabetes and a lot of mini-stores, probably not a good idea to go on it.
Signs were visitors about the intensity of mission space ride.
For safety, you should be in good health, be from high blood pressure, heart, back, connect problems, motion sickness,
rather conditions that can be aggravated by this adventure.
One sign on view last year said.
Signs also weren't pregnant women not to go on the ride because once in a while, a baby pops right out.
I didn't like that.
Well, there you go.
So, sad story from Disney World.
I will teach people to keep going to them on abusement parks.
There you go.
Speaking of abuse, the number of people living with HIV in the U.S. has passed a millionly high smirk since the worst days of the epidemic in the 80s.
It was a reflection of people living longer with powerful drugs, but also the failure to cut the chronic 40,000-kissier-new infection rate.
While treatment advances have been an obvious godsend to those living with a disease that presents new challenges for prevention, Richard O. Valdaciri,
Co-Chair of the 2005 National HIV Prevention Conference, St. Diligence and Landy yesterday.
Also, with the conference, a just completed survey of men who have sex with men, MSM, men who have sex with men,
in five U.S. metropolitan areas, including the Miami area, found that black men in this category were more than twice as likely to be infected with HIV as other such men,
and much less likely to be aware of it.
That's a bad combination.
In other words, more than twice as likely to be infected and much less likely to be aware of it.
Well, the survey in HIV testing of 1767 men done at gay bars, bookstores, and street corners,
found that 46% of black MSM were HIV-pronsied compared to 21% of white non-Hispanics and 17% of Hispanics.
And among those infected, 67% of blacks, 48% of Hispanics and 18% of white non-Hispanics were unaware of what the survey said.
On Diagnosis HIV continues to play significant role in the middle in this population, said Valdiserri.
In addition to the Miami area, the survey focused on Valmer, Los Angeles, New York, and San Francisco,
cities with high numbers of HIV cases, results from the individual cities will be released later this year.
Miami is right in there.
So when in doubt, before you grab on to something, like check it out.
Okay.
Uh, why?
Right.
Canadian convicted of U.S. bomb plot.
This story to me, it just goes to Shorya, what's going on?
See, we're always talking about, like, an Indonesia, somebody like Westbound with a pin joint,
they get 40 years in jail, or they get their head chopped off, but they were caught jade walking in the, like, 25 years in the slammer.
You know, about 18th world countries that are just, uh, have ridiculous laws.
Well, that's the way the rest of the world's looking at the U.S.A.
And especially, this is from the Toronto Star today.
And Canadian, this is Doilstown P.A.
Don't go there, Doilstown P.A.
Okay.
A Canadian teenager, painted by U.S. authorities as an angry boy who hates Americans, was found guilty yesterday of two charges involving a threat to blow up his school.
Travis Beans case is an ignited fierce debate in this afflinary near Philadelphia about how much risky really posed, and if he was treated fairly, and an emotional climate following the Columbine School Mass for the 9-11 attacks.
Well, we have as a juvenile's bizarre behavior of reporting a bomb threat in the bathroom and laughing about it, said Judge Kenneth Bean, who's not related to the 17-year-old.
He possessed a lot of material in his house, which was capable at some point of manufacturing an incendiary device under the law one doesn't have to have one.
The youth originally from Newfoundland was let out a court in handcuffs and leg irons, past stun supporters and his stricken parents.
I think everyone who was in a courtroom was shocked considering the evidence as Mother Vanessa in the telephone interview after the verdict.
Travis is devastated and shocked that we just have to continue in his best interest. The team will remain entrusted at a detention facility for up to 20 days, while the judge arranges for psychological evaluations and background checks that will have a big impact on his sentencing.
What makes Travis Beans tick? I don't know the answer that I said, the judge, I don't know this young man.
Bean faces penalties ranging from community service and mental health treatment to detention until he's 21 years old for uttering a terrorist threat and possessing incendiary material.
He's a pretty dangerous kid, the A-Diamn given set outside court. He's obviously not a happy kid. He's obviously an angry kid. What made him angry enough to do this? I don't know.
Givens who noted days ago that Bean wore an I am Canadian t-shirt to his first court appearance, if you'd just speculate that on his motive. Well, that sure makes him dangerous, doesn't it? I am Canadian.
That's a very commercial. But he repeated assertions that we certainly heard he's not happy being in America, that he's anti-American statements. Some people characterize it as a joke. Some people don't defend who you talk to.
Oh, you can't make any American statements, especially in America.
Hey, whether that has anything to do with this, I don't know. He could just be unhappy. A lot of people are unhappy. She said there was no evidence. She said they've been voted at school or had a problem with specific people.
The fans lawyer Bill Goldman set outside court. He was dumbfounded by the verdict, considering the lack of direct evidence. Once their bomb experts testified, I thought their case imploded Goldman said adding the family is considering several options including an appeal.
It's almost like somebody said it's true, so it must be true to me that Judge just acted like a distant attorney. Bean's father, Brent, who moved his family to the affluent area in New Philadelphia, 97 to work at pharmaceutical giant Merck, took the stand to say that he knew about the materials that sent it over the internet and kept in his bedroom.
They were seized by police research though before beans arrest, due number two. His father said his son wanted magnesium thermite for science experiments, but they ended up using it to try to burn a stump out of the backyard to make way for a fish pond. That sounds pretty dangerous to me.
And several kilograms of potassium nitrate, which were in a cross-facing beans closet, were intended to make smoke litters or smoke bombs that were set off in the backyard and they controlled in firemeny said.
Goldman argued there was no direct proof that Bean wrote the bomb thread on the bathroom wall, no evidence of intent, and that ignition test by expert showed that none of the materials he possessed actually burned. The proof doesn't match the allegations he said, suspicion is not enough.
But Robert James, assistant to the A, said someone doesn't order 24 pounds of potassium nitrate to make smoke bombs and pointed a testimony that Bean told a schoolmakey, made he used it to blow things up.
James said he didn't know whether to be in the effort to deport Bean who was in trouble in 2001 for selling a homemade napalm substance to kids at school and shooting paintballs occurs earlier this year.
Fry his ass. Telling you. Others said Bean was the unwitting victim of a zero tolerance policy in schools after the Columbine tragedy.
In court, a teacher's a testified that Bean told a runway 26 that someone had written a bomb thread in a boys' bathroom, although the prosecution contended it was the next day.
It's just the American hysterical way. Just go to the USA. That's my best suggestion. You can us out there. Stay the hell away from the USA. If you're smart. Otherwise, it's not ever come back or just get out.
27 after 1 a Q.A.M. Speaking of the US, the IRS, the Internal Revenue Service, IRS problems have got away of rooting all aspects of your life. They take a toll on you financially, physically, emotionally. They destroy you. You can never really forget about them. You wake up each day every morning in a cold sweat.
CPHME Buckwald and the Buckwald Tax from a Hump and your IRS problems forever giving you back some peace of mind, which is why other top CPA law firms are further clients too.
The Buckwald Tax from when they have problems with the anxiously disgustingly despicable IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost your records. Now maybe you've got an IRS lien, a wage liby. Maybe you owe payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you owe.
Meaning time to pay. Whatever your dilemma, the Buckwald Tax from will help you out and get that IRS monkey off your back.
They offer you free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately from our harassment of not sooner.
IRS. And best of all, you need to have to meet with the IRS because the Buckwald Tax from handles all meetings and discussions, you don't have to go it all. It gets me choked up just thinking about it.
Call 9-5-4-575-20-800, whether you attend grand immediately or anything in between our IRS taxes, the Buckwald Tax from will help you out. Call today for a free no obligation consultation.
9-5-4-575-20-800, or on the wicked way with IRS freedom.com.
When it comes to entertainment, we've got to see you in the biggest personnel care.
We'll watch your door-door-door sports radio fights to see you.
QAM.
Miami Town. You ferry at 5-6-0 W-U-A-L.
All right.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
I'm going to have a drink.
Get the gasoline bubbles.
It's 133 at 5-60 W-U-M.
A former firefighter in Chicago, an author of Great Chicago Fire's historic glazes that shaped the city, has been charged with as...
I can't even read this. I'm so tongue-tied. It's just amazing.
It has been charged with setting a storage shed outside of church on a fire police city yesterday.
How you like that?
A former firefighter.
A author of Great Chicago Fire's, charged with setting a storage shed outside of church on a fire.
Obviously he's into fire.
David Callan, 41, faces one kind of arson, allegedly starting the fire on St. Benedict Church property on these cities northside.
Police spokesman Joanne Taylor said.
Callan, a former suburban firefighter, was arrested through his day.
Hours after witnesses saw him fleeing the scene of the fire.
No one was hurt. Damage was minimal Taylor said.
Callan has been held on a hundred grand bail.
Police haven't disclosed a possible motive.
Though Taylor said, Callan recently had been fired from the church and had marital problems.
What do you know what they say? Fire starts fire.
Now what they say?
I don't know. Something like that.
Maybe the fire starter was there.
What was your name?
Drew Barrymore.
Drew Barrymore, which was like a little girl.
There was no public telephone listing for David Callan in Chicago area.
I spoke to him for the Cook County jail in Chicago, please.
Said they didn't have a name of a Callan's attorney.
Callan co-authored a book in about a 1958 blaze at a church school that killed more than 90 children.
How many of you wanted to write a book about his own exploits? What do you know?
I reckon.
He's a fire kind of guy.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I just wanted to tell you you can still eat ice cream.
I can what?
You can still eat ice cream.
No chance.
You know what? Have you tried the carbox?
Oh, man. Do you know what the number one ingredient is in that stuff?
What?
Sorbitol.
Oh, never mind.
Exactly.
Oh, I'm just trying to help you out.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Just trying to help you to a really grave.
Sorbitol, baby.
I mean, if you don't have the irritable bowel, if you don't have like a spastic stomach,
don't eat that.
You know, right ahead.
Go right ahead.
Although even so, it's still bad for you because those are those no-carb ice creamers,
they're just loaded with crap, hola, man.
Oh, God.
In fact, crap is the operative word.
I don't, especially lately with this irritable bowel crap.
Wow, that would be the last thing.
And you know something, I don't miss ice cream.
I don't need it.
It's like Dr. Adkins said, rest in peace and spite of all the garbage they threw in his direction.
And that is that after three or four days, it's like any other drug.
It's like any other addictive substance.
Once you get three or four days, you go through the withdrawal.
Your body doesn't crave it anymore.
But when you start eating it, then all of a sudden that stimulates the appetite for it.
And you want to eat like 50 times as much.
So like just one, just one score ice cream cone would probably need to get ten of them.
How do you like that?
I'm not going to.
I'm not getting any of them.
Because at the moment, I can walk right by the case there.
The ice cream case has got 85,000 of those and all kinds of other good stuff in there.
And Hagan and I have been in and out and been in juries.
They said, I'm not interested.
I don't want it.
To the moment.
Right.
Well, you are just a piece of turd, you know what?
Just got through giving him that nice flavor wave.
I spent a hundred bucks to give him a nice thing there to so he can stick his finger with a window in China.
He can stick his George Foreman lean-mean grill on machine right in between is where he can stick it.
Between what?
The closet door and the closet.
Put it away in a cupboard like we put a lot of stuff away.
And then replace it with a nice flavor wave.
The closet thing that I'm saying that once you use it, you'll say, you know something that old fag is right.
This thing is great.
It is great.
So you'll see, you can be due to the track all you want.
I don't want the ice cream.
Not interested.
In fact, the phone rang earlier.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's my Omaha steak set arrived here this morning.
I can go right down there, right at the stroke at two o'clock.
And as soon as it comes over here and go down there and have my lunch.
Bring your right on up here and pop it right in the middle of a flavor wave.
Nice beer by steak.
Right from frozen.
Right from frozen, man.
It is just a beautiful thing.
Five, six, seven.
I'm not selling.
I probably ought to be their spokesman, you know what?
I ain't no Ron Popeel, but nevertheless.
It did occur to you to do it with the Bogey burgers.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I'm not one of those people that has to make a quick buck off everything I've pedal to the public, although.
Here's line nine.
Hello.
It's not there.
That's probably just as well.
Line nine is just a real pain in my life.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Come to neverland.
I wasn't bad.
I can write down to it.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
That's Gilbert.
What do you say?
Hitler.
Oh, that's Gilbert.
That's his new line.
Well, at least it's better than the old one.
We don't have to dump it.
What a little lunatic.
Go get yourself some metal help.
Okay, Pope bottle eyes.
Go get yourself some help.
Jesus, what are you trying to tell us?
I have no way.
We know that.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Hey, you know, which flag will wave machines you have?
The Flavor Wave Deluxe.
The manufacturer.
Fame.
Which one?
Fame, THANE.
Thanks.
And New York water comes from the Hudson Valley reservoir,
nothing the Hudson River.
Well, whatever.
I mean, it's coming from a somewhere in the Hudson.
Yeah.
It's coming up the reservoir.
And that's all going on.
Thank you.
Okay.
Fame, THANE.
Fame Direct.
You can buy it online from them or like 80 million other people.
In fact, if you buy it from other people, it's cheaper.
Like the ones I got you.
Yeah, Josh was very upset.
You were on vacation.
He was very irritated with the fact that it's 132 bucks.
If you buy it from Fame Direct.
Right.
Because they throw in some other kind of Chashky that you put in a cover and will ever use again.
Some miracle powder, some crap.
And you can buy it online from a Zidian different websites for 99 bucks each.
Well, that applies to a lot of products I found when ordering electronics.
I find it cheaper from somewhere other than the manufacturer.
That is correct.
So if you want to call the tool for your number, you see on TV, go ahead.
But the smarter thing is if you see a really neat product on TV, you like.
Go online and check it out when it does.
And you may find it going to get the exact same product.
But it's less.
Because wherever else you get it, they don't have to spend all the money for the time for those info mercials.
Just order it and forget it.
I mean, don't forget it.
In fact, I'm thinking right now during this break, I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it was those steaks that arrived.
And that's just something like the Book of Brian.
That's not the way we want to downplay the Book of Brian.
But if you had a choice between getting a nice package of Omaha steaks or one of those CDs from Book of Brian.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Oh, I have to hear the CD.
Oh.
What about this one?
For what it's worth?
Book of Brian did this?
I don't think so.
When it comes to it, it changes.
It means real Roger's real Roger's meat jangles.
Who's video 5?
All in the idea.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
I'm going to go check my phone message and make sure it's all right.
General Donald Austin, the Chief U.S. military spokesman in Iraq said last week
in a comment that echoes what others in your office are saying.
It's going to be settled in the political process he'd be saying.
Look at that.
New York City chopper crashed near Wall Street area of Manhattan.
The location in the water and the helicopter now sits upside down in the east river there.
So is it possible that there was a safe landing and then it was upset by the rough scenes in the...
General George W. Casey, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, expressed similar sentiments calling the military efforts
the Pillsbury Doe Boy idea pressing the insurgency in one area only causing it to rise elsewhere.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
The Pillsbury Doe Boy relationship with an apothecant...
Yeah.
Like in Baghdad, Casey said to re-interview with two newspaper reporters including one from Night Ritter last week.
We push in Baghdad.
They're down to about less than a car bomb a day in Baghdad over the last week.
But in the north center of Iraq they've gone up.
The political process will be the decisive element he'd be saying.
The recognition that a military solution is not only offing as lead U.S. and Iraqi officials
to signal that they're willing to negotiate with insurgent groups or their intermediaries.
It is evolved in the course of normal business to the senior U.S. diplomatic official in Baghdad.
It is spoke of course of a condition of anonymity because of U.S. policy to defer to the Iraqi government on Iraqi political matters.
This message is markedly different from previous statements by U.S. officials who spoke of quashing the insurgency
by rounding up or killing dead enders loyal to former dictator Saddam Hussein.
As recently as two weeks ago in a memorial day and everyone CNN's lyricing live,
Vice President Tainey said he believed the insurgency was in his last row.
Another pack of lies.
But the violence has continued unabated even though 44 of the 55 Iraqis portrayed in the military.
His name is Deqav Karz.
It has been killed or captured including Saddam.
Lieutenant Colonel Frederick P. Wilman who works for the task force overseeing the training of Iraqi security troops.
The insurgency doesn't seem to be running out of new recruits.
A dynamic fueled by tribal members seeking revenge for relative's killed and fighting.
We can't kill them all Wilman said when I killed one I create three.
Last month was one of the deadliest since President Bush declared the end of major combat operations in May 2003.
At least 26 troops have been killed by insurgents so far in June bringing to 1311 the number of years soldiers killed by hostile action.
Another 391 of that is a result of accident and surrealness.
The Iraqi Interior Minister said last week the insurgency killed 12,000 Iraqi during the past few years didn't say how he arrived at the figure.
He just made it up.
It's a lot more than that.
So, over every other people say it's over 100,000 altogether.
Right.
But nevertheless we're doing our best to bring democracy.
Now, what's the start with this helicopter with his chopper?
I do not stand in the East River in New York.
We're a down helicopter and we are trying to respond as quickly as possible to help ensure that people are safe.
Tell us what kind of response you have ordered there.
We have several different boats of bothering us.
Oh, it's Sky Miles O'Brien.
It's the clear Captain Walker which is...
He said what kind of boat is that over there? He said...
You're fair.
It's a ferry. Now, what did he just send?
Something like that.
The Senate yesterday... This is just... Oh, man, makes you want to gag.
It's 2005, okay?
And the Senate yesterday formally apologized for having rejected decades of pleas to make lynching a federal crime as scores of victims' descendants watch from the Chamber's gallery.
On a voice bullet without opposition, the Senate passed a resolution expressing its regrets to the relatives as well as to the nearly 5,000 Americans, mostly black males, who were documented as having been lynched from 1880 to 1960.
These deaths occurred without trials.
Mostly in the South of course, often with the knowledge of local officials who allowed mob lynchings to become picture-taking public spectacles.
During this period, nearly 200 anti-lynching bills were introduced in Congress, three of which passed the House of Representatives, but despite the supported legislation by seven U.S. presidents,
the measures died in the Senate, with much of the opposition coming from Southern lawmakers who raised procedural roadblocks.
These are laws against lynching. Are you following that?
Yeah.
You're listening to this.
Such legislation would have made lynching a federal crime allowed the U.S. government to prosecute those responsible, including local law enforcement officers.
Dan Duster, a descendant of IWR's former slave who became an anti-lynching crusader, praised senators who publicly backed the resolution of apology and scored those who did not.
No mayor, lawmaker openly opposed the measure, but 20 of the 100 senators who had not signed the statement in support of it, shortly before the vote was taken on nearly empty Senate floor.
It doesn't mention the 20, I'd sure like to add the list.
I'd sure like to know where they're from.
I think it's politics. They're afraid of losing both from the people of prejudice, Duster, said of those who did not sign the statement in support.
The resolution was first proposed last year by senators Mary Landre, Louisiana and Democrat, and George Allen, Virginia Republican after they read the book, without sanctuary, lynching photography in America, pictorial history by James Allen.
The more I learned about this terrorism in America, the more committed I became to doing something positive and passing this resolution, I'd just said, the Senate failed these Americans, said Allen, if we truly want to move forward, we must admit that fate or it learned from it.
The resolution expresses apologies, I don't know what the victims of lynchings, but also their descendants nearly 200 of whom came to cap the cap of the witness passage of the measure.
Also there was James Cameron 91 believed to be the only known lynching survivor. Cameron was arrested in August 1930, Mary in Indiana, where he was taken to jail and with who was friends for the murder of a white man and suspected rape of a white woman.
A mob broke into the jail and pulled the three out. Cameron's two friends were hanging that a noose was placed around Cameron's neck than a 16-year-old shoe-shine boy, but as the noose was tightened, a voice reportedly shouted out that Cameron was guilty of no crime.
It was returned to a cell later convicted of being an accessory to the white man's death. It was pardoned in 1933 by then Governor Evan Byte, now a Democratic U.S. Senator from Indiana.
1993, I say, 33, 93.
How do you like that? Lynchings, well, we want to apologize here in a separate thinking about it. We're not too sure if we want the feds to, and of course those who opposed it and these other bills that were put, they did it on the grounds of what would infringement on states rights.
Right, states rights to allow lynchings. That sounds like a great American tradition to me, don't I? You mind your business up north, boss?
Man, what a red-necky country you live in.
Fort Greer radio is what accused war into hell.
Here's a little number I wrote the other day while not duck hunting with a judge.
Where?
Now it's time must go.
At her me general, Ashbrook doesn't like strong words and so. He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly low.
So, fuck you on so very much.
So, for you very much, dear Mr. Bush.
For here, rowy-curly sitting on your tush.
For Halliburton, enrom all the companies of hell.
Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail.
She's an upper-tier rich rich, and until he sees it.
Man, so fuck you on so very much.
Absolutely, sir.
You've deep-assed cherry too.
You and everything you do.
Your pace maker must be a fake.
You haven't gone on Mars.
As far as I'm concerned, you're just a fake, you're faced all false.
And as per Condoleez, she's an intellectual.
So, for you also very much.
Yes.
So, you very much, the EPA.
For giving all the laskers oil away.
It really is a bummer when I come to my home.
The ozone's a no-go zone now that Arnold's here to say.
The nuclear is a game.
I'm going to take place in LA.
So, you also very much.
So, what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males.
You also very much.
Exactly.
159, we'll come up next.
What TV show did they do?
Never miss.
None.
132.
They all suck.
132.
So, none of that good.
24 has got 59.
Well, I must be pretty good.
We've got to see it.
Yeah.
60 minutes 54, daily show 51, a shield 51, deadwood 48, South Park 34.
Simpson's 33, Shepel's show.
About 30 men.
Oh, Jeopardy.
About 30 men.
The Pranah's 25, CSI 24, desperate husband of 23.
That's 70 shows 21.
How sad.
Judge Judy 17, smallville 17, law and order 15, battle star galactic 13, that family guide.
So, whatever it is, the family guy 11.
And everybody else like single dead.
Bye, bye, bye.
