tonight at seven is hurricane hotline join head coach Larry cocker and Joseph
Aguida Don B. Lee Jr. right here
sports radio five sixty two way yeah
how about that the Harold has Minnesota thirty to one they happen to be the
second favorite in the NFC at eight to one can't that paper ever get anything
right no good morning Neil no
do do do do buddy Barry Jackass what a
quizzling man you see his I'm not gonna see you'll vomit man you'll get
the best that you forgot you wait it's just unbelievable about the you know
about when we missed the time about Monday night football and we missed the
co-cell and the humor of Don Meredith and then he goes on about the steady
tones of Frank Gifford I mean what what is this man talking about Frank Gifford
was a dullard good God Barry you're just a quizzling man you know you've
been perfect there at the Harold but nevertheless he's a blowviator yeah well
at least part of that anyway hey Barry so this I got a great a DVD for you a great
movie that I know you'll enjoy yeah I thought George sent it to me and I
well he actually did send it but it was Suds Coleman thanks suds what was man
this this movie just blew me away standing in the shadows of Motown
ah the soul behind the sound yeah the funk brothers I think I saw that did you
see that I think so it is just yeah absolutely outstanding yep and I'm just
it motivated me to do our pull today on black recording artists and I went out
and bought a whole bunch of new and I'm glad you brought that up because you know
it bothers me the super bowl pre-game show is gonna be the Rolling Stones the
games being played in Detroit this year oh no you know the great wouldn't this be
perfect of course yeah get the funk brothers out there and there's some great
recording artists great singers on here why wouldn't you put Stevie Wonder
out there you know all the great recording artists who are on this the CD like
Gerald the Hurt and Ben Harper which I never heard of Ben Harper before
this is sensational the problem you know those aren't people that you know
that their most important thing yeah the Motown thing is huge in the music they're
playing the game in Detroit and they're bringing the Rolling Stones in for the
entertainment yeah I think that was one you only good part of that is maybe
the Stones will sing some of those anti bush songs but I'm sure they won't
no I was saying I can assure you that the league is already taken care of that if
if the media were as critical of this illegal invasion of Iraq and you
notice almost a thousand people died in that stampede at Baghdad yesterday which
of course that goes way into the background on the news because of what's
happening in the whirlens and Gulf port and Baloxi but if they were as critical
of the administration on that stuff as they are on this Fee Man rightfully so
all the politicians being totally unprepared you know the Army Corps of
Engineers only yesterday was starting to fill sandbags to to show up the
levy and they're starting to do that today well it's a little late yeah just a
little bit late don't you think I would say and all those people the people are
just foaming at them out they're just furious about well we haven't seen
anybody and where's the food and where's the water and you know this business
about the homeland security is going to be the biggest pile of BS and if anybody
really thinks that if we sustain a real serious like a chemical or a
biological attack that they're prepared to deal with it you're dreaming this is
pretty busy busy peeing your tax money down the drain on the illegal war in
Iraq and also giving tax cuts to the rich that's what they're busy
on pay something based on what has happened in the last week it's time to get
out of there and take care of our own period amen where the Democrats except for
a small handful where the hell are they screaming and railing you know yeah
they're just content to sit back and watch the whole thing feel so that they
can use it for politics next year that yeah that's the problem with the
country both parties suck yeah well the Democrats have become irrelevant yeah
that's correct that shows you the leaders the first the first bus by the way
that got from the super dome to the astradome the first bus to cut to Houston
yeah was common-deared were you aware that no yeah it was taken over by the
passengers in other words all the gunpoint that's the story this hour I know
you're on the air but I didn't think you were back to waste of the super
to me the hijacked the bus yes they hijacked the freaking bus you see the kind of
chaos that's going on there I mean when you don't have any clothing or any
water or any food or what do you do you go any a steel a TV set I would steal
food yeah well you know see I think that if they're still in food and water
they should everybody should look the other way I have no problem with that
yeah because first of all there's I don't think anybody to buy it because
there are any stores open for the most part number two nobody's got any money
anyhow so I think go to the bank and use their ATM card I mean it's a hopeless
so I can see the food in the water but where is the government been with the
food and water this thing I have a big this grace is ever seen why I have a
question for the looters what do you do with the television set once you're
loo where are you gonna take it sell it sell it who's gonna buy a thousand
some of the looters taking the merchandise that they stole into the shelters
with them yeah but there's no place to go I mean I mean I mean hook up a
man but hey it's chaos can't go there though you understand you can't say
these things but anyway getting back to Motown no see that fits right in though
doesn't it that they ought to have that would be a perfect the thing for the
yeah what for Detroit but that would make too much sense it just I just don't
understand that yeah I mean if they could have Michael Jackson we could certainly
have and if they could have Justin Tinkerbell and Janet Jackson we could sure
have a Motown yep and I guarantee you nobody take their clothes off
well Motown what I mean the history of of Motown all those artists yeah
it's incredible tremendous to roll all those people out there I guess you won't be
betting on the fairgrounds today huh and not for a while not totally underwater you
know what that means that means that all those horsemen will be here this winter
yeah because the fairgrounds it's gonna be a long time before they operate I saw
they had a clip of a seal you see that I saw the one of the shark they had a
short now we're gonna help the seal come from I don't know they had were
were maybe from the zoo probably they had any
three of the sharks swimming through the the French quarter and can you imagine
the snakes and the rats it's unthinkable yeah the whole deal it's and they said
the levies were built to withstand a category three what makes a lot of
sense to me you know this was forecast a year ago well actually the times
picky one had been writing stories about this I got an article on that the
New Orleans paper the time is picky one for years about the fact that this
was gonna happen and that the money that had been allocated wasn't being
spent and of course now they can't do it because they got so many of the
military over there in Iraq and busy with you know tax cuts for the rich it's
just it's a scandal and she's show up to the public exactly what your
government is doing not do you think any other government is gonna come to R.A.D.
no no maybe the Canadian government a oh yeah the relations have never been
better oh brother every day there are stories here about how much the hate
that exists now that's what Bush has done the whole world hates the U.S. oh
nevertheless why do you always say you've been in the Astridome I'm sure and
Superdome oh the Astridome or the Superdome oh yeah both I've been to both yeah
yeah I stayed in that high at hotel every time I you know I've been to about
half a dozen Superbolls in the war ones in the other day of the hotel because I
didn't know that because I never been to Baluxy because it's you know Baluxy's
for goyem but the the you see that one of the floating casinos the hurricane
actually lifted it and dropped it right on top of the holiday ended you see
that yeah I did see that just dropped it right on top of the hotel and
crushed it and all of course another thing most people are talking about right
now is jobs you know that I forget how many thousand they said a half a
million dollars a day it's gonna cost in Mississippi because of the
revenue that's gonna be cut off from the casinos and not in the thousands of jobs
yep and and what about what are the kids do or you know supposed to be in school
yeah I mean they're not have they don't have schools to go to right every every
five minutes I think it's something else you know it's just how these people's
lives have been totally up to the know house no money no clothes nothing no food
the only people who got half a million people got out of there all the people
with money got out yeah well that was another thing too I mean how come it
took them the the moment that they saw and again I don't care what anybody says
the forecasters really blew this whole thing oh it's gonna become a category
two or three when it gets into the Gulf the minute they saw it and developing
into what it was category five they had three days three solid days to really do
a job of getting all those people out of there and they didn't do it I realized
some people you know are just hard to ask they refuse to leave but they just
didn't get the job done they should have every bus every uh every you know what I'm
saying yeah and even as it is now they've got a limited number they got
300 buses and the people that are sitting on a highway is there which they
went you know they the overpasses where they could find dry ground they they've
been dying right there in a highway because they haven't had any water right and
you know they're just brushing aside dead bodies they can you know they can't
do anything about that well that's that's because they're so understaffed
unprepared that they can't you know they're they're not even doing a job of finding
the people were still I don't know how you how you're prepared for a disaster
that magnitude you have to unless you just send in the troops yeah but our
troops aren't available right now exactly that's my point yep okay Neil on that note
I hope you have a good day oh Neil I own a filly she makes her debut Saturday at Mama
really yeah running for the first time right her name is my sis Liz okay
to deny out for she can run does that mean we're supposed to bet on her Saturday I mean well keep
an eye on it is trans yeah translation yeah don't beat around a bush you're gut
sad on your brains out take it right to the window just root for the horse so I could
come out to go to woodbine and bet on that yeah yeah just hope for for me so I can get the cash
you know who's gonna be a riding we don't know they were trying to get Joe it's at mom it's
your bravo yeah but I don't think bravo's available so I like Eddie King he's pretty good
writer there but he's no you know Larry King mix he owes the trainer and Nick is finding a writer
today a lot of think that hobby or costalano would fly heat this to ride your horse I don't think so
I think he has better things to do with Saratoga okay all right I'm glad you saw that movie that
makes me feel redeemed anyway like I'm not the only one that saw it and loved it oh yeah it's terrific
you know have a good day Neil see indeed right all right not see you know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
I'm dying of a land by any as a dolphin so no worst football team here there every gamblers
nightmare there every book he's dream they dance for any touchdowns not even one field goal and when
you say Miami you're so talking toilet bowl goes there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
number how many teams in the league 32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins go fed on them you'll always
lose but dolphins can't eat anyone can even beat the spread I wish that Vince Lombardi could come
back from the dead Nick Saven makes them practice while he wears that stupid hat till end up like
their last head coach that loser day one said and there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
number how many teams in the league 32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins I missed on Shula how about you
some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal stripes they're tight and like so we're got by feeding
up this wife half the team are criminals the other half sun drugs and this is what will happen when
you're trapped up on your dogs and they're the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how
many teams in the league 32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins they really are a monthly crew
but dolphins have no blocking they've got no passing game I've got just one suggestion they
often change their name to the Miami tampons and why do such a thing they're good for just one
period and have no second string and they're up Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
number how many teams in the league 32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
again the fans begin to boo you know the dolphins have no balls except the ones they're
playing with I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it it doesn't matter if he never
has another trope it seems that 15s playoff dreams have all gone up this hoax and they're the
Miami Dolphins oh Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number 4 what the hell 32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins now they're through
they're only good for one period they have no second string one of the great lines in a
history of mankind I would say yeah I'm pretty sure that the last preseason games tonight how
those tickets coming oh yeah you know we saw Ray Perry yesterday I asked and what did he say
he says you know we're not the flagship station anymore so he's gonna have to look into that
we're not the flagship station so in other words I'm not getting my tickets of all take the cash
thank you me too yeah no if I get the cash you're screwed but that's another story that's what
Duff said this morning you're fairy so yeah that's an interesting quote we're not the
fact ships and what does that have to do with it I don't I just don't understand what that
means in other words so that's in my contract that I get those tickets hey Ray Perry you you
and Detroit maybe they can lope I'd like to see that which one would be on top
oh welcome back one more to the uh the uh the uh
how frank it y'all of course a joining me in the studio today is a very very special guest
the diabolical and infamous pill popper run just for this occasion we had him bound me
again a win this is more effective your ginsengsa this way I won't get any neoconcudis on my hand
that's not right right you like that mr high moral ground there this is for white number one
white number white number all but look like you got on it who's here and uh addressed in uh pumps and
rubber I'm back to win for a week when we come back I will value it right before you want to
uh pull a cigarette bye
20 after 10 at 5 60 WQ and we got Moe with two mad dog if four uh hurricane hotline at seven o'clock
marlin game marlins are uh probably going on the road I would think or know they're taking it before the
meds come in I'm think you're important I said they just take it out like I said they just have a
day off before the med series and then uh the beast at nine o'clock which uh that's really do
something for you any k-10 that's our award winning schedule here at wqm where there's a big scandal in
the sales department but Troy has might have told us about it I'm gonna nail his ass to a crossman
now he did the rest this morning he just don't do that to anybody you know it's like that
that old tease you know you'd be dangles something out there just walk away like that thing has it
you always play just walk away exactly Eric did a real nice job on our website if you want to donate
to the american red cross and I hope a lot of people will although I have my doubts but if you want
to uh there is right at the very top of our website uh just click on donate now and it's also got
the toll free phone number but if you click on you can do it online and real and I I had no problem
getting right through I would I had the problem um so this came up a bit away just keep clicking
on it George is pulling yesterday 855 vote which best describes american news outlets corporate puppets
that was my vote 200 blathering idiots 184 death loving vultures 162 I was like a cn now he's
gotten into the uh maybe ricky sanchez taught them that when he got there but if it bleeds it leads
bit yeah that will let's read oh we can just back that up and uh show it again yeah whatever
grotesque stuff they got bodies floating in the water anything they've got man just you just a
bunch of grave robbers you can see it and should all be dead including especially the one it's
under right now misses no pictures just audio yeah misses laris a diversion 41 liberal 37 oh yeah
that liberal media grave robbers 31 hyperactive 3rd man too many ricky tiki sanchez people on
there religious cheerleader 17 fair and balanced 14 immature seven and warm mongres five
George is pulled on yesterday here's the facts from rick who's obviously pissed off and fired up he says
Hugo chava has offered his country's help actor pat don't call me a dictator robertson called for
his assassination I give George the perfect plan to evacuate those people but everything is in
Iraq gas is going through the roof Atlanta got up to six bucks a gallon for gas for regular
nuts of cream he says thank you mr. Bush you shmuck trying to be the big man by releasing from
the oil reserves the it doesn't matter how many barrels of oil released because they're no
refineries you're burning the gasoline you shmuck you any of you quizzling you you're fair
you pray for us Neil see with the border what says in my car converted into a boat going across
Niagara River or good luck to you let's go pay your leave now here's the deal or let me just
I was inspired for the poll today before we get in a little bit of this ground I'm not going to
spend four hours today well what what's the point you know gnashing my teeth and all the
recriminations and about this one didn't do that it's just obvious that your government is just
in fact the people in the states and Louisiana Mississippi and Alabama are just
foaming at the mouth with FEMA they're furious with the federal government
did you see Mary Landu on there the senator from Louisiana the other day no just reaming and ripping
an ass but nevertheless all the meaning and ripping isn't going to help those dead people
it's not going to help those desperate starving people and homeless people all the other stuff
that's going on here your government once again totally unprepared and see this and I disagree
with Hank when he said you know how could they have been prepared for a catastrophe of this magnitude
that's the point you have to prepare for the worst the worst case scenario and keep in mind when
it came on shore it wasn't even a category it was a strong four it was just under category five
strength when it finally made landfall am I right right four yes well I want to make sure I get
it right because then for I'll come in again on next Tuesday morning and bitch me out for
giving wrong information about the hurricane it's all your fault everyone was complacent that's
right I got everybody to complacent I didn't go on the year and say make your preparations now
it's coming sooner than later I didn't say any of those things but anyway I'm not even going to
go into it throw you an idiot okay but nevertheless so the movie that suds thank you suds Coleman
I thought it was you I thought you were talking about it damn it huh no I told you that suds gave me
this movie to give to you standing in the shadows of Motown the soul behind the sound it's about
the funk brothers which was a group that backed up all of the great Motown artists in fact it says
they backed up more if I want to get it right more number one hits here it is then the beach boys
rolling stones Elvis and the Beatles combined making them the greatest hit machine in history
popular music and that inspired me to do the pool today and also go out and buy a whole bunch of
Motown and buy the soundtrack from this and also on this in the movie there are some people singing
they're none of the original singers from the songs you got all the musicians and they've got some
great people on there like Gerald the vert who does reach out I'll be there and Ben Harper which
I've never heard of been Harper before who's just sensational he's like the new Marvin gay man he
is fantastic he's even better than Marvin gay in my opinion everything that that's available for
him for free of course right of course for free so our poll question today is who was or is the
all-time best black recording artist or group now when they're like artists like Diana Ross you
know on a game she went out on her own all of the other stuff but I didn't I didn't duplicate in
the words she's partly supreme so I just put supreme so I'm saying I got it there are a whole
bunch of people like that like I didn't put the Jackson five I just got Michael well I got that
backwards but anyway we could change it no no because I picked whichever one made more sense to me
I didn't put Smokey Robinson I put the miracles I didn't put David Ruff and I put the
temptations you follow what I'm saying what he said I don't know I didn't put Martha reuse I
put Martha at any rate so here's what we got so far and it just let me say it again at one
thing about the South Florida crowd or at least our audience anyway you're taste in music and don't
ever ever tell me that my taste in music is bad again don't ever say that which I'm always
getting at because I'm an old toad okay because I don't like a rap and crap that's what they like
they like garbage see and and this proves this movie proves beyond a shadow of a doubt and as if
as old timers did I already know the us old coots that you know the R&B artists I mean from all
the way back to Fats Waller and there's so many others they they were the ones that really made
music they're the ones that paved the way for Elvis and all the others and the stones but
nevertheless don't confuse that with this crap that passes from music today I mean what the
look at I possibly know who is or was the all-time best black recording artist or group and you people
say Jimmy Hendrix is God oh my god could he sing no he's a great guitarist one of the great
guitar players of all time Jimmy Hendrix and one of the great pot smokers but great singer he was
a screamer well not that kind of screamer you know no he was just a shatter he was like what's
your name me and Bobby McGee oh Janice choplin Janice choplin yeah no seriously he was like a black
Janice joblin just a scre you don't see the comparison oh yeah a lot screamer a wailer
bad bad he wasn't a singer and he got him number one that just makes that makes my kishki's twist
what about chubby checkers being in the push we put chubby on there
works which is chubby checker on there Jimmy Hendrix 31 Ray Charles 28 Bob Marley 18 month see
this is your influence see Jimmy Hendrix and Bob Marley it's the let's roll up the big fat one
into Miami Harold and Smoker that that crowd 19 cool 17 tied with the temptation 70 that
king cool was like a black Perry coma what are you people talking about that king Cole oh please
baby cracker please Michael Jackson 11 Marvin Gay 11 Stevie Wonder 8 Chuck Berry 7 Afro man's got five
I might have to play a little Afro man not too much James Brown 4 Otis ready four elephant zero
four Prince four Louis Armstrong three hello daddy yeah he was a great Charlie pride tree
platters three the supreme is only three comedors two Ben Harper got another one I voted for Ben
he's great he is so good at scary he's done oh my he got a pair Sammy Davis Jr. 2 Lionel Richie 2
which scary two pack two he's still dead ludicrous one spinners one gratis night one Sam Cook one
Disney's tile got one biggie small of go one the unworrwork one are we through Franklin one fat
stomato one four tops one and none yet for earthwood and fire very white the O.J.
Marvel left Edwin star Jimmy Ruffin Jackie Wilson very well as Whitney Houston
Lou Rawls Ja Rule Janet Jackson's Shylights Martin DeValle's the Islay Brothers or the miracles
out of our first how many we got 200 vote man oh Jimmy I have a message for Larry stop
faxing Larry about what whatever his multi-page faxes that the newspapers won't print we don't
want to hear it either Larry go away okay yeah we're just out in the mood for rubbing bug by
chronic faxes like you Larry go away and come back another day crisis in New Orleans no kidding
huh that's the thing and of course Larry King has got 18 four hour specials on it with a great
panel he's got you know he deals with everything the same it's just another story and you know
one of the politicians is under a singer one of the whoever he had on the phone this isn't just
a story this is a you know human tragedy and we got that we're gonna be all over this story yeah
you're just a grave robbery in your suspenders by the way make it look like a hunchback
this is Neil Roger this is 5.69.8.
Hello and welcome to a current affair which is president thanks for calling in
while your on vacation where you now in Florida with my little brother Jeff George at this
rate you're gonna sit a record provocation time for any president ever I agree with you I think
what you're doing is really important right but we're with you and wish you all the very best
thanks for taking my phone call uh George who more questions now get back to work
but I should George
right
well like I said then half for his god he just stood the best he's even better than Marvin
yay I'm telling you right now yep believe me or not well they won't believe me because
they're taste like I said most of them isn't their tush here's an anonymous facts fake facts
trying to get me like all whipped up why are you always writing on the dolphins in addition
why you're always putting down the bush family Jeff George etc are presidents doing a good job
protecting us at home you should be thankful side anonymous I've two words for you anonymous
Yamama okay thanks for all you have to say to you uh brownwood residents urged still
in at gas use to avoid shortages worried that hurricane Katrina's Gulf Coast landfall may affect
fuel supplies and heating warnings from FPNL Florida plunder and loot cities throughout
brown county yesterday urged residents to conserve energy at home work in their daily commutes
in other words if you like uh let's say like live in voka and you work in uh north day like
mo just walk to work or to buy split huh all right or canoe can't you see mo coming to work on a
bike I can see that beach cruise room sure or maybe on one of those uh things of those uh
segways brown officials are putting together plan to make sure they have enough fuel for police
and fire departments they also have opened a fifth birth at four different grades for oil tankers
in the effort to bring in as much fuel as possible and thank you again by the way mr. President
for those low gas prices we don't have any hard data to lead us to believe there will be a shortage
county administrator Roger Dijar Lee said officials in four-loaded oil plantation highly and
dear field beach are also keeping close watch on their gas supplies and put out a bullet in the
city employees to limit their use of gas well back in the day we could have some good sound effects
for that but we haven't got any no mo we've been tapping off our fuel tanks and
notify our department heads to get priority to police and fire dear field beach city manager
Larry Dejan said as a precautionary measure Florida plunderer Lou is asking residents to conserve
energy the storm flick are we find ways and oil rigs at fpnl spokesman bill swank much of that
fuel that we use for generating electricity is being restricted now not willing to take a chance
on shortening jr just try to beat higher prices motorists lined up for gas in some local stations
I saw the clips on that manager just lined up uh eight million long like a bunch of crazy people
cars packed the BP gas station open park Boulevard north west 21st avenue somewhere they're just
because they need to top off their tanks well isn't that nice tanks a lot other such as oscar
teo and a 17 year old daughter stockpile gasoline while regular was still available 269 to gallon
it was in third visits Tuesday it's gonna go up to 047 or four-loaded oil said Wednesday filling
your five gallon gas container I have five of these babies he also has a van in two cars with
full tanks for frank maroon on maroon that's what they're saying about the hurricane maroon when
did I strip to the pump was routine he fills up his pickup once away I don't want to read all this
so they're gonna like goug you and the rape you when it just continues the rape of the american
public and thank you again mr. president to even know your name is bush the evacuation of
the super almost suspended today after shots are reported fire at a military helicopter and
arson fires broke out outside the arena no injuries immediately reported the scene at the
super dome became increasingly chaotic with thousands of people rushing from nearby hotels
in other buildings hoping to climb out of the buses taking evacuees from the arena paramedics
became increasingly alarmed by the sight of people with guns that's one of the things that they
stole along with shoes not a lot of tons of a re-box and Nike's man it got some nice shoes and
video games a lot of people stealing video games and binoculars and you see all the stuff they were
yeah every plasma TVs and of course lots of firearms every kind of gun to take a five
steal the gun that reminded me of what was it over the omega man with Charlie oh yeah one of my
favorites yeah that reminded me of that scene shots were fired at a military helicopter over the
super dome before daybreak he said the national guard told him we were sending a hundred military
police officers to restore order that's not enough he said his circadian ambulance is based in
Lafayette Louisiana we need a thousand Lieutenant Colonel Pete Snyder of the Louisiana National
Guard said the military which was handling the evacuation of the able body from the super dome
had suspended operations to because fire set outside the arena were preventing buses from getting
close enough to pick people up just a little bit of chaos I would say and where's that story
about I got it here somewhere there it is oh seriously about the yeah I was telling Hank the first
bus to turn up at the Houston stadium arrived unexpectedly early an authority said later it
apparently had been commandeered and driven to Houston with its load of passengers eager to escape
a city lacking electricity and fast running sure to food and water people on the bus some of
whom described heroin conditions in the super dome were allowed and did you see that the two people
committed suicide they just jumped yes we're allowed into the assidum which is installing thousands of
cuts where Houston's professional baseball and football teams once played and keep in mind in the
places that were hit by the store by the hurricane there's not only is there no drinking water there's
no there's no water period in other words there's a we can't there's no toilets to be flushed is what
I'm trying to say delicately so if there are things floating in the water the best alligator just
they keep talking about dead bodies floating in the water I think there may be worse things floating
in the water 50 roll they call those floaters um something to Houston from the destruction of
Orleans expressed anger they couldn't join those from the super dome skates will be temporarily
housed in the assidum and there were some people that you know they they listen to the advisories
on the weekend and they got in their vehicles and they drove to Houston and they went to the
assidum and those people aren't being let in they're happy let in they're with their little kids
their families and they're not being let in so in other words if they're not coming on the buses
so what they probably there's people are going to have to do is come and do one of the buses when
it gets to town gets to Houston you mean hi Jack well I didn't say that come in here here's a
fact this is I see there are charity events and telephones being set up for the hurricane having
said that I feel with billions of dollars going out for a pointless war troop strength low because of
that what a joke I have compassion for the disaster but to put the bill on or in this uh or this in
some way rubs me the wrong way this is a government problem they should pay with well guess what
they're not going to okay Jesus good guy I mean his points are all valid and you're absolutely
correct in the test cuts for the church which I have that story about the picky in times in
Louisiana which had warned about this whole thing going to happen for a long for years now but in
the meantime this business is standing back and say well you know we warn you people and above
just be one of those you know totally so kind of people that doesn't get the job done just like
the media now with all you know it's fine that they're you know ripping an ass that's great and
they're right about not being prepared enough but what good is that do right now don't we have
plenty of time to do that all the recriminations like later on after we like scrape up all the dead
by did you see that there were caskets it looked like a scene out of passions like like look like
a tsunami on passions a few weeks ago there were caskets floating in the water yeah already occupied
a lot of evil just the beyond beyond description beyond words and you know FEMA we're doing a great
job or really no you're not you're doing an embarrassing it but like I said recriminations later
click on the red cross thing on our website donate a few bucks this is Neil Rogers this is 560 QA
yeah
stench of pal manure covers over this performance by the dolphin
think about it
about the prices you pay to feel the quantity after the quarter fish and bullet
seniors laden it over the prices price and you can't give the film a let's you clearly tell us just why
things are so fast everywhere
and let's see you know they will charge for fair
best thing to do you should try to see how long to walk to what they will be
prices so high at the cost price is so high at the cost
it's that higher price
thirty
and
I'm in the shadow of love, I'm in the shadow of love
I'm in the shadow of love, I'm in the shadow of love
I'm in the shadow of love, I'm in the shadow of love
I'm in the shadow of love, I'm in the shadow of love
I'm in the shadow of love, I'm in the shadow of love
I'll be the...
It's not beginning at the beginning
at the beginning
It's not beginning at the beginning
for the two of us
beginning
For now we have to make that happen
From a moment years before
and then we're not apart
And show it to our kids
And show it, so we're back
Just for a moment
I'm in the shadow of love
Okay ... 10 47 and 5 60
here's an oya
We're back to Frankie LymAA
again. No one is offering French alignment. That's the same one dimension.
Leave these out there again. Now put a bottle just to make that go happy.
All right. Frankie Lyman. What a what?
Greatest black singer of all time. Not. I mean, I say this, I'd vote for him before I'd
vote for Jimmy Hendricks. All right. And Jimmy Hendricks has got a comfortable lead.
He'll win on our pool. I just, we ought to have like an asterisk next to that is in pardon
these people to just stoned off their ass. They don't wouldn't know a singer.
It's all name recognition with them. Whatever. Get out of here. Name recognition.
Yeah. State of mind name recognition. All of that. Is that what it is?
So there's a don't know who these other people are. They don't know.
I don't want to go into it. It's just too sad. I guess we could take a call or two because I got
to like some stuff on the hurricane and on the your federal government and on FEMA and all of
a sudden. Of course, the all of the dead people in the bag that stand peed. I'd like to pull it out to
you. The reason that that happened was like somebody on the fire on a crowded theater.
Yeah. Everybody panicked. And let me just say this to you. The rumor that was going around
is that there was a suicide bomber because they already they already had shot into the crowd.
The insurgents and there were some bodies laying around and oh, we got a suicide bomber and I'm
missing everybody panic. That's what caused the stampede. I just would like to point out and
passing out that anybody cares, especially the people in the media that before the Iraq
attacked by the US and its a couple of allies. There wasn't any. There were no suicide attacks
in Iraq and it was all of this bloodshed and chaos going on. You know, sometimes a dictator isn't
all that bad, especially one that we put in there in the first place, by the way. WDQAM,
Hey, Neil, you know bad news about that seal. You know, they shot it about what? You know,
that seal you were talking about it and I'm a specific shot. They popped the twice in the head
that Anderson Cooper was reporting. They said put them out of his misery. They shot
off. They shot off to Anderson Cooper in the head twice instead of the seal if I had a choice.
You're an idiot, Anderson. You're a quizzling. You're an invasible. You people on CNN, including
Mrs. Limbaugh. Our Rick Sanchez is in New Orleans. See what I'm saying? There you go. Oh,
does that answer all your questions? Birds, right? I rest my case. Thanks, whatever, Daron. You
just redeemed yourself. Now get a divorce and come to your senses. WDQAM. Hello? Hey,
Valley. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, I just want to have a question. We're all our countries
millionaire. We're still getting head turn of Donald Trump. Oprah, I've got to send some money in.
Don't send $2,000. Oprah. I mean, don't send any books or cars. Send some money. That big.
Oh, she gets another deal with a car manufacturer. She can send everybody her car. There's no
road to drive them on, but she'll like, you know, she'll email them. Get your car on an email.
That's a good idea. Excellent. We're going to email everybody in the audience a car.
WDQAM. Hello? Neil. Yes, sir. Why is it that nobody on the news or nobody's talking about?
The fact that every year there's more and more hurricanes and more and more stronger. I mean,
they are. I just got through reading articles about that on Tuesday. If you pay attention, sir,
if you get with it, if you don't understand about the global warming thing, which, and if you'd read
the stories on our website, you know, but he's right. They're not really talking to the media much
about the mainstream, so-called mainstream media. They're too busy doing their grave robbing.
They got lunatics covering it like. In order to see if we can find some people and as you're
as you're navigating to these like Ricky Tiki Sanchez. Oh, brother, no wonder they're hyperventilating
they're unseeing. That was the end when they hired that nut case. That was the end. They were
already right on the edge. They were wobbling like less Cooper would say. They were wiggle wobbling
right there at the edge. I think Bokobron wants to send me that wiggle wobble by less Cooper. I
got to dig around and find that. Remember that song? No. Oh, come on. QA and hello? Neil. Yes, sir?
Yeah, I got a nomination for the poll, which is maybe a little unusual, but it just fit the category.
Lay in team price. One of the main purposes. Right. Okay. Well, we call us a put how about my
Haley Jackson or even Mary Anderson? Exactly. There you go. Mary Anderson would be good.
Probably. Those are like real singers anyway. Excellent. Hey, when I took at the quarter of
state road 84 and Southwest 4th in Fort Lauderdale, their Anthony's restaurant. Gas is
$2.69 a gallon at the Amico. Uh oh. Well, that's the end of them. There you go. Thank you. Okay, thanks.
All right. What did you name all those again for me since? I bleonteen price. That's a L E O N T Y.
I don't know. Mary Anderson doing this. Mary and Anderson. I got it. Can you
call me? Helio Jackson. Jesus. God almighty. Let's have our own fund razor and send Josh back to
school. Okay. Why are you making them write all these names down? That's right. They're not going to
get votes anyway. No, but my Haley Jackson is going to get a voter too. You don't think? I mean,
she's no Jimmy Hendrix. The hell you can't. Oh, yeah.
Oh.
At least I was pleased that you knew who the hell Ben Harper was anyway. That was good. I must confess.
I, you know, on course, what a hell of aino. I'm so out of touch with life. But I mean, Ben
Harper is just great. Yeah. He's been around for a few years now. I'm disgusted. I can't find
that CD. I must have landed a somewhere. Oh, Jesus Christ. Well, I really need you to come through.
Thank God for suds. Yeah. Now, seriously, that movie. I don't want to say like it changed my life,
but it was just so because I grew up with all that music and it's just so fantastic, so sensational.
Damn it. All of these, all these fun brothers, these people that nobody ever heard of before.
You know, gave them some recognition. Speaking of recognition, suds will be here tomorrow.
Yeah. Just to back. So what does that have to do with me? I don't think you're tomorrow.
What does that have to do with me? Nothing. I'm promoting the only thing that they're interested in.
I don't care about you.
I got the wrong disc in there. I don't want to play that, but that's okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We'll take
a few calls and we'll get here. Bush Bungles did again. Federal government wasn't ready for Katrina.
disaster experts say did the catastrophe really have to happen? The times picky in the New Orleans
newspaper repeatedly raised federal spending issues. It didn't have to happen. All of these
things and your media like you like we said, other busia hyperventilating, which is what they do
best. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Not there. I'll take one or two more and I'll get out with
my agenda. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Is this Neil? Sounds like me. Yeah.
All right. Neil listen. I just want to say I have that DVD. It is the most fantastic piece of work
that you guys were hitting away. It's so many years and now that they've been broken
alive just great. I just want to say that. That's really correct. Right. And the
performance by Joe Knox born to that Jimmy Rubin. I want to come to the program.
What is it? It broke in hearted. Yeah. It's dynamite dynamite.
It's fantastic. I'm so glad that you're pushing this because it should have been pushed
a year ago when it came out. Thank you for your time and a great day.
Okay thanks a lot Polly. I'm pushing it. Aren't you pushing it?
Every day.
The
ritual
I'm a huge man,
Won't be come,
No, no, no, no,
And I'm a huge man,
Oh, don't, don't, don't,
No, I'm a huge man,
Now, be fun,
I know I've got to come,
Don't come,
I'm a huge man,
Hey, hey, hey,
I'm a huge man,
No, no, no, no,
I'm a huge man,
I'm a huge man,
I'm a huge man,
Yeah, really,
Honey, come, come,
Here
I walked this lat
I'm a huge man,
I have薪
So time may be so big,
We would have
But time may become
So time may be
So time may come
Here is your poll for tomorrow,
Who do you like better,
Jon asked Bourner Jimmy Roughen
I mean, just identical. Of course, you got the same musicians doing all the, you know,
all the, all the right music, but it just, and she is good. She's great. And also Gerald
Laverte, reach out and I'll be there. I did a great job. Thanks a lot, by the way, for
us straight me out. I never heard of him either. You ever hear him? No. Gerald Laverte,
right? You're a pervert. I'll be there.
Just remember you took this. And your world's proudest woman down.
Tell me! Come on, girl. We got for me. We got for you. See, we could be doing like our own
time-life special here, you know? The first days the department was on top of things instead
of running around spreading rumors like Troye, yeah. Oh, we wish he was. We wish he was
wet spread. She was wet, you know. You're spreading it. That's what Serant told me he was
spread that I can't tell you what but I don't ever less. Oh,
anyway, she had this big scrap on deal. So Al Jolson, somebody
says the joke facts here. Don't put it on there. By the way,
Josh, I'm going to say that real fast because no one, Josh,
you would know Al Jolson from your mama. Who? Jimmy Wilson says he
was black wasn't he? The face delipsed Manny. Manny, how I
know? No, he was not black. He was Jewish. No, Sammy Davis,
either. Frank says being that I like rock hard type rock music,
there's only one black group actually in Jolson, two in that
group is seven dust. You know seven dust? Yeah. Yeah. Really?
I guess I'm out there left in the cold again being old and
gray. Another black rock group was in living color, but they
were very lame. It says well, as for Hendrix, he was a great
solar guitarist, which is correct, but the sound of the use for
his albums was horrible. Yeah, it was all distorted. Like,
I don't know, like, like, what's that? What do you say? But they
like that because that's why he's leaving our poll, Jimmy
Hendrix, he the best. 45 votes, Ray Charles 38. Yeah, they're
Neil Rogers. This is 516.
This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any
questions?
I went to Dalton's training camp. I asked Nick Sabin
who will it be? Will it be AJ? Will it be sage? Here's what
Dixit to me.
God's for us, for us. Our starting to be will be. I think we'll
have victory with the rock for us. Just you wait and see
me. I saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a
bad dream. I saw him from the drop of all it made me want to
scream. God's for rock. He got what ever it is you need. Your
offense has gone to sea with for us for right. He can't score to
these. Just for right. For right. Media. If you play for
right. You will be sorry.
She can't help but you look outside. I didn't believe my
mother called me. She said it's not you're going up now.
Pretty soon you'll take a ride. And then she said.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God. You can't be God.
That is a great line. They only heal fast one period and they have no second string.
The government was not prepared to script on storm spending and shifted its attention from dealing with natural disasters, defying the global war on terrorism.
The disaster preparedness agency at the center of the Relief Effort is FEMA, which was developed by the new Department of Homeland Security.
Let me take it back, which was developed by the new Department of Homeland Security with a new mission aimed at responding to the attacks of al-Qaeda.
What you're seeing is revealing weaknesses in the state, local and federal levels at Eric Tilbert, who until February was FEMA's disaster response chief, all three levels have been weakened. They've been weakened by that version into terrorism.
You know all those terrorist attacks we've suffered here? That's right. After 9-11, an interview yesterday, a civil man and women who've led relief efforts for dozens of fellow hurricanes, tornadoes, and earthquakes over the years, chastised the current disaster leaders for forgiving these simple Boy Scott motto, Be Prepared.
Bush administration officials say they're proud of their efforts. Their first efforts emphasized rooftop rescues over providing food and water for the victims already safe.
We're extremely pleased. Get them off the roof and let them starve to death and fry in the sun and die from heat stroke.
We're extremely pleased with the response of every element of the federal government and all our federal partners have made a terrible strategy.
A Secretary of Homeland Security, Michael Trudeau, said during a news conference once in Washington and wanting to speak to a lot of people including me, we're throwing up.
The agency has more than 1700 truckloads of water, meals, tents, generators, others, supplies ready to go. He said, ready to go.
Federal health officials have started setting up at least 40 medical shoulders. The Coast Guard reports rescuing more than 1200 people.
But residents, especially in Baloxie, Mississippi, said they're not seeing the promised help. And night-rider reporters along the Gulf Coast said they saw little visible federal relief efforts other than search and rescue teams.
Some health started arriving Wednesday by the truckloads, but not everywhere.
We're not getting any help yet, said the Baloxie Fire Department Patent and Chief Joe Boni. We need water. We need ice. I've been told it's coming, but we've got people in shoulders. We haven't had drinks since the storm.
The slow response to Katrina and poor federal leadership is a replay of 1992's Miss Handling of Hurricane Andrew, said former FEMA Chief of Staff, Jane Bollock, a 22-year veteran of the agency.
Bollock blamed inexperienced federal leadership. She noted that Trudeau and FEMA director Michael Brown had no disaster experience before they were pointed to their jobs.
The slowness is all too familiar to Kate Hale, as Mami's disaster chief during Hurricane Andrew, Hale asked, where the hell's the cavalry?
I'm looking at people who are begging for ice and water and a presence Hale, said yesterday. I'm seeing the same sort of thing that horrified us after Andrew.
I realized it got a huge job. Nobody understands better than I do what they're trying to respond to, but it ain't getting done.
Vulget cuts have made disaster preparedness any easier. Last year, FEMA spent $250,000 to conduct an ATA hurricane drill for a mock killer storm hitting New Orleans.
Some 250 emergency officials attended. Many of these scenarios now playing out, including a helicopter in evacuation of the Superdome, were discussed in a drill for that fictional storm named Pam.
This year, the group was to design a plan to fix such unresolved problems as evacuating sick and injured people from the Superdome and housing tens of thousands of stranded citizens.
Funding for that plan was cut, said Tolber, the former FEMA disaster response director. A lot of good was done, but it just wasn't finished, he said.
He was the disaster chief of the state of North Carolina. I don't know if it would have saved more lives, it would have made the response faster. You might say it could have saved lives.
FEMA wasn't alone in cutting hurricanes, spending into New Orleans in the surrounding area. Federal flood control spending for Southeast and Louisiana has been chopped from $69 million in 2001 to 36 and a half million this year, according to budget documents.
Federal hurricane protection for the Lake Potschentrain vicinity in the Army Corps of Engineers budget dropped from 14.2 million in 2002 through only 5.7 million this year.
Louisiana Democratic Senator Mary Landry requested 27 million this year. She got 5.7 million. 22 million short, still short.
And now this was a couple of days ago this article. So I'm not going to like try to change it around. So obviously it's already dated, but that's not the important part of it.
Even though hurricane Katrina moved well north of the city, the waters still keep rising in New Orleans late Tuesday. Luckily, thank goodness they've stopped doing that. They're starting to receive a little bit.
That's because Lake Potschentrain continued to pour through a two block long break in the main levee near the city, 17th Street Canal, with much of the crescent city, some 10 feet below sea level, the rising tide may not stop until it's leveled the massive lake.
New Orleans had long known it was highly vulnerable to flooding on a direct hit from a hurricane. In fact, the federal government has been working with state and local officials in the region since the late 1960s on major hurricane and flood relief efforts.
When flooding from a massive rainstorm in May of 95 killed six people, Congress authorized the South East Louisiana Urban Flood Control Project or SEALA.
Over the next 10 years, the Army Corps of Engineers tasked with carrying out SEALA spent $430 million on insuring up levees and building pumping stations with 50 million in local aid, but at least $250 million in crucial projects remained, even as hurricane activity, the Atlantic Basin increased dramatically, and the levee surrounding New Orleans continues to sigh.
I'm getting sure to talk about it. And after 2003, the flow of federal dollars towards SEALA dropped to a trickle.
The Corps never tried to hide the fact that the spending pressures of the war in Iraq, as well as homeland security, coming at the same time as federal tax cuts for the rich, was the reason for the strain.
At least nine articles in the Times-Pikio newspaper in New Orleans, and from 2004 and 2005, specifically cite cost of Iraq as a reason for the lack of hurricane and flood control dollars.
New House News Services, an article posted late Tuesday night at the Times-Pikio and Webstar reported, no one can say they didn't see it coming.
Now in the wake of one of the worst-terms ever serious questions are being asked about the leak, about the lack of preparation.
Good job, and again, there's another reason for the war in Iraq. It's just a disaster. The word impeachment keeps spinning around, speaking of the spinners, spinning around in my mind. Why is it taking so long?
Why is the media continuing to suck up? Can you explain it to me? The corporate opinion? Absolutely, unacceptable, unbelievable, tragic. Thousands of dead people, the final tool in this summer freight is going to make the people who died in the 3,911, pale into one significance. Thousands of people. You ain't seen nothing yet.
Because under all of them, they keep showing these aerial shots, all the houses that are collapsed and just the piles of wood and brick and whatever. And there's bodies all over the place. Plus the ones that are floating by in the water, they said that they had to push the bodies back with sticks. You following this? Yeah, the group are the poles.
1113, they're white, but when we do the white pole, let's do one on white people. Ever do white pole?
308, they're all often. 318 votes. Jimmy Hendrix 53, Ray Charles 44, Bob Marley-Mon 28, Bob Marley. Temptations 22 and 19, cool 19. The result of the pole are making me want to caca all over the place. I just can't deal with it.
Meal. Peter Jennings, what a life. Oh, I mean, tremendous. What a cause.
I don't know any dead celebrity joke. No, ma'am, and if I did, I wouldn't say so.
Baldwin City, Kansas. Hello. Yeah, Peter, are the rumors true? Is hell really a couple degree cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie? I think the answer is yes. But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today.
Summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings. Hello. Hi, gentlemen. Hi, Mr. Jennings. Is there a lead on music and a hell? Yes, it just happens. It goes on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after.
Oh, my. I think that would make my ears bleed. Oh, many do indeed. One more call we have on the left. Downers grow the linoid. Hello, Mr. Jennings. What would you like for Christmas?
I would like to have a little bit of Christmas. I would like to have a little bit of Christmas.
I would like to have a little bit of Christmas. I would like to have a little bit of Christmas. I would like to have a little bit of Christmas.
I would like to have a little bit of Christmas. I would like to have a little bit of Christmas. I would like to have a little bit of Christmas.
My million Tiara's baby milk because we don't have Christmas stock.
Our baby is certainly on there, too.
Why is there a thousand or more of him?
I'm taking it one thing, I leave my stuff as he would know Jimmy Hendrix, you know that?
No.
20 after 11 to 5, 60 WQAM, maybe you take a call or two.
WQAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
I've got one from your poll and he's from Australia, New York.
Ronnie James D.L.
Here's the fact that this is Ben.
I'm going to get a heart for his murder, which I saw this when I looked him up on the line.
Spotted, I forgot to mention it.
Thank you for reminding me, married to Laura Durn.
Okay.
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
See, look at the education we're getting on this show.
Who says it's not an educational show, huh?
Right?
That's right.
Even he agrees.
Don't forget the mole man, too.
Try to forgive it.
First is September.
Can you believe that?
Boy, one more week of this game and then we're back to the regular.
All our choice is, you know, wasn't he was just stirring up rumors about the sales manager
getting canned or something?
Also, it says here, listen, I'm going to fix his ass.
You think Jesus was bad on that cross at a tough time.
You just wait, Troy, pull that crap with us.
And then he comes in bitching me out for not hyping the storm enough.
I'm supposed to know.
I'm supposed to be the meteorologist, you know?
Gerald DeVert recently toured with his father, O.J.'s lead singer, Eddie LaVert.
I don't even like that, where I was with Pervert.
LaVert.
I would have said LaVert.
Thanks a lot, Duff.
Hey, Duff, did something constructive today?
You're fairy.
Also, it says I like Bootsy Collins's comic rendition of the Motown Sound Like Cool Jure.
Yeah, Bootsy Collins was great on there.
Isn't that on the, oh no, don't tell me it's not on here on the CD?
Damn it.
Oh yeah, it is.
The problem is I don't have the CD in the thing.
Well, we'll wait.
No, but all of these because you've got all the same people playing all the same instruments.
You've got, you know, and all the same backup singers too, by the way.
Well, I would see, I'd talk more intelligently with you about it when you ain't seen the yet.
Right.
I will.
Oh!
That's kind of like a song about twice grand, for at least the last part of that Cool Jure.
You're not too full of trouble, you're really up.
Oh, by the way, Bootsy, nice outfit too.
It says, you may want to get the Motown 25th anniversary CD, you said, I have it right here
as a matter of fact, it's got commentary and interviews, but I don't want to board the
audience with that.
They're probably already peeled enough that I'm playing some of this music.
Too bad, okay?
Too stinking, freaking bad.
You can't talk about ball games all day, every day.
Well, we'll say that for George tomorrow.
That's right.
It says, you want to try the DVD dramas, the temptations and the five heartbeats, you see
those?
No.
Nor did I.
Before Motown, very Gordy wrote songs for Jackie Wilson, it says.
Jackie Wilson, who that?
Is he still there?
Poor Jackie, he had some tough times.
I just looked at a poll, Jackie Wilson has one vote.
You know, there's something wrong.
There's something in the drinking water.
Maybe it's still left over from that storm from the Katrina.
See, you take Katrina what it did in Florida, even in Bayed County, and then you multiply
times 500 and then you've got what it did in the Nullings and Bootsy and Delphore.
One vote for Jackie Wilson.
I mean, he's no getting a Henry, so I'll get it then.
Jackie Wilson, my heart is fine.
No, no, no, no.
My bill is fine or short.
Of course the problem being just like our buddy Josh didn't there.
He wouldn't know Jackie Wilson from Brian Wilson.
Am I right?
Am I right?
I'm not.
Yeah, or Craig Wilson.
Right.
Or Mr. Wilson.
Or Wilson Phillips.
Or Wilson Pickett.
Ever seen Wilson Pickett?
All the time.
You've seen Moe Pickett.
Yes, do do do do do.
He true and also have lots of non-Motown acts like Eurethra Franklin, MC5, Bob Seger, Ted
Nugent, Iggy Pop, Alice Cooper, Kid Rock M&M, Bob James, Anita Baker and The Winons.
It's, let's see.
He goes, this tune in, can you repeat the name of the movie you're talking about?
Low-town rocks, rap sucks.
Amen.
Absolutely.
Correct.
Correct.
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the name of the movie.
It's on DVD.
It's on your BVDs and you can also get the soundtrack.
And the soundtrack is called Standing in the Shadows of Motown.
What a concert.
Let's see.
We got also two packs.
There's a lot.
Al Green on there.
Why not?
Al Green's okay.
I certainly wouldn't say is the fact.
Like record, huh?
Two packs.
Two packs.
A two pack, the honor.
How's two pack doing?
You got a voter too?
In fact, if two packs got more votes than Jackie Wilson, I'm going to, he's got three.
Jackie Wilson's got one.
Oh, man.
It makes my heart bleed.
Holy moly, rat man.
But Al Green deserves to be on there.
Oh, he's no Bob Green.
No.
Thank God.
Hey, man.
How come you're so torpy, man?
26 past 11 at 5.
60.
I wonder how your old friends over there, I would do.
You hear from any of those people anymore?
Are your good, high signs, your good buddies?
Oh, everyone's in love.
Greg Fadek.
We hear him on the commercials.
Cheryl Riftkin, Mike Disney.
He was always fond of you.
Riding the mic at the bar.
While back at work.
But how unusual.
Mike Disney at a bar.
What a concept.
Was his nose still glowing?
27 past 11 at 5.
60.
It's one thing you have to power over when I went out at IOD.
We always used his nose as kind of like a flashlight.
That was great.
What was the last time he really indulged yourself?
A week ago, months ago, even longer, Dalmatris and Certa want you to indulge yourself
every night with Certa's perfect night mattress line.
Right now when you call 1-800 mattress, you can get tremendous savings.
Save up to 900 bucks off the Dalmatris factory direct prices.
The perfect night feature, served as high as coil counts, finest quilting and memory foam
for the ultimate and comfort.
You'll sleep like a baby.
The Certa sales for a limited time, you're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels
while supplies last.
Dal, 1-800 mattress and get delivered within an inch or a window that you pick.
I've been telling you about this for years and it's not a gimmick.
They really do it.
You want to be home from one to three, two to four, whatever, and they show up.
Chances are they have the mattress you want in the size and comfort level you're looking
for.
Ready for same day delivery.
If you had like mattress damage, water damage in your house during the hurricane and you
need a new mattress desperately, this is the way to do it.
Pick up the phone.
You'll be knocking on your door in no time at all.
Dalmatris continues being ranked number one in customer satisfaction, which is why I
use them.
And George and Momentiel, even the anxious fat boy, are just a few of the QA Amers who
are satisfied customers and you will be too.
Don't put it off another minute.
Call 1-800 mattress right now or log on to their website, mattress.com.
Call today.
You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
Call 1-800-MAT-R-E-S.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Sensational Stupendous Savings.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69-A-M.
Do you want to see the
last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to everybody happy
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
I want to see the last S.A.
And I might get shot
It's endousy that soldiers got boy
It's endousy and I might get shot
She's here W. Mokanshan
You can't go so to my girl
You never, never do this before
I'm so here, you never, never do this
Why do you go so to my baby boy
I'm not a cop, I'm a cop, I hate you
I'm not a cop, I'm a cop, I'm a cop, I hate you
I'm not a cop, I'm a cop, I hate you
I'm not a cop, I hate you
I hate you, I hate you
I have this kind of like a new technique I use mentally
And it is that any time I hear a song like that
I just tune out the part of my mind that will recognize Michael Jackson
The singing line makes life a lot easier
Well what I do is that wasn't the Michael Jackson that we hate
That was the different Michael Jackson
Before he was a little kid who we liked a lot
Nice fine, that was before we started molesting little boys
And stuff like that, different person
Anyways black, that's right
That's right, that's right, that's right
I was actually black, a good point Josh
Leave it to Josh to come up with it
By the way, how's the tickets coming?
Or the cash, remember man
No, it's a good thing that you brought that up
Because knowing this out that they'd like to kind of slide right on by with that whole deal
And they have either cough up the tickets or give me the cash
Which at this point in my life, I'll take the cash
Yeah, I wouldn't mind getting the tickets and giving to you
But how come they don't have any
Just because we're not the fag ships they stay standing more is that it?
I guess I said something but I figured maybe if you
You may just think about it maybe somebody would tell me
Well I'm gonna make a stink about it all right
Because it's part of the deal you know it's like getting paid
It's the same thing, it's part of the deal
And I realize that Greg Reed when he makes a deal
You can just wipe your ass with it
But at the bottom of my hand you always have to like go through a song and dance to get what you have coming
But that's just the way it goes with it, it's the beastly effing way
Come on Ray Perry cough up some tickets okay
And since Josh is the one who's gonna get it he didn't care where to
I'm just kind of surprised that you can't sit up in a press box
Being the Marlon Hot Shot that you are
Having all the contacts in the stadium that you got
And I say that sarcastically knowing what a hard ass organization the dolphins are
I mean I could go up there for like you know a game if I guess if I wanted to
Yeah but I need to see that
And let me ask you this what about the QAM box
What about a sky box
Yeah and what I told you
I'm gonna be like trying to blind
For sales people
I mean being a client that goes
Sales people you mean like Troy Stratford just like that
I'm gonna tell you if anybody runs into Troy Stratford
Okay just run into him harder
I mean he just really this one
When he pulled this morning was absolutely positively unacceptable
And in fact I think he ought to come in and spill the beans on the air
About the sales manager getting canned
Anyway here's a fact that says he probably won't get any votes beside mine
But Nina Simone was in his fantastic and you're right
Hope Nina Simone
Don't you know Simone she's the lesbian on the passions
She's the lesbian daughter Whitney sister you know Whitney the nun
No
Sooner man recently part of the musical school in study
They're also the remake of Thomas Crown Affair
She is those
Anyway Nina Simone
Can you handle it Josh
Yes I am O.N.E
Look at this facts my god from Alfred
Oh and Baton Rouge so it might be worth a read
It says we're doing relatively well here in Baton Rouge
Well they didn't get much
We're very lucky not to have received as much damage as New Orleans and it's around here
Is Baton Rouge has become a temporary housing center for many of these displaced people
The hotels are full and we have so many people living out of their cars and parking lots
Of places such as Walmart, Loads
Or any other large parking lot
I work with the Department of Environmental Quality is a paralegal
And we've been using our conference rooms for temporary housing for displaced employees
Of state and federal agencies
Many people here in Baton Rouge are still without power
Many streets are still living with down power lines and trees
Some of the rural communities on the outskirts of Baton Rouge are dealing with flooding
And thus unable to get out food and water
Etc. But for the most part the people of Baton Rouge were very lucky and you shouldn't have any complaints about Nutton
Ironically I moved from West Palm Beach to Baton Rouge
Last October after dealing with Hurricane Jean and Ivan
Oh maybe that's what that maybe effort maybe their hurricanes are following him around
Huh let's be good keep going moving up
My wife is to blame for the move and now I'm thinking I should divorce her ass
I love your show with the speakers here in the Legal Affairs Division
I have it on and so we need to hire you at your best
What does that mean?
I have your show on over the speakers here in the Legal Affairs Division
So we need to hear you at your best
How about it my like mediocre okay
I mean he's got a way this is a Republican country
And so Rip Bush and Ask every chance you get
Maybe these Yahoo's will begin to realize they were sold a bill of goods by that clown
The dangerous clown
The only clown even close to being that dangerous was John Wayne Gacy
Only Bush is responsible for the deaths of a hell of a lot more people than that queen
And lastly check out the article by the legendary John Dean by way of reminder
Yeah we know who John Dean the article was too long to fax but is a must for you and your audience
Well I hate to break the news to you every it was on our website a couple of days ago
In fact I read it on the year was I read part of it was Pat Robertson's call for assassination before and later a crime
Remember I read that? I do
On Tuesday and I said it's too long to read the whole thing and it's got a lot of legal stuff in there
And the whole thing is on our website even Joshua members that article right?
Damn right by John W. Dean
So every once again thank you very much and I'm glad you're okay in the city of and so on
But you know it's just like death comes in its way meaning well all the times
Piccoyote you see that I don't miss much okay deathmeister I don't miss much
If you really want to do us a good job go back there grab first record by the neck
And start squeezing real heavy duty and squeeze it out of it
And we have information too yeah like a zit
Tom says can somebody explain to me why gas on my meat is 10 cents more expensive than any place else in Dave County
Don't they get the gas in the same places everybody else shut up and keep pumping okay
I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard that no not lately
Oh but who might have speak for you okay how is that pull coming let me say to you
Sucks call minutes good isn't ironic you're having them on tomorrow oh nice not so outstanding man appropriate
Even if it was only
Just the stomach that harpoon why I think in this you know it's so good a scary
You sign them up
Standing in the shadows of most I'd go out and buy the DVD in the soundtrack right now and put it by DVDs
Or just steal it what are you like
Just do some of that knowledge of a man just when they do a little root
Little absolutely
And you'll be rooting
That's not it that's not the one
Oh I know what I want I want to play Ben Harper is one of the play a little bit up sorry
I wonder if he ever was in Harper Woods you ever been a Harper Woods no how about gross point was no how about this gross point
I've been gross
How about guy grows from band old anonymous
Oh I've been to wonder how I want to
I've thrown candy to make the fool
Cause I'm a little girl you know before
But take it to a world of times you know I love you more
It took a bite to purr and I was a baby
When I was five I was a baby
I was just going that I heard you the best fine
I'm not the guy who would you be in mine
Yeah I heard you the best fine
And I was just about to do my heart
Runnin' on here
So good it's kind of scary even better than Marvin Gaye
I think you don't think?
I think and that's for a question of like Marvin Gaye anyway because you don't like his name
Gay that's it that's why every time we do that thing about Marvin Gaye and the Beach Boys you go into this
And nobody likes the Beach Boys and I think of all the love the Beach Boys make
I make your pardon of all the comparisons
What?
Like what do they have to do with each other it's like comparing it out to other people
I said that Marvin Gaye was a much more influential and much greater talent
And I'm giving a soul some of the names about the Beach Boys
He was going saying he was good but the Beach Boys were like that
He was saying lollipop, lollipop
He was saying fly, not artistic, groundbreaking, wonderful stuff
Where you at?
Well you be 19 till noon at 560
Double and what's going on?
Marvin, don't go over there to see daddy
Oh geez
What a shame but now we got at least a good Ben Harper
When disaster strikes and this event of course it was hurricane Katrina
And your home or business has suffered water damage
There's only one place you ought to call and that's dry concepts
Dry concepts can remove excess water and dry your home or business fast
Using the latest innovations in dry technology
Dry concepts drying system can eliminate the need for cross-lay reconstruction and replacement of treasure belongings
Unhealthy mold and mildew conditions are eliminated by the proper use of specialized drying process
If the damage is more extensive dry concepts license contractors will provide needed estimates and professional services
So if water damage hit you hard in your home or your business or both of the above
Don't panic call the professionals the very best dry concepts
Call them today tool free at 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 to run the web. It's dry concepts.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69-8
Confensral Los Angeles
It's the new Ben Leia Coka Visalore
The new Ben Leia Coka Visalore
Who's our first guest?
Visal to the Pizzle and Visal to the Pizzle
I've got no idea who that is
Oh, I see a backstage. Please welcome Pam Anderson
You got Visal moves
I think I know what that means. You have tremendous knockers
How's Tommy Visal to Visal?
Oh, Tommy's doing things that they're new show and the new album
How did you understand the question of what he said?
I don't know what you said but it's time to take a break
Yeah, dog?
Who? Your dog, I'm Lee
Yeah, I'm just saying you dog, you're my dog
Okay, still the calm Jamie Par when Leia's new pretzels
CKW
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
That's not going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
I'm going to be a little bit more calm
Hugo Chavez
Hugo Hugo Hugo Hurricane Katrina when we know about that
The White House announced Tuesday Bush was cutting his nearly five week vacation by two days
Wow! What a trooper, huh? Man!
He served the devastation from Air Force One Wednesdays
He flew back to Washington
He was the I, him and the Alan Parsons project
He was the I, him and the Alan Parsons project
Earlier, Venezuela's Foreign Ministry reiterated Chavez offered to send fuel on humanitarian aid to the U.S
However, U.S. State Department's spokesman, Sean McCormick said he was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
He was not aware of any such offers of aid or order
I'm going to lock myself in the bathroom and slip my wrist
Do you believe it? No. No.
And of course, overshadowed by all of this
And of course, overshadowed by all of this and see they looked out again
I mean, it's a horrible way to look at it
But it's just the way the administration
No matter what kind of crap is going on
That they ought to respond to. And of course, they are also responsible for the horrible
Lack of preparedness and response on this thing
But overshadowed was the n141 dead in the Baghdad stampede
Plus 323 injured. Did you see any of the tape on this?
Yes. All the bodies, including tons of women and little kids,
And they just had sheets and people are going around looking under the sheets
Identified the bodies. Going from one body to another
That sounded steadily in northeast Baghdad
After a massive midday Shi'at religious procession yesterday
erupted into a chaotic stampede
Causing the drowning and trampling deaths of 841 pilgrims
Authorities believe a rumor raced through the crowd that a suicide bomber was in their midst
That created panic among the waves of pedestrians
Trying to cross the bridge over the Tigris River
The throngs of Shi'at faithful had been stopped by security checks and bogged down by concrete barriers
Three hours earlier an insurgent mortar attack near the Kha'adamiya Mosk killed seven people in the 36 others
None of this would have happened
All of those people would be alive in one piece today
Or it not for this wonderful glorious air racketack based on a bunch of lies
Based on the PENAC notion that they were going to go in
And it posed democracy where would a heli felt like it or at least their brand of it
Certainly enough for democracy that we remember in the USA
He won't see that in no mo
No mo
Don't forget mo some mo is better than no mo
We got Howard David of the two jim and did I say mo Howard David?
Mad Dog at 4 hurricane hotline at 7
The beast at 9 puts in a one of his rare appearances
Thank God and Ed Kaplan at 10
Ancient Eddie
Paul Craig Roberts on anti-war dot com writes
How New Orleans was lost
He says chalk up the city of New Orleans as a cost of bushes of rack war
There weren't enough helicopters to repair the breached levees in rescue people trapped by rising water
Nor are there enough Louisiana national guardsman available to help with the rescue where it hurts into patrol against the looting
The situation is the same in Mississippi
The National Garden helicopters are off on a fools mission in a rack
The National Guard is in a rack because fanatic on the Ocons and the Bush administration were determined to invade the Middle East
And because incompetent secretary of defense of Rumsfeld refused to listen to the generals who ruled them
There were enough regular troops available to do the job
After the invasion the arrogant Rumsfeld found out the generals were right
The National Guard was called up to fill in the gaping gaps
Now the guardsmen trapped in the Iraqi quagmire were watching on TV the families they left behind
Trap by rising waters and wondering if the floating bodies might be family members
None know where their dislocated families are but shades of fallujah they do see their destroyed homes
The mayor of New Orleans was counting on helicopters to put in place massive sandbags to repair the levee
However someone called the few helicopters to rescue people from rooftops
The rising water overwhelmed the massive pumping stations and New Orleans disappeared under deep water
What a terrible casualty of the Iraqi war one of our oldest and most beautiful cities a famous city a historic city
Distracted by its phony war on terrorism the US government had made no preparations in the event hurricane Katrina brought catastrophe to New Orleans
No contingency plan existed only now after disaster our FEMA and the Corps of Engineers tried to assemble the materials and equipment to save New Orleans from the fate of Atlantis
Even worse articles in the New Orleans times pick you in other public statements by emergency management chiefs in New Orleans
Make it clear that the Bush administration slashed the funding for the Corps of Engineers projects
Distracted and raised the New Orleans levees and diverted the money to the war in Iraq
Walter Mastry no relation to Jodermace to use to play shirt shop for Kansas City
Walter Mastry emergency management chief or Jeffers and parish told the New Orleans Times pick you in
It appears that the money has been moved in the president's budget to handle homeland security in the war in Iraq
And I suppose that's the price we pay nobody locally is happy that the levees can't be finished and we're doing everything we can to make that the case that this is a security issue for us
Why can't the US government focus on America's needs and leave other countries alone?
Why are American troops in Iraq instead of protecting our own borders from a mass invasion by illegal immigrants?
Why are American helicopters blowing up Iraqi homes instead of saving American homes in New Orleans?
How can the Bush administration be so incompetent as to expose Americans at home to dire risks by exhausting American resources and foolish foreign adventures?
What kind of homeland security is this?
All bushes achieved by invading Iraq is to kill and wound thousands of people while destroying America's reputation
The only beneficiaries are oil companies capitalizing on a good excuse to jack up the price of gas and Osama Bin Laden's recruitment
What we have is a Republican war for oil company profits while New Orleans sinks beneath the waters
This is Neil Rogeris. This is 5.69 am
This is Coach Don Juler and I sound like Bob Hope on acid
And I want to tell you it's the 12th of one hour or whatever it is
What now?
I want to check out my words
Mr. Seismore, I heard you're in a porn flick. That's not just a rumor, is it?
No, I wish I hadn't done it
Really? How come?
I couldn't believe what was happening to me
Can we watch it?
It's a disease
Great
Oh, oh no, oh no, oh no
Explosive action
What we have thinking
I only did these things
I didn't want my parents to be disappointed at me
There are many times I've been seen
What you come along and see
Here's the golden blanket from the WQM
Right now
You fell
Oh
She's a very good girl
But times you don't make up to my bias
She will never let your spirits down
Once you get all the streets out of town
She like the boys and the band
I rip down her baby
She's the only old and very fresh
When I make my move to her room
That's the right time
Please never hide please
So what they did to Royce A, our sales manager was leaving
It's a 12.03.05.60 WQM
Happy a Thursday
Here's September the 1st can you believe it?
I believe it
The 1st of September, I mean it, is really shocking
The way this, I know it's easy to say
It sounds corny in the trite
All of that crap
Tempest fugitive
What did I say Tempest?
What?
420
Oh man
Did you know that she had a fake
426 votes and our goal is 427
The 2P
So we got a shot
Yeah, it was a 2P
426 approval rating falls to a new low
Oh right
There is a little bit of hope here
And maybe the incompetence in the fact
Maybe this is going to, there'll be out of this grotesque
I know it in another trite cliche
You know out of the horror and the suffering into the disaster
We can find a little silver lining in the middle of all this crap
And maybe there is in the middle of all that water
Of all those horrible things and bodies and of the things floating around
Find something good at silver lining
That is that it shines a big fat spotlight
Like the article I just got through reading about the
Disassure that this Iraq attack has caused in so many other areas
And thank you again Mr. President for those bargain basement gas prices
Over six bucks a gallon for regular in Atlanta
Thank you so much
How could we have ever survived without these people stealing two elections?
Although we better not say that because some of you might wind up in jail just for hearing me say that
Rising gas prices and ongoing bloodshed in Iraq continue to take their tool on ill President Day
Who's standing with the public as sunk to an all-time low
According to the latest Washington Post ABC news poll
The survey found Bush's job of overriding at 45% down seven points since January
And the lowest ever recorded for this president and post ABC surveys
53% disapproved of the job that Bush is doing the Bushmeister
And you can see some reading you can see the smirking chimp in drag in there on our website
Like a whole bunch of Bush monkey pictures and underneath it a great video clip
Did you watch that?
Did I watch it?
A kid that's how it went up on there
Thanks to whoever sent those by the way
There's good stuff on there
You get a chocolate or two
I don't know if you'll laugh at your cry it's one of the things you know about a laugh or cry
It's kind of like when trust record comes in you don't know the laugh or cry
Or give a good gushry
The war has been a real drag on Bush's presidency for many months
But his Iraq approval ratings in the new poll were a little changed from two months ago
Despite widespread violence, a rash of US casualties
Anti-war protests outside the president's Texas range and growing debate about reducing US troop levels
What may have pushed Bush's overall ratings down and the latest poll is pervasive to satisfaction over soaring
Gasoline prices but thank you so much for those low gas prices Mr. President
Two-thirds of those surveys said gas prices are causing financial hardship to them or their families
Gas prices stand to go even higher after the hurricane
More ominously for the president six out of ten Americans said there are steps the administration could take to reduce gas prices
Slightly more than a third say that run up has been due to factors beyond the administration's control
But two-thirds over 60 percent say uh-uh
I supported him last year said Gina Coleman 29 a homemaker living in Camden County, New Jersey
That's bad news for her
I wouldn't vote for him again
It's gas prices the war just the way he's been handling things the rising gas is something that's been happening for a long time
And the prices are getting worse this makes me feel more negative about him
Definitely Bush also received negative marks for his handling of immigration the economy and social security
The majority of Americans supported the handling of kids campaign against terrorism against those terrorists
We know who the hell they are and we're doing my hell of a great job capturing the important ones
Aren't we we got Osama and Mula Bullo and Alzarkawi and Al Al Os no people do it
Al Azizwa Barwa here we know now Harry Carrie several thousand people have arrived at the acetate on the whole picture
In other words while the
Astridome can take 25,000 people there are people who are staying in other places right now in the Houston area
There are 55,000 refugees staying in Houston area
Hotels and motels also 100,000 in American Red Cross shelters in the Gulf region
Let me tell you one thing that they've got in several things in the Astridome that they don't have in the Orleans
They have two locker rooms in the Astridome which are their showers
When you got 25 or 6,000 people obviously it's going to well you know
Even if they're just all like piling there and have like
And you know stop and think about your going days and weeks with the same clothes whatever the clothes on your back are
That's what you got that's it and they got toilets wow what a concept and they have like water
They got water to drink and running water to shower and flush the toilet and things like that
And guess what else they have in the Astridome air conditioning
What a concept all of these things 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon and singular wireless lines
This should be a real good lesson those of you people who find a bit all this homeland security vs. Man
If this is what they're doing if this is the way that protecting us here at home might as well just all like to blow our brains out
Or just to jump off the super dome
Somebody Q a.m. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir
This is this whole thing is really sickening but what makes me sick the most is our president
I if I I don't understand how they're talking about all the looters and all that one of these people going to do
What were they going to do that nothing absolutely nothing if they were restore or why are they a stupid president
Call like maybe forthending the closest military base and have someone actually go over there and secure a place
Rather than just talking about it this whole thing is complete this disgusting and it and it all just broke up to
To nobody's going to help us because because they can't stand our president
That's why nobody's helping us you don't see any you don't see any folks coming around here with anything besides what we're bringing
Yeah, nobody is helping us. I don't care what they say. Oh well this one could have given us this and this one I want to see it
It's not there
Okay, little looked up to a frenzy when you say
Pist off and fired up is what the course that gets your juices flowing five six seven others and Mrs. Limbaugh on her again
I think it's I think it's appropriate that they've got her on there doing the news you know now that she's married I can't watch her
We can have Eva Brown maybe doing the news at ABC and and you people sir
And I say this you know we joke about it, but but now at a time like this when it's so serious and so grotesque
It's just almost beyond your imagination what these people are going through and the best that they peacock and do MSNBC is to keep that reader
Cause beyond a night at MSNBC and you're supposed to be one of the three 24 hour news networks
Seriously she is so
Embarrassing so juvenile so pathetic and the question she asked in that thin of excuse for a voice that she's been
This is not what you need to be putting on the arrow. Okay the network of John Chancellor and David Brickley and Chet Huntly and Tom Bulkaw
There be a lot of people like her
Oh my god, I just I watched that I just want to scream. I mean your choices are so few
I want to watch in the CBC coverage of it last night because it was Larry on there making a show out of it again with his panel
Larry's got the panel and everything is a show
And we're going to be all over this all weekend. I've got a three hour special
I mean this is you talk about a guy who takes himself much too seriously and too self-important
Get a life Larry. Okay get rid of their indistos suspenders and ditch the bag too by the way. Here's stories about a bag Larry in the bag
Wow what an aroma. Why not in QA and hello? Hey it's Bill. Yes Bill. Hey I think I kind of obsessed with his last night
There are bushes of speech all he does is real off numbers of bags of ice and this and that but I just wish he would I know he can't
But take control of this situation and for once in his life deal with something and get something done
It's an absolute joke. Yeah and it's upsetting very upsetting and I hope people realize what a freaking lawn this guy is
They don't realize it. We want to know why it's hard work. It's hard work. Don't you understand Bill? It's hard work
This man is an insult to the intelligence of the American public and the Congress of the Democratic Party
They have nobody to blame but themselves. They're a bunch of spineless cowards most of them and it just makes me want to gag
That America is a not a two party system to have a no party system because there is virtually nobody that really wants to
Stand up and scream and holler. How are Dean? You know just make an a screaming and holler and Dennis Cassinics little Dennis
Everyone's a step on yeah
What's more Howard?
But other than that and you know and lately what's your name?
Nerdnuck the school fees in the way a Diane finestein she's opening up a big push but other than that just move right along
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and leave a residence singular wireless lines
WDQ a.m. Hello
How are you?
Who I am?
How are you doing?
Pretty good. How are you doing?
The sound is very good. It sounds like me
Yeah, I agree with you about Rita God. She's like a pig you know a couple weeks ago maybe about a month ago
They put in like USA things that come in the Sunday favor. They had a half-page adverb and you should have seen it
They they airbrush their face to make it look so hot and I know I got news for you they could put you on there tonight
MSNBC and it would more seriously with no experience at all just reading the Q cars you could do a better job than me
I'm not a question that she asked her so soft of Morgan so I want to say her the things are really really bad
You should have seen the picture they may have looked like a playboy model so hot but she's terrible
And you write about the there's no party man a couple of questions ago
The other party would always find something to pitch about
Yeah, but this party this democratic party this looks like it seems like a player they got making pictures of their wives and stuff
They say exactly they're such chickens
You know what I'm saying?
They're like to you pali see people are pissed off and fired up now and rightfully so
There's just all sorts of garbage going on there's people done every single day in Iraq not just Americans and Brits and Aussies and New
Webberls but innocent people and yesterday this disaster there almost a thousand people died because
Everybody's in the state of panic because the suicide the bombers are all over the place
There were no suicide bombers in Iraq before we did the Iraq attack none zero well
There should be a lot of figures of no hands and these people are just trying to live their damn lives
And in the meantime to and those people have electricity the ones who are lucky enough to have any at all
Four hours a day at tops. How do you like to live every day with 20 hours of the day no electricity?
Not and of course drinking water forget about it
The conditions there are disgraceful with created chaos their civil war going on right now as I speak
Oh, but we've got the Constitution and we've got elections and freedom of John the March it's a lot of bull crap
Okay, when people take a country to war based on lies you think that they're going to stop lying at any point along on
Of course not if this man had any decency whatsoever just the tiniest Iota he'd be planning his resignation speech right now
He'd be sitting there with Carl Roevin as speech writers and they'd be right now and he'd be like on the TV tonight nine o'clock
Resigning okay what I've done is totally unacceptable and it was based on you know
I can still blame the CIA which is their favorite trick healthy information and bad intelligence
Yeah bad intelligence alright but not the kind of intelligence you're talking about a
President would lack of intelligence and look at 1215 already and I'm bop bop bop like that
You know we better get the break in getting worked up just like these colors now you see start breaking to your fall
Scratch it don't forget the DVD by the way go out and buy today
You'll love it if you're a Motown fan or just even like it a little bit standing in the shadows of Motown it is
Dino might was your car trucker van damaged by the hurricane did you experience water leaks
Painter body damage interior flooding electrical or computer problems if so take it to Armstrong Ford or
Armstrong Toyota of homestead they'll make sure your vehicle be repaired by experience technicians who know Toyota's and
Fords better than anybody else Armstrong Ford and Toyota of homestead have the most experience to
Recained damage repair facilities around don't take chances only certified technicians can properly diagnose your repairs and right now
They have licensed insurance appraises on premises so you can get your vehicle fixed quickly with no hassles either
General manager David Rich realizes you've been through a lot in the family owned Armstrong
Be reships are that they help you so get your vehicle repaired the right way only at Armstrong Ford or
Armstrong Toyota call the Armstrong flood damage hotlines at 305 242 3286 or 305 247 5112
Armstrong Ford and Armstrong Toyota they'll help you through trouble time
This is me new Rogers this is 516 and
AF
Welcome to a current affair
Mr. President
Thanks for calling in my own vacation where you now?
In Florida with my little brother Jeff George and this rate you're going to sit a record of provocation time for any president ever
I agree with you I think what you've done is really important right but we're with you and with you all the very best
Thanks for taking my phone call
George we want more questions now get back to work what I ask you
George
Thanks for the time that you give the name
The memories are all in my mind
Now that we've come to the end of our rainbow
There's something I must say I'm not
I'm dying out here
You're the one
You're the one
You're the one
Me, the one
Me, the one
Well that's your more than enough of that it's a top 21 more than I do like the Commodore though but not that
But just he could I could live without him you know in fact maybe he could get a train set like a Lionel playworld and just take off on it
There's lightning going on who wrote this facts it's from somebody but it's cute though it says Armageddon out of here
That's cute says there's lightning going off all around as I write there's a volcano blasting off in El Salvador
We're planning a big party on June 6 2006 6606 that's cute
I'll be from the anti-Christ
Wouldn't you think or anti-neil could be through fairy the sun herald of galaxy Mississippi and the editorial that they criticize the relief effort in its ravaged area so far and told officials are at an
Ignatient large south Mississippi needs your help it angrily revealed while the flow of information is frustratingly difficult our reporters have yet to find evidence of a coordinated approach to relief pain and hunger or
To secure property and maintain order people are hurting and people are being fandalized
It whereas the National Guard why has never able-bodied member of the armed forces in south Mississippi then pressed into service pointedly
They declared that earlier today reporters listening to horrific stories of death and survival of the galaxy junior high school shelter look north across Irish Hill road and saw Air Force personnel playing basketball and performing calisthenics
It added we need the president to back up his declaration of a disaster with a declaration of every man and woman under his command will do whatever is necessary to deal with that disaster
The newspaper is managed to publish two pre-ditions this week as well as keep its website updated if I probably better than the herald
Here's the text of their editorial today the son herald of the galaxy Mississippi it says the coastal communities in south Mississippi are desperately need of an unprecedented relief effort
We understand that New Orleans also was devastated by Hurricane Katrina but surely this nation has the resources to rescue both that metropolitan area and ours
Whatever plans that were in place to deal with such an actual disaster have proven inadequate perhaps destruction on this scale could not have been adequately prepared for but now that it has taken place
No effort should be spared to mitigate the hurricane's impact the essentials ice gasoline medicine simply aren't getting here fast enough
We're not calling on the nation in the state to make life more comfortable in south Mississippi we're calling on the nation state to make life here possible
We would bolster our argument with the number of Katrina casualties confirmed thus far but there is if there is such a confirmed number no one's releasing it to the public
This lack of faith in the public's ability to handle the truth is not sparing anyone's feelings it is instead fueling terrifying rumors
While the flow of information is frustratingly difficult our reporters have yet to find evidence of a coordinated approach to relieve pain and hunger or to secure property and maintain order
People are hooking and people are being vandalized it where is the National Guard? Why has never able-bodied member of the armed forces in south Mississippi been pressed into service?
On Wednesday reporters listening to horrific stories of death and survival
This is a repeat of what the other paragraph was at the Bolognese junior high school shelter looked north across Irish Hill road and sought air force personnel playing basketball and performing calisthenics
When asked why these young men weren't being used to help in the recovery effort our reporters were told that it would be pointless to send military personnel down to the beach to pick up the breed
Litter is the least of our problems we need the president to back up his declaration of a disaster with a declaration that every man and woman under his command will do whatever is necessary to deal with that disaster
We need the governor to provide whatever assistance is at his command we certainly need our own counting and city officials to come together and identify the most pressing needs of their constituents
And then allocate resources to meet those needs we appreciate the stress that these elected appointed officials have been under since the weekend but they must do a better job restoring public confidence and their ability to meet this challenge
How do you like that?
Just like maybe just want us to be more like Iraq, huh?
We got chaos and murder and bloodshed and death in the streets and bodies floating around and you know just like Iraq
Stop and think about it, right?
Freedom's on the march we're spreading our branded democracy all over the world in fact if we have bushing air long enough in fact the rest of his whole term
We'll probably have murder and bloodshed and chaos all over the world
This is Neil Rodden, my WW3
This is 516 QAF
But our host is in hand
Get ready for the wildest girls gone wild ever
It's girls gone wild about girls gone wild
Hey, baby, super bad shit and show us you
That'll teach you to treat us like sex objects
You've never seen a girl gone wild what t-shirt contest like this?
I'm gonna spray you with his own
And I'm gonna spray you with bullets
Nothing makes girls go wild quite like the whole idea behind girls gone wild
Hey, this is my girl on girl actions
Who got your girl on girl actions right here?
You warned her girls gone wild about girls gone wild
So a 1-800- show us your...
Wonderful, W-Q-A-L
What be?
I'm not gonna be a bad singer, I'm not gonna be a bad singer
I'm not gonna be a bad singer, I'm not gonna be a bad singer
Oh, 1231, well there no Jimmy Hendrix, so I'll tell you that at the four tops
No
Jimmy Hendrix is gonna win our poll on the best black recording artist or group of all time
and that is just enough to make me want to put my head in my hands and cry like a baby
I remember cry like a baby by the box tops?
I'll kill it right now
I think they were white
They were
Jimmy Hendrix 76, Ray Charles has 69 and he ain't feeling the thing
Oh, they're the box tops and cry like a baby
Where's that dish cry like a baby?
Something like that?
Bob Marley 40, now where are you getting all those clips from?
I was looking for that video
The Duff gave me this collection, all of the hits from 1962 to 2000
Yeah, at least top five or the top 10 or something like that
Right
And I put them in the computer here
Oh, I see
I thought it was like somewhere online, we were getting like a little close
They're there too
Tutu?
Don't start that
Oh, that's what Troy said this morning, something about a Tutu
He said that somebody looked lovely in it
I won't mention no names Troy
You idiot, you quizzling, you silly, you silly
You're fairy
Bob Marley 40, and my finger was on it, but nothing was happening
That King called 29, Temptations 28
Stevie 127, Michael Jackson 25
Marvin Gaye, gay, 16
Otis Rending 10, Afro Man's got 9
Oh, I never did play in that, did I?
Nope
Well, we could play a little bit and just the...
Yeah, that's not too much, a little bit more
Roll another part
Louis Armstrong 18
James Browne
Chuck Berry-Gutty
38
That's that, that's that, that's that
Boy, it's gonna be fine
I want this girl to check
Mine or something
That's very white chick
I want to restrict you without line over to you
I was gonna create my room
I said I got high
Thank you Wilson 6, I need any of you in your six
I was gonna get up and find the boom
But then I got high
I think he's small as Mr. Primes
I think that's not my room
I got you messed up
And I know why
You're one thing
Because I got high
Medical's fine
You feel like I got high
Look at her, you're like I got high
You need to prank him
That's not that, that's not that
I was gonna go to class
Before I got high
One more thing, you think you said
I could have treated
And I could have passed
But I got high
I'm working three
I'm taking it next to Mr.
And I know why
I'm gonna be big
Because I got high
Because I got high
Because I got high
Lime works you three
Charlie for I3
Two packs three
I actually brought this three
Nina Simone 2
Nina Simone's got a pair
And we're seeing him
No
Spinners 2
Destiny's Child
Destiny's Child got two
Oh man
Fat stomato 2
Luther Vandross 1
Outcast 1
Halia Jackson 1
Gladys Knight got only one
So lament they all know
That is pathetic
Whitney Houston 1
The Honourable Work 1
Martin of Atlas 1
None yet for Obsidian
Payee LaBelle
Seven dust
Mary Anderson
Lately in Team Price
Frankie Lyman don't have any
How do you like that, Pally?
Yamama
Chubby Checker
OJ's Marvelette Edwin
Stargimmy
Ruffamary Wells-Dural
Yarrul
Janet Jackson and Charis
All of got the big
Our goal is five hundred votes
We got four seventy three
Our goal is four seventy five
Well we don't want to set
You know, big goals
Like in the middle of the first
As of September plus
It's like Labor Day weekend
Right?
Right?
David Corn writes in the
Nation
He's usually pretty good
Although I don't know
Some of what he writes
Here is old
But you know I'll read it
Anyway, it'll kill some time
It'll get you on the edge of
Your seat
He says I just spotted Haley
Barbara, boy you talk about a
Druing Yahoo man
Haley Barbara makes Jesse Helm
Seemed like a big city
Slicker
You see Haley Barbara on
Here?
No
He says I just spotted Haley Barbara
Governor Mississippi on Cien
And arguing with Anchor Scott
Miles O'Brien
O'Brien was suggesting that
The federal government dropped
The ball in terms of preparing for
Hurricane Katrina.
Barbara kept defending the
Federal government.
That is the Bush administration.
He seemed to suggest that the
Hurricane was not that powerful
When it first approached
Slian and there hadn't been enough
Time to do more preparation.
Of course Barbara did not note
That before becoming
Governor Mississippi, he was
Head of the Republican Party
And therefore not of a
Disposition to speak critically
Of an administration that has
Got a FEMA,
Slifed funding for flood control,
And sent many National Guard
Reserves to Iraq.
By one I submit about a third of
The Louisiana National Guard is
In Iraq right now.
O'Brien pushed his point about his
Hardest permitted on cable TV.
But he neglected to raise the
Specifics or the question Barbara
About his previous work as a
Corporate lobbyist who on behalf of
His well-paying clients fought
Fierce against the Kyoto
Accords.
Recent scientific research suggests
That global warming has led to
More destructive hurricanes.
And as I noted previously, Barbara
Led the GOP when it was waging war
On big government.
Now he's all for it.
O'Brien didn't courier him on this
Conversion.
As the New York Times editorial
Ises today, a moment like they
Show his Bush's weaknesses.
He was late to respond to the
Law again and his rhetoric was
Hollow no surprise.
Yesterday he declared,
America will be a stronger
Place for it.
Police.
Did he ask his speech right
Is for the most empty plighted
To they could concoct?
Then today he proclaimed there
Would be zero tolerance for
Looters.
But if I were stuck into war liens
Waiting for help from a government
That had failed me and my family
Was without water food or clothing.
I'd grab what I could from
Wherever I could.
I'd worry about payment later.
Sure some looters are criminals
Exploding the emergency.
But many are people trying to survive.
Who would watch their kids go hungry
Rather than break a window with a
Windixie not me call me pro
Looting when it's necessary.
And he's right.
And if you if it's food and water
And necessities of life.
Like he says there are some people
Are just playing in the
Slime balls.
Just grabbing plasma TVs and
Video games cramplight.
What are they going to watch those
Video games on by the way?
I guess on the plasma TV.
Yeah, stolen TV.
Yeah, where are they going to
Plug it in huh?
Oh, five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty only Verizon and
Singular wireless line.
Let's take two three hundred calls
By two o'clock.
What do you say?
Do it.
One of these people actually seemed
A little whipped up in the foamy in the foamy,
Don't they?
Come in to QAN.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
I'll be right through with him.
Yeah, you're speaking with me.
Hey, what's going on?
Hello?
Yeah, I just want to say you know
You know, whatever happens to
$60 million or billion if they find
In the long basement and another reason I know
Why he's not going to be sending no troops over there?
Because once September 11th comes, he's going to go and
Send them all back to the right to
Commemorates and I'm the 11th day.
That's what he's going to do.
Okay.
Well, thanks for your prognostication.
Spell that out for him.
Would you please?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
And they've arrived in Singular wireless
Thunder.
There's white house spokesman Scott McFellow who says.
The waiver.
Yeah, that's it.
Deputy QAN.
Hello.
QAN.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm Motown.
Get me all mowed up.
You ready for mold?
Do do do do.
He's a multi-point you know, multi-point you
I'll be here.
I'm going to show.
Yeah, hear about that.
No.
Yeah, all the time everybody calls up.
You don't like when people call him though.
He says that ain't my name.
It's all from that.
We are.
Yeah.
Guess what?
Guess what?
My paycheck's still pretty big.
There you go.
See you, pal.
So, Moa is starting on a rampage here.
Is that just not going to be rumor, huh?
Do do do do.
Oh, I heard that before.
Have you really?
Yeah.
Well, at least that's a step up from pipe smokeer I guess.
Hey, Moa.
You fair.
You Moa?
WDQA and Hull.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, about the global warming.
Yeah.
I think we should pass the global warming act and I have a solution.
We all turn our air conditioners up to four power in our houses and open up the doors and
take things with our cars.
All right.
There you go.
There's a thinking guy.
That's what a George Bush is thinking people.
And this is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2 AF.
Morning, good night, Clark.
Tonight on E.
Entertainment Television.
Pewy.
That's my name.
Don't wear it out.
What do the police find in your home?
I don't know.
I heard they found videos of you having sex with tickle me elbow.
I don't need the police and I don't need you.
I don't need anybody.
Tonight on E.
You love things about me.
You don't know anything about things you wouldn't understand.
Things you couldn't understand.
Things you shouldn't understand.
That's a spot quicker.
Pewy, step away from Elmo.
That's you make me.
That's a spot quicker.
But if you take a picture and a live dragon.
That's a spot quicker.
So dear, if you're in.
Turn it behind.
And over, over.
And over, over.
And over, over.
And over, over.
And over, over.
Good night, Dr. Clark.
We're going to see your family.
We're going to see your family.
We're going to see your family.
We're going to see your family.
We're going to see your family.
I'd say they want to know Jimmy Hendrix, those guys these days,
brothers.
They got three votes in Jimmy Hendrix, and there's 76 all the wait.
Charles is creeping up on Jimmy's ass.
Look at them.
He's sleeping right away up there in the solar heaven.
Bruce Rice.
And obviously Bruce is distressed and flaming at the mouth.
He says, SOS, same old Smith, just as in Andrew,
the Federal Government was caught with its pants down
and asked, showing, that don't, Bruce says,
whereas the temporary tent city to house these people,
where are the military kitchens to feed these people,
whereas the water for showering and basic survival,
whereas FEMA to give these people some kind of assistance
or at least get the ball rolling with the paperwork,
where are the grief, what they gotta go online
and the FEMA website, where are the grief counselors
to at least give these people a shoulder to cry on?
Where's the National Guard to protect these people
from the evil and bad element of our society?
Where Mr. Bush, where?
Mr. Bush would say, the Yamama, that's what he would say,
if you knew how to spell it.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular,
wireless lines.
Well, maybe Yamol had like a bad bowl of grits or something
or maybe a bad bout of these schmitz
because evidently he's turning again, is that the deal?
Every time you think he's like calm down
and just out of nowhere, out of the blue, you know?
No particular reason.
Absolutely.
Goes off, but that's fine.
Yeah, have a nice time with your two-share, Mo.
WNQAM, hello.
Hey, Sally, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
Bruce Stoder.
I mean, the guy from Merck and I on,
Bruce, whatever his name was.
Bruce from America, I'm Ruben Stoddard.
Ruben, what?
Ruben Stoddard.
Stoddard.
Yes, that one.
Ruben Stoddard.
Hey, Bruce, you're a sandal, yeah.
Ruben Stoddard, get serious.
Is he serious?
He might be, but we're not putting it on anyway.
No, we're sure his heart not.
I mean, you know, are we gonna lower ourselves
to that level, putting people from American Idol on there?
No.
Good, good.
Next we'll be putting Clay Aiken on the White People's Pool.
I'm aching just thinking about it.
5'6, 7'5, 60, pound 5'60 into Verizon,
singular wireless line.
Bruce Stubbly.
WNQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm gonna mention the other states in 7'9,
because they got a guy there doing an interview.
This sounds awful.
Like Reverend Jones to me, yeah.
They're in a long time, but not long enough.
How sad.
WNQAM.
I'm gonna ask off.
Who is the guy next to you fucking?
Who is he?
Kill it.
Oh, I didn't, I thought he said.
He wasn't talking to Wastow.
I don't think so.
Although we haven't wanted to do it.
Oh, yeah.
What do we understand?
5'6, 7'0, 5'50,
well, what are you telling me to kill it?
What are you doing there?
I killed it.
Well, we all killed it, okay?
We're killing it.
I'm dying on the heat.
Good.
Just like that poor seal I washed up, I'm sure.
It had to be from the zoo, didn't it?
I don't know.
Now we have those zoos and like punch your trainer
in the Gulf.
They got seals in the Gulf.
Why not?
They can swim.
Oh, if I got a line for that, but we'd be finished.
WNQAM, hello.
Now.
You know what it is, yeah.
I guess, sir.
You know, I don't know why anyone's so shocked
about the presence, lack of response.
Wasn't it a fearless leader who put his hand on the Bible
and swore to protect this country and it's any need?
Sitting in elementary school,
what he knew as the limousine drew up.
Yeah, elementary school,
if this country was under attack,
that's what I keep track of for another seven minutes
or whatever.
That's right.
And it was told that the second plane,
and he just sat there and did nothing.
That's the leader of the free world.
That's the clown that's supposed to protect this nation
from any attacks on any foreign nation.
Maybe we can bring a voice of little ordinary school kids
to the White House and they can read some stories to him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3, pound, 5.
And listen, that's what America wanted, man.
Boots, boots, boots.
That's what they wanted.
They wanted a lunatic maniac.
It was just a puppet of the Neo-Con,
the rejects from back in the early 80s.
Same old crowd again, Wolfowitz and Pearl and Rumsfeld
and a chaney, the same old Reagan crowd,
the same people that gave you Iran Contra,
now they're giving you Iraq, the Iraq attack
and they're giving you all kinds of crap.
And Iran, of course, is on the drawing board
and has been for a long time.
5, oh, there's Scott McPhon again.
Just the other day, this is the first time
it's ever been implemented.
Yeah, all right.
Put this poor guy, you know, I actually almost feel sorry
for him if he weren't such a freaking liar
and very good at it, or very bad at it lately.
Put his stick his ass out there
and he's gonna try to cover up for these lunatics,
for these liars, for these thieves and rovers.
But he wanted it.
Nobody is holding a gun to his head and making him do it.
Nobody can cue A and hello.
Yeah, I want to speak to No.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah, I've been listening to you show today.
I haven't listened in a while because of work.
Yeah.
But as far as Bush goes, the guy said it before, right?
He's a clown.
We should just call him Bozo for now on
because he's ruined his country over and over again.
Yeah, but it's a difference.
So clowns are funny.
All right.
I do agree, but still, what else do you call a person
who ruins a country like this one right now?
Yeah, you know, an evil doer.
Evil doer is good call.
Thank you, Neil.
He's always looking for evil doers, man.
Look at him, Erie, W.
You're the biggest evil doer in the world.
Just like Cindy Sheen said, she's right.
In a way, she picked up her goodies from Texas
and she bailed out a couple days ago.
And now she's going to go like on a tour all over the country.
You go, Cindy.
Don't take any crap because that's what they do to anybody
who dares who's got the audacity to tell the truth.
Smirr and Schmirr, that's the campaign.
So obvious.
And the media sits back and, well, I like that article.
I read on Tuesday.
Well, we've got to give both sides, you know?
Right.
Yeah.
Like when Martin, there was such a great line in there.
But if they had Martin Luther King's high,
have a dream speech on it, they have to have a clansman on it,
given a posing point of view to your equal time.
But how are you people kidding, huh?
You're so terrified.
You're peeing in your pants.
You're scared to death, which is why what's
been going on the last couple of days
is like kind of a breath of stale air, you know what?
No, it really is.
The fact that they're starting like actually
a rip and ass to FEMA and Bush and a whole federal government
and a state government for rubbing totally unprepared
and just dropping the ball.
There's not one interview that goes by,
except the course for the anxious reader Cosby.
What was really bad there?
Tell me how bad it is.
Is there water around?
You people at NBC Man, if this is the best you can do,
save yourself some energy, okay?
We have an energy crisis in America.
Save yourself some energy.
Shut the transmitter off.
Shut all the power down, okay?
Between nine and 10 and we're every
about to hit silly ass, big nose,
hook those bitch on there.
Read a Cosby My Ass.
All the different things they've tried, you know?
Even that Nazi from West Coast,
what else is the name that they had on for five minutes?
Mike, oh, that rabbit right wing lunatic.
Sam, that's Michael Savage.
I was gonna say that.
Even that was an improvement over this bitch.
What are you people thinking about?
Good God.
Just at a time when maybe Keith Obleman
was starting to get a little bit of credibility
and some of us were starting to like
even though his act is a little bit over the top.
But nevertheless, and of course, Chris Matthews,
at least there are 10 or 20 people know who he is.
But this bitch, first they started it with Mr. Bo-Tie.
You know, see this is what the networks do.
Anybody who's canned by the other one,
any reject who can't make it on the CNN or Fox,
they wind up with on MSNBC.
And I think he's off already too.
First they shoved him back to 11 o'clock.
He wasn't on last night, Mr. Bo-Tie.
Mother Rattucker Carlson, he and honor NOMO, I don't think.
The people, you must be in charge of that network.
It's like a deck of cards.
They just keep shuffling and shuffling
and shuffling the same swill.
And at the time when you're really sitting there
and for once, it doesn't happen very often,
but for once when people under the age of 100,
are actually interested in finding out what else going on.
And we have the sofa you got basically,
you got CNN, Fox, the fascist news network, and MSNBC.
I take back what I said last week about MSNBC
because you don't get the MS from them.
You get a bunch of amateur hour people.
She belongs on the air about as much as Lady Martez
and at least he's funny, not intentionally,
but nevertheless.
I'm so glad that you saw her for about two minutes.
Yeah, that's a harder tool.
She can't speak.
She can't speak.
Definitely qualified for a network TV.
And then what she does say is,
and every time they have a technical glitch,
I mean, the real professional people,
Genie, Missouri, Vance, CNN, or some of these other people,
you know, they go with the flow.
They realize Gary Tuckman, people have been doing this stuff
for years, that they're going to have technical problems
because they're operating in the middle of a hellacious storm
and power out all kinds of other stuff going on.
But every time something goes wrong,
she says, oh, I think we've got Joe.
Do we have Joe?
You're sitting there and you're watching me ask you.
So, not necessarily if you wonder if the media really
needs serious help and you wonder why America's
become what it is today, just take a look
at Rita Cosby, a 9-A-Coffee on MSNBC.
And you'll say to yourself, oh my God.
Yeah, what this be, man, what it is.
Here's a good story.
A little change of pace, okay?
Something different, something uplifting.
Olympia Washington, a state prison guard
who was arrested after a drunken brawl at nightclub
may also be charged with urinating
on a municipal jail computer police set.
Willie M. Shannon, 26 of Lacey Washington,
employed at Washington Correction Center in Shelton,
was later transferred from the city jail
to the first in county jail, where he was booked for
on a thirsting.
Now, what the hell is a little bit of a pretty one by,
what the hell was his first name, Thirsten?
Oh, boy.
So, see how we do with these black artists?
Little bit of a pretty one.
Well, you guys booked that up.
I know.
I looked it up in my book during the break.
To a Thirsten County jail, where he was booked
for investigation, the first to be malicious mischief,
and then was released after posting bail,
Quinter Police reports, Shannon,
Sean W. Dack, 25 of McClurey,
who works with Shannon at the prison,
and Randy M. Hinchcliff, 38 of Olympia,
who has previous holiday convictions
and new Shannon from the prison,
were arrested for fighting early Sunday morning
at the vault.
Lieutenant James Costa said,
Shannon and Dack were fired through today,
said, Velkry Johnson's spoken
for the State Department of Corrections,
describing all three as apparently intoxicated.
And basically, it was found Shannon and Hinchcliff
had been thrown out of the club
after punching and shoving each other,
and Dack joined the fray,
eventually seeming to be trying to break it up, Costa said.
Oh, it's a lot more fun to like,
join right in.
Dack and Hinchcliff were cited at the municipal jail
for disorderly conduct and release,
but Shannon, while confined in a holding cell,
relieved himself through a protective screen
on the way nearby computer workstation,
according to police reports.
He peed on it.
During a damage to the computer monitor,
facts machine, other hardware was estimated $1,500,
and other equipment was rendered unusable
because of the contamination.
Shannon later apologized, although we can't take it back.
Once it comes out, it's kind of hard to put back in.
This is Billy Gilman.
How about you, pardon?
Everywhere that I see that I did a search,
it says Billy Gilman, a little bit in pretty one.
Oh, little bit.
First in Harris, that's what I say.
First in Harris, I got my billboard book here,
I shot 40 books.
Did you find it?
I could look it up like it wasn't in the collection,
which means it wasn't a big enough hit.
Little bit of, come on, get with it, man.
I'm not where I'd put him on the pool.
That was in middle of his smash,
but I'm pretty sure there's Harvey and Mungloss,
Cory Hart.
First in Harris, little bit, he pretty one.
It was number six on the charts in 1957.
It was on the charts for 13 weeks.
Well, 57 minutes, 100 years ago.
I got to 60.
See, he just don't go back.
He's not old and crusty enough like me.
I'm working on it.
1256, the molemyster,
I post personal friend coming up at two.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 a.m.
Love, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Now, see here.
I ain't never said no.
I ain't never said no.
I'm out here saying no.
I ain't never said it.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm just a patient who doesn't like to be the doctor.
But they also pay me by that.
What am I going to do with this?
Don't always look close on trees, don't always run.
Don't go through trees or Web areas.
Don't always look close on trees or Web areas.
Don't always look close on trees or Web areas.
Don't always look close on trees or Web areas.
What is a bloome of the bomb?
Don't always look close on trees or Web areas.
Don't always look close.
Don't always look close on trees or Web areas.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you
Go.
I'm going to get you.
Go.
Keep going.
I'm going to get you.
Go go.
Go.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Go, go!
Ah!
All right, it's time for you to warm up
And you were my man
You're fair, you have no one
You'd be weak as a lad
If you had a stick
To walk out that door
My love would overrule my sins
And I'd call you back for more if I were you
If I were you
I'd tell you one thing I'd gladestitue
It was sure no Jimmy Humberts
You didn't have no voice like that
You can't do it
102
At 560 WQAM
Great thanks by the way whoever sent this in
Because I didn't see it
But I just put it on our website
At least I just sent it over to what Josh
Maybe he'll put it on our website
So does he clean his fingers
How is the raperi doing what is often thing is Josh
Do you come running in there and say
With an answer with some kind of response or what
Very accurate
Just at the last break
You'll hear from him on his sprint
Waiting for a leader that's the editor of today's New York Times
And it says
George W. Bush gave one of the worst speeches of his life yesterday
Especially given the level of national distress and need for words of consolation and wisdom
And what seems to be a ritual in this administration
The president appeared a day later than he was needed
He then read an address of equality more appropriate for an arbor day celebration
A long, long relist of pounds of ice
Generators and blankets delivered to the stricken Gulf Coast
He advised the public that anybody who wanted to help
Should send cash, ginned, and promised that everything would work out in the end
Well of course, we will endure
And the city of New Orleans must come back
But looking at the pictures on television yesterday
Of a place that banded into the forces of flood fire and looting
It was hard not to wonder exactly how that's going to come to pass
Right now hundreds of thousands of American refugees
Need our national concern and care
Thousands of people still need to be rescued from imminent peril
Public health threats must be controlled in New Orleans
And throughout southern Mississippi
Drabbers must be given confidence that gasoline will be available
And profiteeing must be brought under control at a moment when television has been showing long lines at some pumps
And spot prices approaching $4 a gallon have been reported
Sacrifices may be necessary to make sure that all these things happen in an orderly efficient way
But this administration has never been one to counsel sacrifice
And nothing about the president's demeanor yesterday
Which seemed casual to the point of carelessness
To suggest that he understood the depth of the current crisis
While retention must now be on the Gulf Coast most immediate needs the nation will soon ask why New Orleans levies remain so inadequate
Publications from the local newspaper to national geographic have plummeted about the bad state of flood protecting this beloved city
Which is below sea level
Why were developers permitted to destroy wetlands and barrier islands that could have held back the hurricane surge?
Why was Congress before wandered off the vacation engaged in slashing the budget for correcting some of the gaping holes in the areas flood protection?
It would be some cover to think his Mr. Bush cheerfully announced
America will be a stronger place for enduring this crisis
Complacements even no longer suffice
Especially if experts are wet and warning that global warming may increase the intensity of future hurricanes
But since this administration won't acknowledge that global warming exists
The chances of leadership seem minimal
Minimal to non-existent
Your president baby
Those of you who support a man look in a mirror
Stack yourself in the eye with your finger and ask yourself the question
Am I a moron? Am I an imbecile?
Look at that Ray Charles's move he is moving up on the Jimmy Hendrix skin
Leave it right
Why he keeps bumping into him?
Who is the all-time best black recording artist or group?
Jimmy Hendrix 77 Ray Charles 76 Bob Marley 44 mon
Oh please, Stevie Wonder 32
And King Colesga
Third man
I find ridiculous
Temptations 29 Michael Jackson 27 Marvin G 20
Otis Redding 11 Prince 10
I mean look at some of these really Armstrong's got nine
But the shy lights don't have any
See what I'm saying? Mary and Jimmy Ruff into it have any
Everyone's star and none Marvel left none
Even Chubby checker Chubby Chubby checkers don't have any
Remember the Chubby checkers in Faso?
I do
Penny LaBelle doesn't have any
Why do I get myself worked up about this?
About people I've been in taste
I don't know
Just for the hell of it
567.0560.560 in the Verizon Singular Revolutions lines
Let's get about 400 calls in between now and two o'clock
Or I could just play like a whole bunch more Motown
WNQA and Hello
Yeah Neil, I was in the war with a few years ago
And there was a little problem with some pumping that they have
They keep the water out and I
Asked one of the people who live there says why would you live where you've got first dams
Not even concrete or something just
Just piles of dirt holding the water back in your under the water
It didn't make much sense why anyway why the government all these years never did anything about it
I mean this one and then the way they build a house in Mississippi
I mean didn't they learn anything from Andrew or Amy's
Those next box houses were too bad for those people
But the houses never had a chance
You know what a reminder well of course keep in mind the poverty level of a lot of people living in those houses
But in reverse some of the people live
It's just like on the beach
You don't have any poor people living on the beach in Fort Lauderdale or Miami Beach
There's no slipper living over there but they choose to
Yeah, it's a big deal they want to have the view they want to live on the ocean all the other
It's like people that build homes on the top of mountain cliffs in LNA
Well what are they thinking about?
Diane?
Oh you must be eating
I wonder if one of the color man he just disappeared without a word
No the color is gone okay what else did he said his piece man I'm asking you why would anybody wait for the next month slide and put your house on the edge of a cliff
They're stupid
What are you eating now we're gonna give somebody a plug or not
Pizza from Tony
Oh pizza from Tony thanks Brad Brad the camera my book
Crack you up Gary Sarner brought us over here from there
Gary Sarner brought it over
And I really don't know that it must be kosher no it's got extra traits
It's got some it's got like a pony
Papi Runeon and sausage and maybe some sausage oh that pork oh no
5 6 7 0 5 60
Town 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines
Why did you have to mention Gary Sarner I was just starting to get into a good mood
WDQYM hello
It's a twist yeah I said twist yeah
WDQYM hello
Uncle Neil yes sir
The dark folk look real bad with all that looting
I'm telling you it's all of them a couple of days WDQYM hello
Neil yes sir
Who is the sound bite police
I just don't understand how confused get away with playing the burp sound which can't do the fart sound
Oh I can't say it anymore
No you can say it but I mean that fart and see you're asking me to explain it
We're explaining some busy bitch named Joyce over there in Naples with no radio if your stuff fort care I'm up or ass
Yeah but I mean what's different between a burp and a fart I'll learn a little bit about it
Just take a look at your head and see if it's burping okay
I never burp through my ass that I know of
Did you? No not lately
Oh
The sound pulling the boy come the sound effect police sound bite the sound bite yeah well bite this Joyce you idiot you silly
Yes you fail and that just goes with the territory there's not much you can do in this
Joyce except just keep taking the money in the check scheme clearing we've got the you know
Maybe that's so now I figured out what Troy was going to tell me this morning that's why he ran out because he was spying most coward
Is if I really give a crap that that's what he was going to tell me what the mode the mode business the more you hear the more ridiculous to do
No, no, the model tell was it then I don't know if you're saying mode and you must know something that ate a secret
I'm sure something in this and in a secret and in a secret I see somebody QYM hello
Yes sir yes sir radio station this is WQ am WQ am is it Neil around when he's right here you're talking perfectly round I'm real round
What's that? I'm real round like a barrel of course you're Neil
Neil
It's it's exist the greatest movie ever made man yeah
Yeah, I just say I got friends of mine as school teacher and I told them about the movie and how he plays it as classes for his children and stuff
Really yeah, I like to tell about that James James and all that stuff I was wanted to anybody mentioned Mississippi bluesman
Robert Johnson Robert Johnson know they did not okay if nobody would be playing the way they play even
Those guys in that movie for what the for Robert Johnson really he's a king of the Mississippi blues I'll be banned
I sure hope he didn't get flooded away there the Mississippi bluesman Robert Johnson okay you
Know why I think it is it's the Mississippi bluesman and Robert Johnson
Marvin yeah
Anyway, if people tuning in and want to know what the name of the movie is standing in the shadows of Motown
Son DVD it's also the soundtrack be available and it's about the funk brothers who are the group of musicians fantastic musicians from Detroit
Who backed up all the Motown hits I mean all of them they played on more number one hits than the Beach Boys the Rolling Stones
Elvis Presley and the Beatles combined making the greatest hit machine in a history of popular music and virtually nobody until this movie came out
Nobody knew any of their names or what the LA did or what the whole deal was and then then suds
brought it in brought in the movie thank you suds again
You better have the only got three votes one of them being mine because nobody knows who he is
Right best kept secret since Tony's
One 13 at 560 WQAM was your car trucker van damaged by the hurricane did you experience water leaks painter body damage interior flooding electrical or computer problems
If so take it to Armstrong Ford or Armstrong Toyota of homestead they'll make sure your vehicle be repaired by experienced technicians who know Toyota's and Ford's better than anybody else
Armstrong Ford and Toyota homestead have the most experience hurricane damage repair facilities going so don't take chances only certified technicians can properly diagnose your repairs
Right now they've got licensed insurance appraisers right on premises so you can get your vehicle fixed quickly and with no hassles at all
General manager David rich realizes you've been through a lot in the family owned Armstrong dealerships are there to help so get your vehicle repaired the right way only at Armstrong Ford or Armstrong Toyota
Call the Armstrong flood damage hotlines at 305 242 30286 or 305 24751 12
Armstrong Ford and Armstrong Toyota they'll help you through trouble time
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 QA
Famous making people
I look at famous making people
So every day six weeks Pamela and his wife started with Tommy Lee
The phoneography then prayer is tilted
She made a tape where she went and she stood little to her father
Now she's a son famous make it be this common feral time
Famous make it be our candle lights them young
Look what they do making these tapes to revive all their crappy careers
Everyone is there bumping ugly and when you think that it just could not get any words
Here come traders famous make it be in homemade videos
Famous make it be we
We say put on some clothes
A big cake goes in
Famous make it be we say
We say
We say
We say
We say
We say
I'm telling you what the fan of Ross was no getting a head
And he also was no Bob Marley mon
No mistake about it
One 19 let's say $20 for disaster and if all the pork and transportation goes return to the citizens
Do you understand what that means?
Yeah the buildage is passed you know the energy bill I think they're talking about
$20 for disaster 80 fall or see
Well this is the conflict
Long Gonzalez in New York Daily News writes Iraq mess a adds to the problem
The battlefields of Iraq seem so far removed from the awesome devastation and near biblical floods
Unleashed on New Orleans and the rest of the Mississippi delta by Hurricane Katrina
But these two tragedies are more closely connected than most of us realize
Some 7,000 soldiers from Louisiana and Mississippi National Guard are stationed in Iraq
They include more than 3,000 members of the 256th brigade combat team
A unit based in and around New Orleans
Those soldiers who represent 40% of Mississippi and 35% of Louisiana's regular guard strength
Were forced to watch helplessly from their barracks in Iraq to pass few days
As the hurricane swept through their neighborhoods and threatened their families
Quite simply the two states are to sit by the storm or handicap from the state
Not having enough guard units and military equipment like trucks, humbies and helicopters on the ground to handle the crisis
As much as we need them in Iraq we also need them at home Senator Murray Landry
Democrat Louisiana Ward on CNN just before the hurricane hit on Monday
Yet not until yesterday the president pushed finally take decisive action to provide military reinforcements from other parts of the country
Or even from regular army bases in those states
By then one of our greatest cities was underwater and being evacuated
Tens of thousands of its forced residents were shredded and facing catastrophe
Millions were without power and looters that already waited off of all that could be taken
People are hurting and people are being vandalized and an editorial plea posted yesterday
On the website of the Sunhael de Baloxi Mississippi. It where is the National Guard?
Why hasn't every able-bodied member their own forces in South Mississippi been pressed into service?
Except for the floods the posterer came destruction and near-anarchy in New Orleans
resemble those heartbreaking scenes of the chaos in Baghdad after so-called liberation
Those floods are yet another tragedy that the Bush administration will have to explain
They are in no small way connected to the curse that Iraq has become for our nation
Sure no one could have prevented a powerful hurricane from hitting the Mississippi Delta
But federal and local government leaders all knew that it directed on New Orleans from such a storm could mean catastrophe
The times picky in New Orleans published numerous articles in the past two years warning that the city and federal officials were prepared
The newspapers articles also revealed that Bush was making huge cuts to an Army Corps of Engineers project meant to shore up the levees and pumping stations
That protect other residents from the waters of Lake Ponce and train in the Mississippi
That project known as the Southeast Louisiana Urban Flood Control project has been in effect since 1995
But spending on it's been reduced substantially since 2000
It appears the money's been moved in the president's budget to handle homeland security in the war in Iraq
And I suppose that's the price we pay the emergency management fee for Jefferson and Perish Louisiana
Told the times picky in last year nobody locally is happy that the levees can't be finished
Earlier this year, Bush, this president who is spending more than a billion dollars a week on the mess in Iraq
proposed less than $11 million in new funding for Louisiana Flood Control project
The Army Corps of Engineers won at least 62 million
Among the items the White House cut from that flood control budget was money to study
How New Orleans could cope with a category 5 hurricane?
Well the entire country learned how this week will all be paying for that terrible lesson for decades to come
Nice going, W. At thanks again for those bargain basement gas prices
5.670560, Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines
Ray Perry in yet in what the stress?
You know and you notice how nobody says anything about this
It's just like kind of want to live in a slide, you know? Nobody like addresses that issue?
That's right they won't. WQ, they will. WQAAM, hello.
And now a few minutes ago, college that huckin people behind dams and got me thinking
That was keeping us from being flooded is levees around Lake of the Trilv
I just wonder if the storm had hit here as the strength that it did in New Orleans
If those levees in Lake of the Trilv
What have I got news for us sir? And you know as well as I do a storm
If we had a category 5 direct hit on Dayton Browell Lake, say the Dayton Browell line, forget about it
Back in the 30s I think that's what killed thousands of people in Florida
Was a the levees broken Lake of the Trilv and then flooded here. All right Jerry, thanks.
Good luck. Good luck to Pally. Don't have any flooding here.
5.670560 is a matter of fact probably cast an ova is checking it out
What's the temperature there in Toronto? Neil, I'm glad you asked. In fact, it's a sunny 77 right now
As in 77, huh? All right. That's not a WABC. Yeah. Not too bad. Sun's trying no rain, no floods, no end of the world.
Concord, no hamshur. I'm sorry. Concord, no hamshur. I always do that. It's Concord, Michigan. Concord.
The state is investigating a doctor accused of telling a patient. Did you see the storm in the news? No.
Telling a patient that she was so obese, you might only be attractive to black men and advising another to shoot herself following brain surgery.
Let's face it. If your husband were to die tomorrow, who would want you the state board of medicine said Dr. Terry Venator told the overweight patient in June 2004?
Well, men might want you, but not the types you might want. Might even be a black guy quoted in the same based on the women's complaint.
The board said it's also taking a second look at a 2001 allocation deemed unfounded at the time that Venator told a woman recovering from brain surgery to buy a pistol and shoot herself.
And they're suffering. Venator made that. And as a matter of fact, that's a good idea for a mole.
Okay, put yourself out of your misery and just blow your brains out if you can find them. In fact, stick it in your echo.
Venator made national news last week when the complaint from the obese woman became public without any mention of the racial comment.
But senior assistant attorney general Richard Head, who leads the state consumer protection anti-trust bureau said Tuesday,
the woman complained about the racial remark not about being lectured. In a telephone interview Tuesday from Rochester, New Hampshire,
Venator denied any wrongdoing and defended his message to her saying that he has read polls that say that black men prefer overweight women.
Venator added that he's angry. The board, the board is reconsidering the 2001 complaint.
That patient is currently in a nursing home completely demented tied to what she or drooling on herself and doesn't recognize anybody said Venator 67.
She was in pretty nearly that condition at the time she filed that complaint. Venator's lawyer Charles Douglas said his client is being attacked by the board, which by its own rules, does not discipline doctors for bedside manner.
If a patient doesn't like the message, go to another doctor, Douglas said. Head said that he has got a point.
Right? Head said the 2001 complaint has been considered as part of a review of Venator's overall adherence to medical ethics.
Oh, doctors and ethics, wonder how do they have anything to do with each other?
The state consumer protection anti-trust bureau investigates complaints against doctors, though the board decides how to act on them.
Head said the privacy laws prevent him from disclosing the woman's names.
The board can find, refermand or suspend doctors. It can also be evoked doctors licenses or require them to attend classes or treatment a hearing is planned December 7th.
Earlier this year, Venator rejected an effort by the board to resolve the latest complaint. The board wanted him to admit he made a mistake into a ten to class on medical ethics, which he called Touchy Feeley School.
Never go to Touchy Feeley School?
No, where is it? I liked it.
Venator previously was cited by the board in 1995 when as part of a settlement to a board discipline, he admitted lying on his 1992 and 3 medical license renewal applications about being denied hospital privileges and was fined a thousand years.
It's a fraternity. It's like lawyers and all that. It's like sports casters. Same thing. It's a big fraternity, everybody just, you know, dummies up and sucks up big time.
Speaking of sucking big time, that advice to all the nice admission game is to that who's that plan? Atlanta.
Oh, the Falcons. That's right. Oh boy. And you're not going to get to go because you don't have any tickets to the game. Yeah, wonderful.
Get them by the season opener. Ray. I think I'm going to have to look in my contract right after the show and take a look and see what it says about those tickets, about those duckets.
Get them in the road. No, that because that's what they're trying to do. They're trying to duck it. They're trying to duck the issue.
What if I wanted to go to all the preseason games? Well, probably would have been a good idea if you'd open up a month before the preseason started. That would have helped me out.
Right. But of course, do I care about the dolphins or their stupid exhibition game or the regular season game or any of these things? No.
I'm going to have the money. Like I said, right. Keep the tickets. I'll take the cash.
Hey, racing and poker fans, Pompato Park is back in action starting this Friday, September 2. Plus, you're a buck, a buck's fan anyway.
Okay. Well, you need to go to see the dolphin games for just to root against them. Go to a couple football games to root against the dolphins. Yes. Well, good.
I want the tickets. Ray. No money. Hey, racing and see, I'm trying to do this spot. Christine and clean. Okay.
And you're like, keep stepping and stepping all the way. Whatever. You know, you.
Racing and poker fans, Pompato Park is back in action starting tomorrow Friday, September the 2th, opening night tomorrow, the first 1000 fans to purchase a Pompato Park program.
We'll get a coupon for a free stadium seat cushion. Plus, there'll be free mini horse rides and stakes races too on both Friday and Saturday nights.
Everybody age 18 and over can enter win free baseball and football tickets. There you go.
Vending vouchers, even a raffle ticket to win a million dollar home and need. Reem finder farms, horse rescue fundraiser and best of all, both admission and parking free all the time at Pompato Park.
Racing and poker blocks out of the Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 954 972 2000 around the wicked web. It's Pompato Park dot com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162.
Your federal communications commission formally comprised of broadcast engineers, but now your overlords of decency is pleased to announce our new FCC morality queen, Yineine Chief.
Now there is the Queen and the real church lady, Annie Max.
This country was founded on good Christian values, which is true, but we say it was now the show.
There we go.
Here we go.
Showtime, Sinner Mac, Starzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
We are here by a brewed. We're burning books too, starting with the Wizard of Oz. We Christians have always hated that book for the longest time now. Something about it gave prisoners something as we'll have you believe. Game people cost 9-11. Although I did like irreversible. Who tinya? Oh tinya? Oh tinya? That? You are Jesus Spasilla! From 77W ABC! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Goo go!ATHGEGORUS OF ELLE Boss What do you want his K
Here's another fact that says if you've seen Channel 7's brilliant new
catchphrase for the hurricane Katrina coverage probably not know I don't get
Channel 7 here you're right thank God that's another good reason to be out
of South Florida stay tuned here for WSBN's continuing coverage of
catastrophe along the coast oh my are you can make my god catastrophe along the
coast I must be talking about that's a Maryland missile okay that must be
it must be geeks get cheap tickets to Japanese flick remember I was gonna do
this one on tooth and ran out of time I ran plum out of time I ran out of
plums are they clearing your geek might get you strains looks in some places
but a Japanese movie theater is offering outspoken nerd something positive
a discount a small movie theater outside Tokyo is offering cheaper tickets to
so-called geeks for the summer romance movie about a nerdy guy who falls in
love all that's needed to get to this count is to ask for one ticket for a
geek at the booth for the Japanese movie train man customers are getting a
kick out of saying it said Koji Nita sales chief of the Fuji
see what Fuji sao a cell with either South of Tokyo there only a few who
look like typical geeks though I know somebody could oh yeah the
finitive geek the movie takes so-called geeks into a genre that I usually
associate it with romantic love the 22-year-old hero turns to a favorite
geek refuge in search of girlfriend advice the internet's offering a
discount seems to be widening the types of people eligible to be otaku the
Japanese term for geeks nitta said about 70% of the figures customers now
claim the geek will the real geek please stand up that's it vince sends a
faction says whereas Wilson picket on your poll while we we discussed a
possibility of putting out of having Wilson picket right we did well we just
mentioned Wilson picket now I said we might put him on air Wilson picket when
a man loves a woman and I'm gonna leave his other words other big hits I'll
look it up I got my top 40 book right here my billboard book which in
pages falling out of I guess I better go buy a new one I could get this oh he
have a lot of issues in my hours land up a thousand dances funky Broadway huh yeah
one of your favorites would all have to green grass cool you just over the
grass we must thank Sally staggerly midnight mover yeah all kinds of good and he
also recorded sugar sugar and I bet the archies aren't too happy about that
what we just talking about the arties be your show because I asked you are
two your favorite group our teeth sounds like a lot of bunk to me so there's
Wilson picket let's put him on air he'll give couple of votes not too many though
because he sure ain't no Jimmy Hendrix or Bob Marley although Ray Charles is
taking top spot let's hear it for Ray oh Ray nice going Ray Terry Ray Charles 85
Jimmy Hendrix 80 Bob Marley 49 Stevie I wonder 38 33 that can cool 32 oh that's
pathetic temptations 31 Michael Jackson's God
about 30 man Marvin Gaye 21 James Brown 11 notice reading 11 Chuck Berry 11
Prince 11 land Lance Armstrong don't have any but Louis God 10 I'm so sick
it's hard to hear about Lance Armstrong man I just want a barf you care about
Lance Armstrong no he's God oh Vince is also thanks for the link to Yahoo
say for the Red Cross donations is impossible no donated to Red Cross Web as
usual the great bedtime stories make you and your step true patriots yes we are
great for two patriots and speak of the patriots I was talking about these
arm-common Josh he's gonna be up for the season yeah yeah yeah likely
story how's that escalated coming I wonder if he still peered at those
Cadillac people poor Tom 5 6.755 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon
signal run the sun the bottom line to the show is today we love that video
then DVD those of us who have seen it about 10 of us standing in the shadows of
Motown and the rest of you are assigned to go out and get the DVD and the soundtrack
and number two bushes in in the seal and dangerous and a an evil doer of course
we knew that ahead of time when we didn't know was about standing in the
shadows of Motown thanks again so I thank him profusely give him a big kiss and
a little fun tomorrow I will for me that's from the old man WQA M hello not
there Q a M hello
a little Anthony Peril's no chance WQA M hello
I had two questions okay where are the four talks they're not on there
they are they are not I voted for the session they're on there
where are all the plays they're four votes small four times four
four oh pretty sad isn't it okay well I had mine and the other question is I
know this is going to sound kind of dumb and maybe a bit louder down to me but
about the leading in New Orleans when you're in a place that is like 15
feet below water has no electricity why on earth would you feel flat
screen TV so no like rainy day yeah I guess I don't you're asking me to explain
that because because you want to know the answer to the question seriously because
they can because they can oh okay that's a kind that's the kind of people I do
stuff like that because in other words when nobody's looking they'll take
whatever is there whatever is nailed down okay thanks good luck to us yeah
yeah all kinds of crap and so there's two different kinds of looters the
looters we like or taking stuff that they desperately need to like say a
live and the necessities of life you'd call it like food and water that kind of
helps and I can I can actually see people go in and take a pair of shoes or
something I mean these people have been wandered around for days now in in water
up to their hips for crying out I can see that I'll maybe a good pair of hip
boots might be better yeah waiters then 31 pair of nighties and re-box did you
see some of those people like just boxes and and the best part of the deal is
they're going into the shoes doors and they're sitting down and and trying them
to make sure they get the right size okay when they go into brandy's to see
Arnie or let me try these on and make sure I got the right because there's
nothing worse than sealin something that don't fit this is Neil Rogers this is 5.6
Q.A.
episode of MTV's Pit My Space Shuttle no after not boy remember that two
pro-tudent fifth of each shielding our permanent where we ripped them bad boys out
and hooked you with these bang and stuff whoopers check it that is no over I
got a spectacular job I think you see we ripped out all them complicated
instruments to one that and put in a 32 inch plasma monitor with DS-3 Houston
we have a PlayStation that's all tonight on MTV
consider this reusable spacecraft Roger I mean Roger's old four shizzle
C.K.A.W. Mokanshan
I don't realize I'm way out about 8000 CVs here so I just looked at my
contract and it says if they don't have the rights to the games they have to
provide the monetary compensation for like 80 million different club
seats and etc and so on I think six club seats founder seats founder seats
all all of these things so I'll take the cash rate sorry Josh you lose well
when you think you're going to cut right yeah you get a cut alright right
right here to the thumb right about where the thumb meets the wrist the fact
that we're supposed to be such a big shot sports station or wouldn't you think
that they would be able to give you a couple tickets here and there now and
in huh what up what up that's right I forgot you're connected with this show
you know we're the boys and now before we got in home with a show a year ago
he was like you know persona Greta but I was persona non-humana done grati
bad guy anybody connected anybody who likes this show anybody who talks to us
anybody who has anything to do with the new Roger show we're on the outs and
you know what too bad somehow you'll scrape your way by you don't need to see
the stickin dolphins anyway you know we easily could have made our seven a
600 votes today in fact I think we still might with 22 votes in 13 minutes we
could do that can we and we haven't even mentioned it we're just floating on
in there 580 580 we need 20 votes in 13 minutes to get to 600 another
phenomenal accomplishment let me say it again the name of the DVD is standing in
the shadows of Motown and it's just seriously when they sit down and they
start when they get together and start jamming and man they're playing all those
songs like we're here today and it's it's exactly I mean precisely exactly
like the original and of course it ought to be because it's it's they're the
maybe the ones that played it you know for they are really I should probably
play a little more that Joan Osborne and I playing in that what becomes of the
Broken Hearted though do it oh no he and I didn't play heat wave no that's what I
didn't play the Tino sound like Mark or you as opposed to like yours
now if I were to play that said that's the original Martha the Vandela's would
you have noticed any difference no you said oh yeah he's spot on she's spot in it
yeah he's got a spot 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 says nothing worse than having a spot on
it you know on what oh whatever 5 86 we're gonna just slide right into 600 this
is fantastic this is like almost being redeemed you know it Ray Charles 89
Jimmy Henry's 84 and after that that's Bob Marley 50 then that makes you want to
like cry out whatever Bob Marley Mon you big Bob Marley fan yeah I like a couple
of his songs yeah but I mean he's in the same category with these other people
no that's me four tops have four votes and Bob Marley's got 50 what that be
man what kind of a bunch of communist crap is that better I guess I can
shmit can the schedule now can I can I'm sure that next week's schedule all but next
week is the last week for this two weeks man it is bad bad news really a
bad situation good for you bad for me this is Neil Rogers this is 5 6 2 8
I am he has the dolphin so the worst football team there every gamblers right there
there every football be stream they can't score any touchdowns not even one field goal
and when you say Miami you're so fucking toilet bowl but they're the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the lead
32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins you're fed on them you'll always lose
but dolphins can't beat anyone can even beat the spread I wish that Vince
somebody would come back from the dead there's Nick Saban make some practice while he wears
that stupid hat till end up like their last set coach at loser day one set and they're
up Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the
lead but they're the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins I missed on Shua how about you
absolutely some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal striped they're tight
and like so we're got by beating up his wife half the team are criminal the other
have some drugs and this is what will happen when you dropped up bunch of dogs and
there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the
lead Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins they really are a motley crew
but dolphins have no walking they've got no passing games I've got just one suggestion
they ought to change their name to the Miami tampons and why do such a thing they're good
for just one period and have no second string and they're up Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the lead Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
again the fans begin to move the dolphins have no balls except all ones they're playing
with I just can't wait to see how Ricky will you stick saw it it doesn't matter it
he never has another trope it seems that this seems playoff dreams that all gone up
been smoking there up Miami Dolphins oh right Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number what the
L 32 Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins now their
guess who's missing in the Orleans by the way and the irony of it is what if his big hits
was walking to the Orleans oh fat stomino and Juan fast domino has the hurt from since Monday
afternoon his rock and boogie wiki piano and deep soul voice are only part of not only part
of rock and roll how a family responsible for doesn't it hits like blue Monday and
that is shame libra Hill and yes I'm walking and walk into the Orleans domino 76 who is
wife Rosemary daughter and three store tickets passing the Orleans past work which is now underwater
not looking good for Antoine that would be bad one of my favorites he not getting a lot of
votes today and it's because you people do your taste is well who was it was the all time best
black recording artist and or group and so far Ray Charles 91 Jimmy Henry 85 Bob Marley 51
month Stevie Wonder 37 at King Cole 36 Michael Jackson 33 temptations 33 Marvin Gay 26
J to whatever not my what was that fat stomino oh you're never not my taste in music again
please bye bye bye
