Only Carl. Neil Rogers' right the Cubs. Start!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
We are the stars
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
Be true to your show
You're the stars, you're the stars
We're done, now we're here baby
We're rocking back and forth with Javanan
We're like, uh, like, like that
But anyway, they're right
What I always tell you, the religious people are the
Crazy people, don't ever forget it
Not just any of one, but I mean the more religious, the crazier they are
The louder they are, the louder they are
I beg your pardon? The lot, the lot
And don't forget about those pillars of salt
Anyway, so they took the, uh,
Pull in the Suncentle
And of course needless to say they put it on Friday
Knowing that I wouldn't be on here on Friday
And I'm sure you didn't mention it
And they took a poll about how do you rate Jimmy Sifilus in Joe Rose on the
Detolphin broadcast
And of course that Uncle's broadcast on Saturdays
Sent there our numbers diving down even, even more
And, uh, all of us said that it disappeared this morning
It was on their yesterday and their A's dropped from the 18.8 A to about and then the F up to
of over 20% last time I looked at it until it disappeared.
The bottom line adding the CD and F was like about 60% CD or F and A and big at about 40%
not really good.
The audience is unimpressed Jimmy.
Hey Jimmy.
You're fairy.
But of course Jim Sarni has seen on this show we take a stupid ass poll every day to kill
some time and give you something to do.
You know, awesome busy work.
But at least we have our own opinions.
I'll say, well here's what the poll says but the correct answer is not giving my own
idea.
But Jim Sarni, that big boop hotel he hasn't got any opinions of his own evidently.
So it's always, well let's take a poll and then if they don't like the way it comes
out it just kind of vanishes or they don't give you the result or whatever.
Come on Sarni, butch up you, any you quizzling you.
You're fairy.
A commercial airline with at least 158 people aboard crashed in Western Venezuela early
today after reporting engine trouble.
A lot of plane crashes yesterday and you know what?
I mean lately.
A top government official said it was unlikely anybody survived.
Well that's what Scott Miles O'Brien said even before the crash they're all dead.
The West Caribbean Airways plane was on route from Panama to the Caribbean island of Martinique.
Oh, who'd want to go there?
When it's part of reported trouble with both engines to Caracas's air control tower around
three o'clock this morning said, Francisco Paz, president of National Aviation, did I
say that right?
Francisco Paz.
The airport authorities lost radio contact with the plane about ten minutes later when
the plane was in the area of Machique case.
400 miles west of Caracas and the western border in St.
Ave.
He said, Thulia.
Residents in the area said they heard an explosion Paz said.
He's here at Minister Jesse Chacone said that based on reports from over to aircraft flying
over the area it's unlikely that there could be any survivors.
So planes just keep falling out of the sky all over the place.
Maybe and they had another helicopter crash somewhere in Afghanistan right?
Yeah.
All over the place.
Look at this.
What is the main cause of violence in America, Georgia's poise yesterday?
Over a thousand votes.
Nice go to George.
Well, it's that aspect, you know.
Yeah.
It's like it's the past Friday.
I'm looking at the physics on our website.
Yeah, it must have been asked Friday.
So, Shmere lived on your head.
On your forehead.
Little ass.
Already did.
Oh, God.
And I looked down there to see what it was that got the tremendous response.
And it's a rear ass view of some Syrian woman.
Pro-Tanasi Syrian?
She's a Syrian.
Yeah, very Syrian about it.
It looks like a guy to be honest with you.
If you look at the hair and look at the ass, it looks like a guy.
And just a distant picture of some ass and she's protesting about, but a beep, but a
beep, but a beep, and that's it.
All of a sudden, oh, gee, it's a naked ass.
I always think of what we ought to do is go back to the Beated Curtain and have like
celebrity ass of the day.
Okay.
We can do that, couldn't we?
You tell me.
I don't know where the line is anymore.
No, no, you could have an ass picture.
It's got nothing to do with genitalia.
And then we could, can we do a separate poll?
Is it physically possible, Josh, that we can do like a poll on the Beated Curtain?
We can do that, couldn't we?
Absolutely.
I beg your pardon?
Absolutely.
But yeah, and we could like have people guess whose celebrity ass it was every day.
That could hold a whole bunch of response on her again.
And once in a while, we could do like a male ass.
Like we could put Greg Reed's picture on there.
Just his face, huh?
I don't think that's possible only the one.
Seriously, what's not possible?
I was joking.
Male ass.
No, we could do that.
Like could he tell me Cruz's ass?
We don't have any male asses?
Oh, yeah, we could find out.
I mean, mostly female, obviously, because except for some of the listeners out here
want to see Tom Cruz's ass, just take a look at him.
Okay, he's all ass.
Speaking of all ass, you people at MSNBC now was lucky enough this morning to catch the
promo for Rita Cosby.
Seriously, this is their big coup.
Their burpless coup and MSNBC, Rita Cosby, who may be one of the ugliest skankiest looking
bitches I've ever seen.
And she has a little bit of a problem for broadcast.
And then she can't speak.
I don't know.
You talked about your son.
I understand it's hard for you to talk to your son about the details of this case.
She can't speak.
I mean, right.
Yeah, she's got a skankier nose and she's an idiot, a bubblehead and she can't, and it's
not like she's that lyrnjadis.
That's just the way she speaks.
Wow.
So what a coup for MSNBC is those numbers continue zooming down.
Okay, a thousand and five votes on Georgia's poor yesterday.
Let's get back to something really serious here, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
What is the main cause of violence in America?
Bad parents, 249.
Well, how about no parents?
Yeah.
This is the new thing in America like one parent families and no parent families and people
just making babies and just, you know, see the thing?
I'm impressed with that because cockroaches can make babies and rabbits can make lots of
babies and ants make babies.
What's the big deal?
What's the big timis?
One thing to make babies, it's nothing to have like a little responsibility.
I think instead of like forced liberalizations, a great idea.
But anybody who's going to like have babies out of wedlock, for example, George?
Yeah.
Main cause of violence in America.
Bad parents, 249.
That's a cop-up, wouldn't you say?
No, it's the Tiger.
No, that's the main cause of violence.
Yeah, parents not making their kids enough.
Oh, I see.
Poverty 204.
Now that's a cop-up.
Right.
Just because your poor isn't excused.
No, you're right.
We're not asking about crime like a pickpockets or, you know, holding up a seven-lam.
We're talking about violence because they're frustrated.
Oh, is that what it is?
Black people, 141, which I see a cross over there for the top two.
And, of course, you left out black people with guns.
You see, we have a real problem here in Toronto lately with the black folks who are gunned.
But where are you at?
Right here.
You know what they said?
Where are you at?
Well, you at?
Those new commercials.
Yeah.
Oh, you've seen that too, huh?
Where you at?
No, no, no.
Not seriously.
What kind of crap is this?
Well, I don't want to find out who it's for because it's probably some sponsor bars.
But what is that?
Well, what would that be targeting your demographic?
Where you at?
No, I'm sorry.
But television promoting in commercials in literacy, that's not acceptable to me.
It's like a death wish for dark folks.
Where you at?
Oh, I don't want to go in with black people, 141.
I don't want to hear.
I can't stand it.
Guns 97, the Bible 79.
I know.
Actually, I had a lot on my boat.
Sure that.
And, of course, social to guns because we're going to the violence we couldn't have.
We've got like night violence and road rage violence with cars.
But most of it is crazy people would gun.
In a sponsor.
The Bible 79, which the Bible says, smite audio enemies, especially starting October 1st in Florida.
Republican 67, drugs 46, television 31, alcohol had.
About 30, man.
Democrats 20, immigrants 17, video games only nine.
Yeah.
Women 8.
Now, what does that mean women are the main cause of violence?
Well, the whole thing started with how women will start a fight and expect their man to finish it or
meant fighting over women or something like that.
There's 101 ways the woman create violence.
And movies 7.
Go get on there.
WCYN, hello.
My penis is gone.
Internet casino buys Jesus image parogi.
Here's the most important story of the day.
I saw that.
Point place, Ohio.
Where do you see that?
The parogi on the TV.
And Internet casino known for its collection of oddities is paid 1775 bucks for a parogi
meat.
Anybody out there who's not Polish or parogi is like a holding that looks like an image of Jesus.
Oh, I always wanted a parogi that looks just like Jesus.
Golden palace dot com purchased the admiestodator in auction offered by eBay.
The seller, Donna Lee, said that Jesus face appeared when she was cooking Polish dumplings
for Easter dinner.
That's what parogi's are.
Very good.
Kind of like a Canadian loss.
For all you go in Canadian law.
They were have canadles.
That I know it's like Jewish dumplings.
You're like a lot back in the North.
I pray for the dumplings to like taste really good.
Anyway, she was cooking Polish dumplings for each student at her home in Point Place.
They told you those suburb on Lake Erie.
She has kept it in her freezer ever since because there's a Jesus face on her parogi.
I wonder if there's a Mary face on her.
We seem to have an interest in all these religious items said drew black.
Marketing spokesman for golden palace dot com, probably no relation to J black.
The casino has a collection of odd items, including a 10 year old partially eaten cheese
sandwich thought to be containing the image of the Virgin Mary.
A pretzel shaped like the Virgin Mary holding a baby Jesus and a pregnancy test that
led you into long to Britney Spears.
Black said the parogi will draw the traveling museum that the online casino is creating
for its collections.
Oh God.
I hope I live long enough to see the parogi with the Jesus face on the parogi.
Yeah, the lately with all this, you know, God's a crap going on.
That's all we see now.
For one hand, the crazy Muslims with their flying carpets and then of course the
Hacidum over there with the boxes on the hills and the big hats and the long the
beards and the payers and they're rocking back and forth and they got oh geez like a card.
Oh, and they show this like these are like this is the way the world is supposed to be.
Okay, like we're not supposed to laugh at this.
You know, somebody would say when you're making fun of other people's religion and the
answer is no.
No, the answer is yes.
Sorry.
Yeah, that's probably one of the best things you can do is make fun of other people's
religions.
He's got a bad.
He's got a bad.
1014 at 560 WDQM.
Oh man, we'll start with your guns from the spoke up.
I took your calls for these phonics.
They say the future needs right for me.
Now I can't get snow jobs because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old-tea girl.
You might like to talk to your house this way.
Now I can't do nothing but my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot roll.
Try my doomsend the quarter and you can't let.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
body.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
body.
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cards hanging outside, developing their
The other thing you know of is oil concealing.
And the other thing is oil concealing.
I didn't learn that it's oil concealing.
And the other thing is oil concealing.
I never knew I had someone to be able to think of when money goes away again and again.
I never knew that it was oil concealing.
I remember the young guy from the leadership of an email, even in that raisedili dark
I remember the young brother from the chair.
And the fridge is there.
I remember when I was feeling all the white nails
hanging outside, the building they were bought,
grinds the blues, that bothered me.
Why there was got no job for me.
And I had a...
So the bonnets would give my life a chase now.
I had...
got to go in and sell more crack, okay?
수도 prick!
zuboolrtick!
upmaking the whole thing a day!
They're funny.
Where did they end up?
so many ugly people in so little time. Marty Feldman though seems to be winning hands down your pants. Marty's got 61. Oh come on
He was adorable must be those Marty Feldman eyes you think. Oh
Haven't played that in a long time but it's coming up soon. But
93 votes Marty Feldman 61. Hank Goldberg 35. The Humper
That's what Hank on the Arlington Millions helicopters inserted. I mentioned that. No, but yeah, not on the area
I did this. He that Hank was on air and
I was thinking of myself for ABC sure like similar they treating very well and ESPN as well which is owned by ABC
They treated with respect as opposed to WQM which treats him with the greatest disrespect
I just mentioned that in passing okay. I Hank Goldberg 35 Mohawar David is got 21
They're showing a third place show for most so far. They're moving on to by the way
4 6 30 Marlins on deck Poverays at the Marlin 705 edk after the abaseball game
Stars sliced the loans got 16 Karl Maldon 12 neo-rodgers 11 right on Karl Maldon's ass
But I sure don't have his nose. No who does oh?
Olin Wilson 9 James Woods 9. I shouldn't have his zits. Oh Charles Bronson 8 WC fields 4 Peter Laurie 3 Gene Wilder 2 and Red Skeleton had a pair
God bless
See it's getting to be an age thing those of us who remember Red Skeleton were very small minority because all the Red Skeleton viewers are dead
All that you remember Red Skeleton I saw a picture or two and of course Josh never
He don't even know who Red Skeleton is he didn't know who been crossby was so sure I do I do you do what?
No Red Skeleton was I do would you see that like on a comedy channel or on the one who's oldy moldy some old video?
I think I see
Uh, I'll be honest with you. I think he was highly overrated
Where's keon all right you can't say that he's dead and that's the second largest he was below
But I don't think he was all that funny. He was no jacking leasing that's for damn sure
He was no uh after the other one who was overweight it was jacked many yeah well
Well, what was so funny? I mean I love his reading impersonations, but other than that
So you asked about that woman and you probably just touched on this yesterday
But this seems to have gotten so many people reading it on our website other than looking at that Syrian ladies ass
Yeah, that's a very silly if you're that desperate. I think it's definitely time
Russian will I with no empty too was in that okay forget about Merlin chambers just Russian will I with no empty chambers?
I mean come on Eric suggested it because we were talking about her in some way going Eric
It's your this stuff here on Friday just to uh let's everybody knows the desperation level of our audience out there
Why just want to see a little flesh anything please so pretty please so what do you think?
My idea about the celebrity ass okay, and we've got a huh?
We I don't know if we can do it every day. We don't have that much of a pool or like once a week like for the weekend
We could have the Friday ass Friday ass Friday is good. That's a great idea the weekend. You know name that ass right
And of course just like the uh
The ass is on your forehead. What do you do with an ass on Friday? Just rub it there you go
I think that's the answer Rick and there's your buddy Rick Raleigh who you hated like poison
Well speaking of people who you really don't like a lot rumor called me yesterday. Yeah, how's he doing?
Which I need like a locking cup. I said when the phone rang and it was rimmer
I thought to myself
Yeah, locking cup like the Chinese say oh god. Well, you leave me alone already rumor. Oh, you got to go to Vegas
We just came back from Vegas. Oh, I said I'm not going to Vegas
So I just came back from wood vine and if I want to lose my ass, which I always do I can go out there
It's 25 minute cab ride away. I don't need to go to Vegas
Although we did want me to mention that he hates the panthers like poison and wishes they lose every game
And also hates the knees pot fan and wishes he would get right over by a mac truck
But other than that. Oh, he really did say that about well, he was giving me a son of a dance
It's our grapes is what I told him that sounds like sour grapes to me
You left the organization and they screwed you over and your buddy Doug McLean took you under his wing in Columbus
And I'll have a son your big Columbus guy and you hate the panthers came on you rumor and don't call me anymore
Stop bugging me get on my nerves
Sitting there watching the TV relaxing mind in my own business and all of a sudden the phone rings
Papa you know
Yeah talking about people with no life
So anyway the woman died making her first skydive see I had never understood this people who wanted to really dangerous things like
I mean real dangerous, you know every time you get your car and saw a flood of that's dangerous
But I'm talking really really like putting your life on the line. I think I want you to try and approve it
I have no life. Maybe you're suicide. I want to do it, but I don't want to die
He is well. He evidently did the woman died making her first guy to have a tandem jump with her instructor who was seriously injured in the fall
Julia Bond no relation to Julian Bond of Evanston, Wyoming
You were asking me if it was in Florida now this dummy was in Evanston, Wyoming
Died on hospital after the jump Saturday in John van Cleve of Roy
I didn't even know that there was such a place as
Wyoming did you yep was in stable but serious condition some members of bonds family witnessed the accident making a
specially tragic said fire department battalion chief Steve splinter
You think he's part of some group you know like some
Splitzer group group
They were conflicting
They were conflicting accounts for witnesses of what happened some said Augusta wind caught the pairs
They came down and pushed them into a building at the north end of august and airport splinter set
Other said the pair missed the building but the wind caused the parachute to collapse and they too dropped about
I'll see you won't be going out again
Somebody that you really care about says oh, I think I'm going to go skydiving. I gotta give it a shot say no
Of course a lot of people threaten to do things like that because they want you to beg them
Please don't do it to prove how much you care about them. See. Oh, that's an old scam
committee Q. I.m. Hello. Yeah, they got
Extra for you. Bella Lucy. Probably go see was an ugly guy. I guess
Okay, that's what the guy says Bella
He was ugly. I thought he was um strange looking strange looking and with the piercing eyes
But I guess it's those eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye eye. I guess that's what does it bit? Yeah, Bella
Lucy let's get him on there. I'm sure we'll have lots more to add to the list
And aren't you people pleased that we have a pulled building thing here today and it wouldn't surprise me on Thursday
If you already know what that pole is gonna be since we're doing the all-time ugliest male celebrity today
I'll give you 85 guesses. I got an idea when you're shopping for shoes
Comfort and fit see George interrupted my spot and it's start over it when you're shopping for shoes comfort and fit is what
It's all about if you see she's got this line in here. I got across that hey Berkeley. You're an idiot. Okay. You're an
Embecile you're you're just a moron. How's that teacher doing coming Berkeley you quizzling you you you
I turned the knob on my radio. I heard a crappy song by JLo must be pale
A pay pay pay pay
If they put it on the air even though it sucks cuz Sony paid them
A thousand bucks of pay all
A pay pay pay pay all
Oh
Now every time you hear JLo sing
Someone's getting lots of free blink blink
And if they make a record number one they get a laptop better
No, I'm not so
It's musical guys, but I'm not surprised that was record guys you
Oh
Oh
Oh
Understand it's hard for you to talk to you sound about the details of this case
Oh, I miss it me see I really caused me what a cool man what a cool as in cool cool could you know?
Okay, I was gonna say that oh my god give me a break. She is just nasty in every respect
I bet she she's got stank breath. Yeah, I could be wrong. I bet you're her back. Oh, Mel's real bad too
Will and the foe somebody says felt very badly by the way, but nevertheless will get it
Well, he's an ugly guy. All right and
Bokeh Brian suggested Richard Boone Richard Boone was an ugly guy. He never really had a big nose
But he had like James Woods knows he had like a zits on his nose right?
She's not a good idea
But he's got a gun
You know travel if you call him ugly
You're ass okay, so cut the crap and Eric put one on there that you should have who is I love it
Oh, there's that's the winner right there. Thank you Eric. I should have had that how do I forget about him?
Well, since you the robber's eyes are we in?
You know the more I think about that there is I don't care. There's something there
It doesn't meet the eye. Oh, I'm sorry. I mean whether you like to be robber's is an actress is a person or whatever
But I mean she's you know she's cute. See she's fine. I'm wrong with you. You know those actor types. They're strange
Yeah, right kind of like sounds like Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie is what it sounds like to me or Debbie Roe or Tommy Roe
I think Michael Jackson and Tommy Roe gonna or hope that I saw a tab 100 movie for about 30 seconds the other day
I kept thinking the image of him and Tony Perkins doing it like do e-style kept coming to mind
If couldn't get that out of my mind at any rate speaking a crazy religious people
You know seriously you folks are about to do something about this. You've got to take the religious people and do something with it
Yeah
I mean how can the world survive? Oh, let's see Phil Henry
What what is this you can the only important part George W. Bush is God.com on the Phil Henry blog?
No, and how about Phil Henry for the poll okay, huh? Are you sure? Oh, yeah? He's a hell of a lot of you even more
I'll take it that. Do you think he's one grotesque looking guy take it from me who already looks bad
Oh, let's see loves George W. Bush. I don't want to be care about him, you know he's
Okay old news let's see lone priest defends man in the head of Croatia gig
Maryland man in times must be getting really really tough on you
Yeah, it's one thing when you guys started appearing at falls view casino and Niagara falls like rain Newton and
The Kenny Rogers. I guess those roasters aren't so intensive, you know
Are they still open Kenny Rogers? I don't know. I haven't seen one in a long time. Oh, probably not
I told her so I'm one time at Tom Pinopark. He said at that table right across from me in that rich Kenny Rogers
Also Jim Leeland said over there one time whoo and on the other table where the shoe guy early used to sit which by the way
Earl I can't stand you
What's his name was there Pete Rose?
I don't like stack of bills and some fluency on his arm. You know so every time I mentioned Pete to Hank
It's like oh, you know
Why do you know Hank is part of that sports fraternity? You know those people kind of like suck around together WQ. I am hello
Q. I.m. Oh
I'm a hedgehog the phone man the hedgehog Ron Jeremy. I never heard him called the hedgehog
How Goldstein called him the hedgehog of porn every time he referred to really? Yeah, but how does this guy remember that maybe
There's an old Goldstein one else's boyfriend that could be that he met at the ring and amstu
Okay, let's get him on their round here. I mean history of grotesque and he took he took
I will never get over the fact that he took great umbridge with the fact that I said that he was a
Period Harry and ugly and he like oh
I'm a sex symbol I'm a stud. Yeah, right
He's enough to make me lose interest in sex for the rest of my life. He's so grotesque man. Somebody Q. I.m. Hello
Hedgehog radio Q. I.m. Yes
Edward James almost
Almost gonna win a pool right. Thank you. Yeah, he's ugly. He's another zip-head. Mm-hmm greater face
Oh, you know what I got here. What do you got there speaking of Howard Coastal?
He was pretty ugly too, but I'm not suggesting we put him on the phone. He's a great day Johnson happy
Well, that can be the
Every station had a film news sound that was the ABC News Center was also the intro to speaking of sports with Howard Coastal
Let me hear it again
Religious groups in Croatia are put arms over the yeah, I'm a little off my timing now because with Hank on vacation two weeks
We don't have any crossover which is fine with me
I don't want to cross over with Gildey and Kimba not nothing against them personal
But what are you gonna talk about with them? Yeah, oh, we could talk about to Kimba about the cow on front of university
Dogs I'm sure you like to get the preplugin sure, but so as a result
We actually started 10 o'clock is opposed to the seven or eight or sometimes nine or ten minutes that Hank and I get to butcher and kill
At 10 o'clock every day, which I like a lot, but don't let me forget my list of racetracks when Hank comes back
Oh, assuming he comes back religious groups in Croatia are up in arms over the imminent arrival or shock rock or
Maryland Mansard for Manson for a concert, but rounding to the banner of free speech and perhaps a little shock value of his own
Manson is found one unlikely to fender a Catholic priest
Maybe the priest likes him how could Manson turn young people into Satanist and drug addicts in the two hours of his activity
Newspaper
Visnet coded priest Anton Boba says saying Boba's who leads a heavy metal band of his own called blood
Necessy Naude messengers of hope says most of Manson's critics have never heard his songs or even seen him perform
The lone priest finds himself fighting a weird guard action weird guard
Let them now the priest know a lot about that against Christian groups from the ispian peninsula ahead of the constant August 22nd of the
Northern aad we had a town of Pula Protestant organization O'Waza which sounds a little like
Yeah, Protestant organization
Once the concert band did it while seven Catholic priest offered to pay
Damages to the organizers use if the concert was canceled arguing that the band's lyrics and image promote
Satanism drug use and violence. Well, what's wrong with that?
Right Boba said the best concert he ever attended was seen Manson live in Hamburg, Germany three years ago
But even Boba's temper is his support despite the music
Manson was a rather dark persona and he wouldn't recommend anyone especially young people to attend the concert
So in other words, he wants the concert to go on just so anybody go there
Makes sense to me. How do you Q. I. Am hello? I need a Mary Abraham. That's a good choice
Who F. Murray Abraham? I don't have no idea who that is. I always wonder who would F. Murray Abraham? Who is it?
It's an actor. He's a very famous actor F. Murray Abraham you I never heard him who is that?
It's an actor. He's a famous man who that and where he be at F. Murray. What's he in? Let me let me do an IMDb
I do I do I think you guys I think there was a set up call that like one of the house even calling it
I think he's got his tits
Too tight how can I not know F. Murray Abraham if he's a famous actor?
He was a Jewish boy too. Oh, is he really?
Maybe he's rocking it right now over there in the Gaza strip. They're rocking back and they're doveting
We're not gonna leave. We're gonna burn down the house
We don't want some schmack the head moving any and meantime they got the worst mackas on their heads
It's a battle of head gear when the history of the human race is written some dark day
It'll turn out to all be a battle of head gear
Stop that my god is better than your god. It's my head gear my schmata is better than yours. That's right
No, no, no, no, I got a better. Oh, Kippah man. I got a better skull cap
In fact, what wasn't it skull in the skull and bones was that thing?
You know, of course I told the one so that Roberto Calvary documentary
Well, it was it was a it was a documentary. I guess MSNBC
They actually had a good show on over the weekend Roberto Calvary the a Vatican banker who was a portrait in Godfather 3
That's one of the good things about Godfather 3 with that Vatican banking scandal
And of course he supposedly hanged himself in London and it's very obvious. He did not it was a was a moiter
The giver for the day for the mafia he was the banker for the free mason's which is not good the PI
And he was also a banker for the ill-vaticano
So he was to hang out with some really nasty people and now he's dead
So did you ever see on the day of some trying to find a movie that you might not see in okay?
Because he's made like
Million movies 78 now. I'm sure I've probably seen him
But it's one of those people is he like a star here
Or is it like a director director? Oh, okay, but he's ugly. Oh, yeah, well who needs a man?
19 before 11 at 560 WQI thing about those greatest hits collections from the 70s and 80s is all the wonderful memories the music brings back
But what about all the great times you've had recently?
Now you can relive those memories with the greatest hits of July
2005 featuring all your favorite hits from the greatest month since June
2005 with great songs like Don'tcha from the pussycat dolls and buster rimes
Oh
It was July and I remember it was hot out or this one from Kelly Clarkson
Wow
I remember it was
July because the weather was really hot or how about this classic from Will Smith
And coming soon look for the greatest hits of August 2005 featuring a lot of the greatest hits from the greatest hits of July
2005 but with different memories mostly about how it got even hotter
I've tell you who qualified for the poll except for the fact that he's not in radio while he's in radio
Sort of like on a fringe of it is Maddie Bell
Boy if he isn't one of the nastiest looking and I'll tell you another one in radio is PD Lenny
Yeah, without a cordy in skin face in it would add leather of the leather look
I'm not talking about the I'm talking about the skin
It's red left or it's not a personal lock at least not on PD Eleni anyway Maddie and see one thing about life is that even if you're ugly
As in you can still talk about other people being ugly. It's like if you're fat
You can still say look what a fat slob that is sure you ought to know somebody says how about cowboy western actor Jack Elam
Yeah, every time we do an ugly poll of any kind Jack Elam always gets some votes. Okay, Jack Elam on there
He was kind of crusty to look at
Rusty and crusty five six seven oh five sixty and you think the brits have problems with these
You here's a different kind of you to have in problems with a severe shortage of sperm donors
Government plans to make fertility treatment more accessible to single women and lesbian couples are likely to be ineffective because of a severe shortage of sperm donors
A leading fertility expert and Britain has told the Guardian those brits. Well, what do you expect all the brits are?
Yeah, anyway, which doesn't mean they don't have any sperm
But it's just it all depends on where they want to put it
Proposals to work for a facility claims to be more flexible in who they offer treatment to our outlined
To be outlined in a Department of Health consultation paper this week many clinics only offer fertility treatment to heterosexual couples to ensure they comply with an
1990 human
Fertilization and embryology authority act. Why didn't even know that there was an
1990 human fertilization and embryology authority act in Britain
It states that clinics must consider the welfare of the future child and specifically the need for a father figure before offering treatment
A father figure for your father figure the common select committee on science and technology last year concluded
I knew it was you Frado
That was on again over the weekend the Godfather to and they had the unedited version it goes on for about 75 hours
My God great and the Hyman Roth the hotels here. It was all of those lines all those corny lines are always quoting some Godfather to I'm wondering how come
You know his the henchman that he took to kill Hyman Roth right why wouldn't he just have like a silencer and although it was just bad timing
I guess they all turn marching in there in the nurses came out. Oh my god
He got his alnieri. No, that wasn't alnieri. That was the big the tall
ominous looking guy with a black the totally black. Oh, yeah
That's right. I'm gonna have to look him up alnieri didn't get killed in fact
I don't remember he sent an area to visit the vision. That's right. That's right
I'll look him up the common select committee on science and technology and Britain last year concluded the act to be offensive to
One conventional families of single parents and single sex couples
Bill Ledger who runs a fertility clinic in Sheffield said the government's proposals were a lot of
But unlikely to be effective because of legal changes in April
I remove the status of anonymity from sperm donors under the new law any child born from a donor sperm can request
Know the identity of their biological father when they turn 18. Well if you're a key
It won't be I remember the royal family. He can be sure that really man
There's a whole bunch of queens in that family. I beg your pardon. I said rally. So who was that guy?
We haven't found you. No Godfather to you. You'll never find him
He was a Michael's bodyguard in Havana. Right. Can't you all find him right now?
I don't envision he's a big superman. Can you envision Superman? Yeah, Johnny
All I used to bring me here all the time. I knew it was you Frato. You broke my heart. He was so good in that Michael Michael
Corleone Al Pacino. Whatever's anyone. In fact, he was always good until he did one thing true
That was the end that was all the other one sent of a woman that was that was that preceded the who high I think oh
I thought that's the same movie. Oh, that is the same one. You're right. Right?
You're absolutely and you didn't even see it did you know?
No, good choice. That's how I do bow elimination because it's like the one I have a horrible movie that is and he got
He got an Oscar for that. It just goes to show you he didn't get the Oscar for any of the godfather's
I don't believe but he gets a gun. I guess it's called makeup time. It's like an involve game
You know a makeup call I'm part blows a call and all of a sudden we're gonna make good call or like a hockey
Same thing call a bad penalty and then I have to have a make good later on how about that hockey season?
By the way, where more wishes at the Panthers lose every game?
Errach's parliament agreed to a seven-day extension for leader. How come you're so newsy lately because I feel like it has that
Remember that guy in that New Yorkie guy go back in the years
Errach's parliament agreed to a seven-day extension for leaders to complete a draft constitution after politicians fail to reach a
Midnight Monday deadline to agree on the charter
Parliament adjourned after voting to extend the deadline till August 22th acting on a request from Kurdish leaders for more time all the Kurds and ways and
Means committee she I'd soon be in Kurdish framework. See this is all this is are you a person are you a human?
Are you let's let's take the country you live in are you in a raki or are you one of these religious one of these sects?
See people think that sex is the problem. It's sex sex sex. That's the problem
Everybody's divided into their sect and sub-sect and this and I mean but it's crap. Don't label me
That's what they're saying. Oh
She I'd soon be in Kurdish framers of the charter had reached a tentative deal
Yes, today agreeing on issues ranging from oil revenues to the country's name
But putting off decision on the most contentious questions including women's rights the rule of Islam and possible Kurdish autonomy
Efforts to make the August 15 deadline showed how to terminate a raki's are to maintain political momentum under intense
U.S. pressure, but their failure to agree was a clear sign that their sharp political visions are far
From over what it says here. Where's this from this is from the A&P
Recurring the same leaders
The law was to award in the presidential model of freedom. There was a bubble on air
I'm sure you knew who that was. He's no reading Cosby. I'll tell you that
Well our heroes and I don't care how you pronounce her name because I heard her pronounce her own name
Everybody in the media is calling her Cindy she-han. Okay. She pronounced it like I did she in okay. I knew some she-han
She probably hung out in the she and he helps once upon a time back in the day doing an old style
All the why don't think her kind hang out in the she-han helps you know
Undaunted by counter rallies and even neighbors gunshot blast into the air a
Woman who's sundied in a rags head shall continue her anti-war demonstration your president pushes ranch for three more weeks
We can't get up give up no matter how hard it gets in the she-han city
I said in more than a week after she started the protest and memory of her 24-year-old son Casey
She ends makeshift campsite along the road leading to the ranch is going to more than a hundred and hundreds more
Stopped to show their support on Sunday as about 60 in jeans group hell of religious service neighbor Larry Matledge
fired his shotgun into the air twice
Sheriff deputies and secret service agents rushed to his house didn't the rest of the course
I am threatened nobody. I ain't important to got nobody MATLAID said this is Texas gosh dang
Madlet said he was initially sympathetic toward the demonstrators
But today blocked roads in the Iran caused traffic problems. He said he fired his gun in preparation for the dog hunting season
But when asked if he had another motive he said figure it out for yourself
She in 48 said she wasn't concerned with her own safety
But is told others to be aware that this could get physical even though we're peaceful
I think we knew the risk when we came down here said she in of
Vacuville, California. I'm surprised we haven't had more of that since we're in bush country
She and said she won't leave camp Casey until Bush meets with her and during her is month-long ranch visitors vacation
And she met with two top Bush administration officials on the first day of her protest
and of course
Al President say he's he's just got to get out with his life you understand that don't you? I do understand
Yeah, in fact, here's that story. I don't think I do
President Bush noting that lots of people want to talk to the president
And it's also important for me to go on with my life on Saturday defended as decision not to meet with the grieving mom of a soldier killed in a rack
Bush said he's aware of the anti-war sentiments of Cindy she and others who've joined her protest near the Bush ranch
But whether it be here or in Washington or anywhere else. Hey, where you at?
There's somebody's got something to say the president that's part of the job
Bush said on the ranch and I think it's important for me to be thoughtful and sensitive those who have something to say
But he added it's also important for me to go on with my life to keep a balanced life. Oh my god
I have no life the comments came prior to a bike ride on the ranch with journalists and aids
It also came as the crowd of protesters grew in supporters. She and she arrived early in the week with about a half dozen supporters
As of Saturday there were about 300 anti-war protesters and about a hundred people supporting the Bush administration
In addition to the two-hour bike ride Bush's Saturday schedule included wait for the year this
He's got more important things to do with them eat with that bitch all right
Saturday schedule through an evening literally baseball playoff game a lunch meeting with secretary
State condolese arise a nap some fishing and some reading like the weekly reader somebody read it to him
I think that people want the president to be in a position to make good crisp decision to stay healthy
He said when asked about bike riding while a grieving mom wanted to speak with him
And part of my being is to be outside of exercise exercising
I'm fried how about exercising your brain if you got one okay dumbbell
Fried a Bush's motorcade drilled by the protest side. I wrote to a Republican fundraising event at nearby ranch
As Bush ruled by she and held a sign that said why do you make time for donors and not for me good questions in the no answer of course
I'm talking little people no answer
Shut up from the world. By the way, yes
Busetta
Michael's bodyguard was played by a medical top. I'll be damned
I made a go of a skewed she no
I'm right here. Who is the obvious thank I was pretty I mean although nobody would know who I was with no point in putting the
Monopolis pigeri gun in IMDv who is the all-time ugliest male celebrity movies TV radio
T rooms whatever we got how many votes so far 288 we got a shot at 400
Now the kids are back in school. I'm tired of excuses. Okay. Yeah, I'm tired of hearing about the summer
Doldrums in the dog days and vacations and the kids are the kids are back in school which by the way
It's just unacceptable at the back so early. I know you disagree, but yes
I think all your kids that are going on strike 12 hours a day Marty Feldman 80 Hank Goldberg 50 Mo Howard David
26
Carmel the 19 sliced alone and the O'Rodgers tied with 18 you slide old fox lie. I love it 13 moving up fast James Woods 13 Charles
Bronson 11 Owen Wilson's only got 10 Ron Jeremy 7 hey you're ugly Ron and you're hearing you're fat and you're discussing
WC field 7 Peter Laurie 4 Jean Wilder 3 Red Scouton 3
Emerge James almost two almost human looking Phil Henry's got a pair. Are you sure?
Jack Elam one Bellagosi's got one and if Murray Abraham will him to foe and Richard Boone so far. I've got the big oh
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62 am
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Any questions
Your favorite female person is back on HBO with a sexy new show in a sexy new city bad dad
It's sex in the SUNY with Carrie. I clutter the entire Northern Alliance for this Vera Wing
Miranda just when I thought I met mr. Wright he blow himself up. I think my new boyfriend Osama has been hiding on me
And sexy Samantha those sons of grave could put me in a naked pyramid anytime sex and the SUNY the most explosive comedy of the year
There goes another one too bad. He was cute. Yes, Samantha like you need another man
Tell me about it. My love life is like I camels and feet. It's one hump after another sex and the SUNY on HBO right after
Curb your Milton is Lomac enthusiasm. I think that was a good idea that ass Friday on our website and what we put it back on a
Beated curtain again. All right. I don't think it even needs to be on a beated curtain, right?
We don't have to have like you have to be over 18 look and ask that that not for now, I guess not yet
That'll be starting in November, but at any rate
Let's do that. We had like a half a dozen different asses on there and then we'll have like different choices
ABCDE whatever
Including we can and we don't have to tell them whether it's a male or female ass. I mean you know generally
There's a pretty good difference, but not always for example
I picked you got a that Syrian broad right now. She easily could be a guy
Okay, I don't care what you say that
That's a guy and then we'll be like if you're in the turn then like on Monday. We'll give him the answer
Not a good idea keep him here over the weekend. We're gonna send us the vote on
See if they can recognize we'll give them like multiple ways, you know who's ass is this? That's what I just said now
What I just said, Jay did you say multiple choice?
New internet war I'm targeting windows a new internet virus targeting recently uncovered flaws in Microsoft
Croft's windows operating system is circulating on the internet and anti-hirus computer software makers say yesterday
The zootop virus appeared shortly after the world's largest software maker warned of three newly found critical security flaws
And it's software last week but that bill gates man. What a long kid including one that could allow attackers to take complete control of a computer
Trend micro ink said that the worm exploits security holes in Microsoft's windows 95 98 and me and E
2000 xp platforms and can give computer attackers remote access to affected systems hundreds of infection reports
We're cited in the US and Germany Tokyo based trend micro said
But computer security engineers at Microsoft said that the worm is only targeting windows 2000
So far it's shown a very limited impact. We're not seeing any widespread impact to the internet's
But we remain vigilant said the Stephen Toulouse manager at Microsoft security response center
Stephen Toulouse lot tracks the latest virus drops a copy of itself into the windows system folder as botzor.exe
And modify the systems host file in the infected users computer to prevent the user from getting online assistance from anti-virus websites
The worm can also connect to a specific internet relay chat server
And give hackers remote control over affected systems which could be used to affect other unpatched machines and the network can slow down
Network performance since most users may not be aware of this newly announced security hole
So it's to install the necessary patch during last weekend
We can foresee more infections from worm
Zota but said
Last to the Microsoft issued patches to fix fixed security flaws part of its monthly security bulletin the problem effect
The windows operating system and Microsoft's internet explorer web browser another good reason to use what you call a Firefox
Right right? Absolutely. As if we need any extra reasons to be using Firefox and not that
Antiquated internet explorer that opens up the door for all of those pop-up guys and all of that crap
It's the only one thing I would agree with you about them at the capital hill blue.com. I love the website
in fact, I got
Doug Thompson's article today, which I'm going to get to eventually if I get around but
It's one of those websites that opened it has along with a lot of baggage in terms of pop-ups
Only one worse is the fudge report. Oh my god. You fare everything is always popping up and the ads too
You ever look at that? No, I don't ever good idea bad for your health
So Doug Thompson and the rant rights. I didn't wasn't going to use this now
But why not is bush out of control Doug Thompson's the founder of publisher capital hill blue.com a great website that
George resents bitterly for some reason because it's probably the pop-up ads
By be leagered overworked white house aids enough drinks and they tell us
Sorted tale of an administration under siege be said by bitter staff in fighting and led by a man whose mood swings suggest
paranoia bordering on schizophrenia kind of like
Like that like the religious nuts like those crazy bastards dobbening there in
Good Gaza they describe a president whose public persona makes and masks an angry obscenity spouting man who be rates his staff
Unleash his tirades against those who disagree with him and ends meetings in the oval office would get out of here
Yes
In fact, it says George W. Bush's mood swings have become so drastic that white house emails often contain weather reports to warns of the
Presidents demeanor
Com sees means bushes calm while tornado alert is awarding that he is p-oed at the world
decreasing job approval ratings and increased criticism within his own party drives the president's paranoia even higher
Bush in a meeting with senior advisors called Senate Majority Leader Bill frist a gd trader for opposing him on stem
Cell research there's real concern in the West Wing that the president is losing at a high level lead told me recently
He's losing it over here a year ago this website to discover the White House physician described and he depressants for Bush
The news came after revelations that the president's wide mood swings led some administration staffers about his sanity
I thought we were under that long time ago. Yeah on site all those EOP loyalists dismissed the reports as an anti-bush propaganda
The reports were later confirmed by prominent church walked in university psychiatrists
Dr. Justin Frank in his book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president
Dr. Frank diagnosed the president as a paranoid megalomaniac and untreated alcoholic whose lifelong streak of
Satan's ranging from childhood pranks like using firecrackers to explode frogs to insulting journalists
floating over state executions and pumping his hand gleefully before the bombing of Baghdad showcases bushes and stability
I was really very unsettled by him and started watching everything he did and reading what he wrote and watching him on videotape
I felt he was disturbed Dr. Frank said he fits the profile of a former drinker whose alcoholism has been arrested but not treated
Dr. Frank's conclusion has been praised by other prominent psychiatrists including Dr. James Gronstine professor
UCLA Medical Center and Dr. Irving Yalom and the professor meritus at Stanford University Medical School
Oi
Dr. Frank's as a recovering alcoholics as Doug Thompson
Sober 11 years too much in nine days. I know all too well the symptoms that Dr. Frank describes and after watching
Bush for the past several years
I have to unfortunately agree with him
Conversations over the last few weeks with longtime friends who work in the Bush White House confirm even more
What Dr. Frank says and others have suggested the president of the United States is out of control
How long can the ship of state continue to sail with a madman at the helm
Like that I like that all right a madman at the helm sound like Q.A.M
56705 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line WDQ.A.M. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. Hey Neil you know that madman guy he shares a common border
He's George is like next door neighbor and you know if you were to shot that gun off
In protest of the war you know they would have been over there in suits
Yeah, okay. That was pretty good huh? Yeah
So he's your neighbor so he's George's neighbor fine
Right your neighbor died over next door five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon
Singular wireless line the earliest all-time celebrity and whatever else you got which obviously isn't much
That's pretty unusual isn't it? Oh, yeah, how many Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes, I have a godfather question
Please Neil to deserve this what have I ever done? Where was Alfredo doing his dad?
Yeah, we know Alfredo in the movie okay, Feditini. He was making Feditini go away
Yeah
He was hanging out with the what's your name the Fed slot
Wizard and thirsty thirsty. Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to forget. I don't know who to curse the alley from Gene alley
So you don't even know who Gene alley is doing a former pirate shortstop huh huh huh?
Ready snow Gene alley now we're talking baby
WQ.A.M. Hello
Duke us sir. Yeah, oh, that's it WQ.A.M. Hello
Hey, I want to put one on Neil's pole. Yeah, I bet
Can't forget. Well, we can't forget Steve Bouchemme or one of the ugliest men ever to be on TV. Okay
Can you stick that on it? We'll stick it. Thanks, Paul
We'll stick it right on Neil's pole five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only Verizon singular wireless lines on a fantastic
Tuesday, man
August 16. It's the middle of August. They only got about a month to go on this game. I mean on this great summer schedule
Not that I'm counting the days you understand though. WQ.A.M. Hello
Careful Neil the president's feeling a bit tight phoenix today
What a madman. Oh, we got three more years. Abu Dhabi
I have a name for your poll. The very ugly lady at the comedian Sandra Bernhard
Is the ugly smell celebrity. Okay, great
Now that's ironic because when I told his throes there was gonna be the females who did you mention? Sandra Bernhard
Okay, well keep that in mind for Thursday. That's the one.
Barbra. Tuesday last time I checked. I'm very important it's gonna be between her and babs
Oh, what about Rosio Donald? Well, there you go. There's what about there. Huh? There's a contender. Oh, there's a lot of ugly broads
Trust me when I tell you how much Shelley winners
I don't know if she was all that ugly just fat. I mean just disgustingly. She was drowning in the city
She was very young remember she was felt and good looking in the washy Shelley winners. She parked up
Started looking a little more like Jonathan winners all the time
12 minutes after 11 at 560 we got more Howard David and
You with his stuff now we still want to know where that pull wound up
We want to see the final result of that pull
I don't want like yeah at the Sun signal
Yeah, come on sarni you phony see take these pulls when they don't turn out the way he likes
And then not only that but he takes the pull he lets the guys over there at the ticket or whatever that thing is the
Faucet he lets them go sit up there in the beginning so they can go on a year
I bet you nobody on our station even talked about that today. No. Well, how would you know exactly like you listen to the sports shows my god
When you start listening to the sports show is that I know for the world okay
That'll be the day when I start listening to sports shows although I will say this
I think that they got the audio from the
I'm very excited and I'm very honored to being presented by tennis Canada and
It's a great part. I mean for me and representing my country as I can
There's some good sports radio. That's the fan. Oh, I shouldn't knock them because there are good friends
On the next episode of MTV's Pimp My Space Shuttle
No last run out boy. Remember that two pro-tudent Betta heat shielding
Fermanent when we ripped in bad boys out and hooked you with these bang and stuff whoopus
Check it
That is just over. I got a look
I think you can see we ripped out all them complicated instruments and whatnot and putting a 32 inch plasma monitor with
Houston we have a PlayStation that's all tonight on MTV consider that's reusable spacecraft
Roger I mean Roger's old foe's old
Oh God save us from all this crap. Please when you do it. Oh 1118 at 560 WQA. I'm here's a gene
Rogers is becoming really chronic. You're a good guy gene but cut the crap
He says how about Don I'mus for the pool and Wayne Heisenger and lastly Don King that sounds like three choices
But three good ones I would say especially Don King nice dude Don
And by the way Don where you at that dude Don Don the dude Ron Ron and that was uh
Let's see the crystals and in the Sean Cassidy the umptuous the talentless Sean Cassidy
Who I guess so always like uh lived in the shadow of his sister. I mean brother
There it is
By Sean no less now was that the dude Ron Ron Jeremy or somebody
So you do you know? No thanks
Maybe I'll do what you do on Ron. What do you think?
Okay, that's enough. Hey Sean
Ron
Get ready for World War three writes Paul Craig Roberts uh his website is anti-war.com by the way
You remember somebody said well when you read some of this stuff let us know where it's from okay
It's from neo-rogy's dot com too. It's already on her isn't it Josh
That's right. Get ready for WW3 with every post showing the majority of Americans both fed up with Bush's war against the raccan convince that Bush's invasion of Iraq has made Americans less safe
The White House moron proposes to start another war by attacking Iran
Vice President Cheney's already ordered the West Ritiju command to come up with plans to strike Iran with tactical nuclear weapons
Bush refuses to meet with Cindy Sheen instead using his vacation time at the Crawford Ranch to talk war with Israeli television
In a recent interview with Israeli TV Bush said all options are on the table with regard to Iran
The kudnik israelis bushes last remaining ally or egg or on in his war against Islamic terrorism
Israel which is loaded with nuclear weapons and is not a signatory to the nuclear packs
Is the accused of against Iran asserting that Iran's nuclear energy program is just a veil behind which to produce weapons
Israel's the kud party fears that Iranian weapons would be a check to its plans to complete the
Dispossession of the Palestinians in a further expand israel's borders
Iran has sought the non-proliferation pact and is willing for the ia ae a to monitor the nuclear energy program
Bush how would dismiss all facts and assurances and is willing to attack Iran based on nothing but
Israel's paranoia
Bush can ignore the american public because the democrats like the Tory party in the UK have completely collapsed as an opposition party
Absolutely
The republican party is now increasingly referred to as the republic kud party
The only check on bushes the lack of US troops bogged down in the Iraqi quagmire
US commanders are stating that a third rotation of our exhausted and demoralized troops in Iraq
Can be avoided only by troop withdrawals next spring
However on obvious 11th Bush next the military's task of reducing US troops in Iraq the next day the commander of
US logistics and Iraq announced that the number of insurgent attacks on US forces along supply routes has doubled in the last year
Making it clear that far from winning the US is not even holding its own
Cindy sheen has the right question for Bush what noble causes being served by all the suffering and destruction
Bush isn't hiding from his machine because he knows only ignoble causes are being served
According to the CIA the main beneficiary of the war is Osama bin Laden's recruitment drives
While America's military recruitment falters in US generals announced that the war has broken the reserves and national guard
Because of his lamic extremism baskets in an Iraqi war
General reader do you realize the danger of having a president so disconnected from reality that he plots to attack Iran
A country three times the size of Iraq when he lacks sufficient forces to occupy Baghdad and to protect the roads from the Baghdad to the airport
Despite all high profile sweeps of US forces through insurgent strongholds
US commanders report a doubling of insurgent attacks
The Bush administration is insane if the American people don't be
Capitated by demanding Bush's impeachment the Bush administration will bring about Armageddon
This may please some Christian evangelicals conned by rapture predictions
But W.W.W.
Three will please nobody else because they always make it fun like I said last week of the Muslims and the the seven virgins
And all of this other craft and mortar them all the baloney. Well, what's the difference between the fundamentalist Christians?
Headgear. Oh, so it is it's a better get yourself some new smashes man
People are starting to see three are they're both Middle Eastern religions started to develop a big ugly bald spot
Well speaking of Middle Eastern religions, you know right there in the heart and a hotbed of all this stuff in Jerusalem
And with the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims all I can say that is oh
Cox a hoist cut the crap pick your poison pick your superstition pick your
Mumbu jumbo and then you got those who are the ones that flagged away themselves with a change isn't that the in the far east
They do that and the Catholics do it in South America. Oh, that's right
They flagulate themselves with a change. They're flagulating right now and then and this is religion man
Focus, how can any of you people be so ignorant so stupid don't you have a brain? Oh, that's right. You listen to Q a
Mar forgot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line
Come on Jim Sarni. Where's the results of that pull the way after wait for Friday?
So you can dummy it up a little bit doctor it up and put some like whipped cream in a cherry on it to try to like make it a little bit more appetizing
Is that what you're gonna do Sarni you lump
Yeah, I there are people I refer to as a lump you know, I mean by a lump. Yeah, I know you mean yeah, just a big or a lump
Wt. Q. I. M. Hello. All lump radio
Yes, yeah
What do you got Pally?
Yeah, I know somebody Q. I. M. Hello
Yes, sir. I had a question. I guess I've been in the mac in the last few weeks. What happened with the whole car road thing?
What's what car road thing?
Yeah
More car road thing you know me Valerie claim when up here. Yeah, there we go. There we go. I don't know nothing about that
I like so off the face of the air though. That's right. Yeah, go ahead and important things
You know like the space shuttle and um the the runaway bride and then we got that missing chicken aruba
We got important stuff going on. Yeah, that sounds good chicken aruba. Oh three and a half more years of misery
We're gonna tell you good luck to you Pally. I'll see you at the border. Thank you, sir
See you around a I don't know the sun or shine. Here. It's very pleasant. It's like upper 70s lower 80s
Here, sir. Well, that's good. I'm happy for you. Please and only we don't have
Jeb Bushes or yeah, we got low humidity. It's real real. Yeah, we had some hot hot spell
But now things are lovely by the way speaking of Gaza speaking of those far-bison on both sides crazy people
I'm not gonna leave my house. I'm gonna tear it down. I'm gonna burn it down this mission nor Arabs living my house. I see
Huh sounds like they're really getting their act together and of course keep it mine
These are the extremists like I'm always telling you about the Israeli
I just I have a real problem with that whole thing
I have to give you a little bit of credit not too much a little bit of credit for because I thought I was being fairly objective about this like
Three four years ago and then I realized that my Jewish brainwashing even though it didn't hold on a religious grounds
I'm not the grounds that had like I looked with a jaundiced a junest eye we all did and then I realized that
You know they've had 38 years of occupying this territory. What how are they doing there? Okay? What are you doing there?
See just just by king it's an excuse to justify. Oh you see how they're reacting with a suicide bomb
We're crazy. So they're crazy too. I see well. You're all crazy. Anybody who wants to live there's got to be crazy
Oh, no, we're gonna go to a couple of some we're gonna then we're gonna kosher the house
Time to get it on
She's way
Yeah
Okay
It's just me, holding craft me.
And she rags for her ex-sacces, she controls me.
And she's pampered so I may go out of the desk and watch no more.
What's like she's carrying a boll and wool between her thighs and thighs.
Welcome.
Funny, delicate, and beautiful.
And it seems always nice to me.
She's wiggling when she's hot.
But her voice has funny, delicate eyes.
We gave a short voice and checked voice.
Not just that, she's feeling wild and flashed.
She'll be wrenching back and smells just like the magic storm.
It's not a big cat.
What a voice, we've never seen before.
Not even on a bad day with funny, delicate eyes.
What a dumb patrachee from Iraq.
Remember he used to be on a Joe Joni in Patrachee?
Oh no, Tony loves Patrachee.
It's 11.33 at 5.60 W.W.A.M.
A pickup truck tore through rows of white crosses last night near President Bush's ranch,
where Cindy Sheen has been protesting to wear an Iraq.
The crosses stretched along the road at the Crawford, Texas camp.
Bore the names of fallen U.S. soldiers, nobody was heard.
And again, except the soldiers who were all dead.
Meanwhile, court documents revealed that Sheen's husband has found for divorce in California.
The couple were high school sweethearts, but Cindy says they separated because of the stress caused by the son's death.
And the public is like, who would look at that?
What's the next reality show?
I'm only going to give one to the Gadi show.
They're growing up Gadi.
Yes, growing up Gadi.
I saw about four seconds of that last night.
You know what I'm serving?
Why does an outstanding network like A&E put a pile of crap on like that?
Can you answer that?
And they think it'll make some money.
Oh my God, are you kidding me?
Well, let's see.
I was watching on biography.
What a great channel.
Is that a biography?
I don't know.
I better not ask about that.
Not only can't we say anything in terms of language, but we can't say anything because we might offend some sponsor out there,
or somebody who might someday be a sponsor, or somebody who either is in business now, or was in business.
If I said that once upon a time, I got real bad gas eating at the famous 100 years ago, even though the restaurant was great.
I got real bad gas.
Oh, gee, they might come back someday.
You better watch it, you know.
We are your worst station.
Make no mistake about it.
We are your worst station for the New Millennium.
When in doubt, we always was out.
Just like that thing with the poll.
The first, the earlier poll they took in a sense, I don't remember that.
Oh, do you think about it?
Yes.
You know about your favorite sports talk station and your personalities and your audience.
How come they didn't put any midday people on there?
They always pretend that I don't exist, see?
We got these big, gigantic numbers and kick everybody's ass, including Rush.
In fact, speaking of Rush, I was just watching Darren Kagan on there momentarily,
moments ago on CNN, they certainly didn't use that word.
Better you than me.
And I just can't, every time I see her, I can't stop thinking about the fact that he is ruling around on top of it.
Oh, she is just, oh, talk about on clean, oh.
There she is.
It is segregated.
Oh, you and Rush are doing it.
You're like actually naked in the same place.
Oh, she's too thin.
And then the disgusting thought.
Oh, she's kind of attractive.
She's not bad.
But I know I looked at her now with four John-dust eyes every time I see her,
with Marty Feldman eyes.
He's a whore.
Oh, that's bad.
But now that you mention it.
Now, let's see, that's his third wife already, the apias hypocritical pill-poppin Rush.
That's always putting fingers at everybody else and about your perverts and degenerates.
That's his third wife.
Well, at least he doesn't have sex out of wedlock.
You're right.
Right.
Martin and Fort Myers says, thank you for the great job you're doing.
I love your website and its content.
I usually spend about an hour if you did read most of those stories.
Thanks for the effort on that.
If you enjoy it, Martin, because all our audience most of them want to see our naked pictures.
They want to see ass.
They want to see boobies.
They want to see privates.
And they want to see ass.
Absolutely.
That's all they care about.
90% and 98% of the audience in America, that's all they give a crap about, is just because they're desperate.
I have no life.
It says, unfortunately, most of the listeners don't have that much time to read.
Or they're just too illiterate for them.
I'd like to recommend a great site called chomskytorrent.org.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure they're going to check that out, Martin, where they can download hundreds of politically very disturbing movies and documents.
Right.
I mean, judging from the fact that we had so many people watching the world according to Bush, which is still on our website for you to peruse, not to mention the other good stuff like all the other good ones.
Among others, you can find there the power of nightmares is an excellent quality.
Well, there you go.
That's on our website.
You don't have to go to chomskytorrent.org to find the power of nightmares.
It may not be the greatest quality.
You know, they won't watch it anyway, Martin.
Hope that you'll help to educate the rest of the nation.
I hope that will.
Whatever you say, Martin.
Your intentions are good, Martin, but you're naive.
Okay, you're farting into a wind storm.
You're just making a lot of noise and enjoying the sound of it yourself.
But unfortunately, like I said, good intentions.
You know what happens to those?
They go to hell on a hand casket, right?
Right.
Is really security forces clashed?
Yes, sir.
We hundreds of opponents of Israel's withdrawal from the Gaza Strip today arresting dozens of people
and the roughest confrontation between troops and settlers since the start of the operation
they were actually throwing stale halavod each other.
How do you like that?
They were throwing stale maca balls as weapons.
The confrontation came hours ahead of a midnight deadline for all of you as settlers
to leave the Gaza Strip voluntarily or face forcible removal.
Officials said they were hopeful many settlers would leave the area before the deadline,
but also we should a stern, a Howard Stern warning of tough action against anyone who resists.
We will make every effort the army and the police to have law and order in this process
and anyone who acts illegally be treated according to law and defense minister Sha'ul Mofas told a news conference.
Hey, Sha'ul, I wonder if he's kin to Ra'ul.
Probably is, what do you think?
It's close to it.
He said he expected at least half of Gaza's 8500 residents to be out by midnight.
They could move to Brooklyn, nobody would even know they were there.
They could shift them all off to Brooklyn, right?
Right.
The army said security forces detained 50 Israelis for clashing with police and soldiers attempting to help Gaza settlers leave.
When a doubt gets a hell out, it could rock in back and forth.
You're making me nervous. I'm getting vertigo just watching it.
They're dominating way.
But we're going to have to be parable for it.
And the Muslims, they're throwing themselves on a carpet and they're rocking back and forth.
It's a rock and roll religion, baby.
That's what it's all about. They're all rockin' it over there.
Man, let me say it again.
Too bad we don't have more people on here in America talking about this and all around the world.
The religious people are the crazy people.
It's just a matter of degree.
Because generally speaking people are incredibly weak.
They're like sheep. They want to be led by the nose.
They want to be given some big strong and a dance.
My song of dance is better than your song of dance.
And you're going to burn in hell and you're going to rot.
Or you're going to go to heaven. You're going to get the seven virgins.
You're going to be up there with all the other glam.
The Jews are going to rot in all this other crap.
All this ugly and nasty and the bottom livid all is hate and evil.
And that's what it's all about.
Beside the money part, of course. That's the main thing.
So how's Roberto, what's his name doing?
The one who wants to.
Who?
Roberto Baggio.
21 before the New York.
I thought he was a soccer player and turned to find out he was a Vatican banker.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.2.8.
Thank you, man. Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you?
Take your shirt.
els.
Jesus, why have you done a cross?
I'm dying out of the hand.
It's 11.45, 15 balloon at here.
He's in the station, W2A, and thank God for us, man.
Thank you.
God.
I'll tell you that right now.
Uh-huh.
I want to bend over fire.
Like Ron Jeremy and double- Quandion.
And I've been over and kissed by Nikki.
Although I see Ron Jeremy.
He's not up to my speed.
I got 19 votes.
I'm going to pull this one.
You got 17 greys.
And you're a little idiot.
You've fat tuba hairy crap. He's got more hair on his back than most guys have on her head. Yeah, just ask Moe.
He'll clearly I beg your pardon including him. Especially now that I got my balls fun
Oh, I got this thing shaved so short and my hair too. It is so comfortable. Iraq MP Lee
Iraq. Yeah, let me try it again. Iraqi MP defends Lucifer. Sam Tung Tad has a story so amazing defending Lucifer
The devil looked in on Iraq's parliament last Wednesday when a member of parliament
operated Prime Minister Abraham Jeffari for speaking ill of Lucifer. I remember that show I love Lucifer. My favorite.
Cameron Karisayi, they Kurdish MP and a member of the Manority Yazidi community that worship the
peacock angel. Oh, yeah, that's my favorite angel is the peacock angel. They only watch us on NBC.
Also known as Lucifer angrily interrupted the Prime Minister during a parliamentary debate.
My Prime Minister and my ministers, my speaking out might seem strange to you but we feel insulted
When you repeatedly use the expression your speeches and statements
God protects us from the devil each time the word is pronounced my colleagues turn toward me as if I were a representative of the devil
When's New Jersey going to make them change the name of the hockey team Josh just like in Tampa the devil raise
Oh my god, remember that thing to miss they head over there. Are they gonna have to mess with the the Indian teams and hockey?
Such as I don't know you tell me
Yazidi's followed a pre-Islamic religion which some believe was founded in the 12th century by Shikyuday bin
Musphial al-Mawi. Oh, he was my favorite
Shikyuday was he really like to be better than the Shikyuday of arabi although many scholars praised its origins to these
Erasper religion of Asian Persia
Shikyuday was born in Damascus was died in the town of La Lisi in northern Iraq where his children become the Yazidis
Holy Ashrine. Oh man watch out for those Yazidis the community was still largely based in the foothills north of Iraq
It is just so ridiculous. It's so pathetic the community was still largely based in the foothills north of Iraq's main northern city of Mosul
And in the Sinjar mountains on the border with Syria watch out for those naked Syrians the women look like guys
But followers of the faith could be found throughout the Kurdish diaspora neighboring Syria and Turkey as well as the former
Soviet republics of Caucasus or in Germany and Britain
Syrians say there are 600,000 to 700,000 Kurdish Yazidis and they feel insulted whenever used that phrase and we call on those in position of authority to take a counter
There's another was cut the crap lucifer my ass the Yazidis did not believe in heavitor held in our regards Satan is evil in fact
They worshiped him but dare not say his name. Oh, no the love that dare not say its name. You know him saying gay. Oh
Three of Iraq's 275 MPs belonging to the sects his members did not marry outside the faith
There were also two Yazidis in the 111st-Seat regional Kurdish parliament and the course those Kurds want to have their way
Defaris is he meant no harm in using the expression common among Muslims
He said when we use this expression
It's not to insult you in a provoking minority
Even if religions are different all agree on the need to respect one another
No, we don't especially in this form our respect of other brothers is essential
But one must also respect the majority and the majority is Muslim a
Okay, so take your Yazidi and take your Satan and stick away to Mundo shine
Take your pitchfork and stick in right don't write all under that schmata you're wearing
I will say this the Iraqis are better dresses than the Saudis. Well, yeah, because they're mostly you know moderate
Well, let me ask you this now the the Saudis do all of the Saudi citizens where they're just is that just the royal family the princes the
The royal family just wears fancier
dresses while I like that ring around the forehead the those black
What do they call that now that's the whole the schmata in place right? That's right
Man you don't want to round the forehead you don't want it to blow off
Governor linked to a alleged girlfriend cover up poor Arnold man his approval rating is now down to 34%
Well, you know something the people of California deserve what they got in California you deserve him okay
We got you have pushed that's bad enough and the people of Florida deserve that
Anybody foolish enough to put that lying piece of crap in here again who helped with Catherine Harris to fix the 2000 election
And they be rewarded by reelected. Oh, we like jay. We like governor jay
Man must be that the great family. He's got that it
Those show those perverts to Clintons a thing or two or three governor shorths nager now faces allegations that hush money was paid to a woman to keep quiet about an affair
The two had years ago in the last few weeks
It's been a difficult time for the governor had to drop a multi-million dollar deal with muscle magazines after the public found out about them
It's now been alleged that the same publisher paid off woman to keep quiet about her relationship with shorths nager
It was the national inquire that first reported that shorths nager had a long-running extramarital affair with the young actress named
Gigi goi yet who I'm sure is no relation to Phil goi yet who used to play hockey for the Montreal convenience
But by the way speaking of Roberto Calvi
I was just thinking most of the people in America wouldn't know about Roberto Calvi from Nick Salvi who used to drive a pompino park and had a horse called the
Consolieri I wish you didn't know that did not
Two years later the inquirers published a negotiate in a multi-million dollar deal with shorths nager to make him an editor of muscle magazines
In fact the consolieri was in the race when niatross raced at pompino park
That's when the publisher also made a payoff to Gigi goi yet according to a report in the LA Times
Right after he announced the national inquirer went to Gigi goi yet and paid her 20 grand for her story
Se shorths nager vibre for Lawrence Lemur who documented the goi yet affair in his new book called fantastic
Nothing has ever appeared so it looks like I may have been a bribe
During the campaigns worked nager was forced to deal with allegations of sexual transgressions
I have behaved badly sometimes shorths nager been a during his candidacy
It's true that I was on route remember that rowdy movie said what does that mean rowdy?
Well, you don't have very rowdy
Yeah, even Linda Blair members kept in rowdy and I've done things that were not right. I apologize
He said oh boy
That that's the catch-off for everything I apologize
That's it no matter what it is the alleged payment to Gigi goi yet came exactly two days after shorths nager
Announced this candidacy for governor at the same time was negotiating a deal with the publisher
Which would pay him a minimum of a million a year even after he was elected shorths nager terminated that business
He terminated it. What would you expect him to do?
But only after the public found out about it
When you do business with somebody you don't do negative things about them
Says lemur if he was going to be the executive editor of the muscle magazines
Then he expected that they wouldn't write negative things about his sex life
And that's exactly what happened exactly the news scandal comes at a time when shorths nagers trying to repair his image with the voters
It takes a notch down in his favorabilities for a surest of San Francisco political consultant Don Solum
I wonder if he's kind of down for in Chesco
It's bound to affect his favorability and it's bound to take it down
The recent scandal is taking a toll on the governor politically six months ago. He's approval rating
It was at 65% the figure has been cut about in half a bad sign for a governor who's trying to convince voters to support his
Initiatives in the special election the governor's office had no comment for CBS five in California
How do you like that?
Lier piece of crap and his wife don't have any chin, but she sure plays a mean chin ball
How's that pull come we're gonna make 400 hosts say or what what do you think oh yeah sure got 398
See if we we got a bunch of naked pictures of Britney Spears doing it with a moose today
How do you like that just on i just go to nearodgers.com. I think she calls him Kevin. Yeah. Oh god talk about
Well if I were her I tell him to Van Moose
I'll tell you that he is grotesque
But they may be like if the same maybe we would lie a little bit
Maybe there's something there don't meet the eye and he smells too does he really that's what ex-girlfriends have said oh
Geez you know who else used to smell real bad was James Dean that's right I heard they said they he was a terrifying
Of holding a bar of soap because you know I had this habit of dropping it all the time he wouldn't but Natalie would oh
Well if you wouldn't use so much tide
Let's see who's the all-time obvious male celebrity movies TV radio whoever
Marty Feldman 102 he's got those Barbara Bush eyes
Hank Goldberg 55 poor Humperman maybe if he lose an answer to like yeah maybe a hundred
Saw Hank. I'll say it again on the Arlington Million Race on oh and it was a curin Fallon what Emma European jockeys are sure great
You know it Frankie the Torey curin Fallon
Well, you know about it, huh
Marty Feldman 102 Hank Goldberg 56 Moe Howard David at 34. Yeah, but you haven't seen him since he got his a new do
Lyle I love at 31 near Rogers 21. I'm tied with Carl Maldon 21
Uh, Ron Jeremy 19. He's right on our ass sliced the low 19 oh when Wilson 15 he started to jump a little bit
He ain't no big Wilson. Oh, I had another one for here that should be on air is for good to put a belt
Legosi and as Boris Carl for really without oh yeah, well, yeah, really really ugly
Like a mountain range man. It had like peaks and valleys and wow hills and haulers. Yeah, let's get him on air
James Woods is tied with Owen Wilson 15
Chuck Bronson 12 WC Field 8 Edward James almost human
He's annoying. He's got six Phil Henry's got six also annoying. Don I'm his five Jack Edelman five Peter Laurie five Steve Bush
He was only got four. How do you like that? How do my dear fallen Richard Boone for Paladin have gun will travel
Gene Wilder three red skeleton three Wayne Heisen is got a pair
They hate you like poison Wayne. I wish you would die. I look at death and by the way, how's your gay son
Don King to Bella Legosi's got a pair F. Marie Abraham and William DeFos. Yeah, I feel so bad now that we got 400 votes
We got a shot at 600 day if we don't get 600 votes today worth throwing in a towel
We're gonna start playing Russian Miserca's tend to two tomorrow. How do you like that? All right? The music you get up get it ready or maybe we'll just play old jingles
Is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
8.m
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
We don't don't don't
Are you sure?
But
He is just
But he looks great in a row
The Democrats don't think he's just John Roberts
He won't pass their list. Miss John Roberts
John Roberts
The right wing like his police
The left wing will give him grief
Time to look inside the crease of John Roberts
If you think this will get meant to be
Just you wait to rent with size
John Roberts
He is pushing on
The John Roberts
Oh, it's clear that John Roberts I got a story a little bit
Roberts wrote in 1985 that memorial for fetuses was a good way to draw attention to the abortion tragedy
I just mentioned that in passing. Here's a really good one for the poor somebody facts then John Madden and you are
I have no life. Absolutely correct. I like that John Madden. He is really gruesome
I've mentioned fat
See one thing about some fat people
Now like me, I don't have a fat face. My fat is all from like my nipples to my thing
Yeah, see what I'm saying that thing there that thing
But some fat people got like like fat jowls like Hank has got a fat face, right?
And like John Madden his face is like you could slap it on Mount Rushmore
We just as big as the statue there. Oh, and I keep speaking about Rushmore
He's forgetting to buy you north by northwest. Oh, I forgot all about it. You carry grant and what's your name?
What is your name and James Mason is in it. That's about to come on cable these days and what is your name?
Even Marie Saint. Oh, okay. I mentioned there are 10 people I remember even Marie Saint
She was in on the waterfront with Carl Maldon and Marlon Brando. I think Jay Cobb
I remember even Marie Saint
Beautiful blonde, but anyway, so here's some good news swap shop emergency hearing canceled. Hey press in hand
Yeah
Everybody call off Preston and say
He'll understand he'll probably relate to you probably answer
Like that and attorney for the Hanover family circus this morning canceled a request for an emergency hearing against
Swap shop owner Preston hand
David Berkerson said he pulled the injunction request which was said to be heard by a browser judge this Thursday
Because the Hanoverids have moved off the Swap shop property on west sunrise blow of our near Ford Lauderdale
The emergency requested asked the judge to keep him away from the Hanoverids as they try try to leave the Swap shop keep him away from us
He's like that
Hand order the circus off his land last week. See that's what happens when you hang around with Nick Navarro too much
Nick Navarro eventually lose your mind
Hand order the circus off his land last week citing contract and insurance disputes before the Hanoverids left
Hand Swap shop employees put mechanical boots on the circus vehicles and shut off power to the circus
Oh, it's kind of like Q.A. And it's a circus
Berkerson also filed a breach of contract lawsuit against him last week alleging that he owes the Hanoverids
thousands of dollars hand and his attorneys have 20 days to respawn that I'd complaint Berkerson said
I like that that Preston and his hand man
At the Swap shop and we like them a lot because they might come back to former sponsor of our disease
Do a remote appearances there and smell the elephant droppings and the sawdust all co-mingling
Man, it was just a beautiful thing
Hmm right in the middle of lunch hour. Okay. We got some Julio stuff about time
We need to have a lot more Julio stuff on the show. Well first we had that the plane crash in Venezuela
I don't think we have too many panatholines listening couple to your four maybe
Outed a majority of Hispanics born in the US don't think illegal Latino migrants should be given drivers licenses according to a brand new pool
I guess they didn't take that pool and date county though
No, that's no most foreign born Hispanics disagree according to polling for the pure Hispanic center foreign
Right, so you want to think about ethnics, you know, and I'm not talking about Hispanics necessarily but like
Certain ethnic groups like like people from India
Oh, which we have an enormous number here in Canada and like if they were born if they're like born in Canada
Mm-hmm as opposed to born in India generally speaking they tend to smell better. Okay. Well, I've checked it on all right
6 and 10 Hispanics born in this country and the same with Chinese now and there are some Chinese people born in China
We've got a very I don't know how to describe that funky smell. Do you know I'm talking about I've never smelled the Chinese oh geez
Chinese but like Chinese Canadians they smell really good like maple syrup mm-hmm
6 and 10 Hispanics born in this country approve of measures to prohibit illegal immigrants from getting drivers licenses right while 2 thirds born
What was that oh sorry? What what was that was it? Yeah, what was it? It was an outburst. I said that's right
No, no, it's not that was the brakes on some truck right outside. We're right out of the street out there
Wasn't you?
Any well two thirds of Hispanics born in another country disapprove of such measures the difference between foreign born in
Hispanics and native born Hispanics on the drivers license issue highlights the disparity between the two groups on several issues
Foreign born Hispanics take a more positive view than native born Hispanics and whether immigrants strengthen the USA
Almost 9 and 10 foreign born Hispanics say immigrants strengthen the country while two thirds of Hispanics born in the US feel that way
Corn of the pool so 90% if they're like foreign born and only two thirds if they were born in the USA because they're under their
Old
Among Latinos in the US there's a much
well, what was that?
What was that for?
Stand aside like one of those stupid sports shows now where they drop in those in-ean things at the most inappropriate times
stupid sports shows
Two thirds of Hispanics in the US and undocumented migrants helped the economy by providing a low-cost labor
Again foreign born Hispanics were more upbeat about the impact of undocumented migrants than those born in the USA
Most Hispanics feel the number of immigrants coming into the country should stay the same or be reduced
With only a third say the numbers should increase coin to a pull-down for pew another pull-down for time magazine
Three fourths in a time pull a five hundred three Hispanic adults said people in the US illegally are taking jobs that
US citizens don't want the time pole was taken from July 28th to August 3th
Well, we got that really ferricon story on there too. I don't think I had printed that out
It's on our website today he agrees with that that they're taking jobs that blacks even blacks don't want
Most Hispanics feel the number of immigrants that see three fourths of a time pull where I just got through in it
The pew study also looked at how Mexicans feel about trying to get in the US almost half of Mexicans or 46% surveyed in May
Said they would go to the US if they could while who that would want to live in Mexico
About a two and five said they'd be inclined to go live and work in the US without authorization
The desire to migrate is not a phenomenon of the poor and poorly educated
Zero said the inclination to migrate is powerful in the middle class in Mexico
Even those with college education they would say the bill. I would go to the rest of the good
It reminds me of that scene in the godfather too, which I just told you I saw parts of I could mark the whole thing
Where but he's the announces that his position is no longer tentable right and he's getting his hall and ass
You know and everybody else gets up before even gets finished talking and they're all hall and ass
Yeah
Fredo come with me Fredo you'll be safe Fredo anyway out tonight
And then of course key lost the baby. Well
It wasn't a portion my portion Michael it was a boy
Yeah, that was great
And then you can just see the blood boiling in his eyes man just the forming of them all
Also speaking of Julios
Alberto Gonzalez George Lopez and surprised Jennifer Lopez
Our among time magazines 25 most influential Hispanics in America
Gonzalez the nation's first Hispanic attorney general was born in San Antonio, the Mexican immigrants who worked as migrant workers
When he was young he could be nominated for a position on the Supreme Court before president Bush's chairman's god forbid
The magazine notes in its August 22 edition that the former Texas Supreme Court justice has helped
Build a more muscular executive branch
Yeah, I think fascist is the word you're looking for kind of like Abu Garret that mentality there right another listmaker may have capital hill motivations
New Mexico governor Bill Richardson is widely seen as a future presidential contender
Time rights his name recognition may be low
In fact more people know Bobby Richardson than Bill Richardson
But his resume is impressive
Impressive seven terms in the US house and faster than you went secretary of energy under Bill Clinton
And last year first Hispanic chairman of a national democratic convention time reports that funny man George Lopez
Who's George Lopez show has had a solid run since its debut in 2002 is one of only three Latinos who played lead roles in hit
Network sitcom starring Latinos
But who would be the other ones?
Rickia Riga Desiarnes
Okay, Chico with Chico in a man now what about that fruit cake on that 70 show?
We don't know what he is. Oh, I know what he is gay
JLo is a no-brainer from list of magazines says embodying the American dream of success through hard work ambition
No talent a big fat ass and the worst movies ever made after a summer hi-ek also made the summer hi-ek is a huliet
She's Mexican. Oh, no time rights. He plays the show bus game like a true scrimmage here dodging scrambling and tackling much bigger obstacles
Among the top 25 time Hispanics or Cuban Irish writer at least a bell does or Rodriguez
Never trust anybody who's name engine Z right
Cuban American Senator Mel Martinez see and Mexican American filmmaker Roberto Rodriguez
The head is
5 6 7. How's Orlando doing anybody seeing him?
He even played the court one all the time now because Orlando he shined us
Yeah, one thing about Orlando. He got married long before this whole game merged thing got going, you know, did he pretty proud of him for that
5 6 7 see there's no calls on here because in about 30 seconds
You know, as soon as I give the numbers out or maybe not I don't really care
Because when we're doing these only these two show a week this summer schedule
I always have myself a big pile remember I was you heard me forming my pile this morning. Yes, I think before the show
Yeah, always a good idea when you sit down here to have a huge pile because if you count on the audience out there
They're busy, you know, they're busy diving mosquitoes and
Looking on a weather map to see if there's any hurricanes coming trying to breathe
They're waiting to see if the South Florida's ever going to have another NFL football team
See we shouldn't be one of those promos saying we're the dolphin station like because quite frankly
We should be proud to say hey, we are no longer the dolphin station and pretty pleased about it and you ought to be too
And by the way Jimmy you're fairy w-q-a-m. Hello
Never did get that final up hole from Jim Sarni. I'm sure he's probably gonna fix it over any minutes
w-q-a-m. Hello, hey, the hell yes, sir. Hey, man. How about Elvis?
Frankly, he was a dirty racist and I hope he rot in hell forever. Yeah, yeah, he was real ugly
Ah
Come any q-a-m. Hello
Hey, although we didn't sleep with mommy until it's 40. What is it?
Fred Gwynn. I mean I mean
Fred Gwynn, he was really right. He was even not really then John Kerry right all of he ran better
Fred Gwynn for the early guy. He's dead, isn't he? Yeah, yeah
In fact, I saw thing on the biography they had to show about you know every now and then they'll do like a program on a show
It's supposed to just one person like they did the Brady bunch
Yeah, and they did the thing on uh, I don't think they ever mentioned about what's his name grandpa al Lewis? What about him that he's not right?
He's so he's so out, you know, he was on with Howard all those eight million times and was I'm gonna
Yeah, al Lewis grandpa
In fact, he was even worse than the grandpa on my three sons now. Let's see
And Fred
William Frawley he was the second one. Wasn't he correct? First one second Uncle Charlie
I mean he was also on I love loosely William Frawley. He played Fred Mertz
But who was the first Uncle Charlie on my three sons? I'll get out to look it up
And what's his name was doing Ferra Fossey supposedly the one
I like from that show what that was his name Rob. I don't know. Come on. You can do it. You know his name Don Grady
There you go from the Grady bunch
Why should I like to see that Grady bunch?
1213 at 560 wnaq a m for years
I've been telling you about drug concepts the best carpet cleaning company
Romperch. Did you know the drug concepts can also save you hundreds maybe even thousands of dollars by doing other things for you
Drug concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning of poultry and leather furniture restoration
Macriose cleaning oriental rug cleaning pet odor treatments water damage to
Rod concepts can also clean and restore your tile and grout quickly and efficiently
Drug concepts professional stuff always looking for new things to help you with
Keep everything looking brand new during the month of august take advantage of their summer scissor number two package and water damage special
Drug concepts from carpet cleaning to tile and grout cleaning. It's the only place to call they do it all for you
And they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job
No rip off snowscams. That's why I've used him for over 20 years in my homes
You ought to be doing the same in daybrowden in Palm Beach is called them tool free
1 800 248
5071. That's 1 800 248 5071 or on the wicked web. It's dry concepts.com
This is new Roger
This is by
If you see a pantry dish nothing alive. There's a pretty good chance there
Yeah
Don't tell
I got me a tumor with as big as a whale and they say that they can fix it with some stem cells
Right now I'm lightheaded. I feel kind of funny. So hurry up and get that funding money
Super little
That
Yeah
All
There
No one to make a wish
Turning to a liver
Turning to a heart of hell
Turning to a kidney
Do it all with stem and cell
Oh it's stem and cell
It's a clever little bell that
We cast part of it forever
Stem cells, baby
The stem cells are where it has us
Placing and adducing
I can't act away from it
Save them and your freezer
You can be an old geezer
My illness is tragic
But stem cells are magic
So everybody pass them around
And around and around
And around and around
And stem cells, baby stem cells
You fed us governorses
Always choose life
Choose life like Terry Anders
You're right
As opposed to all those people innocent people dying over in Iraq
But then again it was worth it
They should have attacked us
You made a bad mistake about that
You should not know your my three sons stuff
What?
Because somebody faccess the cast
And the dates they were on the show
And you were absolutely
Incorrector
What him probably was
Bub, he was Gramps
1960 to 65
And then he had the nerve to croak
I printed that up by the way
So you're like showing up your own mistake
Well you corrected your bad, bad error
My bad, what do I know about that chef
Evidently something to me
You know the name is a lot of people on it
Fred McMurray
From the T9 mutiny
William Demarest was Uncle Charlie
From the 65 to the 72 after
William Crawley
Fred Mertz or Fred and Ethel Mertz Faman
I love loosely
You went to the big sitcom in the sky
He's dead, he's riding in a box
Just like what's your name?
Just like what's your name?
Sister Ron Passions
I can't even think of her name now
That idiot
What you watch that show?
Oh yeah, what's her name?
Very Livingston Stanley Livingston now
Were they like related chip and Ernie?
They were both very ugly
And Tim Constan was even uglier
And the character he planned was Mike Douglas
Oh my god
Ever to Mike Douglas show? I sure hope not
Nope
Oh, I speak of that, I gotta go in with my panel and fight you won't believe this
I actually believe it because he already saw
I put it on our website if he read it
He may not even just slap it on there
Oh, it's some of the worst news ever if it's true
It may not be true, it may just be a
Switchful thinking
Oh, the story about Dick Clark, can you see that?
No, I didn't
Oh good, no wonder you sound like you're gonna hear this
Dick Clark, now guess who's gonna co-host
The 34th edition of Dick Clark's New Year's Rock and Eve
Live from New York Times Square December 31st of the
Lids Ryan Seacrest
Oh, oh
Two good reasons not to watch
Clark 75 has been recovering at his Malibu home from a December 6th stroke
He's doing really well
Card Publis's Paul Schreffer and said Monday
He's walking, he's talking
He's living a fairly normal life
Every now and then he has like a wild bomb movement
Wow, the long time host of American bandstand
Hasn't appeared on TV or done interviews since his stroke
And according to the inquire, he was like a vegetable, like a cucumber, like a rutabaga
Last year, daytime talk host Regis Filben stood in while Clark watched him as hospital
But you know, I like Regis but you know, I'm talking about over-exposed
I mean, enough already Regis, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's like he's everywhere
Pretty soon he'll be like the next Burke Parks
He just wants to find tuna before he sticks his head out, it makes his return to TV
Oh, he's like a turtle, he don't want to stick his head out yet
Said, Chef Rinders refused to discuss the impact of what he would own and describe as a minor stroke
But he inquire, said he had a second stroke and he was like a vegetable
Clark said in the statement, it'll be good to be back in New York again for new years
And I'm elated that Ryan has agreed to join me in ushering in the years
Seacrest, host of American Idol, in a real jackass, a real ice hole
And agreed to a multi-year deal with executive producer and joint clerk as co-host of the ABC special
I wouldn't time too far ahead, Ryan. Seacrest will eventually take over his host
Dick Clark is an American icon, I'm honored that he's interested in me with such a role in this national tradition, see Chris said
And that bad news
Wow, I don't believe it
Maybe they'll just wheel him up like a lump on a chair like they did with Kate Smith at one time
I don't want that crap
She was about to size your fist and they wheeled her on stage and in a wheelchair
And it was like a lump on a chair
Now why couldn't they let her just go out and then leave us the image of the fat, robust God was America
You know, like they played that thing in Philadelphia at the fliers games
Fliers, they Bobby Clark, you jackass
Here's a fact that says put any cap on your pool
He's kind of an ugly guy, he's got a face for radio
Look at that, he definitely has a face made for radio
Have you seen this picture on a Q&A website?
No, but I've seen him in person more than once, it is not a pretty picture
Also, can you please announce what are you going back to five days?
Much too soon on Monday, September 12th, not that I'm not that I have the mind, you know, in my mind, not that I'm counting the days
Going too fast, just zooming by
Busy, oh by the way, when I race with B Farber Dropping, the concert area was a second, and the betting interest in I Frost
Just in case my good friend Dick Feinberg was like, hey, Dick, how's our slots, Colin Baby?
Man, you see, one thing in Florida, they have nobody to blame themselves because they should know that they're going to get scammed by the government legislature
They should have put it there and they're in Braille, indelible writing, I mean, every detail, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm saying that they screwed up bad, and now you don't have your slots, you can't go there and lose all your money right now
Which is a shame, I bet you Josh would be there right now playing Wheeler Fortune
Yeah, come in on me, I bet you Carlos would be there up from out front, you know what he'd be playing?
Bye bye, aiming!
Sevens!
I think they named that game after her
You like garlic?
Yeah, people tend to love garlic or hate it, but few probably associate it with pain
I guess it all depends on where it's, you stick it, it burns
Nonetheless, it turns out that pain-sensing nerves respawn at the suffer-based chemicals in garlic
Indeed, the same mechanism the body uses to react to the sharpness of chili peppers and spicy cutiments like mustard
And wasabi is the one that detects all the cordial study in two states proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
A tibetoo illiteracy, where you at?
David Julius, oh I sure love his orange Julius, David Julius is the Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology
at the University of California San Francisco said the finding was made during research on the mechanisms of pain sensation
Julius discovered that when a subset of pain neurons in rats activates a cell membrane channel called TRPA1
The result is a release of brain chemicals that stimulate blood vessel, dilation and inflammation
Understanding how such nerves work, he said, can help researchers learn more about how arthritis and some muscular problems develop
Like your bad back.
You can use, in fact maybe just smear some garlic on it
Okay, but in use of natural products it's very interesting from a pharmacological probes of the pain pathways
Julius said whatever that means, Susan Traver is no relation to Mary Traver as a Peter Polen Mary of Ohio State University said
The most interesting, maybe she's a kid of Randy Traver but I hope not
Said the most interesting finding of the papers that the neurons that respond to garlic compounds are only a subset of those that respond to
Capacacin and hot peppers that high say that?
This type of specificity would give some basis for why people can't tell the compounds the parts of Traver's
Who is not part of Julius's research team
Garlic sometimes called the stinking rose or they pick it on Joe again
Garlic sometimes called the stinking rose, belongs to you ever heard of that?
Yeah, I never did.
Along to the group of plants called Alium which also includes onions, leeks, oh there's nothing like a good leak
Chives and shallots, remember Jean Shallot with the big gamostash?
All of them produce self-rebased compounds that make them pungent, one called Allison
I thought he sat with the leafs, activates the set of pain sensors and is especially prominent in garlic
In addition to its culinary properties, garlic has a long history of use in folk medicine
Having been used to treat such ailments as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, even blood clots
Even bumble, even blood clots
Capsacean, the chemical that gives out peppers, their heat is currently a major ingredient in the cream for our threat of suffer
It's one thing about Thai food, I like Thai food a lot
But every now and then you're eating Thai food and you'll see one of those real hot peppers like one of them red ones sitting in there
Yeah, I don't like Thai food much
Really?
Peanuts, a lot of peanuts
No, not a lot of dishes don't have peanuts, but almost all of them, no matter even if they're not real spicy
They have the little red, whatever those are
They have to like, shmure them off to the side
476 votes, we got a real shot at 600 if Joshua just putting his pedal to the metal here, just lean on it
Alright, I'm leaning on it, like Bill Wither said, lean on it
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516 QAS
Come Mr. DJ's up on the freeway
Mr. DJ's the traffic jam and I'll hold the torch on the highway
It's going nowhere
I'm Mr. DJ, won't you tell us what is up
Come Mr. DJ's the fun the freeway
Mr. DJ's the traffic jam and I'll hold the torch on the highway
It's going nowhere
I'm Mr. DJ, won't you tell us what is up
It's some third of bumper and wheel to wheel
The traffic green part so I can learn how to deal
Let's go, gotta know why we're going so slow
It's a parking lot and I can take it no more
Back up, back up, everything's back up
It's a crack, crack up when they're gonna clear up
I'm a shit I've taken on the roof
I'm a fool, I'm a fool, I'm gonna get the fool
When I'm new, say yeah
When it ever in the fool, say yeah
Well I'm ready for it, tell me about it
And I'm voice up, fool, tell me when we're gonna move
Come Mr. DJ's the fun the freeway
Mr. DJ's the traffic jam and I'll hold the torch on the highway
I ain't going nowhere
I'm Mr. DJ, won't you tell us what is up
It's a good machine mine, it's 1232 to 560 to WQI am
Here's Ed and four Lauderdale says
Speaking of the Murr v. Gryffindjo, who was ugly with an Archer, Arthor Treacher
And I never cared for his fast food joint anyway
They're out of business long since
Don't get all panicky over there
Who's that sales manager, what's his name or sales manager
I don't even know what his name is any Curtis
Arthor Treacher, you got it?
I don't think too many people remember him
And somebody says, where's Limbaugh Bob and four Lauderdale?
Hey Bob, I hate to break the news to you
But we hate worse like boys and girls
But he's not even, he's not in the same league with these other people
Like me, right?
Well, you're about to say?
No, I'm a lot older than he is in front of it
Non-descript, on the outside, not on the inside
Though I'm beautiful on the inside, I love those
It's like Shirley Tweeters and Tony Fields
Oh, fat is so beautiful
No, it's not, fat is grotesque
Just think of her, Ron Jeremy with all his clothes on
I've never seen it, you've already seen it
Oh, yeah, sorry to do that to the middle of a lunch hour
Lee Stalvesbury writes from a website called Visited and Voice
Fundamentalist Christianity, a dangerous force when it denies rational scientific thinking
Oh, this sounds like the kind of thing I'm going to read now
Good, he's founder of the Critical Thinking Club of Minnesota
And a former evangelical preacher
Former being the operative word
He's seen the light
In fact, maybe he even bought the flavor wave to look seven
Which I'm sure you guys are using like I am just about every day
Early day
Yeah, I mean, what's not to like, that thing is so great
Alan, what kind of light is it?
How would you?
How would you light? When I think it's not going to last forever, obviously
But when it burns out, I'll buy everybody a new one
No, not seriously, I just love that thing
Nothing is so great
He writes religious leaders hate rival sources of authority
18th century European enlightenment thinking
With its concept of rationalism and science
Provided religious authoritarianism with that rival
America's founding fathers, products of the enlightenment
Had the audacity to effectively say to Christianity
Worship while you want, but our constitution doesn't need your influence
Roman Catholic traditionalist and Protestant Christian Bible-based fundamentalist
Still seeded over this rejection
Then as now, Zalus Catholics and Protestants claim to speak for God
Versus enlightenment thinkers who boldly experiment with new ideas
Independent of Christian dogma
Today's clergy shudder if their members hear the Thomas Edison's of this world
His invention, catapulted American to prosperity
Explain as he did that religion is all bunk
The June 22nd International Hero Tribune carried an article by Peter Watson
Infettled the price of fundamentalism
It made highly pessimistic observations about nations under the influence of religious fundamentalism
And America's the present trends
Religious fundamentalism in Israel, the Roman Empire, China and the Islamic world
Had very destructive results
Israel BCE was consumed with religious zealotry and alienated itself from its surrounding Greek and Roman civilizations
Israel zeal for God got its reward in the 70s
The Romans annihilated Israel
The Roman Empire is unlikely to rise, came three centuries later
Edward Gibbon authored the decline of fall of the Roman Empire, laying his Romans falling apart on the ascendancy of Christianity
Buddhist fundamentalism in China resulted in centuries of chaos until the 9th century when the Song Renaissance restored the Chinese civilization
Islam's early success was spectacular
It produced many intellectuals and scientists until fundamentalism gained the upper hand in the late 11th century
leading to a millennium of backwardness which still afflicts the Islamic world
Christian fundamentalism has gained political ascendancy in America under President Bush
Science takes a vaccine to his right wing religious ideologues
In August 2003 the government reform committee in the US House assessed the treatment of science and scientists by the Bush administration
The report politics and science in the Bush administration found many instances where the administration manipulated a scientific process and disturbed or suppressed scientific findings
Former President George Herbert Walker Bush a decade earlier stated now more than ever on issues ranging from climate change to AIDS research
Government relies on the impartial perspective of science for guidance
The current Bush administration has skewed this impartial perspective generating unprecedented criticism from the scientific community and prominent Republicans who once lived federal agencies
In February the new scientists reported a survey in which fully half the science is working for the US Fish and Wildlife Service
So they've been pushed to change or withdraw scientific findings for political reasons
Fundamentalism's anti science attitude pervade society the science journal physical review reported in May 2004
That scientific papers published by West European authors exceeded those by US authors in 2003
In 1983 there were three American authors for everyone West European
The percentage of patents and I say patience whatever patents
The percentage of patents granted to American scientists has been falling since 1980 from 60.2% of the world's total to 51.8%
Falling faster than that number for Jimmy Cifalus and Joe Rose on the Sun Sentinel poll
In 1989 America trained the same number of science and engineering PhDs as Britain, Germany and France combined in 2004 the US is 5% behind
European scientists now lot number American scientists and citations awarded America is behind in cloning and stem cell research now led by South Korean Italian and British scientists
American fundamentalists seek to outlaw stem cell research on the arbitrary and totally improving premise that life begins a conception
A recent concept contrary to the teaching of St. Augustine and the allegedly infallible Roman papacy for some 1500 years
Fundamentalists use religious pretext against scientific and cultural objections religious sounding bumper sticker like rationality is usually sufficient to corralled the client followers
Fundamentalism dictates on issues are arbitrary and cleverly manipulated to appeal to the emotions of voters whether the issue was evolution, game mirage, stem cell research, abortion, euthanasia or the environment the strategy is the same
President Bush's recent endorsement of teaching intelligence design perpetuates the same denial of science ID proponents have never had an article on ID published in any peer reviewed scientific journal they don't conduct experiments they would prove or falsify their hypothesis
Their religious conjecture under the guise of science makes no useful predictions nor can they model it mathematically
There are no research labs doing intelligent design science because intelligence design is not science it's religion
Those who can't learn from history are doomed to repeat it is a profound quote by philosopher George Santiana we used to be fearful that communism might bring America down history and current trends show the fruit of Christian fundamentalism
It's a far more insurious enemy it's seducing its gullible adherence with idle threats and false promises religious fundamentalist objectives have never changed
They seek vindication for their rejection and want Americans of beacons under George Bush it looks like history is repeating itself
They'll gladly need our lead our nation down fundamentalism proven path of destruction all the name of their God which unfortunately is not
They'll God this is meal Rogers this is 516
Q a F
It's day if I am what can I say how do you like that?
Oh
Oh
Oh
Don't forget we got the mole my steer mole how are you David at tubeless afternoon?
I'm not a man dog and then Marlon's baseball San Diego Padres what's the reason for that franchise still being around what do you mean?
Although actually they had they were after a great start are they still in first place in the division?
Well, I mean they're division sucks so that's why I just don't understand what the San Diego Padres the San Diego Chargers they just that market just has no reason to have any sports franchise
I mean I know the Padres in 84 won the National League of Pennant because they beat the Cubs
Cubs blew it but other than that and one was last time the Padres had a good year not that long go right I mean they're pretty good you know no they're not they're just a
It's just a fan in the sports market like Carolina you know same thing Carolina Carolina panthers my ass Carolina hurricanes my ass
You know something have to use other people's nicknames next thing to be like the Carolina Seminole's not anymore well
I once FSU has to drop it thank God that Jeff Bush is involved in important issues like nicknames of college sports teams and Terry and her cute thank God at your fat ass
Governor's involved in that speaking of crooks like your fat ass governor Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff accused of federal fraud charges and a casino fleet purchase deal
The Sun Sentinel just reporting this is wanting to admit to an interview with foreign investigators trying to solve the ganglion
Stan Stammerder of the businessman who sold the boats his attorney Neil Sonnet oh God being his bonnet it's old Neil Sonnet
Do you know he used to have a talk show and W. Just news years ago no and he also was on channel six he was on like one of those point counterpoint kind of stupid ass shows
With Mike Thompson on the far right in him on the far left old red headed Neil Sonnet boy he's an ugly guy
The lawyer Neil Sonnet said after a brief scheduled hearing oh I got another one oh man that we left off the pool speaking of old time radio people
Stan Major he makes me look like Brad Pitt you're gonna put him on it or do it now do you know Stan do I know Stan
Right remember Stan was the one that takes credit for introducing us as it were really suggesting you to or me to you whatever it was
Yeah I work with Stan many many many oh my God and you know just exactly how grotesque he is he's like a gnome
The lawyer Neil Sonnet said after a brief scheduled hearing in federal court that Abraham off had expected to meet with four Lauderdale homicide
He took for sure after the February 2001 style slaying of Constantino's Gus Bullis the interview never happened Sonnet said now four Lauderdale
It's actually expressing new interest in talking with Abraham off if they want a few Mr. Abraham interview him I'd certainly be willing to set that up son
It said he's always willing to cooperate well how do you like that funny that should happen because I just got through saying
The life story of Louis Lepke and also Joe Velachi I love that when a biography channel has the
Bographies of the different like their goddy and all the different gangsters my attacks and they generally do it like side by each back to back I love that
Big Sandy Montana not before the show I told you about this story you said you've been there or you know where it is
Yeah I've been all right now you weren't in that place that I was what was the place of Montana
Loosen no see I can't believe I forgot already I always thought that's where you said you were no it's not even
Shelby Montana yeah been Shelby we're all the people I'd like purple here they all look like cartoon characters man they're all that
Modeled skin and like purple hair and oh from the flatland big Sandy Montana thousands of quarters quarter size
Toads on you a people I love that movie Magnolia each your hearts even though George hates it thousands of
Quarter size toads have invaded this north central Montana farming community causing slippery streets and raising the entrepreneurial
Spirits of some peoples the toads started showing up in the southeast portion of town in the past couple of weeks I have no idea how many
Thousands of toads are in town said Charlie Fussar at times you just about can't take a step I've been toad Karen
Jasperson said some lawns in town are filled with so many toads it looks like the grass is moving they're pretty cute
She said yeah breezy well I hope that they're cute because I'm talking to those boofo toads now
They if they could be in movies TV or they be on our pool because you talk about an ugly creature the boofo toad man are they nasty looking
Thanks breezy if you ever seen a boofo toe yeah there are breezy bomb garden who works at the grocery store on
Main Street in big sandy said driving in town is a little sticky because the roads are filled with tiny smashed toads poor little toads
I have nowhere to go some are collecting the loads with the toads with plant the loads of toads with plants to sell them to pet stores others talking about trying the modest fish bait
Larry office chief of the volunteer fire department said the toads seem to be migrating from east to west and believes they'll soon be on their way
It was just two years ago the town streets were blocked by ten foot drift of tumbleweeds firefighters had to hold the tumbleweeds way and burn them
The tumbleweeds were a hazard of said the toads are just a nuisance
Well, maybe the lord is maybe they're going well maybe the lord is p.o. to the people in big sandy Montana
Don't ask why because he works in mysterious ways the lord w.m. Hello
How's it going sir how you doing great I got a name for your phone okay I'm on the corner's board night
Yeah, he was grotesque and he's dead by the way okay thanks a lot pali
Borg nine man he was gruesome mchels maybe yes he was he was gross w.m. Hello
Yeah, I'm waiting to speak to me speaking
Yeah, how are you listen I was listening to you showing the only thing I think you missed here in his ugly poll is
How ghostly this case ugly from head to toe yeah, he was in movies we can't say what time but he was in movies
Probably he was in movies and boy he's enough to make you nauseous that's why do I appreciate you should have you stick him on there okay well
Stick him hey, yeah, they stuck you now. I just had another one on oh buddy Epson aren't me Jolens gets his man yeah he was really ugly
Me just dying out that long ago what Epson anti Griffith all these a lot of people dying now
Roberts wrote in 1985 that memorial for a feebuses was a good way to draw attention to the
The tragedy of a Bosch and what was that guys name it was I need to press bill dillman role he was not there all
At long Lawrence Spivec with the first host of that show and now that pasty faced Buffalo jackass that suck up Tim
Russerts on there which NBC thinks he's a real journalist yeah right and on emiss and BC they also think that Rita Cosby's a real
Journalist too oh let me play that thing again in the case you missed the early part of the show Rita Cosby
It's in my joys I'm sweet to see miss the cool
I can't understand what you're talking about your son I understand it's hard for you to talk to you son about the details of this case
Why is that not see you just read it he just has no voice right she's on MSNBC now and they bumped up mother Tucker Carlson
Like 11 o'clock when everybody's going to bed I mean get serious
It's the rest of us feel real she can't speak I mean it makes you nervous watching and listening even for like 10 seconds like I don't have to
Read the cross me from Fox News we store away she's even better than Greta even other than Greta was just saying a lot
There's one for you Greta van Suster and with all of her he's coming down to be joking that day when he's talking about how hot she is
She's about as hot as an earth pole although we do have global warming but nevertheless Greta van Suster she is awesome
We got nasty looking thing as the young lawyer in the Reagan White House
Supreme Court nominee John Roberts concluded that a groups memorial service for aborted fetuses was an entirely appropriate means of
Calling attention to the abortion tragedy Roberts wrote the advice in an atrobor 85 memo after he was asked to review a proposed telegram from president Reagan to the memorial service promoted by the California pro-life medical association
The president's position is that the fetuses were human beings or at least cannot be proven not to have been and accordingly a memorial service
I saw the words I could you step on a piece of like oh paid on the street okay you just step on as you're walking along how do you know that wasn't can you prove that it wasn't ever
Life what about all the micro organisms murderer and accordingly a memorial service would seem an entirely appropriate means of calling attention to abortion tragedy Roberts wrote
Roberts during his confirmation hearing to be a member of the US court of appeals for the district of Columbia Circuit had referred to Roe v. Wade in the case that legalized abortion in the U.S. as several law
Seven Democrats have been aggressively seeking nominees intermost thoughts on the 73 abortion ruling by the Supreme Court and the documents released today said more light on
See Bill Monroe was from Munn Boston and so he had this really exaggerated his abaction which was very strange that was Bill Monroe he's dead
The memorial service came at the end of a three year battle over how to dispose of some 16,000 fetuses discovered in February 82 and sealed plastic bags of formaldehyde and stored in a bin outside the California home of a man who would manage a medical lab
The then closed laboratory routinely examined a board of fetuses for clinics and hospitals the feminist women's health center of LA which endorsed women's right to abortion had sued to stop LA County from giving the fetuses to be Catholic League for religious burial
Oh God the dispute reached the US Supreme Court which upheld lower court decisions that the county could bury or cremate the fetuses but couldn't arrange to join in religious services
Maybe Phillips falling was in there too in the same crypt
Other documents showed that Robert's 50 in 1985 voice support for the notion of allowing prayer in public schools
Writing that a ruling to the contrary seems indefensible under the Constitution as a young Reagan administration lawyer
He wrote he would have no objection if the justice department wanted to express in portrait a constitutional amendment permitting prayer
Referring to a Supreme Court ruling issued earlier that year that struck down the Alabama school prayer law
He said the conclusion that the Constitution prohibits such a moment of silence reflection or even silent prayer seems indefensible
The Alabama law ruled unconstitutional by a divided court man day-to-day one minute period of silence for meditation or prayer
Roberts to paragraph memo written to White House counsel Fred Fielding was among nearly 50 400 pages erected released by the Ronald Reagan presidential library
They comprised a portion of material relating to Roberts tenure as member of the Office of White House counsel
And initial 478 pages that cover the same subject years mean under seal according to Alan Weinstein archivist of the US
White House spokesman Steve Schmidt said the library had withheld material based on requirements and the agreement information act to protect privacy and national security
Right the White House did not hold back any after reviewing those clearance for released by the library Schmidt said
The library contains an initial 40,000 pages relating to Roberts expected to be made public before Senate confirmationary could be suspended
Right Wayne fascist and of course from Bush you wanted it and you got it baby not to USA
As a matter of fact, yep no a suicide should have kept playing that thing we had on there in the beginning there
You all better start going off to invent Maxingala
This is part of the
new
516
The only thing bigger than the one that's two-hour is that Debbie Alice.
Boy, it's Shia Kow!
I'm here!
It's thirty a day, twice gas.
Well, I read it, Lincoln.
Dasha Krenn, I drove up in the hill.
You want me in shirts?
And we call how it happened, well it's...
The market still gives me change.
And what a weirdo!
Followed my map of star how says...
Yikes!
And was shocked to see...
Sitting on her front porch was...
Angelina Jollin.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la...
I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
I saw her hesitate.
She's up at dawn, a bond started working then for her.
It was too late.
For her and my car and...
Roll the windows down.
Now she washed my queen and...
She blew!
I made her crown.
What a stupid crown on me!
And I've got Angelina Jollin.
In my basement.
I made the basement.
And I think I'd keep her there with me.
Hello!
And charge her rent.
I can rent.
Well, I hope she goes mine.
I hope that she'll find that she likes us a man.
And that is a great fact.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jollin in my basement.
Wait, see! I'm here!
Watched in her panic.
Pull her in my head.
But I bet you'd give your last set.
Help me!
To have Angelina Jollin locked down in your basement.
Come here, questions!
Don't hurt my dog.
Don't hurt pressure.
Don't hurt your dog, Mr. Dog!
How could we have gone as far into this show and left out?
Don't be trusted us.
Brother, he's going to go zooming toward the top.
Larry King!
The hunchback suspended one.
Thanks to who sent it.
Thank you, Ed.
Our bad.
Let's see, Will Fax is in the sense.
Some football Jimmy Walker, JJ from Good Times.
I would hardly agree with that.
I also always go for the sports nerds.
And they're not doing sports.
They're never worth it.
Good choices.
Erraki's led to abuse by British soldiers.
Now, let's see, we're going to make 600 votes today or not.
I don't think you're leaning on it, Josh.
What's as I can?
Isn't that with the death code of this morning when you came in?
You're fairing!
535 votes on the poll.
I don't understand why we don't have at least 1,000 votes on it already.
They're too busy trying to vote on that sun-central ball
about how Jimmy Sifil is stuck on the dolphin games.
Which I told you, I know it.
Boring, coma inducing.
That's the operative term.
It seems to be the general consensus of opinion,
except for the A votes they got from the people inside over there.
Probably Dan LaBasterd and his boyfriends, like the booster.
Yeah, we get that real stupid.
Huh? I was going to say I've been getting some really bad reports.
Well, let's hear it.
I just, I mean, everyone that has listened said it's been really bad.
I've heard Joe Rose is okay.
But Jimmy is just a coma inducing.
Yeah. I think that's a very genteel nice way to gentile way to say it.
He's boring.
He just, he don't got it.
You're not a play-by-play guy, Jimmy.
I hate to break the news to you.
Okay. There's nothing worse than X-Jocks.
X-Jocks as color guys.
You've got your Pat Summerall was great in his day before we came to see Nile.
Who else?
What other buddy, buddy?
Now Buddy Blanton, there was an exception.
Former Giants first baseman a hundred years ago.
New York Giants.
And he was on a Saturday games with Dizzy Dean,
who screwed him over in Blanton or got taken over.
But he went on to do the St. Louis Hawks basketball team.
See, he worked for all these, the phones, these teams that don't exist anymore.
But he was great. In fact, when he tried to retire at K-Lamuel X,
there was such a fan protest that they had to bring Buddy Blanton back.
I do like that.
So he was one of the few great play-by-play guys, X-Jocks.
But, you know, color guys, there was a few.
And then there were a lot of bad ones like Tony Kubak and the Pee-Wee Reese and people like that.
Horrible.
And like Tim McCarver.
Of course, in his Pac-Fan.
I mean, a real lump.
There's a lump, a big French lump in his Pac-Fan.
Remember, it hates you, by the way, in his...
But you name me like an X-Jock play-by-play guy.
Other than Buddy Blanton, who died, I'm sure, long before you were born.
You can't do it, can you?
Now, play-by-play is a...
You have to be a broadcaster.
Yes you do.
And even a lot of them suck like Kenny Albert, who's just, you know,
Mark Albert's son, so therefore he's got the job.
Because everybody named Albert, even herb Albert, is, I think, doing sports.
And his Tijuana brass.
Kenny Albert sounds like he's got 40 pounds of elephant to drop things in his mouth.
But you're like that. Like, kind of like Ross Morton.
You like Kenny Albert?
Uh, not really.
No, awful.
Anyway, what the hell was that talking about?
I got sidetracked with that.
Oh, about your spy reports about how bad Jimmy Sifilis is doing.
It's bad, man.
It's really bad.
And those people over there at the ticket and the Dolphids organization, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
They had that kind of Mark Champion, who's an excellent play-by-play guy.
He'd have been great. Like a real guy.
You know, he could have picked up the mantle right where we were on mode.
That's the path from Zimphur and Weaver and etc.
Tickeries, every chance.
But no. Let's just put a bunch of ex-dolphin shells on there, okay?
Well, that's unacceptable to what it is.
Even the mad dog.
Oh, right.
What a deal with that.
Shameful.
British sold and Aguenti will never see the real result of that pull.
That's my prediction.
Because if it was available anywhere, we'd have had it already.
Somebody would have faxed it in or somewhere along the line.
We'd have gotten the MS.
I should have known.
I should have kept careful watching.
And you'll notice the day that I come back on it, it was there yesterday.
And the day that I come back on the year, it mysteriously is a prison of a sun cell.
Because they know that I would have leaned on it.
And would have boosted up all of our audience out there to vote how they really feel about those embarrassing Dolphids.
And let me just say one other thing, Sarney, you're such a jackass.
You're such a lump.
Another lump.
And then, you know, when all fairness to the guys is bad as syphilis may be,
they haven't even started the regular season yet.
You don't go taking a poll on people and how you like them.
And they're like one or two exhibition games.
Am I right?
Right.
That's not fair.
Wait until they play two or three regular season games.
And then let everybody say they suck.
But this business of, oh, man, you're such a, you see, and this is in lieu.
This is instead of a guy who's supposed to be a columnist instead of offering his own opinion.
Even if it's a crappy opinion, at least say something.
Same guy who a couple of weeks ago wrote the word that they got all these different names and all they need.
That was like a real play by play broadcast.
Well, that was real ballsy for you, Sarney.
It was like right on the verge of saying something, but you just can't do it, Kenya.
Because you want to schmooze.
You want to be like the pivot man and at the local sports fraternity.
Man, oh man.
What an embarrassment.
You know, anybody thinks that we have a real sports writer in South Florida.
Not that this is a sports show, God forbid.
But any, we don't have anybody even close.
They've hide like twice a year, write something that makes sense.
It's interesting.
It's provocative.
Or maybe once or twice a year.
In fact, you ought to go to California with Tom Jicke and Mr. Hyde.
And of course, Tommy didn't write anything about the ratings about the spring book.
Because he's out getting wind in dining, California, previewing the new Hollywood shows.
Yeah, right.
But another excuse to like not write anything about the book.
Every time I get a great stupendous book, there's nobody around to write about it.
And then Sarah Tallahley writes about how I annihilated the juice, the juice master.
And what's his name, Mark?
What do they call him now?
Buddy Mark.
Money Mark now ready for overnight time.
If he's not ready for overnight, how can he be ready for the middle of the day, huh?
Stubots, you idiot, you quizzling.
You ferry.
British soldiers are facing French.
See, this is the thing about this radio station.
The other 20 hours that they were too passive.
We need to be a little bit more aggressive, okay?
If you're so concerned that they're fighting a little battle with you, go after them and kick their ass.
Like God said, kill every one of them, okay?
That's right.
Kill your enemies.
Don't sit back in.
But it would be better.
And a problem again is that all these guys, they're in this sports fraternity together.
In fact, I was shocked last two days.
We could go today.
Remember I was talking with Hank about it and he was saying how simple it was.
So I was shocked.
And I said, oh, I know that.
Yeah.
British soldiers are facing French allegations of using Iraqi prisoners according to an investigation by BBC's Newsnight Programme.
Oh, those Brits, man.
Program PROGRAMMME Programme.
Oh, man.
What a sense of humor, whether you...
Thank you.
Two Iraqi brothers, clearly, were beaten with sticks and denied water and sleep after being arrested at their home in Basra and taken to a British base.
The brothers said the soldiers abused them in 2003.
Only weeks after the Iraq invasion, one man says the soldier urinated on his head.
And the program to be shown this evening, meaning tonight.
Well, let's see what it says, six o'clock there.
Yeah, tonight.
Oh, you'll be able to see that on the line over the shoulder.
If it's on a BBC, I guess it'll be 109.
You can be BBC world.
I take it.
Do you?
I'm not sure.
It's a digital cable.
I think business as usual, we have to realize it's good to destroy water crimes.
I mean, certain months.
It's good to evacuate water criminals.
I mean, settlers.
Very good.
Very, very good.
That was cute.
I was like, what's up?
That was on the BBC.
You won't hear that kind of coming, period.
It's certainly not news network, okay?
That was good.
In the program to be shown this evening, brothers, Marab and Assad's eyes al-Sahir.
I mean, why do we even bother with these names?
And what do we know?
They intrude stole their family car in cash.
Marab said his brother was tied up after they were arrested.
And then they were both taken to an internment camp where they were abused.
Marab said they lowered me down while I was tied up through me on the floor and hit me with a stick.
And put these raw breaths afterwards and I lost consciousness.
I thought they would throw water over us, but he got his penis out and urinated on my head.
If he had a weapon, if I would have had a weapon, I'd have killed him myself, he said.
The brothers haven't made any official complaint.
They were cancer-confused.
They spoke to him and for the Ministry of Defense and Allegations could not be investigated unless they were reported.
She urged anyone with evidence to come forward so the claims could be investigated.
Birmingham-based human rights lawyer feels shiner.
Well, there's another one for our poll, by the way.
Herb Shriner.
Who?
And what about Phil Silvers?
Who?
You don't know Phil Silvers?
No.
Birmingham-based human rights lawyer, Phil Shriner, is acting for dozens of Iraqis who make claims against the British Army.
He says, I think there is fairly clear evidence that there's a policy within the British Army in Iraq of systematic abuse and torture.
Other claimed female soldiers were sexually provocative during interrogations.
Another man said he was held for more than two months without charge.
He said, troops punched him and made him make monkey noises in a dark like a dog.
Another man said he was held for 31 days without sleep at the old air-based embossed line.
All sounds like...
I forgot.
You're very big, we're familiar to me.
You don't know Phil Silvers?
No.
Yeah, out of here.
Glasses?
Where are we going?
I got one for him that you know and he goes farther back than Phil Silvers.
Ed Wynn.
Oh, yeah.
Well, nobody else remembers it except Phil Silvers.
You see, I remember you.
Well, Boca-Brion remembers him.
If it's good enough for me and Boca-Brion and even you, it's good enough for this audience.
Okay?
We got a lot of old users out there where the old fart station now, where the...
What would be a good term for it?
Fossil station, your Fossil station from the New Millennium.
We're old.
We're crusty.
And guess what?
We got an audience.
I didn't like that.
Mr. Hodge, out over there.
Mr. Labaster boy, you silly ghost.
I was starting to say before before Joshy interrupted me.
Well, he interrupted because he's so tight with Boob, you know?
Now, once I thought about that relationship there, I started my opinion of the Booster,
who started dropping several notches.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
Well, sometimes you have to judge a person by their friends, by the company they keep.
Exactly.
Hey, I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding.
Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know.
When I'm born, I'm black.
When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black.
When I go out in the sun, I'm black.
When I go out in the cold, I'm black.
When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black.
But you, my white man.
When you're born, you are pink.
When you grow up, you are white.
When you get sick, you are green.
When you go out in the sun, you go red.
And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow.
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die.
You turn purple.
And you've got the damn nerve to call me colored.
There was an old farmer who lived on a ride.
He sat in the meadow just shaping his face.
That some boys who were down by the frick.
There'd be in the water, their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
People of her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white plop be done.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling refuse and litter from yesterday's time.
While the girls in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock.
It looked like a man with a side of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
It be asked her fun lightly.
She'd show him her little betta who was subject to this.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick.
And then she bent over and sucked on his candy.
So tasty made a butter sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go fuck yourself.
Well, look at that.
Tom Price has taken continued with Chrissie of New Labor Day.
That's what your federal government says.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those very low reasonable gas prices.
Of course, enough that they're waping you or ripping you off.
It must be because there's a shortage in the heavy on all these mechanical problems.
That's right.
Because the king just died in Saudi Arabia, King Fahad, who's been a vegetable for 10 years anyway.
Wow.
And the public says it's back.
But me put them up and you're like CNN and they come on there and give you a bunch of propaganda.
A bunch of crap. They lie through their teeth.
That little, that was lucky again, very fortuitous that thing I had from BBC.
Oh yeah, that was great.
So Phil Silvers was Sergeant Bilko.
You don't know from Sergeant Bilko?
I mean, I've heard the name, but I've never heard of it.
Well, you better get with it.
You better sit down with them. You better lunch with Bilko.
Hello.
What?
You cut off again for the second time today.
Why is that?
I have no idea what I'm doing.
For how long?
For like a second or two.
Well, they're too bad.
Keep you on your toes.
How the f**k?
How is that?
I like it.
Anyway, Sil-Dad Wata is Mexico.
And this article I love.
Another reason to stay the hell away from Mexico if you value your life.
Mexican, Mexicans take over drug trade to the U.S.
With Colombian cartels and shambles, Mexican drug lords run the show now.
Suidad Wata is Mexico.
The king pins of the Cemeteries drug trade are no longer Colombians.
In the largest reorganization since the 80s, senior U.S. officials say,
well, I guess what Frank Costello or the mob, he was, he must have been part of what they molded the Godfather after,
because he was adamant that he would not know drug dealing.
Hmm.
And my neighborhood.
Senior U.S. officials say Mexican cartels have leveraged the profits
from their delivery routes to rest control from the Colombian producers.
The shift is also because of these success authorities have had and cracking down on Colombia's king pins.
Well, that's one great thing about the war on drugs.
It's just like the war on prostitution.
Yeah.
The more you chase it, the more it keeps moving from one hood to another.
And let me ask you this.
Yeah.
Where are you at?
Yeah, you'll.
As a result, Mexican drug lords are calling the shots in what the U.S. estimates is $142 billion a year of business in cocaine, heroin, marriage, wini, methamphetamine, and elicit drugs in the U.S. states.
Speaking of marriage, wini, how's that kid who is he still dead the one that cops shot up?
Yeah, he's still shot.
But it's safer now over there, etc.
Right.
Yeah, he was, he had a scale.
He had one or little scales and two ounces of pot.
Where you're ass on it.
He was a danger to the human race.
That's what all you left wing spin doctors better understand.
Today, the Mexicans have taken over and are running the organized crime and getting the bulk of the money to John Walters.
The White House drugs are in a phone interview.
The Colombians have pulled back.
Oh, G.S. you're hoping out there for skin.
Man, what are disgusting thoughts that is.
I'll tell you one thing.
They're a lot of really good looking Colombians.
I know I've told you that before and you disagree.
Well, I didn't disagree.
You didn't.
Somebody here has half Colombian.
Who is Shakira?
Oh, Shakira.
I love Shakira.
We all do.
One consequence of the new dominance of Mexican cartels is a spike in violence, especially along the 2000, my U.S. Mexican border where rival cartels are worrying not only against Mexican and the U.S. authorities,
but also against each other for control of the lucrative transit corridors.
Oh, there you go.
Just like the mafia man.
You're all like the mob warriors.
Not like all you, a Julio, is man.
You all hate each other.
Mexicans hate the weekends and the Cubans and the weekends hate each other like poison.
And God only knows about the periguin.
Yeah, but these are Mexicans killing Mexicans.
And so, Dumbled Trump.
I mean, a bad hero, but Adam Dumbled.
He's ugly. He's horrendous.
You want to put him on air?
Sure.
Okay.
Adam Dumbled.
Let's put the whole of it in life.
Boy, I grew the on-app, but I don't think he's that.
You know, put him in the same category with Carl Maldon or Marty Feldman.
Yeah.
Okay, we're Larry King.
Larry King's got one.
Now, we got to get a little push on here to get that 600 votes during the show, man.
Otherwise, you're going to be hearing Hungarians here.
Hungarians, Chinese melodies.
Starting tomorrow, 10 to 2.
You want to see a little action here.
Now that the school is back in, no more excuses now.
This is the week that we have like the turning point, no more damn excuses.
Plus, we have all those naked pictures of Britney Spears on today.
Yeah, and he'll knocked up the milky.
565 votes, who is the all-time, ugliest male celebrity, movies radio or TV.
Marty Feldman, 116.
They can't touch Marty.
Number one, he's dead.
Number two, who don't want to anyway.
Hank Goldberg, 78.
The poor Humper is taking it bad.
Lyle, love it, 55.
Look at the way he shot up the list.
Mojaro, David in 42.
Ron Jeremy, 33.
He'll Roger, 31.
Ron, the slip by me.
Carl Maldon, 22.
Slice to load, 21.
James Woods, 18.
Owen Wilson, 16.
Wayne Heisenberg, 15.
Man, a H2 like poison, Wayne.
I wish you would just, just crumble out, just die a horrible death.
Don I miss 14.
Steve Bushimi, 14.
Charles Bronson, 14.
Jack E. Lomontweve, old Jack.
Phil Henry IX.
Edward James, almost eight.
W. C. Fields, eight.
Peter C.
Laurie, eight.
Six.
Don King, five.
Richard Boone, five.
You know what, how they show he was on?
I give up.
He was on medic with William Shatton.
Oh, I never watched that.
Never watched that.
Well, it's before you were born.
Greta Van Suster in three, Bellagosi, three Gene Wilder, three Reds Gelton, three.
How about Rita Cosby?
If we're going to put Greta on there.
Hope.
Rita Cosby from MSNBC.
You know, Rita, the one that says,
I'm thinking of, you know, you talk about your story.
I understand it's hard for you to talk to you.
It's not about the details of this case.
Yeah, sure, sure.
I mean, I know we got Lenny Martez on here, but we're like little QA,
and we're like a little mom and pop station in Miami, you know?
But this is supposedly a major network that's supposedly competing worldwide for viewers, okay?
Now, one of the peacock is molting all the time.
God, pathetic.
Rita Cosby, my ass.
A Reds Gelton three at Kaplan, two John Madden, two Boris Carl off, two James,
Jimmy Walker, J.J. got one.
Very King one, Fred Gwynne one, F.M.A.
We're having finally got one.
They don't know who that is.
Well, I'm the four one, and none yet for Donald Trump.
Phil Silver's Ed Wynn, but a Yepson and a Sporne one, or even for Stan Major.
Oh my God.
How fast they forget, you know what?
Yeah, I don't have to play some of the Stan Major bits.
I wonder how much his name is doing.
J. Michaels.
How's J. Michaels doing?
He's still on.
He's still doing a show.
Oh, that's right. He never did do a show.
Boy, did he butcher my audience in INZ when I went to Zeta?
Wow.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQAM.
You're right. Just did.
What?
What?
You're not even paying any attention.
I was not a room.
I was paying for the sprinting.
I just come out of the shed here.
I thought that there was another spot coming, so I'm making me like a bratwurst.
I knew that I was testifying under oath, and I told the truth.
And today, I am telling the truth again that I did not do this intentionally or noranely.
The Orioles ain't winning.
Get worse with every unit.
Miserly's afraid he's gonna lose his job.
And it...
Sooses got no call.
J. Ambees in New York.
Paparra shows us voice down with a night band for.
We're talking to Smolls.
So we need for the fences talking to Smolls.
Making this need of the fences.
The custom only juxtapunch aligns.
You have a new sterile.
Get full and free run shots with routine fights.
Life on air rolls.
Go, set and big backs.
There's nothing for me to gain in everything but lose.
You know, why would I do it?
500-800-6-0.
It just makes no sense.
We get our six number.
We'll get there easy right like falling off along.
Yeah, I was popping up bratwurst into my flavor wave.
Deluxe.
And I was...
We were keeping up with bratwurst.
In the bathroom.
It's all turned back in here.
Well, there you go.
Some of the crashed airliners passengers alive on impact.
Yeah, it wouldn't have been something if I wouldn't have been paying any attention.
And Josh would have had a grab.
The thing I tell us all those stories about how Jimmy Cifalus really sucks.
So you're getting bad reports.
Is that what you said?
Yes.
I've gotten really bad stuff.
I haven't heard it myself yet.
So I'm waiting.
Try to catch them.
Well, I've heard messages from people who have heard it and they say you can't believe.
And not only him being bad on the game but the pregame show is so embarrassing and so.
Juvenile and sophomore and Bushley.
Pretty exact same.
Yeah.
Pretty nice going over there at the ticket man.
Pathetic.
Anyway, contrary to other reports that are going around the Guardians usually pretty responsible.
They got some idea what they're writing about.
They say at least six of the 121 people killed on somebody in Greece's worst air disaster were alive.
When the jetliner plunged into a mountain outside Athens, all cops used to reveal last night.
I'm sure you've heard they were all frozen solid and the pilot turned blue and somebody sent a text message.
All a bunch of crap.
You using that?
Have you?
Yeah, I've seen all kinds of things.
Well, they're full of crap.
Just like a sky miles of Brian and Wolf Blitzrey were full of crap in Pearson Airport here about two, three weeks ago.
Oh, man.
How can they both even still be on the air?
Irresponsible.
Absolutely unacceptable is what it is.
Unacceptable.
That's journalism.
After conducting first toxicological tests.
Careful.
On six of the victims, Athens, Steve Gorn, or Philip Kutsoffius, cities found evidence that they had circulation in their hearts and lungs.
They had circulation in bread so they were alive.
He told reporters, I can't say if they were conscious or unconscious.
If they were unconscious, the Helios Airways Boeing 737 crash into mountains near Athens, killing all 115 passengers, six crew, on a fight from the market to Prague with a stop in Athens.
They were rescuers had said that many of the recovered bodies showed signs of being frozen and solid prompting speculation that the passengers had died because of a dramatic drop in a cabin's pressure.
And they were comparing it to the golfer.
What was the golfer's name?
Oh, Martin.
No, not Casey Martin again.
The one at the loss control.
Huh?
I'm thinking.
I forget.
Okay, we're going.
You know, I think I am with golf.
However, last night, a police arrested a man who claimed we received a telephone text message from one of the past news before the crash saying farewell, cousin were freezing in here.
In other words, it was a hoax.
In a separate development yesterday, police and separers raided the offices of Helios Airways as we've been shocked to turn to anger against the alarm, which operated a Boeing 737.
The raid was carried out to secure documents and other evidence, which could be useful for the investigation into possible criminal acts.
A lead police officer from Nicoccia, the island's capital, were dispatched to Helios' headquarters in Lanarca after local authorities, including the chief police requested a search warrant.
How do you like that?
A lot of accidents going on these days don't fly.
You know, not a good idea.
Oh, it doesn't bother me.
It doesn't deter me.
You fly every day.
Yeah, who is the golfer that his plane?
Don't you remember that?
Yeah, I remember it.
But you know, all these sports names are all the same to me.
And he fell asleep. He became unconscious because there was no air pressure.
And there was no oxygen in the cabin.
And the plane was like the loose flying over.
Yeah, that was his name.
It begins with an L.
Len Martez.
Lenny Martez.
Oh, boy, I remember him.
He was living soon.
Oh, seriously? What the hell was that Fred Mertz?
Sure, one of these ringing lines, I don't know.
Okay, well, one I answered.
Somebody QA and hello.
QA and?
Yeah, the golfer was painless.
Thank you very much.
As a matter of fact, thank you, sir.
Not only was the golfer pain stored.
Oh, but where is that?
Isn't that in here?
I thought we had a drop in here with painstored.
We do.
I don't have it.
What's it under?
I thought it was under painstored.
P.A. Why any?
Yeah.
I just lost P.A. Alice.
I know that all of us American golfers on the one hand cup team.
We are Chinese too.
There you are, everybody.
Yeah.
How do you like that painstored?
He's still dead, by the way.
Don Stout looked up into the Midwestern sky one afternoon
two weeks ago and saw a strange helicopter flying over his five acre
piece of land in rural Albany, Ohio.
Before we knew what happened, the 77-year-old long-time resident
law-abiding citizen and Korean war veteran had eight law enforcement
officials swarming on his property checking the place out from
marijuana.
Never before having had a running with a law, Stout said that heavy handed
looking group of law enforcement thugs came and went without saying a word.
After suspiciously looking at large bush on his property,
not in the slightest bit resembling a plot plan.
I've been here since 94 and everybody knows me including the sheriff.
I never smoked marijuana and they know it.
But I think they're just like terrorizing people, Stout.
In a telephone conversation from Rizor-Oll-Home, adding he still hasn't received an answer
from anyone as to why law enforcement officials invaded his privacy
entered his land without a proper search warrant.
It's scared that hell out of me as eight or ten men swarmed my place.
I was weeding my garden next thing, you know, they run my property
and they looked at this, they looked at this bush and left without saying a word.
It was ridiculous, but the sheriff, the deputy sheriff and the game warden
all rated my place for no reason. I'm still looking for an explanation.
Where is this? Sorry to interrupt.
Albany, Ohio.
Why, you want some?
Yeah, I do.
Although Stout can't pin plug by authorities' enter to his property without a warrant,
earlier that day, he heard his strong opinions.
Earlier that same day, he heard his strong opinions against President Bush calling
him an outright liar on a free speech and truth-telling talk radio show
on a popular W.A.I.F.A.M.770 local radio station.
Waf, 77.
George Music, a variety of W.A.V.C.
O.M.F.L.I.
Well, I know we want to have one, it's a 77.
Okay.
Stout said he had been calling in regularly voicing his anti-bush opinions,
saying people in rural Ohio are finally staring to wake up to lies,
these seed and treachery imposed on the American people by what he calls
a lying dog of a president.
I think he and arrest of his buddies are corrupt downright crazy and Bush
should be impeached, plain and simple for lying to the people about weapons,
the mass destruction, and Iraq, to the former Korean War veteran who lashed out at Bush
were going to work illegally and in the process calling thousands of innocent civilians
including more than 1800 GIs.
I think George Bush is a liar and personally responsible for the deaths of many good young men
in order that his rich buddies could profit from this illegal war.
He also talked about how he has stolen election in Ohio in 2004.
See, Florida 2000, Ohio 2004.
Never do it twice in the same state.
No.
Always move it around a little bit.
20 chill 2 with 5, 60 W and 2 in point at Browers.
Oh, really smell good in my flavor way.
I'm in the summer first side, eight minutes on a certain side.
That's from a pre-cooked, by the way.
Okay.
I was watching, I don't know, something on the news last night.
I showed some pig rolling around in the slot and I thought to myself,
there's your Browers, man.
Ah, didn't debother me.
They cleaned up real nice.
They ho-
You can relate to that.
Yeah.
If you're looking for a high p-
Ha-ha-ha.
If you're looking, well, I got a story about that, by the way.
Before I do the spot, about pigs.
No.
About pig squealing.
Oh, geez.
How come I can't find it right this second, you see?
That's bad.
Hang on, folks.
It's not really worth it.
Yeah, father and son win French pig squeal off.
Well, forget to that, Miss.
Sorry.
And Ed Bady wasn't in it.
It goes your oven.
Did you hear it?
Yeah.
Could you hear the beep?
Yep.
It's beeping, which is perfect timing, because now I can flip it over.
Well, I'll wait a little bit.
I'll just show it off.
Hey, if you're looking for a high-speed internet service,
you want one that's fast, reliable, easy to use.
In short, you want the very best.
You want the number one high-speed internet service provider
in America, Comcast, High-Speed Internet.
It's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition,
with speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light.
Download music, photos, streaming video, online game,
and faster than ever before.
Simply put, Comcast, High-Speed Internet gives you
the very best internet experience going.
And with features like the fan, video, email, security manager,
and radio plus, it's even more intense than ever before.
And right now, you can get yourself Comcast High-Speed Internet
for just $9.95 for the first two months.
Call 1-800-COMcast and get the number one high-speed internet service
in the entire USA today.
Certain restrictions apply call for details toll-free 1-800-COMcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
There's two new Duke phones.
And that orange car.
The new Duke's a hazards man.
I can say it's the worst remake of all.
Daisy Duke's curtains.
And she would be.
Tell me how to Jessica since and get her own movie deal.
Movie's today.
They make my popcorn taste foul.
Ain't got no popcorn or more, but they're really loud.
I love the old Duke phones.
We're back when I was a kid.
Only wood takes my favorite shows and turns them into bad play.
Hey man, 145.
Carrot Top, it's as damn it.
Carrot Top, how's he getting Carrot Top off?
Got it.
And what I got?
What do you got?
I just printed it.
Okay, this is second.
I'm reading a mail based on that facts.
Fact is, we'd Michael, my pussy, or just like Dave Hyde,
Mike Mayo, who used to be a sports nerd comers.
And that was just a general nerd comers.
I'm twice a year, he writes something fairly profound.
Says, read Michael Mayo's column in the Sunset Locals section about the kid in the Sunrise.
And it was killed by the Swag Team in our, our, our unaffected war on drugs.
Michael Mayo writes an ounce of pot, ten bullets, and one failed drug war.
In the annals of drug takedowns, there was that annals.
This wasn't much.
Three quarter rounds bags in marijuana, bedroom refrigerator,
a joint and another loose ram on top.
Four grams scattered on a dresser.
Six pipes with pot residue, three ash trays with less than a gram each,
three packs of rolling papers, and a digital scale.
Saturday had a scale.
Oh.
Thanks to the efforts of the Sunrise Police Department today,
a pot hit in West Broward might have to go an extra ten blocks to score some smoke.
An Anthony dietado is dead.
I still can't pronounce this like a name.
Sorry, Anthony.
All for 30.2 grams of weed.
About 30, man.
One more than an ounce.
The drug inventory above is what Sunrise Police said they found an Anthony's home in the morning,
a SWAT unit shot him with ten bullets in a pre-dawn raid.
No coke, no heroin, no ecstasy, no meth.
What in the hell were they doing with a SWAT team as to Eleanor's shock at a retired dating circuit judge,
who advocates a sweeping overhaul of drug laws, to break into somebody's home at six o'clock in the morning,
possibly awaken somebody from a deep sleep, someone who has a concealed weapons permit,
what did they expect to happen?
This is a tragedy it should never have happened.
Even if Anthony 23 was a small time popular, which his friends and family deny,
the methods used to show the madness of our countries were on drugs.
No discretion, no proportionality, no sense.
Using SWAT in this case is like using a sledgehammer on a fly, said Jack Cole,
former narcotics detective for the New Jersey State Police,
who had law enforcement against prohibition,
leap a drug law reform group.
I'd rather use a little bit of stealthy said.
Cole has spent 14 years as an undercover agent nearly three decades as a cop.
He doesn't understand why such a huge show force was necessary,
why he needed to be done at 6.15 in the morning,
or why detectives couldn't detain Anthony when he lets his house for work.
When you kick in a door, all it does is alert them that someone's coming
that they don't want to see cool, said.
Sunrise Police Chief David Boyett said yesterday he couldn't comment on these specifics of a case
but he said it's common to serve narcotics warnings early in the morning.
That's the time you find people at home.
The Howard Circuit Judge John Prisanti on August 3rd granted the search warrant for Anthony's home.
According to War It's It Tales released yesterday,
Anthony didn't even have to be home during the search.
The war at that time David said a confidential informant brought an ounce of marijuana
from Anthony the last month that came two weeks after an anonymous tipster told Sunrise Narcotics Officers
that cannabis and cocaine were being sold at all hours at the house.
Melconsent Neighbor.
Sunrise Police, I hope the Melconsent Neighbor is real happy that your neighbor is dead by the way.
Sunrise Police used a SWAT unit to execute the search warrant August 5.
A few hours earlier, Anthony returned home from his bartender job in Western.
Police say he had a gun and fled into his bedroom.
He had no history of violence.
His only running with a law was an arrest for marijuana possession when he was 16.
He didn't have a concealed weapons permit.
And during their raid, police said they found a handgun, shotgun, rifle and BB pistol
along with 124 rounds of ammo.
Given the August 2000 for killing a brown chair softened deputy Todd Fata and a child
of a poor no warrant raid gone bad.
Sunrise's inclination to use SWAT for a suspect known who have weapons was understandable.
But as Shocket said, why not take him on the street?
Why not go to his job and tell him there?
Said Cole, when you have a war, there's going to be casualties and there's going to be collateral damage.
None of this would be happening if we ended the prohibition on drugs where we ended the prohibition on alcohol.
Cole 67 is no pot smoking hippie, but a former drug fighter who knows when to say when.
He and four others started leap three years ago.
It now has 3,000 members, cops like himself, judges like Shocket, Prison Ward's FBI, D.A. agents.
They've come to realize current drug policies are doomed to failure, a colossal waste of money in lives,
add Anthony's name to the list.
Right, Michael?
No.
Pretty good column, Mike.
Nice going, Mike.
No one to be an honest person or domo.
Oh, anyway, here's the sweep off.
Good.
Yeah, that's the case you weren't listening last week.
What was it Thursday when at SWAT team guy called in?
Yeah, he was a drug dealer.
Wow, he's left you left wing spin-meister, is he all right?
Right.
Thought of being your dad, baby.
Yeah, we had a scale here.
We had a little digital scale.
Oh, boy.
No coke, no heroin, no meth, but nevertheless, he's dead.
Father and son win French piggis wheel off.
Oh, how perfect that the French.
Oh, what a piggis wheel off.
Oh, brother.
Oh, brother.
Johann and Olivier Rousselle's performance climax to make a cavity of oinxen grunts,
unleashing an explosion of applause.
But it was only after lengthy jury deliberations that their hopes were confirmed.
The father and son team were French's official piggis wheeling champions for 2005.
The judges headed by a former champion have been impressed by their vocal limitations of pigs
and all for the required categories, reflecting key milestones of poor scene existence
from noisy farmland birth to death under the knife by a suffering and inevitably mating.
France is handful of fate poor.
I'm hoping you say that.
I know nothing about French and I'm very proud of it.
Or crazy festivals attract a regular cult following and throngs of incredulous holiday makers.
One fate features in a claimed line contest.
Another boasted distance spitting competition.
Oh, the frog should have no problem doing that.
But the annual pig festival and French pig-squeeding championships in Trees-Sier Bra,
a remote farming village in the foothills of the Pyrenees, are announced to be in a class of their own.
Beside the pig-squeeding, they are awards in the Sunday competition for picking out.
This year's winner ate 1.2 meters nearly 4 feet of blood sausage and under 5 minutes
and heavy gambling in the final 8 piglet race.
Stepping up to the record and hastily improvised pig-off.
Wait a minute.
What?
Madonna just broke several bones in a horse-right-back riding accident.
Too bad.
Bitch.
Stepping up to the microphone and hastily improvised pig-off.
It's the decision whether the competition had been taken only the night before.
The Roussells let rip with a chorus of uncannily realistic squeals, grunts, and snuffles.
What is a snuffle?
Before the 500-strong audience topped with a delicately choreographed courtship scene.
Ooh.
Now that must be the one from Deliverance.
Wasn't that a courtship scene?
Newcomers to the contest.
Beat six other finalists including regular contenders Jean-Paul Louge.
But they've very modestly downplayed their win as they wanted to collect first prize.
A whole pig butchered and cured with traditional local methods.
I don't even like that.
Leave it to them a frog, sound them pipsies.
A man was shot by police twice in the same shoulder at two different times on the same night in college park Georgia.
You see this?
No.
Talk about having bad luck.
This is worth them going to Woodbine and having somebody else get the good machine-mind.
The girlfriend of 33-year-old Kennyanna, Bostic called police when they domestic violence complaint early Saturday.
But Bostic, one of his kinder old Bostic, was gone when officers arrived.
He returned soon after but when officers ordered him to turn off his car engine he sped off.
Barely avoiding an officer who dived out of the way.
An officer fired through the car's passenger window hitting Bostic in the shoulder.
Every Bisco?
I don't even know what it is.
Oh.
It's like what's that other like chocolate powder oval team?
Oh, okay.
All right.
Sure.
I like eating oval team with a spoon right there.
Just dip your finger.
Please change them to the Atlantic Metropolitan Area Atlanta Atlantic Metropolitan Area College Park Georgia.
Until Bostic returned to his girlfriend's apartment complex where he crashed his car set out on the foot.
An officer caught up with him and ordered him to hold up his hands.
He refused to show his hands.
They turned abruptly at the officer and the officer struck him in the same bad shoulder.
How do you like that?
He was treated and released being held on charges of aggravated assault on a police officer, criminal trespass and traffic violations.
A damn thing good thing he didn't have like a pot scare.
This is the main event.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because after the beat goes off the second time and it just sits there and like continues, um, simmers, simmering and warming.
Heaps at warm and the brown worse too.
Anyway, what do we got?
We made our 600 votes on the pool like falling off the log.
No problem.
We could have gone for 700 if Joshua would have leaned on a real heavy.
Well, I pushed for six.
You did what?
I pushed for six.
We got it.
Yeah, 622.
Last time I checked.
Anyway, here's what we got.
Who's the all-time ugliest male celebrity movies radio and TV?
Marty Feldman, 119.
Funny though.
See, it's one thing if you're ugly.
Right.
You're funny.
It helps.
Some guy.
If you're ugly and you're not funny and then you've got the tourists.
Marty Feldman, 119.
The Humper Hank Over 83.
He didn't be funny.
Well, I love it 63.
Man, he is just, uh, I'm sorry.
What is it?
Where is it?
Where is it at?
Moe Howard, David in 46.
He's standing by.
He's coming up next.
It looks a lot better without the muskrat.
Ron Jeremy 37.
Neil Rogers 32.
Right on Ron Jeremy's back.
What a grotesque thought that is.
Maybe I'll pass on the bratwurst.
Carl Maldon 26.
I can't believe you don't know who Phil Silver's was.
Who?
Do a Google right now on Phil Silver's and like click on, um, like, uh, Sergeant Philco.
As soon as you see the picture, you know who that was.
All right.
Do it.
Slice the load 21, Wayne Heisen in 19.
James Woods 18.
World's Zitface.
What a pockin' focus.
Don I'm a 17.
I bet you nobody has seen that when we, uh, once upon a time in America.
When next time you have 708 hours free, you're watching.
It's good.
Uh, Owen Wilson 17.
Steve with Shimi 15.
Charles Robinson 15.
Jack Eelam 12.
Phil Henry 10.
Are you sure Edward James almost nine looks almost human.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that guy.
Yeah, you're right.
We're talking about the Jackson and the ball.
It's a mad mad mad mad world.
Right.
WC Fields 9.
Peter Laurie says Jimmy Walker J.J.
Five.
Larry King five.
Uh-huh.
Oh, he should be.
What is that?
Greta Van Suston five.
Don King five.
Richard Boone five.
Bella Logo C3.
Jean Waldo three rest.
Shelton two.
Eddie K2 John Madden two.
Boris Carl off to Peretop one.
Rita Cosby one.
Donald Trump one.
Ernest Borgdynel and Stan Major.
Solomon Teuno.
Bye, bye, bye.
