my arm like a random alley map of lock-a-walk. I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that
under my clothes I wear fancy hoes, but that no mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms
are bad you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing shade and show a little
glazed the next time I'm raping him. I can go to a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want to walk on looking like Joan Rivers.
Uh, where am I? I buy a little beast, the fat little freak. I get him a paper now we can't
afford to eat. The reason I dismissed that sneak and fat bastard is big-ass. He wouldn't
shut up and he can't play conaster. I suddenly talk over there nobody talks when I rap.
I rap ten you talk. Like look at me, I'm big. I get nowhere. I'm a thing don't get it man.
I'm really dead. I buy her any one I want. I don't care. But clearly they make me flip my
wig made her smelly green hair. I get tired myself and even happens to the grapes.
Westwood once said you get out of here or else we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool
life since good as it gets. With my paladin cartel placing bits of the jigs in paradise.
Paradise I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the jigs
but the greeners aren't ready with my lime green pants. I won't visit take.
Kelly calling the plate. It was just a little thought. So what I left this day.
I get to text anyone. I'm not gonna sell it. It's funny. I can do what I want because the management loves me.
Can I tell you something? Oh, something ought to know. But the longest time I wanted you to be my...
Oh, you were my type. Now I'm straight. No, no.
Who? Who? Who do you go?
I'll take no for an answer.
What? What? What?
That's you.
Get out of here.
I got bad things.
Who do you go?
Who?
Who do you go?
Who do you go?
Who?
Who do you go?
Who do you go?
Who do you go?
Who?
Who do you go?
Who do you go?
10-0-3-5-60-WD-QM we're back to a 10 o'clock start. How do you like that?
The opposite of it awakened already to go out there and lose his ass.
I mean, win some money today.
This could be an expensive schedule for him, you know?
For him?
Yeah. No, because now...
I mean, when you're on 4-7, you can't go to the track on those days.
I guess you can go a little bit, but, you know, post-imes usually like 12-31 o'clock.
So how much can you plunge, you know?
But now that he's getting off the air at 10, he can get in the car,
zip up there to Palm Beach, Kennel Club, or any of the Permordial facilities where he would like to go,
including Poppano Park, by the way. Why not give him a little plug?
And have a little lunch, right?
Right.
And then plunge into a charged content all afternoon long.
Then go out and have a couple of more meals and, you know,
go to bed early and get up in the morning again.
Sounds like a very expensive schedule to me.
Anyway, here's our poll result from on, and then we'll tell you about the new schedule.
Oh!
God!
What a place!
Oh, man.
You think you've heard some insanity on this station or in this market before?
This takes the cake today.
It's four minutes after 10.
Do we know who's going to be on it to a clock?
No.
This could be the greatest of tug of war.
No, seriously, this could be a phenomenal tug of war.
I hope we got like a really stainless-skilled microphone in there, you know?
One with some heavy-duty cords on it.
And we can just have a tug of war, whether mad dog or moe wins the tug of war with a determined.
I have a feeling I know who would win that one.
Oh, right.
But nevertheless, you never know.
Because some old coots are stubborn.
Some of us old fans Jews are pretty stubborn.
And so they're both going to show up at two o'clock evidently and nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
Nobody knows who's going to be on it to.
And if there are people out there who think, oh, that Neil Mani's making this up again.
Yeah, right.
Even I couldn't, I don't have the imagination to make up what's going on in this place.
Anyway, let's do the poor result first.
And then we'll spend the whole four hours bickering out the beesleaves and Greg Reed.
And the water not seem to just for the hell of it.
The worst movie of the new millennium since 2000,
right up until this moment is Gilly.
Pretty good battle there, man.
Look at that 1,500 plus votes, almost 50, 50, Gilly 389.
And the pass of the Christ 368, only out of almost 1,600 votes.
This is closer than the presidential election in 2000, isn't it?
Well, pretty damn close.
We didn't have to fix this one either.
Gilly 389, the Passion of the Christ 368.
From Justin De Kelley to 25, the litter 93.
And that great that we got the Gilly and Glitter on there from that one color.
Thank you so much.
We'd have been really remiss if we'd end the goddamn honor.
The Hux 64, coming power, enter the fist.
Welcome, 52.
Freddie got fingered.
Oh geez, back to back.
That's bad.
47.
Oh no, this is I'd buy each.
I would hope for a little separation.
Charlie's Angels 46, Van Helsing 39.
Alexander 31, of course, everybody knows what it was.
Yeah, Alien versus Predator had.
But third man.
Very devil 29.
Crossroads 18, the village 18.
Sky catten the world of the Mar 18.
Harold and Kumar go to White Castle for a few of them.
Greasey and Elybert was 18.
Around the world in 80 days 17.
She hate me 16.
The big bounce 13.
And beyond the sea had it doesn't.
There's the pull result.
And this great we can give the pull result right to begin in the show.
Does anybody know what's starting at 10?
No, they'll catch on.
They're going to get a scuttle butt and stern.
Ripus said this morning because I'm sure we got people listening on the buzz.
Right.
They didn't say anything.
We are.
I beg your pardon?
Well, that's right.
They're not monitoring here.
No, we're not monitoring because I don't even know if we still have the
ability to monitor it.
Probably they took that thing down real fast because they don't want to keep paying for it.
So maybe we'll get a spy report to see if there was even a mention that the
his show is not on Miami.
And more if you're listening for hours, staring at the end here.
Okay.
He ain't here.
Here's a, that's his spy report coming in right off the bat.
You'll see.
WDQ, I'm a spy line.
Hello.
Yeah, the spy.
Yeah, I don't know if he spoke about you on the radio or not,
but gets us signed off at 10 o'clock today on one of the 3.1.
The buzz.
Really?
What kind of clock they're playing music, they're playing music right at 10.
So I think they started the news.
I think when I listen to the hammer most of the morning.
So I'm glad he's on.
If it was really refreshing and I'm glad you're starting your 10 o'clock time.
And me too.
I was ecstatic here in about that shower between Hank and Tom Brady.
That was pretty, that was quite a bulletin.
And not to talk about your radio station,
but I think they said AT&T wireless when you guys signed on.
There was no such thing anymore.
Yeah, well, we're still working it out with Tom Edison and Alexander Graham Bell.
Have a great day, Pally.
Thanks for the spy report.
So Palm Beach is cutting them off at 10 o'clock too now.
I don't understand what's going on here.
Or did they end to the 10, is that what he said?
Well, they cut them off.
I presume that's what he did.
And they're playing music at 10 o'clock.
Wow.
I think probably in days and weeks to come before much too long.
I think the whole deal, I think maybe what's going to happen is
they'll say, finally, we'll actually,
a Viacom will buy up heavy duty stock in Syrius.
And so they'll be the same company.
And they'll say, OK, you can go ahead and go over to Syrius now.
And we'll get our whole act together here.
We'll figure out who's going to be on it.
In fact, we'll let Greg and the Beasley figure out who's going to be.
They're pretty good at that.
See, obviously, they try to get the mad dog to sign the same crap they tried to get me to do,
which I said, stick it, man.
Stick it where the moon don't shine.
And he's not going to sign that stuff.
Anybody with any of a little teeny ounce of self-respect
isn't going to sign off on 80,000 suspensions and firings.
And if you fart the wrong flavor, they can fire you.
If you mentioned Joyce and a derogate,
if you're not contributing to the harmonious atmosphere of the,
oh, yeah, so we got a thing too.
Oh, yeah, we got a thing for our supper.
WQAM, hello.
Really?
Yes, sir.
They're on right now.
They're on one.
And Tom Beach?
Yeah.
Welcome to the guy said they're playing music at 10 o'clock.
I don't know.
I just looked over there.
OK, thanks.
So we got two.
Which one do you believe?
The first guy said it pretty legit.
I don't know.
That worked the last one.
Do you believe the last one?
They're on right now.
You know, why would they chop them off at 10 o'clock
when they got no problem up there?
They're not puttering the show up with 80 million dumps.
They're not owned by this company.
And they're, it's just a whole different ballgame, you know?
WQAM, that's the bus.
QAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
They are on, man.
I just turned over to.
I'll be damned.
They might have been a commercial breaker, so.
Yeah.
But yeah, they're on.
He's talking about via a common-how to buy them out.
Or who to help those with.
And, you know, they can't get his ass together.
Yeah, well, thank you.
That's why he was perfect on this station,
because you can't either.
OK, thanks a lot, Pally.
All right, but don't forget to be listening to it too,
when we had the battle of the, the battle of the talk show host.
You know, years ago, for you old parts out there,
remember my days at WS News, WNWS.
And I came up with this idea, the battle of the talk show host,
which I thought was a pretty good idea.
And then the light bulb, FTL ripped that off for me.
You idiots, Steve and Norma and all you other idiot,
Rick Spider-Man.
What was that other guy?
Shine, shine bomb, our shine bomb.
Our turn, oh, brother, enjoy Scalfman.
Wow.
Like I said, Craig Worthing was the only real broadcast
that they had in their whole lineup.
And of course, they had him jammed on their late at night
with Al Knight.
Oh, boy, I'm going to have to restrain myself.
But anyway, so I came up with the idea,
where the whole day of programming would just be all the talk
host taking shifts and sitting around in a panel,
around the table and debating and arguing
and bitching each other out.
And it was, it was fun.
It was good radio.
So at two today, we're going to have the QM version of that.
Only it's not going to be a whole bunch of people.
It's just going to be two guys,
which interestingly enough was the adult and broadcast,
radio broadcast tandem, the last two, three years.
And that's Mohawar Davided on the left.
Absolutely.
And Jim Mad Dog, man, it's on the right.
And we'll see who wants to do in two to four.
I'll get to that story.
But there's no hurry now that we got the whole four hours back.
And we got these nice long breaks today.
In fact, we actually got our breaks back.
Give us a break. Give us a break.
And they give us two of them.
How do you like that?
Well, they give us our breaks back in a shower.
We got like all this business on the log.
I think we've turned the corner now.
As far as after two o'clock, I mean,
Hank has fallen there in the morning.
What solid.
Not that the big old dude, five to seven this morning?
That's what I understand.
Okay. So the big, who's good at that hour
the more when everybody is sleeping, man,
he's dynamite when you're asleep.
And then Hank who sounded to Chipper and Awaken,
the Lurton that were static to have in there,
he's on seven or ten.
And then we're 10 to two.
And then after that, good luck to you.
Which I think will probably engender
another humongous listening.
And the audience, I'm sure, is naked.
I don't actually just have publicity stuff.
I know.
Because I went through the same thing with them
for four months, which was finally an arrow down
to two of the worst weeks of my life,
including a week that I was supposedly on vacation,
which if anybody calls that a vacation,
I call it a nervous breakdown.
Thanks to Greg and Joyce and Carolyn Beasley
and the other Beasley's.
And a bunch of crazy people, basically.
Oh, well, we want you to, and these people really believe.
I mean, when I say I'm just in for the money,
that's the truth.
But there isn't any amount of money,
unless it's got a whole bunch of zeros on it,
that's going to give me the sign,
the kind of crap that they wanted me to sign.
And to do the same thing with Manage, obviously.
Because I heard him, again, maybe it was on Thursday,
who was saying about, well, legal is going to get back to you,
legal is going to be, in other words,
the contract, it wasn't a done deal.
And I'm going to tell you something right now.
I don't want to stick my nose into anybody else's business.
But if they let Mad Dog and the dolphins both get away,
you can close the bar and door, boys and girls.
This way our toast.
Hopefully the Virgin Mary or Jesus will be on our piece of toast
so we can cash in on it. We'll need it.
New format.
1013 at 560 WQA M IRS tax problems that way
of ruining all aspects of your life, just like QA M.
They take a toll on you financially,
physically and emotionally, just like QA M.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems.
They come back every morning when you wake up
in a cold sweat.
CPAs in you buck walled and the buck walled tax
for them will help end your IRS problems forever
and give you back peace of mind,
which is why other top CPA law firms
are further clients to the buck walled tax firm
when they have problems with the old IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all your unfound tax returns prepared
even if you lost all your records.
And maybe you got an IRS lien.
They wade's levy.
You know, like we've been working on the levy.
I used to know a guy named Saul Levy.
Old payroll taxes and penalties.
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you.
Oh, need time to pay whatever the deal might be.
The buck walled tax firm can help you out.
They offer a free initial consultation,
affordable and guaranteed fees,
and immediate if not sooner or later from IRS or Rasmussen to
and best of all, you never even have to meet with the IRS.
The buck walled tax firm handles all meetings and discussions
so you never even have to be there.
You don't have to show up.
Call them today and get the old monkey off your back.
954-575-2800.
That's 954-575-2800
with your 10,000-a million-ranthing in between the IRS taxes.
The buck walled tax firm will help you out.
Call them today for that free consultation
or visit them on the way,
at www.irsfreeden.com
and stop worrying about the IRS knocking down that front door.
954-575-2800.
The IRS turns your wheel Rogers mornings in the ditch
and scores a run of cloth at the price of $2,000.
Still Rogers, I'd.
So dim in my down, you're driving too fast.
It's just a road, and I'm down, you're my best,
but I'm spreading out and getting mellow.
Do-do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do, do-do.
Do-do-do, shayons around, which hard you sleep.
My ghost was shokin' a cop shatter me.
What could they want from this old kiddy?
I'm just shitting him,
so could it do me.
What?
He'd drive from the vehicle.
No, who I am?
I'm a god for y'all, where a kid brings me.
Take that big glass of our shatter.
No fool.
Come over to the showers and to check out Tom Brady and Hank Goldberg naked together.
It's 10, 17, and 5, so we got Anacorn Ahoyah on our big
occurring today.
These are Dr. Pictures.
Brand new, brand new, breaking news.
Breaking news on the neo-rodjus.com website.
Anacorn Ahoyah start naked almost, not really.
Well, that's the best we got.
That's a whole bunch of no.
Right.
Those are necessary to make sure that it's her because
we got Bergwaz before because of that photographer.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Somebody else's right.
Right.
What do you mean we got burned once before?
We were burned.
We didn't put it on there, but the world.
We, the world were burned.
Right.
Well, what there was is doing.
Especially on our website.
We'll put any crap on there that we feel like putting on there.
Fox News can go on here and make up stories and lie like hell.
Why can't we just make up a bunch of crap?
Because we have an amazing story about Katz and Harrison at plane.
So anyway, here's the new poll.
We got the Anacorn Ahoyah.
A whole bunch of pictures, which, you know,
there's no booby shots, but it's best.
And she didn't get married to Enrique.
I'll be pleased to know.
She's still an eligible like a lady.
Where was God?
They've had 87,000 of these stupid-ass discussions on TV,
including the one between Bush,
a one and Clinton on Larry King.
So unacceptable.
Just exactly the kind of problem you respect from the God squad, you know?
Well, you know, you have to keep your faith in them.
Yeah, right.
Just like the survivors, oh, well, it was an active God.
Well, what about the 150,000 people that didn't survive, huh?
Like all these prayer vigils.
Well, who are they praying to?
Do you understand that?
No.
Where was it that I said they had a big prayer vigil on the beach?
Not down there, but somewhere over the weekend.
They're praying for God to comfort the survivors.
Oh, I see.
In other words, comfort the survivors of all those people
that you let the croaker, maybe you caused the croaker.
And people just got washed away.
Just kind of like, what's your name?
What's your name?
Natalie Wood.
Oh.
Yeah, she just got kind of, went out with the wash, you know?
Where was God when the tsunami disaster struck?
That's our poll question today.
I got five choices for you.
Planning the outcome of football games.
He must have had a lot of time doing that
because all of these jocksmen are always pointing up to the sky.
And without God's help, I couldn't really,
a court-warner and that deal, that type.
By the way, I'm really worried about that game this weekend, man.
I'm really concerned about the, you know what I'm saying, John?
And you should be.
I need you to say that.
Be afraid.
I'm not just saying kind of waffle when they ask him a little bit.
Do you think it was kind of like, well, the dolphin, the dolphins.
The pictures just were a lot of points.
And the cults just were a lot of points.
A little waffle there, Humper.
But nevertheless, when it comes down to gambling, you know, it's tough.
Oh, that's right.
Well, that's true.
That's the point that Hank approaches every game
within any sport is the gambling, which is fine.
I don't gamble on football because it's just, I mean,
it's stressful enough when you were a real fan of a team, for me at least.
And if I had a big bet on the game,
I think I probably croaked in the middle of the game.
All right.
Where was God with the tsunami disaster struck?
Maybe he was planning the outcome of the game on Sunday.
I can only hope that he was on top,
Brady side because he sure looks a lot better than Sandy,
Faton, Manning.
I'll tell you that.
But what that wounded secondary,
Hank's right about that.
They've been faking their way through for weeks now,
what that depleted secondary.
And when you got like Earthwind,
Morland and Trive Brown back there,
and not to mention Randall Gay.
Planning the outcome of football games on vacation.
God was on vacation.
It was that time of the year.
It was like Christmas New Year week, December 26, right?
So let me know.
He might have been for the Christmas.
Everybody else was on vacation.
God caused it to punish the infidels,
which there are some fanatical allunatics.
Christians is mostly saying that.
God is the figment of man's creation,
or there is only one God.
Deal God.
There is only...
Deal God.
Like he said in the Exodus,
it's Father Miran.
There is only one.
Remember that?
I like that.
There's only one.
I don't know why I liked it,
but it was just an interesting line.
All we made some bad mistakes again over the weekend.
It's like, oof, factor again.
Every time we have like a little military adventure.
Oh yeah, I like that.
Oh, there's a guy.
All these soldiers that die from so-called friendly fire.
How can it be friendly fire?
Somebody blows your crap away, right?
That's a very interesting term.
Yeah, look, friendly fire.
U.S. raid hits wrong Iraqi target.
Oop.
An American aristocrat...
Ken Ram has me in that Chinese embassy.
Yep. Oops.
Yeah.
But that...
Well, we had some old maps.
Those new maps are expensive itself.
Plus, they don't give out of the gas names
as anymore like they used to.
An American aristocrat in the northern
Iraqi city of Mosul
is hit the wrong target.
The U.S. military admits the bomb demolished the house in
Atheah.
Whatever the hell that is, Atheah.
Killing 14 people according to local officials.
The U.S. said five, but the local people said,
uh-uh, 14.
The military said, oh, this is my favorite.
The military said it deeply regrets the loss
of possibly innocent lives
and promised an investigation.
Just like the one at Abu Gharr...
Yeah.
All Iraqis are presumed guilty, though.
You know, because they attacked us.
That's right.
They shouldn't have done that.
Even though we are trying to emancipate them
with those very important elections coming up in 20 days.
On January...
About 30, man.
30.
Several thousand U.S. troops have been sent to the Mosul area
recently to help quell the anti-US insurgency ahead of elections.
That'll teach them the BBC's gym you were in bagged ads
since the bombing incident is an embarrassing admission
by U.S. forces who have been accused of killing many
civilians during recent military operations in Iraq,
especially in the Sunni Muslim city of Fallujah in November.
And then we had the police chief who is...
We got a whole bunch more dead people.
That's all I can tell you today.
I mean, why didn't go through it now?
Nobody cares anymore.
Everybody's just a number on a page somewhere.
And the Iraqis really make the number out
because who cares about them anyway?
Even O'Feedham-Jana March.
We just don't care about them.
It's March the right over.
Oh, look at who's leading the poll so far.
Why the where was God during the tsunami?
They all God.
There's only...
They all God.
Now let's get out of the nitty gritty, shall we?
Or should we do the break?
Because once we get to this, I just...
I don't know.
Well, I'll save that for after the break.
Let's do this one.
You can tease it.
Tease this.
Mississippi Libraries banned the Daily Show book.
Oh, America, grow up.
Gulfport, Mississippi.
Library officials in two southern Mississippi counties
have banned John Stewart's best-selling America the book.
Over these rhetorical textbooks
nude the picture of the nine US Supreme Court justices.
I've been a librarian for 40 years.
This is the only book I've rejected too.
So strongly that I wouldn't allow it to circulate
said Robert Willitz, director of the Jackson George Regional Library
system of eight libraries in Jackson and George County.
We're not an adult bookstore.
Our entire collection is open to the entire public.
Willitz said, if they had...
I wonder if he's kind of Kathy Willitz.
If they had published a book without that one picture
that one page we'd have the book.
Walmart, your friends at Walmart have declined to stock the book
because of this page, which features the faces of nine Supreme Court
justices and superimposed over naked bodies.
But we've got to get that.
We'll put that on our website.
We've got to have that immediately with not sooner.
I have the book.
So I can like to get it.
Yeah, get it on there.
All right then.
You have the book?
I do.
Well, I'll be then.
That's all it.
How about the book?
The facing page has cut out to the Justice's Robe's complete
with a caption asking readers to restore their dignity
by matching East Justice with his or her respective robe.
The book by Stuart and the writers of the Daily Show,
the Comedy Central, the one with all and cigarette burns on it.
That's Clarence Token, Thomas.
They're not really cigarette burns,
but they look like cigarette burns.
The book by Stuart and the writers of his day,
the Daily Show, the Comedy Central Fake News Programmy,
host was released in September.
It's been 15 weeks of the New York Times bestseller list
for a hardcover nonfiction.
I was named Book of the Year by Publishers Weekly,
the industry-tayed the Trade Magazine.
Former English teacher, Tara Scalton,
the ocean springs at the library,
shouldn't decide what's in poor taste.
It just really seemed kind of silly to me.
She said, I don't think these Supreme Court
justices have filed any defamation
of character or level suits.
It's humor.
It's humor, lighten up, you mugwumps,
and Mississippi, okay?
I have no life.
I think it's great.
I think they find that guy,
they arrested that, what that was,
his name, that Killin Guy.
Who's the killer?
From Mississippi Burning.
Oh, that's a nice way to get these.
It's like, yeah, it's been a seven-year-old guy.
Actually, yeah, for either you were crying late.
Once you have a redneck.
When we kill him, it better be painful.
Yeah, I sure hope so.
In fact, let's volunteer to go down here
and take him out in the woods.
It would be good.
What was that mob movie where they took the guy out
in the woods?
And then the other middleist crawls.
The middleist crawls.
They're there.
Oh, my memories, this could be a good week, boys and girls.
I come on up, here's our schedule for today.
F***.
It's a Morse code.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're hearing the schedule in Morse code.
In fact, I think it sums it up better.
Yeah.
Just stay tuned and make us thought out, maybe not.
We just don't know.
I know this is the epitome of embarrassment.
We'll look into all of those stories right after the break.
26 after 10 to 5, 60, WQIM.
We got, um, at two.
And then, um, at four.
And then at seven, it's coming up, too.
Right now it's time to talk about acceptance capital
mortgages and everyone's main man, Anthony Kelliando,
whether you're buying a new house or just refinancing,
looking to get cash out or just paint down your debt.
Acceptance capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done.
And who don't like getting done?
Acceptance capital specializes in any situation.
They'll get it done.
What others can't?
100% financing, auction arms, new construction loans,
investor and commercial properties.
Check out acceptance capital stress-free mortgage payment program
that lets you pick from four payment coupons
based on your financial situation for that month
with the PICAPA program.
No income verification is necessary.
Be sure and pick a good one.
And your credit score doesn't determine your approval
like all other programs because
at acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes
bad things happen to good people.
And most cases you can pull out cash, pay off all your debts,
and still pay for less free mortgage payment every month.
So call Anthony Kelliando at acceptance capital two day
and find out why he's just about everybody's main man.
That's acceptance capital mortgage.
Call him today and get some cash
called toll free one, trivelate 483 loan.
That's one, 888 483 L-O-A-N.
The choice needs to be a new law, Jesus.
Exclusively.
On 560, 3-A-M.
Wednesday.
You've heard it's reviver.
We're 16 complete strangers
trying to live on a remote island together.
Well, that's just the beginning.
Introducing Survivor.
The Disfunctional Celebrity Series.
Watch is America's favorite tabloid star
sure if they have what it takes to survive together
in the South Pacific.
Disfunctional Celebrity Survivor.
The Disfunctional Celebrity Survivor.
So are M&M.
John Rocker.
Halle Berry.
Bobby Brown.
Whitney Houston.
Elliott Gonzalez.
Kathy Lee Giver.
Larve Alver.
Sean Coffee Co.
And many more.
Toon In is John Rocker and Elliott
work to make a bamboo raft.
M&M hunts wild animals with an empty
nine millimeter pistol.
Awesome.
See, I'm not eating no bugs.
You eat them.
Whitney Houston finds a new way to send
smoke signals.
Bobby needs an help.
And, watch his hailey berry
crashes the survivor's sand boogie.
Disfunctional Celebrity Survivor.
Right after an old man's vector, CBS tonight.
Some people say hailey berry.
I remember Haley's comment.
I remember Bill Haley and the comments.
I don't know.
Haley Berry.
Do you know?
I know Berry Berry from all fall down
with Warren Beatty and Brandon Wilde
and Carl Maldon in that big round nose.
He was good Carl Maldon, wouldn't he?
Yes, he was.
Although you didn't like streets of San Francisco
because it was a cop.
But he ain't Michael.
See, that was before Michael Legros
decided he was a sex symbol and a genius
and all this other stuff.
I used to like him better, a lot better back then
when he was a little humble.
Speaking of humble, here's how the polls come in so far.
Where was God when they tsunami disaster struck?
22 people say there was only God.
God is the treatment man's creation.
20.
Planning the outcome of football game.
God caused it to punish the infidels.
10 and on vacation three.
That's 71 votes.
Shouldn't we also put one like God doesn't interfere?
Sure.
How do we word that?
You know what you know I'm saying?
People say, oh God, you did what you will.
We could just put it in natural event.
So what does that have to do with God?
It was an adjure.
What did he do with that?
How can he not have anything to do with it when he's omniscient?
He knows everything that's going to happen ahead of time.
How can he not have anything to do with it?
You see, that's a cop out.
You can't have it both ways.
Why don't we?
If this God or any one of these thousands of gods
that have been invented by man over the years,
if one of these gods exists,
then they knew ahead of time it was going to all happen.
So it's part of God's plan.
The word is always it's part of God's plan.
When you don't want to have a plan.
Oh, El Paso, I'll take a pass on God's plan.
I'll stick with...
Damn, God!
Thank you.
The price is right.
Don't cost me nothing.
And I don't have any bad evil plans for anybody.
Even the evil doers.
I just, you know, my mountain goodness.
So let's pull it on there that's his...
God doesn't interfere.
Okay.
With nature.
That's the dearest point of view.
Okay.
God doesn't interfere with nature.
Yeah.
He's just watching.
He's there.
He's watching.
He's just made.
Or maybe he's laughing his ass off.
I don't know.
Oh, look at all the little humans getting washed away
and drowning and dying over there.
Who knows?
I've often felt that maybe if there were such a thing as a God,
he's like a sadistic bastard,
just a hateful, miserable piece of crap.
Because that's certainly the kind of God
that the Jews in the Glamin vetted.
This wrathful, hateful, his wrath shall wax hot.
Well, how can he be perfect
when he's got his wrath, his waxing hot
and speaking of waxy, by the way, how's Joe Rose doing?
Now, I'm serious that this mad dog thing is getting really...
Can we just move the clock to about 1.45?
We're right here.
I mean, just because the suspense is killing me
and the audience too, I'm sure.
Here's a future pull suggestion that we aren't going to take.
It says, though, you've already done a similar one.
Here we have.
It says, the timing of QAM is right.
What past personality would you like to see back at QAM?
Ferell?
Sweet.
It says,
D-fo, Stern,
Phil Attsman, my vote says, what has that been?
Or what would we do that?
All right, I need those people coming back?
They're last names.
No.
So what would be the point?
I mean, no, we're not that desperate.
We like pull suggestions for not that one.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God was at the big blow out after Christmas sale at Walmart.
Could have been, that's right.
That's right.
He knows a good bargain when he sees one, man.
Oh, well, God could be in Jewish.
He probably can get at wholesale.
Yeah, man.
Never going to.
You too, Pali.
God traps at Walmart.
Another good reason not to go there.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Okay.
All right, I could take some of these.
Go, line nine, QAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
On me?
Okay, let's get to some of these stories.
All right.
No, it's seriously about what's going on with QAM
because this is, I've saved it till right now
because I'm sure a lot of people weren't familiar with the fact
we were starting a 10 today.
It's going to take a while.
How many weeks?
Stop third, man.
So spread the word, everybody.
Run around with a sandwich board on your ass.
So, Neil Rogers back to 10 to 2 on QAM.
Let's see.
Rick says you forget the obvious under the pool today.
God was in George Bush's back pocket.
No, no, thanks.
Don't put that on there now.
The wash.
Gosh is the, uh,
Colts are going to kick the Patriots ass next weekend.
I think that's what you're thinking.
You don't want to say it quite that way,
but I think that's what you feel.
And it could be right.
You are right about that.
I think you're going down.
Well, we lost to a powerhouse like the Dolphin,
so you never know.
Actually, the Patriot performance last,
I don't know, last four or five games,
hasn't been really up to snuff.
Even though they won all but that Dolphin game,
but they just, I don't know.
They're outstanding,
but they're not like they were,
well, look, when a team is battered up,
they're all kinds of injuries.
It's always good to make a lot of excuses ahead of time.
Or a whole second,
there is battered and you've got to go to the throws,
80,000 touchdown passes and scores a billion points.
And how to hook a, uh,
but they play well against the Colts.
They do.
I might remind you of opening game this season.
Wasn't that the opening game when they beat him?
I believe, yeah.
Yeah, I believe so.
So you've got to believe.
Anyway, we'll see.
It ought to be pretty good.
I think that Jets Chargers game was good.
The other night, too.
You stay up and see that.
I did overtime.
Man, that was good.
And then that kid misses the 38 or 9-yard field goal.
Yeah, overtime.
That was, oh man, come on.
What is that?
Well, was that?
You got to kick those baby back in the day
when they were like all those fat old slabs
like Lutito, Groza, for the Browns and Don Cockroft.
Can we say that?
I mean, those guys wouldn't miss a 39-yard field goal.
But over time, it's like a chip shot.
Get out of here, kid.
Yeah, it should be a freebie.
And then I loved the way that they showed the picture.
Who was televising that was it?
I don't remember.
CBS or Fox.
And they showed the picture of the kid.
First of all, they showed him on a sideline.
It really strange.
He looks like the spaceship landed.
Reservant kid.
And they showed the picture.
Or at least it's supposed to be his picture.
And Scott is named next to it.
Whatever the kid's name was.
And it turns out it was the field rule.
Kicker was Jim O'Brien from the Jets.
Did you kick that?
No.
Or was somebody else?
But it wasn't him when they showed the picture.
Anyway, they make mistakes.
And if I hear Al Michaels talk about the bull one more time
or Phil Simms about the sideline, the sideline.
Oh god, Phil Simms is the anti-Christ.
I hate him.
I hear his voice.
I want to let kill somebody.
Anyway, here we go.
Get ready.
Strike yourselves in.
In case you missed these incredible stories over the weekend,
there were more than these, but I'll stick to these two.
Angry about new contract.
Maddage considers 790.
Oh my god.
That would be the worst event in the history of the human race.
Worst in WW2.
Worst in the tsunami.
Be the worst event in the history of mankind.
When you agree, it'd be bad.
It'd be bad if that happened.
And I know why it's happening.
And that again is because of Joyce,
Joyce, who in partnership with certain other individuals
that we don't need to actually even mention by name.
Yeah.
See, he pretends to make deals with people,
and then Joyce and other cohorts over there
at corporate beastly headquarters in Naples.
Then they start rewriting the contract.
Oh, well, we want everybody to sign this.
Well, guess what, honey?
The chance on a scale of a million to it and none.
Less than none.
And he's not going to sign it either.
The same crap they try to force me to sign.
Anyway, here's the history.
Who wrote this?
Very Jackass.
And wouldn't you know that very Jackass
would be the one guy that did that?
In between peanut butter and baloney and cheese sandwiches.
By the way, it's trademarked very baloney and cheese.
Okay, you're going to burn in hell.
You little piece of dirt.
Did you ever see him?
Nope.
Oh, God.
You know, he used to call himself the couch potato.
If anybody is the couch potato, it's very Jackass.
And I do believe Mommy still drives into work every day
at the Herald.
The WQM soap opera continues to turn out
surprises very rights on Saturday.
A day after reaching an agreement in principle
to remain the WQM, Jim Manditch is again
considering an offer from a 790 ESPN radio.
Oh, my God.
After taking issue with a contract,
the WQM drew up an easy to understand,
my dog.
Don't sign it.
Manditch, who on Thursday decided to host
a 4 to 7 PM talk show beginning Monday today,
said WQM on Friday gave him a 19 page
owner-respectful, restricted document
that surprised me and bears no resemblance
to the shorter document I've operated
on the past eight years.
All I can say to that is, diddo,
try to pull the same crap with me.
There is no reason why anybody,
like I said, with any talent,
any self-respect is going to sign
an owner-risk document like that that gives them,
I mean, they can fire you like for,
you have no reason.
No reason.
Right.
If they wake up cranky anymore and they look
at you cross-eyed or the other way around,
you're fired to do it.
You know, which is a hell of a way to treat the talent.
See, I hate to break the news to you,
Joyce, but people don't listen to WQM
for the Joyce Fitch show,
for the Greg Reed show,
for the Water Nazi show,
for the Bruce Beasley show,
for the Carolyn Beasley,
they tune in for the talent.
And I realize we may be a pain in the ass,
but the fact of the matter is all these mistakes
that have been made would scop for Raoul and Hower Stern,
the talent didn't make those decisions.
We had done to do with that.
So why don't you put those things
in the contract of your management?
They're the people that have been screwing the deal up
and jeopardizing the station's license.
Anyway,
Mandit said he would not report.
This is the part that,
and very seriously,
we still have the schedules.
It's got a big question mark on the page.
Mandit said he would not report
to his new shift,
Monday,
but would show up to do the 2 p.m. show
that his current contract stipulates.
Howard David did it, did it,
had been scheduled to work that 2 to 4 shifts
at the beginning today,
with high gov switching to more in 7 to 10,
which of course did happen.
That potentially could leave two people reporting
for the same shift at 2 p.m. today
and an opening to fill at 4 p.m.
Whoever heard in a history of this business,
whoever heard us such madness,
ESPN Radio 790,
meanwhile, is expected to continue
quoting Mandit.
If he goes to 790,
Mandit should remain the Dolphins radio analyst
of the team moves its games from QM,
as is widely expected.
He would also do a talk show probably at early afternoon.
Mandit has been the Dolphins radio analyst
for the past 13 years,
but it's unlikely 790 officials
would agree to allow new games under station
and a talk show on QM.
So, I mean, you stop and think about it.
Okay, they're jerking him around,
which they should have sent a limousine
with a new contract.
They should have sent it right up to the door
and sent the guy up there.
With a gold plated pen and said,
here, Mr. Mad Dog,
a sign right here,
it's the same deal we've had before
with a lot more money
and you're going to do for it or something.
And that's it.
And get it over with already.
It's said, like trying to torture the troops
is what you're doing over there,
Joyce, you're torturing the troops
you lunatic, you maniac.
Pack it up and go back to Virginia
or Maryland,
where they're from before it's too late, Joyce.
You're killing all of us.
You're the goose that laid the golden egg
or she's killing it, whatever the hell she is.
But of course, you know what Joyce says.
You can't pass up a goose.
Oh, you're going to get here.
I know exactly when he's going through, man.
See, Greg Reed, he tells you one thing.
We got to deal.
He shakes your ears and everything's all set.
And then come time to sign
and he plays hide and seek, runs away
because over there in corporate,
they got different ideas.
Oh, yeah, they got to protect themselves.
They got to cover their ass after all the mistakes
that they've been making.
And so as a result, the rest of us have to
put our ass out there, like, right in the firing line, okay?
We'll just show up like at a Monday morning
and they can shoot us
is what it's said and if they feel like it.
If they have a bad bullet grits in the morning
or something that rhymes with grits,
if they have those two,
then we just show up and they can shoot us.
That's about how ridiculous it is.
The most ass and eye, the most restricted,
the most outrageous, the most,
the most hideous pile of crap
that I've ever heard in my life.
And I've already been through it, like I said.
My whole vacation was spent with phone calls, hysterical,
Norma Kent and Joyce Fitzgernaz,
one back and forth and back and forth and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
and oh, please don't send the signing bonuses back.
We want to get you.
If you want to get it done,
then do it in the first place
instead of playing this dog and pony game, okay?
We don't deserve that.
I'm going to tell you right now,
there are three people, basically,
as far as the audiences go and soon.
There are three people
that this radio station is all about,
the O'Rodgers, Jim Mandage, Hank Goldberg.
Those are the three.
And to everything else is,
and not to knock anybody else,
but everything else is window dressing, okay?
Is there any debate about that?
Nope.
That's QAM, right, freaking there,
right in front of your face, Joyce,
bitch, hey horse racing fans and poker players,
Pompadot Park Racing and Pokers,
your place to be for great gambling action.
Pompadot Park features free admission,
free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room
will open every Monday, like today,
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon,
live racing gets underway,
nightly at 7.25 p.m.
In fact, don't slap all the way to Palm Beach,
Hank's, I'd grab up to Pompadot Park
and plunge your guts out.
Don't forget every Monday night,
there's a two for $25 dinner special
at the top of the park rest.
Right?
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft
your soda hot dogs and more at the track.
And best of all,
my personal favorite,
the first Monday of every month
is free spaghetti dinner night.
Now that was last Monday night.
Don't go there night looking for your freebie
because it's the first Monday of every month.
Free spaghetti dinner night.
Pompadot Park harness is also open every day
for cymbal casting,
seven days nights a week with the best
in harness racing through a bread
and a highlight action fall across North America
for you to watch and plunge your lungs on.
Pompadot Park, a block set of Atlantic Boulevard
and Powerline Road for the new racing schedule.
Go online at Pompadot Park.com or call them at 9-5-4-972-2000.
Don't forget,
Polkara Room is open at noon today,
post-time tonight for the first race at Pompadot Park,
7-25 in the PM.
All the things that need to be all righteous,
that's glue-civilized,
and by the 16th.
You can't get it.
Oh my god!
Hey, Faro.
By the way, sir,
I've been giving it some thought.
See?
Oh, what he think it is.
I know that me and you can do much better
go with six to ten
and not in five
a Gentile in the cranky jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you're really glad
out of your mind
you're not a happy, we're we bad.
I'm so excited.
No chance of always show it to you.
I'd rather die
with the graphics and your dirt.
Why, I'll help you
know that I'm a big
lucky jewel
of Brooklyn High.
I've been rich
and I have very
muddy but you
you're not my type.
Me and Maul just have
wood blows.
No way that if we had a fight
that you'd survive
would want a dear Gentile
and for she'd fight
that's happy to get there.
No would do with me
for me
is much better
six to ten
not five
it's only right
that I should get
more sleep tonight
I think we might
be happy to get there.
What's left
happy to get there?
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
What's left
1049 11 me 411 at 560 WDQM
where we don't know which side is up
and who's on first.
Anyway, here's a fast that says
this is from Chip.
In a conversation with my
oldest daughter, the Baptist
pastor's wife,
I explained that New Year's Eve
was no celebration this past
December 31st because of the sadness
from over
150,000 eminence children swept away
from the tsunami the week before.
I asked her where her God was that day
and she explained that God has given the world
over to man and doesn't control these events
and everything is perfect only in the afterlife with God.
I answered that on the day
the tsunami disaster.
Her God was a perfect
uh
uh
uh
Cool it says.
How do you like that?
Excellent job, Chip.
You're right on your chip off the old block.
How do we add that other one about God
doesn't interfere?
I don't think we added that.
Did we?
Josh.
No, it's okay.
It is?
Yes it is.
God doesn't interfere with nature.
How come it's not on my uh computer?
It's not on my either.
I'm telling you right now I'm looking at it.
I'm looking at it.
I feel so much better about that game next week
because whatever you say you're full of crap.
Okay.
That's the second time I'm not knowing two shows
that you like uh didn't enter it.
No, no.
Last time I didn't submit it.
Right.
When you do this kind of thing.
I'm looking at it in the options.
Well guess what?
I got five options here in the same five we started with.
How about you, George?
Same five.
I hate to do it.
Yeah.
I hate to break the news to you Mr.
computer expert.
But I think there's like a
chigger in your wood pile.
How do you better check your pile?
I've refreshed it all bunches.
Yeah I did too.
I thought that maybe it was me.
You know it's always me being the old computer
illiterate fart that I am but I'm not too bad on it.
Anyway too bad speaking at old Farx we can't play that uh thing.
All right now we're going to put that on our website.
Good.
I don't think we're ready.
It's uh short and sweet.
Yeah it's great.
Again.
Oh if we got all kinds of videos on there
I didn't even realize which I didn't think we were doing that anymore.
We got John Stewart on Crossfire which is old
but that's cute right by demand everybody kept bringing it up you know
well there it is.
A hubbub.
It's on there and then of course we got 75 pictures of Anna Cornel Hoya
doing Enrique the Graciest.
Uh Hank Goldberg then now this is by Jim Sarni from the Sun
Semmel.
Oh here's his take.
Hank Goldberg found the inflammatory words from a 790 ESPN radio I'm using.
It was odd since they offered me the 4 p.m. slot on our station last week said
Goldberg who chose to stay thank the Lord thank
thank God.
At QAM and move to mornings.
Joel Feinberg the president and CEO of Prime Time Media Group which owns ESPN
radio and rest Goldberg's moved Thursday we had this code for
on Friday but it bears repeating he said if the hammer is going to run
from Dan LaBaster than Stu Gods and things he can get ahead start on Joe Rose
by starting at 7 a.m.
then the big dog will get on least at 7 a.m.
They asked me what it would take to get me to come over and they made a
significant offer said Goldberg was been trouncing Dan LaBaster to show
ESPN radio in the Nielsen trend.
Now it's not Nielsen trends Jim Sarni Nielsen does television
not radio you silly old grizzled fart man are you and he's exactly what I'm
telling he is he wouldn't know a rating book if you stuck it up his fat ass
in the Nielsen trends there were some dialogue oh this is so acute in
other words they try to say that Hank moved
the morning because he's running away from the stiff competition Dan LaBaster
and Stu Gods which is the biggest joke of the century and on the meantime
they were offering Hank the 4 to 7 slot.
There were some dialogues at Alan Brown vice president communication for
ESPN radio that's all we want to say of course it's all you want to say because
it's embarrassing because you look even more stupid than he did before thank god
you got for you that you got us for competition you got us that doesn't know
who's gonna be on a two o'clock today whoever heard us as a thing it's 10 53
in the morning you know where your announcers are and you know what they're
gonna be on and how about promote even the minnesum
undoubtedly as he's been to everybody I mean who now wants to drive all the way
down from Boka to be there at two o'clock when come to find out maybe he's
gonna be doing 4 to 7 right right because if man dog see legally they haven't
got to like to stand on because if his correct contract calls from to do two to
four and he isn't sound the new deal he'll do two to four if he wants if he wants
to play old country hardball is Joe Dodgerola would say back in the day old country hardball
and he will don't sign it man dog they'll they'll cave if they haven't
already that bitch joy showcase they'll be on a phone like they were with me
with my lawyer oh well we what what do we need to do to get the
Neil the Sun what do we we don't send those checks back right see they really
believe that they can force us they can coerce us that we're like all
desperate others they couldn't find another job if our life depended on it and
the meantime every all three of us have been courted by other
institutions okay organizations you don't know what you've gotten
to lose it Ralph Donner said that you better get it joysticks
you've got joysticks come lately see that's another thing
she comes trotting in there in the middle of a whole situation hasn't got any
idea who's on first what the whole place is all about what the inside of radio station looks like
yeah she would know a radio again if you stuck it right under desk and turned it on for her
where was God when they tsunami disaster struck over 150 000 people died for no reason at all
182 votes there's only
they don't got 61 said that God is a figure of man's creation 58
planning he was planning the outcome of football games 36
please say a brock of her time ready a god a roo
a roo 5.5 and oh give me the ball give me the ball
God caused it to punish the infidel 21 as right back in the biblical times that's
what they all used to think all of the god was yeah unleashing his wrath that's why we had
to take of the locust and we had hurricane right and we had tsunamis and we had
tourists and we had all these things because god was punishing man just the rest of
a bunch of innocent people got in the way too bad is all those pain in the as-innocent
bystanders all throughout history they've been a real uh... uh... uh...
chigger in a wood pile good thing people don't believe that crap anymore
let's see god was on vacation for and god doesn't interfere with nature suddenly
pop that button is gotta appear let's take some calls all i got a huge pile
i got a big pile they were back to tend to this much we know the big oh oh five
to seven he's really brock solid five to seven
to that hand can never be deleted but that's what we got
thanks seven to ten we're back to ten to starting today and uh... the spirary
forts and it's uh... how it's probably well he might still be on for all we know
on the pombi ten the bus we'll find out he's gone from qa and then uh... two o'clock
your guess is good as mine and it's almost eleven o'clock in the morning we still have no
we have no schedule we have no word we have no announcement we have no
nothing is what we got w a m or a motto is we got squad
sure listening to you Roger
you
bit of waste
would give thought
No one is not.
Are you a...
You...
You...
And another thing, you're the loser to me, you're the loser to me, you're the loser to me,
Yeah, what about you?
The whole why I hate you?
What do I hate you?
I cannot be in you.
I wanna die.
I want to see a picture of you.
No, go, don't be so cold.
Be in a cold night.
And boy, boy, I'm cold.
Why you why you're a smak you?
Then I know my smell attract you.
But unlike that you, you still got such a...
I feel just like that you are my different.
And what do you do another?
That's why you are so much better.
That's why you are so much better.
That's why you are so much better.
You can't wait till it's all by...
Most of cause most back in our daily life now we think we're not exactly sure where we're going to put...
Get out of the way from post time until o'clock and we still have no idea which horses are in the race.
So call the jockey's room, let's see.
God and Miami writes, this is God about my tsunami, my bad.
Well thanks for your screw up.
God seems to continue doing that.
That's another good choice to pull Josh.
I should get Ron there right away, I'm sure after whatever you didn't do before.
That's right.
God keeps screwing up.
How's that?
I mean we could...
God is in it.
But then God keeps screwing up.
Or God screwed up again.
However you want to put it on there.
This as long as it gets under and some form would be nice.
Let's take 3, 4,000 calls today because this is a real fine mess that the beesleaves have gotten us into.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hey Neil, I heard you talking earlier, you know the station needs to know it.
If they switch Matt Dog out of there and they put him over on 790, we're still going to listen to him.
We're just going to switch over to another station and they'll lose out.
Right, of course.
If they lose him and the office, I think the party's over, man, turn out the lights.
We'll turn in for you but I can't imagine what else I turn in and listen for.
Right.
I heard you talking earlier about Phil Lapsman.
You guys work in construction.
I saw him on TV wearing a hard hat.
So last month.
Yeah, I heard that call.
Maybe he was directing something.
Okay, maybe.
56670560, 0560 on, I think, for Ryzen.
Yeah, I do.
And singular wireless line.
I remember.
Line 9, QAM, hello.
Hola.
Hola.
Hola.
Yeah.
Back at ya.
Thanks for coming.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Call him up and I'm asking for a date.
WDQA, hello.
How you doing, Pally?
Good.
Hey, the day of the tsunami, God was playing golf at OJ.
Maybe he was in our God, the QM cheerity golf tournament.
That could have been it.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
We get the other one on there.
God doesn't interfere with nature 18.
That's a good excuse.
God keeps screwing up this one on there.
226 votes.
The God squad.
This is one you're going to have to answer for.
Why do these horrible things happen to obviously innocent people that were just around the beach?
Just trying to have a life innocent.
They were Muslims and Buddhists.
Oh, I forgot.
That's right.
Heathens, infanels.
They had the wrong head year on.
Maybe that was a lot of Westerners.
They don't have like a nice beanies on them.
They get for patronizing.
I got a great story about the Kabbalah leader.
Sixes are a rat-tooth-type.
Your, you know, your pants are too long.
Well, all of a sudden they're crap.
I belong to a 30-set.
Oh, God.
It's just so, oh, an SAO God.
Damn, God.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, I enjoyed the first installment of Hammer and Eggs in the morning.
So, they're really good.
But I also enjoyed the two thumbs that they had to come hang this morning on.
They did?
They did.
Twice, because they said, I don't know.
All right, whatever he said.
Okay, well, they dumped it there.
Let's not have an instant replay, okay?
Although it is a sports thing.
I think the audience should understand that certain sports individuals around the building.
I picked up the scuttle butt on Friday.
We're running around going,
oh, see, this is great that they're putting a hang on there in the morning.
We're getting rid of Stern.
This has to be a pure sports station.
The only thing I would like to point out to them,
I don't want to mention Ray Perry by name or anybody else,
because Ray's basically a pretty good guy.
But definitely, see, the thing of it is, Ray,
if the dolphins go across the street,
you think they're going to keep you around just giving up Marlon tickets?
I don't think that's going to work out, Ray.
I mean, Phil Coston, at least, understood what radio was all about,
including non-sports radio.
Remember those days?
I do.
I mean, if I had to choose between Phil Coston and Ray Perry,
no content.
No, that's bad.
I shouldn't be saying that.
Of course, if I had signed that new deal that they wanted me to sign,
I could be fired right now for saying that.
Right.
For disrespectingly sports fraternity establishment there.
But that was the general scuttle butt, I guess, is that,
you see, this is what happens when QAN tried to do something other,
although I would point out very quickly that the top-rated show on this radio station,
which you're listening to right now for the last seven years,
is it's only non-sports show.
A nine.
Only a very limited kind of human being would consider such a thing of possibility.
And I'll say it again, if sports were the barometer factor,
if it was the subject matter, then the fan would have kicked ass,
then RFX, Fox, Stupid Sports 940 would have kicked out of the herder.
Both of which were in peace by the way, they're both long gone.
And like I said, last week, seven ID's got no story, man.
They got Joe Rose.
That's it.
They got him.
He is the whole station.
People listen because of the strength of the personalities.
They listen for a hang, they listen for the mad dog.
And if that were the gay, if, I mean, why have you wasted my time going through it?
It's a radio 101.
And these people are too stupid to understand that.
These sports and their jock-sniffing goofballs,
lifeless losers that we got running around there.
Very sad.
So I hope everything works out for you, Ray.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Yeah, pretty soon he's going to start hating this as much as many bill does.
WMQAM, hello.
Hi, and the eye, Ray, what's up?
That's Phil.
Okay, Ray, when Joe's get lost, WMQAM, hello.
He's doing bad voices, Ray, you know what?
Lately.
WMQAM, hello.
Uncle Leo, God.
Yes, sir.
You know, from an advertising perspective,
trying to place advertising on a station with all this screw up,
I mean, never really ever talks about that.
Yeah.
And it's impossible.
Once upon a time, you know, when you would be off,
and George was on, I didn't know George was on.
You know, the rate was the same, and my good friend, I would say,
oh, yeah, by the way, he's not going to be here this weekend.
And now that I got to know George, it's like, okay,
no problem, pay the same rate.
But now you have absolutely no idea, forget it.
The station rates don't change.
You don't know who's going to be where.
Right.
And of course, they don't share that with anybody ahead of time.
Now, how about the maintenance switch,
where people were running when Stern's show,
and this show, that overlap, when he was going on to, like,
11 o'clock, them 15, 10, 55.
Who's spots are running where?
Yeah, maybe, oh, with that, you never know.
You know, they give you an invoice.
If you have the month, they say spots ran within 15 minutes of these times.
Right.
And for those of us in the, well, nameless face in this business,
they try to make a living, right?
They try to have a few shackles to rub together.
You know, it's really an issue.
And you try to place, and we don't go through an agency,
we try to place, you know, X amount with you,
X amount with Hank here and there.
And nothing shows up where it's supposed to know,
and let you know what's going on.
Then when you ask a question, they plead ignorance as well.
Well, I think they're going to be sending you a special message
that's going to say, just send us the F and money is what it's going to say.
They're really granted to.
They just expect, they just give me my Mr. Send in a money.
And if you run, it's a blessing, you know.
They got a big right to say on that.
I do have to say thank you to George for the positive plug on the bottles.
Have a good day.
Okay, pal, you too.
Okay, bottles of what, drugs?
I think he said, bottles.
Oh, bottles.
Bibles, bottles, bottles, bangles and beads.
5, 6, 7, man, you know what I mean?
They screwed the audience around.
Look what they did to our audience there for four or a month, four and a half months.
And I kept trying to tell him I didn't realize that in the beginning
because they just jumped right into it with both legs.
And we weren't really given any choice.
It was already after the fact, you know.
Well, you're going to be following Howard Stern.
No, it's your best lead in everyone.
That's all well and good.
But number one, what about how do we start?
Number two, how's the audience supposed to know what a hell the show starts?
They don't have any concept of what a talk show is all about.
About the fact that, especially this one where we have like a little bit of a format
in the first 20 minutes or so, where we like, you know, get everything lined up for the day?
No, they don't understand that at all.
And our general manager, what was he concerned about?
Oh, he was worried about the fact that if we cut Howard off at 10,
Howard's listeners would be wondering all day what they missed after 10 o'clock.
He wasn't worried about our listeners on his highest rate of show.
He can give a crap about me or this audience.
And did I say that about a thousand times?
About 30,000 times in the first few weeks?
Yeah.
The people who made them all that money, they didn't care.
But the Howard Stern listeners, they'd be worried the whole rest of the day
about what they missed after 10 o'clock.
Oh, cracker, please, give me a break.
Pooh, booh, booh, booh.
Yeah, right.
Bhabah, booh, booh, booh, booh, daiki, whatever, you know.
And of course Robin would have cidilating news.
I'm not putting them down or anything like that.
They're making millions of dollars.
But the fact of the matter is that this whole deal has been so many.
I mean, it was one thing when there were the changes going on.
But now it's like gone beyond that to the point where it's like an explosion.
It's like a nuclear holocaust is going on a QA.
Am I right?
It's something that's one thing that kept Shuffling different morning shows.
And then this one moved to this time.
And Ferrell was on for five minutes.
But now it's like everything is just a state of total chaos.
We're going to state a flux.
Flux, that's with an L-joice.
As in flux you, honey.
Man, I keep using that line.
When does one toe come down and hit the ground?
When we have a little bit of stability because consistency is what the audience wants.
They want to know if I turn on my radio at a certain time, who the hell's going to be on?
Well, somebody I like beyond.
They want to know if I put my commercials like the last guy said,
if I pay a good, hard-earned money to buy a spot,
is it going to be on the show that I think I'm buying?
Am I going to get a bait and swish?
Get with it.
Lock it in, you know.
Remember that cart we used to have?
Lock it in.
What was that?
I don't remember what that was.
Huh?
Don't know.
You know the one I mean, I do.
12 out of 12 at 5.60 WQAM, ring in the new year with a new car,
truck from the folks at Armstrong Ford, a homestead.
You've been putting off buying anything maybe, but now don't wait any longer
because for a limited time only, get 0% financing on any of the following
new O-5s and stock ready for immediate delivery if not sooner.
Escape, free start, tourist, F-Super-Duty Harley Davidson trucks,
and the all new Ford 500.
If you want more, then how about a 1.9% financing on all new
O-5 expeditions explores F-150s and Rangers too.
Certain restrictions apply.
The locks at Armstrong Ford are homestead, our jam pack, and they're cutting
prices right now, and as always, they offer you more value because when you buy your
Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for
life program.
That is correct.
Tires and batteries for life.
Plus for a limited time, you get a free sun pass too.
David Rich and the gang at Armstrong Ford are homestead.
Guarantee you the best price and don't forget because they're locally owned
and operating.
They'll treat you just like family to try to make you a customer for life.
So they guarantee you they'll bet your rate per his life on it.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No bait and swift, no phone-aid deals, no BS, no games with your keys, your credit cards,
just honestly goodness fantastic unbeatable deals every time.
At Armstrong Ford, a homestead, you'll find them at 307.25,
South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them out of the web if you like at ArmstrongCars.com, but then drive your
little and save thousands on your new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
Your listening to me, Roger.
The rest of us will drive 60 seconds to 8am.
Suck it in and hold it.
From the producers of American Idol,
comes a heart-warming collection of favorites and separated by America's sweetheart, Jerry Shiboh.
Of course, he loves to sing.
Look how she smiles.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
The world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
We are the world's best.
Here is the Earth, every Shiboh, live from room 214 C.
Current quotation available now from the Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
The Subbook address.
Hello.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to be with George the Colossal
going on here at QM, we've got them, they're desensitized to it now. Right. It goes on so
much and so often, they're like, they're numb. Like, oh, gee, you can meet, you have no idea
who's going to be on it too. Is this for real? Is this some kind of a silly, a mask-a-ray
you're doing for us to entertain the audience? No. I only wish I could say a word.
Oh, no. There it is. Got my snot rag over here.
Careful. It looks just like a regular hanky, but it's not. Ah, see? That's what's going
on. I would have the dry heat, you know, I keep talking about. I got lower in issues. Oh,
yeah. So that's how the day of winter sucks. Now, this story, this story is amazing. BBC
Executive was where under guard Saturday night, under guard, after the controversial show Jerry's
Springer, the opera was aired on BBC 2, eh? The corporation said it received threats from individuals
who objected the program's blasphemous content. It is believed that role-a-kidding, who's
no-kinder-roning-kidding in you don't know who that is. The controller of BBC 2 and Jan
had benefit the director of television among those who have been given private security
guard protection. A BBC spokesman said executives families have been subjected to a large
number of abusive and unpleasant calls. Private telephone numbers of those concerned were
posted on the campaign group's website, which was later taken down following legal action
by the BBC. The corporation refused about a religious group's which had demanded the
show not be aired. You go, boys, over there at the beam. A record number of complaints,
40,000 were made partly show going out. Critics say the opera features more than 8,000 swear
words and portrays Jesus in a nappy admitting that he's a bit gay. Torrey Deppy, either
legal leader, Michael Ancrams, joined the criticism. He said, you can choose to go to the
theatre. You can decide what you want to pay some of mine to go to see something. That
is where you go to see freedom of expression. But BBC director General Mark Thompson said
that as a practicing Christian, he found nothing in a show that he believed to be blasphemous.
Wow. An hour-long program is going out in front of it, putting it into context and making
it very, very clear to the public that it does include a great deal of strong language.
He said, the opera which plays to pack houses in the west end contains a total of 3,168
F words and 297 C words as in C.U. next time. Or as in, well, there are more than one
C word. Yeah, there are. Meditably a bridge about that. The total number of sentences calculated
by multiplying the number of swear words by the number of people singing them. Okay. That
is the greatest line I think I've ever read in my life. The total number of sentences
is calculated by multiplying the number of swear words by the number of people singing
them. So if we edit some by the Mormon tabernacle choir, you can only begin to imagine. Prayer
group Christian voice held a vigil outside BBC television center in Woodland, West London
of protest. All of that disgustingness for fanity, invulgarity and blasphemy. It's disgraceful
man. I'll tell you what's obscene is these religious nuts because the religious people
are the crazy people who never forget it. All your kids out there. The more religious,
the crazier they are. And as far as the fundamentalist no matter what they are, Muslims, Christians,
Jews, Buddhists, whatever they are, they're all crazier in a bedbug. They'll never forget
it. I'm not talking to you, even. Where was God when the tsunami disaster struck in 150,000
innocent people got worse to weigh and worse? God is a fragment of man's creation, 88 people
said that. There is only 82 people said that we got a bit of battle going on between
me and man. Time to be out to my football games is what God's doing. He was doing at 53.
And of course there are a lot of bowl games coming up that weekend, right? Right? God
doesn't interfere with nature 32. God caused it to punish the infantiles 24. God's always
punishing everybody. And of course, like I said, he's got bad aim. And sometimes the whole
bunch of innocent people get in the way they get blown away too. Wrong place, wrong time, too bad
you did. God was on vacation five. And of course it was definitely vacation time December
26th. And in enormous number of those people who died, especially like in Pouquet, were on
vacation, right? And God keeps screwing up three said that as we continue trying to understand
the wicked ways of the Lord. He did. Oh, in fact, that was one of the lines I think that
either Bush won or Clinton used on a King's show last week that one night asking that question
where was God. Well, he does work in mysterious ways. What is that? What the hell is that supposed?
I mean, talk about a cop out. Talk about a stupid ass idiotic mindless answer. Right. So
why are you going to church then if they don't know the answer? Well, somebody's got to fill
the bucket man. They got to they got to make the big buck. Also, that scam going. Somebody's
got to subsidize it. 26 after 11 o'clock, we got coming up at two and then at four, stay
tuned for that. This is the first time in my life in 75 years I've been doing this. The
first time I've sat down, we don't have a program schedule for the rest for any of the
day. I hadn't even asked to find out if the big. I was on this morning, five or so, which
I assume because it was in very Jackass column and Barry's got his head right to the old
rectum, asked the building. He's got his head in it and Hank, we knew already seven to
ten, although you couldn't be sure the way things were going. Us, I'm saying one thing
about this show now, we are rock solid, right? In the midst of all this other chaos. Yeah.
10 to two. It's in there in this time. It's in writing not nine to one, not 1045 to a
whatever it held somebody feels like a 10 to two period. That's the time to show it's
sitting there and they're in in gold, gold leaf, gold leaf, go 26 past 11. How's that
hockey season coming by the way? Any interest? Okay. And they're not going to have one either
because the board of governors meeting was scheduled for this week. They said, why bother?
Nobody's talking about anything. So let's cancel it. It's okay. I mean, you guys care
about hockey? What? No. Even in here, even in the world capital, the hotbed of hockey.
Nobody gives a crap. They're just tired of it. They're worn out. If you're worn out because
you're in less than 50 grand a year, here's the chance to do something about it. If you
do earn a peanuts, then it's time for a career change. Pick up the phone and call our friends
at fast train right now at 1-866-FAST train. Fast train can have you train already for a
great new high-paying career and as little as four months, you can be a hot shot like
Todd Dreck. Fast train offers high demand high-pay career training if you like computers. If
you ever dream to becoming a computer network professional, call fast train today at 866-FAST
train. And don't forget that the man for computer professionals is an all-time high and fast
train can have you train already for that new career. And as I said, only moments ago
has four short months. And fast trains got locations all over town, so there's bound
to be one close by you. They're in Kendall, Miami, Pember Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. And
fast train offers job placement and financial aid for those who qualify too. They evening
and weekend classes at fast train are forming right now, so get off that dead end job.
Get yourself a real career and some big bucks that go along with it. Call fast train
1-866-FAST train.
You are listening to the illegal neo-rodgers exclusively on 566-M-A-M.
Once in a lifetime for years,
have to be
some like a truck stop.
Carry me.
Jelly Springer, the opera, drama,
pageantry, wonder, and swearing.
This is something I must prove you are treating on you with your stepmother.
You know I'm looking for a job.
Carry me.
Carry me.
Carry me.
Jerry Springer, the opera, the stage spectacle that ain't over Jela Fatt lady gets hit over
the head with a folding chair.
You think you fall back?
Jela Fatt, the world's sleazy as talk show host is in the house, the opera house.
Jerry Springer, the opera.
For the couple of the best weeks I've heard in a long time, you know what?
Let me 33, 27-o'-noon and two hours and a half until it comes on.
Now this fact starts out, it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy in the very first half of sentence.
And I notice it's from University of Dodge, you can't be for somebody who works for Kimba Bocampero over there,
or even worse from Kimba himself, could it?
Maybe they borrowed the text machine.
Right, oh we get a lot of text from over there.
You think they'd be building busy selling cars over there instead of sitting around listening to the radio?
But anyway, it says, I may be dead wrong.
Oh and you could have stopped right there.
But it seems to me that the mad dog and the mole man are hesitant to commit to an afternoon time slot on QM
when they may be calling dolphins play by plan.
Another station, quite a pickle.
Well guess what?
No, I do like a good deal pickle, kosher dill, but no, you are dead wrong.
Because the mad is already committed to four to seven and Moe is already, I think, signed for two to four.
The deals were done, don't you understand?
Regardless of play by plan.
And in addition to which I don't think Moe is going to be doing dolphin games anymore anyhow.
I could be wrong about that, but I just have a feeling.
But that aside, it's just totally wrong.
Everybody's got theories, you know?
Everybody's an expert, the other one's going on the other side.
And the fact of the matter is they don't know squat, but they're all experts.
Just ask them, they'll tell you.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
We never did find out what time of steering wheeled out on the buzz tonight.
We know.
Not that it's important or more importantly, if he mentioned about the QM not caring the show.
Right, that's what we need to do.
Which he has seriously avoided for the most part of life, but he said one carna came and he kind of brushed him off.
I mean, that would be kind of nice to find out.
Yeah.
Okay, but I don't think we will.
WDQ, I am hello.
Yep.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hi.
I just wanted to tell you that I think George Bush is God because every time there's a disaster,
it becomes a photo op for him.
Uh-huh.
Where's the disaster is?
He gets more billing.
It's well coordinated.
See, there is right now.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
I have a funny but stupid story about jet bush.
Yeah.
Our fan asked Governor jet bush, yes.
He's a total man.
He goes over there and he tells the leaders to have a big sale to raise money at their church.
Right.
Where their churches are dressed, red.
Right.
What is his man thinking?
Well, maybe he's going to whip up a ice bath to something good.
Brody's.
Brody's a big one.
Maybe he's a brownie-hound.
How stupid can you be?
Well, as last name is Bush, it seems to run in a family, doesn't it?
There you go.
I just had to tell you that because when I heard that as serious as this disaster is, not a laugh.
Maybe we could sell that Terry Sharval album and raise some money for the desperate, and the
desperate autos over there.
Oh, no.
You know what else they're doing?
The world's donating this money.
But they're trying to know like $185 billion to give them a system so this will never happen
to them again.
So as we're handing them money with our left hand, we're taking it back as our right.
Exactly.
I wish he was one person with the other.
Okay.
We're in a different country.
Have a great life.
Thank you.
Praise Jesus and praise Bush.
See you.
567-0560.
Damn.
God.
Count 560 on the Verizon and sing it on the wireless line.
I'd say it again, the crazy people, the religious people.
Your hat is better than mine.
Your beanie is better than mine.
What ever it is.
Been going on since the beginning of time and a lot of your suckers out there just can't
emancipate your brain.
You can't escape.
You can't cut the umbilical cord, man, because they hold out their promise, life after
that.
Isn't this something that we were making fun of all of those Islamic martyrs, you know,
these suicide bombers and the suicide hijackers on 9-11?
And oh, they were going to have seven virgins that haven't had an autos other crap.
What any sillier than that about meet and st. Peter with the poorly gates, right?
And going up there to praise God and all this other crap.
And it's all the same nonsense.
All the same.
It came from the same place.
And you're going to be with all your old friends.
All your dead friends are going to be up there in that big place and that big hotel in
the sky.
And you're all going to be sitting around.
You won't be able to see each other because you won't have any body.
You won't be able to hear each other.
So you won't be able to talk because you have no mouth.
And you're going to be saying, I ain't got nobody for eternity.
It'll be better than talking.
I ain't got nobody.
But it's the soul.
Oh, come on already.
Okay.
Now you see if dogs would have written the Bibles, then dogs would be the only ones to do
with a heaven.
Dogs have a soul.
Man, of course, he's just a pain in the ass.
We need him to feed us.
But other than that, who needs him?
It's so obvious.
It's so juvenile.
It's so elemental, my dear Watson.
All right.
Do you like that?
Emmett's all Swiss.
Who?
W.A.
Q.I.
M.
Hello.
Q.I.
M.
That's great.
He's flipped.
He's gone over the edge.
That was definitely great, couldn't you tell?
That was his line.
Somebody Q.I.M.
Hello.
Q.I.M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
By the way, first of all, I want to say how is Donald at 1030?
Okay.
Number two is, did you hear about Jerry Springer getting that time to get over to you,
Jason?
Yeah.
He's going to do a talk show.
Everybody's doing a talk show now, yeah.
Well, they're just going to get into any, oh, smart debt.
It just comes off the street.
Don't you think you've got enough money to do what he's doing right now?
Yeah, exactly.
How much more does he need for crying out loud?
Stand on this business.
Get a line.
And then after he does that, then he wants to go back into politics again.
He's going to need you.
I was.
You know, like that, who's doing that sleaze-backed, luckiest guy in the face of the earth, making
millions doing that crap.
You're right.
Take the money and run and get out of our face.
Right, Egg.
Do we want to pay?
Can you percentage of moral teeth day?
Can you pay the debt with him and Gully being for the slaughter of power in life?
What is that one?
Yeah, I heard it a couple months ago.
There was a bit of them too.
And they're telling the people about the power.
They can turn it off.
Okay, I'll search for it.
So have a good day, Valley.
What is it?
Bridal tells us.
Yeah, Boca Brown will know what it is.
He ordered, because he's the one who did it.
If he don't know, nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
I ain't got nobody, but I got a soul, man's got a soul, and you're gonna burn in hell.
You see, generally speaking, it's the dumbest, the least educated people that spew this
crap.
I'm not like Reggie White, Chris, he's dead.
I think God had something to do with that.
Maybe that's what it was.
He called the book.
Maybe God was busy planning to kill Reggie White.
God liked him so much he brought him to heaven early.
And maybe he's still feeding him some of that delicious scambal soup, or maybe that scambal
soup eating all of that was what killed him.
See, I'm gonna, you know me.
I'm a big soup lover, as you know.
Right, I know that.
I do.
When I go to a restaurant, if they have good soup, I mean, I just will never pass up soup
with a meal.
I love soup.
French onion soup.
I love beef barley soup.
Oh, that's great.
That's not a ball souper on jude.
But the idea that anybody would eat Campbell soup, I must say, is schleppers.
Okay, it's like people eat spam.
It's the same category.
I know when you got a big family and you don't have a lot of money and you've got to
like spread it out.
Okay, get some Campbell soup.
I mean, for example, Chef Boyardee, like, uh, Ravioli, you know, I mean, that's good stuff.
Ah, if you're in the right mood.
Yeah, but it's all the same.
You said it before.
No, it is all the same, but we're a Franco-American spaghetti.
You just have to be in the right mood.
I mean, it's really easy.
Ravioli is acceptable, the Ravioli.
Yeah.
But Franco-American spaghetti, the best thing is to take that and put it in like, you know,
bowl and take like a piece of Swiss cheese and like mix it through there and like put
it in the microwave for about 99 seconds and melt it in there and it's actually good.
But anyway, I know what I was talking about before the Franco-American and all this food
stuff.
Tuna, these, I don't know.
No, just now about the food.
Well, I'll Campbell soup.
Oh, yeah, Reggie.
Kakka.
And I'm going to tell you the worst of all is the low salt.
Have you ever had that?
Oh, no, good guy.
Totally, moly.
It's like flavored water and then with a bad flavor.
I mean, flavored water, I guess, could be good if it was like, you know, some good flavor
in it.
Like a bad flavor.
It would be like tomato soup that's diluted like one part in 85,000, you know?
Yeah.
In other words, they passed it or the chicken soup.
They passed the chicken through it real quick and this is chicken soup now.
Man, I hope maybe they stuck the pupic in there.
It's 1142, 18 till noon at 560 WQM when you shop for quality, footwear and service.
I'm going to tell you the store that's the best and that's Brandeys in Pomono Beach.
All the top names in the business are there along with sales holes who know your feet
inside and out.
They want to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
You know, just go to a shoe store and find something that looks nice.
That's great, but you have to get a perfect fit to take good care of your tootsies.
And they got the top quality names.
You know, I love rock ports, floor ashram, SAS, Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer, all the
others and prices that are always unbeatable too.
Brandeys is open every day, seven days a week.
You'll find them open Monday through Saturday, 9.
Don't mind.
Sundays, 10 to 5 in their same grade location.
They've been taking care of people's feet for a long, long time.
1290, North Federal Highway and Pomono Beach.
It's always worth a trip no matter where you hang it on South Florida.
And right now, this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandeys.
Take 10 bucks off on all great women's styles this week.
So be sure to come into Brandeys or visit them on the Wicked Web.
We're in order right there at Brandeys Shoes.com.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
It's coincidental.
On 560.
You're all on it.
I don't have a code.
Some radio stations give you money.
Some radio stations give you car.
But this radio station is different because this radio station is going to give you...
A turtle.
That's right.
We'll grant you eternal life.
And three days spending cash to get you started.
Here's what you do.
Be listening this weekend.
And when you hear this sound, we'll register you for your chance to live forever.
A turtle to drive.
And next Friday morning, we'll draw the name of a one lucky person who will rip us off
or what eternal life.
So be listening here.
The radio station where life goes on and on and on.
But we just don't know who's going to be on doing and on.
13, no, no, and at 560 WQAM.
Let's see how many votes we got on the pool.
Where was God when this horrendous disaster of nature happened?
You know, crap happens.
That's when nature's all about crap happens.
When you least expect it, but I'm being, nature gives you the old raspberry.
It was a fart under the sea.
356 votes.
Where was God when this phenomenon is asked to truck all these people, pran, prayer, vigils?
See, that's what gets me.
You can't say anything to these people to make them understand.
If there was a God, this God that they invented to pray to, after all this horrible stuff
happens, he wouldn't let it happen in the first place.
He would have protected those people.
That's why we need to pray so he won't do it to us.
We had this underwater earthquake and he would like all of a sudden reach this finger down
there, like balanced everything back out in that big tidal way.
But it was all of a sudden dissipated right out there in the middle of the ocean.
It was like far from land, everybody would be safe.
And about it being like, yeah, everything's common, the kosher now, right?
Right.
By the way, no.
The LG is the name of that bit.
What is it?
FPL Guldi.
Can we play it?
Do you want me to?
No, I can play it here.
Okay, it's old.
Good.
The L is ready to answer your questions.
Here is a FPL.
That's horrible.
That's bad.
No, what do we know what it is?
That's, I mean, not horrible.
It's horrible.
Okay, where was God when the synonymous is asked to instruct?
We have 362 votes.
God is a figment of man's creation.
111.
And for those of you who said that, you are absolutely correct.
And man, there is only...
Beal God.
Never mind to me that.
Remember that scene, of course, you do in the ITT boardroom with Ned Vady in that work.
He said there is no America.
There is no Soviet Union.
And there is no...
There is only Exxon and ITT and AT&T and...
Whatever.
Eisenhower was right about the military industrial complex.
They've taken over the world.
There was a great documentary last night on CBCA about the so-called Star Wars, this crap,
where they're trying to revive what Reagan, you know, when they were spending millions of dollars
for their friends in a military industrial complex, Lockheed and Boeing and all these grave robbers.
Well, they're trying to do the same thing again.
And guess what?
Every single one of the tests they've had, you know, has failed.
And the top scientists from MIT say it's impossible because there is nothing you can create
that can tell the decoys that they have sent up.
Whatever missile they're going to send up, they surrounded with 80's and in decoys.
And there's no way to tell which one has the Tony or an Obama Grande, right?
So that's not an opinion.
It's a scientific fact.
But oh, we got to spend millions of dollars because we got to be able to shoot down from all these rogue nations.
They are right.
362 votes.
Let's see.
Planning the outcome of football games, 66.
Please, God, say a brook of her to Patriots.
We're going to need it this weekend against the Red Hot Indianapolis Colts and the ugly grotesque
Peyton, Sandy Peyton, Manning.
You know, you know his brother there from the Giants.
What's his name, Eli?
Eli's coming.
Yeah.
They look like identical twins.
I mean, they both have that dumber than sawed us look on it.
Yeah, they do have that dumb look.
Man, they got that kind of like Terry Bowden look.
I like they were hatched in a big old egg somewhere in a cave.
He's got a great army.
He can really throw it at ball.
But he also is like, and you know what really bugs me about him?
I don't want to get sports oriented.
I want to get rape, or y'all are excited.
What bugs me about Peyton Manning, even with a great success, I know all this other all the records he's breaking.
But it seems like a nine out of every ten plays he brings the team up to line of scrimmage.
He sticks his hand under the center's ass and then he starts, then he starts changing the play.
And he's like, every play is like Friday.
Now Brady does that a lot too lately, which is getting me nervous.
But nobody does that more than Peyton Manning, am I right?
Well, it seems to be working though.
No, I understand that.
But it just makes you nervous.
And of course they don't always show you the 25 second clock or the 42nd clock, which everyone is at the moment.
And you're wondering, you know, how much more time you got to be did like,
but of course they can see it.
It's a big clock there like in the end zone and they can see it either end.
But you don't see it.
George understands that, don't you?
No, what?
Now the resist get to it and play the game and quit with all the, oh, over there, that way.
He's, you know, he just scratches his ass.
Oh, he's been scratching your ass nice.
Who was it that mooned the crowd from the Vikings yesterday?
Randy Moss.
Randy Moss, that's right.
Randy Moss scores a touchdown, a real classy act.
And he moons the crowd in Green Bay.
What a jerk.
My God, you know, I thought he'd have played at UM or something like that.
Randy Moss, where did he play?
Marshall.
What's the other Moss?
Santana?
Santana Moss, he played at UM.
Yes.
See?
Told you.
Very good.
How about Santana from Montana?
Okay.
Anyway, God doesn't interfere with nature 57.
God caused it to punish the infantiles 25.
God was on vacation 10 and God keeps screwing up for it.
He keeps trying to get it done, right?
And he just, he's in competent God.
Jesus Christ almighty.
When he, when he started a whole deal, man, everything was supposed to be perfect.
Then he put that damn fruit tree out there in Adam and Eve were in a garden.
And she, she picked a pear.
And she, she ate the pear was the, was it the pear on the tree or the pear on the ground?
I forgive the apple.
Whatever was.
Some fruit.
Some fruit.
Yeah.
Unnamed fruit.
You look all through history and it was like some fruit that was always sticking his finger
in the middle of everything.
That's what Alexander did.
Alexander the great.
Two controversial films that defied the odds during millions at the box or office, joined
a familiar green ogre to take top honors at the 31st annual People's Choice Awards yesterday.
And there's a picture of Big Fat Michael Moore holding up his award.
Now you go, Mike.
The Michael Moore film, Fair Hat 9-11, which took a critical and honest look at President
Bush's actions after the 9-11 attacks won the favorite movie award.
Isn't that great?
It is great.
I didn't watch it last night because I was busy watching, uh, what was I watching?
I was no football on.
I don't know what I was watching.
While Mel Gibson's explicit, the passion of the Christ won in the favorite drama category.
And I guess that's like his infiction.
It is as it was.
It is as, I know the Pope is old but season is, is he that old?
Yeah.
More dedicated is when the US troops fighting overseas said he was amazed that people voted his
film their favorite.
I love making movies.
I'll take this as an invitation to make more Fair and High 9-11's more said.
Good.
Gibson echoed more his appreciation.
Saying the word means a lot more to me this time than anything before.
Like about 750 million bucks, I think.
I depend on you and you were there Gibson said if it wasn't for you guys, we would have been dead in the water.
Or we can only pray.
In fact, why wasn't Mel Gibson there in, uh, in, uh, in, uh, Thailand?
Well, because that it wouldn't have happened.
The, uh, that's right.
He has Jesus on his side.
Right.
And all of that money too.
The animated Trek 2, disrupt the number of categories being named favorite comedy, favorite sequel, and favorite anna.
The animated movie, the character of Donkey and Trek 2, voiced by Eddie Murphy.
I used to like Eddie Murphy a lot and then he started being a singer in all this other crap and I started tuning on him like a cornered rat.
Uh, the Donkey voice was named favorite animated movie star and the, uh, the theory godmother, voiced by Jennifer Saunders.
Not Jennifer Aniston who just got the voice from Brad Pitt or his being, was being voiced by Jennifer Saunders when the favorite movie villain category.
Why, why are we supposed to care about Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston?
Why do you care about that?
I don't care.
Huh?
Decided, the committee has decided.
I see the committee of people who decide that what we're supposed to be all excited about and whip up to a frenzy about.
Right.
Don't care.
Perennial favorites of many of the top awards including many of this year's new categories.
Julia Robertson, the lovely Johnny Depp one from favorite female and male movie star.
He's pretty enough to be a lady.
Matt LeBlanc and Mayor Marge, uh, in fact he's one of the very few pretty boys who's like, him and Brad Pitt.
Well, it turns out to be heterosexual.
How do you like that?
Not that it should make a difference, but it does.
Matt LeBlanc and Matt LeBlanc, oh god.
And Marge Helgenberger, who is she?
One of her favorite male and female TV stars.
What crap show is she on?
She's been in movies, many movies and I think she's a CSI person in the thumbnail.
Oh, is that it?
Yeah.
Will and Grace won for favorite TV comedy.
CSI crime scene investigation was named favorite TV drama.
After both cast by the internet during the first hour of live telecast were counted.
Joey was named the favorite new TV comedy.
Oh my god.
That is, I told you the world's in trouble.
Where's God when we need him again?
We need a Sidomi on that coast.
While desperate housewives won for favorite new TV drama No Dot because the lovely Miguel is on there.
The people's choice awards hosted by Jason Alexander and Malcolm Jermall Warner were presented to you.
Oh, Malcolm Jermall Warner, what team is he play for?
Were presented at the Pasadena Sivagoda Tournament broadcast on CBS.
He works cover 38 film, television and music categories including a number of new ones,
which we can go into and kill a lot of time.
It's got the whole thing here.
Mayor Lach and movie star Will Smith.
Oh, it's so close to lunchtime.
Sorry.
Lady Man Brad Pitt.
Funny female star Ellen DeGenerate.
She's funny.
She is funny.
The committee said she's funny.
Oh, funny.
Funny male star Jim Curie.
Although I do like Jim Curie but he's getting to be, you know, a little, he's kind of like Tom Hanks in the mind.
Yeah, it's hard to know.
Let's see.
Late night talk show with David Letterman.
Daytime talk show with Ellen DeGenerate.
Oh, good God.
Reality show.
Competition reality show.
A mercenital.
Reality show makeover.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Reality show 24-7 newly wedged Nick and Jessica.
Crest fans favorite smile.
Judy Roberts.
Crest fans.
Now, Colgate fans, we don't have that one.
Pantene fans favorite hair Jennifer Garner.
Covered rural fans favorite look Kate Hudson.
Favorite group.
You two.
Oh, God.
There is no God.
Female singer Alicia Keys.
Male singer Usher.
Now I know I'm going to the Brunan Hill.
Usher blows.
Get out of here.
You like Usher?
Who you talking to?
You want to get out of here?
No.
A horrible.
Just awful.
Who you talking to?
Oh, just.
Favorite remake.
The first cut is the deepest by Cheryl Crow.
That's it.
That's it.
I'm going home.
We're trying to find out who's going to be on the crew in 24-7.
This is K-A-M.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
This fall on Fox from the producer of the O-C.
Yeah, because you're drunk.
It's the O-C-B.
Hey, let's go to the market.
Okay, just a minute.
I've got to watch my hands.
Come on.
We're going to be late.
Hold on.
I'll watch you my hands again.
Okay.
I'll be in the car.
All right.
Ready to go.
Let's kick it.
Uh-oh.
Did I lock the door?
Just a minute.
I got to make sure.
What are you doing?
I'm watching my hands.
Don't overthink it.
See the O-C-B.
This fall on Fox.
Are you ready now?
Uh-oh.
Did I turn off the stove?
Yeah.
We're going to go with my hands.
Welcome, by Dr. D.
Dr. D.
12-1 at 560 W.
Who am I can honestly tell you?
It's less than two hours away from two o'clock from the...
whatever that show it's supposed to be.
From the 2-4 show.
And we still don't know.
Still have no schedule.
I have a feeling that people who are negotiations are taking place right now.
So, he's speaking.
You know what?
I'm eating right now.
It's usually I don't eat during the show.
A wini.
This morning I did have a little that nice microwave bacon.
That's not as microwave bacon.
Well, right now.
I had to eat that.
So, wini.
No.
Meat.
Close.
Schneider is meat, macaroni and cheese loaf.
Really?
You never ate that?
I'm trying to think.
I don't think I have.
Sliced?
You know, like cold cuts.
Sliced.
You never had that?
Cheese loaf?
How about pickle loaf?
You've had that.
No.
Pimette loaf.
Seriously.
Come on, Jyaku had it.
I don't think so.
You don't even know what I'm talking about?
I know, honestly.
Is that like a sliced cheese log?
Meat.
No.
Get out of here.
It's like baloney.
Meat macaroni itself.
It's like it.
It's got like the pieces of cheese and little macaroni in it.
That sounds good.
It is good.
It is.
It's not.
It's edible.
It's better than Campbell's freaking soup.
Wow.
Come on.
I didn't say much.
Chunky soup, my ass.
Oh, brother.
Any.
I'll get the whole.
That's where it came from.
I said, oh, brother.
I got some chunks for you.
Anybody that eats Campbell's soup, man, let's help those people.
Do you think?
Let's give him some help.
Let's have mouth.
Look at these phones.
I don't know what's going on here.
I know we're getting a humongous response on our website today.
That's nice.
Now that we started to tend.
But the phones are kind of like, they're just all waiting in breathless anticipation.
Because they don't know what the trouble we've seen.
56670560, pound 560 out of Verizon and Singularitas lines.
Very quiet Monday.
Well, this is good though.
It's January 10.
We're like starting to get back to like abnormal.
Now is it next Monday or the following week that the book is coming out?
I don't know.
See, the 17th of the 24th of like 1 in the PM.
That's totally amazing.
You might be too early.
It's got to be the 24th.
Mark that down.
It'll be very important in the course.
We can always say, oh, well, not all those people are riding anymore.
WQAM, hello.
Here you go.
Yes, sir.
It's like a nice God-bashing show right after the holidays now.
Right.
Well, I know how this is going to happen.
Any time is a good time for any question, which I'm not the one who planned the time in the tsunami.
Okay, right in the middle of the holidays, by the way.
Well, this is going to go down in history as when God tried to part the Indian Ocean.
Okay.
That's all I got.
Two bad Moses was in there.
Allo Chiron has been, he's played Moses.
He could have walked across if God would have succeeded, but he screwed up again.
Maybe that's what it was all about.
Use something.
And maybe they're trying to get Chuck Heston out of his Alzheimer's house, whatever he's hanging out of his car.
That scene was so great and boring for Columbine.
That was so fabulous.
The interview with Chuck Heston.
We kept making all those up.
Very thinly veiled racist remarks, you know.
What a miserable old nasty.
From my cold dead hands.
We can only pray that day is coming soon, Chuck.
We just can't make up his mind.
You can be Jesus or Abraham or Moses or whatever the hell he is.
Or just another gun nut.
You see 60 minutes last night?
No, I tried it every time I flipped it on.
There was football.
I still had the football game on.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
That was the game where Randy Moss mooned the crowd in Green Bay.
What a jackass.
He got to open up a chain of stories called Ass is Me.
WQAM Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I got one for your poll.
Yeah.
God was taking a dump and crack out.
WQAM Hello.
Leo please.
Speaking.
Leo, I have a question in the comments.
OK.
Question.
What time is your show start and end?
10 o'clock till 2 p.m.
What I am boycotting your station from 2 p.m.
It's about 10 a.m.
For taking turn off the air.
OK.
I'm all going to be home for you brother.
OK.
OK.
That's what I wanted to say.
OK.
Thanks, Pauli.
Bye bye.
Stick with us.
It's a fished off of QAM.
He's boycotting all but he's hanging with us.
Hey listen.
We like everybody to do well.
But you know, short of that, we'll take it, right?
Right.
And what's he boycotting?
He doesn't even know.
We don't either.
He's boycotting that 2 to 4, sure.
And then the ****.
Yeah.
I mean, no matter how long you live, you just have seen nothing until you see the way these
people operate.
And of course, a lot of the stuff they try to force us to sign these new contracts is,
oh, well, you can insult this one and you can't talk bad about the sport.
This is the truth.
I'm not making this up.
There was a clause in there that I could need to be fired or suspended for making negative
comments about any of the sports franchises associated with this radio station, about the
coaches, the owners, the players, the water boy, the cheerleaders, the anybody.
Now, what the hell on the right mind is going to sign that?
See, they don't understand why people listen to these shows because we tell them like it
is.
They don't want to listen to somebody just going to be a suckle.
Anybody can do that.
Like Sandy, I mean, a painting manning.
Who now wants to hear, oh, I love the lady.
You want to hear that?
It's boring, man.
It's boring.
And of course, if you didn't want us to talk about you, folks over there in the West Coast,
how about treating people well instead of trying to like play these games with everybody's
contract?
I wasn't rewriting my contract.
I was just extending it two more years and right away they're like, oh, well, we're
going to rewriting.
We're going to, yeah, they're all my fat ass you are.
And they're doing the same thing with your manage.
How could you treat the man with such disrespect?
Every trend, every book that he's been honored to for, humongous numbers in their two hours.
They are absolutely rock solid.
You bet.
The man is legendary.
There is nobody in the, no extra in the world that doesn't like he does.
There is nobody who does color on a broadcast other than maybe myron Copen Pittsburgh
with a stealers who the people will tune in just to hear him in the color commentary on
a football game.
And where's the appreciation?
What do they do?
Oh, well, you're going to find this and you're going to find out what the hell with it.
I heard it make the comment last Thursday or Friday about how you mean they've been stringing
on a long air every day.
You're going to be hearing from legal on Monday, legal, meaning Joyce Fetch.
So she's doing the same thing to him.
I got news for you, honey.
If you really believe that all of us are going to sign that swilly, you were like passing
off.
You're dreaming.
You're crazy.
But in my case, I'll take the money.
See, when I first saw the story in the Harold Saturday and Barry Jackass and I read that
I got really pissed off for about 30 seconds.
About 30, man.
And then I felt, well, as much as I love the mad dog and it's very important that they
keep him on the board and stick around and hank and everybody else, you know, we're all
for ourselves now.
Isn't that basically what it is?
It's like, you know, when you're gone overboard and there's one raft, I'll take it.
I wish you all the luck in the world, but I'll grab it, right?
Right.
Somebody cue in.
Hello.
Hey, Bali.
Yes, sir.
I want to go to both.
Bali.
Dad was multi-natured, you know.
Thanks, buddy.
They are.
Okay.
You know something now that I'm eating my macaroni, meat and cheese, love.
I've often wondered.
Oh, wait.
You know what you're not, you jargon, when you're going to be angry at me.
You know, we know who's not first.
We just got out of form.
And took a hit and would he act like teacher and child?
And get some munchies and make roundies filled with hair.
And would he share it with Jesus and the saints, those highest-spot heads?
And yeah, yeah, heart is great.
And yeah, yeah, heart is good.
And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got most cannibals?
Smoking farts might want a buzz.
Feel good.
Get your high on the back of the box.
Just feel my nose is getting sore.
All right.
On a greyhound for two rows.
To get some bad luck in homegrown.
Hook up those guy backs to take home.
Smoking a big fat one.
It's a 10-past year.
I think we can go ahead and put that on.
Or we're smoking a big fat one.
We don't have to say what.
It might have been a cigar for all of you.
You know, speculate, right?
John says I have an idea for Newport.
Not a bad idea, John, but I just don't know how many names we'd have on this one.
And the history of TV movies and radio, who's your favorite gay personality?
He says my vote is for Paul Land.
There's Raymond Burr.
I guess we could do that.
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow.
I'll come up with a list like Tony Perkins.
Because somebody got married off by the way.
Doesn't mean that they were gay, by whatever.
We'll just make it up.
We can put gay in quotes.
He's a radio personality, a story of a story of a gay personality.
I'm going to QA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
My vote is for Neil Gott.
I just have one question.
Somebody should call President Bush because they've been saying that he speaks to God.
Why the hell didn't he say anything about this tsunami?
He was busy.
I don't know if it was a good opportunity to get in the latest Haliburton deal.
There's another Haliburton deal with Iran, by the way.
You'll be pleased to know.
You'll wear that.
We'll get to it if I were to.
Because these people really have run out of material long time ago.
They're starting to make some suggestions for the poll.
That's a sure sign.
Remember who did that song?
Brenton Wood.
Give me a little sign.
Okay.
Yeah, Brenton Wood, I believe.
A yellow label.
I forget what maybe it was an ad coke.
Give me a little sign.
And a Boca Brown would know that.
He knows all that old.
He knows all that old.
He's like an old fart.
He's a grizzled old fart.
And we've been around a while.
We've got the old chicken neck, you know.
And we're still here.
We're still here.
The days are like numbered, you know, probably in single digits.
But we're still hanging around.
Hey, don't think that break here.
Why not?
Breaking news.
We have a schedule.
Oh, but what was the milk in?
You got a milk in, man.
You got a milk in, man.
What I'm doing, I went for it to come over your factory.
You can say it.
I got it right here.
You got a schedule?
Yeah.
But today only.
So far.
What do you mean for today only?
What does that mean?
One day, the time, sweet Jesus.
Oh.
Well, I'll be damned.
We have a schedule.
Not coming over yet.
It sits on the work.
So let's do the break.
Well, why should I not do the break?
Tease it.
After the break, we'll let you know.
Hey, everybody's only here.
They're on pins and needles, baby.
They're only here to their seat.
I sure am.
I might just fall right off.
I hear that.
It's making that little beeping sound.
Which means there's a page printing out right now.
My nice brother, Fax machine.
Printer, a copier scanner.
And here it comes.
Well, how do you like that?
Wow.
Woo!
I can't wait.
What did I say?
Oh, no.
Holy.
Oh, no.
Okay.
With all the holidays over now, all these pain and anxiety and family finally gone, here's
the deal.
With the mess that they left behind, why not give a call to our friends at dry concepts?
This is the ideal time to call.
After the holiday is the pain and the yesterday years over with.
And they'll put your whole house back together.
We're going to make everything including your carpeting, looking, and feeling, and smell,
just like brand new.
I've been using them for over 20 years in my homes.
And believe you mean, once you use dry concepts, the first time they'll understand why
they're guaranteed best in the universe.
They use a patented, exclusive, dry cleaning method that sucks out the deep down dirt and the
fibers of your carpet leaves them smell and lemony fresh.
They look and smell and feel just like brand new and they're dry and an hour to day and
a half to two hours, you can't be the one with a stick.
So not only your carpeting, but your furniture, your draper, your expensive area rungs,
oriental rungs, all of these things.
You want to entrust to our good friends at dry concepts.
And never fear any rip offs, which are notorious in the carpet cleaning business, because
these folks give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their
fabulous job.
So get everything looking just like brand new again now.
And daybrow to the Palm Beach is called Dry Concepts Tool Free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the web, it's dryconcepts.com.
We are the hours to show real Rogers mornings in the ditch.
And force a round of clock to fight.
We are just an ordinary, Yeshua student until that fake full day.
Out, watch me some kind of radioactive spider.
What am I over here with a Miss Muffet?
Indeed, it was no ordinary spider.
And he is no ordinary superhero.
He is Spider-Man.
You want I should shoot spider webs out of my wrist?
Hey, for a hundred and fourteen million opening weekend, I shoot the hilt to fish out of my
clikest.
Spider-Man, fill in spear him.
Women desire him.
I Spider-Man, I love you, dude.
Well, thank you, I got this wholesale.
With two free pads at once.
Yeah, I know a guy.
Spider-Man, instilling gilts in all hearts of evil doers.
Go ahead, take over the vile.
I'm sure you're making your palm on the very proud Spider-Man.
Now showing him theaters everywhere.
I would just kill you to go see it on time even.
Call 17 at 5.60.
This is not good news.
Well, is it?
No, but I'm sure it's only temporary and it's exactly what we thought it was going to be considering everything that's going on.
No, I did not.
I thought for sure they would have come to their senses just like they would have made it for me after I told them to stick it.
19 pages for both bunch of crap up there but and cut the crap.
Then we got to think about it the next day.
And that's what should have been done this morning.
That should have been priority number one.
All other business.
Seriously, stop and think about this.
The only thing that ESPN Radio has got is your rose.
Where was your rose before he went over there where he was lied to and yanked around and held on the string so that we could put a
hour of stirring on for four and a half bucks.
Cruciating months.
He was right here in a leading in this away to 10.
Everything was just all wear-fi.
Hunky Dory.
As Jim Dory used to say for the Maple Leafs.
Hunky Dory, old number eight.
Each year was pretty.
But anyway, not your rose, Jim Dory.
And we had him right here so we had Joe Rose and Hank in that noon driver who's been doing great for so many years for about 10 years.
But no, we weren't satisfied with that.
And so we broke that all up again and we gave them the only ingredients that they've got to put them on a map.
Even if they do get the dolphin games, I hate to break the news to them.
Dolphins don't play on like weekdays.
And when they do play the occasional Monday Night Game and I can't imagine after this season too many Monday Night Games are going to be scheduled with the dolphins on it.
But when they do, that's like on at nine o'clock at night.
It means nothing.
It means a shadow who were used to me years ago before all the games were on TV, before serious had all the games, before all of this other stuff went on.
Before we had a stick them on FM.
So that's all I got.
It's your rose and we changed them away.
We sent them over there.
If they do the same thing with you in Mandage, I'm telling you right now.
I'm, I'm, you mark the words down January the 10th, 2005 at 12, 20 in the PM.
Neo Rogers says if they do that, they're screwed, man.
They're been over and they're doing a Ron Jeremy on themselves.
Only they're sticking their foot up their own ass.
Am I right?
Yeah.
These double jointed lunatics.
Because I would have thought they had this all iron out.
So here's the schedule.
Jim Mandage, 2 to 4.
I'm going to be rolling tape on that.
Just turn my cassette deck back on again.
I'm going to be rolling and tape 2.
Howard David, Mohawar David was supposed to be doing 2 to 4 today.
But he's going to be doing 4 to 7.
Absolutely.
Skelety 7 to 10 was I predicted.
So I squeezed something out of him and then any kid 10 is usual time.
They don't mess with all 8K.
So that's it.
Mad Dog, 2 to 4.
And I'm sure he'll tell you what's going on.
Don't do it.
Don't let them dehumanize and degrade you.
I'll let you and sign all that crap.
Sign your life away.
What credibility could any human being have left to sign away?
Oh, you won't talk about this one.
You won't say, well, so why would anybody listen?
And what it exposes is this enormous lack of understanding that this company has about what it is that we do, why you people listen, and what it is that makes this so with a unique place that it is.
And I started saying before, if you want to keep everybody happy, then treat them well.
Then we won't talk bad about you act like a real broadcasting company.
Oh, look at this on the Q&M website.
Thank God Josh Cortes has nothing to do with this. He wants you to know that.
Not no, right?
Yeah, not no.
Not no.
Q&M website.
Here's the schedule.
It's got 6 to 10 AM-ish Howard Stern Show.
Well, this is the schedule for today.
Right.
And this schedule is older than last year's MOTSA man.
Curtis Stevenson 2 to 4, Hank at PPSE's in New York City.
Whatever they say.
What is PPSE's?
God, I have no idea what that is.
Gully 5 to 9.
Gully, look at that.
27 o'clock till 10 in the morning.
Look at this schedule.
27 o'clock even like this.
It's up in a military time.
There's no such thing as 27 o'clock till 10 AM.
Gully continued.
10 to 2 AM, Eddie Kaye, until the 6 AM sport.
And this has got to be the most embarrassing piece of turd I have ever seen in my life.
This schedule like I said, it's older than Mathuesla's grandpa.
And it's on a QM website.
I'm saving that.
I'm going to frame it.
So that means that the situation has not been resolved.
And Mad Dog is a plan hard ass and hard ball which he ought to be doing and sticking to his wife.
What would he do to her?
Okay, let's see.
What?
No, nothing.
What would I want?
Presumably that he's the one that's being a hard ass.
No, he's playing hard ball.
Right.
As he should be.
He's not going to go sign that crap.
And until they come to their senses and make them realize that they need to take it out of there just like they did in my contract.
If they want to keep hanging onto him.
I mean, you, this is not the...
And this is what happens when you let everything come down in the last minute.
We're not contriving this.
This isn't made up to a muse, you folks, or do you like to...
This is incompetence.
It's an aptitude of the greatest magnitude.
Well, I like that.
An aptitude of the greatest magnitude.
Not the aptitude, but nevertheless.
It is kind of a looting root.
And we're getting screwed.
It's what it boils down to, isn't it?
Just keep changing around it.
I mean, give all these people in the room together.
Of course, they spent a whole day there, or a bigger part of it.
They taking you to the wood shed that day.
Just before that all this other crap came down.
Before these sushi, the last sushi summit was Greg and Norma Camp.
How could we forget that day?
Oh, I don't.
You and your good buddies, Maddie Bell and Jeff High.
Mm-hmm.
Over a bunch of sodium little talk-out crap.
And then, of course, the first hit upon us.
Over the beast did really good auditioning for George's job when he was on vacation.
Who are you people, kiddin'?
Stop messing with it already.
What do you need mental health?
Get yourself a group plan.
Get a group lobotomy.
Before it's too late.
Before you blow this whole thing right off the ear.
W.A. and hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir?
I would like to introduce Joyce to...
No, okay, Greg.
I think she already knows that.
I think that is Joyce.
I think that's her middle name.
Joyce.
Bitch.
56670560.
Pound 560 and a variety of things in singular wireless line.
Gunman assassinated Baghdad's deputy police chief in a suicide bomber driving a stolen patrol car killed three people at a police station today.
As in Surgeon's press, a campaign to record election scheduled for January.
But third, man.
The attacks at Morning Russia are underlined the vulnerability of a rash fledgling security forces raising fresh doubts as to whether they can protect voters in the first ballot
since the U.S.-Linevasion toppled dictator Sodom the evil door was shamed.
How many QAAM hello?
Beta record, election scheduled for...
QAAM.
Yeah, sir.
Hey, I work for a company and they tried it.
Well, you know, you have no choice.
You have to sign one of those stupid, you know, no compete.
You will disrespected the company and stuff like that.
But it's a bunch of crap because we still do it.
And, you know, it's funny when you work for people.
The people in charge are the ones always screw things up in the little guys or average persons or the ones that actually run the company.
And they're the first.
They're just looking for you as...
Yeah, the owners are the scholars and we're the screw-ees, right?
Right.
I just can't believe how many years you've been there and I'm so glad that Howard crap is done with because I would forget to turn you on, you know, or you would be on it and I, you know, thinking it's 11 o'clock and...
I'm okay with all due respect to Stern, with all due respect.
The fact is that they damaged this show.
They've made you get some serious damage to this show by...
By Jirka and Usaran and the audience are not having any idea of a starting time.
That was the worst piece of programming I've ever heard of in my life.
Right.
You are the...it's like the rock where everything starts as I've seen.
You, Jim Manage, and...
This is nice.
So I hope you're here.
You know, I messed with you, you know?
Exactly. They just can't stop messing, man.
It's like a dog that refuses to be housebroken.
He's like 10 years old, he keeps crapin' on the floor and that's what they keep doin'.
Okay, I just wanted to bend a little bit with...
You know, a lot of us are in that situation too and we don't have the power like you do and it's, you know, I feel for you.
I got the power and the man dog does too and obviously he's gonna use it and I'm proud of him.
Good.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I'd love to hear.
Okay, I hope you win the lottery.
That's what we want us to win the lottery.
So just one last day we can come in and give him the big...
Oh, yeah, stick it way up in there.
I mean, it's far in there all the way to the freaking moon.
You want to see something new?
The largest vacuum.
Ex-illusively.
On 560, on 8AM.
Thank you, baby.
The word of the Lord, our Lord's Gym.
Oh, hi!
Next time you're working out and see if you're always hit the on the treadmill next to you.
Yeah, that's me.
Jesus Christ.
Even though doubt seen the Lord's Gym logo by now where I'm bench-fressing a large wooden cross, well that's no ordinary cross.
That's a both legs cross.
It helps give my stomach that six-pack look.
You can see by the string the look on my face that it's quite a workout.
But I reappear every three days and take it for a drag.
So take it for me, my misguiding Christian Sheet.
Treat your body like a temple.
Work out at the Lord's Gym and your feel is happy as an arm full of prey.
Rock solid.
On 2035, 60WQAM, the whirling dervish in the middle of your radio dial or on the ass end, the left end, whatever the hell it is.
Wow.
560, 705, 60.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I mean, this is just above and beyond.
Each time you think that they've eclipsed their all-time bonehead move, they come up with something even more embarrassing.
More humiliating, more unacceptable, more degrading, more idiotic, more audience unfriendly.
You know, it was starting that did make a good comment, the other day when he said,
QA has a reputation for being listener and media unfriendly.
Right.
Unless you're very jackass, you're right.
And of course, why would they gravitate?
Why would great gravitate toward very jackass?
Words of a feather, because they're like when it comes to radio manor on the same level.
WQAM, hello.
That's right.
What's all it?
Well, 30 and 560, WQAM, the whirling dervishes of the middle of your radio dial or on the ass end, the left and left and left.
You hear how long this delay is?
Sure do.
Five minutes.
I think it was 560, Pound 560, the end of the right.
Hello.
Hello.
Maybe they're just playing.
What they do, they call.
They call.
They call.
Who's probably the name?
WQAM, hello.
That was probably Ray Perry calling.
QAM.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, have you noticed the tendency of the merger of politics and sports and entertainment?
You're talking about spring or running for governor.
They bring his peas from Illinois.
They bring them back into Ohio after you've been gone for 10 years.
Right.
I'm from Northeast Ohio.
They just brought Goliq in from California and gave him a political talk show in Akron.
I hope you mentioned that we're trying, what the Democrats are doing and I'm not a Republican.
They're trying to gain back their dominance by going out and taking entertainment and politics.
And every time you watch a sports show nowadays, you've got Jimmy Carter or somebody on.
Well, it sure seems to be working like magic, isn't it?
It's not working.
It's not working, but you know.
I thought that Al Franken and Cass are in a land where we're going to put the Democrats over the top this last time on Skirra America.
Didn't seem to work out too well, did it?
No, but now they're trying this sports thing and I hope the public doesn't fall for bringing these up.
I wonder who they're going to bring in the Florida from California.
I don't say one thing though.
At least it's a breath of fresh air that not all the athletes have to be a bunch of right wing, Bible, thumping, court warners.
I mean, at least there's little balancers.
Yeah, but neither of them know what they're talking about because they've never been involved in the political process.
Exactly.
Okay, Neil.
Thanks a lot, Cali.
Good luck to us.
Okay.
We're drowning over here.
Kabala Kabala Kabala, leaders Holocaust slur.
This is from the BBC.
A senior figure in the controversial Kabala Center, Kabala.
The sex champion by stars including Madonna and Demi Moore.
See, there you go, Demi Kabala.
It's just, we don't even, Tarell Tarell.
What is this?
It's nonsense.
It's Kaka.
You know, people are dying like crazy, man.
We got epidemics.
We got tidal waves.
We got all kinds of Kakarag going on.
And we're worried about, do we pronounce it right?
Well, you know, I'm going to start mispronouncing all the time now.
Just to show you how little I care about minutia like that, about crap.
Anyway, a senior figure seems likely to spark a storm of protest by saying
Jews killed in the Holocaust brought their downfall upon themselves.
Oi!
Eliyoo Yardini of the London Kabala Center made the astonishing claim
to an undercover reporter investigating high-pressure sales techniques employed by the group,
which promotes its own brand of beliefs, part-Ancient Jewish mysticism,
part-sudo science, and part-bull crap, like 98-9%.
The probe also revealed how Kabala Center representatives claimed
bottles of healing spring water sold by the group could help cure cancer,
and how they sold a backstool a sufferer for hundreds of pounds, Britt.
Talking about the wartime massacred Jews,
Mr. Yardini said, just to tell you another thing about the six million Jews
that were killed in the Holocaust, the question was that the light was blocked.
They didn't use Kabala.
That's light with a capital L.
Got it?
I got it.
The claim provoked outrage from Kabala scholar Rabbi Immanuel Shucket from Ontario, Canada.
He said to me, this is one of the most obscene statements anybody could possibly make.
Genuine scholars of Kabala, Kabala, which is a respected brand,
respected by whom the other.
Ancient Jewish mysticism, reflecting Kabala Center as an opportunist offshoot,
rejected as an opportunist offshoot of the faith of charismatic leaders
who try to attract the rich and the vulnerable with the promise of health wealth and happiness,
kind of like Reverend Taka Mone, it sounds like to me.
The Holocaust claim comes in a secretly filmed BBC documentary,
one undercover reporter who suffered from cancer, went to the London Kabala Center,
a 3.7 million pound building that's almost over 7 million, about 7 million bucks
off Oxford Street seeking health and was offered a package of remedies for the disease for 860 pounds,
for about 2 grand.
The cost included nearly 400 pounds for 10 cases of Kabala water,
150 pounds for extra strength water, and 289 pounds for Zohar Vox de Kabala Bible,
another, another religion for crazy people, like Madonna and Demimur,
a second investor and I don't see who's the meat, or she's doing Aston Kuchi Kuchi.
I think I think Messin' Around with Em Young Boys is what got to her brain, you know what I'm saying?
All that comedy she's played with, yeah all that comedy she's playing with Em Young Boy, Aston Kuchi Kuchi.
Now what's that movie that he's in where he's running around naked now?
See he's got a lot of talent running around naked, that's it, nothing else.
And that show I saw it again, once in a while when I flip on a TV and I'm channel serving,
I'll see that 70 show, it's on about 8 million different channels.
And I'll watch it for five minutes to see, is it really as bad as I think it is, and yes it is.
Pretty weak.
It is just weak.
What does that red headed girl in there?
Just horrible.
Just with the mood test.
And I still say he's from the waist down, he's a woman, Aston Kuchi Kuchi.
I don't think he's got one.
Him and Yo, who else?
Chipper Jones has got a body like that, a violent abrasion.
Chipper Jones, Josh, I'm sure you do it, yeah.
He's got a body like a lady.
Now he's married with like a whole bunch of kids which doesn't prove anything,
he's got a just like, I think Aston Kuchi Kuchi and Chipper Jones are the same person from the naval down, lady.
A second investigator who worked undercover as a Cavalais Center volunteer for four months
was told how they come out of water worked with a devotee explaining,
we start with the purest artisan water, then we do the various meditations injecting energy to it.
It kind of sounds like holy water to me, right?
Yeah, same same difference and just for Jews.
That's a horrible Christ compelter.
Why can't you just have some holy water you want?
A horrible Christ compelter.
Yeah, there is only one.
The Cavalais Center website explained that a process called quantum resonance technology restructures the intermolecular binding a spring water.
Right.
Sure.
The investigation discovered the water actually comes from CJC bottling a bottling plant in Ontario, Canada,
which was the subject of a public health investigation in 2002 and how the water was tested.
CJC was ordered to improve manufacturing techniques, though there was no suggestion they were sold polluted water.
Yet the film also investigates the background of the sex founder, Dr. Pilla Berg,
who is known to follow, which is the RAV, Rav.
He could be if he was a good, he could be the Rev, Rev and Berg, but he's a Jew, so he's the Rev Berg.
He enjoys a millionaire's lifestyle, Los Angeles, just like the Rev and Kakamon.
The source of Mr. Berg's doctorate is not clear, but it is known that he was born 5L group burger in New York.
5L trained as a rabbi, a reby, and worked as an insurance agent before deserting his first wife and second children for second wife Karen.
That sounds like the religion is to me.
The couple then set up their first Kabbalah Center in Tel Aviv, the lucrative marketing operation for the water,
Zohar Books, Theskremes, Candles, Videos and Redstream bracelets worn by followers, came later.
Kind of like herbal life. Look, what happened to that guy? He's dead. What was his name? We don't know.
You know what I'm talking about with you, or the B-head of hair, whatever's name was. Herbal life.
He used the products, used the products, tried the products.
The organization claims to have Kabbalah centers in 40 cities worldwide and to be a non-profit making organization.
The center was asked about its views, including those on the Holocaust in the statement said,
the Kabbalah Center has not seen the BBC program, is unable to comment, accurately on its content.
Regarding fundraising, the statement went on as a registered charity.
The center has to fund, fund raise, to cover administrative costs and outreach work, the effects of which are felt across the world.
I'm daily basis. I don't feel it. You feel it? Well, I'll reach work. They're reaching out and grabbing your money. They're grabbing your wallet.
They're reaching out and touching it. They're reaching down and filling it.
The center was launched to the US Million Dollar Campaign, asking followers to donate money.
So it's all brand of Zohar Books and Water to be victims of the Asian tsunami.
In Israel, authorities have refused to give the charity a certificate of proper management for three years,
three years running because of accounting and adequate use in Britain.
The charity commissioners have criticized the center's accountants for significant shortcomings in transparency.
In other words, they're cooking at books. They're hiding all the money and they're just popping it up like crazy.
A bunch of suckers like you folks out there, the Kabbalah crowd. I don't think we have any. Do we?
Do you think we have any of those people in this audience? A lot of averages. We ought to have one or two.
Well, get a life. Get serious. W.A.C.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M.
Yeah, I want to speak to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil, you know this Kabbalah crap you're talking about?
Yeah, it is. And the Boketown Center Mall, and they have one of those kiabs talking all this, all the water and all the water.
And they're not selling it. So I sure wouldn't buy any of that crap. But but jeez, I didn't think jeez are so spotlight or whatever you call it.
That is correct. They're not they're not press lines. You just go to enter pricing businessmen. That's all.
Yeah. They're making a lot of money. Yeah. Okay. Maybe we need to told them you were Jewish. They might sell to your wholesale.
Yeah, not give me a deal. Good luck to you, Paley. Thanks. Well, I'll pray for you. I'll pray to Jesus in your name, sweetheart.
We got mad dog. Jim managed it too. He's not supposed to be on it today. Today was supposed to be the much valued new schedule.
Like Q.A.M. This is temporary. This is a little band-aid. Oh, no, no. You'll be picked up. That's machine lately. Oh wait.
Let's see. Let's see. But squeaking in the chair. Right. Oh, look at that. They got it done. Well, how do you like that?
I at least I hope they got it done. Now it says and again, market down in crayon or like an indelible anchor maybe in crossroad with this board. Yeah, chop is good.
Market and chop on your wrist. Like what's his name? What was his name in in Milito in Memento? What I'm trying to think of the after.
Guy appears. I appears. Well, am I good or what? I couldn't take out the name of the movie because I was too busy ahead of myself. I appears.
I wonder if he's related to Pierce Brosnan or Guy Madison. Never got Madison who was like a wild bill Hickock. I'm sorry.
I can't see that. He was guy. He was on TV. Guy Madison. He was a good looking guy. So now the new schedule. Are you ready?
Can you handle it? Strap yourself in again. You ought to be used to it by now. As these schedule keeps changing every few minutes.
Now it says on this schedule and it's written in ink, I do believe. Well, this is a fact.
So it's hard to tell it's a fact. Similarly, just like this station is a fact. Similarly, the real thing.
Tudor 4, Mohar Davidin.
So terrifying. So skanky. It requires an elite force of investigators. It's law and order. Courtney Love Unit.
We got to suspect you matches the description. Stragely bleached hair, slut makeup, dressed like a hooker. She's stumbling in her speech is swearing.
Gold Tours too? Yes sir. Just as I thought. It's Courtney Love. Let's roll! Don't miss law and order. Courtney Love Unit.
Freeze, Courtney Love.
Hey back off, Copper Earl. Whip it out.
Oh no. She's gonna flash your breast again. Take cover.
Woo!
Oh, nasty.
Stories ripped from today's headlines about a pseudo-sum reverty who is always ripped, law and order. Courtney Love Unit.
Now you'll get the punishment you deserve. We're putting you in the hole.
Paul, you mean you're putting my band back together?
No, that would be punishing everyone else. Law and order. Courtney Love Unit. Fighting crime has never been this unclean.
1245 at 560 W. So evidently, and I'm only assuming, and I guess I'll have to come back after lunch in the two minutes or four.
Right. Although Mohmay have some information about that. I guess I'll roll tape. I'm certainly not gonna sit here on my ass and forgo a good lunch to hear the Mohmay.
With all the respect.
Don't you understand, Donnie?
Absolutely.
So I'm to come back at four in the middle of passions, which is on 330 to 430. I guess I'll have to tape it on my pvr, my personal video recorder.
We keep saying tape. I'll have to record it.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
We don't say tape.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I'm about to say nice things about Jews in front of a Muslim clinic without getting shot on site.
I know there's no way he was going to sign all that crap.
No way.
The good thing you people came to your senses joyce because if you're going to continue trying to deal with people that way,
all you're going to do is create a lot of stress and aggravation.
We're all going to be in a box somewhere not a much used to you.
We're all going to be in a box somewhere not a much used to you.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
She then there put me in my grave.
What do they call that thing?
That's a lie.
That's a lie.
Oh yeah.
Slime 85.
Jav 85.
He's on it with Bob Eisenberg, a selling over there,
who hated me like poison.
Instead I was a f***ing idiot.
Or maybe it was a f***ing pole, I think.
That's the end.
And then of course, PD Lenny's over there.
He's busy running around all hopped up on whatever he's hopped up on.
Who else is there?
Tommy Denderberg is there.
That's what I should have played for the one and two hour.
I never thought about that.
Yeah, yeah, play that.
I never thought about that.
I never thought about that.
I never thought about that.
I never thought about that.
Who else is there.
Oh yeah.
If it weren't for me, there wouldn't be a one to two hour.
Can't you think of anything better to talk about?
No, I can't do it.
Tommy Denderberg from the old Iod Day, isn't any of his course,
would cheap channel.
He got locked in with him for a long time.
Poor Maria, what's his name?
I think he's dead.
One that gave a stroke to Ron and Wolf.
And Pete Boulder gave him a stroke.
Marie Living.
Wait, did you hear these two stories, boys and girls?
Something right up our alley.
All of us perverts.
Our Sweden perverts.
Porno drives technology development.
Can you believe that?
Oh, I do it.
As goes pornography, so goes technology.
The concept may seem odd, but it's history, but history is proven the adult entertainment
history to be one of the key drivers of any new technology in the home entertainment.
They know how to drive it.
Pornography customers have been some of the first to buy home video machines, DVD players,
and subscribe to high speed internet.
One of the next big issues in which pornography is can play the exciting role is the future
of high definition DVDs.
Isn't it interesting and old pervert like me?
We were just talking about that a couple weeks ago with my new TV, remember that?
Right.
High definition DVDs, HD DVDs, too many D's.
How about Kiki D and Noko breaking my heart, Elton John?
Whatever happened at Kiki D?
That was it, man.
That was it.
The multibillion dollar industry releases about 11,000 titles on DVD each year giving it
tremendous power to sway the battle between two groups of studios and technology companies,
competing to set standards for the next generation.
Pornography, the next generation, when that be a great, the Bill Shatner movie?
Well, don't put him in it.
It's short like, oh, why you haven't seen those spots with him and Mr. Spock?
Not together enough.
Later, no more others are great.
It's short like the buzz around the campfire said Peter Warren, DVD editor at industry
Bible, adult video news.
And that's the Bible.
Everybody's got their own Bible.
On one side of the divide is a standard called Blue Ray.
See, we were talking about this great back in the day.
Blue Ray backed by consumer electronics heavyweights like Sony, Phillips electronics, and Thompson
movie studios, Fox and Disney.
Blue Ray offers storage up to 50 gigabytes enough for nine hours of high definition content.
On the other side of the fight is HD DVD, which has much the same structure as content
DVD as correct DVDs.
And back to say, it's cheaper and easier to manufacture as a result.
Supporters of the disform format and it's 30 gigabyte capacity.
30 man.
And food companies like NEC, Toshiba, and Warner, time and more in a home video.
What does that mean?
Adult film producer, the way this is written out of the crap.
Adult film producers want the higher quality picture as well as extra space for creative
expression like giving viewers choice of camera angles.
Well, now we're talking.
Right.
I mean, they got that camera inside the net and hockey favorite decided to play again.
The net cam.
How about the ass cam or the ass to ask him for an hour for his weight in on the coming
battle last week at the industry's adult entertainment expo, which ran parallel with
the largest rest technology fair.
The consumer electronics show and had many of the same technologies.
Sometimes the generation ahead sentiment about format rivalry varies depending largely
on the size of the porn producer, the size of the producer.
Small amount fits into for HD DVD for his lower cost, which is a lot and while larger
outfits tend toward low rate for the capacity.
You know what this reminds me of?
It's like it's like beta and VHS all over you all over you.
See they can't just have one standard so that we can go on by one machine and then everything
you buy will work at a machine.
I'll be compatible.
No.
We're kind of riding it out a little further to see where the trend goes.
It says Jackie Ramos and executive in the DVD division.
Lead the important producer wicked pictures.
But if he had it to is Ramos said blue rate technology sounds pretty attractive.
Paul Heskey operating officer multimedia pictures in one of these smaller groups disagreed.
Most of the DVD manufacturers my business do not want the blue rate format because it
requires new capital investment.
He said I know for sure one format of the other will be out of the market by this time next
year.
Others say they want to see what consumers prefer.
And don't video news is war and said HD DVD production will be a fraction of a fraction
of the price of blue rate but that the latter format could not be dismissed.
Blue race going to be very expensive and one to do but it's going to be a player he said
they're going to be playing.
Many are watching the porn industry to see what happens that whole business has driven
technology adoption several platforms that one made your studio executive a better
more intense experience is a good thing for porn.
Now in line with that in tandem Columbia House famous for its 12 CDs for a penny record
clubs and of course once you sign up it takes 10 years to get off their mailing list.
We'll launch its own adult video club with table entertainment at the end of this month.
The service called Hush will sell pornography to direct mail in a website.
While 50 year old Columbia houses eager to cash in on the 12 billion dollar porn business
of missiles are pretty hush hush about hush.
This will be a separate subsidiary said Jim Litwack senior vice president of marketing
at Columbia House.
It'll be completely separate from Columbia House will not be marketed to current members.
We are not using Columbia House at all.
You're following this they want to distance themselves up.
No no.
We're not and are not talking to existing members is a separate business and deal.
I wonder if they're going to give you 12 of our porn videos a CD for a penny.
We'll see Columbia House to Nations largest direct distributor DVDs in home video will handle
distribution while Playboy which has an adult direct mail list is in the millions according
to Litwack will handle the marketing.
Litwack added that his company estimates that total adult video sell through in rentals
total five billion dollars a year.
At Dalton Entertainment Expo and Vegas size week meeting with producers and stressing
that hush will distribute adult content from other publishers beside Playboy.
Hush also insisted that it's starting with no members and is not piggybacking on existing
or piggybacking.
Yeah, that'll be a feature that do we start on existing Columbia House subscribers.
In the words of one company executive it will be a slow build last June Columbia House
darker quiet deal with playboy to add about 150 of its more tasteful product line of
the Columbia House DVD club.
It's also been test marketing adult titles to its Canadian subsidiary a Litwack said
very few former members have complained.
Well, why should they complain?
Somebody going to force them to buy it?
See, this is what gets me about people.
It's like going into a restaurant and you're like me.
I don't like fish.
They got 8000 other items on the menu and I go to the manager and say, how come you
got all this fish on the menu?
I don't like fish.
We got beer, we got pasta, we got anything else to say.
But I don't like fish.
Stop complaining already.
Quit your bitching is what I'm telling all you religions you Bible Thumper phonies
in addition to which they're watching more porn and all the rest of us put together.
Like they're at the Vatican where they got the world's largest porn collection for research,
of course.
Why do you think they wear those robes?
56070560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless line.
I would have thought this audience would be foaming at them out there.
We got to good news about that penciled in schedule.
When you, what are they going to say about it?
I don't know.
It's just something to say to try to motivate them to create something.
You know, like, hey, we're excited.
Goodbye.
You know, like that.
Thank God, my dog and co-ing are like that would be good, huh?
Right?
WQAM, hello.
QAM?
He's excited.
Right?
Cargely with razor blades today.
Good.
Long overdue.
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon.
How you doing?
Happy New Year.
And Cindy User.
It's January the 10th of the just under the deadline.
Oh, I haven't been able to get through to you because you're so damn popular.
Yeah.
And now that I was trying to get hold of you around Christmas time because you often praise
Al Michaels on play by play.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's a very devout Republican good friend of CW.
Well, I've also been knocking him lately.
So I probably was starting to get out of that about his affectations, the ball, the
ball.
I don't like the way he says the ball.
And all night.
Yeah.
I don't like that.
I know.
I didn't know for your words.
So in other words, if I like his play by play, if I think he's pretty good, I shouldn't
I shouldn't commend him because of his politics.
What do I care about his politics?
I don't know.
I, you know, I've got the circle wagon mentality since the election.
Yeah.
And, you know, they're the ones who made it up against them going back to New York,
1994 and I've got to say.
New York, by the way, you must be psychic.
I got that story.
He's trying to run again.
I do like that.
Oh, yeah.
I'll send open to a run.
He's going to run again.
Boy, I wonder if you've got a prop his wife up.
Even American Airlines, they never saw a guy with as much baggage as he's gone.
He thinks he's going to run for president.
Who's he can?
I wonder if he'll prop his wife up in the campaign.
The one he divorced.
I'll show you.
The one he divorced on the death bed, right?
Okay.
Listen, probably have a great year.
See, somebody's calling.
I think it's new.
Is that ridiculous?
There would be like Bernie Kerrick saying, well, I couldn't make it his home line security
chief.
So I'm going to run for president, right?
Right.
Oh, the stranger thing that's happened to that.
Never.
And he wouldn't get four vote.
Even the most right wing go in wouldn't vote for a new king.
He's new.
He's got too many sins on him.
Too much to blood to worry off his hands.
One 13 at 5, 60 WQAM.
It's time to talk about acceptance, capital mortgage, and everyone's main man Anthony
Kelly and though, whether you buy a new house or just refinancing, whether you're looking
to get cash out or just paying down your debt, acceptance capital mortgage will show you
the way to get it done.
Acceptance capital specializes in just about any situation that might come along and
they'll get it done when others can't.
They offer you 100% financing, auction arms, new construction loans, investor and commercial
properties, check out acceptance capital stress free mortgage payment program.
Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month with the
pick-up-pay program, no income verification is necessary, and your credit score doesn't
determine your approval.
Like all of the programs because acceptance capital mortgage they realize that sometimes
bad things happen to good people when they start stumbling and fumbling like me.
In most cases you can pull out cash pay off all your debts and still pay less for that
mortgage payment every month.
So call Anthony Kelly and I would accept an escape from this capital today and find out
why everybody says he'd be their main man.
That's acceptance capital mortgage column right now, 1-88483 loan.
That's 1-888-483 loan.
You're a new Roger.
You know that the Lord even loves new Rogers.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich has a stanky way.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Oh, there's the speaker.
There's the speaker.
The committee would like to know about the high key of seeking out money and debtors.
I see you.
Oh, they're not.
The committee sees no improv either.
There'll be no further destiny.
I saw him working on his deck, I blanched.
You come here, I'll be waiting.
Watch your side.
I'll be waiting.
I'll be waiting.
Oh, hey, baby, baby.
Can I give you the phone?
Who would have thought I'd ever would have thought that?
Come here, baby.
And meet the Jewish head singer of love.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Newt Gingrich does a hanky pay.
Why don't you?
We'll be waiting.
We'll be waiting.
We'll be waiting.
We'll be waiting.
We'll be waiting.
One night, King.
Anyway, Newt Gingrich has taken steps in a potential presidential bid in 2008.
With a book criticizing President Bush's policies on Iraq and a tour of early campaign states.
Who is he?
The former House Speaker who led Republicans to power decades ago.
He said he soon will visit Iowa, New Hampshire to promote his book to try to influence public policy and keep his political options alive.
Anything seems possible including a White House race.
Kingrich told A&P.
The quoteable and controversial former Georgia congressman now runs a consulting firm in Washington is promoting winning the future a 21st century contract with America.
He seemed to welcome the thought that the book tour will increase speculation about his political ass perations.
It never hurts to maximize opportunities.
That's the great American tradition, Kingrich.
Ashton, he might be a candidate himself.
He said for an army brat from Pennsylvania, became the only Georgia Republican in the House.
And the first Republican speaker in the last 40 years, anything seems possible.
I don't think it's very likely.
On the other hand, if I have an impact on public policy and do it a way that's exciting and positive, why wouldn't I want to do that?
Who are you, kid?
You're a little pudgey piece of crap, man.
You're phony baloney.
The rush limbaugh of the House.
Putting the finger, everybody else is evil.
Everybody else is a drug doer.
Everybody else is a philanderer.
And the meantime, he was like his poor wife.
He's not a cancer on her days.
On her deathbed, he shows up to have her to try to coerce her to send the divorce papers.
Right.
And the hurry before she croaks.
Yeah.
I would be surprised to see a materially shybo's bedside trying to get his ass into the will.
Chris says there's already a dildo camera.
Carefully read that.
I'm being pardoned.
Carefully read that.
I see it.
I see it.
The attacks a small video camera, the tip of very large golo.
And you can watch as the camera enters a...
...or...
...cool.
Well, he didn't have to write that.
Right, they could really ask.
Let's go.
Can you clean it up a little, Chris there?
Some of the ones I've seen enter a...
...oh, okay.
Well, we don't want to get him through a whole thing like that.
Just keep your nose on it, everybody.
Restombs.
And we'll all be live better for it.
The Italian Cardinal sent by Pope John Paul the toothless year to try to diswave President Bush from invading a raxid today.
The President promised that the US operation would be quick.
Well, guess what, Cardinal?
He lied.
He's got a habit of it.
He ought to probably be in management at QAM.
Cardinal T. O. Loggy visited Bush at the White House.
On March 5, 2003, to relay the Pope's position that dialogue, not arms,
should be used to resolve the crisis over a rax, which the US accused of harboring weapons of as destruction.
When I went to Washington as the Pope's envoy just before the outbreak of the war in Iraq, Bush told me,
don't worry, your eminence will be quick and do well in Iraq.
He told the Italian Catholic TV station, Telepache, which was broadcasting the Pottas Annual Adrested diplomats.
When the US went to war in Iraq, Loggy called the attack on Baghdad, tragic and unacceptable.
And for once, they were...
Absolutely correct, sir.
...in the Vatican.
Unfortunately, the facts have demonstrated that the act of war that things took a different course, not rapid,
not favorable, they prelett told Telepache, Bush was wrong.
Loggy was the Vatican's first envoy to Washington in the 80s and established a friendship with Bush's father, former president George Herbert Walker,
and he said, for your father, for your father, don't do it.
Don't do it.
And he did it.
And we're still over there, and it's like a bloodbath.
Every day, more bad news than, of course, nobody cares.
It wouldn't surprise me if I'd done... what was his name?
Corleo.
No, no, the one that then Italy is a bad news, Delemnica.
Oh, uh...
Don't come to see me while the dollar is getting out of the seat.
Oh, there you go.
I know my Don's, man.
Like it brains them.
New York, in a transcript of an interview with the Boston Globes, Ty Burr published this weekend on the newspaper's website,
actor activist Sean Penn reflected on the criticism he received in the media about his two visits to Iraq.
I wrote a letter to the Washington Post a couple years ago before we went to the war, Penn said,
The very things I was criticized for saying then are now being reported by Bill O'Reilly.
I was criticized for suggesting the possibility there were no weapons of mass destruction.
But the bigger issue is that it's an absolutely stupid notion that you should take the title of someone's profession
and attach it to what they should not do.
It has nothing to do with citizenry.
I think they should shovel with their hypocritical Ronald Reagan's standard right up their ass.
You go, Sean.
Good for you, baby.
Good.
A lot of things getting shoved up a lot of asses.
I'll tell you that right now.
From what we just had.
Yeah.
Anyway, what we got in the pool.
Where was God when we had that horrendous tsunami?
I bet you it's going to be 200,000 before they get done.
Oh yeah.
It's over 150,000 now.
Sure.
God is a figure that a man's creation, 172 of you said that.
There is only 145 said that.
God doesn't interfere with nature, 117.
Just like Mama Corleone said.
Don't interfere.
Remember that?
Right.
When they were at the dinner table and sunny started giving Carl a little, what for there.
Don't ever talk to my sister or whatever.
Sentino.
Don't interfere.
Morgana King, we love her rest in peace.
A lot of dead people from that movie, you know what?
Well, it's old movie.
Let's see.
God was planting the outcome of football game is 95.
God caused it to punish the infant, L35.
He was smoking to make fat 123.
God was on vacation 18 and God keeps screwing up 8.
Let's see.
Tessio, 8, go to his dead, right?
No, he's dead.
Get out of your face.
He's not dead.
He's not dead.
Sounds fishy to me.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Are you sure?
Clensy, he's dead.
Paul Castellanos.
Right.
He's dead.
He's a big and fat.
Tessio on the other hand was tall and skinny.
Still alive.
Let's see.
Who else?
Marlon Brando, big and fat?
Dead.
Morgana King, big and fat?
Dead.
See that?
Uh-huh.
See a pattern developing here?
For a dude.
Who else was in there?
Eli Wallach?
He's the skinny.
Huh?
He's the dead.
He's not?
I don't think so.
Damn it.
Look at that.
Who will it, Josh, please, Eli Wallach?
Uh-huh.
Who else am I leaving out?
Uh-uh.
Robert Tadu, while he's still going strong, he's still alive.
Uh-uh.
Mo Green.
He's still alive, right?
I suppose.
I don't know what that actor's name was.
Mo Green.
We always, uh, hit a snag there.
Doing?
I don't know who he was.
Do you know who I am?
No.
I'm Mo Green.
I made my vote when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Oh, I know who's still alive.
I'm Al Martino.
Johnny Funtay will never get that moving.
Wait, okay.
What about, uh, he just died.
Now remember, we had that on.
Right.
They got it played, um, don't tell me.
Uh, waltz, Jack Walsk.
Right.
Or is it waltz?
Whatever is on the market.
You know, I'd say to one thing, anybody that ever wants to, uh, put a horse's head in somebody's
bed, lots to God thought.
I was thinking about this in the shower yesterday morning.
I mean, I realized it's fiction that we're supposed to have a, you know, give them a little
slack for, uh, artistic, uh, whatever they call it.
But you have to, you have to give them a lot of credibility that somebody could be sound
to sleep.
And of course, keep in mind that the, the sheets and the blankets were all like wrapped
up.
Remember that?
Right.
Because he was unrolling, unfolding all of them.
So somehow while he was in the bed, they sneaked in and stuck cartoons head in the
bed while he maybe was a sound sleeper.
Luca.
Luca did it.
Luca did it.
Right.
And they extended, uh, if you watch your entire, all the missing scenes and everything.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He, uh, right after the meeting, he calls Luca in to go take care of it.
I'm sure Luca, what they're with a staff.
So I guess that was before Luca went to visit Bruno to tell you.
That was supposed to establish what kind of a badass Luca was to us.
Really?
Of the audience, but then they took it out.
Howdy, damn.
Don Coyote.
I am Marlon.
And grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding.
So Luca was the day go get any walk that came out of the woodwork.
Oh, I see.
See, that'll fare how many?
Well, it just took one big one.
Here's a, it says, hey, no, why does QM create a new revenue stream by doing online auction for talk show hosts for the 47 times lot?
Can you imagine one from a little Havana, uh, Richie from Bore said, Mark the Jets fan and all the other chronic sports nerds can, uh, make their sports.
Broadcasting dreams come true.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, of course, Lenny Martez is the sidekick.
Luca Brunner says, no green is dead.
Oh, I know who else is dead and that's McCluskey.
It was, um, Sterling Hayden.
Right.
Well, he's the right.
The viola he said, that's in the city.
Eli Wallach is alive.
Oh, damn it.
There is no God.
That proves it right there.
We just proved it.
People will say, oh, you think there's no God prove it.
We just did 20.
It after one at five 60 WQM, the viewer less than 50 grand last year.
If the answer is yes, it's definitely time for a career change.
So pick up that phone or just final it and call fast train at 1 866 fast train.
Fast train can have you trained already for a new high-paying career in a short of time is just four short months.
Fast train offers high demand-pay career training.
If you like computers, if you ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train.
And don't forget that the demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
And fast train can have you trained already for that new career in as little as four months.
I think I just got to you saying that fast trains got locations all over South Florida.
So no matter where you live, there is likely going to be one nearby you.
Kindle Miami, Pembert Pines and Ford Lauderdale.
Fast train offers you job placement, financial aid for people who qualify too.
They evening and weekend classes are forming right now.
So if you'd like to get off that dead-end job of yours, if you'd like to say goodbye to your schmuck boss, here's the answer for you.
Get yourself some real cash with a real career and real training.
Call fast train today 1 866 fast train.
Let me say it again.
866 fast train.
You are listening to Neil Roger get exclusively on 566.
You're all on it.
You above all the names of the fans I like.
And if you scroll down you will see you're a visitor 27.
On the left there's a bunch of links to every puppy ever so I got a chat room but no one's there.
I'm working on a screen saver.
So if you have some target fans, if you don't have any friends, there's a place I recommend.
It's all about me.
What I hate, what I love, it ain't all there in my box.
And be free that don't play and I update them every day.
It is free, you don't have to play.
But I do accept donations.
It proves I don't have a life.
Welcome to my site.
Welcome to my site.
Welcome to my site.
Welcome to my site.
So many lonely showdowns and so little time you know what?
133 27.0205 60 WQ and we got more Howard David it.
Coming up at 2 o'clock this afternoon and then we got the mad dog in his permanent position.
We hope 4 to 7.
I guess these are both going to be permanent until they change it all again.
Right.
Anybody who thinks the word permanent is in our vocabulary with you am and you must be delusional.
Mo2 to 4, mad dog 4 to 7, yelled 7 to 10, 8K 10 to 2.
Sounds like a plan to me.
And then of course in the morning we got the big, he's really rock solid.
5 to 7.
So hopefully I said you were alarm for like 6.58 for the last break, you won't hear a word of it.
And then the hopper from 7 to 10.
A panel of linguists has deemed red state, blue state, purple state,
the phrase that most covered the nation's lexicon in 2004.
Most covered the nation's lexicon in the real plan.
We're very good at it.
Attendees at the annual convention of the linguistics inside of America.
Oh and before I get this story on Spanelinguistic that spot that we just played there for whatever that was.
What was that?
How many even see it on the log?
What?
The one where he said the P word in there?
Had to be America's doctor I would imagine.
No, it wasn't about doctor.
What are you talking about?
What kind of log have you got?
Well I'm in the wrong hour.
Wow, what do you know?
I'm in the wrong hour.
You must have faxed me the log pages George backward or something.
Say George always does that.
When Josh sends the pages in the right order.
I'm in the 10 o'clock hour.
Haven't you noticed I've been doing the spots all on order?
Not really.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh man!
Blue.
Yeah, he said the P word.
He said something about abused it too much as a boy or something like that.
You didn't hear that?
I heard that.
So I guess the deal is that if I said or you said or anybody else on the payroll assistant.
Then we're going to be fined and go to jail.
I figured it was kind of harmful.
But if somebody pays us to say it in a commercial land it's okay.
Because the world is living by one set of standards and we're living by another.
Joyce is a citizen.
Right.
But my point being that Joyce won't object as long as somebody is paying us and they can say whatever they want.
Right.
Maybe you could pay to say the word like put a little one of those jars like the square jar and the porter in there.
Okay, couldn't hear that.
No.
Anyway, it was the best candidate for word of the year said Dennis Preston, meaning red state blue state purple state.
They professor of linguistics said Michigan State University.
It engaged the American public for the entire year.
Nothing showed the bloodthirsty population engaging election is this.
Other nominees for word of the year were flip flopper.
A politician who changes political stances.
I can't imagine who they were talking about.
Meetup, a local special interest meeting organized to a national website.
Mashup, a blend of two stocks of albums in a way similar cohesive musical work.
And word drove malfunction and unanticipated exposure of bodily parts which we all know what that was all about.
Word drove malfunction.
One little teeny tiny flash of a breast in America loses its grip on reality.
It goes crazy.
You thought maybe they would have tightened their grip but no, no.
They lost their grip on reality and they just went bonkers over a little abreastie there on a...
Oh, there were children watching.
Oh yeah, big deal.
What we do.
I don't think there lives will ever be this end again to you.
No, this scarred for life.
There's scarred for life.
Haven't seen Janet Jackson's booby.
In fact, I'd be honest with you, I think the more dangerous thing on it was seen just in Tinkerbell at all.
That's more scarry than seeing anything on that pitch.
But...
I got all this stuff here.
I think I'm going to squeeze it all in.
We could take more calls but, eh, I don't know.
It's Monday, right?
Give these people...
They're probably all like right now I have a new Mad Dog celebration party.
Oh, right.
And you think...
Oh, I know, sir.
Toilet party, of course.
In honor of him evidently signing or at least...
No, I don't think in principle I'm thinking I would have done it.
Just like with me.
Get the signature on the page.
Let's cut the crap.
Let's take away all this extraneous stuff he wanted me to sign that there's not a chance.
He...
I knew he wouldn't do it.
I knew it.
Don't do it.
In addition to which I think I said a good person in there.
I didn't sign.
I absolutely refused to do it.
And I think he did the same.
So there's the guys with the big balls there.
Old Neil and the Mad Dog.
We got the big...
We got the big...
What do we got?
Of course, Molly's got something.
He's in old smoothie now.
Now, stop and think about him.
I wonder what his game plan was today.
Was he coming in to do the show at two?
And then they said, oh no, it's going to be at four.
Oh no, now it's going to be two again.
I'm sure they asked him really nice.
And you know, for the time being until we can hash this all out.
Yeah.
Maybe they're just going to get in with him for past the sins.
Houston tops the US magazine's annual...
Fattest City's list for the fourth time in five years with four other Texas cities
wobbling into the top 25.
What is it about all in fat people in Texas?
Fast food restaurants.
Houston has got twice the national per capita average are partly to blame for this honor.
Men's tennis editor-in-chief Neil Bolton said, Americans work long hours, don't take vacations.
And when you're faced with a worse nutritional choices, you indulge in those, he said.
High humidity, poor air quality, and some of the nation's longest commute times also help Texas
is most popular city on C. Detroit, the 2000 for heavyweight champion magazine said.
Houston Mayor Bill White, who has worked with a major growth center for
remote healthy food in the city's public school, so presented to improve lunch venues, called the survey,
mostly voodoo and fraud.
Voodoo and Dudoo.
On the other hand, it calls the attention to real issues the mayor is trying to address his folks in Frank Michael said.
The magazine said it looked as factors like the number of types of restaurants,
park space, air quality, weather, and the number of health clubs.
The... let's see... Philadelphia, Detroit, Memphis, Tennessee and Chicago followed Houston on the seventh edition of the Fattest.
Texas cities, Dallas and Antonio, four-worth out of the past, were in the top 14, which Bolton said was no surprise.
It's pure big indulgence, just living big and as part of the Texas culture said Bolton.
Seattle ranked as the fittest city, fittest, followed by,
Thanalulu, which makes sense to me.
Although I guess they were counting all the big Samoans out there, what do they call those people?
Samoans?
Oh, and then a lot of the wines are like that too, they've to port up, I don't know what the... like real Hawaiians.
Right, they can get ported.
Thanalulu, Colorado Springs, San Francisco, and Denver, Austin and Arlington,
Dallas, four-worth, summer, were the only Texas cities on the Fitlist, and that of course is because Austin is like where the living and breathing of the liberal supposedly used to be, but they kicked them out, and then he chopped up Manal and Oher.
Austin was 19, Arlington, 22nd out of 25.
Hey, shops are up in the... misfit sun, too.
For hair looks done, John Oher.
Like she said, man, just stop and think about it, she's the only guest I ever had in my show, I just chopped this in the rain, like almost in a blender.
Well, that retired before something like that would happen.
And believe me, there was plenty of... plenty of her to chop up, and they should've probably put her into wood shipper.
You think?
What a stud thing's a load.
Yeah, they would've still had to do some chopping together into pieces that would fit in there.
And of course the sun.
Oh, he's a little jai, kind of funny looking.
And he's a big fat guy, kind of funny looking.
John Oher.
Who had a hair lip, as a matter of fact.
No Kim DeFranciso here, by the way.
19, 02, at 560, Howard David at 2, the Mad Dog at 4.
The most bizarre series of ongoing series here in it just never ends.
It just keeps on going and going and going.
And it drives your bunny, that's QAM.
The insanity never ends.
47 at 560, nobody can hear it.
I feel like we've, I don't know, achieved a certain, like we've reached the pinnacle, we've reached the mountain top, haven't we?
A plateau.
Yeah.
You look at the top of the most head again?
I think it was that flat.
McDonald's may soon be going upscale with its coffee greenery report today.
USA Today says the world's largest fast food company has said to test and then offer premium coffee at all of its 13,000 restaurants either later this year or already 2006.
The movie scene is an attempt to capture the share of the 8.9 billion dollar specialty coffee market after the number of adults drinking coffee nearly doubled in last four years.
Amelace could boost the company sales by 2% a year as coffee is the main attraction to a breakfast menu.
Although it could force competitors to follow suit, Burger King to find comment USA Today and Wendy's told the paper had no plans to change its coffee.
Both 7.11 and Ducodona's about a gourmet coffee in the last two years.
And both have seen healthy sales, although Amelace and McDonald's moving to the market will pressure those companies.
You're going to have something to watch that, that rubber down a Burger King, right?
Right.
McDonald's, I mean, does it really make a difference?
No.
Where would you rather get your coffee? Starbucks or McDonald's?
I'll rest my case.
Now Larry Faxes and says, Alex Rocco played Mowgreen.
For some reason, I'm sure we've done it before, right?
Right.
He just doesn't ring a bell.
Do you know who I am? I'm Mowgreen.
I made my bode when you were going on with cheerleaders.
Well, that's great, but you're still dead.
He's dead. Just as an FYI Larry says who should have quit while there was a head.
Randy Moss never took his pants off, thus only simulating a moon, not actually shooting one.
Yeah.
We all saw it about 4,000 times, okay?
They've shown it over and over again.
Just like that guy that fell in the drink, as they were making it out of there.
With their lost his trousers.
Yeah, lost his trowel.
And so as a result, we see that over and over and over again.
So anyway, Randy Moss, he's still, he's simulating the moon.
If we want to be technically correct and politically, uh, as an I, so we can't really answer that answer.
Randy Moss is an idiot.
Tried all these hot dog athletes, man.
Got to do all this nasty, stupid ass crap.
Everybody with an attitude, including the police in Lamarck, Texas have an attitude.
Police are investigating after 10 students between the ages of 10 to 11, 10 to 12,
were strip shirts while officials at their award winning charter school tried to find a missing $10 bill.
Seven girls and three boys at the mainland prep academy were searched during a study hall yesterday or Thursday.
After one of the girls reported the money and missing said, Prince of Wilma Green, the money was not found.
Oh, I guess they forgot to look at everybody's.
That's them, huh?
They would have been there.
The search is angered at least one parent who filed a complaint with Lamarck School of Police and pulled her for sure around the school.
I've never signed any consent to let my kid be strip-search.
Never said Shelley Owens, mother of a 12-year-old boy who was searched.
I went along with some of their methods in the past, but they would always call me.
But no way Jose would have I ever allowed this.
Police hope to interview all the children this week, then forward their findings to the Galveston County District Attorney's Office for Review.
It is not illegal to Lamarck Police Chief Richard Price said, we don't see it as a criminal offense.
We want to see if anything occurred during the search that was illegal.
We want to make sure that everything was done legally.
Green who authorized the search and said the school's connected side searches in the past without calling parents.
I've done it before, she said, never had a complaint.
I can't see if it happened again. I wouldn't do the same thing.
In Thursday search, the boys were sent off with a male teacher and the girls with a female teacher who told them to strip to their underwear.
All your kids out there for teachers tells you to strip to your underwear run like a son of a bitch and call a police.
Nobody objected to it, Green said most of the kids didn't mind because they want to get their name cleared.
It was no different than what the students would be doing when they would be in PE.
We searched everything out of the socks. That's where they hid it in the socks, right?
Of course, where would you put it?
Lermark is about 40 miles southeast of Houston.
Oh see, Houston where all those fat people are.
You see all those ties together? All that fat that goes to your brain and you start making kids strip searching and doing all kinds of sick things.
It's a food thing, man. That's the problem. That's the excuse.
Speaking of a food thing, haven't I always told you to not go on a cruise? Haven't I told you that?
You haven't. I told you that. Big, you have. Don't do it. You go on a cruise, you lose.
An outbreak of no-walk type virus, sick in 112, were all terabian passengers and crew members.
During a five-night western Caribbean cruise that ended Saturday at Port Everglades, a cruise line spokesman said,
nothing good happens out of cruise ship, okay? Nothing.
Except they make a lot of money off of you suckers out there.
The outbreak of the 1950 passenger enchantment of the seas left 104 passengers and eight crew members with nausea, vomiting, vomiting,
and diarrhea. All we can say for that is, yeah.
The virus, which lasts up to 48 hours, does not require special medical treatment.
It was traced away man-made symptoms two days before boarding the ship Monday, company spokesman Michael Sheen said,
rucks, rucks, russle. That's his name, rucks.
Rough. He be reported from all the north for a line was on board with 22 of all of celebrating his parents' 50th wedding anniversary.
His fiancee, Natasha Parker, was one of the first people to get sick. She was puking at the upside.
He came down with symptoms Thursday night and the return leg of the cruise to Key West,
cause the male-mixer from Belize City Belize. Parker was so sick that Russell insisted the medical staff
to be in the ship's infirmary even though crew members warned him that he would have to pay to wait the doctor in the middle of the night.
Oh, he's sleeping out. I mean, he's puking her guts out and thinks she's dying over there.
We're going to wake him up. We have to pay him an extra special.
What a Russell's nephew also ended up in the infirmary after falling ill.
Royal Caribbean official sent a statement Saturday that the company takes all health issues seriously
and has taken numerous protective steps to maintain the high health standard on board the ship.
But Russell described the cruise response to the illness outbreak as lackluster.
I don't want to make it look like the overall experience with that Russell said it was pretty good to get the whole family together.
Unfortunately, several members ended up getting sick.
The oral walk virus. I like that.
No cruise in baby. Unless you want to make a iris in some more money.
I mean, you wouldn't think the 9 billion that his daddy took off is real life should be enough to keep him going.
That's sure. He said, we don't want to make a difference.
I love this game.
