When you're wrong, you're wrong. You know you move on. Hello. Hello. Oh, I'm on. You're on. That was Reverend Jones by the way. The
Unchist Reverend Jones your last car. That last guy was. Oh, maybe we can get familiar with his voice to keep that guy off.
We can hook him up with Joyce and the two of them we can get a package deal. I wouldn't. Yeah, I would.
I was thinking when I heard through the grapevine about your latest developments and I'm thinking maybe you
could a mad dog and I can like chip in for a hitman. You know, it can be too much. Why do I have to go through this?
It's like, you know, it's actually I understand totally what mad dog is going through. I thought I had it done.
I went through the same thing. I know through exactly the same thing. Let me just get a little piece of advice not that you need it for me.
Just tell him to blow it out their ass. I'm not saying any of that crap and you know,
they're pretty sure. Kavine likes you to with me. I mean, I should sign something that says that if I say something that's offensive to somebody.
Whoever heard us. What does that mean? I've been. I've really have stupid.
He's the judge. Pull the same stuff with you guys that they pulled verb made a word for word.
This Joyce, this rhymes with which and other things.
She's got the beastly convinced that she's going to save them from all of us.
And dangerous people like these talk show like us as opposed to the, you know, the book comes out on Friday.
We get this tremendous book. We're making money hand over a fist if they could sell it, which they can't.
But and all they want to do is a brow beat everybody. It's like some kind of a pain contest.
I don't get it. I just, you know, and I also am not going for it.
No, of course not. Absolutely not. I mean, this is, I mean, you basically it's the most one sided document I've ever read.
Other than, you know, other than a Ricky Williams column by what's that?
I said, if you woke up in the morning on a wrong side of bed or came in and looked at somebody cross eye, you're fired.
I mean, what kind of a contract is that? Yeah.
Based on somebody's whim, especially in a place like that.
So were you at the Trump wedding? No, I was at the woodbine.
Better off as I said, I'm winning $200 bucks. Not too bad. Not a bad.
I had a good day actually, betting Gulfstream up the Palm Beach, Kennell Club.
And I know you want to apologize for like everybody else selling my Patriot short on Friday.
And it was that's okay. That's okay. That happened.
Nobody gives me a day like they Rodney Dangerfield or football. Nobody gives me respect.
Oh, I respect them. I mean, I keep pounding the crap out of all these crowded teams.
The colds, the Steelers, they just outtried and outcoast them too.
How about power going for a field goal on fourth and a one and a half?
Yeah, that's beyond me. Pay is very first decision.
And then the Patriots get fourth and one and a half late in the game and they sew it up.
They kill off for about two and a half minutes at a clock by a goal important making it.
I'll tell you the very first decision, power made in the game going for a fourth and one
from the 39 yard line was ridiculous too to give them the ball there.
Right. When you know, their defense can play.
It's backwards when he shouldn't have done that. He did the other way around.
But I thought the game was over when Brady hit that first touchdown pass.
Right. I mean, I didn't have to suffer.
Did I?
Yeah, I know you didn't. But I mean, it was over at that point.
And I was hoping they played another quarter and get at least 60, 70 points just, you know,
this is quite. I, and even that, but you're right.
That's good. You know, when you have fourth down on a two yard line and you're two touchdowns
behind in a four, four, what kind of a base move was that basically is like going for a two point
conversion. I mean, you've got to do it. Right. And to have given, you know, to take that
bill, to fall the starts out, I think, because at that point in the game, they had to
momentum. They did. They were stopping the way. Right. So, but you know what? I won three or
my four props. Yeah. So I'm happy about that. They had the big mole going. You know, I mean,
you know, something yesterday we had a massive power failure in Toronto. Okay.
Because I water main verse yesterday morning about seven o'clock freezing just unbelievably freezing.
So I can't watch the first game on TV. So I'm listening on radio. Now, who's the guys that
outwester who did that first game? No, I don't think he works anymore. I don't know who this guy
was really bad. And then he's promoting the fact, Marv Albert's going to be doing the Patriot
Steeler game. And I'm thinking to myself, if somebody worked such a hard ass, he could have been
doing that second game. I don't want to mention any name. I mean, you should work for a Westwood
one. I remember him. Yeah. Yeah. But he is not there anymore because everywhere he goes, it's
the same deal. Oh, um, is to know him is to a harem. Kind of like Joyce. Maybe he could
lope with Joyce. He has a wife. Yeah. He's not going to get something going. Or maybe at least he
can center the muskrat. Wouldn't that be a good thing? So I'm from Oda muskrat ramble.
Do you got to give me credit for that? I'm a guy that embarrassed him out of a ditch in the muskrat.
Just like I do with Steve Ziggler and IOD. Oh, yeah. I didn't know that Steve did that. Yeah.
Well, what little I have is mine. Yeah. That's all I can tell you. I can say the same thing, but I'm not
talking about here. I know. Well, listen, don't spend it all in one place. Spend what? I have no
contract. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about your winnings from the weekend. Oh, I did
well with the Gulf Stream card. I'm sorry. Actually, but you know something you talked about.
The announcer there. And I'm alive in the pick six after four races. And I got a horse who's on
top lane by two lanes as they get to the top of the lane. And as soon as he said, he's like mush
in the broxtail. As soon as he said, he's the strong horse coming down the stretch. Yeah, he's
extending his lead. And I'm looking at the horse shortening stride. And I just took my ticket and
ripped it up. But I do like his frozen meals, though. Hey, you have a nice afternoon, whatever.
Yeah, I'll give it a shot. Stay warm. Maybe I'll give it a shot too. I'm ready. Just in the leg to
wake her up. Don't do it, Hank. Don't do it. Don't bend. Don't yield. Not to worry. There you go. See you. See you.
Well, when I went outside, I almost died. My butt rolls from the inside. It's 16.
m
I'm a real damnish color, I'm fine on the neck
To reach your toesies, to my precious nose
Guys watch out for your door goals
Attention ladies, listen, you may go from a deep to a
Make up cuz it's color and hell and hair is high in town
I drop my keys and they never fail
In 60, the door's a door for me
Damn it's color
Pen O 5 and 560 WQ, I'm happy Monday too
All of this is supposed to be the most depressing day of the year, do you know that?
Do you know what because of the Johnny thing?
Oh and I forgot to mention the heck about Roger D'Angine that died
Got killed
Who?
Jockey, all the more time of South Florida jockey
Some you wouldn't know about, right?
Something really important
And of course the big news, which I told you on Friday, I heard it right here first
So I guess it's my fault, I didn't do it though
Okay, it's usual, okay now
Remember I was reading that story and I kept going here
And I couldn't figure out why I kept playing a theme song
I had the story from the inquirer and I saved it because it was such an important story
Now why I saved it?
Oh no, I saved it because the picture of Miguel from Passons
was on that desperate house by the show on the other side
It's dark naked just about
And anyway on the other side, Johnny Carson's secret medical emergency
We had it for you right here first, okay?
So when somebody's dying around the verge of it, you'll hear it here first
Do you know what I mean, Joyce?
What?
Oh no listen seriously, if she had like an embolism or something
I mean we'd have a party
I'd actually fly down and I catered the party, I'd spring for big bucks to celebrate that
The way that they're brow beating the talent man
You know this crap about Greg comes in around Friday
I'll be sure to tell you congratulations on a great book
Yeah, thank you very much by the way, Greg, for jerking me around and lying through your teeth
And thanks for the way that your corporate is treating all the other people on the year
And it's kind of like this is an automated radio station
I see very jackass has got that column about so-called 1400s sports station
Nobody ever heard of before is blowing off all the local talent because they can't make payroll
You think we got no spots, you can imagine what they're selling, not even a dollar or a heart
So just brow beat all the talent man, this is what I keep telling you
That's why the people listen to this radio station not because of Joyce Spitz
Not because they love the beesleys and their corn cob, whatever they're doing over there with them
Or because they love Greg Reed or Mufflin Z or Clarence who's not sick again today
Probably got a bad dose of something from the beast
No, it's because of the talent man
I have to keep playing, I have to play a loop of that all day long
You know what, it's the talent, okay, until they get on
One more because it takes a shot at Hank in there too, the Humper
That's okay
Well, because back in the day he was a one of the sports nerds on IOD
Him and Joseph Gack Gack Gack Gacky
Johnny Carson is dead and it's just, I don't want to pee on everybody's parade, okay?
Another piece of my childhood
And I was iced or washing with my mother
I remember she used to stay up late every night watching
She's not a person showing the late late show
I mean, you really don't want to say what you really feel because they're, oh gee, the guy's done
He's a legend
Okay, I just never make fan of his
After growing up watching Steve Allen and Jack Carr
To me, which Johnny Carson did on the night show
Was like, pedestrian at best and just overrated at worst
I mean, highly overrated and other guys dead
But at least one good thing I'll give him for is like after he retired
He went out on top, didn't hang on too long
And then when he retired he went into the background
And enjoyed his life, whatever he could while he was dying of emphysema
And threw him and smoking up a storm
And that said he stayed out of everybody's face
Like Andy Williams is another guy
He stays out of your face, right?
Right?
I haven't seen him
No, he has that golf tournament, I guess, or at least he used to do it every now and then
That's it and he just stays out of your face
That's the way to do it
Instead of keep coming back and topping up on talking some kind of crap like Cheetos or some garbage
And then J.Lo was a pain tribute there
Of course, you know, up until he croaked
And then the person was right in comedy bits for Letterman
He was writing jokes for Letterman
Because he wanted Letterman to beat the crap out of J.Lo
Right
Because he realized that J.Lo was garbage, just a walking chin
In fact, J.Lo, ought to be Chinese, wouldn't you think?
Yeah, he's one of those eight million chins in New York phone book
God, can't stand J.Lo
I don't want to start bitter though, because this is the most depressing day of the year
We got that story, got a lot of stories
Johnny Carson late night TV legend dies at 79
You know how many years he hosted the night show?
30
But 30, man
Died Sunday of Emphasima
All you punks out there are smoking osfaggots
Let me tell you right now Johnny
Should be a listen to all you okay?
What was that?
Am I emphasied there?
Oh
He passed away yesterday morning
Carson's nephew Jeffrey Sotsing told CNN
No memorial service, no big dog in pony show
He is a private guy, I want to be left there alone
And I like that, more power to him
Nice going, Johnny
Even though your show I thought was marginal
Carson a long time smoker was 79
And I announced in 2002 that he was suffering from the disease
He was hosted late night talk show from October 1st, 62
To May 22, 1992
Take me over from Jack Par
He couldn't lick Jack Par's ass
And handing off to J.Lo
After 4531 episodes
It's a sad day for his family and for the country
Late Joe Host David Letterman said in the statement yesterday
He was the best of star in a gentleman
That's what he said
Carson took the local file out of the video
Tonight showing 92
He's been greatly missed since his return
And he was a great chairman Letterman said
Thank God for videotapes and DVDs in this regard
And he'll always be around
He was born John William Carson October 23rd, 1925
And Corning Iowa
And even though there was a Corning, I would you?
Yeah, the Corning at shirt special
There's Corning in New York
Where they have make their glass rhymes with
He survived his fourth wife Alexis and son Christopher and Corning
From his first marriage to Joan Jody Walcott
Another sound Richard died in a car accident in 1991
This spike decades on television
Carson was never open publicly with details of his personal life
Nobody got to know him said comedian Joan Rivers who often substitute him for Carson's blah blah blah
He was very private
Well good, I like that
And it goes down to about how he did this
And he did that, he was a announcer in Lincoln, Nebraska
He had a show called Carson Seller
Fiend Clown Red Scalpel, hired Carson as a writer, put him on as a host on live TV
When Scalpel was injured during a rehearsal
Johnny Carson chose to spend 39 weeks on CBS and 5556
He did the quiz show Who Do You Trust in ABC
And met Ed McMahon Who became Carson's butt-looking sidekick
Until he retired from the Panel Show 35 years later
Here's Johnny
You are correct sir
Yeah, perfect
Here's Johnny
That was it, nice going Ed
Talk about making a career out of like kissing action
With a very single, we're full on every single
Christian would ask the earth Larry Wasting no time to have a panel on last night
Here's our panel, okay, here's our panel
Johnny Carson croaked, here's our panel, we got a panel
Man oh man, I'm saying I think right, right along with Joyce, maybe Larry King could be in the same accident
Oh, on the same bus, that would be
Oh, I can't see Larry taking a bus
I can see Joyce on the bus back to Maryland, we pay the Greyhound people
I didn't pull it up with gas
12 minutes after 10 to 5, 60, well it's before we do the break
Here's the Resolve of Friday's poll
What historical event you at least believe could have happened
We elected George W. Bush out of 2000 plus votes
Wins hands down your pants, 726
I mean who could believe that? What rational person could believe that?
That anybody within IQ larger than their digit could possibly vote for a lunatic
For a crazy person for a lying pathological a dry drunk maniac
Who's killing thousands and thousands of innocent people, but anyway
The real elected George W. Bush, it did happen 726 so they tell us
The resurrection of Jesus was a distance second, 391
OJ gets acquitted 235
9176, Noah's arc 116
QAM gets its act together 97
Call us and let us know when that's going to happen
Red socks win the World Series 63
The Holocaust 49, man walks on the moon 48
Mike Piazza gets married 44, it's happened any day in South Florida
Moe Howard flips his wig
24, Ricky Williams leaves football 23
The heat gets 22, the assassinations of the 60s 12
The QM fall ratings book 11, which by the way IOD got a real bogus
With a lot of wire diaries December, you're not fooling anybody
Rush or anybody else over there a real bogus right wing of December
Otherwise we didn't really kick that as we did great
But we would have been super super super great if we would have been for a phony December
Rush, Peaty, all you phony's over there at IOD
And by the way I'm not going to not tube channel anymore because after what the beesleys are doing to all of us
Who now are we to not get anybody else in the business right?
The beesleys make clear channel look like a bunch of benevolent kind old something
Coots, but they are the last part and if you had no more head only four
So there you go, it's a 10, 14 at 5, 60 WQM
We got our usual unwanted schedule, we got the mad dog at 2 which is not where we want them
It's not what we wanted, Moe Howard David at 4 to 7 which is definitely not what we wanted
You got guilty, 7 to 10 which is nobody wanted and then at least we rounded out with any K10
Who's a fixture? Oh man, hey listen what was your new year's resolution made?
To lose weight again, you're trying to get rid of some of that disgusting fat
Are you sitting at your desk when you're crying? You feel like unbuckling your belt, undoing the top button on your skirt?
Yeah, I like that button my skirt right now or maybe you've already done it
Balance for life of the liver, you have five meals a day every day all based on the popular zone diet
Let me say it again, enjoy five feedings a day and still lose weight
The best part about the deal is balance for life is the only meal the liver accompaniment offers you menu choices
Go to balanceforlife.com and check it out
Let me again advise you, lay low on the babaghanouche but other than that it's great
indulge yourself with delicious goodies like blueberry pancakes, guilt-free cheesecake
Yellowfin tuna burger, grilled fillet with parsley potatoes they even have a chicken and veggie pizza
And all you snowbirds in South Florida right now to avoid the freezing nasty snow fillet
Oh man, should check this out too because they can tell you the meals to your specific needs
Don't think you're overweight? Well take the simple BMI test pad so at balanceforlife.com
Just go to the bottom of the page and click on body mass index
If your score is over 25, guess what? Your PHAT you need balance for life
What are you waiting for? Pull over to the side of the road right now put down that pen and get on the phone
Grab it and the squeeze it call balanceforlife right now
866-225-4543
That's 1-866-225-4543
Or run away, but it's balanceforlife.com
For the things that need your Rogers, it's losing weight
On 560-AM
An embarrassment
I'll ask youakap
Car didn't even start
Fuck these you well. That's so much
you
But you felt you spend it to be quick on yourself.
No, unless then I've won another show.
Spend it.
My arm always goes down, then not a cop at all.
But strong twin.
Oh, no, no.
Oh yes, 10, 19, and 5, 60, WDQ.
I'm 40 million among friends, right?
People are starting.
Right.
I got it right here.
Got all those folks over there in India and Sri Lanka and whatever.
You know, how their bus stories around the world would have been.
But in the meantime, 40 million, and of course, all of those balls.
I know that most presidents had two balls, but this president had 10 balls, which is really
pretty embarrassing.
Anyway, here's our poll today.
All the way through to the list of Milano was on the beta curtain.
Today we got three pictures there for the price of one.
We're doing the top five from our poll last week of your favorite beta curtain chick.
And listen, Milano is on issue with number five.
So we'll run five, four, three, two, one.
And then of course, we'll all kick Joyce in the end.
Yeah, neat.
Bad news.
I should have mentioned this to the hump.
I'm sure he's aware of this.
Robert Jockey killed in crash Roger D'Angene of Southwest Ranges, a retired Jockey,
he raised sources in South Florida, around the country, died in a car crash Saturday,
along with a family friend from Hollywood who was riding with him.
In the 30 years, that Roger D'Angene raised sources.
He came to love the animals for their speed, power, and beauty after he retired from racing
in the early 90s.
D'Angene saw those same qualities in a blue 1966 Ford.
Cobra convertible.
He fell in love with the car brought at home and cared for it as he would have thoroughbred.
On Saturday night, his D'Angene and the friends of the Cobra and a Joy route around
a block in Hollywood, the X-Jockey lost control of his cherished car, had hit the median,
launched in the air, and slammed it away, cement, light pool.
Oh my God.
D'Angene, 60 of Southwest Ranges, in his friend Linda Mustain, a 43-year-old mother were
killed, police said the Cobra was traveling at a high speed.
Yo, who else has a Cobra, don't you?
Or did he have?
Who Rick Riley?
Yeah.
He still got it?
I don't know.
Mustain of Hollywood was at a party in Hollywood on Saturday night hosted by D'Angene's
family.
The X-Jockey asked party goers if anyone wanted to take a ride around a block in his
private car.
The Cobra experienced the sleek car's power and beauty.
Uh-oh, bad choice.
Mustain, a long time friend of D'Angene and his wife's family eagerly volunteered to
take a ride.
D'Angene drove the Cobra, a couple of round of block for a few minutes, was headed back
to the party route 8 p.m. when the accident happened in the 4200 block of Sheridan Street.
On Sunday, D'Angene's family and friends more than lost from Manoray Street children
had mounted more than 6,000 races of Thurbered racetracks in South Florida across the
northeastern USA.
He was a good man and a good rider, said Dominic Impresier 86 with the trainer for
a timely rider or horse dancin' rode him the 80s, had a good head, good patience and
he was tough.
And I cast a bunch of tickets, not a lot.
He was way at a price, Roger Danzzy.
He's been pretty good priced.
Anyway, he's dead.
A lot of that, oh and guess what else is dead?
What is a whole bunch of this stuff going on?
You know what?
Nixon's secretary Rosemary Woods 87 died.
I heard about her on the NPR this morning.
Right.
Rosemary Woods, the devoted secretary to present Nixon who admitted to him inadvertently
erasing part of a crucial watergate tape has died.
She was 87.
That's definitely old enough.
Unless you're 86.
What?
Well no, it's the truth.
I mean you looked 93 and you say, oh that's old enough but unless you're 92 and then
he said, well you're going to die when you're 93.
Oh I don't think so.
How about 95 sounds good.
You know, 97.
Right?
Woods died Saturday night at a nursing home in Alliance, Ohio.
Roger Rusek, owner of a funeral home in Sebring, said he didn't know the cause of death.
The 18 and a half minute gap in the tape of a June 20th, 72 conversation between
Richard Nixon and Chief of Staff, HR, Hall of the Moon was critical to the question of what
Nixon knew about the breaking?
What did he know and what did he know it?
That's what they kept asking.
What did the president know and what did he know it?
Of course this president, we know what he knows and then nothing.
Right?
He knew it before, nothing and he knows now nothing.
It's strictly...
Abu Gharrab Bozo time.
Now here's the poll today.
I'm going to rely on the audience and don't tell me Johnny Carson, okay?
Because there's nowhere he's going to be more famous no after death.
Although it is kind of ironic that I had this poll picked out on Friday.
We did the Johnny Carson story from the Aquaron Friday and all of a sudden...
Oh, he's dead.
I don't like that.
I'm dying on the hands of the...
Here's Johnny.
Why couldn't there have been Ed McMahon instead, you know?
It will be.
You think?
Who best fits this description?
Someone who became more popular after death.
Now I have two on there.
Jesus Christ, which there's no question about that.
During his day, so it is written, so they say.
During his day, he was just one of many of these self-reported philosophers, preachers
around around preaching to his gaskies.
He had a couple of people paid too much attention until Paul came along like 90 years later.
Oh my god, he heard this fairy tale.
I mean, story.
Jesus Christ and then of course, Patsy Klein.
Right?
That's the records.
Huh?
I got one for you.
Okay.
James Dean.
James Dean, oh, much more popular after you only made three freaking movies.
James Dean, that's the only choice.
That was the whole mystique about him.
Right.
Maybe Josh has got one for us, but I doubt it.
Not up to something, my head, no.
No.
You're still upset because the Patriots kicked such bad ass, you know?
Yeah, you're right about that, but...
I am?
Why?
Did you bet against him?
No, no, I thought they would have been in four-blow games, are you?
You're kind of...
You're not going to be one of those QN quizzlings who gets taken under the Gamber's wings
and starts plunging your meager salary away.
They have a bookie Josh?
No, only on the Super Bowl, I bet.
Yeah, and who you got a bet on the Super Bowl?
Patriots are six-point favorites by the way at the moment.
I haven't decided.
Let me ask you, did you watch the game yesterday?
I did, of course.
Yeah, and what was your impression of that game?
It was pathetic.
It was the number one defensive team in the league this past season.
Pittsburgh Steelers, right?
Yeah, the team was 15 and one, and one like eight million games in a row.
Pittsburgh Steelers, right?
What quarterback had lost a single start?
Ben Rockla's a Schreckleberger, right?
Right.
Yeah, was it a contest?
Was it even closed?
No.
It was a blowout.
Yes, it was.
When a doubt blow him up, baby, Tom Brady and a boy kicked ass.
By the way, I totally agree with you on Phil Sins now.
He is officially the worst.
He is absolutely so...
And I'm going to tell you something.
What's his name?
The Playback Play Guy, as they really was awful too.
What tells his name?
Don't tell me.
He's terrible.
Jim Nance.
Awful.
And an addition which he was rooting for the Steelers.
He made it...
See, this is why the people of South Florida hate Jim Nance,
because he hates hurricanes and he hates dolphins.
Any South Florida team's he dislikes, and he makes it obvious.
And I never really...
You know, I never was really that much aware of it.
But last night it was obvious he was rooting for the Steelers.
Every time the Patriots made a great play,
which there were so many, it was like,
oh, gee, look at this again, you know?
Man.
And also like on one replay,
where it was so obvious on the interception,
and he said, oh, well, the ball moved.
You know, and that's the one time Phil Sins finally in his life
said something, well, a ball always moves you, jackass.
Jesus.
It was so obvious it was an interception,
you know, the one I'm talking about.
I do, I do.
Yeah, they challenge.
That wasn't close.
I mean, the one where the knee was on the ground,
that also knew that would be reversed.
But this one wasn't even a contest.
And there's Jim Nance trying to make a story there
for the Steelers.
You know, Sim said about five things during the game,
where I just couldn't handle it.
Just cringe, do you?
Yeah.
Yeah, because he's a jackass.
I think we have to take Phil Sins and Joyce Fitch
and have him both a lope on a slow boat to China.
A small, rickety boat.
One that's got a lot of holes in it.
There would be a sounds like a great...
Seriously, you people out there, if you had any idea
what's going on at QAM.
You think that just because we give you
like a little surface buzz of what's going on,
you haven't got a clue what they're trying to do.
And who to screw, you know?
I'll never forget that day that I get a call from Norma Kent.
Oh, they called me this afternoon.
Oh, please, won't you reconsider.
And please don't send those bonus...
Those signing checks back, yeah, right.
See, that's what happens when you bring them to the brink,
mad dog and humber.
Those, both of those guys, you tell, listen,
if you don't cut the crap
and get this deal done the way you promised you were going to get it done,
we're both going across the street.
They would serve them right.
They deserve to lose in both.
That, of course, we'd really be in Ireland,
but you know what?
What terms is it make as long as we get paid?
That's what they deserve, the way they treat people in this company.
They make, like I said, they make clear to you
and look like a, like, a guy that hands out candy at Christmas time.
Can't we call that a hands out candy?
Like Sandy Claus, somebody like that.
That's what they make them look like, like benevolent.
That's how evil these people are.
And of course, most of it is this joy sprawl
that they'd run into from Maryland,
who wouldn't know a radio if you're stuck around for a s.
You're clueless, honey.
You're clueless.
And you're going to keep trying to tell yourself
to do beesleys, what a genius you are,
and you're going to show all of us.
In the meantime, what have you showed anybody?
Doing a hell of a job with professional provocateur, by the way, not.
Not.
You are pathetic, honey.
Why don't you just crawl back in your little, you know,
your little pickup truck and drive back to Maryland
where you belong and go do some more medical malpractice cases
and leave the radio people alone.
And stop bugging to pour beesleys.
They got enough problems with their own, all right?
Trying to find that banjo.
That a kid stole a banjo from the beesleys,
the one he was picking up there in the tree and deliverance.
He had to listen.
Yeah, it was missing.
In fact, it'd be the best news of the week
if Joyce turned up missing.
Oh, Americans, this is Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news on Cullin' Den Lane, Jacksonville, Florida.
Chuck Buick finally gave up.
Chuck enjoys marijuana.
So he decided to accept Paul Harvey's suggestion.
He gave up.
He went to the phone.
He called me.
He ordered a bomb.
Bomb.
That's a pipe used to smoke marijuana.
I want you to hear this carefully
because you're thinking about a Valentine's Day present
for somebody you love very much.
Quote.
My marijuana won a bomb ride Saturday.
And after I opened the box, I was in shock.
My eyes were a lot open wide.
My whole house was now a concert hall.
I went to the washroom and even from there,
it sounded like a real-life lady singing right outside the door.
Quote.
With heat eating your ears, your gouging out
and tearing, loosening, pulling apart, gulping air
and tasting black, your windpipe is closing
and you've lost track of which way is out.
There's a searing in, but down your neck.
Search, rescue, ventilate.
Somebody's sinned to kitten.
Quote.
I'm listening to all of my old CDs again
because I have never really heard them before.
Now, for that Valentine's Day gift,
it's not too early for you to choose a bomb, man.
If you're anything but happy with it, I'll buy it back
to locate your nearest dealer telephone 1-800-Bong, man.
1033-27-411 sounds like he was just using one right there.
Right.
Anyway, we need some names for this list
before we get on with our pointed grounds here.
What, how about Marilyn Monroe?
There you go.
She was popular during her life, obviously,
but then after she died very mysteriously,
after the Kennedy Center kill, I mean, she died,
then she really became like legendary, right?
Right.
I would say so.
Who best fits this description?
Someone who became more popular after death.
5670-560, pound 569,
he provides them in singular Ritalis lines.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I got one for the poll.
Yes, sir.
Jim Morrison from the Doris.
Excellent choice.
Thank you.
Jim Morrison, he might still be alive though.
We're going to check it out.
We're going to France today.
We're going to be doing a remote show
as the rest of the week from France and your pants.
Jim Morrison became huge, jogging.
In fact, he might give Jesus a run for his money,
ever seen together, same person.
Didn't you think that his later years
there when he had the whole facial thing?
And he looked a lot like tears, didn't he?
Yeah, that.
Oh yeah, and those neat slippers.
He had the best sandals going.
Oh yeah.
WQAM, I know.
You're from running 40.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing today?
Pretty good, Palli.
Last time I gave you a name for your poll,
it was Robert Duval and he won.
OK.
So today, I'm at...
This time?
Today I'll make it Elvis.
I thought about that, but you think
he's more popular now than when he was alive?
Well, he made more money and then and more stuff
since he's dead than he ever was.
Yeah, OK.
It's a good choice.
OK, thanks.
I thought about that, but then he had 80 million,
number one hits and he was extremely.
I mean, you couldn't get much more popular.
But since he dies far as making more money,
I would agree with that.
Too bad a corner lead.
Too bad a current lead here to enjoy it.
I don't mean Colonel Sanders either.
What was his name?
Tom Parker.
Tom Parker, very good.
Colonel Tom Parker.
In fact, Elvis could have been a lot bigger,
except Colonel Tom Parker, and since they
would be all those great Z movies, he was in...
Yeah, he was responsible for that.
Every once in a while, you'll catch one of those by accident.
For about three minutes and then you say,
oh, how did anybody ever watch this?
Well, there's always all these hot babes on there,
those pastel colors.
Oh, I see.
This is a good movie, then Elvis walks on.
But it's Frankie Avalon.
That's what I've seen.
WDQ, I am Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
But I am a for you Bruce Lee.
Bruce Lee is a good choice.
OK, Bruce Lee is very good.
He's big now that he's dead.
And what's his son's name?
Pinky Lee.
Pinky Lee.
Brandon Lee?
Yeah.
I forget about his small potatoes, right?
Yeah, compared to Bruce, absolutely.
Right.
Although he's also died in the...
Only one Lee on there.
No Peggy Lee, no Pinky Lee.
Who else?
No Robert E Lee.
Right?
Lee Majors.
No Stan Majors.
Only Bruce Lee.
Only one of those karate crowd.
One of the martial arts.
One other martial arts.
Is Chuck Norris dead yet?
We can only...
Not yet.
Huh?
Not yet.
We're working on it.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
No Robert E Lee.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, a million half.
You know, yesterday, last night, you know what movie was on?
Man Hunter.
Which I've ever heard of.
movie before.
And I read the review of it.
I heard it.
You do?
Sure.
Now was that the red dragon?
Was that the movie of red dragon?
Right.
Red dragon was the same.
As soon as he started talking to Dr. Electric.
Dr. Electric.
I said, wait a minute.
This is the prequel to Silence of the Lamb.
Correct.
That was a good movie.
It was a good movie.
Very good movie.
It was outstanding.
But where did I see that fruitcake that played the where we see him before?
Unless I already saw that movie.
Was there a different movie called Red Dragon?
They remade it with the rape fines.
The movie's kind of played the elunatic, the nut job.
Oh, you know, yeah, you know that guy creeped me out.
And I wish I didn't have that.
Where have I seen him before?
He always plays that same kind of kid.
And he was no Jane Gumball.
And the guy that played Dr. Electric is Brian Cox, who he's spoken about.
Brian Cox.
Oh my god.
I don't know.
He's not playing football anymore.
Was he a Henry in it?
Okay.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you have cell many.
Cell many is more popular.
Well, I don't know.
Is he really popular?
Well, I guess.
No.
How about Perth Hootten?
We can only pray.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We can only hope for the best for us.
Very jackass writes local shows in Jeopardy.
Oh my god.
And Alex Trebek don't even know about it.
Or even at Jerkha, one all that money on there.
What was his name?
There was an 8 million shows in a row that everybody hated.
Oh, Ten Jennings.
Ten Jenny.
The Market Sports Talk Radio Landscape appears on the...
See, this is the kind of crap they write about.
And you're like weekly reader in your parochial, yokel papers there.
As if anybody listens to that station, which they don't.
The Market Sports Talk Radio Landscape appears on the verge of another shake-up.
1,400 of the fan, the least popular or some sort of three-all sports stations,
could eliminate most of all local programming because of financing issues as early as this week.
Right, Sbury?
Rums with Mary?
Carl Foster, no relation to Bud Foster, who is leasing WFLAM,
signal from James Crystalink has been speaking with investors,
but Miss Friday's payment deadline is uncertain if you'll have funding in place by today
when ownership wants it resolved.
Acts of the station will have local programming today.
Foster said, as of now I can't say...
Or...
No.
Even if I secure funding, I might not go with as much local programming.
So this...
See, this is all these people who want to play sports.
All these little people are their sports nerds who want to be...
Well, I'm going to do my own sports station.
Let's have 40 sports stations.
Local programming on 14th of the fan includes Foster and Anita Marx,
7 to 10 AM, Gary Furman and Mark Bednarchek, 10 AM to noon,
Frank Fort and Bruce Warner, 3 to 6, and Frank A. is good when it now they got them all taken off,
and alternating host including, X-Dolphin Jim Kicks, 6th to 8 PM,
the station carries Jim Rome's national show Noon to 3,
and Fox Sports programming overnights.
Now let me take a look at the ratings, okay?
Ah, okay.
Well, I'm getting them. I'm getting them.
Just hold your horses, man.
Let's see if in men 2554 they showed up.
Let's look at midday, W-F-L-L.
I don't think anybody knows what those collars are, do you?
I'd have heard of them.
Used to be the light bulb, 1400.
I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. There's Waxi with their 1.0.
Oh!
Not too good.
Not too good. Waxi, they got Joe Rose, and that's all they got.
So far, Joyce, don't be sinning anybody else,
so that it'll stick it down our throats, okay?
You miserable, hateful, sou-you.
Let's see. I'm looking. W-F-L-L.
I don't see a glimmer. I don't see a number.
I don't see anything. Even WNMA, Mr. Ego Station's got a point.
Well, they got a zero, but they got a few people.
Nothing. W-F-D-L, let's say 50 at a 0.3.
But that's Bill O'Rally. I forgot to mention that on Friday
when ratings came out. Bill O'Rally and his midday on the F-D-L.
They went from a point to a point three.
They're movin' man. He's making a big impact in the market.
No, they will fear him.
Steve Lapa, General Manager of James Kriftle, said he likely
will stick with Fox Sports Radio National Program for least a couple of months,
even if Foster's lease is not renewed.
I like bananas Foster myself. W-F-L, which went on a year or may third,
has been hurt by signal problems in parts of Dave County.
Yeah, they got like five watts, and if you like sitting right out of their tower,
maybe you can hear it in the daytime, and even then at night,
you can't hear it right next to the tower.
Very hurt by a lot of these signal and data.
Competition from 790 ESPN Radio, which debuted September 1st and WQMA,
like Roy and Afterthought.
He's got his head so far up 790s-S because they're the hero's partner now.
They're partners, you know, like Hyman Roth.
ESPN's 790 continues to move toward an agreement with it often,
and remains in discussions with QM Host.
Jim Manditz about a 1 to 4 PM show.
I'm going to tell you, we lose the Mad Dog and the Humphord Joyce,
and you're going to have to answer for it, okay?
You're going to have to answer for Centino.
Centino, right?
That is absolutely correct.
So there you go, Barry.
Take your silly ass little column, your brown paper bag lunch,
and stick them both up your ass, Barry.
You little, you're quizzing you, you little simple-din,
you little puggy piece of turd.
That's Barry Jackass at the hero, and working for a perfect newspaper too for him,
but I'm going to say, you're going to be all right.
That's the loser-boy.
560.
Jenny, Craig, please.
What's going on?
This is Firste Alley.
What's it in a reference tube?
It's in regards to me being fast.
Hey, hey, you're Chevy too.
No, I'm not.
Let's lose weight together.
Fuck, fast. I'm busy being sane.
Why don't you call back after hours?
Can you just run a second?
Hey, you're fast.
No, I'm not.
Who's this?
This is Firste Alley.
Stop calling me.
Jenny, Craig.
Jenny, hey, hey, listen, girl, I'm fast.
It's lost, Lardass.
Have you called Jenny it?
I was just telling you about those TV spots.
You haven't seen them yet?
No, no.
He only weighs like 700 pounds soaking wet.
16 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
January 24th, that's today is called the worst day of the year.
I wonder a lot of these people sound so off their feet today, you know?
So why is it the worst day of the year?
British psychologist calculates the most depressing day.
Is the mid-winter weather wearing you down?
See, this is not a good weather.
Here would be a brother.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
And then they have the power go out for 12 hours yesterday.
And on a day when it's just freezing cold.
But anyway, it says, are you sinking in debt after the holidays?
Angle with yourself for already breaking your new year's resolution.
Wish you could crawl back onto the covers.
I have to face another day of rain, sleets, snow, and paperwork.
Probably after all it's nearly January 24th.
See, this is in the UK where it's always depressing because it's always sleeting and raining and crappy.
It's nearly January 24th in the while now it is.
The most depressing day of the year coined a way, UK psychologist.
Dr. Cliff R. Nell's calculations show that misery will peak today.
How do you like that?
Well, R. Nell, who's specialised in seasonal disorders of the University of Cardiff and Wales,
created a formula that takes into account numerous feelings to advise people's lowest point.
The model is W plus D minus D times TQ over M times NA.
You got it?
Oh, could you do it again?
I mentioned that what's his name from Goodwill Hunting has got it. Matt Damon.
That was not again the other day, you know.
It's just so syrupy and so...
And of course, Ben Affleck's in there again too.
Don't the two of them ever do anything like without the other one?
And I do my anything.
I think they got it.
I think they got side by side commodes to everything that they do.
They're like doing it together. They're pretty tight.
Anyway, this equation is broken down in several seven variables, weather, debt, monthly salary,
time since Christmas, time since failed, quit attempt, low motivational levels, and the need to take action.
Our Nell found that while days technically get longer after December 21,
Cyclonic weather systems take hold in January bringing low dark clouds to Britain.
See, this is a Brit thing.
Meanwhile, the majority of people break their healthy resolution six to seven days into the new year
and even the hangars on a fallen off the wagon, throw off the nicotine patches, and eat in the fridge empty by the third week.
Any residual drugs of holidays here in Family Fun have kicked the bucket by January 24.
Following the initial thrill of New Year celebrations and changing over New Leaf,
reality starts to sink in, and Nell said,
the realization coincides with the dark clouds rolling in, and the obligation to pay off Christmas credit card bills.
The former that was devised out of travel company, analyzed when people book holidays and holiday trends.
It seems that people are most likely to buy ticket to paradise when they feel like hell, to paradise.
To stay with Mo and Mrs. What do you think? And the muskrat.
There you are, it's mostly a Brit thing because in South Florida it's not speeding and snowing and freezing.
Oh, it is cold for there, right?
Right. Well, I'm really going to cry for you, you know?
Yeah, I had to turn a little heater out in the back.
But there's race little.
Are you still doing the interact?
See how you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Little, little.
Yeah.
There's a girl doing a parody of Brit Little.
I said, do John.
She said, she, that's great to know. I just wondered if they'd forgotten who I was.
That was almost like here in the real Johnny, wasn't it?
No.
No, wasn't that.
It was almost like here in Rich Little doing the real Johnny.
1048 at 560 WDQY.
I'm a dark Paul who's been cast over the whole QM proceedings.
In spite of our, see no matter what we do, no matter how well we do, no matter how much the audience loves us,
we just can't, we can't get our heads above water because of this outfit, man.
Because of this.
This company, they just, they just absolutely refuse to treat people like human beings.
They don't have to do it. They don't have it in them.
They got a brow beat, they got a abuse, they got to play games, they got to play these legal games, they got a lie.
They can't beat people like human beings.
Remember the human beings, nobody but me?
Yes.
Anyway, here's the deal. Who best fits this description?
Someone who became more popular after death.
Jesus, 54. James D. Nate, Elvis IV, Jim Morrison III, Mirlin Monroe III, Bruce Lee's got a pair,
and Apache Clines got two out of 76.
Not too many people probably remember Apache Cline.
What were here?
I got a, a, a, a, a, walk after midnight.
All right.
And what was the other one? She had a couple of big heads.
I'm not going to look it up. It's not worth. Well, the country music was on deck of records. I remember that.
Used to play that as a disc, jerky, and my youth a hundred years ago.
Walk after midnight, and she had one other one too, Apache Cline. Somebody will call.
5670560, pound 560 under Verizon, singular wireless line. WQYM, hello.
Yeah, I'm, it's me, please.
Speaking.
I need a, I got one for the poll.
Okay.
Vincent Van Gogh.
Vincent Van Gogh is much more popular now.
Right.
Better believe it.
Thank you very much.
With or without the year, thanks a lot. Sweet dreams.
Crazy.
Sweet.
No, not sweet dream.
Yeah. Well, what is it?
Crazy.
Crazy was big.
That was Apache Cline. Crazy.
I pulled the pieces.
I followed the pieces. Yeah.
So wrong.
Now, strange.
Oh, yeah. She was back in baby's arms.
She's a little, uh, looked a little ducky to me, but I don't know.
Back in the day, you would never talk about such things.
She's got you.
Oh, really? I don't think so.
They did love.
Yeah.
Why can't he be you?
Yeah.
You're stronger than me.
Yeah. I know that.
Leave it on your mind.
That's it. That's it. That's it.
That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it.
That's the only way to space.
I followed the pieces.
Uh, walking after midnight.
And what was the crazy?
Crazy.
Those were three very little.
Crazy was big.
Crazy.
Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, amigo.
Come and stop.
We be in.
But, it's Grafias.
Listen, I got one for the list.
Well, I almost said thank you in Russia and actually, um, listen.
Don't stop telling you.
Thank you.
Listen, I got one for the list.
I rubbed bread actually.
Um, and hopefully people.
I rubbed.
Yeah. Hopefully the people enjoyed it.
It's Alfred Hitchcock.
You really think so?
I heard Patsy Klein distantly in the background there.
Let's see.
Where do you find that?
That's not my.
Same as that.
Elezon simply.
Oh, you're sampling from Amazon.
Patsy Klein.
Alfred Hitchcock.
I guess so.
He became very popular afterwards.
If you don't like him, maybe Copernicus.
Okay, especially with the church.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
Put a bolt on there.
Copernicus, if he can spell a Josh, I want to see the way he spells this.
But you ought to know being a good Catholic boy that you are.
Just like it says.
Right.
Copernicus.
And Alfred Hitchcock.
What a talk-up.
Well.
It's fine.
Yes.
He had that kind of.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kind of like Eric Reed that does the heat games on TV.
Like Michael, when they were in the middle of the show.
Yeah.
When McCluskey broke his child there.
Yeah.
You were a personal.
Right.
Which business?
Safety business.
10, 51, 5, 6, and then he kept drooling all through the rest of the, uh, all three movies.
He kept drooling all of the things.
Well, it was quite a punch he took there.
He sure did.
He told him off straight.
WDQA Am Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I got one.
I don't really want to, I don't have to go on, right?
We'll see.
No, you don't have to.
I got one for the list.
It's a famous, famous but not popular.
Nicole Simpson.
Oh, absolutely.
Someone I didn't say we didn't say celebrity.
Somebody came in and very good one.
Thank you.
That's a good choice.
When you agree.
Absolutely.
I mean, who the hell really ever heard of Nicole?
I mean, you're other than like people that were like on a West Coast.
Oh, man.
Right.
And knew about that whole thing out there, right?
I mean, we could, uh, we could take that a bit further and say, Lacey Peterson.
No.
Whoever heard of her.
Um, no.
All right.
The different, I don't think so.
I don't want to think the final one.
I don't want to hold with them.
I wouldn't put that in the same category with Ron and Nicole.
Okay.
That was a celebrity.
And we could put Ron Goldman on there because we don't want to get Fred Goldman pissed off
because then he'll start popping up on TV all over the place.
And we've seen that after that handlebar mustache already.
Those went out 100 years ago with Nickers.
But, uh, you know, I don't want to sound disrespectful, but I think that the
Nicole is in a different category when you, it was the white.
Yeah.
It was, it was her.
I mean, it was just a pain in the ass by state.
It was probably in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Damn.
I hate when that happens.
It's what he obviously said.
W.A.M.
Line 9.
Hello.
I hate Casanovo.
W.A.M.
Hello.
I'm Eli and George and you said you had to act.
I agree.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, I guess something for the poll.
Okay.
What do you got?
Kirk Cobain, man.
Kirk Cobain, no doubt about it.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
No problem.
Okay.
Kirk Cobain.
Okay.
You don't think so?
I mean, not even so.
They were huge when they were alive in there.
Yeah.
They died.
They died.
They were alive.
Never watched his hair.
I'm going to ask you to have a care, Cobain.
His name was Kirk.
Now he's pushing up third.
Cobain.
I think the dog done it myself.
Why have you been drooled from his chin?
Courtney Gowen.
Arrowwind.
Cobain.
Your bottle was hot.
And now it's Kirk.
They ain't got.
Cobain.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Cobain.
He died.
I'm dying out of here.
Made a million, and our never took a shower.
Cobain.
He's a number one hit in Heavens, Big Moshpit, Cobain.
He'll be eldest the king and say grunge with my fame, Cobain.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kirk's way out, Cobain.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Cobain.
By the way, Jeff Tortoise and I want to apologize for picking Atlanta to be filled up yesterday.
I can't tell you how sick a Michael Hick must have looked in that game because I didn't see it.
Because the power was out.
I heard some of it on the radio.
Oh, you didn't see it at all.
It was great that you see one second of it.
You know when fans run out on the field and they don't show that when the fan runs out and they tackle them.
They actually showed it yesterday.
It was great.
The best part of the game.
That was the highlight of the game.
Yeah.
Well, that was in Philly, what do you expect?
Right.
The worst fans in the world, the most obnoxious.
They make the Yankee fans seem like churchgoers, like a bunch of parishioners.
That's what a bunch of rowdy obnoxious disgusting.
That's why it'll be extra sweet when a Patriots kick Philly's ass in the Super Bowl in Jacksonville in two weeks.
Even though you don't, you're still don't believe.
That's the thing that just amazes me.
And they were talking about that.
I was watching WSBK last night at the post game festivities for one-on-for-hours in Boston.
And they kept talking about that.
The fact that nobody believes and they don't really care.
You know, Rodney Harrison was talking about that.
Every week they have to prove themselves again and nobody buys it.
And they're always, you know, nobody believes they're going to meet these so-called good teams.
The great team do jurors.
And every week they kick their ass.
No, I mean, I told you...
I mean, I realized they couldn't beat a team as good as the dolphins, but that was just an aberration.
You told me what?
I told you on Friday.
I thought they would win.
Yeah, but this morning you're like apologizing for.
Like, he didn't think they were that good.
What do you mean?
Well, you said before you're like a little bit depressed about it.
The fact that they kicked Pittsburgh's ass so bad.
Well, I wanted Pittsburgh to win.
I didn't think that they would win.
Why didn't I win them?
But why would you want Pittsburgh to win?
What is that all about?
Because I'm a little tired of the Patriots winning.
Ah!
You see, this is a typical South Florida mentality.
It's not important that the dolphins win, but that the Patriots lose.
Or that the jets lose.
You see, we know the dolphins suck that they were an embarrassment.
That Wayne is, you know, started with a brainstem in Jimmy Johnson.
That he's the whole organization no matter what he calls the stadium.
It's dissolved into crap, okay?
It's dissolved in something ought to pay you to go watch.
And so that's why we're not getting anybody calling to say,
and we finally got one of that one paper guy that knew England Paul.
We finally lost him.
But other than that, it's like, oh, there wasn't even any game yesterday.
There would need the game happened.
Not that we're doing a sport show, but it wouldn't be something for somebody to finally admit.
Hey, you know what?
You're right about the Brady, Inventory, and Brusky, and the whole team, man, and Dion Branch, and everybody on that team.
And Cory Dillon, who didn't have much of a first half,
and then exploded when it really caught it in the second half.
Had you liked that touchdown, right?
Impressive is what I thought.
But you don't want to say anything about it, because you thought you were rooting for Pittsburgh.
That's enough to really, I don't understand it.
What do you mean?
I mean, they've won it to you the last three years.
I'd like to see somebody else.
What's wrong with having a dynasty?
What's wrong with it being a really great team that goes out there and just kicks ass.
That just puts out a phenomenal performance.
Something's wrong with it, but it's easy.
You think somebody else?
Why would you want to see this stealers?
Why would you want to see a guy like Bill Cower, who behaves like a crazy man who belongs in a straight jacket?
Why would you want to see him win anything?
Why is that?
He needs help.
He needs emotional.
There are times that when they show him on a sideline, he looks like Dr. Elector on a bad day.
Like they just stick a rubber ball in his mouth and put him in restraints.
Jutten at jaw.
And there's something definitely wrong with that guy.
And everybody I talk to, it's recently.
I won't argue.
Nice call, by the way, on fourth and goal from a yard and a half out for the field goal.
Now, what a chicken Schmidt move that was, huh?
I feel angry with it.
I've played crushed and the story.
You are listening to Minil Roger.
I'm an emphatic, I'm from the Arab Unbibe 6060.
At UAM.
This is the Minil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Now what up, homies?
You need some tips on improving your career?
They're sold into the In the Hood and Garden Channel.
Each week, Iced T-Tracing is max nine for a nail gun.
A remodeled crackout.
Near you.
That's right, boots on a crack hole is out.
And gets busy with this old his out.
Thursday night today, I'll show you how to cut some designer kitchen for cooking up some crack
and create a comfortable living room to core.
Just perfect for cracking a couple of forties which are posse and bending those bitches over the couch.
So join Iced each week if he fives up this little bolt, it's this old his out.
It's on an emphatic, God Channel.
Be out.
Buddha.
136 votes out of polls so far.
Who best fits this description?
Someone who became more popular after death.
Jesus is untouchable here, I think.
Jesus has 81.
When you agree?
Yes.
Elvis, what about some of these other religious figures?
Right.
Buddha.
Abraham.
Muhammad.
Solomon.
Abraham Solomon.
Are we going to put him all out there?
No.
I'm just joking.
Okay, just relax.
Okay, I want to get to that story about the survey finds church going Americans less tolerant is if that's a shock.
Elvis 13, James Dean 13.
Same person.
Marilyn Monroe 7.
Vincent Van Gogh 5.
Nicole Simpson 4.
Jim Morrison 4.
Kurt Cobain 3.
Bruce Lee is got three.
Patsy Klein 2.
She's still walking after midnight though.
I'm always walking after.
He is pretty weak.
Confernica says one and Alfred Hitchcock don't have any yet.
I'm almost tempted to play the theme for Alfred Hitchcock show if I could find it again.
Don't start playing those themes again.
What are the most?
Huh?
Well, how about...
Yeah.
I tested you.
That's just a story off until you get the L1Q.
You know, all those terrible stories that all the anchors like Tippie Hadron told about what a lychee was and he was pawing all over them.
They're all true.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
I'd paw all over Tippie Hadron.
Would you?
You'd Tippie all over a headroom?
Sure.
Right over.
Finally, that's for the birds.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
This is the most depressing day of the year in Britain, but we're not in Britain.
It's going to be all the way up to a toasty minus 5 Celsius year.
What's not to like?
Well, I'm going to tell you.
What an unpropricious day for the power to go about all over this city.
12 hours.
I think I'd sue somebody, don't you?
Yeah, I'd go for it.
Just for the hell of it.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I get it.
It's a jet.
Okay.
Freddie Mercury.
Freddie Mercury is excellent.
Is everybody doing right?
I think that's a good one.
Hey, are you from Michigan?
I beg your pardon?
Are you from Michigan?
Am I from Michigan?
No, did I live in Michigan for 12 years, yes?
From all high, I was just curious.
I was wondering, I'm a moon left in the morning.
What does Ohio have to do with Michigan?
I don't know.
I like Cleveland.
I'm a Cleveland boy.
I don't know.
I like Cleveland.
Oh, you like Cleveland.
My God.
That's a horrible thought.
That's my ground.
That would be like my, you know, I was a Browns fan all my life until I came to Florida.
Oh, well, and we had Bill Bollacek.
How do you figure that one out?
He could do anything.
Yeah, we used to have the real Browns too until our modem was in the right one.
That's right.
We had Bernie Koozard.
You sure got those neat uniforms?
Well, we're into those one, that one game they played, which game was that?
We're going to have those really freaky uniforms.
Oh, yeah.
All orange.
Yeah, it was pretty ugly.
Good luck out.
I'll see you in the limo, okay?
Yeah.
Freddie Mercury.
Good luck to you, thanks, Frank.
Freddie Mercury, got it?
Yeah, we got it.
Very popular during life, but certainly every sporting event you go to now, right?
Yeah.
Well, that we are the champions, but that's going on long before he died.
But it's going on now.
Or it's this.
Speaking of Peterfile, Peter, you still got that Peterfile that you got the other one?
Yeah, those animal lovers in Peter.
I picked it up away.
If I ever hear this again, it will be too soon.
So I'm going to save him.
We're going to avoid the pain in the punishment.
That's a good choice, Freddie Mercury, I think.
You know?
No, but what about the, I got one for you.
Frankie Lyman.
Get it on there.
See, I beat him to the punch.
Frankie Lyman.
Get it on.
Let's put Freddie.
Let's put Frankie Lyman on every pool, no matter what it is, you know?
I think that's a good idea.
Just to pacify that one guy's got no matter what it is.
That's a hot of the Freddie Lyman.
Why do fools fall in love?
That was the middle of his smash, it was big.
WQI am, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, Pali.
Before we got another poll with the suggestion, I just got to say something that irritates the crap out of me.
That can't be.
The right out of place.
Yeah.
What is with George Corso in that Dan E.A.N.S test?
Oh, they're still doing that in the middle of the show?
Yeah, they just did it just in front of your stop set.
Really?
Yeah, no sweep or no reach.
I came up in the middle of the first spot.
Well, that's because he's an idiot.
What do you expect?
Can't complain about our engineering because we don't have any.
That's why our fax machine is still screwed up from Friday.
We just got a bunch of losers who hang around and complain about their overwork.
They don't want to do anything.
A bunch of fakers.
Right, that's right.
That's the beastly FN Wayman.
You ought to know that.
Well, and I'm also inquisitive as to what happened to screw in?
Where did she go?
What happened?
We'll see her in a more firedeted.
She got the Donald Trump treatment man firedeted.
Why does she get firedeted?
I don't know.
Maybe they found her collection of pictures she was hiding and they once they had them they need her anymore.
Oh, those pictures, those days.
I'm taking it one thing, man.
This new sales guy.
I don't think I, I don't know if I met him or not, but he sure ain't doing much of a job.
We don't have any spots.
We have no spots on the log, man.
We got all these junk.
We got an 87-year-old.
We got everybody in town listening.
And they can't sell it.
And my friend Jeff Cohen at the pizza law says that our sales department's jerking him around and trying to charge him $8,000 a spot.
Because he's, that's the way it works.
You know, you see if you're a regular person.
You have to crash Jewish.
You have to crash on the regular customer said.
Right.
Anybody who is that can help?
Just like the talent.
They treat our clients to somebody they treat the talent.
Crap all over a man.
Abuse them and they use them and lose them.
And that's what they're going to do.
They're going to lose Mad Dog and they're probably going to lose the huff or two if they don't cut this crap.
That's Joyce.
Listen, you think you have some idea based on what I'm talking on the year.
You haven't got a clue what's going on in this joint.
I can only imagine.
You know, when a general manager shakes your agents' hand and says, oh, we got a deal.
And then you find out that nobody else in the company knows anything about it.
There is no contract and there is no check and there is no nothing.
All of a sudden you have to like raise four eyebrows and wonder, what kind of a bunch of crazy people I'm working for.
You got to remember he's been in town for 19 years and for 19 years it's been nonstop.
It's the same thing.
Right.
You know, he just, he doesn't know what he's doing from, from Wednesday to Thursday.
You have at least he's consistent.
Well, that's all he out.
That's true.
All right, I have one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
It's wishful thinking.
Very king.
Oh, please.
I'm holding my, I'm crossing my legs for that.
I'll read the lyric Kings story and it'll do the same thing it did for Johnny.
Yeah.
And for podcast or facts, what's the weather up there today?
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
Get out of the business before it's too late.
There's our PD friend from over there at the light one.
Oh, whatever.
His great radio.
Yeah.
Now, I'll pull it and I see Josh is going to put Larry King on there.
It's not dead yet.
Really?
I know it's not easy to tell.
To me, he's, he's serving a suspended sentence, but whatever.
Wow.
Survey finds church going American.
Oh, and one other thing too, that business about on Friday when the ratings were coming in that last hour.
And you tell me Greg comes in and wants to make sure I know he's a, congratulations on a great book.
If he would have bent over and farted right in your face, that would have had a greater impact.
That would have found that at least amusing.
It would have had some impact on me, you know.
And I'm, you too.
I sure.
Yeah.
No, and that's seriously, what does that mean?
Like, I'm supposed to be impressed by that.
After all the screwing around and the lies and the crap and the kind of insanity that goes on in this company.
That's, that's become so much worse the last few months.
It's like, it's like these people have just, you know, it's one thing to have a screw loose.
It's all the screws just came on, don't you know?
It's like all of a sudden you go out to your car, you start to engine like everything just falls apart and like little pieces on the ground.
And that's what's happening to QAmen's spite of our big numbers.
We're doing it in spite of these people, folks.
Just, it's just astonishing.
It's the only radio station I can think of in America that it's got a lineup on here.
It's not the one that they want.
They got people on there.
They don't want on here at all.
They got them on in the wrong time.
It's just, it's amazing.
Estonishing.
And then we keep hearing that the mad dog's got a deal.
Oh, I guess he doesn't.
My hand can't do deal.
Oh, not yet.
Get it done already and stop the procrastination.
Stop driving everybody crazy.
That's my suggestion to you, okay?
Go out and sell some spots.
Go make some money.
Go sell those big numbers we just put out there.
Yeah, put putting the girl out there in a street corner with a tin cup.
A dollar or a dollar.
We'll give you a spot.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
But we have a lot of plastic cups in here already.
Whatever.
They're pretty shaped.
Plastic cups.
Anything we got.
Some of those baseball caps.
Just go out there and a corollic those homeless voice people do.
Oh.
And don't give me started on them.
Please.
They don't call.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, Sean Kanani.
Maybe he could be driving.
He could be doing shotgun with the Joyce.
Sean Kanani, excuse me.
Who's full of belonging?
Yes.
And remember what they said?
Huh?
I said yes he is.
And remember what they said to God for?
It leaves me good.
Take the big number.
Which almost drives.
Not quite.
Sir May finds church going Americans less tolerant.
Let's do that story after the break.
I got a few bedtime stories here.
A little mix and match.
A little something for everybody today.
Including our sales department.
I got something for them.
It's called my foot up their ass is what it is.
If I sound a little bit wild today, it is better to be here.
And that's the whole thing with Hank.
That's just sent me off.
I wasn't such a good mood.
Even inspired that horrible day with the power out yesterday.
Killed about an hour and a half of that time with the power down.
And having a great dinner at Ruth Chris in the Hilton Hotel in Toronto.
The best Ruth Chris of mall is this one.
Now you'll say, well, why is that?
Well, I told you I didn't want to say anything.
But when I was down there that week, that awful week.
A bunch of us went to Ruth Chris because I thought I was doing something nice for everybody.
And it was like disappointing.
Even though the very nice lady called the next day, called the house.
Oh, thanks very much for coming by.
It was nice to see me only.
But it was weak.
How is that possible?
I don't know.
Opti.
No, because beast.
I remember Josh when George was on vacation.
I was given beast crap because he said he went to the one of Coral Gables and it was a disappointing.
Yeah, he said he had a bad time.
I apologize to the beast because evidently they were.
But I don't know.
Maybe since Ruth died, which is not long ago.
Maybe other things are going to hell on a hand-basket.
But the one up here is just the, oh, brother.
That French onion soup and they bake it in the oven.
So it's just almost burns on top.
You know what I mean?
So the cheese is really crisp.
And then they ribbed.
I just cooked exactly the way you want it.
And just without the butter, by the way, in my case.
And just juicy and tender.
And just enough flour on the edges to make it so tasty.
If it just almost spas out on the table, it was great.
But sure glad we got food out of it.
What do you got?
AC subs, Linux 80 subs.
Linux 80 subs coming today where I were used to make the difference.
And now the guy's name is Jason.
And thanks again to the ex, that text mext or whatever that place was on Friday.
He wore a taxi company.
He wanted taxi because George and Josh had worried about it.
He said not only was the price right, but the food was sensational.
They put the whole building and everybody loved it.
Great.
See, they had them and there's a smart guy.
He knows he's going to give a little plug on the air.
He comes by, brings it to food.
That's a smart guy.
4,400 South University Drive in Davie.
See, there you go.
Now if Jeff Cohen would advance that if Billy Akin about to affect the sales department keeps screwing him over,
if he'd bring you by some food, then we'd get him a plug again at the pizza loft in Davie.
What?
At the third wheel.
He said, I'm University Drive between 595 and Griffin Road in Davie.
One of my fine longstanding sponsors that our sales department's trying to destroy, trying to put him out of business because he's Jewish.
Armstrong Ford Vice President and General Manager David Rich called last week.
Or was it two weeks ago now and said that he's overstocked with Mustangs.
I think it was week before last, Pat Boy.
I don't mean you, David.
I mean, Jeff High.
He said Armstrong Ford will blow off these new 2005 6-h order Mustangs for the little of 17,900 bucks which saves you over $3,500.
That's what Bill Cullen used to say, dollars, you want to know why?
He's from a Pittsburgh Western PA.
Doors. They say doors.
Doors.
Plus at Armstrong Ford they have a couple of 2004 models left and get this.
They'll let them go for just 12,499 original MSRP on these with 1860, which means you save over 5,600 bucks.
Great deals plus is always Armstrong Ford includes tires and batteries for life with each vehicle you buy.
Great prices and value friendly service that's the Armstrong difference.
So when you're ready for a new vehicle, come to the dealer that treats you just like family, Armstrong Ford or Homestead, Southwest 307 Street, US1, exit a Campbell driver off the turn pipe.
Believe you may, it's well worth the drive of few extra miles because we're going to save you thousands of dollars.
Prices include off factory rebates and discounts with approved credit plus tax tag and fees at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
And then they're going to have to save.
What the hell is that right?
It's a bit.
You are the sneak to Neil Rogers.
It's going to be a bit of a mistake.
A.M.
Want a lollipop little boy?
No.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
Chasing is doing all right on screen.
All right.
Chasing is back on screen.
Oh yeah.
Chasing is in a bit movie.
Chasing is doing all right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
No one has been sprayed in the fire.
No one has been splashed up the blood.
No one has got his first star.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh yeah.
Jesus is doing all right.
What the hell is that?
Jesus is doing all right on screen.
Jesus make you a seat.
Jesus is doing all right.
No one has got his first star.
No one has got his first star.
Jesus has had a big play day.
Jesus is doing all right.
What the hell is that?
All right.
All right.
Let's have a PN at 560 W.A.M.
A, let's do this all day.
Get out of the Johnny.
From now it's going to be the Johnny.
Bill.
Here.
Johnny.
Get out of the thing soon.
Survey finds church going Americans less tolerant.
Church going Americans have run increasingly intolerant in the past
for years of politicians making compromises on such hot issues
as abortion and gay rights according to a survey released on Saturday.
No forget religion without a scapegoat ain't worth a damn.
At the same time, those poets said they were going bolder about pushing their beliefs on others
even if the risk of offending someone.
They're becoming more far business than Chinese say.
The trends could indicate that religions become more prominent in American discourse,
more salient according to Ruth Wooden, president of public agenda,
nonpartisan research organization which released a survey.
Speaking of organization, Trevor Lyndon says looks like two seasons with no hockey,
but nevertheless.
Also I got a very disturbing call from a rumor last night in the middle of the Patriot's game.
Don't call me when the Patriot's are playing a rumor you maniac you idiot.
It can also indicate more polarized political thinking.
There do not seem to be very many voices arguing for compromise that they should send an interview.
It could be that more religious voices be under siege,
pinned against the wall by cultural developments.
They may feel more emboldened as a result.
The November US election saw voters in a number of states back gay marriage bands
and president Bush won re-election with heavy support from fellow
religious far-bison conservatives.
Those surveyed were nearly all Christians not by design,
but because the sample reflected the makeup of the population group said
a 2002 Pew Research Council survey found that 82% of the US populists considered
itself to be Christian while 10% out of five with no religious group.
On the question of whether elected officials succed their conviction
to decide to get results in government, 84% agreed in 2000.
However, four years later that had dropped to 74%.
There was a sharper decline on the same question among weekly churchgoers
from 82% of the first survey to 63% of the second.
About 40% of Americans claimed to be weekly churchgoers
according to Corwin Smith, SMIDT, Schmitt,
Director of the Henry Institute for the Study Christianity and Politics of Calvin College in Michigan.
Some surveys have placed the figure at 25%.
Weekly churchgoers.
In other words, they talk of the game, but are they there to show up now?
Hell no.
They're busy drinking, screwing, doing drugs, stealing, right?
Judging.
In the survey, 32% of those who attended church ones
weeks ago were willing to compromise on abortion issues.
This goes out with numbers and numbers.
The poll also found that 37% overall felt that deeply religious people
should be careful not to offend anyone where they spread the word of God
or decline from 46% four years earlier.
Only 37% in other words 73%.
You know, see what I'm saying?
The water problem.
A number of those who felt that committed faithful should spread the word
whenever they can.
Rose to 41% up to six points.
They becoming more militant, more obnoxious,
more making you an offer you can't refuse, more inquisitive as in Spanish.
On another issue, the survey found little change in depending on whether the US
political system can handle greater interaction between religion and politics.
As if there was a threat.
If religious leaders and groups got a lot more involved in politics, 63% in 2000
and 61% in 2004 said the system could easily handle it.
All right, but the remainder continually the system would be threatened.
I guess that's the 20 of us who are sick and tired of the crap.
People are trying to beat you over the head with their bull crap religion,
with their superstition and phony, were lonely garbage.
They're holier than a crap.
All these, I'm a lot better than you are hypocrites, phonies like
Rular and Asselin Ball and Bill Bennett and all these other phony an Nazis.
And your president of course.
Well, he just, Abu Gharr, he's just dumb.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
They caught my check.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Superficient and phony.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil?
Yes.
Hey, I just said for the poll, I had a person for the poll.
Okay, go right ahead.
John Holmes.
John Holmes is much bigger now.
Well, I don't know if I'm about bigger, but good choice, pal.
And stay away from him, by the way.
Oh, definitely.
Thanks a lot.
I'll be back.
Stay away from that body, man.
It's still got problems.
Right.
John Holmes, an unliving legend.
How about Sherlock Holmes?
Just a joke, man.
I can't give a nice, shy lot of Holmes on air when they ain't no such guy.
Although he was so off the Conan Doyle, certainly much more popular after it.
Oh, how about some of those authors?
How about Shakespeare?
William Shakespeare.
Right?
Not even a contest, right?
No, not a contest.
I think that's the winner.
Marginal during his lifetime.
Right.
In fact, a lot of people aren't even sure if he wrote all that swill.
I mean, all those great-to-play.
It was not Francis Bacon.
It was Kevin Bacon.
Six degrees.
That was on guiding light.
He still played.
He was the son of that little short nurse that came up to about your hip.
Sarah McIntyre.
Boy, what a...
What?
Now, see what I mean about my mind?
That woman, she's probably dead by now.
She hasn't been on that show in a while.
I don't even watch this show much anymore except it's before passions here.
But, um...
She was a character when I showed like a hundred years ago.
And I just...
You just make some moments to Kevin Bacon and right away there is her name, like...
Just like that, right in my mind.
I gotta get rid of these things.
I have to clean the way for like important stuff.
I don't know what that might be, but anything.
Yeah, I know how that is.
My mind is cluttered with crap.
My brain is just filled with swill.
All the swill that I like is nobody else knows about.
I accept that one guy would have Floyd Penable Jr.
Everything.
That was good.
That was great.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I bought a two-pot one.
Two-pot, that's a good one.
He's a big now.
He's huge.
Yeah.
Not as huge as John Holmes, but almost.
What I'm going to ask you is Chris Boring.
5670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Rattles Line.
There isn't anybody unless they're from Michigan has any idea what I just said.
Or maybe Dick Feinberg might be listening at Pompano Park.
He ain't got much to do right at this moment.
I don't mind the 11.23 in the morning.
I'll probably get ready to put in some slots.
Now, see, what I want is I want my own machine with that money on it.
Yeah, we lose wheel of force in a $5 machine that does nothing but spin and pay jackpots over and over again.
And fat rich in on the plant.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, nomination for the poll, please.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead ahead.
Bobby DARREN.
Bobby DARREN is a perfect choice.
And you put him on there.
Bob Pooner, sky cat.
Bobby DARREN.
Look at how it's all good.
I just heard for Floyd.
And Mac the Knife, right?
I'm getting a headache from this show.
Mac the Knife, beyond the sea.
Dream lover.
That was my favorite Bobby DARREN.
It was a great song.
And what did I say, huh?
He was also in a lot of those cornball horrible movies.
You know, Lacanne, Francis, and Netflix, and the cello and Fabian.
And what's the name that they just said to me for?
Frankie Avila.
Elvis was not in those movies.
He was in his own bad movies.
WQAM, hello.
Mill.
Yes sir.
He had a watch, the game show network.
Okay, easily.
I was watching.
You're going to get a kick out of this.
They got a new show, a poker royale.
Yeah.
You'll never get through the host's was.
Eugene Rayburn.
No better.
Tom Lackas.
Tom Don't like it.
Tom Delighted.
The King Back the Life.
Holy cow.
Unbelievable.
Is he still got that same Black leather jacket?
The same jacket.
Yeah.
The guy said, could you take it off his nose?
Can't afford a new one.
Okay, thanks for the bag.
That's a good place for him.
I'm a game show channel, a plain poker, that Bobby Derrady was.
Splish splash.
Yes he did.
Splish splash that was taking a bath.
Yeah.
Advco records, by the way, white and yellow label.
I do that strictly for Bokobrine because he's very impressed with my.
Another piece of crap.
Now Frankie Lyman.
Why do fools fall in love?
I don't know what the label was.
Although if I put my mind, it was an orange label.
The record.
See back in the day, all you punk's out there, we used to buy records.
You know, 45s.
Before there were anything like CDs or even cassettes.
Records.
45s.
Do they even still sell 45s?
I don't know about 45s, they sell records.
Well, I know that.
I'm talking about 45s.
I don't know.
I mean, youth ones obviously as far as printing.
I'm talking about like no one's.
They don't put singles out on 45 now.
They put them all on CD.
It was an orange label.
White and Fools fall in love.
I think it's pretty impressive.
I think it's pretty impressive.
Bobby D'Arem.
You're on the same.
Where'd you get that?
Amazon.
Oh, this is a new thing we got now.
We can come up with any artist.
It's not new, but yeah.
Well, we've never been full.
I think it's pretty impressive.
It's just a new idea for me.
They let you preview everything they have on there.
So you can just click on it here a few seconds.
Right.
Well, what about Frankie Lyman and White and Fools fall in love?
They got that.
Frankie Lyman.
There's the Arthur Lyman group, yellow bird.
Oh, that was a turd.
Frankie Lyman and the teenagers.
What's the label?
It was on, it doesn't say what label it was on.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, here it is.
It was on G.
That's right.
G. I almost said G.
Or is that G like Dr. Rackens would say?
Don't eat the G.
G.
You got Frankie Lyman?
I'm getting it.
I'm getting it.
You better get it on there, Mr. Rouse.
Your master's grasp.
We'll turn you over to Joyce.
You got it?
Wait a minute.
I mean, you don't have to look at you.
You were between his hits because you only had one.
No, but you got to find the right place where it's got the sample screen.
Right.
And I found it.
See, if I would have left fix it, come up here and mess with my computer.
I could have liked to play it here, but I don't want to make any of it.
You made the right choice.
Yeah.
Also, it's buffering.
Oh, right.
It's buffering and we're suffering.
I'll tell you about it.
Give me a break.
Can we do the break?
All right.
And when we come back to that guy, in fact, that guy might want to get out a couple of towels
because we're going to play a little Frankie Lyman in the teenage as a wonderful swollen up.
But where did this come from?
What is this all about?
How do we follow it?
Oh, that's because we're doing who fits the description.
Someone became more popular after that.
Well, Frankie Lyman definitely is in a category.
I got another one for you.
Even much better.
You'll agree with this.
Big time.
Buddy Holly.
Oh, absolutely.
Is that a winner or what?
Like the perfect answer.
Who is that retard?
Oh, God.
I played him in a movie that real geeky actor Gary Bucy.
Gary Bucy.
Even the name just.
Ooh.
Gary Bucy.
Rhymes with Bucy.
And there used to be a harness racing driver in New York.
And his name was Marcel.
And the last name was P-U-S-E-Y.
Pucy.
Yeah.
28 past 11 at 560 W.
If you have the main man, Anthony Kelly and Oediceptance Capital Morgan says it's time for
New Year's resolutions like most Americans, hang off your credit cards, lowering your dead,
cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash investing in real estate, are at the top of
your list.
Sound photos form the hottest real estate markets in the U.S. so why keep so much equity in
your house to pay high interest rates?
The main man's new year's resolution is to give back to the community and miss you they
partnered with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000
abuse and neglected children each year.
Acceptance Capital is donating the portion of all commissions on every closed loan this
great cause.
And if you're in the mortgage business, the main man is always looking for brokers for his
four convenient locations too.
The main man, call him Anthony Kelly and do it 1-888-483-Lone.
That's 1-888-483-Lone or go to the mainman.com and follow out your application right
online.
Here's the number one more once 1-888-483-L-O-A-N.
You are the same as me, you are the new broker.
It's collusive late on 560 W.A.M.
The main man is always looking for brokers for his four convenient locations.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Look at them now Royal families and diamonds.
Don't forget to bridge their mostly Nazi light.
It's over , 11.32 or in his case Nazi Heavy, 28 till noon at 5.60 W.A.M.
Who best this is oh, we got the Frankie Lime here. Oh, no, I have it. Yes. Wait a minute. Let me pot it up
Pot and you say pot Frankie Lime and died from some bad pot. Oh
That's low to maybe dad like Elvis sitting on the pot
Where is it do this it keeps buffering every single time? Oh, I tested it. Maybe he's heard it some
Yeah, that's enough. Here
I started to say before we had to hear a Frankie Lime and it would have passed a by that crazy person out there in radio land
Um, do you realize let's see what when it's Eve Allen died about two three years ago? Okay, and then Jack par right and our Johnny Carson
Right, let me tell you that it's been an honor and a privilege to come in your homes all these years and entertain you
Highly overrated, but nevertheless, I mean, you know, it's inappropriate to say that on this day after he croaks
But it's just you know, it would be inconsistent
I've always said that before and other than that he died. I must say man
He was really a lot better than I ever thought he would know that the early days those clips those old shows
I guess it was pretty good, but I don't know he got tired. He lost it. I don't know. I mean there were some moments
I mean you know when I and Don Rickles were like
Wrestling when he was in his bathing suit. Yeah, they keep showing these little clips, but quite frankly I
Can't even without it. I think the phrases in its day. No, no, I don't think in its day. It was that great
I don't think now it's that great. I don't think it was ever that great jack par was great and Steve Allen was great
But this although compared to Jay Leno was spectacular. It was sensational. It was fantastic
Jay Leno is another one of those states of mind. It's if he didn't have the chin
He would be making like four bucks. He couldn't make four bucks a week without the chance
Now that's his thing. Yeah, that's a thing all right
Pentagon runs clandestine intelligence gathering infrastructure. Oh, no
The Pentagon's defense intelligence agency since 2002 is run an intelligence gathering and support unit that has a
Authority to operate clandestinely anywhere in the world where it is ordered to go in support of anti terrorism and counterterrorism
Missions a senior defense official said yesterday the official said the role of these strategic support branch to
Scrap first and Sundays walked in post is to provide an intelligence capability for field operation units including the US
Military's secret of special forces unit the SSB got its name in 2004 after operating under a different
I'm just close name before then said the official confirmed the units existence and mission to the CNN
That goes on and on it's yeah, what do you expect? Okay, they're doing all kinds of crap under the excuse
Well, you know, it's the war against terror the war against terria. Yeah, everything that's illegal everything
It's clandestine everything. It's a
Infringing on everybody's lives and rights. It's part of the war against terror. You know, just like I like rapid
Abu Garak that same crap too wait till you're this bad news in a wonder January 24th of study pressing first of all we lose Johnny
Friday you remember I couldn't stop saying that and I was to show you as part of my second abilities again
I knew he was on the way out
Told them oh
Already how did the Atlantic City Sempshoop that fast they love us? Oh, I know they do they damn well should light a hell
Not it holistically when Scott was there man. I hope he's a long gone from that organization
But there's a guy that really rubbed me the wrong way coming here
Remember when he used to give me those things to read on the air
I think oh that was just unbelievable
It's one thing the people bring in food to give him a nice plug. That's that's right. No customer in another one with that
But he used to bring in he'd write stuff out about their super bowl party platter
They're like I'm supposed to read this on the air and then I am bearish them in the vine like two spots once remember that
About two spots speak more of this one thing I can't stand his free loaders pony tail
I mean, no, you know, no these ponytails spend a lot of money on the show
The music and he'd like to be doing it now too far sales department wasn't jerking him around if they weren't screwing him over
I'd like to know who has that account
It was skipping before so that should tell you it was on a way into the toilet and who's inherited now
I did know how do you like to have a thousand dollars in your hand right now for every sales hole who's come and gone since we've been in a building
Oh, please would be rich man. Oh man. Oh, shevets
Not to mention Scott what's his name? It was different like about five minutes. We told him please don't do this
Scott Schwartz remember Scott I do our friend was husband professional sure and
And even look at that picture over there until you're right on the wall there look at all the figures P.D.O.
No, no, there's a
Frank no, he's not even he's not even the selling dollar a holler on the speed corner anymore Frank Brian Schutz Brian Schmutz
He's gone
Scrooan won't see that bitch no more John. We can't say his last name anymore. Oh, that's right John Wieness won't see him in there
No more he's gone and look what we got left on there. You got Todd Dreck and Fat Boy. Oh brother. What is that to Adam? Adam's good guy
That's it. I guess Troy didn't make the picture, huh? No, not yet
Troy, we can think about that about Dan Marino yesterday, you know and about all the comparisons with Sandy Peyton Manning and Danny Marino
And the fact that you know, he had those great receivers holders used actually had no running game. Yeah, no great running backs
Right, it marked things and then of course you had Troy Stratford
I mean when Troy Stratford is your most productive running back. I mean, what does that tell you? Huh?
Never had a chance old Batman lips Joker lips. I'm sorry. What kind of stuff is that Josh chicken tender? Okay, it's huge. Oh, is the chicken tender
That's right. Wow. Anyway, who is the bad news? I was gonna give you a try to postpone it all right a new deal is in a worse for NBC's morning star
Oh my god
See they were afraid see unlike the beesleys who in one of their stars is on a verge of getting signed away like mad dogs
You managed for the Humper Goldberg and they sign up right away to an extended deal in like a signed seal delivered
You know like the three of us unlike that these people have been hearing all the whispering about CBS wants to stick that bitch on
Erid replaced Dan rather and they said well, we rather have her here because we're desperate anyway then
We see the peacock is like molting
NBC is begun talks with the extent of contractors in a show anchor Katie Kourik
Which would preclude any chance of a jumping to CBS see that's the way a real broadcast organization works Carolin
Head them off and either the beesleys over there and Joyce
Head them off at the past and I guarantee when they were extended her contract
They're not gonna say oh well if you come in and look at somebody cross-eyed or if you like
Behaving a way that's not the conducive to a
Pleasant environment or like if you criticize somebody a little bit too much or if you look at
What's his name Matt Lauer cross-eyed? We're gonna fire your ass
She's not gonna sign that they're not gonna do that they're not gonna brow-beater because they want her they want her
So they want to be nicer and they want like kissy kissy kissy as
Opposed to the bee's leeway which is hissy hissy hissy hissy as in hissy fight because Carolin or what's her name?
Joyce she's gonna show them how sharp she is with her legal background in medical malpractice
Which has nothing to do with radio she would know a radio if you stuck 14,000 bulls those big super radios up her ass
You would know a radio and then if you reached in there to turn it out
She still wouldn't do it NBC president Jeff Zucker said for ideas the TV critics Association would have pressed to her that
Discussions to keep Katie Korka the never be on the 18 months left in a contractor underway and the new deals
Like they'd be keeper on the today's show as well not that she's any talent because she's pathetic
But nevertheless though they don't have much
Kork has reportedly been at the top of a wish list a replacement for Dan Rader who steps down March 9 on the CBS
Even news, but it says here let's emphasize the word wish. This is TV guide calm even though CBS
Exists may make contact with courage. She's contractually locked up to me 2006 just like mad dog
I see exactly the same thing no you right was contractually locked up with us till the end of this
So 2005 but nevertheless we'd like to make sure it stays around a long time
It doesn't jump ship and go over there to 790 which would put them on a map right now
They're like they're like off the just the edge of the map. They got Joe Rose. They're not doing much
They're not doing much, but you put him over there and then you put the Humphor over there and then we're done more
Friend it's a we'd be okay, but other than that the station just to shut it off except from 10 to 2 right right
It says by the way of CBS could give Kirk wouldn't to make more sense to put her on in the morning with all the talk about the
Stature the evening news anchor the morning shows are far more important to the financial well-being of the news divisions
Even in third place CBS is the early show makes more than a hundred million a year in profit
Do you need a man for add time on morning shows today? The rating leader makes close to 300 million but NBC isn't taking any chances
Courage salaries currently at 16 million a year with today's profit. She can probably expect a hefty raise
How do you like that? She's making 16 million a year this bitch Katie Kourik
Lightweight will be an understatement to call her a lightweight will be an insult to every lightweight in the universe
Am I right and she's making 16 million a year like they try to tell you all you Chinese kids
Zined-American baby even you got a shot no talent no great looks no nothing what you got?
She looks great those shoes. It's those shoes that did a Mel the Marcos showed her the way
You're listening to Neil Roger
560 WQ
Coming up tonight an inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
He came from Detroit
Actually Romeo Michigan with a badass name destined for hip-hop
Actually his real name is Bob Richie and the career spanning decades
And actually it hasn't been very long and he's been almost completely served playing in him. He's
Kid Rock
Listen man, I was one of the first white guys to be mixing rock with hip-hop
Dude I open the door to rock metal
Dude I've slept with Pamela Anderson
Huh up well whatever. Yes, Kid Rock is so
monumentally uninteresting that even the image of a naked Pamela Anderson riding him like a running wildebeest
Could do little to muster the enthusiasm of our inside the behind interviewer
Come on dude Pamela Anderson
How you guys suck
Kid Rock and we'll be long before when you look up dumbed in the dictionary his picture will be there
Right next to a room fine
It's a big juicy something what look at your business tonight on inside of a high
Living 45 15-go Luna 5 60 WQ Mad Dog at two although quite frankly and then we got the Mohawar David and four
Even more quite frankly then we got the Galdi making one of those appearances
So I'm gonna try and indicate 10 o'clock tonight. No ball games. No nothing
Who best fits this description some of it became more popular after death Jesus Christ 141
You can't get much more popular than Jesus
James Dean 25 Elvis 24 Nicole Simpson 17 Merlin Monroe 14 Kurt Cobain's got 11 Bruce Lee 10
Tim Morrison 9 Vincent Van Gogh 8. Oh, I like the way we spelled that
Oh, man
VA NGO
They'll love was it. It's like that dog B.I. NGO remember vingo was his name
Van Gogh was his name
Uh patchy client six Capricus four two packs got three
Oh, he's got a three pack buddy Holly's got one William Shakespeare one John Holmes one Frankie Lyman's got one
I can't imagine who that could be Bobby there and Freddie Mercury now for his box. So far got the big. Oh, how do you like that?
Hmm even Freddie Mercury? How's that possible because it's that
appropriate? Oh, because he doesn't fit on there. In other words, he's more popular alive
Yeah, he's the old news now by the time he died the career was long since over the show touring and uh, right
Company Q.A.M. Hello
Yes, how you doing pretty good? All right. I'm a stupid Neil speaking all right
I go with curly Howard. How about Moe?
Of course and shampoo too. Okay
Curly Howard
That anymore about all of them huh? How about the three studios we could
And we wouldn't want to like separate a monitor. How about just all three of them right the three very curly and
Huh? Sure. Get him on her. It's because
But no, Jim
5607 O560 pound 560 and a Verizon singular Rottos line
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir. Good. The day. The I have a poll question. Yes, and for you
Yeah, who's the biggest typecast of on-site? I think it's Steve Erkle the biggest tightcast. Yes, sir
What do you think George? Please, please, please, George. We can do it
Yeah, thanks for your pro can't thank
No problem. Thanks for your approval. I think that was the crazy guy
What does it crazy guy? Oh, yeah, we don't have too many crazy guys. How many we got?
An hour. Yeah, that was him. I think he actually finally pushed up and spoke he found a gotten idea and we give him a good idea
Okay, so write that down right who's the most the most typecast actor or actress the most typecast
Yeah, kind of like um
That one that can't act at all that's a mafia one that we talk about Danny Ayello, right?
Is no William Shatter Leonard Nimoy. They're always complaining about that. Are they really?
Huh, just this morning
Well, let's not start making this scene now you're doing a wrong thing. You're gonna make your list
We might do this tomorrow. Whatever day we decide to do it
But now you're making the list here already and then they're gonna be calling it all for that typecast right now
Forget about it. If you're calling for that poll today, you know, you had it. Okay. You're gonna join Johnny Carson
Here goes Johnny and the car
And the box
Okay, so that must be Doc Severance and blow it on that thing. Thank you
W.A.M. Hello
Leo for that typecast now. I'm just kidding never again
Never again. Well, I got your Patriots. Me. I bet it against them last week in a week before that
And I will not bet against them this week
They are
Another thing they had a special
Well, I guarantee you this week they won't lose I bet anybody knows what I mean next week
Um, they had the one of the most special guests with Johnny Carson on a new segment last night the amazing Randy
Right. Oh, I hate that guy
Yeah, yeah, but I had him on and uh, where he blows in the envelope
What's that? Where he blows in the envelope? Exactly. Yeah, amazing. No, no, no, not the
Not the character that Johnny Carson plays the amazing Randy
Oh, is it? Yeah, I'm radio guy the radio James Randy. I have no idea who that is
He did the bus myths and religious coups. I have no idea. Oh, you know, I thought you would know that by now. No
I know right now. I'm still learning man. I'm still learning but I don't want to
I'm gonna
You
W.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm Oliver Neil speaking. Hey, the old first of all I have a suggestion for the ball
At a comment I'm a nape also. Thank you for being on the area
The only one that keeps my sanity they got every white blue moron on the radio here all day long exactly
Maybe white wing moron you got it. Who is the who is the suggestion? Not not should almost
Nice to know should omis is great. Right. That's whatever right exactly. Thanks a lot, Palli
Hey, see no should omis in fact I actually thought of that yesterday when I put this pool thing on air and then
sub my mind
I had more important fish to fry like trying to stay above for a 10 degrees below zero
Wow with the power out. You know if I had to choose and I'm sure we've done this pull before what one
Invention could you least live without right we don't know something like that electricity right well
Because all of the things that it powers right anyway anything else. I mean, I don't know too many people got a battery operated TV
Right we have battery operated radios, but you know who cares about radio anymore. I mean radios like a dinosaur exactly
Especially a radio right. Oh, we're aim-raders. Oh
History get rid of it
But seriously, I mean electricity when you're without it and then of course you start thinking like well how
How did the Greeks and the Romans and the old time they can
Back in colonial days and all through history how did people survive without electricity?
They had days no, and the seriously don't you ever wonder that I've I've experienced it because I didn't have a TV when I was a Christian all those years
So we do it. You didn't have a TV when you were a Christian. That's right. So I'll tell you how we survive
Now a lot of heavy petty
Wow, you must have really been they must have had your brain inside out
Yeah, but I got back like when you put a pair of underwear out of the drawer in the morning and like is inside out
And you got to like turn it back outside in that must have been what your brain was like. I came back
There ain't nothing like being a Christian, baby
I'm not talking about just an ordinary pedestrian Christian. I'm talking about a hard brain wash the real
Christian wow, we have to wait. Hello
How about Jerry Garcia even on tour for about 30 man
I would think that I think it's a good choice don't you sure what Jerry Garcia or you're eating on the air again
So good. I'm not thinking about food. I had a wrist-lice night big big fat meal
Although I'll take it you know that's one thing about a meal like that onion soup
Spinach or rotten and a nice big juicy rib ice thing
Doesn't your blood sugar actually is stable than do anything because there isn't the right crap and that a whole lot of carbs
No no carbs maybe a little in the cheese or the spinach
Why should we like spinach all rotten not like plain spinach all those spinach with butters. Okay. You don't like spinach?
No, no, no or broccoli right I can both broccoli I'll grind which you also want to know you worth
They got a real good words Chris here, and he helped no hotel in Toronto also in Mrs. Saga the wonderful lottery
WQ I am hello
Pretty good kitty curfew to the button first of all
Sam can have some fear with and Robert creepers that
Okay, all I'm glad you mentioned Robert creeper because Georgia. We're a conjecturing before the show this morning
The rumor is that from now on Robert creeper is gonna negotiate all new contracts for the
Italian of the QAM and will have just as much umph just as much cloud is when Greg
Negotiates them now none. Yeah, when you shake Robert creepers hand on a deal or QA in fact tell a hank
And the mad dog if they want to get their deal finalized the way they want it just make a deal with Robert
Have their lawyers have them and make have a place for Robert to sign it
It'll have every much the impact and the cloud the Greg reads signature has now even with the even with the squiggle
When in doubt they throw it out you're out Greg
WQ I am hello
QAM you guys are we gonna hang and make a parade what your Roger your Roger's tank mad dog 80k
Piolli no
What do you got Pally?
Not much five six seven oh five six you what up what I'm more on man. What an imbecile what I would just
Why did you pick up the phone? Why did you go to the effort of having somebody dial the number for you? Okay?
You just can't put it man. So a task as simple as that in life and you just can't get the job done
Just when in doubt spit it out baby spit it out
WQ I am hello. Hey Neil how you doing pretty good Pally. I've got two religious figures that have been touched on for your poll
But first I'd like to say the Jerry Garcia and Sam Kenneth and made their mark long before their death
And I think some of your listeners are getting off Q as people would be more famous and is not the who now cares about Sam
Well, that my two for the poll are the two are waiting but Jerry Garcia
I think that I think that thanks to Ben and Jerry's in like Jerry Garcia. I think that the I don't know
I think the grateful dinner like bigger now than ever. Yeah, that is true
But the two that I have for the poll on when you're a new person died. Yeah, matter fact. I'm sorry. Who you got?
David Koresh and the Reverend Jim Jones
Excellent. Oh Reverend Jones
That's that one too
Okay
You got it. Yeah, Reverend Jim Jones. That's the cool aid guys as opposed to the other Reverend Jones who called the last
Colorado on Hang show today you better like your
Yeah, you better start giving them little heads up there on some of those chronic callers
Well, listen, huh if we would listen what do you mean by that? We don't we have already potted it up the caller was on the air
Still but from now on we'll have to listen earlier
No
I mean nothing personal with Hank. We just don't listen to sports here
We don't listen to any show when stern was on we don't have time to be listening to morning show
We're too busy spreading evil rumors about QA. No, not even just truth absorbing them. Yeah, we don't need any
Rumors just the truth
I think the only question about today's poll is who's going to be in second place who's going to be right on Jesus behind
Because Jesus is 160 vote. There ain't nobody can touch Jesus
They might want to touch that shroud of terrain or maybe that toilet tank that his daddy signed, but he could touch you
Jesus 160
Elvis 31 James Dean 29 we got a good battle there and quite frankly who cares about
His mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on q8m
Oh
All the wives
To all the women he makes for
He threw them from his house to make room for commons
That's billionaire playboy
ma'am
To all the wives he's had before
That narcissistic man
Here's born
Without cash he said, John I dare say
From would have no prayer in hell
those
My
All
he
Disguised
Or Standing hi. I am
His power.
Through all their wives he's tried before.
There's no question that he'll have more.
Mill on yours number three, but I can't wait to see
Whose trunk will pick as number four.
Through all their wives he's had before.
Through fact their jewels and his adore.
He's such a horny puked, with an iron clad green love.
And this is his wedding encore.
God, read of my life and he won't fall.
He threw the right out of this tree.
He met a new girl and said, hey, why not?
He might go, wife and rough, might sticky tea.
You periled, give you candy, I'll drink.
Provo to a five sixty, nobody to you, I'm happy Monday.
I don't believe any of that crap about this being the most depressing day of the year.
That's only for the brits, okay?
And what are the brits now?
The brits don't know Schmidt.
Well, actually they do know because that's probably their last name is Schmidt, right?
Right.
It's in hell with Schmidt, things like that.
Five sixty seven, oh five sixty, Tom five sixty out of Verizon, Sing it a ride of Sons.
We're taking congratulations calls for the Patriots tremendous fraction victory over the Steelers last night, forty one at twenty seventy,
but I wasn't that close.
Final score was not indicative of the game.
Is that correct John?
Very correct.
Because they gave, I don't know what the hell they did that for the end of the game.
They just basically like backed off and they said, oh well, let's go down the field, get another touchdown soon and feel so bad.
And then it meant the way it looked, pretty much.
Now what was that?
There were like playing no defense, they just, it was like a scrimmage or something.
When he threw that touchdown pass in there was like, okay, well there you go, there's one for you.
Now let's get this over and go, go get the trophy again.
Kind of strange.
WCYM Hello.
That's a cool man, Rod Sourley.
WCYM Hello.
Hey there.
JFK.
Who is it?
JFK.
JFK was a more proper, yeah, I would think so.
He's only present in the lessons for years, you're right.
OK, JFK, you got it?
Good choice.
That is an excellent choice.
Yes it is.
WCYM Hello.
I got another one in the same genre by the way, what about Martin Luther King?
OK.
When you agree?
Yes I would.
Junior?
The WCYM Hello.
Ernie Timingway.
Ernie Timingway is, uh...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well that meant...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just for that.
Yeah.
OK.
Yes.
56670560, pound 560 under a horizon and singular ribos line.
Whatever you say.
WCYM Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Michael Sourley.
WCYM Hello.
Neil, when it comes to that football game you had your finger right on it and the result of the game too.
Uh huh.
You know, I can't wait to see him run up the score again so we can see that sour push of coach power.
What a clown.
Yeah.
It's something wrong with him.
And Josh says, oh just because he's got that, uh...
What did you call it?
Scowl?
Emotion?
Yeah, emotion, man.
It's not just emotion.
It's like emotion ever.
I mean, you know, everybody's got emotions but emotion like a crazy person like Renfield and Dracula.
He had emotions too but he was like a little over the top.
You know what I mean?
A little over the top?
Right but I think that's funny.
You think it's funny?
Yes.
I think it's scary.
I think he could be like the next one he hates.
He's been like a belt one of the players one of these days soon.
I could be wrong about that but he just looks to me like a loose cannon man.
He looks like a wild man.
Plus he's got a great record in these playoffs.
Who have any QAM?
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Going for the poll.
Okay.
I'm Celia Cruz and I'm dead now.
Oh yeah, but I'm huge.
That's right.
People have never heard of Celia Cruz before.
You.
Oh I see like other Anglo people have heard of Celia Cruz.
No, we only heard about her during her death.
Right, that's the point.
That's what the poll is.
That didn't make her popular or big.
Someone who became more popular after death.
We didn't say big but more popular.
Is that 80s?
That gave me no.
No.
Yeah.
At least in our crowd.
Yeah, record sales took her right there.
A bigger part.
I said those record sales really took off.
Not.
More popular.
We didn't say more profitable.
We didn't say sold more records.
We didn't say sold more movie.
Sold more movies.
Sold all the new DVDs and DVDs.
We said the news more popular.
Well.
How about this guy?
Everybody with a show we got Celia Cruz going on.
Okay.
Put Celia on there.
Don't be so Cuban phobic.
Whoever that is.
Or like Stan Major would say so.
Hit for phobic.
What a jerk.
What a jackass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon and Singular Riders lines.
WCYM, hello.
Bob Marley.
Bob Marley is big now, mine, right?
Yeah, mine.
Yeah, mine.
When you agree that?
Yeah, mine, right.
No?
Yes?
Okay.
Please, scare me there.
Bob Marley, no dude devoted.
Big, huge.
I'll give you another one.
Same here, Anra.
Jimmy Hendrix.
Okay.
No?
No, I do agree.
What about Ted Hendrix?
What was his name?
Pedro Coles.
Ted Hendrix.
The Hawk, the beak.
Huh?
Before your time drive.
Football player.
Football player.
Football player.
What about their typing?
He can't answer you.
He, alright.
He doesn't know who that is anyway.
The Stork, the beak, the Hawk, the something like that.
Ted Hendrix.
The Pelican.
That's it.
Brief.
WCYM, hello.
Hey, look at Bob Marley.
I'm out of gin and drink.
Jimmy Hendrix is with my son.
Thanks a lot.
See, it's that psychic ability again.
I have a feeling I know who's going to die yesterday.
Oh, no.
Johnny.
See how people take me for granted effect that on Friday.
I had that story from the inquirer.
I mean, what are the odds?
And remember, I was like, ogling over that picture of Jesse Metcalf.
And then I turned around.
I said, oh, I can't do that because the other side's got the big story about Johnny Carson's
secret medical emergency.
The beloved tonight show star was unable to breathe.
And the fact that he's got this, after the medical drama, Johnny said, I couldn't read, I thought it was dying.
Well, guess what?
Guess what you were, Johnny?
Absolutely correct, sir.
Yeah, you were.
You just didn't know yet.
Well, what a horrible picture.
Total, Johnny, taking two days before his or her deal shows how bloated it became to the illness, all puffed up like a bullfrog.
Just looking really bad.
Given like a little wave there, this little very low-key, little wave like, I'm out.
Guess what?
What?
He's out.
Oh, I guess who's going to be next?
I hate to say it.
I'm thinking of your clue.
All right.
What's it called?
Oh, here's what it's.
A greeny bastard?
Oh, yeah.
A show it is, hey.
A gift of a baby.
See, I'm, I know there's a lot of difference.
We liked Johnny Carson, even if I didn't think he'd show us all that great and he was overrated.
There was nothing I could like.
He was okay.
He never saw a furry dream.
Whereas Dick Clark, we find out from Michael Moore after all these years had us buffaloed until he was basically pretty easy.
I was a guy and I did like to then appear in a show the 25,000 or 50 or whatever was pyramid.
See now, I'll only watch the one that's got Bill Cohen on it.
Now, why couldn't Bill Cohen still be alive and Dick Clark, we did?
Wouldn't that be justice?
One of those things.
Yeah.
That's God for you.
Didn't you like Bill Cohen?
I realized it's, huh?
He was fine.
Yeah, he was good.
He was a game show host.
In other words, or a guy and a panelist.
That was this thing.
Like Kitty Carlisle.
Right?
Right.
Who is some other game show, a panelist, professional panelists?
Arlene Francis?
Brett Summers.
Brett Summers, Charles Nelson Riley.
Richard Dawson.
Yeah, he's a good guy.
Every afternoon, no, we watch the match game reruns.
Right, Jim Rayburn?
Absolutely.
You know, though, he a show was kind of funny.
Well, I mean, I thought so back then, but you know how things are.
No, it is good.
He's right.
Match game is still good to watch.
Marshall Wallace was on there from laughing.
Right.
Every now and then.
And right next to Brett Summers once and about,
was there a husband Jack Flugman in the upper left hand corner?
He was there under what's the mile.
Back when he could still speak.
Another one, Betty White.
Right.
Right?
White, Marie D'Alem Luden, who made a hell of a cough drop.
And he also was gay.
WDQA M, hello.
Daniel, I have two for your poll.
Okay.
I got two pops, you cool?
Got him.
And then, hold on, then we got Gordon Wamshan.
Gordon Wamshan.
Gordon Wamshan.
Where's he, Brad?
I didn't understand it worked.
Oh, good.
I think he said Gordon Strongfoot.
WDQA M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, Jim Proudfoot.
Yes, sir.
About ILL, whatever, what's your name?
I'm Lacey Peterson.
ILL, no, for my ILL, ILL.
Oh, ILL, ILL, ILL, yeah.
She's a big now.
ILL, in fact, I've shown her videos now.
One more thing.
This Friday, could you read a story about Carl Rill, please?
About what?
Carl Rill.
Well, what can you read a story about him?
Did you get what you're magic on him?
Like you're what you're magic on, Paul?
Oh, I see.
Oh, OK.
I'll work on it.
Thank you.
Good idea.
Like the one we did about Johnny.
Yeah.
Thursday, I read a story about Dick Clark and then Carl Rill,
over there, Roping Maniac on Friday.
We'll put a, we'll put a hex.
How do you like that?
And I'll be clung.
We're going to talk about Joyce.
Not that we wish you any of your health joys,
or anything like that, or that you should fall and break your neck, or something like that.
And you are definitely the chigger in our wood file.
I'll say that, honey.
You come along.
No.
Well, it seemed to me that we're like, re even though they didn't want to paint anybody on time.
Other than that, they were fairly reasonable and they might have their own business over there in West Coast and Naples.
But once this broad came along, look out.
Now she's got to come in there and really be the bush boss.
Yeah, and she's going to piss everybody off and try to place it in one nightmare.
We don't need any more of this chaos, OK?
There is a New Year's resolution for beastly broadcasting and Greg Reed.
No more chaos in 2005, OK?
Cut the crap now.
Get it done.
And I'm going to tell you, even though we've had the column, Sarni had a column, and Barry Jack asked for his cram.
Let me tell you very instead of wasting your time writing a whole article this morning about a station that nobody even listens to,
that doesn't even show up on a waiting list.
It doesn't make the needle move on a Richter scale.
You're not even coming close to getting the real low.
No matter how much they write about where you're OK-os and all that stuff.
You're not even coming close to the shenanigans that insanity that's going on in this company.
A company, by the way, which is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange,
which passes itself off as a respectable, honorable company,
and is like playing fast and loosely with people and trying to like,
I don't even know how to describe it.
Like a bunch of sadists.
Oh, you've ill-signed this, and you've ill-signed that we won't.
Oh, you've ill-do it, no we won't.
You have to be elunited to sign this swill at this broadest put in that.
Oh, yeah, you've got to be nice, and you've got to talk nice about this one, and be nice about that.
After six months of that, we wouldn't have anybody who's left listening.
Why don't we just put the Joyce Fitzgera one 24-7?
What do you say, huh?
Here's that bitch.
Old Joyce Fitzgera, here you go. Here she is.
Got a theme song for her.
I know that, but I want to know that.
Basically, what we got now, we got a ping contest between her and Greg.
That's what it all boils down to.
We got a power struggle going on, and he's on the losing end right at the moment.
His power, it's like on a small hill, you know, when they bring out the kryptonite.
The kryptonite, when they bring the rocks out.
I have a sudden poor car, he's like wimpy and limpian, that, limpian, limpian nod.
And that's what's going on at QM now.
I think once they cut his hair real short, when I leave Faggy Luis Miguel haircut, I think since then he's been impotent.
He's got a very important guy in the mailstrom of things.
1213 at 560 WQM, you know, IRS tax progencers know it out about this day of a way of ruining all aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about those IRS problems they come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat, ready to like pee or pants.
CPH Amy Buckwell to the Buckwell Tax firm will help annual IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind, which is why other top CPA and law firms are further clients too, the Buckwell Tax firm when they have problems with the IRS.
One out of boy potential criminal prosecution, get all unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Now, maybe you've got an IRS lien, a wage levy, O payroll taxes and penalties, or you want to settle for thousands less than you already time to pay, whatever your dilemma, the Buckwell Tax firm will get that monkey off your back.
They offer you a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately from our rest harassment.
And best of all, you don't even have to go to those IRS meetings because the Buckwell Tax firm handles all meetings and discussions, you don't even have to be there.
So call them today and they get some help, okay, throw out that life raft. 954, 575, 2800.
That's 954, 575, 2800, whether you own 10 grand or a million IRS taxes or anything in between, the Buckwell Tax firm will help you out.
Call them today for that free consultation, there's absolutely no obligation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stuff worrying about the IRS knocking on that door.
Call them today 954, 575, 2800.
You want to say that the annual rush is exclusively on 560, the UAM.
You know in the state of the state's speeches over governors often begin by listing their accomplishments of the past year, while I would do the same.
Last year on the my administration, he slipped into a financial black hole and we have other good news.
Ladies and gentlemen, I did not care for the list in shakedown lawsuits and we cut the average wait time at the Department of Motor Vehicles to 13 months.
Now that's terrific news. My colleagues, I say to you, this year we must do two things.
Throw the drive up to spending by billions of dollars and throw the destroyed of people's faith in their government.
Thank you very much and that was all of you. Thank you.
We're talking about you in 30, 417-560-WQ-WAM. Who best fits this description? Someone who became more popular after death.
Got a good list going. I don't think we'd have this many people under you. I guess we need about 200-300 people to be done. Some of them being vlogger.
Well I haven't seen all the ones we put. Jesus Christ 181, He's in the League of his own.
Elvis 36, James Dean 34, Nicole Simpson 29, doing very well in the cool. That's because we hate OJ so much like poison man.
Remember at MLCoast they got that duck with the poison sauce? Let's serve OJ some duck with poison sauce.
Merlin No. 15, Bruce Lee 14, Kurt Cobain 13, Jim Morrison's got 12, I love his capeterias. Vincent Van Gogh spelled embarrassingly poorly 9, 2-pack 7, Paxi Client 7, JFK 6, anybody ever see Vincent Van Gogh?
There he goes. William Shakespeare 5, Copernicus 4, Buddy Holly 3, Buddy Holly should be doing mud internet.
Are you smitten me Buddy Holly's only got 3 that are up for now? Cracker please.
Wow, Frankie Lyman 3, Jimmy Hendrix 2, Bob Marley 2, Martin Luther King Jr. has got a pair. Junior, Curie Garcia 2, John Holmes has got a pair.
Freddie Mercury 2, David Corrache 1, Nostradamus 1, Bobby Darren 1, and then none yet, well he just went on to her lovelies.
I'll leave you to cruise the George Protests, Ernest Hemingway, Reverend Jim Jones. Why would you say Reverend Jim Jones is like popular now?
Would anybody think he know who that is even anymore? Well newsworthy. No one knew who he was until the event. I think that's with their point.
Does anyone else understand this question? The three stooges in Alfred Hitchcock still don't have any?
They still don't know who he is even though he is dead. I see. I'm not just talking about his movies, the TV show.
That was all right. The movie is all the great movies which became cult figure like Psycho and Rear Window and Stranger about a train.
Oh, it's in in the Hitchcock movies. Smoking a rope vertigo? Do you know what the word was?
James Cameron, Curie Grant, and they're all great. They were all great.
And now you turn on any movie channels on there on your TV and there they are over it and over again and you can't watch them too much.
If one of them comes on you can't shut it off. It's like a Godfather. If Rear Window comes on there I mean can you turn that off? No way.
Jimmy Stewart, just the Mocha Lachs today. Raymond Burr. Raymond Burr who is gay. Yeah. I had no idea.
WQIM, hello. Hi. Yes, I am Jim Croci.
Oh, there you go. Perfect. He was listed on National Ampune as most famous dead musician.
Right. He was a real smooth operator. I'll say that.
Exactly. Thanks a lot. Hi. That's a good one. Jim Croci, operator. Perfect.
Everybody wanted this stuff as released until he was dead. Really? His wife released it.
She released it? After his death, after his cry. Maybe if she released it sooner he might have stayed alive.
WQIA. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. How about for your list, Salino?
There you go. Perfect. That is. That's a good one. I renew. Nobody ever heard of Salino until all of a sudden...
She was dead. Not Camdana. That's a little carried away. Salino. How about Alia? We got Alia? We got Alia.
We got Alia. Q and have any votes, yeah. Poor Alia. Well, let's see her in a more and guess what? A case you tune in late?
Yeah. Johnny. Here he is. What? What's solid? He's still dead. Nobody QYM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Yes, I wanted to speak with him. You're speaking with him. Oh, I got a name for you, Paul. Okay. Salino. Salino was a fantastic choice. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great day. You too. What about Salino, George? I don't know.
You see that? Salino? Nothing could be meaner. They were old Salino. That's a question you didn't smell too good no more. Hello. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Pretty good. How about Leonardo da Vinci?
The Vinci is fantastic, just like Vincent Van Gogh. Exactly. And I think I'm giving a prediction for the Super Bowl. Our Patriots are going to probably win 35 to 10. Sounds like a winger to me. All right, buddy. Take care. Thanks, pal. See you. All our Tio is coming back supposedly for that game, right? I thought they said after the game yesterday was coming back. Well, it's what they say, but I doubt it. So in other words, you got the inside track. You got the inside info. No, but I mean he did break it. Break a bone. Yeah, he broke it.
Takes time. I think what's your name, broken Nicola? Sure, and she broke it. And they are anyway. You see where I was going to go with that? I've been in the middle. Yeah, he just thought. Yeah.
In extreme. No, but seriously, I don't think if he played, it makes that much difference. Just like, you know, all the great running back that are running game of the Steelers yesterday and all this other crap. They were humiliated, degraded, embarrassed to be honest with you.
The Patriots made them look like an in that like just another pedestrian team. They just why would they mopped up the field with them? How is it?
And I think they'll do the same thing with Donna McNeib and with her without Tio and all the other high fluten. They're just another one of those hot shot teams. Do jurors. They're not saying in the Boston Globe. First it was the colds. Then it was the series. Now it will be the Eagles. You know, and I'll say it again. Just even for the Patriots weren't playing. Whoever would be playing in the AFC. I root for them against the Eagles because they're fans. They're all a man.
They are just obnoxious and disgusting and grotesque always have been just as Mike Schmidt, he'll tell you or anybody else that ever played any sport and Philly, brutal.
W.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Niel. Yes, sir.
Name for your panel and also a comment about a statement you made earlier this morning. Go ahead ahead. The name for the poll, John Lemon.
I guess I don't know. It's marginal. OK. And you made a statement earlier this morning. You and the guys were talking about how they were upset about the Patriots winning again and this and that. Yet none of the Miami fans had a problem. And Dallas was a dynasty when Joe did and Washington Redskins were a dynasty of the 49ers.
But see there was no rivalry between Miami and any of those teams. There's no natural rivalry there. Now we got two teams in the same division. Not just in the same conference but the same division.
And the dolphins have gone so sour at the same time. Well, the Patriots now three out of four years. They're going to be in a Super Bowl. And so it's just jealousy. You know, that's just rampant in the same jealousy.
That's how it is in the same jealousy. You got it. Thank you. Have a good day. And back to you. Thank you.
No, I see out there George Holy moly. You can't see nothing out that window. Look at that. I was loads of power to the go out. Oh no, that was yesterday. I can't even describe that. In fact, I don't want to sell like pat myself on the stomach because it's a big target. But I don't need. I kept thinking all day yesterday.
There's no way I'm going to be working tomorrow. I just can't do it. And I didn't sleep well all night because my whole system was like turned inside out from like. In fact, I think maybe I might lose one foot from frostbite. Not really.
But I'll be honest with that. I'll lose a foot from frostbite than being South Florida. I'll tell you that right now. The snow. No, sir. I really mean that the snow. The cold. The wind. It's not just the snow and a cold man. It's the wind. It's the wind just blows. Man, it blows. Wow. I say you might lose a couple of toes or maybe like PC. You know, that's how it goes. Right. That's what they that's what the host say. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. Yeah, that manhunter is pretty good moving. It was good. But that's not the only thing that I'm going to do. I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I
like Brian. I still say I saw that guy. I got to play the I'm going to all research him right now because he creeped me out in that movie. Yeah, he's a very creepy guy. And then what about when he had a 60 with a blind check? What was that? What was that? Yeah, I was I was watching pieces of it because by that time the game was basically over and down and I was flipping back and forth. So I didn't see like non interrupt. This will be back on again. So now you need to see red ragons. So you compare them. So because they're actually a little bit different. They're well which one was first. Red Ragnar was the one you saw the one that you really was the one that you made on it was first and then red dragon is
remake of that but they changed it around so it uh... it ends differently
different things happen but that's that's part of the story that was all in the
book the blind check the affair with the blind check in on that
i wish you wanted to live to come out of that thing alive i told you know
all
no that's not so far i have to watch it has to do with the ending of uh... both of
uh...
all the
all of these nobody in this movie said
doctor doctor no no no no no no no no no no no no no no this was
in fact the i read the right up in the uh... my movie book is was glowing
about a phenomenal spectacular
always matter fact you have to see the new red dragon because one of your
favorite uh... character actors in that
you know the reporter that uh... wound up in the wheelchair
the report of the more of the more popular the guy's name
what do we know we'll check in manhunter
or you can see that part
uh... yes i don't know if you're sitting in the chair and simply let me go
i saw it yet so it's a little more and red dragon is full of the more often
because i thought what he sure change to your up to change the likewise does a
very good job in that movie it would be a lot of it for you to see
you also enjoy him as pretty in the town that mister riftly if you ever watch
that movie
what is that
pretty it's a little uh... yet pretty is not yet we've got the girlfriends
all over town
twenty seven past known at five sixty w.a.m. when you shop for quality footwear
what store immediately come to mind brandy's you got it
that's on brandy by a bookie less looking glass very good
i know what i've come up with that today i don't know why
that more bigger for a bit
uh...
frostbite head
so what it is
yet but i came up with it to serve a mac and tear from guiding light and kevin
bacon
anyway brandy's and probably to just unbeatable because they give you the
combination that everybody's looking for they take good care you make sure you
get a perfect for every time
because they're sales people uh... you know they take the time to make sure that
a number two
they give you unbeatable prices and number three
the top quality names in all your men's and women's shoes rockboards
foreshim s.a.s. spirit timberland actualizer lots more
which is why brandy's is still going strong while others are coming on
zillions of
brandy's open day every day of the week Monday through Saturday nine to
line every Sunday ten to five
and you find brandy shoes at twelve nine north federal highway and popular
beats it's always worth a trip
and this week is a great time to buy
new balance which everybody with a brain loves new balance shoes they're
fantastic
this week if brandy's they've saved up to twenty bucks a pair on great new
balance shoes
so be sure to come and just throw this week or you can do your shopping online
at
brandy's shoes dot com
and
we should ask in the first interview she's ever given amber fri recounts her
entire tortured relationship with scott peterson
of romantic gifts pillow talk and lies
it ended in a courtroom
but it began with a blind date
you know the door
i thought he was handsome
he just wanted
to
and that's more than that
okay
scott had told amber he was married
and tearfully declared his love for lazy
you know he's sitting you know right in front of me here rolling hands in
he's like you're not angry
no i can be angry and just
but soon she came to feel she had a mission
to study ocean currents and San Francisco Bay
and she bought a second hand fishing boat
i was going to do whatever i needed to
the next day amber fri the other woman
don't waste it into the chili waters
of San Francisco Bay
and that sounds crazy but i was thankful
that there was a missing pregnant woman
and nobody knew where she was at
is it fair to say amber that you would have something to do with her disappearance
yeah
scott had nothing to do with her disappearance
correct
what were you thinking at that time
she couldn't breathe
and i had a good feeling
almost like putting salt on a wound
i'm dealing with a sociopath here
pretty much yeah
you know it's really good
rule aids extra strength cool strawberry
okay
i mean i don't have indigestion or anything like that
but it just happened to have a big
i just bought these because you're being known in the old good like some bad heartburn
especially when you have gourd and ibs
i like to peps it
so i put it up this guy
i'm not talking about for heartburn
just talking about like for a snack
for candy
yeah okay
i just picked this up
because i went to look at the window
man it is blowing snow again
what is this crap all about
you think it was winter here something like that
you think
so tom newton is that guy's name
tom newton
and the what guy's name
the guy that played Hannibal
on the killer
in manhunter
yeah
the tooth fairy i guess
oh yeah
that really bizarre
yeah tom newton
and he's been in a million things
i've seen some of these things
but i don't know if you have
he's a very scary guy
yeah
like luke bratsy
heaven's gate
willian fill
wolf and easy money
eddie maker
run best defense
man with one red shoe
with tom hey
he must have seen that
no he don't
robo cup
two
tom hey
he's wearing a red shoe
apparently
i just thought
that before after he started even
in chocolates
anyway who best fits this description
someone became more popular after death
this is a good poll today
somebody came up with that on Friday
right somebody called it in
thank you very much
449 votes
the people with no votes
yet Alfred Hitchcock
he can't buy a vote
earners taming way
non-same person
see that crews
and aliyah don't have an A
and John let him do it
i say i don't know about the John
let him win
i don't know if he really ought to be on her
no i say no but what do i know
well it's right on a borderline
as old as i was
because they made a lot of news
when they died which he did
because he was so huge
when he was alive
he can be any more famous
than he was in life
so i have no believe it on
there and one can't even vote
Bobby darrens got one
Salinas got one
Freddie Mercury got a pair
John Holmes has two
three students two
no stood on us two
Jerry Garcia has got a pair
Reverend Jim Jones has got two
Reverend Jones
Martin Luther King has got a pair
junior
Jim Krochie has got two already
he just went on there
that's an excellent one
Frankie Lyman three
David Koresh three
Copernicus four
Buddy Holly four
Bob Marley four
Jimmy Hendrix four
William Shakespeare five
Patsy Klein seven
JFK eight
Vincent Van Gogh ten
two-pack ten
Jamoris and twelve
Kurt Cobain has got
oh my long reason
I'm dry to hear that
no Kurt Cobain fourteen
Marilyn Monroe sixteen
Bruce Lee seventeen
Nicole Simpson's got
Scott third man
Elvis 38
James Dean 39
Peter Bethel a
desperate battle for second
behind Jesus with nobody
can touch Jesus two
or three
he can be touched by an angel
but only prey to be touched
by Jesus when you think
he can touch you
Kenny and that what Linda
Blair was saying
let me ask you so after Jesus
after this resurrection
he came back and all
of this good stuff happened
what happened then?
he rose again he
ascended he left us
yeah he went back to heaven
but he'll be back again
for the second coming
he sits at the right hand
and he wants to go
to a fun stuff like
see what was happening
you know
he's there for moral support
are you seeing?
well he is wasted a lot
of valuable time on
10th and he's your advocate
don't you know?
he writes in the advocate
all the time
he must be gay
nobody QIM hello?
hello Neil
yes?
you forgot to put
big e-smiles on there
with poof duty
hahaha
that guy though I just farted
oh god
w-d-q-a-m hello
Neil
you know what to do
uh-huh
uh-jimmy Hendrick
jimmy Hendrick
so I'm sure he's already
on there
5 6 7 0 5 6 here
just got through reading
the whole of the night
did we not put him on there?
did we fail to put him on?
sure we put him on
he's on there
okay don't get defensive now
but I don't see it
I see it
he's got foe
give me Hendrick said
I know he's what foe
oh I admit man I learned
came that I am
no no I'll be sure
miss that
here
here
he's rocking that
he's
yeah just for those American
publisher sweepstakes
or whatever it is
that alone it should have been
Edmig Mann and I'm Johnny
we like Johnny
Ed we could live without
you know
piece of turd
w-d-q-a-m hello
I'm going to go to the hill
yes sir
happy new year
happy new year
uh-huh
first for your fall
how about George or well
George or well
became very popular
after 1984
that's correct
uh-huh
uh-huh
uh-huh
I'm just working for us
and the votes for public
is like a chicken
who votes for Colonel Sanders
and boy
and we get into it
really
it was really funny man
but do you still have that
for the right way
here's our pain in the ass
do I still have what
that paper
so I can call out
it's still the same
phone number I think
just hang on don't get
pushing now I still have it here
I'm very excited
and you'll think it's out
uh-huh
okay
here's Howard Coase's
self for the pool
exactly
I've got a whole bunch of
crappier
I didn't have it the other day
oh here it is
I've got it right here
see how do you like that
I love it
because I love Howard Dean
you love it, Holly
uh-huh
let's see it says
blood rustle
David Sousville
and Jim McDonald
who drives the pomp and
occasionally not very well
uh-uh
join them for reception
with Governor Howard Dean
benefiting democracy for America
and that's tonight
yeah let me tell you again
the venue is Miami Beach
but uh-uh
I'll give you the number
and you can cross
check it
it's 305
yeah baby
604
1906
right
and that's the number
they can still call it
set a private residence
but uh-uh
you could just plug it
and give me a little uh-uh
Dean uh-in-uh
screen so I'd love it man
well wait a minute
what does that mean
a private residence
that's not gonna be the
oh no no no yeah
it was just a high
I think remember
oh sunset harbor itself
okay yeah now it's uh-uh
at a-at a
on Pennsylvania Avenue
Pennsylvania Avenue
yes my friend
yeah he only wishes
he were on Pennsylvania Avenue
yeah he's in that
ironic but he said
at the-uh
I can fact this
yeah I don't know if I'm gonna
get to the office
really can't
no you can't our
facts machines messed up
oh 1545
Pennsylvania Avenue
it's in Miami Beach
and a private residence
oh
but the phone number is still the same
it's from the democracy
it's from the democracy
for America website
and people want to go check there
they can probably find it
there too
if they don't you know
6-730 tonight
and it says host $100 bucks
$50 a couple of 25 per person
what does that mean
oh so
yeah you got to pay it again
and you can contribute
5,000 but it is a pay event
for the democracy
you know democracy
for America
it's a fundraiser
it's still 6-730
it's 25 bucks
you know one per-
100 bucks for what
democracy for America
that's our dean
organization
go to the website
if you're feeling a little weary
but that's his own
oh I'm feeling weary
alright believe me
after you're here
after you're being freed
in my NSL
ok good luck to pal say hi to you
we love to tell you
if you bring one of your
vets up to Toronto or no
no absolutely no
do you think I want to car up here
and the ice in the snow
I have to be elunatic
exactly brother
see you at the saw grad
ok good luck pal
see you with your cash turnover
you have to saw a wrist
haha
I'll see if the eatin said
you'll be doing it at the eatin center
eatin
that's it
yeah I'm looking out there
it's not looking too promising
I think you may have to take a can
to get some of my duties done today
they got to like my rounds
you know
draft off a FedEx here
and a thing over there
looking a little on the blustery side
remember Mr. Bluster
no
on howdy-duty
haha
come on
do you remember the howdy-duty show
Mr. Bluster
Princess Summerfall Winter Spring
no
sure you do
date now
no
I tell some stills of the howdy-duty show
yeah they had a still
that's why Buffalo Bob always
seems juice
they had a still in the back
that's why he used to talk to puppets all the time
that corn liquor sure is special
yeah
all of a goodest
it's the
yeah I'm sure it's
remembered Prince Harry is going to be there
he's having a celebration
you know
in this day it's like something somber
and the great test that they're
coming up you know
they're saying he's having a party there
it's the royal family
1241 at 560 W
in fact I'll tell you what
since we worked so well on Johnny
that's just called role
how about he's going to
talk about the pretty royal family
something about the queen
when they go
yeah
that old thing
that old type bag
who's running around
a little speaking of bags
that little silly purse
oh you see the thing
oh look at that
look at what's that guy's name
from the Jewish
what does that mean
Harry what's his name
Harry Adzer
Eli
Ellie Wazell
Lord you looking to see an
Ellie's name?
I am ill
look at that hair
what is that?
boy
hey Donald
Ellie Wazell
he's from the Jew people
he says what do you people think
was going on here anyway
in our spirits
when he roast
is that it
now I'm just going to say
something so important
just until I got sidetracked
there by Ellie Wazell
and I hear what there was
something like
just kind of
cosmic
well I will come back
or not
1242 or 560
if I sound a little bit
first of all the
freezing day
yesterday
and then of course all
that news about the
hankin
and joys
I can't survive much
more of this
even though I keep telling
myself
okay you've got your deal
done
they're actually paying you
early now because they're
sucking around
so heavy duty with me
after like
incurring my wrath
but it's just hard to
work in a vacuum
you know
what they're doing
to good people
who don't
you know they want to keep them
around but it's like they
like keeping you know
like you've got a beautiful
I'm just this is just
hypothetical
if you had a beautiful
young hot wife
who was a great cook
and a wonderful mother
and all of these things
and just kept beating the crap
out of her for no
particular reason at all
you know
like an invitation to leave
which is what they do
with hankin
a mad dog
there's no reason for it
cut it out joys
stop the crap now
speak of crap
you know
you hear any background
crap it's the
thing you know
that's what you're
and you're
right away
and you're doing
rumba
is it
stopping it out
printer
and rougher
county
and we love him
profusely
and we'll give her a
full-on
plug as soon as
they fix it
they fix it right
and fix it wrong
we're going to rip him
and ask
1243-5
and 16WDQM
and if you decided
to start the new
year off right
and lose some weight
lose some weight
like Ann Bancrow said
in FATSO
and maybe you're trying to do
with the Atkins
the South Beach Sugar
Busters
or some other
low-carb sugar-free diet
then head forward
you like to waste
Boka
I think that the role is
I think it doesn't
solve the indigestion
and it gives it to you
but it sure does
taste good
you chew him
for hours
even TV's biggest
losers are following
a low-carb diet
and their weight
loss is absolutely
incredible
for years to life
and it's up
thousands of low-carb
daughters
achieved their weight
loss goals
the lights of white
Boka is your low-carb
one-stop shop for the
right supplements
and best selection
and best tasting low-carb
foods
stop and try and eat
their over 1200 low-carb
products like
their brand new
chopped up
dip cheesecake
on a stick
and their famous
carbolite sauce
serve ice cream
their staff knows
low-carb dieting
inside and out
and they'll help you
out and they'll open
every day
till 10 in the PM
and don't forget
at Delights
their guaranteed
lowest-priced policy
on all Actions,
carbolite and
purity-like products
the lights of West Boka
will positively
not be underserved
you'll find the lights
on the northeast corner
of the ladies in 441
right next to Boston
Market
or column tool-free
1-877 low-carb
that's with a W in there
L-O-W-C-A-R-B
or on www.lowcarb.com
the lights of West Boka
don't forget
they're the official
Actions retail center
five-habbard
five-habbard
in the morning
and
and
his comments
rocked a bushel
administration
which immediately
tried to slacken down
not least because
it put him in the post
after a sudden
the major world company
most opposed to international
lifestyle and global warming
complained that his predecessor
was too aggressive on the issue
in the
case they put him in there
thinking he was going to be a
softy and do a little cover-up
like his predecessor
and he's even more aggressive
they just can't get everybody
to live for
a lot of time
can't less sounds like
Greg a memorandum from
ex-hound to the White House
in early 2001 specifically
asked to get the
previous chairman
Dr. Robert Watson
the chief scientist
of the World Bank
replaced it to request
the U.S.
The Bush administration
in the lobby of other
countries in favor of Dr.
Pachari, whom the
former vice president
Al Gore called the
Let's Drag Our Feet
Candidate and got him
elected to replace Dr. Watson
a British-born
naturalized American
and repeatedly called
for urgent action.
Remember Dr. Watson
221 B. Baker Street?
No.
But this month
at a conference a small
island developing states
on the Indian Ocean
island, the new chairman
a former head of India's
Tata Energy Research Institute
at TATA, Tata
I could say another way
about it or not.
Though himself issued
what TAPU and official
described as a very courageous
challenge he told delegates
climate changes for real.
It is real.
We have just a small window
of opportunity
it's closing rather rapidly
there is not a moment to
lose, said Watson.
And Holmes said
the needle Watson quickly
the needle.
Afterwards he told the
president on Sunday
that widespread
dying of coral reefs
and rapid melting
of ice in the Arctic
and driven under the
conclusion that the
danger point, the IPCC
had been set up to avoid
has already been reached.
In fact, Cornetic
brothers and sister
rowers were singing
in the background
too late to turn back now.
You think?
Reaves throughout the
world are perishing as
the seas warm up.
As water temperatures
rise, they lose their
colors and turn a ghostly
white.
Partly as a result
of through a quarter
the world's curls
have been destroyed.
And in November a
multi-year study by 300
scientists concluded that the Arctic was warming twice as fast as the rest of the world,
and that its ice cap had shrunk up to 20% in the past three decades.
It's, isn't it great that the Democrats did such a good job of making this a key issue
in the election and of pointing out this to the American public, not?
The ice is also 40% thinner than it was in the 70s and is expected to disappear altogether
by 2070, which that's like 65 years from where Albi did.
And you will too.
You too, Josh.
Maybe not.
You will.
And while Dr. Petri was speaking parts of the Arctic were having a January heat wave
at temperatures 8 to 9 degrees centigrade higher than normal, 8 to 9 degrees centigrade
higher, not just Fahrenheit, which is much more.
Right.
He also cited law-wing measurements first reported the independence on Sunday showing
that levels of carbon dioxide, the main cause of global warming, have leapt abruptly
over the past two years, suggesting that the climate change may be accelerating out of control.
The end of that because of inertia building of the earth's natural systems, the world
was not only experiencing the result of pollution emitted in the 60s and much greater
effects would occur as the increased pollution of later decades work its way through, he concluded
we are risking the ability of the human race to survive.
Oh my God.
That's all about the kind of pinko propaganda.
Cover it up.
That's what your friend Bush says.
That good, the devout Christian.
At any rate.
Now what's this thing that you just sent me here?
What?
I actually sent you something.
Yeah.
Well, that's exciting.
That means the facts machine's working.
All of the pages here that this must be your set up thing on the SN there.
Okay.
Send error reports with the new Roger show.
What is that?
That's it.
I haven't heard the page that came through.
The filmography for Tom Noonan.
Right?
That was our test page we were trying to tell.
Now what have I seen him in?
Oh, alright.
A Wayne Dang.
Excuse me?
That's what it says here to get a 1999 Wayne Dang.
I don't think I've seen any of these movies, but I have seen them in something.
Oh, the last action hero.
I haven't saw that.
It was an old movie.
Man Hunter.
The man with one red shoe.
Tell him, hey, it's really.
Ooh.
Any makin's run.
I don't think so.
Easy money.
Willie and Phil.
Are you sure?
Heaven's Gate.
Maybe I saw Heaven's Gate.
Chris Christophe.
Oh, God.
And a bunch of other stuff.
Okay, well, I'll put that in the bottom of my pile.
Right underneath Johnny.
Johnny.
There's got to be another panel.
I'm going to be a guy.
I don't have another panel.
I've had McMahon tonight in 20 more panels on Johnny Carson.
What do you say?
Uh-huh.
God, what a disgusting piece of dirt you are, Larry.
To know you as to despise you.
How come I sound so filled with hate today?
I think Joyce did it to me, you know?
I don't know.
I wasn't such a good mood to paper.
It's kicked ass last night.
No contest.
It was just a...
I'm a high enough watcher.
Oh, it was great.
Even after like throwing out and of course that great dinner with Chris, what's not to like?
Right?
Nice big juicy ribeye.
I've never tried the cowboy ribeye that's got the bone in, you know?
The big, big heavy duty steak.
No, I have it.
I mean, I'm happy with you.
I'm a real man.
That's for big eaters.
I like fillets.
Do you know what I mean?
I like petite fillets.
I like for little feet.
That's the petite one.
The petite one's petite like little feet.
Five, six, seven, oh, it's pretty little feet.
I do have a little feet.
Oh boy.
If I ever hear little feet, if anybody ever mentions that again.
Why?
Let's throw a little feet.
Oh.
I'm not talking about little feet on your legs.
I'm talking about little feet singing.
They're trying to sing.
Why?
You like little feet?
I didn't have a problem with it.
Get out of here.
That's because you never worked at Zeta with PD Boldry.
You had a little feet obsession, man.
He was obsessed with little feet.
He had a feet fetish.
Yes.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a corn sighting over the weekend.
Yeah.
I'm drawn through my dial and I thought D.Fo wasn't supposed to be on until tonight.
But he's yet that retread sports tribute show on already Saturday.
Oh my God.
How would the poly, man?
Oh, whether every answer to the first question is A.
Oh, brother.
Oh, boy.
I almost pulled over the car and threw up.
It's not something.
It must be part of his deal wherever he goes.
He gets the whore of the Saturday morning deal with a trade-actual history.
I'm pulling over one of his famous scams that will be.
The only difference is this one wasn't sponsored by the engine.
It's sponsored by another company or something.
Another scam, yeah.
I'll call it after the bag of the spelling.
Thanks.
I guess that guy's right.
They're radio pollution.
See, it's not just carbon dioxide.
Maybe it's the airways that are polluting so bad.
You think that could be it?
Maybe that's why the whole world is going to hell in a hand basket.
All this swirl that's polluting coming out of your speakers, coming out of radars.
Of course, I don't think that would be because not to many people are listening to these things
that, like what he's talking about.
Yeah, see, Barry Jackass, you're not fooling anybody.
That 1,400 goes belly up pretty much and he's right in there.
Oh, well, you know, the facing problems with the crappy signal on nobody can hear.
And also ESPN 790 and like an afterdog QM560 that had the big numbers in the book on Friday,
very big humongous, smelly numbers, huge, big fat numbers.
Okay, and ESPN radio, well, let me just say this, yeah, like that.
And I would play the far side, but we can't.
Joyce, let me look at the microphone a little bit.
I mean, I'm going to tell you, if they didn't have zero rows, they might as well shut that transmitter off.
Okay, Stu gots my ass.
Stu gots.
The same dribble moving around from one spot on the dial to another spot on the,
I was 60, 17 hundred to fan, 14 hundred, 790.
Just all these same people that wanted a car off-foster want to play radio?
Want to play sports radio?
I'm a sports expert, yeah, Stu gots.
And that'll have passed it, okay?
Oh, the Marlins didn't win the World Series.
The Cubans, we wanted the Cubans, okay?
What a disgusting, I mean.
It seems incomprehensible.
Nobody like you for, nobody like you for who else you pray for now?
Jeff Garcia.
The Browns.
No, that's right, the Brownies.
If the Browns won a Super Bowl ever like him, they won't.
But if they did, we'd like somebody Jeff Garcia saying,
oh, the Browns, the team didn't win, the Fags won.
Yeah, it's a stupid thing like that, right?
Wouldn't that be disgraceful and disgusting?
I might be honest, but disgusting, the Browns.
You're all old people in Browns.
See, this is a old classic beat and switch.
You know, get a bunch of people, put a certain uniform on them,
and then like, oh, here, poof, you're gonna leave the Browns, you know?
Poof, like the dolphins, they take a bunch of like, like,
a J.J. Tussi feeling, put a uniform on.
Hey, poof, you're a quarterback, huh?
You don't look like a quarterback I ever seen.
Who's gonna be the dolphin quarterback next season, Josh?
Probably him.
Are you serious?
I would think so.
Probably him, A.J. Tussi feeling, you have to be kidding.
You have to be joking.
This is what the next statement was about Josh and that's what we have win away.
I say, we have to, you got way none of this.
There's A.J. Freakin Tussi feeling.
Oh my God.
Exactly.
You're a single, you're a Roger's.
I'm five sixty.
I'm a M.
I'm up in Belkettika slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers hair and balance one to two hours.
Whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh.
Brackdom.
I just saw Brad Pitt starring in Troy.
All right.
I was swimming in my seat, oh boy.
Absolutely.
Cos I'm tropein' about his gorgeous butt.
Welcome.
Keep believe I saw his terrier.
Yes.
Bad enough not to spend more on him way.
Where's fun's of the humans?
Because I'm not the best, sweet of them both men.
And even be something else, things just man.
Are you sure?
Cos Brad Pitt's butt she saw the best.
Oh yeah, that's fun's of the humans.
Baby I know I know.
Hope is next, no longer new then.
You know terribly, you know, I'll tell you that trust me when I tell you or not.
Is the case maybe one, two, or five, sixty, w-c-l.
I've actually got that fat side you sent back, right?
We're doing a little bit of a fax machine cleaning in here with a really wonderful snowy solvents.
Really?
Or are you sniffing it?
You can't really help it.
Printer technique is a fish in our fax machine, thank God.
So they faxed us to me and I faxed it back and you got it, huh?
Yeah.
And there's actually something else coming in there because it's starting to beat.
Think there's beaking sac.
Woo!
As a matter of fact, here's the day morning I woke up about 8.30 in the morning.
And I heard beef feet and I, of course, you're like into a hero when you wake up.
And like something had happened, you know, like the power went out.
Because even though you were asleep like when the refrigerator goes off or there's just that whole sense of when the power is running.
Sure.
Or like the heat is on and all of a sudden, like everything goes.
And you wake up and I heard beef feet and it was the power pack here that we have in the studio, you know?
Right.
The battery pack that runs for like a half an hour.
I remember that one time on the airplane and then I had to do the rest of the part of the show on the phone.
And that was the first inkling I had that something was not kosher.
And I looked out the window and all the neon lights were not good.
Only stoplights not good.
Hey Josh, come in here and take a hit of this.
And you think people there don't do the four-way stop real good?
Holy Toledo man is Rick Weaver would say.
How's Rick Weaver doing?
I feel no pain.
I don't know anything.
I can smell that on this page.
Phew!
How's that possible?
This is my paper.
How's that building running?
Contact time.
Oh no, it's smell effects.
Holy cow.
Let's see here on PR Ralph.
It's in his face.
It says, I hate you and will tell you why.
Saturday take the right to 2Js daily.
A great monster ball soups away of lunch.
Then she wants to go see the puppies.
I said no but 700.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
This is great!
It's the power of...
Deal, God!
700 bucks later we now have 2 Jack Russell theories.
And I have a drinking problem.
I love the doggies.
And I'll thanks to you.
There you go.
PR Ralph, be good at the doggies.
You can call one of them and you'll let them enjoy.
Thank you.
Come surprise you don't like little feet.
They wrote a song about you.
I don't like little feet.
This is Batman and that's it.
Oh look at here's another system coming through.
That's why I was blowing and snowing before but guess where it's all going right now.
You know something?
See one thing I would rather be in Florida than anywhere.
Than upstate New York.
Upstate New York.
If Florida is the anus of the universe then upstate New York is like the colon.
It's like the liver.
It's all the sludge and you know the liver is like a cleansing thing.
All the sludge and the muck goes through your ear.
That's up to you.
This whole system has always gone through here to snow stop.
It's like about a 10 minute rodeo.
Guess where this big blob of mung is going right now.
Right at you.
Throw it.
No.
I'm trying to take it.
It's all right here.
It's going right to Buffalo and Rochester and Ithaca and Syracuse.
Yeah.
Oh, how does anybody ever survive growing up in upstate New York?
Is it in the New York can and they will opinion around the quate?
Honey, oil, falls, Onionta, all these things.
Albany's connected to the other one.
The part of the tri cities.
Albany's connected to the in Detroit.
Oh, for Dona is Buffalo and the pew and Hamburg.
Anyway, here's the facts from Bill and Ford Lauderdale where it has even been released.
Although there have been many musicians and artists throughout history who have been more popular.
I would say that you want to become most popular ever having practically no notoriety during your tragic life.
With Ludwig von Beethoven.
Ludwig von.
Good choice Bill.
Good one.
Ludwig von.
Doth.
PS.
What does that say?
I don't know.
Got a screen.
Oh, that's the a Jeff Garcia thing.
Hey, oh, do we still have that?
Where do we have that Jeff Garcia dropout?
In the vault.
You got it, Josh?
Got a screen.
Got a screen.
You got it?
No.
Oh, he's got a screen.
Why is he taking it out?
We just can't find it.
I just didn't remember what it was under.
It's not the big piece.
Oh, I remember you have to know the exact name of it.
This is a very, thank God that passion didn't stick with that.
Remember that deal?
That first one to pass.
I've never tried to pedal us that audio vault.
Remember when Greg first got the audio vault.
We got the audio.
I was still playing machine cards for like six months afterwards.
It was, oh, yeah, right.
That was it.
That should have told us everything we need to know when we first started on this radio station.
They were playing money-old cards.
I'm talking commercials.
Commercials that people were paying a lot of money for.
Well, back in the beginning, the only thing we had on were like sports books and limp
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and limp and
And all of the new things of the new things of the new things of the new thing of the new things of the new things of the new things of democracy and all of the new things of democracy and all of light up are very important to us because it has been made this important
and very important to us because it has been made this important important for our lives
When you're websites that actually tell a little bit of what's really going you really believe this liberal crap?
Yes, I do. I don't believe it. I know it. I know what to be true
Just like you know Jesus walked here Jesus Christ in sack cloth and ashes
That was a show, but no it was Jesus who's with the J
Chobb. Oh Chobb mama. I thought was Joseph his name was he's he autographed that toilet tank. That's right
Yeah, he said thanks a lot everybody
My family step on Roman I
Your step on something they may have had on the cross
First is they will down
They can already cross
Here's Charlie
Now let me ask you something when he came back when he had this whole resurrection thing
And did they say here's Jesus did they do that? Yeah, they were not even great if only I think man would have been there
And it was they probably more people would believe that of course look at how many people believe it now always right two thousand years later
They still believe in them fairy tale doubting Thomas was able to stick his fingers in the holes. Yeah, well
Gay probably Jeff Garcia know something about that
Even though we don't have that bit. Let's see who best fits this description someone who became more popular after they croaked
Jesus 243 holy cow Jesus Christ. Are you here again?
James Dean 44 Elvis 42 Nicole Simpson 40 we hate you. Oh, Jay. We now why couldn't have been oh James
Instead of Johnny Carson, huh? Here's oh Jay. We're not even great
We want you to die. Oh, Jay not just an ordinary pedestrian to we hope to get run over by a Mack truck
I will take anything and of course if you get run over by Mack truck you'd be like real suddenly now
We're talking about like long slow and painful
So like maybe just suffer some artery or something just bleed it out on the highway like maybe out on sunset and kindle
Coling cancer. That would be good. Elvis 42. So James Dean is past Elvis. I think that's appropriate
Nicole Simpson 40 Bruce Lee 18. Oh, it's a big drop down after that Maryland in the row 17 to fact 15
Kurt Cobain 15 JFK 13 Jim Morrison's got 12 Vincent Van Gogh 11
Check this spelling Bob Marley 8
By the way, I don't want to get into a thing on the air but since I have no other way to do it
This thing with Eric and these stories on the website
I want to apologize to the audience the fact Josh is having problems with Bell sound or whatever and so his home computer is like
Caput. Am I right? It's a good way of putting it. Yeah, it's a piece of crap
And it can't just like George was having for months and years and so as we told I spent a lot of time
I guess it's just practice makes perfect his idea
So I email all these great news stories and I spend two hours every day like even on a weekend to send these stories
Then I find out that they never get on there because Josh can't get them at home and Eric of course
He's busy chasing around our
Being a curtain thing change an old eagle around as opposed to like you know
Coming up with some way that we can get those on their own weekend when I send them
So anybody that thought boy you have the same crap on here all weekend no, we really don't what we do
But we don't know what we do but we don't pretty say like Jesus. He was the savior, but he wasn't
See what I'm saying. I mean they've been going up on the weekends. No. Yeah, but just no
Okay, no
Trust me the stories I didn't even bother sending any for yesterday because there was no
Parker the ones I sent for Saturday never made it on there you said one right no
I did not well now I would send one story you did you are dreaming mister you
You must be hallucinating must have really had a while weekend
You and would you ever believe that I would send one story I called Eric just to make sure and yeah
That we were boggled as well for for for Saturday or for yesterday for yesterday
I didn't send any for yesterday because Saturday's never made me send a dozen for Saturday never got on there
So I thought I myself well first of all how can I send it anyway because I didn't have any power here all day
Schmuck hey, he can prove it mister all the timers. Yeah, how do you like that? I got many
I got five million witnesses here. We didn't have no power. So I was I gonna send you a story
So I mean Josh can prove it you got your email time and date coded
Pull it up. Yeah pull it out
150 and please don't at 560 WQM
What was your new year's resolution?
Wasn't to lose some of that big fat flab if you're sending it your desk right now when your car
And you feel like I'm bucking your belt cuz June is busting out all over maybe you are maybe I'm doing that top button on your skirt like I've done
Maybe you've already done it balance for life of delivery you five meals a day every day based on the
Wiley popular zone diet invented by dr. Brian a very serious five meals a day
Nistil lose weight five feeding today should satisfy even the fat is to the fat and the best part of the deal is balance for life is the only
Me of the delivery company to offer menu choices just go to balance for life calm on a web and check it out
Indulge yourself with all kinds of delicious goodies stay off at a Bob Agenusian dig into these real good time
Blueberry pancakes skill-free cheesecake yellowfin tuna burger real-frily with parsley potatoes, which I do like parsley potatoes
And even a chicken chicken and veggie pizza and all your snorkelers in soft food for the winter time
Check it out too because they contain the meals to your specific needs to if you don't think you're overweight
Well, maybe you're fooling yourself just take the simple BMI test that balance for life calm
Go to the bottom of the page and click on body mass index if your store is over 25 you are
Chubby man you need balance for life so instead of waiting if you really want to lose the weight this year pull over to the side of the road
Put that pen down right now and get on the horn and the phone to call balance for life 866
225 45 43 that's one 866 225 45 43 or like I say it on the web balance for life calm
No
Noo
Game which does the hanky paint
KEEP
Noo
Game which has a stinky wanky
Noo
Game which does the hanky paint
Noo
Game which does the hanky paint
KEEP
We thought we always thought this would be
Bases built and bowed it all the time
Make a woman I think no right
Fly
But movie's shaking girl is all around my desk
That's why we search her for his ass
Who would have bought the everwood and thought best
Alright here we go on the desk let's go
Oh, Mr. Speaker
Mr. Speaker the committee would like to know
I know it's high heels sticking out from under your desk
I see
Oh, can you hear that?
Oh the committee sees no improv
I don't know, there'll be no front of desk
I saw him working on his pick up lights
You can hear off his baby once you say
A pretty young Republican on the wall
Hey buddy baby can I give you the phone?
Who would have bought the everwood and thought best
Come here baby I mean Mr. Joe
Yes, he improv
This game which does the hanky paint
Noo
Game which does the hanky paint
Noo
Game
We have a hanky wanky
Noo
Game which does the hanky paint
Game which does the hanky paint
Noo
Game which does the hanky paint
120 is 560 WQM
A Romanian tabloid seems inspired to report it from making up a story about a couple who named their son Yahoo
As a sign of gratitude for meeting over the internet
Do you hear this story?
Yep
Well it turns out that don't hear it because it's a hoax
Not that there's any hoaxes on the email you don't understand that?
No
It could never happen
He made up the story that they named their son Yahoo
Earlier this month major book arrest daily, Liber Tatia published a story saying
Two Romanians had named their maybe Yahoo and printed a picture of his birth certificate
The news was right they picked up on the internet
As your president would say the internet
It was the reporter's child birth certificate which he modified
Said Simone Aionescu
Well that's right we had that on the other day remember?
Because I couldn't pronounce the name then right either
We fired him we fired it in the guy because he made it up
He said Aion Garnard who had worked for the paper for several years had admitted and vending this story to look good
If it were real would have been a good story indeed Aionescu said
Garnard was not available for comment
Well that's got a good idea
We need boring there huh?
Let's do it
Since Bella died it just ain't the same as you used to be
Or we need to talk
What do you mean?
Here?
About boredom?
Oh God
I'd rather go through the snowstorm again
I'd rather go through the 12 hours without power yesterday and my frozen ankles
See I still don't wear socks
I can't wear socks
Right
Because being that beddick they mess up my ankles and cut off the circulation and stuff like that
So no matter how cold it is I don't wear socks
So now like my ankles and like it's like all reddish
You know like maybe you got like freezer burn on my feet
You know I see
You know I'm talking about?
You ever had that?
Yeah well don't do that
Don't do one
No I'd rather have that
I mean it's just a temporary thing you put sure some stuff on there it's there okay
I didn't be like you know frostbite yet yet
But I'd rather have that then like you cut off all the circulation of my ankles
It helps in very warm boots that have nice linings
You know who were socked
Oh give boots get out of here man
Yeah you have to talk about a few big snow you know
Tundra boots
Yeah
Just nice boots like fleece line boots they'll feel good on your feet
No
You know what kind of person I can't say it because Joyce again I've said but let me give you a clue
The kind of person you know that cat food pushing boots
Yeah
That's the kind of person that wears boots
I'm talking about regular ordinary boots
I'm talking about in the wintertime to avoid like in a little snow in your shoe or something like that
What's wrong with a snow in your shoe?
Nothing if you're not going to be out there a while
Right
56070560, pound 560 on the Verizon
And singular wireless line
WQAM hello
Hey how you doing?
Pretty good
I got one for the pole is it a long way?
I just give it to you
You're on right now man and you can't keep pushing your hand
Let's just give it to me
I'll go near out to the sad one but Anne Frank
Anne Frank
Yeah very good one good choice
Anne Frank, I'm sorry about the way it seems as regards
Thanks
Watch how far it's rather
Yeah
Anne Frank
Who had a hell of a her and Frank and when she was up there and he that would be a very bad taste if I play that
What does that very good?
What does that very good?
A funny bit called Jews in the attic
Oh no
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes Andrew Lloyd Weber's Jews in the attic
The Anne Frank Diaries
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like no more beans
I'm writing all this down
Don't flush till the Nazis go home
I turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant
It's Jews in the attic
The Anne Frank Diaries
CD available now
Well look at that
Attend to two
I guess muff must be sending me some of these ratings breakdowns
The men 25 54 we had a 9.6 year
And this is 10 to 2
CMQ FM was second six nine
IOD was third six three
And spread that humongous December they had where when the entire winter book is done
It's gonna take three months for that to happen
But when that's done that the December is gonna drop off and disappear
So unless they can get a bunch more right wingers to wire their diaries like they didn't December
That's gonna vanish
Just share with some vanishing cream
Well that's pretty interesting
Did you see it?
I'll look at that right there
Yeah
Now let's see what about Waxi?
How about that Waxi man there?
They're kicking ass
Well let's go down the list
Okay?
Hot 105 big 48
That was because that great lead in the Paul and Old Ron
SDJ life post
EDR MIB power
This is men 25 to 54
10 A into 2 PM
WMXJ magic 3.6
Not bad they can't hang around the same number till all of us die
Love 94 OGs
Kiss and party
Oh brother
The party's over Disney and I'm gonna waste my time playing that thing
Zeta Zeta's got a tutu
Right
You believe that?
What kind of a name is that for a time?
It's called a big fat tutu
One's word by big fat
Kimba
It'll come much much of them
Kimba
AMR radio on more
One nine waves
INC AM 1.7
That's the goddess of course
And Al Franken and Catherine Lampere
With a 1.7 share
Kicking ass
RMA radio romansia
Suave
Radio Mam B15
Pretty weak
Y10015
No, they're too old for them
Radio Ridmo is down at 1.3
Waxi a 1.2
Oh my god
How do you like that?
Tied for 25
Tied for number 25
Tied with WQB8
Or speeding
English a key
And just
I see
After that KAT with a 0.2
And WDA
And radio F-A
F-A
0.1
WACC
WNBM
And WNMA
That's Mr. Ego Station
Have a
All have 0.0
Let me say it again
Oh 0.0
Wow
And guess who doesn't even show up 10 to 2
Bill O'Reilly
The O'Reilly Factor
Oh my god
WFTL
A50 on the dial
Does he show it off?
Does he have like a 0.1?
No
Now nothing
Maybe his big hour is 2 to 3
Oh man
The O'Reilly Factor
My big fat ass
Oh brother
That's something
Talk about a hype job
And by the way
Guess you missed it
Who's running?
He spilled in
128 at 46 Whatever To tune may a few
Less than 50 grand last year
You're doing it evil
Shik confeed in a million
Get nice
If you did, then it's time for career trains as our suggestion.
Pick up that phone right now and call it a folks at FastRain Tool 31866 FastRain because
these folks can have your train ready for a new high-paying career in just four short
months.
FastRain offers high-demand high-pay career training.
If you love computers ever thought of becoming a computer-never professional, here's your
chance to do it.
Call FastRain, get on board, call 1866 FastRain.
As Chris Moore would say, hot dog, hop aboard.
The demand for computer professionals is in all time high and FastRain, like I said,
can have your train ready for that new money-making career in just four short months.
FastRain's got locations all over town, so it is about to be won near by you.
They're in Kindle, Miami, Pemberpods, and Fort Lauderdale.
And FastRain even offers job placement and financial aid for those who qualify too.
The evening weekend classes forming at FastRain right now, so if you're sick and tired of
working for peanuts, here's your chance to get out of that dead end.
Call FastRain today, 1-866 FastRain.
You will see to Neil Rogers, director of the FastRain, QAM.
I like Neil's poll.
It's widely believed that they fear some reports that might be coming out, accusing one
or the other of cheating or might get ugly in the press, so they wanted to come out
unified and say we've decided to celebrate more friends and respect our privacy.
Who?
Sh of new year.
They were through Jennifer and Brad Bennett, who to fuck am I drunk?
Cause I thought that they'd last forever.
Who is to blame?
Why they split?
They're in Jalena's wheel, Mr. Pitt.
No sound he lives.
No shapely hints.
Then I thought that they'd last forever.
Jen and Brad state, that they still remain friends.
But that's what they all say.
When a relationship ends, that'll change.
Wait and see.
When they appear before Judge Judy, she'll say, he had a sting.
He'll blame she, like to drink.
Cause when it's over, and all that is done, each of them will blame the other.
That's what it is for.
That's what they say.
132.560 WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
See we're not going to get depressed anymore, but just because I'm not just silly, Britsay.
Oh, it's the most depressing day of the year.
It's just fine.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, we're fine.
It's really bastard.
What a stomach, how long has it?
Exactly.
Let's see.
Here's the hour by hour.
With a shower of power.
5 to 6am.
This is the entire rating period.
Yes.
5 to 6am.
A little on the weak side.
Who that was on then?
Sporting news radio.
Oh, right.
What did it?
Before Howard.
We're talking October, November, and DC, right?
Right.
So with Sporting News Radio with a 0.6 year.
Pretty weak.
Very weak.
Then look at that.
Stern comes on there at the 6 o'clock.
A 7 point ice going howdy.
Thanks by the way for bringing some people back to AM Radio, Howard, before you left.
Then in the 7 o'clock, Howard Stern had a 7.7 year.
In the 8 o'clock, Howard, 6.5, 9 o'clock, 6.1.
10 o'clock, Howard, we come on sometime in here.
8.6.
Oh!
Let it o'clock, Howard.
10.3.
Oh!
New an hour, 9.8.
Oh!
One to two hour, 9.8.
Two to three.
Look at the mad dog there.
9.4.
Oh!
Three o'clock, Howard.
8.4.
Before we go to Hank's 4 to 7, keep in mind that somebody was on there for...
This week's where Hank was getting that ill advice suspension that we paid a price for.
It wasn't just because I already got all the way to Diaries in December.
We got screwed in December.
If just Hank would have been on a whole rating period during the afternoon,
we'd have made the full bonus for...
You know, obviously, in a standard station.
Are you second guessing people again?
Yes.
Because the mad dog's got a 9.4 and an 8.4, and then at 4, it's a 5.5.
Oh!
5 o'clock, 4.9.
6 o'clock, 3.5, and then after that, in the tank.
But how do you like that?
How do you like our numbers there, huh?
8.6, 10, 3.8, 9.8.
Yeah, we'll settle for these mediocre numbers.
Yeah, we'll settle for these mediocre numbers.
How do you like that?
The Overrated Neo Roger Show?
Right.
That kicks them serious fat ugly ass.
Which these numbers, like I told you, I'm just preparing you for the...
Because, you know, when you're a student of this crap,
when we lose October, we're going to be settled with that grotesque December.
And it wasn't groten like September.
It was not good.
Week.
Do you want me to say?
Right.
Still.
But still eventually, when a whole winter book comes out,
that December will drop off right at the end.
Just like that.
Drop right off.
Like a zero.
Uh-huh.
Right on the flow.
So there are some pretty interesting numbers there.
So Stern was doing fine, but what can I say?
What can I say about that whole deal, huh?
The whole deal was just ill-fated from the beginning.
And in spite of the fat, well, I don't want to go through it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What's the point?
Huh?
Beating a dead horse.
Oh, I figured Ed McMahon is going to be on with Larry King,
tonight, a couple of old farts.
Uh-huh.
Make me feel like a teenager, those two.
I guess probably it would have been on the panel last night,
but they probably had a sober-mup for it.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yes, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, pali.
Yeah, if I go back to the days before a Madeline moh-
Oh, hair and, um, owls, friends, owls.
Madeline never had a resident piece, is right.
And I remember seeing you like it, uh, the donut shop,
and Sonny's, uh, cod shop on, um, sunset strip.
Sonny's cod shop?
Yes, on sunset strip and university.
Never heard of it.
Oh.
Well, anyway, um, I got a couple of good ones for, uh, okay.
Rex Prayler, the cowboy, and Major Mud the astronaut.
Oh, yeah.
Just, uh, forget about it.
Oh, okay.
Somebody QAM?
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Uh, how you doing?
I got two for the bra.
Okay.
It is Lacey Peterson.
Yup.
And Bob Aldertiger.
Okay, I think the last year we're calling from the same ship,
or like running the eggs of the steers, same bar.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and you know what I mean?
They all have a pair.
They all have a pair.
Which best fits?
Who best fits?
Not, what 20 people do you know?
Not, uh, list, list all the dead people you can start from A to Z, A to Z.
But, uh, you know, who best fits the description?
But that's okay.
We're in the, uh, waning moments anyway.
We're not waning.
That's waning.
Now, if I looked at these numbers and I thought to myself,
oh, we might lose the man dog.
I think I would do, I would get on my hands and knees.
Just like they just about to do with me.
Oh, please don't send those search back.
Please, can't we get this deal done?
I would do the same thing.
I, if I were to, I'd be in there on my knees.
A 201 to staff noon.
Actually, at 159 before that show starts.
And licking mad dogs, knees and ankles and anything they could.
And saying, can't we please, whatever you want.
We'll word it however you want.
And they'll even up the ante a little bit.
And please don't go nowhere as please.
That's what I would be doing right now.
And then tomorrow at 6.58 in the morning,
I'd be doing the same thing with the old fats over there.
That's right.
I'd be on my knees with the hockers.
That's what I would be doing.
Oh, not these people.
They just keep playing fast in those with everybody's emotions.
They keep making it feel like you're unwanted, like you're some kind of swill.
Oh, what do you want?
You only had a nine share.
My God.
It's just amazing how any outfit can be successful as this one
in spite of the management and ownership.
It's like they want to throw up like 8500 roadblocks every time you come out of the box.
Here's a whole bunch of roadblocks just so you can knock your ass down.
WDQAM, hello.
Get in.
Congratulations on the ratings news.
I think it's wonderful for you.
I hope you get a big fat ass just like the Patriots did in Pittsburgh last night.
I got a question for you.
Did they give you bonuses?
Are you going to get paid more as a result of this?
Sure.
I hope you do because I mean the proofs in the pudding, maybe.
You kicked everybody else's, you know what?
Didn't you?
Ask, yeah.
Yeah, you kicked it out.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
I'm going to ask you one of the questions now.
What the hell happened to Howard Stern?
Why is he not on your radio station anymore?
You're not supposed to ask your management two things.
Why they put them out in the first place so they could chop this show up like a meat and a meat grinder,
but all those dumps in there.
And number two, why they took them off.
Only they can answer the question.
Don't look at me.
What kind of incompetence is running rampant over there?
Now you're getting more, man.
Now you got your thumb right on it, baby.
In conference.
Yeah, I'm not going to go negative today.
I'm just going to say congratulations.
It's wonderful news.
Keep up the great work and congratulations to your team over there.
You're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job, pal.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
We're doing a great job.
Hello.
I'm Sean.
I'm a watering woman.
Yeah, it is.
WBQAM.
Hello.
In that phone, it always says that same sound to it.
Yes, sir.
We target it.
Yeah, that's the sound.
Yes.
Right.
Yeah, we're going to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How you doing?
Can we do dead monsters?
Dead monsters, such as.
King Kong.
King Kong.
He's still dead.
King Kong.
He's still dead.
Dead monsters.
Oh, God.
They're all dead.
20-2-5, 60-WBQAM.
I'm pretty interesting, man.
I have no idea what went on here.
I mean, coherent from yesterday.
But amazingly, not sick.
I don't understand that.
Not that I want to be sick.
But when you fully enter, you know what that's like, you know?
I don't.
You're always positive that you're going to be sick and have
an ammonium just to, and I'm not.
I don't know what it is.
Sick of joy, so I'll tell you that.
The main man, Anthony Kelly, and over to Simmons, Capitol
Mortgage says it's time to go to the hospital.
For years, resolutions.
Like most Americans pay off your credit cards, lowering your dead, cutting
your mortgage payments, pulling out cash, winning down, pulled it out, and
investing in real estate are at the top of that list.
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US, so I keep so much equity in
your house or pay those high interest rates.
The main man's, New Year's Resolution is to give back to the community and this year, they
partnered with kids in distress.
With a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abused and neglected children each year,
acceptance, capital, is donating the proportion of all commissions on every closed loan to
this great cause.
And if you're in the mortgage business, the main man is always looking for brokers for his
four convenient locations too.
So call the main man, Anthony Kelly and O, toll free is 1-888-483-Lone.
That's 1-888-483-Lone or go to the mainman.com and fill out that application right online.
Call him today, 1-888-483-L-O-A-N.
You are listening to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me
that's what happens if, have someone around?
you know most likely you reaz, you'll look back inside the room on all the way to your privileged home
the show.
This is for the Billy heroin, Frank and Floor.
We need this land, the risk is far, when you're born for the hell you die.
We need this land, the risk is far, where it prevents a hatred cry.
All the bubble might cease all the time.
Maybe 145 and 560 WDQA, and even if you don't know what that means, you do.
You know what it means.
You know what I mean?
I know what I mean.
Senate Democrats put off a vote on White House Council Alberto Gonzalez's nomination
to be Attorney General, complaining he had provided the base of answers to questions
about torture and the mistreatment of prisoners, but Gonzalez's most surprising answer may
have come on a different subject.
His role in helping President Bush escape jury duty in a drug and driving case involving
a dancer at an Austin strip club in 1996.
The Judge and other lawyers in the case last week to speed it a written account of the matter
provided by Gonzalez to the Senate Judiciary Committee.
It is a complete misrepresentation said David Wahlberg attorney for the dancer about Gonzalez' account.
Bush's summons to serve as a juror in the drug and driving case was in retrospect a
faithful moment in his political career by getting excused from jury duty.
He was able to avoid questions that would have required him to disclose his own 1976
arresting conviction for driving out of the influence of alcohol and kidnap unport Maine.
And it's said that then become public until the closing days of the 2000 campaign.
Bush who had publicly declared his willingness to serve had left blank on his jury question
there whether he'd ever been accused in a criminal case.
As by Senator Patrick Leahy, he described in detail the only court appearance he ever made on behalf of Bush.
Gonzalez who was then chief counsel of the Texas governor wrote that he accompanied Bush that he went to court prepared to serve on a jury.
While there Gonzalez wrote he observed the defencler make a motion to strike Bush from the jury panel to which the prosecutor did not object.
As by the judge whether he had any views on this Gonzalez recalled, he said he did not.
While Gonzalez' account tracks with the official court transcript leaves out a key part of what happened that day according to Travis County Judge David Crane.
In several interviews Crane along with Walberg and prosecutor John Lester Wicked told Newsweek that before the case began,
Gonzalez asked to have an off the record conference in the judge's chamber.
Gonzalez then asked Crane to consider striking Bush from the jury making the novel conflict of interest argument that the Texas governor might one day be asked to pardon the defendant who worked at an Austin nightclub called Sugar as the judge said.
He Gonzalez raised the issue Crane said.
Crane said he found Gonzalez's argument surprising since it was extremely unlikely that a drug and driving conviction would ever lead to a pardon petition to Bush.
But out of deference to the governor Crane said the other lawyers went along.
Walberg said he agreed to make the motion striking Bush because he didn't want the hard line governor on his jury anyway.
But there was little doubt among the participants as to what was going on.
In public they were making a big show of how he was prepared to serve said Crane in the back room they were trying to get him off so to speak.
Gee sounds just like the National Guard thing.
Gonzalez last week refused to waver.
Judge Gonzalez has no recollection of requesting a meeting in chambers a senior White House official said.
And in that while Gonzalez did recall that Bush's potential conflict was discussed,
he said he never requested that Bush be excused.
He's answerably said his question is accurate the official said.
And of course we know that's a big freaking lie.
But you know what they say birds of a feather lie together.
Right Greg?
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
So what do you think of these numbers?
Pretty impressive huh?
Yeah we're pretty.
Huh?
I'll get no impressive.
And what a shame that we got to screw it out on the full bonus and next to whatever.
You know a couple of shuckles there.
I bet you Josh lost most of his bonus money because of Mo.
Yeah.
You don't get a big bonus for the ratings Josh?
I guess you didn't want to tell him that this is the rating.
Book your binary of TV.
Yeah.
That was good.
It was supposed to be a surprise.
Sorry I sprulled it for you okay?
Tura, I was going to remind him.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Hey.
I still can't get over the fact that I had that story here on Friday.
Man it really scares me because a lot of times when I talk about somebody who's going to be dead,
they're dead.
True.
It's the power baby.
I got the power choice.
560560.
I'm going to write a slide.
Just the ass end of this storm is just blowing on through.
It's never really a storm like a system.
You know what I mean?
Like a system.
But it's developing a storm as it goes over the west end of the lake on Turing,
and then toward Buffalo, and then Goa, and Hamburg, and the Pew, and John's town, and Elmira,
and the Palmira, and Cannonade ones, and you knew him being a thing, and Indicod.
And, if the guy, how do you like that?
Well, upstate, especially Buffalo.
Man is there a worse place in the world than Buffalo?
No, I even, even Bangladesh has got to be a light years ahead, you know?
Anything.
Buffalo is just, they keep saying, you know, so in such a place as the Anus or the Armpit of the University.
If that's the case, then what is Buffalo?
Huh?
I don't want to say it.
We can't say it.
We can't say it.
We can't even say it.
I think I have something to do with Bracum.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, I'm here.
I got two more of the Apollo.
Two more, two more of Stoshmosses.
How about Rachel?
And, uh, is Rosie O'Donnell that she died?
Not yet, for sure.
You know, that's a good one to work on next weekend.
Our rate Charles is not bigger after death, and he was in life, that's ridiculous.
I'm a face of it, that's just ridiculous.
And a man in your position, sir, can't afford to look like a jackass.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes.
I checked that democracy for our Uncle website.
He had me thinking about that Pennsylvania Avenue, and it's on there.
If you have George or Josh Loach, just, uh, you know, the Pennsylvania Avenue thing.
But if you look on there, it is legit.
Right.
I knew it's legit because you're unbelievable.
You know what?
I never even thought of it when I looked at that Pennsylvania Avenue.
I laughed to myself.
I said, holy, holy shmit.
You know, I never knew something.
You think there's some irony in there?
Absolutely.
I'll tell you all about it tomorrow.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Say hi to Hally.
Thanks.
Say hi to our good buddy, Hally Dean.
Maybe he's a man.
We love you, Hally.
They did the same thing to him that they did so very well.
They like, you know, made him out to be a wacko.
He's, uh, he's a hothead.
He's irresponsible.
He's, uh, a wacko.
And they did a very good job.
And they do it and I feel welcome.
And after the whole thing was over, Carl Rose says, oh, yeah, we were scared to death of Dean.
We wanted to carry the telephone.
And we were scared to death.
Dean would have won by 10 points.
He'd have kicked his ass because you see, Dean didn't have that one.
He didn't have the one liability that carried him.
And that was the war issue.
He was against the beginning.
He had the balls to come out and tell them like it is.
He had the balls to come out and finger Tom Ridge for the lying piece of phony crap that he was.
And of course, there was Jewelie Bremen.
Oh, I know, Tom Ridge.
I'll never forget that Sunday, man.
A Sunday that will live in infamy.
That the numbers and the schlepped out Jewelie Bremen.
You talk about sleeping with the enemy, right?
He did a great job for them in 2000.
He did a great job again for them in 2004.
And the mo I see him, the more I despise him, Jewelie Bremen.
I hope he doesn't need any bad kishki this week.
But that would be bad.
Wouldn't it float something up there, are you?
Yeah.
Hey, Jewelie Bremen.
Yeah.
Hey, there he goes.
I'm tired of the hair.
Yeah, wouldn't that be a shame?
152 at 5.
And this sounds so evil, man.
Wishing for people to die.
But now that I mention it.
What?
Nothing.
No, I'm not.
We're necessarily dying.
Just have like some bad, bad case of heartburn.
You know, that even roll AIDS wouldn't cure.
Agita.
But just perpetual agita the rest of his life for Jewelie Bremen.
For all he's done to hurt us.
To hurt the cause.
And of course, keep it in mind.
He's another one always apologizing for its importance illegal,
the so-called war.
Which election day is a week.
From yesterday, all we can say is.
Oh my God.
They're dying over there.
But it's going to have a big turnout.
How many people are going to vote on us Sunday?
But third, man.
It's easier to fix it that way when a very small turnout.
You know, the emerald coast wants to wish all your happy new year.
It's not too late to do that.
And it's proud of when I was even still in joy lobster fest
every Friday through Sunday.
The emerald coast is Florida's new motor or Uno Asian gourmet buffet.
Not just my opinion, which of course it has been for a long time.
But also has rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
In addition, emerald coasts ought to need buffet.
Now you can enjoy succulent, delicious, juicy, manlobster served thermidor-style.
You can start out your mouth watering experience.
Your big feast with a choice of six different suits.
Or like sample all of them, if you like.
And then sample dozens of original treats including fries,
snapper and Thai sweet and sour sauce.
And an old favorite whole roasted duck and a hoisin sauce.
Also enjoy the brand new sushi bar featuring over 30...
BOT DIRTY MAN!
...different items.
And after sharing all of this fresh delicious good stuff down your throat,
emerald coasts out of this world dessert bar features tiramisu,
ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
and that new and exciting state-of-the-art chocolate fondue fountain.
Just take a nice chocolate shower under that fountain.
Don't forget the emerald coasts for most healthy living,
too, can go all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free,
can go oil, no MSD, yet, and either.
The emerald coasts relocations for it, they're in sunrise,
sunny hours, beach in Pember of Fines.
For reservations call 954-5723822.
954-5723822 is absolutely un-failingly the emerald coast Chinese buffet.
You are listening to Neil Raj's speech exclusively on 516-1-0-5.
Absolutely.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
My name is Barry, sing like a fairy.
I write band songs about romance, while I'm wearing a band-expanse,
I'm trying to shrimp me.
My songs are wimpy.
I had a series of big hits, but that was back in 76.
Now no one runs through here, they only laugh and stare.
They won't imitate all my albums, but my songs are queer.
Got a notion like a banana, my two-band folk live in my canna.
Got a notion like a banana, up my notes you keep it half on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I've got a heart, the size of the artwork.
When I get a song of notes I be sad here, but now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place, and so I'm singing again and singing.
My smiles in your face got a no-shape like a banana.
My two-band folk live in my canna.
Got a no-shape like a banana, up my notes you keep it half on the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Rock solid.
Rock solid.
Rock solid.
Okay, 159, Mad Dog's going to be up next and Moha were divided for Geldy at 7.
Ryan and Ms. Gain Park's is almost choked on my sandwich when I heard you say stuccoats.
Prouds exactly the same in Italian, Neopolitan dialect means crotch in hand.
Wait until he finds out what stuccoats his real name is, his name is John Weiner.
You mind making that up if I'm lying, I'm dying?
If Grace Lien were all dying.
Jesus is leading the more popular after death in the rest of my life.
Jesus 285, Elvis 52 and Nicole Simpson's got 50.
James Dean 47, a great battle for second place.
Bye bye bye!
