Hello, I'm the General Manager of this radio station.
And today is Russia Shana, the Jewish New Year.
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths,
we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year.
Hey, hey, happy New Year!
Hey, hey, hey, that's it! Go home, okay!
Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride
when Fox presents Wenzhu's Attack, sponsored by the Committee to Allegge George W. Bush and by KFC,
where you can get the new GOP bucket. The GOP bucket is all white meat, right wings and only 29.95.
Wenzhu's Attack, for 9 on 5.
Oh!
Get your Mella drum on, on those sexy divas, looking for a banjo on Wasturior Lane.
There are women on a vacant house on, I've been in bed for a secret embrace,
at every twist in the public's care and a sweet smell of praise.
It's for you, not for your child. It's like a soap, only for wild.
You will find a time to watch it, something nice.
Just for how wise.
Just for how wise.
You're fairly.
Okay, it's 10.02 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M. I'm supposed to do the Happy New Year thing.
I just can't do it. I already said it.
You can do it. I'm not going to do it. It's just silly crap.
Go ahead. New Year is January the first. I'm tired of all these different, you know,
the Muslims and the Jews and the Chinese. Everybody's got their own New Year.
See, if we can't even agree on what they knew, you're, is how the hell was supposed to get long, you know?
We're not. Well, I guess that's it. That must be part of God's plan because God is crazy.
Maybe that's the problem. Is there a Russia-Shan, a song, a New Year's song, traditional kind of a song?
Yes, a Russia-Shan, a song.
Not that I know. You know, like a regular rock band.
There it is.
They're back. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll the sound, your band.
It's Russia, a song on a...
Yeah, that's it. Not that I know.
A song and who has it? Is there a regular New Year song?
No, but since it's a religious kind of a thing.
No. I don't think there's a Purim song.
There's a Dred old, Dred old, Dred old, Dred old, Dred old, Dred old Hanukkah song.
You know that one, right?
Let's play that. It's about 10 minutes long.
Yeah. I hate that.
Anyway, we're going to play a lot of long stuff.
You know, since I loaded up a couple of minutes at that time.
First of all, we don't have to cross over because the Humper is taking off.
He's been Jewish today.
Although he's a... excuse would be he's coming back from Charlotte.
Must be a real slow trip.
Now, he said he was taking off.
Yes.
And I'll guarantee you next Tuesday, when you're... he won't be on next Tuesday either.
Okay.
Is next Tuesday, you homekipper?
You homekipper?
I can't see it from here.
Now, do you think Hanuk is going to be fasting on you homekipper?
Huh?
Yes.
Slowly.
You could think.
Oh, it's fine.
Yeah, he's fast and slow.
It couldn't hurt.
Let me put it that way.
Do a nice fast next week, Humper.
What are you applying?
I'm applying.
He needs to lose an answer to.
Couldn't hurt.
That's what I'm applying.
I will not be fasting because at first of all, I won't even be here.
I'll be abroad next week.
He has to be a little bit more patient.
Anyway, you see who died?
Oh, I said bad news.
He was a good guy.
Yes, he was.
Nifty Russell died.
Yum Kapoor is Thursday.
Next Thursday?
Yes.
Look at the cover.
Did you find you there, Josh?
Right there.
Look at the 13.
Can't be this.
I know you can't read Jewish.
Yes.
13.
Well, that's an unlucky number.
For who?
Uh-oh.
I guess, I don't know.
Maybe for Ariel Shiro.
I haven't got any idea.
Who knows who cares?
It's just all a bunch of bubble miceys where you people grow up already.
Can you do it?
You know, the human race is supposed to be stupid.
That's the problem.
I was thinking that last night I was watching the news and all these people are killing each other.
And all the same old, tired arguments.
And this sect and that sect and this group and that group.
Oh, geez.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that before, I forget, because I know I'll forget later.
Because I heard it on CNN just once briefly.
I was in the kitchen and I just, uh, yesterday afternoon, one time.
And they said that NPR yesterday morning reported that Harriet Myers,
your president's fantastic choice to be the next supreme court justice.
I see it was a headhunt show.
In fact, I got to do have the name of the church.
Fjörg and I scoured today to try to find some information about the whole thing.
I think about this no paper trail is right.
Valley Hugh Christian Church in Texas.
She was one of the big hunters in that church.
A very, very fundamentalist right wing church that, that's counseled to ex-gays,
the ex-game movement.
And of course, ex-gays like, yeah, we know a lot of the things.
Now that should give you a real good tip off is to this self-hating dichothe,
she's all about.
Come on, you could come around.
They don't come to it.
They don't come more right wing than the ex-game movement.
I think about the only thing worse than that is the Jews for Jesus.
The funny thing is that they have classes to teach you how to not be gay, how to be straight.
In fact, remember the Christian Zionist movement?
Yeah.
Which was that on Power of Nightmares?
I know one of those, sorry, I think you're right.
I think it was, they mentioned it.
Yeah.
The Christian Zionist movement.
Some very scary people who love Israel, not because they like Jews or anything like that
or because they really like Israel, but because we have to have, we have to carry out this biblical prophecy.
Right.
And we have to have Armageddon.
And of course most of the Jews are going to die anyway because they're not going to accept Jesus.
You'll convert or die just like that was your birthday.
That was your birthday.
You'll convert or die.
Anyway, Nipsey Russell evidently didn't convert because he died.
Now, I bet you, Josh, doesn't have any idea who Nipsey Russell was and rightfully so.
No.
No.
Nipsey Russell, in fact, here's a photo of Nipsey.
That's he was posing for a photographer, something New York premiere of the film, The Aviator.
Two days a day, December 14th, 2004, just a few months ago, and now he's dead.
Now he's in a box.
He's not in heaven.
He's not in hell, little boys and girls.
All your kids are off of school today.
There is no God.
There is no heaven.
There is no hell.
There is no sandy clubs.
It's all the same fairy tales.
Okay, there are many fairies, but never the...
And fairy.
Russell played the Tin Man alongside Dana Ross and Michael Jackson to Wiz.
Oh, now you should know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
Josh never saw the Wiz.
He might have played the kids long career in stage TV and film died Sunday afternoon at Lennox Hill Hospital in New York.
Anyway, oh, his manager Joseph Rath.
I guarantee you that Rath was shortened from Rappaport.
You think?
Guaranteed.
That's an interesting thing about people who changed their names and shortened names.
A lot of Jews used to be very fashionable for those who changed their name because it was like...
I'm trying to think a little bit.
No, like from Greenberg to Greenberg.
Very good.
Maybe Bob Greenberg was Bob Greenberg, you think?
It's possible.
I was thinking about Bob Green this morning.
It wasn't a thought seeded by the way, Rockhead.
It wasn't positive.
I'll take care of George.
I'll take care of George.
Yeah.
He took care of you all right.
Here I am.
Even though you took him to the swing club and tried to get him laid that time, he still didn't take care of you.
I think my dad just died that time.
He was the show where I was playing with.
Well, who now would touch him now?
Who?
Although he can't kind of acute beard.
That's what Cheryl said.
What's her name?
Nifty Russell who played the Tin Man alongside Diana Rossi-Michael Jackson.
The Wiz, that way I already read that.
Yes.
They've been suffering from cancer.
Vornand Atlanta.
See, I don't understand this.
Vornand Atlanta, Russell launched his TV career as Officer Anderson in the 61 TV series Car 54.
Where are you?
One of the worst shows in history.
Also appeared in the 1994 film version.
He became a fixture.
Here we go.
A fixture on popular TV game and talk shows.
He was on so many games show.
Where he was welcome for his poetic lover that earned him the moniker, the poet laureate of TV.
He also took a signature forline poetry on the road for readings and performances.
He appeared in the film's Nimo in 1984, Wildcat's in 1986, and Pasi in 1983.
Hey, Josh.
It's not Pasi, right?
Who saw it?
What about my mask?
I don't know.
All right.
We're still looking.
Why would he have seen Pasi?
Because it's relatively modern.
93.
Relatively.
12 years ago.
He was like 10 years old.
That's a black cowboy movie, Josh.
You know, he did not see Pasi.
He sold in New York.
He never married.
He was married to his work.
Just like Harry admirers.
You know what I mean?
Somebody says that someone is married to their work that's a code for that's exactly what they mean.
Don't give me this crap.
They're married to their work.
I understand that everybody who never got married is nevertheless.
He always said, I have trouble with myself.
How could I live with anybody else?
He was a wonderful guy, very quiet, never bragged.
Nipsey Russell.
Good.
How do you like that?
Good.
And now what is suspected that he was going to pour a 40 out on the lot for it?
I'll be damned.
Anyway, more bad news from Iraq.
Four US soldiers and a Marine.
Five more dead US troops have been killed in the tax of the US military city today.
The deaths were announced on the same day as US-led forces launched an offensive of the Western
Province of Ann Bar where four of the troops died.
This brings the total amount to 1944, but who's counting?
1944 people dead because of lies, a war been in a legal invasion based on a pack of lies,
based on a bunch of neoconb fantasies, lunacy, and a public sits back.
Oh, American, I don't come back.
Look at that.
Where's my pro-zac?
That's what the public is doing.
They're all drugged up, all screwed up, and nobody cares.
And the Democratic Party, they're totally out to lunch.
They don't jump on this area at Myers-Bitch.
See, she is, actually, this is a pretty clever move.
Because she's not one of these openly-radded right wing.
She's very quietly, they're trying to portray her.
Somebody who's very, very goody to her.
She wants to lower, she donated a little of ten bucks to Al Gore a hundred years ago,
and therefore she's like, but in the meantime, if you really check her record out,
which we'll get to that eventually.
We'll eventually get to it.
She's just another right-wing piece of terror.
Just another bush-toty in the sheep's clothing and another dyke.
This whole thing is incredibly amazing to me.
This whole coterie we've got now of self-hating fags and the Jews and blacks,
who are like the bush, the bush Nazi movement.
What is the mainstream media going to pick up on that?
They're not. Do a big special report.
They're not. It's not good for business. You can't say that.
The mainstream media. This certainly not going to talk about her being a dyke.
Have you ever heard in the mainstream media anybody suggest,
or asked how come Condi isn't married?
Oh, she's married to her work, huh?
Or Anne Colter? Or Miss Fudge?
Oh, no.
How's your wife doing, honey?
You're fairy.
Yeah.
Oh, he's married to well-in-samuels.
But he's got a lot of them.
The only car a lot of them are my favorite.
What about them?
Who?
Carl.
Carl Rove.
Yeah, Roba Maneak.
Well, you can, anybody who's ever met a real screamer,
you can just look at him and tell you he's got that flaming look.
He just absolutely...
BABY Mane!
Carl Rove.
So what can I tell you?
You know, it's just to the way it goes.
Of course, people like Bill Crystal and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl,
all of these people.
It's just very sad.
And they've taken over the country and they're running and getting the rest of you people
are like busy trying to get enough money together to fill up your tank with gas.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
I have gas pains just thinking about him, you know what?
Do you notice?
It must be the drinkin'.
But when he was introducing her yesterday morning, he looked more bewildered than usual,
which is Santa has a lot.
He just looks be fuddled.
I mean, like he's lost, like he's in the bag.
And reading the word for word, not even looking up, barely looking up for you every time he reads.
Here's the point yesterday, who best fits this description of broadcasters,
who does not belong on the air.
We had a hell of a battle going there, 1725 votes, and Rita Crosby,
Edged out Ricky Tiki Sanchez by two votes.
Rita Crosby 233 Rick Sanchez 231.
Lenny Martez of very strong, 3149 and deservedly so.
Don I'mus, 135.
Shannon Sharp, one 12.
I'm pleased to see that Shannon was in the top five and very deservedly so,
an insult to all of us.
Bob Novak 84, the Crona 79, OJ McDowell 78, Nancy Grace 76,
8K8 Grace Nanceier, the L.D. 72, Hockey tomorrow night.
The debut, Gary on the QAM.
Al Franken 69, Daniela Bastard 67, Joseph Gacky 56,
hasn't Q56, who did the morning show this morning with Curtis.
Your good guides, you'll be, don't come back soon, please.
Michael Irwin 38, Wolflitzgrieve 38, Tucker Carlson 37,
Jimmy Cifilis 36, Joe Scarborough 34, Paul Castron over 27.
How you doing, Paulie?
He's probably taking notes already.
Phil Sims 15, Soledad O'Brien 14,
Drill Morgan and Rich Walls 11, a piece, and Roxy Bernstein 11,
that's bad.
Roxy is so much better than Rich Walls, even Josh Edmunds said.
Edge sold seven and Bob Sheep for five, that was her boy yesterday.
10, 13 at 5, 60 WDQ, let's take a look at that schedule.
Now it says Moe is on today.
Can we confirm that on a Jewish-Hon Russia genre?
Well, he's been taking so much time off yesterday with that brist in the baby
and the whole deal, the grand kid.
He may, you know, he doesn't want to ruffle the management.
It says Moe 2 to 4, I've just read what it says.
Mad Dog 4 to 7, Kim Bo-Campers 7 o'clock, Ed Kaplan 10 to 2,
any case that it worked tonight.
That is really shocking.
They're close to sure, man, what about the troopers we are in this soup?
It's interesting, a lot of the goi-m didn't show up today.
I've actually had a water analysis not there today.
Well, you know, I didn't check that side of the building today.
But it's tough said the parking lot was real empty.
So everybody's Jewish.
I've been there.
Speaking of stockings.
Well, you better get stuff on the phone, get in my in there, okay?
Get them on the hoard?
Yeah, get them on the hoard.
Yeah, the feeling is going to be happening a lot.
I was counting this morning with the audio vaults all screwed up.
And he went, oh, but it moved, but it moved, but it liked that.
And he's got budget meetings this morning and how much money he needs.
And he's all this other crap, which has nothing to do with getting me piece of equipment fixed, but nevertheless.
Apparently, they know why it's doing this.
Just nobody's done anything about it.
I see.
But we know why it keeps doing this and dropping out in the middle of our very important commercials,
which is the only reason that we're here.
But nevertheless.
Neon God.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
I saw this.
So amazing.
I saw this.
Good luck.
I saw this.
My God.
I saw this.
DOESigning.
DOES preparing my pocket Bharat.
DOES preparing.
DOES preparing my pocket Bharat.
DOES preparing my pocket Bharat.
DOES preparing my pocket Bharat.
DOES preparing my pocket Bharat.
TOES preparing my pocket Bharat.
DOUS preparing my pocket Bharat.
Do business.
I saw him on the side of the top floor with a little snack on my phone.
I saw him in a bowl with a kitty in the side of the smutters jar.
Yes, I saw a pink disc, most pink of all of all everybody.
I saw he's a super-horus pink of all of all.
I saw him on a pile of those there in the sink deep in my pocket.
All my friends, they come up down in the red lake fall.
I saw he's just out on the sea.
You see that car bomb on that car?
Yeah, they're going smoking back then.
We see about a half a second of that and then he switched to something else.
Some chopper flying over somewhere.
And then here's this goofball.
That's how bomb explodes outside the green zone in Iraq.
But other than that, everything is all wear-flying incredibly well.
Texas Grand jury brought a charge of money laundering yesterday against Representative Tom Delay.
Yes, the former House Majority Leader and Dated Last Week on conspiracy charges
stemming from a campaign finance probe.
Delay and two associates are now also charged with conspiring.
New illegally steer 190 grand in corporate donations to state legislative candidates in 2002.
And the disguise it's sourced by sending it through national Republican campaign committees.
And in written statement, the anxious Congressman Kulley and Damon, another example of prosecutor-torial abuse
by district attorney Ronnie Earl, who's also, by the way, prosecutor-twelled Democrats,
who is interested in passing, even though he's very partisan, of course, according to Tom Delay.
I got to situate article here by Juan Cole.
I'm not going to, I was down in my pile.
I thought I want to read a lot today on the June New Year, but I will anyway.
Let's get to today's poll, though, first of all, because Saturday went into effect,
we mentioned yesterday, when you shoot them up long Florida, somebody takes your parking spots,
what was ass away?
Okay, somebody looks at your cross-site, you go to the ATM and somebody like,
standing too close behind you, maybe looking for your password?
How do I mean? That's it, right?
Right.
And your fan-ass governor will come down and give you a medal, a purple star in a gold jelly bean,
or the other way around and say, pat you in a back.
Good job. Well done. Go home.
I recommend it.
And automatic.
Right. And give you an AK-47, so you can do an even better job next time.
What's your take on the new Florida Shoot-A-Mupp Law?
That's our Interfect now. This is October 4th, so four days now.
You've had a chance to go out and kill some people.
Oh, gee, I should have done the...
Yeah, well.
Like I said, it's a new hobby.
Some people like to play golf, some people like to play parties or scrabble,
and some people like to...
Kill some people.
There you go.
Thanks, Mo.
396 votes.
I can't believe he's working today on the due year.
That's bad.
It's going to burn in hell for that, or for a lot of other things.
396 votes on that pool.
What's your take on that new law?
Only crazy people could support this.
That was my vote.
You have to be...
Crazy, certifiably.
You have to be locked up to believe that this is the way...
It should be.
It should be is what I said.
117 sounded like something else didn't.
I love it. I can't wait to shoot somebody 103.
Well, I think that was a Freudian slip.
I love it. I can't wait to shoot somebody 103 people.
So that...
Yeah, let me add them.
Only in America 84.
That's a good one.
I can't believe it's a law of 60.
I'm out of here 18.
Won't change the thing 12, and I support it 8.
That's really great.
Out of the first temperature, we got 400 votes.
It's not even 1030 yet.
There goes 402.
402, that's what I got right now.
And that's on the heels of Joseph Yankee being on.
That's pretty good.
I'm impressed on the due year too.
This is the year I officially just...
I mean, I've said it before that I don't celebrate these holidays,
but this is the year I officially just...
I wash my hands of it, you know?
Plus with this new virus going around here.
How do you like this?
I just call yesterday all these panic people.
Oh, we heard that thing about that nursing home in Toronto.
Neil, I must be sorry, together's this way.
Yeah, right.
Go wash your hands and wash your mouth.
Okay.
I'll ride your head and wash out your...
Right.
Oh, God.
Get serious.
All these panic people.
If I lived in the state of panic that some of these people do,
every time like a little bug comes along,
you just step on it, squash it.
Or in Florida, shoot it.
Those are the United States of panic.
Shoot it, baby. Shoot that bug.
Kill it.
Declarate war on it.
Invite it.
Rip it to drop a bunch of bombs on it.
Anyway, I'll get to this article.
I don't want to interrupt myself.
One cool bush done it.
Who writes for informed comment.
Oh, informed comment, what's that?
That's something we don't get too much of these days,
especially in your mainstream media.
You grave robbers, you lunatics.
So the fact that this Harriet Myers,
who spells her name in a very funky way, by the way,
the fact that she was a big hunter when his valley view
Christian church in Texas,
which ministers to ex-gays.
Oh, my ex-gays, my ass.
Who are you, kiddin' honey?
Well, as soon as I heard that, like a little light bulb,
I'm over my head.
And then of course, then I found out about her,
her little pro-life stance and about her antica.
People want the antisotomy law repealed in Texas.
You know, she's just a self-hating old dike
is what she is, okay?
It's just amazing to me.
This group of misfits that he's put together.
I'm surprised he hasn't brought in a few people
from the Roman Catholic Church.
A few priests that have gotten ex-communicated.
I got the, there he is.
There's only two coming up.
The priest that killed two people.
Well, maybe he was getting ready to live in Florida.
It's a new hobby now.
When he get pissed off, why don't kill some people?
He brought them closer to the Lord, didn't he?
You work in there, get QIM, come to work with an Uzi
and kill some people.
Man, do a public service.
I bet the shy has a newsy.
You think he does, but he's one of those
that's really militants, you know?
Now, he's, did he work today?
Yeah, he did.
Get out of here, Friday night.
All right, he's really worked on Russia's show.
He's gonna burn in hell and somebody's gonna pee
on his home in Texas from next Purim.
I'll guarantee you that.
Man, I can't believe it's shy.
He must be insecure.
Although I can't imagine that working in a vet station.
I'm surprised that his quarters didn't take off today
for Russia's show.
What's that?
All right, no, that's right.
He's just hanging around.
He's waiting for the mail to come in.
Oh, I got that mail.
You got it.
Yeah, by the way, I forgot to mention it because...
Oh, you do have that.
Get into my seat.
I have to welcome him.
Thanks.
I said, you're in the envelope, but I said check this out.
What he really means is, couldn't have been
another zero on that.
That's what he's really trying to say.
Well, I know.
Sometimes it's tough and probably want to give Duffalone too
because he's, oh, if I have to hear more about that
gnashing of people, yeah.
A man that cries like a woman like that.
It just tears my guts out.
Oh, hit it again.
Bang it.
Do it harder.
Smack it.
Harder.
Crank it.
Radio 560.
Hmm, what a joke.
Like, seven nights.
The federal government is just more than the rest of those people today.
Underwoodering's criticism from both parties,
Brown offered no apologies.
And mostly, he blamed others for the debauches
that crossed hundreds of lines.
I went round.
There's no one left to blame.
I said, Brownie.
You're the government shame.
I said, Brownie.
The short careers have been blamed.
There's no one.
I know who's more blame.
George Bush.
You better make him shut up before he says.
It was you who messed up.
You can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many things
that he should do time.
I was just hiring a spank.
He's way too dumb to run the F-E-M-A.
Some people died when he ran F-E-M-A.
I'm dying our men.
Everyone knows that your leadership boards
you can go back to your part shows.
Today both Republicans and Democrats
criticize the facts that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official,
his testimony must be cleared by the White House.
Creation bills.
I call on members to make wheel cuts
and non-security spending.
All of a sudden now it's the tight budget president.
Okay, with our $3 trillion deficit.
Nice going George Bush.
Thanks again for that fantastic bargain on a gas.
It's a real steel of a deal.
You know, this thing with the audio vault,
I don't want to get technical on the air
because the audience will go into a deep coma.
They'll think they're listening to a Marlin game.
But let's get serious.
Okay, I mean, this has gone on for weeks now.
And when you tell me that they have identified what the problem is,
but they don't want to be highly motivated to do something to build it,
you would think that that would be the number one priority
is to get the spots on the air.
They don't give a crap about me or you guys or anybody else.
All they care about is give us that damn F-E-M-A.
Just like that science is up on the wall there.
Give us the money.
When you can't get the money unless you run the spots.
And every time we try to take your commercial break
and we have to go through a spastic song of the dance
because the damn thing won't play.
Now what about the one in the other room?
I don't know.
See, I don't know.
I don't know if we have a spare DCS again.
I don't want to get real technical here.
Well, there is one in the other room,
but we think it's subject to the same problems.
Why would that be?
And we ever had this problem with the...
See, that's BS.
That's a lie.
And we ever had that problem with a DCS ever?
Not so.
Has it ever failed the fire once?
Yeah. All the time.
What?
All the time.
Josh has to hit the button, like,
all more and more lately, but yeah.
The DCS?
Oh, the DCS, I'm sorry.
No, no, the DCS never.
No.
Right, never.
Now wouldn't that be a sweet thing to put this false in there?
It's so funny.
And of course the way that that thing works
and it goes from one right to the next one,
it's just a funny guy.
It's sweet as honey, man.
Yeah.
Right?
No wonder you have these high ratings.
You're just not allowed to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In case of real rocket scientists to figure out,
you use the system that works and doesn't keep freezing up
all the time like this.
Keep an eye on your whole body.
We would love that from our countries.
But you know something they would love to know if we
told them about Fat Boy.
No matter what we say, they do the opposite
because we're evil.
We're the bar guys.
Who are you?
You're not even supposed to be in the building.
Nobody likes you here.
Darryl says, this facts you just said,
I'm associated with a teacher in a private Christian
school in Sarasota, who was required to attend
a Christian educational conference in Dallas, Texas last week.
One of the speakers, a prophet, I was told,
taught that the reason for the awful floods in hurricanes
in the south were directly related to the decisions
that Bush has made relating to Israel
and their land.
Boy!
God was punishing this nation for these atrocities against the Jewish nation.
These are God's chosen people.
Anyone who makes decisions and opposition to them will suffer the consequences.
She used scripture to point it out that these are facts.
They were told that Katrina was whirling around in the Gulf
and once the decision was made regarding the Gaza Strip
by the Bush administration, Katrina then headed directly
toward these southern states.
Many of you know I deplore Bush.
This is not a support for Bush the Red.
Now it appears, no, this is from somebody's blog.
Now it appears some of his own is turned against him for his religious
political decisions.
What are Christian school teachers learning these days to listen
to such crazy statements?
In turn, of course, children are picking up these messages,
one way or another, pointing another generation to mythology and lunacy.
We're in the help of these idiots come from.
Why are such ignorant people allowed to come anywhere near our children?
Where does this craziness stop in this country?
To think these people make a living holding seminars
with such stupidity attacks for them, is it enough to make me kakaus is there?
Well, you better start now squat, you're all because you're going to be doing a lot of it.
Thank you Mr. President.
Thank you Mr. President.
You're doing a heck of a job, Bush.
Heck of a job, W.
Forty-two votes on a poll.
I'm not going to keep referring to that too often as I got a few fish to fry.
They're not a lot.
I'm not big on fish.
Study for Friday.
Probably I'm going to take a few calls today too because we got some going.
I'm going to be calling in today.
It's certainly not any Jews calling.
I'm a gas that we got to with people working on this very important new year.
New year is January the first.
Okay, just keep that in mind.
All you people are going to have your own new year is your mama.
That's my response to you.
Okay, including this one.
This is bubble-mice.
This is nonsense.
But a Jewish calendar says, let me say this to you.
Is there anybody Jews included who are going to look upon tomorrow as the second day of the year?
No.
So you understand?
Yeah, right.
No.
So forget about it.
Cut the crap.
Get with it.
Stop it.
All the childish nonsense.
All these important things going on in the world.
And we're busy arguing about what they is new year.
Oh, gee, I can't figure that out.
Who is calendar are we going by?
How about Gregory?
As tech calendar.
Was that anything after Jeff Gregory, the Gervorian calendar?
W.D.C.Y.M. Hello, or maybe Gregory Quick?
Who was in that movie?
Yes, sir.
That idiot's rudge came on the other night and was talking about Bill Bennett and his comments.
And then compare them to what you say about Cubans, which was...
They're just so far out of there.
It's really bad.
But what I say about Cubans...
Yeah, he was...
What is it that I say about Cubans?
You know that's one that you said that you'd be afforded all the Cubans more people would speed away.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I'm sure I must have said that if we just afforded all the Cubans,
South Florida, we'd better place to live, right?
No, the over here...
Hey, Matt, you're fairy.
Go ahead.
Do you ever hear these guys talk about...
Well, assuming the next terrorist strike comes in America, what's going to happen?
And they all start talking about these right wingers about how all the enemies of the state
are going to be jailed for sedition.
And they want to use sedition laws to silence people who are really with them.
And they're simply shan or you know...
That is correct.
It's insanely people talk.
It's in fascism, baby.
That's what it is.
It's in here over there at the mustache.
You're looking for another Reichstag fire...
Excuse the shut up people who disagree with them.
You got it.
It's unbelievable, Neil.
I'll see you at the border, Pali.
Thanks, Matt.
I'll see you at the peace, bridge.
Interesting ideas.
You've got a lot of interesting ideas, okay?
Like a burn-up of all of us, uh, fags.
Well, that's right.
Except the one citizen administration is kind of like Hitler the same thing.
Exactly the same.
I don't see any difference.
Anti-Semites virulent anti-Semites.
Except the course for those neoconsules who are part of their, uh,
full operation.
The same thing all over again.
And the public sits back and see an insits back.
And they're like analizing.
And they have to give the opposite point of view every time somebody criticizes.
And they have to like bring all these stupid suck up generals on there to tell us
how wonderful everything's going in Iraq.
And how freedom is on a march.
And all these great things we're going to be doing.
Yeah, sure it is.
If they could figure out a way, if there was like a magic pill they could swallow,
or a magic wand they could wave that could guess out of there like tomorrow.
By noon tomorrow, they'd be waving it right now.
There you go.
I just heard it.
They'd be waving it.
They'd be flailing with it.
Because they owe damn well that they got caught with a damn, uh,
weapons of mass destruction down, which there aren't any, and all their lies down.
And by the way, whatever happened to roll and cool and pow.
I had a laugh when they were talking about somebody needs to be in charge of the mess
in, uh, with Katrina there in Louisiana and, uh, the Gulf States.
And they're talking about, well, either Rudy Giuliani or Colin Powell based on what?
Based on what?
What did Rudy Giuliani do besides going on television after nightlife?
What the hell did he do and, uh, you know, run around and pat people on the back?
I mean, that's not enough.
And roll and cool and pow.
Maybe he can hold up a few vials of the water from New Orleans.
I see there's, in fact, at least this time he'd be honest.
Right.
Because we didn't have no answer acts in those vials.
He was holding up there in the, uh, you win.
But there would be a lot of crap floating around in those vials.
Because he naturally being the crap specialist that he is rolling cool and total sell out.
So Miss Fudge has taken a shot.
Well, guess what, Ferry?
You're fair.
You are, Ferry.
Who are you, kid man?
You self-hating obnoxious, disgusting piece of third man.
You're, there are things floating in the water in New Orleans that are more worthwhile than you.
In fact, I'll tell you one thing.
If, if all people like that, whatever that is, and I'm not sure there's a specific category,
if they, if they would have been aborted at birth, then the world would be a better place.
Isn't that what Bill Bennett said?
All the time.
1041 at 560.
When it's all said and done,
that the American people are going to know what I know though.
Yeah, that ain't much.
Oh, no.
Wow.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
Talk about the dumbing down of America, man.
I give a three tuned Zone patients.
To food NOT in a pocket O.
To food.
To food NO også afeting
I've said the boys are back in town.
Why you leave?
Ah, my God, I'll all use poor old bulls.
I know everything that's going on with that rules.
Why I even know all the new my John rules.
I've hit the judge.
Daddy, I'll be the loser.
You better know it, Doctor.
I, you could bet it's you and I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my boys, would you?
You little smoothing.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
I'm just a man.
496 votes on a full already.
It's not even 11 o'clock yet.
How do you like them apples, boys?
Even Josh might be impressed.
I'm more impressed with, we're going to go for four for four on the brakes here.
He's keeping score today on the audio vote.
Oh, so we're three for three even even baby route never tie.
God never better than 1000.
So we're going for four for four for perfect.
The first hour now did you know the amusing part of it was that before before the show,
Miss Muff will comes in every day to Pat us on the head.
Make sure everything is okay.
You know, he said, well, we got budget means tomorrow.
So I won't be with you tomorrow, but you know, you can always get a hold of me.
In case you need me for like engineering or something.
You see the you see the irony in that engineering or something.
We've had the audio of all of prom, which by the way,
that's a computer that we play our commercials off of on this horse ball station,
which is one of the worst pieces of equipment one of the most irreliable.
And as a result, that's why every time we go to break,
Josh is sitting there smack it and banging it and the computer to.
And it's just, you know, an eighth plan, half the time.
So the idea that anybody in there is going to get engineering off their ass.
Although we are on 24 seven, you know, it's pretty amazing.
We got 24 hour seven day a week programming.
Remember that sign on the door?
Oh, yeah, we're really great.
Where who the hell is he to talk about us?
Yeah, nice job in at Amsterdam studio.
By the way, a couple of years ago, too.
That was really good.
Sound like I was underwater.
One call says Bush done it.
And I happen to think that he is.
He says George Stephanopoulos dropped a bombshell on his show on Sunday toward the end.
He said, definitely a political problem.
But I wondered George will do you think it's a manageable one for the White House?
Especially if we don't know what the Fitzgerald is going to write a report or have indictments.
But if he's able to show us a source close to this told me this week that President Bush and vice president Cheney were actually involved in some of these discussions,
meaning discussions about Valerie Plain.
The implication is that Bush and Cheney took part in discussions with Carl Roe, Louis Libby,
and other administrations spin-mighters about what to do about that pesky Joseph Wilson from reacting a bastard to Iraq.
What stood up to Saddam in the fall of 1990?
Wilson had gone to Niger, or as they say now in New Year, in spring of 2002 to check out the story circulating in intelligence circles.
That Saddam had brought a bought uranium there recently.
Vice President Richard Bruce Cheney, when people are illegal, probably tradition is to drop the nicknames, and ask the CIA about these stories.
Wilson had found that the structure of the uranium industry in Niger, which frankly was in French hands, made the purchases implausible.
What Wilson did not know at the time was that the stories were generated by actual documents, a set of clumsily forged letters generated by Italian military intelligence officer Rocco Martini,
who claimed he was the tool of higher powers.
I wonder if he was Kim de Mr. Martini from Kukuznest.
I wonder.
Wilson wrote his report and assumed it was passed by the then CIA director George Tennant, and then went to Cheney who had initiated the inquiry.
Wilson watched with amazement and outrage as the Bush administration went on relentlessly to hype Iraq's alleged nuclear program as a basis for the Iraq war that they got up.
By May of 2003, Wilson had had enough, and he went public with mandatory Lenin or times in which he told the story.
The whole point of Bushism is to punish dissidents within the ranks immediately and ruthlessly. Wilson, the former State Department official, had to be destroyed for having stepped out a line.
Everyone should remember that when former Secretary of Treasury Paul O'Neill decided to come out with a tell-all memoir about being in the Bush cabinet for a year, he proclaimed,
I'm old, I'm rich and there's nothing they can do to me or words to that effect.
Then all of a sudden the Bush administration was finding signs of classified documents in O'Neill's book implicitly threatening him with spending the rest of his life in jail for having revealed government secrets.
O'Neill feebly protested that he hadn't had access to classified documents, but all of a sudden he disappeared from the airways.
He had discovered that there were two things that could be done to him.
He must have been astonished that the Bushes of Kenny Bunkport would behave like Vladimir Putin.
Everyone always underestimates the malevolence of the Bushes of Connecticut.
So the Bush team ordered an investigation into Wilson, quickly emerged that he was married to Valerie Plain Wilson, though the government documents the White House could get a hold of just called her Valerie Plain, and transpired that Plain worked on preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction at the CIA.
Carl Rowe, Lewis Lemmy, Richard Bruce Cheney, in Department of France Mafia, considered the CIA in open enemy and out of team player,
Richard Pearl, their guru on these matters, viewed the CIA as a hotbed of wimpy liberalism that especially underestimated the depravity of dark skinned peoples in the Third World.
In short, the CIA was impervious to the Lakood lobby and impressed with the Krakpot theories of far-right winged gandflies like Pearl.
So the Hot House atmosphere of the White House in 2003, when the awful truth was dawning that there were no WMDs in Iraq,
world-liBW and the big Bruce huddled together with others in the administration to think how to describe Wilson.
They care only about image, not substance. It didn't matter then that Wilson had been proved right, in their world you only lose if the public sees the truth.
The mere discovery of truth in some obscure court is irrelevant. They had to prevent the public from seeing Wilson's truth.
So they would leak it that Wilson's wife was CIA, and moreover had something to do with having him sent on his mission.
Apparently among the peculiar tribes that inhabit the press offices in Washington, this information would be enough to tag Wilson as unreliable as indeed a flag for the CIA, populated by water Mondails,
who wouldn't recognize a uranium ship into Iraq if a caterpillar lift truck accidentally dropped it on their toes.
In short, Wilson would not be a good-faced witness for the secret agent with a hidden pinker agenda and so safely dismissed.
Robyn Litty were chosen as the hatchet man who would actually talk to the reporters and put the information out, but of course Bush and Cheney were part of the deliberations that set the plan in motion.
It involved outing a career CIA operative and likely getting her contacts in the third world killed. It was very serious business. Bush would have had to have signed off on it at least orally.
As long as the Republicans control both houses of Congress, Bush is probably safe. I'm not sure a special counsel like Fitzpatrick could buy himself a ring down a president.
But if the Democrats can take the House in 2006, this scandal could turn into an impeachment trial. I've long been frustrated by the U.S. Press's tendency to talk about Bush's cabinet officers as though they were independent agents and to put Bush on a pedestal.
Let me just follow through on some further assertions in the spirit of Stephen Ophanopoulos's remark.
It is fruitless to speculate about who dissolved the Iraqi army in May of 2003 and why. This moved contributing to the rise of Sunni Arab guerrilla movement. Bush did it.
Who ordered the Marines against their better judgment to launch a reprisal attack on Fallujah after four Western private security guards were killed in their bodies desecrated there? Bush did it.
Who authorized torture at Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib? Bush did it. Who applauded Michael Brown, a man with no experience in emergency management, had a FEMA? Bush did it. Who led bin Laden escape from Tura Bora? Bush did it.
Who completely destroyed the fiscal health of the U.S. government and forced this into massive debt, squandering Clinton, surplussing and banjering social security? Bush did it. Bush is the president. He makes the decisions.
If there's been a major bad decision, it's been his who ordered Valerie Plain as undercover CIA operative? Bush did it.
All right. How do you like that? A lot?
What I got in the African American community?
Yeah, there you go. All ten of them. 1056 at 560 W.Q.Y.M.
If you have sick or dying palm trees or palm trees that just don't look as good as they ought to, palm tree doctor can help.
Palm tree doctor is suffered as leading palm experts specializing in saving sick and dying palm trees.
In most cases palm tree doctor can save your sick palms that are fractured in the replacement cause. No job is too big or too small.
Palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies, home owners associations and city governments too.
Visit their website palm tree doctor.com for more information including before and after pictures and references.
You can even make an appointment online.
Don't forget if you have sick or dying palms the only people you ought to be calling the palm tree doctor suffered as original palm specialist.
Call them today toll free 1-866-946-3600.
Mentioned that the Elijah show and get you a $30 credit off your initial visit.
About 30 men.
Palm tree doctor today 1-866-946-3600.
Or go online to palm tree doctor.com. That's 1-866-946-3600 for the palm tree doctor when you really want serious results.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Boy! This is your blame.
Doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor.
Any questions?
No.
Friday night is in the White House doing all this presidential bid.
He's there in the Oval Office though he's not sure what an oval is.
Abu Gaur rapes.
His practice in his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be agreed.
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from Iran, you're Iranian.
Saturday he's still no smarter.
They put him to the center and sent for gold.
If it's ain't his brain, it's used for a sign of light to change his plot of ventricle.
Now he goes to give the speech with words that vocab cannot reach. He looks so afraid.
But he won't tell you how it feels instead. He'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make.
He can't fail. He can't cry out loud.
He can't speak. So what he says? No way is it down.
Don't ever clue. No brain in his head. So he just babble down.
Abu Gaur rapes.
He's trying to escape the mystery of this experience.
It's 11.02.05.60.
I'm happy Tuesday too. I'm not going to get into that New Year's crack.
I said I celebrate New Year January 1st.
All of you ethnic and religious dodo birds out there.
No, no, it's alright. It's whatever it is. It's a two-doctor for it.
Get with it. Grow up already. Stop it all in a chachkis.
And the crosses and the crucifixes and the mazuzas are all the Southern nonsense.
Although I do like the dreidel. It's kind of cute.
Yeah, that's a bastard. Try to keep it.
Wait till you hear this, Mr. Raheethan Bastard. We're all going to rot in hell.
When you get to that pearly, the Richard pearly gays.
Linsburg, Virginia. If ever there was an affly named community, this is the one.
Linsburg. Man.
Evangelist Franklin Graham told an audience that Hurricane Katrina could lead away spiritual rebirth.
And what he called a sinful New Orleans.
See, this is why they got the Wacked.
Not once but twice. Twice. They got Wacked.
There's been satanic worship. There's been sexual perversion, Graham said yesterday.
And the parents had Liberty University.
We're only the craziest of the crazy go.
God is going to use that storm to bring revival. God has a plan. God has a purpose.
Said Franklin Graham.
Who courses the son of a Bill Graham?
Yes.
And even crazier than Billy.
Yes.
Graham's comments reported by the news in advance of Linsburg were made at Thomas Road Baptist Church's
Super Conference 2005 at Liberty.
The Church and University of course were founded by the very, very fat and idiotic Reverend Jerry Fellwell,
with or without Tinky Winky, until the tummy.
The good news is that God loves sinners. Jesus Christ is coming back and he's alive.
Said Graham, son, it doesn't need a successor. He's alive. It sounds like something out of Frankenstein.
It doesn't need a successor.
Graham sent us Samiratin's first organization.
It's about 500 volunteers helping put new roofs on houses and clean mud and debris out of homes in Mississippi and Louisiana.
The organization however has been the target of criticism because gift bags distributed into this place children
include Christian tracts and a stuffed land that plays Jesus loves you.
It's always the same crap.
Well, we're going to help you bring a little of food and a couple of chachis, but we also want to convert you.
Just like Mother Teresa used to do the same kind of crap.
We're going to bring you two things, ignorance and chachis.
And an offer you can't refuse.
You didn't forget about that.
Graham didn't meet you in the return and telephone message left by the A&P today.
New Orleans historic St. Louis Cathedral held its first Sunday Mass since the hurricane.
Archbishop Alfred Hughes suggested the city would be built as a community with a stronger moral thread,
free of racial tension and rampant self-indulgence.
But the Roman Catholic leader reassured the congregation that God did not cause the hurricane to punish evil doers.
So now we get the battle again between this, whatever he is, the Roman candidate, the cantaloupe senate Protestants against.
They're right again, just like Northern Ireland.
Who now do we believe?
They're all crazy than a bed bug.
They're all a bunch of grave robbers. They're all businessmen.
That's what it's all about.
They want your money.
They want your brain and they want your money.
And they want your kids so they can brainwash them.
And in some cases, they can abuse them.
Use and abuse.
I'm going to take a look at that poll.
I've been ignoring that. 544.
If we really put our mind to it, we can get like at least 600 a day.
Do you think?
We only apologize.
We only went 3 for 4 in the first hour on the audio fault.
But that's, you know, that's only 750.
Even now, ride to ruin.
Never batted no 750.
Even 10 Williams never came close to that.
So 750 in bed.
544 votes.
What's your take on the new floor to shoot a law?
Huh?
Somebody cuts in funny and line.
If it's a supermarket, they'll crack away.
Okay?
Somebody who looks like they maybe want to take your parking spot
and they give you like an eagle eye.
Somebody pulls up behind you when you're at the ATM and starts walking toward you.
Just as you're about to put your pin in there.
What's your take on the new floor to law?
I love it.
Can't wait to shoot somebody 148.
All right.
Only crazy people can support this 147.
Only in America 105.
I can't believe it's law 86.
I'm out of here 26.
Good, good for you.
Good choice.
Won't change the thing 22 and I support it 19.
So you see, I support it.
It's only got 19.
But I love it and can't wait to shoot somebody 148.
There you go.
That's the kind of people that support this kind of new industry.
That's kind of the kind of government that you've got.
Crazy people.
Although they do love the Lord and choose life.
Don't forget to life.
And then pick out a good one and then they're all like shopping for chickens.
So it ought to take some calls, I would think.
Even of course it is a very similar holiday.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon and Singular Rivals line.
Not somber, but important enough to give people off their ass and to go to show who don't go the rest of the year.
Russia's showing on your own kipper.
These are must show days if you want to show the world you really do it.
You understand?
I do.
Must be there.
WDQAM, hello.
Happy Easter, Neil.
Yeah.
Good one.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm sorry to drag your show down, but can I talk a little hockey with you?
No.
5670560, you must be a crazy person.
How much red did Rimmer pay to make that call, sir?
We're not talking hockey this season or next season, okay?
I'm not blowing away 99% of the audience for the benefit of us hockey fans, okay?
You want hockey, talk to Geldie.
Listen to him tomorrow night.
Don't bug me with your hockey.
And for error has the minute in this new era.
The truck.
There you go.
705202, very.
Pretty good.
Play the world of Kyle, Chris, and he's from play joy.
Chris Welles.
Chris Welles.
There we go.
I call that needs to be said about hockey.
Chris Welles.
That's it.
End of that conversation.
Next.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How do you think the mall is going to do next year?
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I meant to call you last week, but I was busy.
I saw Hank Goldberg on that skyline, Chile.
And I talked to him for a minute.
And when he left, I watched him get into a white conversion van full of groceries.
So, I don't know what that means.
That guy who got his van stolen from his front house.
Off the goal, dirt.
Okay, thanks.
Hank don't drive a conversion van.
He don't buy groceries other than that.
That's where I was.
Norm's groceries.
Good point.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You know what they're doing today?
Charles Besson, he's 82.
Is he really?
Yes, sir.
How appropriate that we got this new lawn Florida?
What is that new lawn?
Just a mentioned gun.
It's not a gun lawn.
Neil's is a self-defense gun.
How big a burden?
It's about a use of belly force when it's authorized.
You can use a spear gun there, right?
Yeah, I can tell you.
What do you use like a crawler gun?
A crawler hammer.
A crawler hammer.
A crawler hammer.
I like that better.
Yeah, you hit him in the balls with that.
Or a power drill.
Power drill would be good.
Doesn't mention guns.
There's another guy trying to defend the defense.
A person mentioned guns.
There's another guy talking about guns.
Guns don't kill people.
Right.
People with guns don't kill people.
They're connected.
Guns don't kill people.
People with guns.
Crazy people with guns.
Kill people.
They play their crap away because they get angry.
It's the American effort way.
You got it.
Don't ever try to reason with those people.
See, that's a religion under itself.
The whole gun thing.
Now, that's way above and beyond any builders.
The gun is to the gun nuts in the NRA.
What the cross is to Catholicism.
What the star of David is to Judaism.
What the, uh, whatever else.
All these others, you know.
What the bald head is to Buddhism.
Is not the similar Buddhism.
Is it rubbing your bald head, your bald spot?
Yeah, and an orange smock.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good morning.
You looked at one Martha Stewart was wearing.
Yes, sir.
I'm kind of sensing to your, uh, you were told it was the new wild, wild, wild, wild, wild, wild, uh, huh?
Yes, I do, sir.
Beamentally.
Only crazy people would want to live in an atmosphere like that.
Well, I don't know.
I'm not going to consider myself crazy.
But I think it's a good law.
I think it's a good law.
You're going to be a good law.
Well, let me just, let me finish.
Because I think it says a serious message that, you know, no longer do you have to, you know,
run away and be shot in the back to kind of defend your home and poverty.
You know, I mean, and that's what the Florida law said back then.
Sure.
You have a capacity way.
You're on a way.
You're on a way.
You're on the way.
You're on the way.
You're on the way.
Before we had this law, the people in Florida very commonly in South Florida.
If they get into an argument over a parking space, they pull out a gun and shoot each other.
You're aware of that.
I think, look, I know your show, you know, survives on a promise of big graduation.
It's our cast not back.
No, wait a minute.
You're going to say, in other words, that doesn't happen.
What I just said, got no one out of the thing.
No, no one out of the thing is, look, people are going to suffer serious legal ramifications if, you know, if it goes down like that.
You, you know, you have to be in fear for your life.
And you get to assume that if somebody's busted through your window, you know, you get to assume they're there to do violence.
You see, you just got through saying about it sending a message.
The message that I see it sends to the public is that now you have, you're more entitled to do these things.
In other words, if you feel that you have a confrontation and somebody is threatening to your life or your world, whatever, just blow them away.
Well, you know, the message, the message very clearly.
There's no question about it.
There is no other message.
No, I disagree.
I think that the little girl sick education or anything, this message I'm trying to emphasize is that it sends their message to the criminals.
But you know what?
I might, I might think second, you know, take a second thought about, you know, being in a zombie house here because, you know, they're able to shoot me coming through the window.
Where is it?
Oh, yeah.
You had to, you had to wait.
Well, let's watch over the next year and watch that.
It's going to be legal, Matt.
There's going to be all kinds of, you know, scenarios.
The message that it sends out, it's like the fat ass governor in the legislature, padding gun nuts on the back and saying,
Go get them.
That's the message.
And you can try in any kind of, kind of, have a little way you want to try to make it into something really great that's going to protect innocent people and all this other crap.
I'm going to tell you again for the alphd, I'm team time.
See, here, they've got recently, last several months in Toronto.
We've got a problem with the crazy people using guns and killing people, which, or, normally, doesn't happen.
Although the number of murders is still, like, under 60 for the year.
You can do that in a good month in Florida.
But the fact is, what they're doing is going after.
They're not easing, they're not making it easier to blow away people who have guns.
What they're doing is they're rounding up the guns and they're going after the gangs and they're, they're, they're, they're, they're like going an apeshmit to do whatever they can to stop this.
As opposed to the US, where, of course, the gun nuts run the country, so as a result, this wild west mentality says, hey, let's just get a whole bunch more guns.
They'll keep all them slime balls away from us. Nobody's ever going to get us.
People that want to own guns are crazy people.
Okay. Unless there's a specific reason for it. See what I'm saying?
Like, he lived in a dangerous place. Like America. Right.
So in that case, I'd go up to 441 when the show was over and I like, I have a whole bunch of them.
Let me say it again for the last 30.
I'm going to make it very, very clear. That's my opinion. People who want to own guns are crazy people.
They have a major law firm.
See, there you go again. There's another one. Crazy people.
1113 at 560 WDQYM in the market for a new car. Well, don't put it off any longer. Get on down and see my good friends at Armstrong Ford Home Stead.
They carry the complete Ford line with great service, less than every day low prices.
Need an F-150 or Ranger? Mustang or Explorer? Armstrong Ford's got him.
When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford Home Stead, not only do you get a great deal,
but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
David Rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price.
And don't forget Armstrong Ford Home Stead is locally owned and operated at a preacher grade just like family.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch, no phony deals.
Armstrong Ford Home Stead, there were 30725 South Fixie Highway, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Armstrong Ford is at US 1 at Southway 307 Street, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
You notice how they put it in their twice in a row? Fatboy?
It'll be nice going fat stuff. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace else in town.
Say it again. Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com, and then give David a call and tell them that Fatboy is a lunatic.
305-247-5112. Thrive a little and save tons at Armstrong Ford of Home Stead.
And by the way, speaking of Fatboy,
this is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6 Q.A.M.
Oh, 5.6 O.W.Q.A.M.
Join the Anorbae Suites, your gun today.
Have yourself a downhooked fish and fire.
And you're all your friends from the 836.
And you're all the family. You're spending your right, you're on a gun.
And when you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter.
And when you catch your heaters, you carry your lights and sewies deadly.
Come on and join today. See America win. We'll be a member of the Anorbae.
A for the Z. A for the Z. I am always a for the head.
In case they're out of time.
You are putting your skin in a war, but I will be there to dispense your rights to our Lord.
Who got that?
And I'm not in time today. And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the Anorbae.
Is that the Anorbae?
598 votes. We might do 700 by no, which means 1,000.
And we like slipping that easy today.
And Russia is shown an Oles. How do you like that? The Goyam are coming through big time.
Or maybe it's because the Jews are all home. They're not working today.
I think that could be it.
And you'll work with the Jews.
You'll have to be in the coffee, patching around on a computer.
You're right. Burn in hell, man. Somebody's going to steal your Mazizza and wrap it around your neck.
And then you'll be more of a less.
What is that spot?
Less what? And more to fill in?
Less taste.
Great.
And more to fill in.
I never forget that day when you're crazy for more accountant.
At Orthodox Jew, he brought in Tefilin and George is sitting there down on the second floor back in the early days.
That was an experience I'll tell you forever.
And wrap the fill in around his arms.
And you can see the circulation.
Your face turning even pastier and wider than it usually is.
It's just really a thing to see.
And then when it started turning about a wider shade of blue, that was interest, right?
And the arm too.
Right. That was really amazing.
Hey, let's wrap the Tefilin and put on our tits and aryomacos and our big, the pay-ass and a whole deal.
So Shia leave you work today, man.
He has definitely got an appointment with the devil.
Make no mistake about that.
Maybe he's a devil's fan.
When he talks to Shia next time, see if he's a hockey fan.
Well, he's from New York, so he could be a, you know, probably a ranger's fan.
Probably that he's hockey like somebody else we know.
I think it sucks.
I bet you if we refresh that, I think it's got over 600 votes.
I could be wrong about that, but that would be quite a feather in our cap, wouldn't it?
It's so full is what I'm seeing.
Guess what Pat Buchanan says.
Oh, it's really funny about these right wingers having a nervous breakdown about Harriet Myers.
Like Rush yesterday.
Oh, she was totally on good.
This is a decision made out of weakness, so that's right.
And so they get, they get Cheney.
They get him out of deepries.
And they have old Dick Cheney.
The old geezer get on the phone and call Rush.
And then he had a call Sean Hannity.
He was also hyperventilating like all the other right wing extremists.
They didn't, didn't pick Eva Brown to be on the court.
Yeah.
Pat Buchanan says, Myers qualifications are none-existent.
Nice job, Pat.
What do you really mean?
What here's what he says?
Here's what Pat Buchanan says, another Nazi and drag.
Handed a, once a, I really just said something when you got a fascist like Pat Buchanan,
a subhuman, anti-human individual who thinks that the Bush people are extreme.
See that, that's intelligence something.
Handed a once in a generation opportunity to return the Supreme Court to constitutionism.
George W. Bush passed over a dozen of the finest jurists of his day to name his personal lawyer.
And a decision deeply disheartening to those who have invested such hopes in him,
Bush may have tossed away his and our last chance to roll back these social revolution imposed upon us
by our judicial dictatorships since the days of Earl Warren.
See now, Pat, reverting to his Nazi past.
This is not to disparage Harry admirers.
From all accounts, he's a gracious lady who spent decades in the law
and served Abelius Bush's lawyer in Texas and for years White House Consul,
and she makes a hell of a weenie.
But her qualifications for the Supreme Court are nonexistent.
She's not a brilliant jurist and he has never been a judge.
She's not a scholar of the law.
Researchers are hard-pressed to dig up an opinion.
She's not had a brilliant career in politics, the Academy, the corporate world-ordered public forum.
Where she's not a friend of Bush and females, she never would have even been considered.
What commended her to the White House in the phrase of the hour is that she has no paper trail.
So far as one can see, this is Harry admirers' principal qualification for the U.S. Supreme Court.
What is depressing here is not what the nomination tells us of her,
but what it tells us of the president who appointed her for insolecting her.
Bush capitulated to the diversity mongers, used a critical Supreme Court seat to reward a crony
and revealed a lack of desire to engage the Senate and fierce combat
to carry out his now suspect commitment to remake the court in the image of Scali and Thomas God forbid.
And picking her a Bush ran from a fight.
The conservative movement has been had, and not for the first time by the name of Bush.
See what I'm saying?
So here's Pat Buchanan, who was saying that these people were too extreme and neo-con,
and now they're not extreme enough for him.
Choosing Myers, the president passed over outstanding judges,
improving constitutionless, like Michael Ludwig of the Fourth Circuit and Sam Lito of the Third.
And if he couldn't take the eat from the first lady ahead of name a woman,
what was wrong with U.S. and public court judges Janice Rogers Brown,
Pizzala Owens and Eith Jones?
What must these jurors think today about their president?
How does Bush explain to his people like Brown, Owens, and Jones were passed over from Myers?
Where was Carl Rove and all of us?
He's so distracted by the Valerie Plain investigation,
he couldn't warn a president against what he'd be doing to his own reputation and coalition?
Re-shapingly Supreme Court is an issue that unites Republicans and conservatives.
And with this White House and party under the offensive for months over Cindy Sheen and Katrina Irraccan New Orleans,
the lay in frisk gas price and immigration,
here was a great opportunity to draw altogether for a battle of philosophies by throwing the gauntlet down to the left,
setting up the name of a Ludwig and declaring,
go ahead and do your worst, we shall do our best.
Do the Bush Arts not understand that conservative judges is one of those issues where the national majority is still with them?
Oh, and your dreams, Pat.
What does it tell us that the White House and the southern herd of the party impresses pointing up that Myers had no paper trail?
What does that mean other than that she's not a wrenquist, not a bork, a scolio or a Thomas?
Conservative cherished justices and judges who have paper trails.
For that means that these women and men have articulated and defended their convictions.
They've written in magazines and large journals about what's wrong with the courts and how to make it right, far right.
They have stood up to the prevailing winds, they've argued for the Constitution as a firm and fixed document,
the founding fathers wrote not something of wax.
A paper trail is the mark of a lawyer, a scolor or a judge who has shared the action and passion of his or her time,
taking a stand to great questions, accepted public abuse for articulating convictions.
Why is a judicial cypher like Harry Myers to be preferred to a judicial conservative like Edith Jones?
One reason.
Because the White House fears nominees with a paper trail will be rejected by the Senate,
and this White House fears above all else losing, so it is chosen not to fight.
Bush had a chance for greatness in remaking the Supreme Court of Chance to succeed,
whereas Republican predecessors from Nixon to his father all failed.
He instinctively recoiled from it. He blew it. His only hope now is that Harry at Myers,
if confirmed, will not vote like the ladies she replaced or worse,
like his father's choice who also had no paper trail, David Souter.
How do you like that? It's your got to be a liberal.
God forbid, we don't want no liberals packed away.
So we went into a pack you can and is foaming at them up and built crystal and Rush Limbaugh and the Unscrew Sean Hannity.
Like that.
Because we didn't pick Abe a Brown or at least Hermann Gehrings Jr. to be on there.
Another Scalia God forbid.
But you'll see they'll manipulate it. First of all, number one, they'll probably get her through,
you know, with flying colors. And number two, once she's confirmed,
or she'll get on there, no manipulate her, just like they manipulate Allah,
like they did with Clara's Thomas. Same thing.
622 votes on a pool. What's your take on the new Florida? Shoot them up, Rob.
Maybe when it doubt, take them out. I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody 157.
Only crazy people could support this 164. Only in America, 112.
I can't believe it's law in 93. I'm out of here. Look how many voted for that.
1.30 man won't change the thing 29. I supported 27.
So most of our audience that are in favor, they don't just support it.
They want to like, you know, start using it.
But if somebody gives you the right to go on, you won't do people away.
Let's do it. I'm making it to the fourth already.
1.30. Go on Saturday and it's Tuesday already.
How many people have you killed so far?
3.30 man. Good job. It's still before Lindo.
That's true. You had a lot of time.
So if we verified that Mo is working on Russia, Sean is that true because that...
Well, I'm going to tell you there's going to be a long line there and then...
...and so on.
If they're... if they're perly gates are ahead of them, what are the gates in hell? Do we know?
Correct.
That's Bill Gates.
I think it's called V Gates.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is five of the gates in hell.
A.H.S.
Absolutely.
I did the day when someone was wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, or when the Japs dropped their bombs, we found them back.
And now the Saudis may hit us hard, and on our cards are little flags waiting.
At that Saudi love and recharge points of others the wrong way.
And I'm embarrassed to be in America where they follow goals like cheese.
There are few United States of America that I wish in this heavenly free.
They got this country.
And they're like tors that are going to stay in our history.
I don't want them to be a tax America in the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past?
If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be.
And I'm embarrassed to be in America where we pay three all of it lead.
Wave a flag in one hand with our head in the sand.
If lightly follow the powers that be, have a fantastic, watching states from you who's on a 65-inch screen.
Scratch your B, find everything's okay.
Welcome, England.
USA.
Well said.
1132 at 560 WQM. Happy Tuesday to you.
I'd probably take at least 300 calls between now and two.
Don't you think a lot of these people all whipped up about this new law?
567-0560.
This is going to send a message to them.
It's going to make life a lot safer for all the rest of us.
I'll see any calls on there though.
I was just going to take a whole bunch.
And when the delay kicks in in about 15 minutes, once they hear the invite,
then it'll be all over the place like stink on gray.
I've got a really good article later about it.
It's going to finally answer the Greg Read dilemma.
I don't want to give you a tip off on this or a heads up.
Where the hell is it?
Like I said, it's a great article.
Oh yeah.
Laird's brains are not the same.
This is from the BBC.
This isn't a joke.
This is about the white matter and the gray matter in your brain and about the liars have this thing.
So like when you do the lobotomy.
WQM, hello.
And Laird's right over here.
WQM, hello.
Any other changes to be from politics and law for a moment, please?
And mention Kira, Augustine, you know, that is?
No.
You got the world's greatest area.
Searched up on the Google man, KIERA, Augustine, the best.
Yeah.
And he puts the phone back in the jerk and off, Neil.
Great.
Okay.
Let's do the phone.
Stop being fun for me.
5667-0560, £560, and leave a rise.
Obviously he's been a busy.
There's no question about that.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil Herman, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, anybody brought up New Hampshire at all with his gun thing?
Brought up New Hampshire?
Yeah, New Hampshire has open gun laws and they have one of these.
What does that mean?
Open gun laws.
They can dare a lot to carry without concealed weapons permit.
All right.
And they have one of the smallest crimes, crime rights in the country.
Yeah, so what does that prove?
Well, you just made the statement of, you know, it's going to be the criminals or it's going to, you know, the criminals better watch out.
The fact that I didn't say that.
But you just said that.
I was joking.
I was being sarcastic about the color I had before.
Oh, okay.
But not even here, and I just got in the car.
The thing about it is, and I'm not, you know, I'm not a gun lover or anything else like that, but statistically it does work.
And it works in New Hampshire anyway.
Sir, let me say this to you, okay?
The gun laws, and for example here, they were so boring for Columbine, Michael Moore pointed out that they got like,
I forgot how many men in guns in Canada, and yet people aren't shooting each other, okay?
They don't kill each other.
But it isn't a mentality.
It isn't the number of guns.
It's the people who have them, and they're, they're attitude about them.
And also, in the case of Florida now, it's what the government says, you shouldn't be doing with them.
You're, you're, it affects your whole attitude about what the gun represents to you.
Absolutely.
I mean, you know, most of the guys that have guns are smaller guys that have been picked on all their lives.
There's no question about that.
That's right George.
Great.
Right George.
Yeah, there you go.
You better watch.
You'll blow your ass away.
Oh, you're right George.
Don't even smell you, right George.
That's right.
Don't even switch to anything about it at a good shot.
Wtc good.
Wtc by m.
Yeah.
Why do you want to see one on the other guy?
He liked his voice.
Wtc by m.
Hello.
Going once.
Going twice.
Wtc by m.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Does he love me that I can't get this all the drivers right I'm driving around because they could pull out a weapon
Hey if somebody if somebody cuts you off in traffic
That's good. Do you want to know never gonna have to get myself a shotgun because I've been shooting the leaf
K47 baby it works every time. They'll never do it again. All right
Yeah, I'll go and the governor will come down well and from the side of your voice to the governor might not to give you a
Metal, but you know instead of a source
Lucky pali all right, so governor don't like them dark folks
You know the Bush family just into crazy about you dark folks. Especially the ones in the you know Katrina aftermath
In fact, how come I don't play that drop in anymore?
It's a good thing that I called because no he reminded me that I'm not the planet
And I don't even know what it's under anymore. Oh gee that's all right, huh?
And you can't help me with that because oh my god
I better explore next half hour
Bush doesn't care about black people that were you got it. Yeah, how'd you get that?
I'm out of from you. Oh, look really well. Oh, I got it. George Bush doesn't care about black people
I told you was Bush doesn't care about black people. George Bush doesn't care about black people
That's right. They don't vote for him anyway. Just like James Baker the turd said
We don't care about those Jews down there in Florida. They don't vote for us anyway back in the fixed election of 2000
Right back when he was getting everything all finagle or now actually he said that back in 90 when Bush one was running
Those Jews down there don't vote for us anyway. And of course they sent it out of Florida in 2000 to help get to fixing with
Cancer and Harris and
Fattage governor all of this stuff and a public just his back see one thing
I'll say the American people now unlike the revolutionary days are the most passive people
They're aggressive only in terms of the criminal
They're very aggressive and of course in terms of the way they use guns. I'll say it again
It wouldn't be a problem if everybody owned a gun if people were like civilized and they had respect for a human life for other people
But America that's not the case. Watch bowling for Columbine again. Watch the statistics
Okay, and see how many gun murders there were in France in that year and in England and in Germany and in Canada and all these other places
Where some civilized people live and then take a look at the USA and then you extrapolate the population like the thing
He does about Windsor Ontario and Detroit, you know
I love when he interviews the police chief in Windsor and he says I ever have any murders here
He said oh, yeah, I had one a few years ago a few years ago
Whoever heard a such a thing a few years ago my ass
The what I look at the reaction there having here about the recent spate of gun murders that are going on in Toronto
You think that the sky was fine because the people just they don't want to live in that kind of environment
They don't put up with it, but in America you just take it for granted like oh gee one other, you know
Ten people got shot murdered over the weekend. Well must not been about that bad of a weekend
Civilized people don't live this way people have any value on human life though live this way
And that's that's why it's so easy to the American people are so malleable now and all these statistics keep coming down
1944 dead soldiers in Iraq and off course, we don't even count the the
Savilians the men women and little babies that are dying over there by the thousands
We don't even keep track of that because there's no premium on human life. It's as cheap as water
Yeah, I'm just what is there to say about it? It's pathetic. It's like cockroaches man. Just step on another one
That's it and yet at the same time. Oh well, man has a soul. You know when you ask well
How come dogs don't go to have a dogs are wonderful noble creatures and the very you know lovable?
Well dogs are man is the only creature that God created with a soul
Well, and if that's the case how come we have such so little value on human life choose life and then go out
Kill one. I guess before you kill somebody got to choose which one right?
So choose a good one and kill it can't be too choosy either
Not a Florida wow
669 votes we're gonna be way over 700 at the top of the hour on Russia shuttling the less eat your heart out
Moishi puppet
Oh you two can turn your pagan ways around at Earl striches
We'll convert any goi for just 99 95 that's right listen to one of our successful graduates
For Ken I shall own Malachi
Alon at Earl striches will convert anyone into a Jew
Translated means sorry. I must have left my wallet at home
Translated means stewardess did you make sure to give me a kosher meal?
Yes, Rabbi the check is in the mail. Yes, you two can convert into a Jew for just 99 95 at Earl striches
Now and get a free yardside candle for just 10 dollars Earl striches will convert any goi for just 99 95 or more if we can
How to how much was a read backwards for Christ?
Anyway, that's in response to this fact here. It says I'm sorry for bothering you who played them earlier
But in celebration the Jewish New Year the Jew year
Can I hear Earl striches and the song that starts the McQueen is Jewish? Could you believe it the only problem with it is
I don't know what that is it's called the whole world is Jewish but I'm right in my thing after whole world is uncut like a star man
Right where the hell is that I don't know tragedy McQueen is Jewish? Could you believe? Huh? I know we got it
It's somewhere. It's Mcluus
Exactly. I know we got it. It maybe it's on a card. Oh God, but I don't got it by the way. I do have the whole world is uncut
I'm not sure we can play that no, I'm not sure
But you've been knocking the Jews for Jesus for a long time and I've been rethinking my whole religious position
Yeah, the sake of efficiency and benefits being a Jew for Jesus means you get to take all the holidays off. Doesn't it?
I've had some thrills in my life
Two fee bags
In sights of life
Such books. I'll also would say nobody lives in a new hamster. Maybe that's why there's no crimes going on
I'm thrilled about my cars
Two quarterbacks and I'm hungry yet
Look a thrill of thrills
That gave my throughout the coat was a thrilling evening
When I think readily
found out
Luis McGal was on circumcised can you believe it?
The movie
With a little flap
Carie Bruce once was what couldn't retrieve it
That's beautiful, but I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna press my loss
You ever see that you'll press your luck? Yeah, I'm not president my president pants, but I'm assuming I'm not pressing my luck
Anyway, what do we got here? We don't want to get joy six hundred ninety votes 14 till the hours
We got like no problem getting over seven hundred by noon. That's shocking man. It is really something right it on the wall market down. I
See what's this other piece of Joanne's his my husband said the supreme court nominee looks like a boozer. Oh well
Hands out with a president
We should vote a winner. Thank our lucky stars. He didn't I'm an a young healthy person. Yeah, she's 60 and maybe she's in
I could be around too long and that'd be great. Yeah, what should be around long enough though?
I think tell them overturned the rovy way in sped all the hysteria of the right wing
You'll see she'll be an easy one to a mold and manipulate and shape remember that song bend me shaping by the who did that
Ben oh
Merck and breed Merck and uh huh bend me who did that
Merck and breed you're very very right. I'm turning what thing man. I know my crap music. I mean, I know my good music from that era
I mean after you get to 1980 I know nothing
See when you're in this business and used to be a district right there. It has been shaping forces it's on
When if you're playing music on the air, that's one thing now when I was at Zeta
I got to know music that I hated because uh the pd. Bolger was the pd
And he had like the same seven cc r records you want to play every day. I had a DJ country music
I don't know if you ever did but well I know I did not and then you got to sound like you like it here comes
Waitling Vending Vey
Waitling you see any
Oh, right and it makes me want to get on that time life website and start ordering the great country hits
I do like Marty Robertson. I've been caught in the sport coronation. That's about it. There's about like five
six ninety four the votes are trickling in one at a time now you'd folks better get with it
If you if you like tail off on the pull right now leave us hanging here. That's going to be really embarrassing
Anyway, uh, this is from the Boston Globe. Let me say it again. Harry admire. She was uh heavily involved in Texas in the valley of
You Christian church. She was a real heavy duty going with this real right wing fundamentalist church
Who especially was that they they ministered to ex-gay
Which is code for uh, she's in the closet
In fact, I I'm surprised she's in the Scientologist. Oh, they don't quite that whole at the ex-game movement is the same thing as a Scientology
It's a big closet. That's like the Catholic priesthood same thing
Supreme court nominee Harry admirers went on record favoring equal civil rights for gays when she ran for the Dallas City Council
And she said the city had a responsibility to pay for AIDS education patient services
But Myers opposed repeal of the Texas Sodomy statue to law overturned in 2003 by the court on which she will sit if confirmed
And a survey she filled out for a gay rights group during the successful
1989 campaign she opposed repeal of the
Sodomy statute almost makes me want to play that. I in fact, you know what I'd like the best about that is in the just the first note the first sour while we say
It's just it's fans like angel deity by words the individuals the survey by the lesbian gay coalition of Dallas provides a hit of Myers thinking on
Homosexual rights issues that could come before the court all as she came to a coalition meeting to answer questions during the campaign
She said at the time she was not seeking its endorsement
These Supreme courts struck down the prohibition on consensual homosexual sex by 63 vote
Just a sand to gay old counter who Myers has nominated replaced voted with a majority
Myers answered yes to the survey question
Do you believe that gay men and lesbians should have the same civil rights as non gay men and women?
She answered no when asked whether she believed both had a citizen as a religious writer that criminalization of the private sexual behavior of
Concenting adult lesbians engaged should be taken out of the Texas criminal code
She said Dallas had a responsibility in AIDS education treatment
And that she favored more money being spent in that area assuming need and resources and a partridge in a pair of trees
He's very ambiguous. He's all over the place. He's a writer like she's a fetus hugger and you'll see they'll get her right in there
And but a big they'll make magic
Speaking of religions and crazy people in priests and all your kids are out of school today because it's a Jew holiday
Let me say it again your parents. They may not be bad people
But they've been brainwashed just like their parents were before them and they've been you know
Condition to lie to you and tell you all these terrible things about you know the two theory and about Santa Claus
And all these are the boogie man under the bed and about God and Jesus and Abraham and Solomon and Abraham songs
So they lie a lot so just use your own brain and ask yourself does any of this make any sense and of course the obvious answer is no
So just tell them next time they want to schlep your ass to show tell him cuxle hoys and you know and go out and get laid or something like that
Go out and have a good time go get a hot-pot Sunday
Judge says priests likely killed two people in 2002 too many didn't move to Florida
You could have gotten them off so to speak a judge ruled yesterday that a Roman Catholic priest who hanged himself in December
You ever heard of a hung priest almost certainly killed two people at a funeral home more than three years ago
Circuit judge Eric Lundell's finding came in the case of referendum
Ryan Erickson who committed suicide after being questioned by police about the 2002 slaying
Oh my god
I conclude that Ryan Erickson probably committed to crimes in question
Lundell said the end of a day long hearing on a scale of one to ten I will consider it a ten
It is a very strong case of circumstantial evidence the whole world is circumstantial
The testimony also established a possible motive for the slaying the funeral director suspected the priest was
molesting children and planted confront him in the day of the killings
How do you like that?
The funeral director suspected the priest was molesting children and planned to confront him the day of the killings
For the coincidence it sounds like the made and it sounds like he did confront at the hearing a decontestify the Erickson confided that he shot to the funeral home director
Dan O'Connell 39 and
Employ James Ellison 22
He tells me I'd done it and they were going to catch me I'd done it. This is in Wisconsin
Yeah, I don't think they spent a while Hudson Wisconsin probably much of red next he tells me I'd done it
They were going to catch me decon Russell on gruntestify. They were going to catch me did learn all them little kids
Although Erickson cannot be charged the victim's family's requested the hearing to determine who is responsible for the killings
The so-called John Doe hearing is used only in a few states
Typically as an investigative tool the hearing was closed to the public but some reporters were allowed to attend
The data funeral director was killed he asked school der a bus driver Mary Paygle if she'd ever seen the priest touch a child in
Appropriately and said he had a meeting with Erickson that afternoon payable testified
Paygle said he wore dole-conno not to meet the priest alone
She said she urged him to talk to police first then told me I can handle it paygle said
Well guess what then?
Police be the lady vocale was shot once in the heat and Ellison was killed when he came into the office to see what happened
Erickson 31 was found hanged December 19 from a fire escape its name Mary's church in Hurley
Seven days after he was questioned by Polaries and denied any involvement the killing he hung he hung himself
I like that just like that Roman banker that for the banker for the Catholic Church Calvary of Roberto Calvary
Roberto Calvary and come to find out he didn't hang himself
That's right
Come to find out that there were certain people are the mob in the church and some other crooks who wanted him out of the way
Roberto Calvary
702
702 on a happy-jewel year today happy rochashona
Of course from noon to three on some station to be rochashona
Want it now what to go?
They'll be popping pills to celebrate
What's your take on a new Florida shoot them up law? They like it man
Make no mistake about they've taken pull after pull after pull and the gun crazy Florida people they love it man
Let me shoot somebody we got to protect ourselves and our families and our dogs and parakeets from all those slime balls
I've been dirt bags so do you recommend a larger handgun like a block with 15 shots or I recommend in a k-47 for everybody
You can't really conceal that take it to school and then take it to school
705 votes only crazy people could support this that was my vote one idiot you have to be
Certified well, you have to be like a one of the beeslies. I love it. I can't wait to shoot somebody one seventy eight
Only in America one twenty even jane the americans can't believe it. How's jay black doing?
I can't believe it's law one oh nine won't change a thing thirty nine
I support it thirty seven. I'm out of here thirty four
They're on the way to San Jose or any place that ain't Florida. Which even without the laws a good idea believe me get out of there
It'll rot your brain here then I think it's the mold in the middle you myself
Isn't that what it is? Okay, I'm speaking of brain here's that story that I threatened to read about Greg read
I mean about the people who lie a lot
In fact, the amount of ages Greg there they wonder because it is a Jew holiday
Get you
What do you expect from a boy?
A habitual liars brains differ from those of honest people a study says a university a southern California team studied 49 people have found those known to be pathological
Liars had up to 26% more white matter than others in their brain
How do you like that white matter transmits information and gray matter processes it having more white matter in the prefrontal cortex may aid
The researcher said isn't that something the three of the seatful persons brain is different
But the British journal psychiatry said there were likely to be more differences in the brains of liars
Participants were volunteers drawn from five temporary implement agencies in LA three separate groups were studied
The first consisted of 12 men and women with a history of being pathological liars the second was
21 people who did not have a history of lying or anti-social behavior
The third group was 16 people at antisocial personality disorder, but no history of pathological lying
They were studied to see if they showed the same brain makeup as liars the researchers drew up list of criteria for lying
Sheeding and deceiving including habits such as
Conning people or behaving manipulatively and telling lies in order to obtain sickness benefits
They also assessed how much gray and white matter people had in the prefrontal cortex areas of their brains using
MRIs liars were found to have between 22 and 20 for a six percent more white matter than either those with no history of lying
Were those in the antisocial group the findings could not be explained by differences in age ethnicity IQ head injury or substance misuse
This is the first study to show a brain difference in people who lie cheap manipulative as the researchers said
They said the study could help researching areas such as people who feign illness
The findings are in line with previous studies which showed children with autism are less capable of lying than other children
How do you like that? So it's in the brain
In the brain and to be honest with me never even knew Greg had one
This is me no Roger
This is five sixty all fine bird wouldn't put up with that
Ah one moment please
Please bear with us. I can't hear you department without paying partusey at the moment
You're out playing with each other and as a result the audio quality is to blossom as they say in China
Yeah, I'm sure there's more than that. Wow twice in one break
I'm glad
Let's hear it for our QI engineering department that fine piece of equipment the a b the audio
This is what you want all day. I'll do my own music here too. I have like doing them a music. All right
Oh, yeah, that is spicy
Oh my god, just the boys
Oh
We got we got it back oh
This decay I like to relax my other marimaggle and massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers welcome one hour
All right
Oh
Great and soul, shoot, breathe, bow and gall,
Bring us the Lord's heart, praise and hold.
Absolutely.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, he means, oh he means.
I've talked about all the other cockerites.
It's 12.04.456.W.Q.A.M.
I got my own music here.
My philharmonic is all right.
Because I'm sure we'll hear more now.
We'll hear more now.
I love this.
The next song.
Alright.
Multi-bago.
I hear I was afraid to play something lame.
Pulling, pull-wise, pull-wise.
And that's one of my favorite scenes from the whole movie.
Oh yeah, I love it.
Anyway, we'll be a little godfather intensive because we're sure the audio vault's going
to trample out again over and over and over again.
Now is anybody like addressing the situation?
I don't want to be a comedian.
We are working on it right now.
George of course isn't.
George of course was in here.
Well, if we don't have fix it, if we will, all the way to the top to George of course.
So this must be some serious business because if it was just like your plane or
a pedestrian problem, we'd probably have fix it in there dittling around.
You know what a big screwdriver?
Or that was Steve Ziggler, you said that big dragon is screwdriver.
I never thought.
I never thought.
Oh, I see.
He never showed me his screwdriver.
Oh, he had a huge one.
729 votes on the poll.
What's your take right now?
I don't even want to read it.
I want to keep reading it because what's the use?
You know, it's like banging your head against the wall.
It's like talking to these people about all these religious, all these bubble miceies.
Let's get a whole bunch of calls in between now.
I know while the phone's still working anyway.
5667, 0560 and 0560 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
I'm so proud of my little studio here by the way.
I'm so proud of it.
WNQA and hello.
Hey, Noah, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, I got to ask you a question.
What ever happened to the blomster?
Whatever happened to him?
Yeah, he's still on here anymore.
Not that I know of.
He probably went back to the cornfields in Iowa.
Who now knows?
I used to like your outlaw cards.
What?
Yeah, always still have the blomster.
I mean, we got him, you know, we got him doing...
I just know he was dead.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we went on foot.
This is my story.
Hey, yeah, the TV's working.
What?
Christopher's movie network.
Yeah.
It was on TV a couple of weeks ago.
Christopher Reeve, what is up with that soon he's wearing?
That's like 80s to the men.
Christopher Reeve isn't a network.
So what movie is he wearing?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Christopher Reeve isn't a network.
That was a network with Christopher Reeve.
No.
You might be talking about that movie the George was telling yesterday.
What was it?
Broadcast.
There was a broadcast.
Are you guys going to listen to this?
It's not my favorite.
Oh, yeah.
That was it.
Broadcast news.
There you go.
Okay.
Well, I'll straighten you out, Pallie.
You got to get it all straight.
Christopher Reeve.
And you know, he even Josh knows that Christopher Reeve was now.
It might have been after you fell asleep in that part.
There was Candy Cowley, by the way, who fills up my whole screens.
And look at that.
She is just a monstrous in the news of broadcasting industry.
And she, Candy Cowley.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, my God.
We are the regular TV-caller in months on this show.
No, my radio's on.
How can I be okay?
Check this out, Neil.
You're going to buy your radio on a 10-year delay if you get about that.
Yes.
You got to do this.
You got to have a single night or like a single thing on your website for like women who want to meet men.
What would you do if you were a child?
I only want to date somebody who lives in the CEO.
I've been listening to you for 20 years.
I would do if you were a child.
Have you heard these callers and you want to date one of them?
Yeah.
No, not yet.
But you know, what would you do it?
No.
Okay, fine.
See you.
What would you do it?
No, okay, my will.
At least you was short and sweet.
We're talking about a adultery section for the website.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
We're not going to be doing.
I thought it was going to be on the set and crazy.
I didn't say anything.
I wanted nudity.
I'll draw you a picture.
I didn't say anything.
I'll draw you a picture.
I'll draw you a picture.
Go find some naked real women.
Okay, forget about animated.
Well, maybe that's the best you can do.
Okay, forget about animated.
Yeah.
I just never was really all that excited about
the part-heart nudity for an hour of free time.
No, really, I didn't.
Please.
739 votes on the poll.
Okay, you can't say on the poll right after that call.
Because Joyce will get all of them out of shape.
I'm going to take on the new Florida Shoot-A-Map Law, baby.
When it's out, take them out.
I can't allow it to miss anything.
You both chow those.
When it's out, let's take them out.
739 votes.
Only crazy people can support this 196.
I love it.
Can't wait to shoot somebody.
187.
Let's work in QAM.
Only in America, 126.
Can't believe it's law 114.
Won't change a thing, 42.
I support it, 39.
I'm out of here, 25.
I'm already out of there.
Thank God for that, boy.
I'm kissing the ground.
I'm kissing the ground.
I'm not out of here.
Kissing it, huh?
Didn't sound like the ground.
Do I trust me?
High court, let's stand no Bible ruling.
To many faithful readers, the Bible is a timeless source of inspiration.
By the way, all your kids out there, the Bible is a pack of idiotic lies written by superstitious archaic men.
Written by a man, four men who created their God in their own image and with their own foibles and superstitions.
It's crap.
Don't waste a moment reading it.
Okay?
Don't waste your time.
Somebody gives you a Bible.
Burn it.
To many, or just flush it down the toilet.
To many faithful readers, the Bible is a timeless source of inspiration, wisdom and compassion.
But when judges discovered that deliberating jurors in a calibrator murder trial had consulted a copy of the Holy Scriptures before delivering their verdict,
the defendant's death sentence was overturned as biased and unreliable.
Sounds kind of like suspended seconds, huh?
Suspended seconds.
In this room, amen.
So you're gonna have to play.
I am the rest of the year.
Stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter, stutter.
He killed us.
I'm gonna get up and crack dance with him.
I beg your pardon?
This makes me want to dance a gig.
Yeah.
Are you starting to get rid of that racial stuff, huh?
You and Bill Bennett.
I don't know any reals.
Although prosecutors asked the US Supreme Court to take up the case that refused without comment on Monday,
the second guest to calibrator judges,
because the state court decision stands, convicted murderer Robert Harlan will be held in prison for the rest of his life,
rather than facing the death penalty.
The case raises fundamental questions about what role if any religious faith should play in the American American American justice system.
I can't stand the way he says that.
You know, I know you like him.
And he who built Bill Curtis.
Bill Curtis.
On a American justice.
You know, he's on A and E. He's almost every show they go.
Oh, I don't have an opinion about it.
Yeah, you do.
You argued with me that one time.
I thought that he's good.
He's got a great voice.
But he's like, over melodramatic and he really lays it on to American justice.
I just can't work for him.
He just drives me nuts.
The case raises fundamental questions about what role if any religious faith should play in the American justice system.
By refusing to take it to the high court leaves in place, a patriarchy conflicting rulings by state and federal judges across the country over what to do about bibles in the jury room.
When in doubt throw them out.
Okay.
Flush them down the turlent.
In addition to Colorado, the Supreme Court of Kentucky, Oklahoma and Tennessee suggests Bob and Houston,
deliberations undermines the defendant's right to a fair trial.
That is shocking, isn't it?
I love it though.
In those states, Kentucky, Oklahoma and Tennessee, the Supreme Court of those states suggests Bob and Houston,
deliberations undermines the defendant's right to a fair trial.
I say, hallelujah.
I'm going to spend my time in this list.
I don't know if that's a couple of things.
First of all, I don't have time, Bob.
Sorry, we love you.
The central issue in Colorado versus Harlem was whether a jurist's citation of two Bible passages to fellow jurists undermined the defendant's sixth amendment right to a fair trial.
Juris are routinely told throughout a trial that through the basic deliberations in the case solely upon the evidence presented in court and the judges' instructions on the applicable law, the applicable law,
the repeatedly cautionable void news coverage of the case that might include details about the crime or the defendant that the judges decide to exclude from the jury's consideration.
But the jurors in Mr. Harlem's trial were also told by the judge that it was their job to make an individual moral assessment that death is the appropriate punishment rather than life in prison.
For many individual, I got to interrupt this to do the break.
I don't want to like short changes, but this is heavy duty stuff, man.
It's about all these fairy tales, all these religions, all these Bible thumperies, all these...
What about crazy dangerous people?
Besides, we don't know how long the break is going to take.
Well, in that case, I think it's going to work this time.
I have a thing I can't pay my fee. I can't be paid so...
What do they call this, then?
That's a lot of things that I can't afford.
Is it a tortellini?
I've tried a tortellini. It's a tortellini, man.
And you know what Lucas said? He said, you were a real wiener if you can't do a tortellini, but it's a tortellini.
Oh, Lucas, won't see... Won't see Paulie no more.
What do you think about when Clemensica got out of the car? In fact, he created a new river in New York. He took such a big leak. That was shocking.
12-13.
President, and we want to back, Baba.
Let's take a vote right now.
George W. Bush, your bill Clinton. We want Baba back.
Yeah, no more bubble mice these days. We want Baba Clinton back. Now, you can even bring Monica in there for a little oral amusement.
Hey, my friends, the dollar mattress have an unbelievable offer for you right now. When you call 1-800 macries, you can get a free tank of gas.
A free tank of gas. Take a full amount of any gas received after your next mattress. Up to 10% of your purchase.
So in other words, if you spend 50 bucks at the pump, take 50 bucks off any purchase of $500 and more. Now, 50 bucks, what's that about?
Four gallons?
And you'll save more gas by skipping those phony sales this Columbus Day weekend. If the department stores rather so-called macries stores double the price and then offer you half off, what kind of a deal is that?
It's just airs out since make believe. So call 1-800 macries and get the best deal. Choose from the complete line of Celi, Certa, Simmons, King Curo, Tempurpedic, and Stearns and Banana Sposter. When you call 1-800 macries, you still pick the day in time for delivery within any tour window.
Seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night, even Columbus Day, and they show up on time.
So don't waste time in mind. Drive it around and shopping for a mattress. Do this smart thing. I've been doing it for years and the other folks at QMR catching on out too.
Just call 1-800 macries to log out of macries.com for the easiest pieces of shopping you could ever do. And keep in mind, a portion of every purchase goes through Katrina, Hurricane Katrina Relief.
Call 1-800 macries to be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATTRES. Leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendus Sensational Savings.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QA FA.
Dance for nothing. How are you Anderson? How are you doing? Good. I'm really good.
Obviously you have your ampily endowed. We'll get to that. You need to be thanked. You're not in a good way.
Let's go to some calls. New Orleans, Louisiana. Hello. Speak up. Go ahead.
Tarzana, California. Hello. Hi, Larry. Hi. Pam. You know how to read? No. No. I said I've never read a book.
Windsor, Ontario. Hello. Pam, I know you asked your fans not to eat at KFC because it's cruel to chicken. Yeah. But is it true you're also asking them not to drink a DRAGATERAID? Because it's cruel to our Gators? Yes.
Why? Why? I don't like where it comes from. I don't like the cruelty that's involved in just watering. And it's just so inhumane how they handle their animals.
Thank you, Simpson. Nice having you with us.
Pamela Anderson, a little joke, therefore. Very little.
Seven six eight. We've got to get to about 800 by the bottom of the hour. We're going to make a thousand there. I think I can smell it.
Smiley. We're coming to mind when you hear all this God-poly music.
So as my imagination, I'm sure that George Corset had a fabulous job in fixing that audio ball, but it sounded like muff and the first spot there was like in the Orleans.
We said the same thing. We were having a conversation about that. That sounded really funky that first spot. And I think it was okay.
Why? We're playing spots out of the main studio right now. I thought you said that it was thickest. Well, they're fixing it. That's why we've been having our issues.
I see. Right. It's in our issues. Anyway, getting back to this very important story about the Bible and all these other fairy tales on a junior day.
But the jurors and Mr. Harlem's travel also told by the judge that it was their job to make an individual moral assessment that death is the appropriate punishment, the rather than life in prison.
From any individuals, making such a moral assessment involves deeply held beliefs about right and wrong that touch on matters of religious faith, religious faith.
Oh, my God. If jurors are permitted, even encouraged to use their religious beliefs as a basis to reach a verdict in the death penalty case, prosecutors in the Harlem case asked why would consultation with a religious text automatically invalidate that approach?
The Bible episode arose after a long day of deliberations into the Harlem case. One juror in particular said he was reluctant to support a death sentence because it clashed with his faith.
The jurors first name, he zoos. Oh, hey, Zeus. That night, several of these sequestered jurors consulted by the Bibles in their hotel room seeking passages to counter the jurors' concerns.
The following day, at least one of the jurors brought a Bible to the deliberations to share her research with other members of the jury.
The juror quoted Leviticus 24-21, which reads in part, I for an I too for a tooth, he that killeth a man, he shall be put to death.
Oh, this is that loving and compassionate God. It says, be sure and kill all your enemies and don't miss any of them.
The juror also pointed to Romans 13-1. Let every soul be subject to the governing authorities for there is no authority except from God and the authorities that exist are put in by God.
By noon that second day, the jury returned a unanimous verdict of death. Well, if you're going to ask God, naturally he's going to say kill him. Kill a son of a bitch, right?
Right, aren't. That this judge who reversed Harlem's death sentence said the jurors improperly relied on a biblical code to dictate their verdict. In effect, the Bible became a 13th juror in the deliberations.
Jury resort to biblical biblical code has no place in a constitutional death penalty proceeding to judge set. And he, of course, is absolutely correct.
In a 3-2 decision, the Colorado Supreme Court agreed ruling that using a Bible in the jury room during deliberations undermines a capital defendants right to a fair court trial.
Don quick, who used to drive a Jackson raceway, by the way, don quick districts attorney in Breton, Colorado says in his US Supreme Court brief that the Colorado high court ruling means that the mere presence of a Bible during death penalty deliberations automatically prevents a fair decision.
Mr. Quick says the correct question should be whether the Bible exerted any improper influence upon the jurors.
Harlem's attorney chief of public deputy public defender Kathleen Lord, my sweet Lord, disagrees with Quick's assessment.
This is not a case involving the mere presence of a Bible during deliberations, he says in a brief rather than the district court made extensive findings as to the jurors actual use of mandatory death penalty passages from the Bible during deliberations.
When questioned under oath on a post trial hearing the jurors denied that the Bible passages dictated their deliberations inverted, the judge rejected their testimony, is not being credible noting discrepancies among the various jurors accounts of the deliberations.
The judge said that the Bible is not a case of a Bible during the deliberations, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony
the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony
the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony, the judge rejected their testimony
중 Hampshire footing khaykall****
the
charge with breaking his jail cell
door
poor line will man he is having real problems
yeah just bad luck
line will take the youngest child in modern u.s history to be sentenced to life in
prison has another worry on his back now
the eighteen year old
man is facing a said man
man my ass
no
the eighteen year old brown man is facing a secondary misdemeanor charge for
allegedly breaking the glass on his jail cell door
boy this uh... line was got serious problems
i think mommy ought to be lucky there with him right
she still f.h.p in it
yeah thanks
as it stands to this already facing a potential life sentence a connection
with his arrest after a dominoes pizza delivery man was held up in may
acting circuit judge joe las was expected your evidence on that case
october fourteen
tape was twelve years old when he paid leave the six-year-old playmate Tiffany
unique
in his peggart park home in nineteen ninety nine
and appeals correlated reverse the conviction cited concerns about what the
state understood legal proceedings he served three years in juvenile detention
was released on probation january two thousand four in november
determined that they did violated terms of probation the b.s. uh... deputy
spondyman park about two thirty in the morning with a knife
last year sallot and go free tacked on extra five years was in your
probation
issued a clear warning that he would have zero tolerance for any future
violations
and addition to the pizza hold-up case
tape must now answer charges related to this more reason incident
on august twenty fifth date was kicking in bang on his jail cell door then
through a hard-tested box at the glass shattering it
b.s. o spokesman jim leydall said this morning
it found guilty on the charge he faced a maximum of sixty days in prison could be
fired up to five hundred bucks
when you're on probation for murder you're supposed to behave yourself late all
said
any kind of violation of the law considered the president of rest of your life
you've done me a quiz when you do fair amount get with it line all
although i do like his prensets
yet a lot of fun
twenty seven past noon we got the moment to return to the day
the
back
four
kimbo campers because he's not Jewish
and a capitol who is a ten o'clock tonight any don't care with all the
gambling he's not a burden hell anyway right
no doubt
american residential lending wants to make your life a little bit easier with
over twenty years experience a rl offers custom loan programs and future
situation
whether it's the wife nagging you to remodel a kitchen or you're looking to
put a pool in the backyard
we're just looking to wipe out mountains and mountains of credit card debt
american resident lindie can get it done for you
so called else in your core at american residential and they got more than two
decades experience in the mortgage business
and i system or than a hundred whole sale in there's a rl can cut your
core mortgage payment by two five hundred bucks
had a refund and she generates a quick cash or even do a home equity loan for
you
and they do it with personalized service and a program that is made for you
and
when you close along with these folks they'll give you a free seven day
care of being cruised out to celebrate can't beat this anywhere
so call american residential lending today at eight six six
move a rl
that's one eight six six
six six eight thirty two seventy five
we sure tell them that old meal
toward a call
this is a meal
Roger
this is five sixty two
eight
work like a charm
uh...
four
four control protection
where the guitar on my
knee
while they died in the way
the end up I raised
cash for the g-o-k-e
themes
hass
We've got some big frustrations, a big problem with Pinton 2, in his Asian nation,
He's talking about more than I've used.
We want no bivylation, and like we've got to be real nice,
Because with no hesitation, they love to take our fight.
So what's the provocation, then the game was a chis-sate?
The push in in the station wants to start what they create.
That's a hell of a mistake, oh, sing, not really tough.
Feeling with no career, a wreck is bad in the hotel,
Feeling with no career, I say, oh, best, best, here's to cuddle and just stroke out.
But we might just request, feeling with no career, feeling with no career,
Feeling with no career, feeling with no career, feeling with no career,
Feeling with no career, I'm tired of it.
Can we get the message?
Company 3, 20 show to 1, any of you punks out there,
Anybody says, hey, why not sign up and join the military and the one answer?
No, this is the appropriate one, two letter words.
No, real easy.
And most languages, same thing.
No.
Nine, nay.
Brittany Spearsch has all in support of Hurricane Relief.
Oh, right.
U.S. pop princess Brittany Spearsch is giving her all to help victims of Hurricane Katrina in the state of Mississippi,
Even one of her bras, the eBay auction site, be showing.
The 23 year old, let me ask you, if you had Brittany Spears' bra, would you sniff it?
Hopefully.
What?
I don't want her bra.
There are a lot of guys like that, man.
They like sniffing panties and underwares.
I know.
I don't want her bra to sniff it or anything else.
Would you, would you sell it?
Okay.
The 23 year old former teen queen, fan core of provocative stage outfits, is donated a treasure trove of a person life,
including a two piece sofa, a bikini, and a jewel encrusted brazier, a jewel encrusted brazier, to be auctioned off to help victims.
I bet the judge should pay a pretty penny for it.
No.
I'm good.
Penny?
A product.
How about an ugly penny?
The white stone undergarment worn by the singer and by the way, the spot breaks are, the level is so low, this last break that I was like,
like I was on the North Pole and you were on Uranus.
I mean, just a million miles away.
What's with that?
What up with that?
Well, no worries.
It's not on the air like that.
Well, some of the words, if I can't hear it, it does make any difference.
That would you try to say?
Meaning, like I had to turn the return on it.
I just pretend I'm near the ring.
I just pretend I'm near the ring.
I return on it.
I'm near five minutes into the day or whatever it is.
I just, because I can't hear it.
The white stone undergarment worn by the singer and one of her music videos, sports a variety of sizes of round white stones and silver-tone beads,
and this intricately designed bra, coined online auctioner eBay.
It's an intricately designed bra.
It's got spaces for like four boobies in there.
The sparkling brow, which has already garnered offers up to 610 bucks in the online auction that begin on Saturday will end the last week,
sports a broken link in the centerpiece connecting its cups eBay.
And on it, oh damn, a broken link.
A 2P6, this is so asmonite.
It's a, it's a lot better than the, than Jesus on the Virgin Mary on that sandwich.
And how much did they give for that thousands, right?
30 grand or something?
Something that was bought at the end.
A 2P6 eats sofa owned by Spirits is also underblocked with $560 in bit so far, with an oversized day bed not sitting up to a $390 bucks so far.
A white 2P swimsuit once worn by the shapely singer, as fetched bits of up to 320 bucks, only $320 for a swimsuit?
I'd have thought that would be like getting the big bucks.
Of course, I forget a lot of those heavy breathing people, they just, they can't afford.
Other items include shoes, hats, and maybe Bill O'Romio buy for you.
Shoes, hats, handbags, t-shirt, jewelry, a pair of rare jeans, and a set of bar stools.
Well, a set of Britney Stools proceeds from the Seattle go to a Mississippi hurricane recovery fund, which on Saturday,
staged a concert in Mississippi to benefit victims of the storm that struck the Audi Audi.
Spirits last month gave Brad Bertha her first baby with her very obnoxious and extremely ugly husband, Kevin Feederline.
He is grotesque, man, he'd be bad.
And the school.
He must have something that don't need the eye. I'll tell you that.
820 votes.
That's not cool.
We're going to make a thousand or guess what?
We're taking the rest of the week off.
How do you like that?
Is that an ultimatum or what?
I've ever heard of.
We're either going to get that thousand votes by two o'clock or we're out of here.
We're van moosen for a while.
Young women speaking of Britney, this is kind of like a little segue here.
Young women lead the way in tearing down sex taboos as a new U.S. survey.
All these surveys, man, they ever wonder about all these different organizations and all these surveys and who all these people are,
why they're wasting their and who else paying for all this crap, probably off.
Young women are leading the way in tearing down sexual taboos in North America, where teenagers are having more sex
and younger age than their parents and grandparents.
A news star, a sure survey shows.
Oh, right.
Free willing young women in the U.S. and Canada first have intercourse at the age of 15, partake more in oral sex than previous
interracions and are far less brutish according to a landmark to report by researchers at California San Diego State University.
Between 1943 and 1999, the age of first intercourse dropped 15 to 15 from 19 for females, while the percentage of sexual active young women rose to 47% from just 13% in 1943.
According to the study that appears in the most recent issue of review of general psychology, which I'm sure you read every month religiously all the time.
Feedings of sexual guilt plummeted especially among young women.
Attitude toward premarital sex became dramatically more liberal over the same period, the analysis of 530 studies spanning five decades, and volume more than a quarter million young people be saying.
Over the same 56 year period, approval premarital sex increased from 12% to 73% among young women, while the figure rose from 40% to 79% among young men according to the study.
There's a 6% missing there, and of course they're having premarital sex with each other.
The change in young women's beliefs about premarital sex was enormous at gene 20 as in 20, your magic, primary, or fronty, a psychology professor at San Diego State who co-authored a report with Brook Wells City University of New York.
Wonder she's a kind of Jennifer Wells, or maybe Orson Wells, or maybe Chris Wells, or their oil wells.
Cultural influence was so much stronger for women than men, and that was true across behaviors that attitudes that parents have also had an influence.
She said about the report that tracked baby boomers, Generation X, and the current generation young people whom 20 calls Generation Me.
Yep.
No, Me.
Well, the study revealed that the massive cultural revolution that swept North America in the past 30 years.
About 30 men.
And contributed dramatically to the shift as movies and television shows tackled formerly taboo topics such as teenage pregnancy, abortion, sexually transmitted diseases, and rape.
This shift to more liberal sexualized and citizen behaviors, kind of the neatly sexual revolution, has dramatically altered American culture, especially for women and reports said.
The baby boomers of the 50s and 60s began having sex for the first time in college.
While the youngsters today having sex for the first time in high school, there's been a major shift there trying to say.
But while their baby remodeled and sisters were having less sex with more people, young people now face with an AIDS epidemic and more sex with fewer partners that were put into care.
More sex, fewer partners.
More taste, less to fill them.
These sexual revolutionists meant that sexual practices that were frequently reviled by earlier generations, especially oral sex, were becoming far more acceptable and widespread.
Like my mother once said to me, are all sex can you imagine?
The percentage of teenage, and then she looked at me, said, oh, I'm sorry.
The percentage of teenagers and young adults having oral sex increased from 48% and 69% to 72% and 92% among young men.
How do you like that?
Oral sex has become so popular in previous generations that was considered disgusting.
Now young people see it as another way being sexual, but he said it's also part of the general friend of sexual behavior moving away from marriage and reproduction and toward pleasure.
Oh, he missed it, pleasure. What a disgusting thought.
We're all going to burn in hell. No mistake about that.
Pleasure, my ass.
19 to 1. That's what Duff said this morning.
You're fairy.
19 to 1 at 5. 60 to 1. That's when Josh ran out of the room.
I think he ran out taking number four at that point.
835 votes on the poll. Look at that.
We are going to make a thousand just like sliding off Iraq.
When you're shopping for shoes, you know what it's all about.
You're looking for a great deal. You're looking for comfort and fit and a good price.
So do the smart thing and get over to Brandy's shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style of name brand shoes.
Not off brands that nobody ever heard of before.
Brandy's carries a humongous, unbeatable selection of all the top brands, major brands, the best in the business like rock port,
floor shine, echo, new balance, mafisto, SES, a lot more to.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you've got a customized perfect video your favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just ask for Arnie. He'll take care of you.
And if Brandy's chances are you'll never hear no, we don't have that style in your size.
Whatever you like, whatever style appeals to you. It's on the shelf.
We're going to just slap on your fat feet right now.
And the pros and Brandy's understand fit and comfort.
They specialize even in wide wits as well.
And don't forget Brandy's worth a trip from just about anywhere in town.
For comfort style, fit, value and selection.
Always think of Brandy's shoes. They were 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach open daily.
Monday through Saturday till 9 Sunday still 5.
And right now it's a great time to buy SAS at Brandy's this week because all great men's and women's styles are 20, 30,
30, or 40 dollars off suggested retail prices.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at BrandyShoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they go back out.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi but it's not there any more.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they go back out.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and be great when they go out and say, Mommy!
I don't like it with the lines.
I said, Mommy!
I feel a lot less likely when we're the mommy.
Yeah, I haven't been to this side.
Mommy, since they just couldn't get your cab.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they go back out.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi but it doesn't taste the same.
I used to think they haven't met you with my shoes this week.
I would hover in my hero and twinkle-john and I would run.
Mommy, Mommy!
I prefer on it.
Maybe doctors pepper would be better.
Mommy, doctor pepper!
The night be a pepper, June doctor!
Physicians from the Physiozies, Mommy, doctor!
I cannot find it.
It will be great.
Sometimes I wish I was great.
Hey, what's up, everybody?
Ain't no fancy.
I think they're going all the way.
Yeah.
Don't want to step on that.
No, it's too good.
1247 and 560 WQ-G-A-M.
Now, you're probably a big pit bull fan.
I'm not talking about dogs.
I'm talking about rap music.
Oh, yeah.
He's my boy.
Well, I got good news for you.
All right.
Pit bull fans may have a new CD to put on their
gear.
This upcoming holiday season.
How do you like that?
All right.
Am I me judges?
Fine.
That slip and slide records can release an album of the
Cuban American rappers old tracks that is currently
well TFT records sought to block.
Yeah.
We are the days that you've got to blow up.
We've got to blow up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, sounds like what's the saying.
Oh.
Okay.
In a 26 page of Penny, US District Court judge
Magistrate Stephen Brown said, Miami-based slip and slide has
the right to issue the LP.
Welcome to 305 as long as it affixes a sticker to what
stating contains previously unreleased material.
We couldn't be happier since slip and slide attorney
Richard C. Will if we think the judge absolutely understood
this case.
Absolutely.
Brown's opinion is a recommendation.
Now goes to a US District Court judge.
Will either accept an issue of fine order against TFT or hold
a new hearing if he feels they magistrate error in the report.
The error in the error.
Or magistrate recommendations are usually accepted by the
overseeing judge.
Nevertheless, TFT lawyers said they plan to file objections to
Brown's report and a bit overturn it.
A preliminary report recommendation by the magistrates is only
that a recommendation out of final decisions had run a
trotter TFT's lawyer.
New York based TFT records wrote, Brown wrongfully interfered
with slip and slide's business-last spring when it sent
and dozens of letters to the distributor stating that the
album's schedule for May release was illegally recorded.
Legal wrangling aside, we believe Pitbull fans won't find any real
enjoyment from these abandoned unfinished demos which to us sound
like sniff its old performances were cut and pasted on the new
beats without pits creative involvement cooperation or approval.
Slip and slide had 103,000 orders worth some 800 grand for the album
which contained songs Pitbull, a.k.a.
Armando Patez, we courted in 2001 when he was an unknown.
How do you like that?
Is he alive?
Is he dead?
He's alive, right?
He's alive.
It's just here that like couple months ago.
Brown also alluded to the fact that Pitbull himself and that voice
an opinion in the case, the court finds extremely significant
the fact the artist himself is not a part of this lawsuit and the lack
of any evidence that he's expressed any negative opinion through the release of
305.
Wolf said slip and slide may not have enough time to get the album
in the source for the holiday season and that event the label will be
back in court asking TFT for some four million dollars in damages
for law sales.
Who the hell would buy that crap?
I mean that's really good stuff you know?
That's my favorite.
There we go again.
Come on, you can do it.
Everybody get up.
As you call the Tarantella Zentidance.
Okay, that's alright.
Does that sound right?
Tarantella Zentidance, the Tarantella.
I don't know what it is.
It's just a lot of fun.
They're having a gay old time.
860 votes on that poll, man.
We may have a close to 900 by the end of the 12 o'clock hour.
This is staggering on Roche Hoshona, no less.
Roche Hoshona on the Jew year.
Ma'rukhatah or Nai, it's all a bunch of crap.
Okay, that's bottom line.
All of this are the Muslims, the Jews, the Christians, the Buddhists, the Hindus.
It's all the same as swill.
Okay, it's all a bunch of waste of your time.
Life is short and joy.
Okay, don't waste your time debating over other God.
Lord said, they're saying don't waste your time.
Don't dignify and morons by you know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
It's a waste of time.
Oh, I think I just said that.
Okay, all right.
Pointless, Gornesh Telfin is the Japanese OSM.
I'm sure your daughter learned that when she was over there.
That's right, whatever favorite dishes.
Media, media everywhere.
No time left to think.
The average American is a ravenous media junkie consuming up to nine hours a day of television,
a web time or cell phone minutes, according to new research which raises fresh questions
about how technology is revolutionizing society, aka the Dolly of America, man.
And they're doing a fantastic job.
From iPods, filling commuters ears, the screen scrolling headlines in the elevator work
to proliferating on the move tools like cell phones and blackberry handles.
And let me say it again, my blackberry is one of the best investments I ever made in my life.
All right.
Media is everywhere in the United States like most of the rest of the developed world.
And as information technology marches on and search engine giant Google
even raises the prospect of free wireless internet across for access for whole cities.
Media and all its forms is almost impossible to escape.
You know, they're suggesting the whole city of San Francisco is going to get Google access for free.
That sounds kind of gay to me.
What does this mean for society?
Said Professor Bob Papper, co-author of a study at Ball State University, Indiana,
which started mass media use by Americans.
I'm a Papper, Europe Papper.
There has been plenty of speculation on the impact on daily life of fast expanding media.
One theory for instance has it that as people become more and more connected electronically,
they're becoming less and less connected personally.
Oh boy.
Some experts question, whether as consumers are swamped by information,
they lose the ability to decipher a fact from rumor or find it hard to think through what they hear.
They're swamped, they're overwhelmed with information, with misinformation, with propaganda.
Academic research has yet to prove or disprove such theory said Papper,
who's launching a series of companions that is including one probing why people are spending so much time online,
on the cell phone or watching TV, and how their personalities are affected.
The average person spends about nine hours a day using some type of media,
which is arguably an excessive anything we would have envisaged ten years ago he told AFP.
Now he doesn't mention anything about radio on here.
Radio on with him.
What's that?
I don't know, something people used to listen to.
The ball states here they found that while television was still the most dominant media device used by the average American computers
were catching up fast.
You bet.
You bet.
When Hight comes back tomorrow, you give them an ultimatum.
You tell me the restarts using that computer is, or we're going to give them what for?
We're going to take away that salami sandwich on your own kipper.
When we combine time spent on the web using email instant messaging and software such as word processing,
the computer reclipses all of the media with a single exception television paper said.
How do you like that?
Computer is number two right behind the old TV.
That's incredible to me.
It is.
Get with it.
Get with it you old buddy buddy.
The ball states study parcel confirms findings of a major looking to growing internet use among Americans published in January this year by the Pew Internet and American Life Project.
On a typical day at the end of 2004, 70 million Americans went online to use email-gid news, find health and medical information, book, travel or countless other activities,
a figure 37 percent higher than four years before the survey found.
That figure looks said to grow as new low cost technologies for the benefits of the worldwide web.
The social groups so far cut out of the information, their evolution.
Google has announced a proposal for free wireless internet access for the entire city of San Francisco and a new project from MIT
envisages a hundred dollar laptop to be handed out first to Portia Runn developing countries.
Not in Cuba though.
Not in China.
China needs our computers.
No, but they will.
I mean what I'm saying is that they aren't going to be able to access the internet.
Oh, that's great.
So whatever the Chinese government lets do.
Let's see what I'm saying.
Now let me ask you in Cuba did they allow computers?
How much did I know?
What do you mean you better get with Miguel Mr. and have a little nose-behitting glazed seminar.
He has been there in a while either.
He's never been there.
I know.
You know, so they never be like me giving you a song that I asked about Israel.
You know, what do I care about Israel?
Am I going there?
No.
Have I ever been there?
Do I have any desire to go there?
No.
No.
I'd go there and eat cheeseburgers just to piss them off is what I would do.
I'd be poor to hold much of.
Yeah.
Bacon feeders.
I guess it's a meaty burger.
Some bacon if I'll wait out and live open so we can.
Do we ever find out on that?
No.
Come on Wayne.
The Paul State study among 400 people in the last few months charting 5,000 hours of meat.
He used track 50 different meaty and gadgets including TV, books, magazines, cell phones, the internet, instant messaging and email.
You know this again.
No radio.
That's great.
I told you radio was done man.
It was eye on top of that or what?
Yep.
Radio is finito maybe.
Toss it in the turl of long with that Bible.
Among the most interesting conclusions was that 30% of meaty time is spent on one or more device as people perhaps have an eye on the latest reality show on TV while shuffling through their email.
See that?
I see it.
Another surprising fact is that 18 to 24-year-olds spend less time online than any other age group except for the over 65's giving the light of the idea that young adults are the most computer literate.
Well what's that all about?
They're basically laid.
Well Josh is online a lot and he's busy getting laid as well.
You can do both.
Yeah you can do the same time.
There you go.
If meaty usage increases on Fridays based on the assumption that people are planning social activities, then this would be potentially the best day to advertise movies, drink and food specials and other products and add Mike Bloxham, never the ball state research came.
You know what I want to go to school in Ball State?
That sounds really gay to me.
You know what?
Balls up.
Oh come on.
Balls out.
Balls act.
878 votes on a poll.
It's 1256.
We are kicking some serious big fat pimpley ass here on this very important day.
Tuesday, October 4th.
The day they'll live in the infamy, won't it?
Baruchatah, etc.
Baray Priyagoffan.
You know what that means?
Baray Priyagoffan.
Let me tell you George, have another drinker.
We're not talking about you.
We're talking about you.
I'll start right now.
When I be something if he and what's your name?
What is your name?
Harriet.
Harriet demires.
If they were like,
Boos buddies, that would be good.
They sure are blusk.
Yeah.
The Boos pals.
If you find yourself looking in the mirror and you're ready to take a stiff drink when you
see the image in there because your hair is vanished and you got that big shiny, ugly,
bald spot.
A lot of people would like to send you some silly, mousey-looking piece to put on your head.
Don't do it.
People laugh their ass off at you.
Some people want to send you those dangerous pills.
Forget about it.
They might even kill you.
If you want a great looking head of your head, do what so many guys have done for over 30 years now.
But third man.
Let us go see my good buddy, Chuck Alfie Erie.
He's been helping the famous and the infamous look their best for a very long time.
And you wouldn't recognize his work when you see it because it doesn't look like a piece,
like a musk red.
It looks like real hair.
The most critical area of any hair system is that hair line and Charlie's skin-like hair system,
the natural hair line system is 100% undetectable.
It looks like the hair is growing out of your scalp like real hair as opposed to the other crap.
I have to do.
Here's how it works.
Charlie's system is completely guaranteed.
You tried for 30 days.
FAST FIRD MAN.
After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting laid at least 90, 100 times a day, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today, 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the new Roger Show and Gear Special.
Q-A-M-2N out of this cut off the regular $800 price of that natural hair line system.
Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Like a real bench.
Call 1-800-321-2413 or on the Wicked Web, check them out at Charles Alfie Erie.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-M.
The Bloodheads.
It's the one to two hour.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
The Bloodheads.
One, two, five, six, seven, two, and the Molmyster be along.
Sans Gulding.
And two, the seven, Gulding on his Panther Day butamaronite.
Pants is hosting the Atlanta Tracers season opener, seven o'clock, pregame at 630.
Do a good job, Gulding, or else.
Now, you sent me two faks as one of them is like a blank page.
Oh, well, that's something that happened.
The one that says in the bottom, Lauderdale, IMP or something like that.
Now, what is that? What was on that?
That's not blank over here.
It's also the first day of Ramadan.
Oh, okay.
It's also the first day of Ramadan.
You can play that Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan.
Ramadan...
On the Saturday
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, I have lotsgiving matters here in the lab where I come from. I read it and though I'm insanely exhausted
Bow bow bow
I love what you say, love, baby
No, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down
I love what you mean, rob the sweet
No, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down
No, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down
No, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down
No, rob a down, rob a down, rob a down
Oh, bow bow
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rural Association
Let's face, most of us will never be rich
Hell, we probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about Hancock.
They scare the sh** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, Hancock's. Think about it.
Need some cash? Rub a bank. Don't have enough money for fear?
All of the convenience store takes chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free if you've got a Hancock.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him.
It's a simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Now if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing up the street. Just buy a lot of Hancock's.
It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control.
Yes, Hancock's. They just might make advance.
What are the best parts of that scene Michael Lauren and Bullying for Colin Byersworth?
They're talking about the kids in Canada that are playing the video games, you know, the violent video games.
They're waiting to see the latest Arnold movie and they're not killing each other.
They're not killing each other. Nobody shoots each other.
Nope.
But nevertheless, that's a good segment.
But of course Chuck has to know like he's pretty PO and he's a waddling off in his spandex pants.
905 votes on a poll. We are damn impressed boys and girls I'll tell you one thing.
You folks are really on top of it today in the poll too. You're on the poll.
What's your take on the new floor to shoot them up, law?
Maybe they're going to affect Saturday and if anybody looks at you cross out, if anybody looks threatening to you, if anybody gives you like a dirty look,
well I'm away and if that ass governor will come down and patch you on the back and give you a purple star in the gold jelly bean.
Why do I keep saying that?
I can't say purple jelly bean in a gold star.
Well I ain't.
Well it's very witchner. That's for damn sure.
Is that what I came from?
Yeah, he used to say a gold star in a purple jelly bean.
What would he say?
It's old, old, old, old radio.
Most big of a human being I ever encountered in my life. Unbelievable.
I mean just I mean I'm sure he ain't like them people in Georgia but nevertheless he's dead.
907 votes. What's your take on the new floor to shoot them up, law?
Old, only crazy people can support this. 234. Very close race. That's my vote.
You have to be crazy to believe you want to live like that.
But I love it. I can't wait to shoot somebody.
227.
And most of those votes came from inside the building.
I say remember in the movie when a stranger calls?
Uh-huh. He's in the house. The shoes and the calls are coming from inside the house.
Oh no!
Only in America 150. That's a good movie with Charles Durning.
I like Charles Durning a lot. He's been a lot of good movies.
He was in the Mass Appeal with Jack Lemon. Yes he was.
Both.
I can't believe it's a law 144. I support it 56.
Won't change a thing 56 and I'm out of here 40.
See you don't know what that means both unless you've seen a movie, right?
Close hit it.
You seen it.
I don't buy one other thing.
Bobby's for closes only.
Where did you learn your trade?
You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men.
What's your hired for?
Is to help us. Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
Not to.
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living.
You company man. You ferry.
One other question.
Ben Giorigman Ross, it's worth playing.
Get the job.
Only.
Only probably we can't play the whole clip.
Real bad.
Real bad.
Hey, speak in the Jack Lemon.
How do you like that psychic powers of mine again?
Keep it right into action.
I love it.
I should have put that Mickey Day in the shame.
Should have put it in the great game.
Well, speaking of Mickey Day, most people will be fat over long halls as this new study.
There's so many studies in so little time.
You know what?
Dominique Q.A.M. Hello.
Uncle Leo, love your show.
Yes, Mr. Clark.
Yes sir.
Just came back from a big big big trip overseas.
Well, glad I'm back.
Well, not really.
I can't wait to leave again.
And that last crazy.
When does it take a bite again?
Last Saturday.
Oh, it's in the correct right now man.
Why are we down?
Anybody that pisses you off?
No crap.
Can Jenny's watch out.
I don't like your stupid face.
Oh, okay.
See you.
You were good job.
Now we're not talking about Can Jenny of course because that would be bad over the B.S.
Oh, but nevertheless, don't piss that off.
You're not going to get a bad eye off, Ken, because he's not too crazy about your ass.
You're not going to take target practice on your ass.
I'm your...
Braco.
But just when we thought we couldn't get any fatter, a new study that followed Americans for three decades
suggested over the long haul, 9 out of 10 men and 7 out of 10 women will become overweight.
Oh, how depressing.
Too late.
How depressing.
Find out where to give the money in the short run.
There's Bumbaw and they're talking about the money and so on.
He's not looking too good today, is he?
No.
Little action.
He's looking really gone, not action, but just wrinkled and old.
Well, he's wrinkled and old.
Plus they gave him so much crap.
You know, it's a miracle you survived it all.
They got a heart.
All of these right wingies, neocons.
They're busy killing innocent people by the thousands over there.
And it's got a couple of humors in right away.
Oh, let's have an impeachment.
What?
Where is the Democratic Party?
Where are you people, okay?
Are you sweeping?
Are you swapping out there?
All your people that are slipping the show today and whatever the hell you're doing?
And going to your flying magic carpets?
They're doveting on their carpet for Ramadan.
Whatever you crazy people are doing, these people are destroying the whole country
and you people are asleep.
You're sleeping at the swish.
Campo, I can't believe it.
All of the crap that's gone down with his guys, it's almost like they're, you know,
forget about Teflon, the T-File president.
By the way, did I ever do the thing on here about Teflon and Teflon and the bad stuff in there?
I don't want to talk about it.
You did.
Don't let me forget to go out and buy an aluminum frying pan.
Do you use Teflon?
Not anymore.
Don't, we had one of those, you know, skill, not skill at the grills.
Those grills with the Teflon coating on it, but it broke it all back.
One other, we got our flavor way, we don't need to be frying no frying pan.
Most things.
Oh, it's kind of hard to make like an omelette.
But we get stainless steel, don't get aluminum.
Like I said, I'm going to go out and give me a stainless steel frying pan
and I'm going to beat the crap out of somebody with it.
It says, even if you're one of the lucky few made it to middle age without getting fat,
well, leave me a, don't congratulate yourself.
Keep watching that waistline.
You hear this, Josh?
You started like porcupine up in that picture we got on the website.
You looked a little porcupine there.
What?
Didn't he look a little porcupine in that picture?
I don't think so.
Little porcupine.
Half the men and women in the study who had made it into well-ended and with adulthood without a weight problem,
ultimately became overweight.
And a third of those women, according to them, became obese.
Not just overweight, but obese.
Disgusting, big fat slabs like me, okay?
You can't become complacent because you're at risk of becoming overweight.
It said, wait till you hear this name, rack a modern vasan, an associate professor of medicine at Boston University in the studies lead anchor.
His first name's got 82 letters in it.
Happy Ramadan.
Ramadan, vasan.
He and other researchers studied data gathered from 4,000 white adults over 30 years.
But third man.
Participants were between ages of 30.
But third man.
59% of the start were examined every four years.
By the end of the study, more than one in three had become, you guessed it.
Oh, obese.
The study defined obesity as a body mass index, which is a commonly used height and weight comparison of more than...
But third man.
I think they just make these numbers up.
You're playing the drop in, right?
The findings published today in the Ails of Internal Medicine show obesity may be a greater problem than indicated by studies.
They look at a cross section of the population at one point in time.
These so-called snapshots of obesity find about 6 and 10 are overweight and 1 and 3 and are obese.
The findings also re-emphasize that people must continually watch their weight.
Just, I'm watching it right now.
Looking down, just keep watching this.
This is meal Roger.
This is 5.62 A.M.
Bush, high back to mouth!
Down to the ground, we'll rise up for eight years.
And set the average congregation.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I wear it everywhere when I go round the other A.M.
A.M. they don't go on this day.
So be true to the assured.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
Oh, I'll be ready to pray.
I'll be standing now, I know that they offer it the choir now.
She'll be singing away.
Speak true to your show.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
I tell them right away, they'll send here to a dictatorship.
Hey, listen, they're better sitting there and filling that fat puppet,
especially with all that heavy dairy stuff.
And with all those cheese blinks, mmm, would you have blueberries on it?
Cool.
940 votes out of poll so far.
We better get that thousand, we're going to take it off the rest of the week.
We better get a pronto, Tonto.
Now, here's a story, and it wasn't even going to read this, but there's an interesting sentence in here.
It all depends on how I read it.
The meaning of the sentence?
Mm-hmm.
It's fairly interesting.
In the prison halls, they call to Islam about what's going on in Italy and a lot of other places.
The guards, heavy brass, key swinging from their belts open and shut the metal gates to each floor of the labyrinth,
the latte prisoners, the Muslim call to prayer echoes in the corridors.
Prisoners rush to the makeshift mosques that are sprouted in every building.
At the end of the hall, in the fourth floor of building one, a hand-lettered paper sign proclaims in Italian, Moschia, Mosque.
Furnishings inside our sparse, just three green paper prayer rugs pointing eastward and on the wall a plaque with verses from the Quran.
Afdel Fata Gendubi, serving a sentence on drug charges, I wonder if he had a dubi.
It throws on a distasha, pulls off his shoes and makes his way through.
What's a distasha?
That's not the thing.
The door, the door, the door.
The 42 year old, no, that's the, I don't know what it is.
The 42 year old Tunisian joined by two other men.
He is apologetic saying turn out is better on Fridays.
Generally though, younger Muslims in the prison are not very religious, he says he hopes to change that.
Now here's the sentence that I could read in one or two ways.
I want to teach the young, beautiful things, he says.
Or I could say, I want to teach the young, beautiful things, he says.
What do you want to teach him?
And it's you, you're not following.
I want to teach, you ever want to teach a young, beautiful thing?
Yeah.
But if some fear, whether authorities who lack Arabic speakers to monitor his preaching, would agree with his definition of beauty, they have time to change their lives.
God wants them to leave the life of crime, he said.
Jindubi is mission is difficult.
One reaching after the young men can find within these sterile walls on the outskirts of a city, known the world over as Italy's vibrant fashion capital, about 30% of the inmates.
About 30,000 men in Bolatte are Muslim officials say.
That's in a country where Muslims make up just 2% of the population of 58 million in Italy.
All of there is a higher concentration than them in northern Italy around Milan.
Another good reason not to go to Milan.
Oh, that's bad.
Don't go to Milan, it's just a boring.
When you go to Italy, go to Rome, go to Florence, that's it.
I'm not blown, maybe.
What about Titelia?
No, I haven't been there yet.
I want to go to Titelia, not Titelia.
You better get with it, Mr. Titelia, my ass, huh?
Titelia.
You're going to play this again?
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Oh!
Ah, ah, ah!
Chance, what do you think about the Italians, man?
They're almost as schmaltzi as they do, is maybe even a little bit more so out of thing.
I think the Italians are the schmaltzi as people on the face of the globe.
Could very well be.
Many of the Muslim inmates arrived here in Italy alone, sometimes the young is 14, hoping to find an uncle.
A recusning even distant relative and burdened with the overly optimistic expectations of their family back in Morocco, Tunisia or Algeria.
Yeah, it's really interesting, but all over Europe now, there's this tremendous Morocco, Tunisia, Algeria, those three countries in Holland, in England, in Italy, obviously, all of it are just pouring into these other countries.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because the reproduction like rabbit.
I see.
Did you see that in Saudi Arabia, like over 50% of the population is under 15?
I did not see.
And you know something, we're not too happy with those gas prices, and now that we have the new Florida law backed up by our fat ass governor, even though he may not be too happy about the bush relations with the bin Laden's and the Saudi princes over there, I say we go to Saudi Arabia and test a new law, is what I say.
What do you think?
All right.
I'm going to test it out.
Army Secretary Noel Harvey and Vice Chief of Staff General Richard Cody said yesterday that the Army was using Lucer Defense Department rules that permitted it to sign up more high school dropouts and people who are lower on mental qualification test, but they denied this meant it was lowering standards.
Right.
All you dropouts out there, you know, just say no, Uncle Sam, tell him no chance.
Not interested in being no human sacrifice.
Come to go nail a chicken on the door instead.
Until Army recruiters began having real trouble signing up enough Army recruits earlier this year, the Army had said minimum standards that were higher than those of the defense department.
The Army has a recruiting shortfall of six to 8,000 soldiers over the past year.
It hasn't fallen so short of its annual goal since 1979, seven years after the Vietnam War.
I guess when kids were finally washing up for all the kids that got boochered over there, it got sacrificed.
They started thinking, well, maybe not such a good idea.
Harvey and Cody addressed the recruiting issue in news conferences during the annual convention, the Association of the US Army, the Department of Defense standards on qualification test call for at least 60% category one to three, the high rate of testing, and 4% category for the lowest end.
The other services followed that standard and the Army National Guard has always followed it as well.
But the active Army chose the standard to 67% categories one through three and two percent category four, the Audi Audi.
In other words, take a long story shot with all these stupid numbers in it. If you're dumb, they want you.
If you're breathing, if you're breathing, if you're never then sawed us, if you're never then a boxer rocks, they'll take you.
And of course you have to be dumb to sign up now and sacrifice your life because you're not fighting for your country anymore.
You're fighting based on a pack of lies.
You're fighting so you can go kill a bunch of innocent people and maybe hook up that long American shoe for those oil fields.
Which I ain't working out too well, is it?
No, gee, what a bad break.
945 votes. You know, we got some work to do on this thing. These people are going to like slack off and then we'll get to like about 10 minutes till two.
And we'll say, oh, gee, what are we going to do now on this pool? Where's our thousand votes?
This is a little on the weak side. What do you say? No, they'll do it.
945. We got 35 minutes to go. We got 55 votes to get.
Oh, this business about this, Harry, admires.
It's not the kind of person to shove it in your face.
Well, I'll tell you anyway.
I believe, hey, Joyce, hey, Joyce, somebody just said that on CNN. Oh, that's right there.
Cable, I forgot.
Shove it in your face, my ass.
How do you like that?
Oh, let's get a few calls on here between now and two o'clock.
I'm in just a wonderful mood. You want to know why?
Well, it's Ramadan. I must be it.
That's it. Got your magic carpet?
Yeah, I'm flying right off the window on it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm trying to find your location.
What do you mean by that?
I was trying to see where your office is at.
Why, why do you bring a pipe bomb or something?
No, sir. I was one ticket through a bandage and I lost the address of where you were located.
Oh, my God. What kind of tickets? What are you going to go see?
The hockey game.
Oh, the hockey game, tomorrow night?
Yes, sir.
Excellent. Okay. We're right on the corner.
We're two o' two ninety five north west second avenue.
You know where Ives Dury Road is?
Yes, I do.
Ives Dury in 441. We're like about a block north of that.
And there's a Kentucky Fried Chicken and we're in a white building on the Kitty Corner of that.
On the third floor.
So I think that floor.
Second avenue, right?
Right. Right right right right right by KFC, man. Right by the old BP gas station or on the corner.
Thank you very much.
Okay. Enjoy the game, Polly.
Thank you.
Bye.
We loved the panthers.
Anyway, let's talk hockey for a couple hours.
What do you say, huh?
I'll get rimmed on the hoard.
Yeah.
Put his ass on the horn. Okay.
As a matter of fact, now what, what holiday is it that they blow the chauffeur?
No, no.
Is that you're mkipper?
I think it is.
I gotta be honest with you.
I really don't remember.
I hate to say that because it's very, you know, non-Jewish, but it's been so long since I care about.
Oh, yeah.
I had to blow that little little ram's horn.
Yeah, I got that recording somewhere around here.
Do you remember?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sound of the chauffeur getting blown?
Yeah.
Blown.
Well, I guess I've been able to avoid Jewish might not approve.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5'16 Q-A-M.
Everybody, everybody, all the time.
The movie.
It's a total goalie.
No.
Everybody hates everybody all the time.
Driving on a power and sense fear.
It's where the different joys of the day, and they don't want to be.
You've got to bear added to quite a sour.
When I'm a shadow they threaten to slice you to the bone.
Then in the grand rock of Rathauro, I throw in ghosts and when calls you mad at me.
Everybody hates everybody all the time.
So how does that even do?
It's easy to do.
Something in the free, easy, soft things from top of all old people.
Yeah, something stinks.
All right, 132 at 5'60 Q-A-M.
It was a bittersweet homecoming for United Nations Ambassador John Bolton.
Former Chair of the Conservative Party, we turned the Yale Political Union yesterday last
night.
A minute course of hisses and politically charged questions.
There were Hissan and Boone over there.
It is addressed which defended the Bush administration's foreign policy.
Bolton argued that voluntary contributions from states would allow major donors such as the U.S.
to choose to fund the UN programs that they believe to be the most efficient.
But while fielding questions from impassioned students packed in the shipwields, sterling strathcona
hall, Bolton can't only discuss issues such as nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea,
the war in Iraq and his own confirmation battles.
The audience interrupted Bolton throughout his speech with loud banging on desks and hissing.
When asked about the abuse of Iraq prisoners at Abu Gharrab, a Bolton set of the U.S.,
no other countries or international organizations should hold its own citizens accountable for possible abuse.
We don't need anybody else to judge us.
He said we judge our own.
The answer prompted loud hissing from the audience, but Bolton offered students a question of his own.
I'm just curious, those of you who are hissing, who do you think will judge better than us, he asked the audience?
Most YPU officers, including Party Chair, said they appreciated Bolton's candor and is willing this to answer
or contention his questions after his prepared address.
But liberal Party Chair Kristen Dunham said she would have preferred a chance for students to respond if they disagreed with his half-assed answers.
He was extremely rude, extremely belligerent, everything the Democrats called him in confirmation hearings,
yet Glixteen said he was all of those things, all of these...
All of these things.
...getting the any one to debate.
Well, there you go, that's the only stretch from a bunch of the score punks up there, right? A bunch of brats.
965 votes on arm. Keep an eye on that baby, because I like real Kurosda 1000 thresholds, it's going to be real disappointment to me.
After the phenomenal start we had on our shoot him up poll.
969, we have 26 minutes, 31 votes to get. Can we do it? Can it happen? He has.
Yes, it'll happen.
WDQAM, hello.
How are you doing?
Pretty good sir.
Do I have a couple of questions on my golf cart?
Why do you think it is that they skipped over, uh, greater than you think?
It's because of, uh, you're looking at me.
What is it? Mind if they do one?
Why did it skip over Frito? Do you think it was because, uh, he didn't do anything, uh, when his back got shot?
I think it was very, very, very, very, very, very, very good.
Because he was the UMMM dumb.
It was very damaged from the fever.
Don't you remember when he said, uh, and Frito, uh, like, uh, dumb?
Yeah, I know. No, I remember, because I saw yesterday, and it's true that you said, we can't let movies on you.
Like, if they dump smart, they might give everybody said, but dumb, I'm smart, and I want to speak.
Yeah, he was smart enough, dang, I would Johnny Ola and Cuba.
Yeah, I would say, and I won't see Frito anymore.
He was smart enough to get a fishing there without an eerie.
Neil, this is a source to all the right wing guys that listen to your shows, you know what they do.
Uh, this, this notion that, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the notion that these people hate it for a Frito.
I just looked over it in, in Canada.
Isn't there more Muslims than here?
Oh, you're dead. Are you kidding me?
And you never hear anything going wrong in Canada because they don't do all the stuff like, they're, you know,
they're neutral. People don't mess with anybody else.
They just hang out here plotting their next tax against you.
So we're okay here.
Oh, no.
Oh, thank God.
That helped pray for you.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, by the way.
Good luck to you, pal.
He said to the press. I told him the truth.
Who now knows who these people are?
All these camp drivers and, uh, who knows, man?
We have more smart ahead here that you can trick your hockey stick in.
I know who they are.
You know who I am.
I'm Neil Green.
Here.
Small, see.
You can, you can, you can feel the smells, man.
You can smell it.
Here.
Here.
See.
Let me just say this about Godfather.
I'm, I'm in the whole trilogy, but the whole, especially the first one.
It's not just the movie. It's, it's part of your life, right?
There are very few movies that you could say that about, right?
That would be obviously the first one.
I would say another one.
I'm a madman, how?
Or a hooker in a tank that's anymore?
I thought Josh would start getting all bent out of shape and all that.
Like that.
It is part of life if you need more sleep in your life.
Sleeps important.
Right.
One that new log going to affect Saturday.
Oh, I'll be right down.
I'll stop off at Buffalo, okay, right across the border.
I'll stop at Niagara Falls, New York.
I wish they got some good gun drops.
I would think so.
I'd like it.
By the way, if you're going to Niagara Falls, do not go to Niagara Falls, New York.
Who was that?
Oh, that was Hank.
Remember we had the discussion that morning?
Yes.
He was giving me a solid answer about the casino Niagara Falls couldn't have the biggest sports
book, which by the way, it's not the biggest one in North America.
It's the biggest one in Canada.
But they couldn't, they couldn't have a sports book because it's only Vegas and Atlantic City.
I told him, I'm not talking about Niagara Falls, New York.
I'm talking Niagara Falls, Ontario, Humber.
Get with it.
Who would go, only go and go to Niagara Falls, New York?
Seriously, if you were going to like be one of those touristy people, would you go to Niagara Falls,
and in addition to which the falls on the US side are pretty crappy.
You could like, you could like, pitch water over a rock and have the same effect, you know, over a rock.
I wouldn't know.
Never been Niagara Falls.
Boy, you sure haven't been anywhere, haven't you?
Right, I've never been to go back to that again.
I bet you, Josh Cordenis, have been more places than you've been.
All right, let's add them up.
Let's see.
Cuba.
I mean, I've been a lot of places, been not out of the country.
Let's see, Dallas, California, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, New York, New York,
Colorado.
I've been between here.
Did you ever tan again?
No, not yet, I was saving the night.
I've been between here in Washington State seven times by bus, so I've been out to all the states in between,
both the northern passage and the southern passage, and then Canada, several points in Canada.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere.
You were just buying time to play that, weren't you?
And, but for Josh, Josh has been anywhere.
He's been California, where else?
I've been to Las Vegas.
California, Vegas.
Oh, Josh, George has been in Vegas, ancient Congress.
I've been to New York, Tennessee.
Tennessee.
I've been to Seattle in December.
I've been to Mexico.
For what?
In January?
I have not been to Mexico.
Did you just say get married?
I've been to Seattle.
I've learned a lot from George.
No.
Don't get married.
Go.
And I think, and Colorado.
Seattle hasn't been to Mexico.
That's a good start.
That's coming in Georgia.
It's like twice your age, so I was thinking, you know, you've got a long time to catch up.
And if he doesn't get married, he could, you know, pass it on.
I have all that money to let go and have a good time.
We'll get late all the way to Florida.
Go to Amsterdam.
Absolutely.
Where's George, of course, being the old time?
If George didn't have the wife and family, Abel and Al Goldstein says, use the apartment.
And use the apartment.
And he could have gone to Amsterdam and used the apartment.
And I might have even bought your airfare, like in a cargo or something.
You send me a couple more of those checks.
I'll go to Amsterdam.
If I didn't have a wife and family, I wouldn't have to snub out of them.
I thought I'd go there together.
That'd be a good idea.
I guess we can't do that.
That would be a good idea.
Now, I'm serious.
It would be a good idea.
You have a great time there.
I know I would.
But nevertheless.
Well, maybe in about three years, how's that sound?
You, in fact, you can take a little chicken egg, poke a brown with you.
Huh?
It'll be a party.
A mitzvah.
In fact, maybe he can find his next occupation there, like on the Rudy Vaseline there.
He can do a little black face and all that.
Maybe grow some rosta hair.
Put on a nice freak wig he's got.
The a whorehouse barker.
Coke.
Ex-busy.
Viagara.
I can just hear him doing it right now.
Viagara, that's just, I just crack up now when I start with that crap.
I would just get out of here already.
Okay, go peddle your crap to somebody else.
You idiot.
You lunatic.
You, uh, you're fair.
Yeah.
You're rostin' not.
992, baby.
When we come back from the next break, assuming the spots play, we'll be over a thousand.
Trust me when I tell you.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16".
You, baby.
Do you have...?
Rainfall.
Rainfall.
Rainfall.
Some of us celebrities already had.
Don't have some of their leads on A yet.
Of course you will!
I'm not a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm
a man.
Bradford a Puritan who came over on a Mayflower.
Do you know that?
Nope.
Not even two o'clock yet.
We're already passing out useless information.
We're learning over here.
There was a great deal of repression in their lives and the way they were raised and in
turn the way I was raised, he said.
Hefner said he first reinvented himself in high school when he was rejected by a girl.
He started calling himself Heff and were yellow-coared, saddle shoes and flannel shirts
he wouldn't tuck in instead of what his parents wanted.
Later after Playboy became successfully and reinvented himself again.
He started smoking a pipe, bought him a Mercedes and bought the Playboy mansion.
I became the personification of the prototype that I was describing in the magazine.
I became, in effect, Mr. Playboy, he said.
He credits his success to his transformations.
Instead of the Puritan that my folks accepted and from my perspective paid the price for,
I created a world for myself, he told the client.
So there you go.
While you punk's out there, it's never too late.
Just reject all the cock-out that your parents all the brainwashing, all that kind of
bull crap, okay?
As if they weren't doing all of those things.
Just tell them, screw-off pops.
Get lost.
Your mama.
We got a thousand fifteen votes on the pool.
Let's hear it for this Ramadan and Russia-shunded is a religious bull crap for a holiday audience,
huh?
Thousand fifteen votes.
Pretty impressive.
Impressive.
Yeah.
I don't have that.
Impressive.
Yeah.
What's your take on the new Florida Shoot-A-Mup Law?
That's our pool question today.
And by the way, if you don't like the pool, shut up game.
How do you like that?
Only crazy if you can go out.
I can smell my bratwurst cooking on my flavor wave right now.
Yeah.
That was good.
The Burnt and Slice Break, I ran in there.
I put it on for sixteen minutes.
See, these are pre-cooked.
Yeah.
They're great.
Sixty minutes.
It's about time it gets to be two o'clock, I'll go on there and you know what else I do?
A little trick for all you bratwurst weenie lovers out there.
Watch your language.
I take like a slice, a little, one slice of craft cheese and I like, uh, should take three
pieces of it, you know, I like to tear it in the three pieces.
And I put that on there.
I put the plate underneath it.
I put that on there and cook it for one more minute with a cheese on top.
All right.
And that melt on top and you got a cheese broad or a cheese dog or a cheese whatever.
Or just put cheese on your finger and stick it in there.
Don't forget the cheese.
Well you got five.
Down and fifty.
How big of a party?
I'm going to say you could buy a broad worth, sorry, like that.
They're called cheddar worst.
Really?
Where do you get those?
Public.
Well, I guess I'll be right down.
I wonder if Dominion's got the cheddar worst.
Yeah.
I get them.
But those aren't pre-cooked though, are they?
Oh no.
See, pre-cooked to me is better.
I don't want to go through a whole bratwurst thing because I'm obsessed with bratwurst.
Maybe in Germany I'll have a couple of bratwursts, do you think?
I have no doubt.
I'm a vacation.
I'll be in Germany and bratwurst and YouTube will be trying to put together five
wild shows next week.
Yeah, come on.
The people every day.
Did you say wild?
Five mediocre shows.
And they'll be great.
Don't give me a song in advance.
It'll be great, okay?
And in fact, do a good show just to piss off Greg.
All right.
A thousand and twenty two votes.
What's your take on that new crazy law?
Only crazy people can support that.
269.
That's right.
That's the right answer or one of the right answers.
309 hostages go.
Oh, see, this is old footage.
Why do they do this?
Why do they do that?
They're showing that school in Marshallville.
It's terrible what they do.
Yeah, let's see it in.
You people are great robbers.
Your lunatics you all belong on death row, especially that Nazi wolf blitzkrieg, okay?
We give Rob Marciano a pass and Susan Candy-Odi.
That's it.
By the way, I hate to say this.
Yeah.
But you know, Harriet De Meyers, our new Supreme Court justice.
Oh, don't say it.
I know what you're going to say.
She looks like a little old Susan Candy-G.
You said yes.
We like your lot, Susan.
It's not a shot.
You're a very wonderful person, but there is a similar to that.
She looks like a slightly older Susan Candy-Odi.
And Susan, by the way, is named a loser like this one reportedly is.
I can just see Harriet Meyers and the Bushmeister in W.
They're in the oral office, boozing it up together and passing the flask.
Boo, war.
Where'd you keep it, Torji?
2022, only crazy people could support 269.
I love it.
Can't wait to shoot somebody.
245.
You better hide under the bed because now that that law is in effect, God only knows what
your neighbors are going to be doing to you.
I can't believe it's law 169.
Only in America, 157.
Only in a gun crazy country like America, the wild, wild west, they're shooting them
up, baby.
167.
Don't change the things, 166.
I support it, 61.
I'm out of here, 45.
Out of a thousand and look how many.
Thousand.
Ten thirty.
Ten thirty.
Ten thirty.
Ten thirty.
For while there was ten ten, which was W.I.N.S.
Wins ten ten to New York and CFRB Toronto, way.
Home of Brian McFarland.
How's it going, Brian A?
How about that Leafs?
I'll start with that hockey talk now.
We'll be finished.
You'll be in reindeer.
Why have a reindeer story here somewhere?
Do you?
I wasn't going to do it, but it's in my pile.
The Danish Air Force said last week it paid about $5,000 in compensation to a part-time
Santa Claus whose reindeer died of heart failure when two jets, two fighter jets, were
it over as far?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
The animal named Rudolph was gazing at the farm of Olawi Nikonov in central Denmark when
the screaming F-16 jets passed overhead at low altitude in February.
The reindeer, I guess they didn't like their altitude, so the reindeer collapsed and died,
leaving Nikonov with a prospect of only one animal pulling his sleigh next Christmas.
He complained to the Air Force, which agreed to compensate him for the cost of the reindeer
and veterinary expenses.
We got a letter from Santa complaining about his reindeer, who's definitely looked into
what seriously Air Force spokesman Captain Morton Jensen said.
The Air Force checked flight data and veterinary reports concluded the planes had caused the
animals death.
Nikonov said he would use them and he'd buy a new reindeer before Christmas.
Well, for that to really be.
It was silly Finn's man.
But this is Neil Roger, silly Dean's lawyer, so this is 5.62 am.
Guys, Nikonovs and whatever the heck it is and the people that call in, they just like
them like that they were on the water court, the weed, and they're high and they're hiding
it's terrible.
The geese that have been looked at listening to 610 and MS here.
You failed.
I'm dying out of here.
Rock solid.
I'm going to join you.
I'm going to join you.
I'm going to join you.
I'm going to join you.
I'm going to join you.
You're my daddy.
You are the dry one.
There's a phrase from this guy.
I was good and I was fine, but first I felt bad
So now I spoke to you when I get up
In the sky I spoke to you, I spoke to you, I spoke to you, when I believe you're gay
And that's every 10,000 voice I spoke to you, I spoke to you, I spoke to you, this time of being
I spoke to you in time of war
Oh my god, I spoke to you, I spoke to you, I spoke to you, I spoke to you, I spoke to you
I spoke to you in time of war
You see how I'm working man
And my mama, she wants to be for you
So I'm living together
So say you want to be for me, I'll tell you man
Share to me, I'll tell you, you're fairly
I spoke to you in time of war, so say, yeah, yeah
That's why I spoke to you in a morning
I spoke to you in the night, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the afternoon, make me alright
I spoke to you in time of being, I spoke to you in time of war
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I said I spoke to you more, so great, buddy
That's what I do
So I spoke to you in the morning, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
I spoke to you in the evening, so great, buddy
Join me now.
Oh, Brian.
Oh, oh, oh,
I just tried to stop. I made this hit me here. It was a bad all afternoon, you know.
Well, I'm just. I'm over. I'm over. I think I know I had it.
Do you want to make my schmalsy? Man.
Oh, I mean, do it, do it, go.
1046 votes on the poll. What's your take on the new floor to shoot them up?
Well, only crazy people could support this 275. I love it. Can't wait to shoot somebody.
247. I can't believe it's law. 174. Only in America 169. It won't change a thing.
69. I support it. 65. I'm out of here. 47.
So listen, next time you guys go to Italy, I got this great trotteria and this great pizza
here right side by each cross the street from each other via Amadeo, Pritzvah Amadeo.
Okay, just mark it down in your wrist via Pritzvah Amadeo. There's a fantastic little trotteria down stairs.
The best in the city and across the street. S. S. S. The rate pizza.
We don't eat trays though, especially on Rocher's side.
