Nice job there on a hockey game. He'll be a little bit last night.
Are you enjoying it?
Not too bad. He's uh, he's gonna be alright. Okay. Got a little ways to go, but he's doing a fine job.
And it'll get some people upset for...
Don't, don't, don't, don't. You know, I don't want to mention moan, uh, no names.
Does he do a hockey, too? No.
And he doesn't remember his line hockey sucks.
So what would be his complaint with Goldie doing well at it?
It's not important that you succeed, but that everybody else around you fails.
Don't you know that in fact when the book coming out Friday, that ought to be in the foremost in our minds.
Yeah, that seems to be...
That's everybody worries about our hockey.
I think it's not important that we do well. It's important that the other guys, whoever the other guys happen to be,
the other guys do sure, whoever they are, that they have a big right, like no numbers.
And they won't.
Thanks for breaking the news, you Joe. I don't want you throwing that furniture around again,
but it's gonna be really a rough Friday over there across the street.
You're very confident about that.
Oh, I guarantee you, I bet you grace life on it.
Okay.
Would you take that bet?
I give you like one to nine in the morning line.
I'm not sure I am.
I don't play one to nine shots.
No, and of course who the hell does.
I've seen more of those go down the tube. Don't start with that racing stuff now.
No?
Now if we'd been better off to your little girlty with the from the hockey game last night.
Two on one developing, Prooka comes in right side in front of the next shot.
Two on one and Peter Prooka with his first up to season.
It's four, nothing.
I was going, Kelly, bad game though.
I mean, they looked really horrible last night, but you know, those things happen.
And then Joe Nguondai got injured.
So Gary Roberts is out. Nguondai, he's out. Not too good.
They've been messing around with the line.
They've been, I guess, changing centers.
Yeah.
I don't start hockey talk now.
You started it.
Well, I take it back for Cindy didn't hear it.
Let's talk about the white sucks.
I got a call yesterday from some guy who says, well, I'm really upset because America doesn't really give the white sucks here.
And I said to him, and I said, nobody cares about the white sucks.
That's why they call them the pale hose.
And it's the truth. Nobody cares. It's a franchise that, and I'm old enough, like being a hundred years old.
I can remember 1959 Paul Richards was a manager and they won the American League Pinnet.
Remember that?
Yep. But who, nobody cared then? Nobody cares now. I remember Louis F. Mauricio.
I'd be interesting to see.
Billy Piers?
I would be interesting to see what kind of role I get.
See what?
What kind of numbers they get in the World Series ratings that people will watch.
I would think probably like right about what Joel's going to get on Friday.
Oh!
Oh!
And he always got the numbers.
Oh!
I watched the baseball game last night. It was a hell of a game.
Oh, it was a great game.
And I could be.
Louis Dame Cardinals came back and won.
I just wouldn't look like they were on the edge of the ball.
With a ball run, he hit Neil.
Yeah, I thought he ate it this morning.
Not good.
That ball was screamed.
Yeah.
But, and you know what they're saying? Well, they should have walked them.
Lid should have walked them.
But you don't put the winning run on base.
No, of course not.
You know, on all the bases.
What he shouldn't have done was throwing him a hang-in slider.
Right. Well, it slipped. You know, it's one of those things. They just kind of slipped.
Yep.
But it was good baseball. I enjoyed it.
Well, I'm glad that's good.
And the price was right.
Yep.
From the catch.
Now, you're not still sitting there with an empty refrigerator, are you?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, boy.
Why do you do that?
I have beverages in there.
Yeah.
I would think so.
Yeah.
But you've got to have, if you've got a lot of beverages, you have to have some food to wash
down with the beverages.
Like what?
Like what?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know if there's some cold cuts, some cheese.
I used to have cheese that kept me around for a while.
I had some lotion coolant.
Some lotion coolant would be good.
Oh, yeah. I like that.
Oh, boy.
With raisins in it.
In fact, it tastes good when it's cold, too.
Yeah.
You're absolutely right.
You have it like in a casserole.
Yeah.
You cook it in the casserole, eat the first part when it's hot, and then just put it back
in the fridge cover with tin foil, and open it up and cut a few square lights.
Like actually, it's like a Jewish lasagna.
That's going to go exactly what it is.
That's right.
Only with raisins in it.
Yep.
It's delicious.
I'll take it one thing.
There's nothing like that.
The Italians and the Jews, man, they know their food.
Yeah.
Make no mistake about it.
This is the truth.
All these other pretenders out there, they're French and all the other food.
They've got a lot of food in the house.
I'd be eating all the time.
Yeah, that's true.
Like I said, keep that fridge bare.
Keep it in your bones.
No, you're right, because if you've got something good in there, that's my story.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, I don't have any ice cream in the freezer because when I buy it, I eat it.
It's gone.
Well, maybe I had to stock up in case that hurricane comes here.
Yeah, and well, it's too bad to mention that.
Wilma's coming.
I don't know about Fred Flintstone, but Wilma's coming this weekend Saturday afternoon or Saturday night.
And I saw North Cross going crazy last night.
Yeah, well, he gets hysterical.
Yeah.
She's hysterical, just like in network.
But, you know, I guess God decided that New Orleans already had enough punishment in the figure world.
Let's give another good whack to South Florida.
He's pretty peeled with your fat ass governor, stalling on that slot steal.
He's pretty pissed off about it.
I may have had a good column today.
I don't know if you like.
Really, Mike Mayo, I didn't see that.
Oh, you should get it.
I thought he already had his good column to this here.
He wrote another one about the slots.
Yeah.
Yeah, and about the governor.
And if the governor wants to have what a hypocrite is, and if he wants to repeal, he's been trying to get a whole lot of governor and ahead of the Senate.
To talk to him about repealing the lottery.
Mm-hmm.
If he's so against gambling, why doesn't he repeal the lottery?
Mm-hmm.
When he, under his term, the lottery money has increased from two million to three billion.
How about this, Neil?
So, you know, the spokesman's comment to him was, well, the lottery is not exactly gambling.
Oh, yeah, right.
The biggest sucker bet going.
Absolutely.
Take it from me, because I didn't win a lot of all the other guy in British Columbia won the Saturday night won a 22 million.
I've never played the lottery.
And here they write you a check.
There's no one nobody.
There's no taxes on it.
They write you a check for the full amount.
And they say, have a nice day and how's it going?
And that's it.
You walk away with a cash lump, with a big lump.
You know, you get a lump, but it's on your...
Correct, that's right.
That reminds me.
I was in Norway one time, and I was on a bus tour.
You were in Norway?
Yeah.
Years ago in Norway.
Oh, it was a beautiful country, yeah.
And I was...
Actually, no, I was in Denmark.
It was in Denmark.
I'm my way to Norway.
Yeah.
And I was on a bus tour.
We were going out to Hamwoods Castle.
And on the way they were talking about their lifestyle.
And they talked about how over there, and the tour guy said, we have socialized medicine here.
Right.
Although we call it civilized medicine.
Uh-huh.
It's like here.
Just like Canada.
Yeah, that's how social medicine here.
Yeah, right.
And I think the idea that they write you a check is very civilized.
Yeah.
This annuity stuff is the bigger...
Well, either you can take a lump sum, which is about half of what you're expecting to get.
Or if you live...
What if you're 85 years old?
Are they going to take it over the next 20 years?
And an annuity?
Right.
Family a break, okay?
I'm there.
But the public...
Nice and man.
I just...
For the life of me, I can't figure it out.
They're just...
They're massacres.
They love your fat ass governor.
And this whole thorny belonging is this functional family, the drunks, and the co...
The co...
The snorters...
The whole deal.
There's something there.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe he's perfect for Florida.
Maybe he's the epitome of what Thor does all about.
Could be.
All about food.
Well, on that note, there's not much going on.
We're just kind of like biting our time until Friday till a big book comes out.
Not that we care about our numbers.
We just hope that the other guy gets a big deal.
You know you're laughing, but you're right here.
You're so right.
You know it's true back when the fan was on here.
Oh, gee, they're going to like do this.
And then of course, when they hit a minus in front of their number,
when they owed points, because nobody could even find them on the dial,
when they had more testes, this strata, and Jim Berry and that crew of losers on here,
and all of a sudden they vanished.
Then it was on the Fox 940, and they say,
with your buddy Stubgatz and their cast of the losers,
oh boy, what are we going to do?
They got that 50,000 watts right there in the middle of that.
And they did the same thing.
They had the big nothing.
Oh!
And the same is going to...
And you know it's going to be true, because two of these last three months,
over there across the street, they like old points.
Almost every number they got begins with a...
Yeah.
So what are they going to do in the last month of it, nothing, September?
Although they do have a couple of dolphin games in their office.
They're going to say this is my...
It might get that weekend number up over a one.
I'm not too sure, but...
And of course now that the dolphins have shown their true colors
the last couple of games,
now you're going to see people jumping off that band right in like it's on fire.
Yeah, I don't think they're going to get better anytime soon, you know.
Although Ricky had an impressive debut coming back.
That was good.
Like you already did.
I like that.
And Ferrat looked pretty good.
I spent much of my show today giving reasons why they should trade Ricky to fill it off
you immediately.
Well they'd have to, because they didn't trade it.
Well they got some good weed and fillies, what I'm here.
That's what George told me.
They also desperately need a running back.
They got good cheese steaks and good weed.
I don't know about the weed, but the cheese steaks are good.
Cherry Hill, they're Jersey man.
Good pretzels too.
Remember I told you about Cherry Hill and the bread and the state, sure?
That was my first year.
Well I tell you it's amazing to me the crap that I remember, Ponzios, that's an
immigrant.
It's like a glorified Denny's before it's a really good place, great restaurant and
on Cherry Hill, Ponzios.
Just keep that in mind.
I don't know what I'm going back there.
Next time you drove him from Philly to Atlantic City.
Yeah.
Well I would go back to Atlantic City if they gave me 10 grand to gamble with.
I would never go back there.
Actually the last time I drove anywhere from Philly it was to Delaware.
Yeah.
Because I had to do a show at Delaware Park.
Really?
Yeah.
They have slots at Delaware.
They have slots at all the tracks there in Delaware.
It's a coincidence.
It's a Harrington and what's the other one?
Whatever it is.
They got these huge purses because they have the slots.
Exactly.
Delaware is making money.
Delaware is fun.
It's like a county fair.
All these people there playing the slots and they have them racing and it's a nice place.
Kind of like woodbind.
People losing their ass and just laughing and having a great time.
Yeah, exactly.
Losing their ass.
Well listen on that note.
See it.
It's a Tuesday.
It's not a big off gambling day.
It definitely is.
Good day to go to publics and fill up the refrigerator.
Come on.
You can roll.
No, I see your laugh and let's reform you before it's time.
I haven't been the last time I went to publics.
All your meals and restaurants is a sure way to an early grave Mr. Goldberg.
I'm telling you right now.
You know when the last time I went to dance on your grave.
I'm sure.
But the last time I went to a publics I was working on the micronary show doing the great
grocery giveaway.
That was the last time.
100 years ago.
Yep.
You know speaking of and I miss Mike was the guy micronary a lot.
He was.
But I was thinking the other day the what was it George seven years nine or how many years
was it I would be least seven seven that was that was a bad show.
I was not doing a good show on that station.
It was a bad show.
So how do you like that?
Disney the show I'm doing now is a hell of a better night crab.
It was not a good show.
No, it was not.
What was wrong with it?
I don't know.
It just wasn't any good.
It was the.
The other bird for a while.
Yeah.
Well, I was the beginning of the end.
Yeah.
But it was just it just wasn't a good show and all these people you know live it in the
past.
Oh, when Rick and such.
And you and Phil Henry were on there.
That was a yeah right for about five minutes.
You know, that was funny for about five minutes when you filled it is all you can eat and
eat growth thing and it was like.
Yeah, like five or six highlights of that whole deal and these people they have a selective
memory.
It's like remembering when the president was good.
Hello.
I can't remember which day there was that.
This one.
I can't remember which day that was.
But maybe it was like on nine 12.
After 9 11, you know, I think I think the last day when he was people had any feeling
for him was when he walked out there to throw out the first picture in the world serious.
Remember that?
Yep.
In Yankee Stadium.
Yeah.
And oh boy, what co-horns he's got.
You know, he walked out there and he actually felt bad for him like colleague and then
that was the end of that.
And then we saw what a bozo he really was.
There's Carl Rowe by the way on CNN.
They're going to get his ass.
There's Scooter Libby.
Yeah.
You wait till you see this thing blow up this week.
I think I'll go home and watch it.
Yeah.
Go home and watch a little CNN.
Have yourself some.
I'm going to go out and get some Google and stock the refrigerator.
Right.
Now where would you get a luxury in Google when you come right down to it?
I think you have to make it.
There it is.
No way you can buy a luxury in Google.
I'll tell you what the risk go house had.
Now I'll go over to the epicure.
Oh yeah.
Where is the epicure is the perfect place for it.
Right.
Go over on epicure still around.
Man, it's.
Yeah.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Fastens of greatness on Miami Beach is the epicure.
Yeah.
Oh boy, that good.
I'm on my way.
I'm going to get you some.
Get yourself some of that.
Motsubal soup in the bottle in the jar.
It's a big cast.
It gets some brisket and a big casserole of Luxian Coral and plunk yourself down in the
couch and watch the.
And then you can pair the staple night with Ajax.
Yeah, but you'll do a halibut show tomorrow.
Okay.
See you, man.
All right.
You too.
Bye.
Give me 50 dollars.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
That's why I don't really care what I put my hoping stars and hoping best out eyes.
Epodon pteoks it's
pkleish pummel.
It's all absurd.
lt's all eating
good fruit tomatoes.
In Sehrrein Cookies and toидSPEAKS
In Sehrrein toидSPEAKS
Dean li warranty
Also the
Lebars du controirlis
More
Again
Indeed
I set the door in the back of the house.
Why you leave me?
Oh my God, I want you, Spongebob.
I know I'm a big ass going on with tattoos.
Why you even know all the new Maja rules?
I'll make you the judge.
That he only cares.
You better go and talk tonight.
You better show him an I'm taking place.
I know I didn't know I'm playing with him.
But when they drop my voice, we'll carry you.
You little smoothies.
We'll be going.
We'll be going.
We'll be going.
We'll be going.
Look at that.
It's 12 minutes after 10 already.
We're ready for a first break.
How do you like that?
Thanks to the Humper.
Man, I can't imagine even living.
I don't think I would survive if I had eaten all my meals
in restaurants that have been dead 20 years ago.
I'm a fat Jew.
I'm serious.
How can you survive not having any food in the house?
I take him in his word, I believe that.
What kind of a life is that eating all your meals in restaurants?
It's like great life.
It's a great life.
Yeah, it's a great life until they put you in the box.
They stick your ass in the ground.
Maybe he eats at healthy restaurants.
You know, like the rascal house.
Right.
That's pretty healthy.
320 votes on the next poll.
Oh, I already had just put my fat ass back in the chair now.
How do you like that?
Pretty exciting.
10-13 at WDQAM.
Nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip.
All right.
This is G. Gordon-Lady.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-hole.
We salute you, Mr. Minor League Stadium Security Officer.
Mr. Minor League Stadium Security Officer.
You flunked out of Mall Cough School.
So you took a gig, sifting through the personal belongings of fans
of the local short season A-ball team.
You take tremendous pride in asking teens to remove their cell phone batteries.
And more than once, you've kept a serious citizen from entering the park with their pacemaker.
Where are you?
Sure.
Your commitment to your job keeps most fans from entering till the third inning.
But you don't care.
You're a public servant.
Public be damned.
God of Christmas, God of Christmas!
So we salute you, Mr. Minor League Stadium Security Officer.
Though walkie-talkie on your shoulder.
Your stop-up badge.
And your magic wand.
You are real American A-hole.
Let's go frisk a crawl in the mirror.
What do you say?
10-18 at 5-60 WQM.
Here's our award-winning lineup such as it is, the Moe Myster.
Nobody like that in the world.
Thank the Lord.
How are Moe Howard at the two o'clock Mad Dogs have three solid hours tonight?
Can you believe that?
Four until 70.
Better go into training for those long three hour days like today.
Seven o'clock you got your Panther preview.
The Panthers at the Devils in Jersey at the Meadowlands tonight.
Hopefully rebounding from last night's embarrassing, humiliating,
for nothing shut out at the garden.
And Kaplan after the hockey game.
That's our award-winning lineup.
We ain't got no juice league, got no toast.
And we certainly don't got no Joel Kaplan with that big head he's got.
Let's see.
Here's a fact that says reference 7-14 years today is Joe Friday's badge number.
Yeah, we know that in the beginning of Dragonet.
And then it's got on here right side.
I didn't.
We didn't know his badge number was 7-14.
I remember I said I know it now.
Well, that's why he was like he was on quailudes all the time.
Not beat you to it.
Oh, right.
And then it says on here, I thought he did look good.
Jack Webb looked good.
Okay, earth he didn't look so good.
Give me a break.
Even his mom did that.
I think there's some like narrative in the second week of the game.
Lucky.
Boy you can see Joe.
Come here.
I'm here really late.
And now we can go to the game.
Wow.
Here's another fact.
Oh, Dave the cop.
Boy, you are so ponderous.
Jesus got all mighty.
That's one of the reasons I'm so glad that I have very little time that I've ever spent in South Florida.
People are so, they just wear you up.
You know what I mean?
They wear you up.
You know what I know it is.
Same old, tired, same old, same old.
God.
Dave the cop.
Needless to say, I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
I'm happier.
he's a prime coach of a pretty ponderance.
Ba-ba-ba-ba.
Ba-ba-ba-ba.
I just like Denise Pafeles.
A lot of words you're not saying in it.
Say, what a bargain!
Okay, that makes you a hell of a lot better a man than all rest of it, Dave!
Your team won a game.
Big stink and deal.
Hi.
1822 votes.
How do you like that for a total nhimadrane beginning of the week pool on a Monday tablespoons, huh?
Aren't you impressed?
I am impressed.
Yes, you are in a game.
What do you think is the cause of all the recent natural disasters we have scare us today?
All his crap is going on and another hurricane maybe coming right your way.
Oh no!
Willma.
Well, Wilma's coming.
And the way I'm hearing is that if the hurricane
that cats free right now they're saying
it could be a cat for by the time it hits land.
Turn the place into like a bedrock, you think?
Yeah, or so we just, what would you expect from Wilma?
Anyway, 1822 votes, cause of all the recent
Ion towards the assures.
Schmidt happened 653.
Just crap happens, man.
Just the way it is.
Just have to go with the flow.
Global warming for 60.
Oh, that's another Kami Pinko plot.
God forbid they should mention global warming.
Like that idiot they had on CNN this morning
with doing a tap dance around it.
Wow, but a beep, but a boop, but a boop,
and a natural, a decadial cycle, all of a sudden a crap.
Yeah, hop on your unicycle and get lost.
Remember the unicycle in the prisoner?
Well, I'm sure you do.
Sure.
We're paying for the sins of Bush 356.
The sins of Bush so many, it's so little time.
It's the gazeball 98, like everything else.
Yeah, blame the gate.
That's it.
Everything they do, all that perversion stuff.
Who cares 86?
God has pissed off 86.
Well, that's 86.
God, what do you say?
And the end days are near 80's community.
End days are near.
That's what the crazy people have been saying.
All my life they've been saying.
I remember when I was a kid in Canada,
when New York and they'd come to set it,
it was at the Joe and his witnesses with a watchtower.
That's them.
Yeah.
And they'd come knocking on the door.
Might be a home after school.
And I'd answer the door and some crazy lady would have pamphlet.
You know, what was the pamphlet called?
The watchtower.
I just got to your son.
And oh, the end days are near and you have to read all about it here.
Let me leave this with you.
About, yeah.
And then I would, you know, flush it down the toilet or whatever.
Just crazy people.
Crazy, crazy people.
Stop it.
A religious crap.
Please.
Religious, religious fanaticism.
And that's like a redundancy, right?
Open.
I'm not real religious.
Well, if you're religious at all,
if you believe any of the fairytales,
we're scared of you.
We are scared of you.
We just don't want to be near you.
We don't want you to darken our door.
Just get away before you do harm to somebody.
Got some good news, though.
President Bush's job of evaluating continues to plummet.
Plummet, not to drop.
But I like that.
With 39% of American surveyed in the latest CNN USA
today, Galapal supporting his performance compared
to 58% expressing disapproval.
You stink, Georgie.
You are bad.
And Bush too.
Yeah.
Well, just wait till those numbers come out on Friday.
I know.
In the latest poll, Bush's support appeared
where we wrote it among even suburban residents
who had been among his strongest backers,
falling from 51% in last month's poll,
to just 41% of the latest survey in suburbia.
Even those wealthy, yuppie, hoppy, whatever they want
to do with some of you bucks with those nice tax cuts,
even they're getting p-oed.
Among urban residents is appropriating didn't buds
still at 34% and among rural residents
it was about the same.
44% versus 45% last month, farmers.
Those pickers, farmers, people that grow that core
and then pick it.
Check it out.
So here you go, and here's our poll for today
before we get to that Wilma business.
And then we'll get like 8,000 suggestions for that.
I would think for the poll today, wouldn't you?
I wouldn't.
They're just going to vote for Roseanne, which they just
know.
I mean, she's obnoxious, but I didn't even vote for her.
I voted for the funds.
I got all kinds of polls here.
I got polls up the nose.
You keep telling me.
I do.
I'm getting ahead of myself.
The only way to survive, I'm trying
to give you a little lesson in life
for when you take over to show him about five minutes.
Get yourself a head, man.
Give the like, have a whole bunch of pile of polls planned.
And then you're like, just like sliding off a log.
It's easy.
All right.
Piece of cake.
Piece of a lotion coral.
That would definitely really go in there,
but there's nowhere I can get lotion coral here.
One thing about the food here is bad.
It is bad.
That's probably good for you then.
No, you're right.
I mean, in fact, two things would happen.
If I ate all my meals in restaurants,
I'd probably get tired eating because the restaurants here,
Montreal's where the good restaurants are in Canada.
That's where the good food is.
Trust me.
Although we do have a great Roots Chris here,
the best in the world.
How many, you know, that's not a thing like you go
with her.
Eat like three times a week at Roots Chris.
Come on.
If you got the big bucks like you.
No, no, it's got nothing to do with bucks.
It's just that I just can't imagine it.
Because when you go to a place like Roots Chris,
you're eating a big meal.
You're just gorging yourself with food, you know?
Normally because it's a special event.
But if you want regularly, you could just take it easy.
No.
Have a little sirloins, right?
And then no, and then walk out.
Just walk away before those things.
Anyway, the most obnoxious character
from any TV show ever obnoxious.
Keep that word in mind obnoxious, OK?
Keep going.
Go go go.
In Roots Dan, we got 364 hosts already.
Roots Dan 115, the nanny 94.
Now that is oh god.
Antisemitism right there.
Steve Irkho, family man, there's George Putt Irkho
on their 62.
Oh, yeah.
Poor Shaq, welcome back.
Cutter.
Look how many he's got.
About 30, man.
Mod 24.
You know, it's how a lot of these are like,
make you anti-submitage like mod and the nanny.
Maybe they can alope.
Mod was Jewish.
Are you kidding me?
Be Arthur?
Well, I mean the character.
I didn't know the characters were Jewish.
Get out of here.
I remember.
No more pal 15.
Fancy from amputees.
You got my vote to fans.
Eee.
I mean, just a tribute to stupidity.
14.
Barbarino, welcome back, cutter.
Six.
That's Jeremy Volder, right?
Yes it is.
Phil Stubbs, Ed too.
Tom Bosley, happy.
Tom Bosley's got a pair.
And Marla Henry's from Boston Public Scott nun.
She was on some pull I phone online.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Who is it?
Maria Henry has never heard of her.
Still no no who it is.
She's got the mic in her mind because she's still got.
She's got like Joel Feinberg.
She's got the big key.
She got nothing.
Well, Friday's going to be a dark day in your life.
There will be a lot of drinking between now and then.
Coming up tonight, an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile
story.
He was born Grandmaster Flash.
Until he set the world of rap on fire as Joseph Sandler.
Oh, wait.
Say the name around.
First, he was Joseph Sandler.
Then, he was Grandmaster.
Well, you know what I mean.
No, no, no.
Ohio baby.
You know, Ohio baby.
You know, Ohio baby.
And don't ever come back.
No, Grandmaster Flash was impossibly influential on the entire U-bra of rap music.
Us magazine music critic.
Lenin critic.
He revolutionized the club DJ vernacular.
And in white lines, he makes quite a political statement about the inequity of American drug
policy toward minorities.
I'm just glad there are white people like me around who can put all this in the proper
historical sociopolitical context.
Oh, wait, that sounded a little, well, racist, didn't it?
Oh, yeah.
All I meant was that black people don't really understand the overarching significance of
their contributions to the musical diaspora.
Oh, hang on.
I'm trying to say that when it comes to analyzing the effect of rap music on the culture, black
artists should just leave it up to academia and be glad that their music is now offered
in a college curriculum.
Dude, you are digging yourself quite a whole year.
Oh, god.
I rather am, aren't I?
Let me shift the focus to Flash's anti-drug message, which points out that if a black person
is found with drugs, it's hard jail time.
While if a white businessman is found with drugs, he gets off with a warning.
Excuse me one second.
This is a blake and you're snoring coca.
Go away.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, you're white.
Bye now.
Go on, guys.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
Grandmaster Flash, if only he still had relevance.
It's a big juicy, sobbing with look at your business tonight, on inside the behind.
Do you have a 90 votes set to pull on Ray Henry's final gallon from Boston pubic?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know or look back at his name.
And I never thought he's strong enough to find out his name.
That distinguishable of my relation with him and being loved with him.
And I've never wanted to create a miracle of his wife, a healthy 21.
I don't know.
And I think grind got a்?
in New York. That's America for you man. The fascists are doing it the goose
steppers. Now what are these faxes we got here before given that heavy
stuff about Wilma? Well I just want to pass that along and it will take 40,000
calls like this one here. QIM hello. QIM. Okay I think there is just a line checker
I guess. Are these ones working today or what? Yes. With the poll question we have
today you think that I already been just foaming off them out. It's such a good
negative hostile poll. Just the kind of thing that people... well maybe people
are off to find their viscuine and lumber now in batteries right in the bottle
water. Here's the fact that it's how about these losers? VA
Barakis from the 18 is played by Mr. T. Was that his name? VA Barakis? I'll take
their word. Can we just put Mr. T on there? Let's do that. Yeah that's a lot
easier. I mean because some of these were put on there like the character's name
or like in Tom Bosley the actor it makes you know. Newman from a
Seinfeld okay didn't watch that show obviously after the scene was wrong with
hysterical. Was funny? Funny one of the funniest creatures. Well then we'll
feed that off. Any character played by Joe Putton and I see that's not
hated when they do that. They don't get this though. But the all-time he has
Larry David from Kirby Enthusiasm. Okay well that one's okay. All right we'll
put Larry David on there. Larry David on there. I think that's another
part of my enthusiasm. And then it says Rich from Brooklyn thanks and don't ever
change. Oh there's one thing I changed is my underwear once it's twice a month
whether you need it or not. That's right that's the only thing you need. Okay let
me just be for all of them. Now they're caught. See I was going to get into this
thing about Wilma. But now that we got it first you know that these are going to be
really good calls because I discovered coming back yesterday after vacation
that it's really we've had a real change here. WDQYM hello. Hey how could you be
bored getting your dolly script closing on? WDQYM hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I don't
know her name that thing that's on the Drew Carrey show. You know the secretary?
Yeah me. Yeah me. Yeah me. Yeah me. Yeah me. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Now me. Me from the Drew Carrey show. Okay thanks pal. That's screaming me
me to you WDQYM hello. Yeah let's go with the white man blowing a hole in that
left WDQYM hello. Hey Neil how you doing today? Okay. I don't know if you've seen
it yet but I've been watching the storm here on the internet and at the the
latest track which was issued at 5 a.m. Yes. Models they have the center line
going right through Florida West Wano Western Dave County goes right through
Broward County and actually comes right out between Hollywood and Fort Lauderdale.
Oh my god. Catch three by the way they're saying catch three. Yeah catch three but
you guys you also saying that they haven't got any ID yesterday they were showing
it going right through in New Orleans so they haven't got any. Well two days ago
they had all the tracks going into a cancun and cause a while. Right. It's not it's not
moving it's just almost stationary. Hold on hold on hold on. They said this
morning that's what what's his name that Jack asked on CNN said he says moving
very slowly. Well don't watch CNN but I just looked at this satellite. I looked at
all the satellite. I'm really into this stuff and it is definitely moving to the
north way. It could be the next Brian Nerkross. Well yeah but I'm not going to talk
I do. Brian Nerker. This don't be the next Miss Kamal but anyway. I just wanted to
tell you that traditionally a lot of the major hurricane that have hit Florida
over the last time it is a year. It is a year. Right. It come out of the
Northwest Caribbean in the middle and latter part of October. Uh oh. The last
major hurricane that we want to get you first nervous. But the last major hurricane
that we'll make a direct hit on the city Miami which was a cab three and it was an
Andrew hit on the 18th of October 1950 and that was Hurricane King. In the
19. King. Yeah. In the 19. In the 1940s we had two storms in 1948 come right out
of the same area and cross over South Florida from the Northwest Caribbean.
Were you predicting the big blow is coming? Is that what you're saying? Um well I don't
think it's going to be a really bad storm. It could be a low end category three. I don't
think we're going to get a four or five. Yeah. But what I'm trying to say is we could
get basically sort of a direct hit. Well it wasn't Katrina three when it came through
uh Dayton Broward. No Katrina was only a category one. Yeah. Well I'm looking
at how much damage that did in Dave County. Well that's true. Well if it's a
cat's tree how do you know it's going to be a weak cat's tree. You don't know it's
too far away now. Well that's right. The over those over those heated waters man.
Nothing global warming is going to do it but those hot waters there in the Gulf.
That's true but once it gets north of Cuba into the southeast Gulf of Mexico. Yeah.
There's a lot of wind shear and there's a lot of dry air over there and it's all over
this stuff aren't you? Well I'm in Tupin into Hurricane told my life I was born and raised
and I'm the guy that used to watch Bill Ross all the time. I played that Bill Ross promo
for you about a year ago. Right. It was my favorite. Was he really? Oh yeah. The
guy was way better. I was way better. Better myself before before Bill come all Bill Ross
was the best. Right. But Bill Ross was better. Especially those promos he did in Channel
7. Margarine Jones gets his man. He was pretty bad. Oh yeah. Good luck to you pal.
All right. Forget get over to a home depot right now. You guys take care. See you. How do
you like that? That was some analization wasn't it? Hey let's have them call it regularly.
Better you get like our correspondent because we don't get squat from our news partners
there in Channel 6. We get nothing you know that's the biggest bogus garbage. Another another
QA M. L. I. Oh our partners are Channel 6 isn't it 6 now? I used to be 10 I guess. It is
wrong with I guess we got something against Don. Yeah that must be it. I personally like Don.
No myself. He's a good weather guy and he doesn't get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
Who's the one on the channel? Do we even know who the weather guy is on Channel 6 anymore?
Lonnie Quinn. Lonnie Quinn. Is that the mighty Quinn? That's what I've heard. What if he's
came to Pat Quinn? 1041. Oh here's the oven. We still have the tropical storm warnings
in effect from Honduras back through Nicaragua and we're also looking at Hurricane
and we're looking at the Cayman Islands. Let me show you the forecast. Here we go.
We're going to stop as well. I'll play this number so if you're putting this at home here's
not good. The same winds now 75 miles per hour and look at this. Here's the tip of Florida
here. Miami right here. There's that tip. West right here and here's our forecast.
I'll tell Joyce's on TV. You'll have a little break down. She'll have a fit. That is an
indication of a category 3 hurricane and just to kind of eyeball this quickly we are looking
at a forecast wind speed of about 105 knots which corresponds to about 125 or so.
I get to the epic here today. I'm going to go there and stop over there. It's all the
way through the weekend because it's going to be. During the day on Friday and then approaching
the Florida still too early to say exactly where. All the way up to the Florida.
That's stuff coming forward again. What a shock.
May we go down following is a test of the FEMA alert system. This is only a test.
What happened? Where? This was only a test. If it had been an actual emergency you would
have received instructions from FEMA within four or five days. Give a take. Thank you.
1047. Okay. Speaking of that Wilma expected to become an intense hurricane threaten Southwest
Florida. All the why does the headlines say threaten Southwest Florida in the Sun
Central? What does that mean? Well, it's going to hit them first. Yeah. And then and then
but a Bing man. But a Bing. No need to have the panic button just yet says a Ken K rhymes
with gay. He says before the residents should keep a close watch on proper storm Wilma which
emerged in the Northwest Caribbean yesterday could cross our Florida from west to east as
a major hurricane by the weekend. Well, I'm trying to the Lord. He's got it in for you.
There's a poor Ray Nagan man before. But a good. Testifying on Capitol Hill about how
they a horse ball job they did the horse act job. They didn't know. The 8 a.m. Tuesday
track this morning issued by the National Hurricane Center. According to that guy to call
before I don't even know if I can outdo what he did. Probably not. Well, there you go.
There's a casino is going inland in Baloxie and now the Lord is really going to be peeled.
You just wait till next one. Coming to the Gulf. Yeah. Has Wilma making landfall on the
Southwest coast of Florida and moving across the state toward the southeast coast as
a weekend's overland. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my.
Oh my. Oh my. This place is all a South Florida. The cone of concern. What is not there's
nothing worse than being in that cone of concern. Isn't it? I thought it was the code of terror.
Now on young Kipper was the coin of concern. When a set of the storm predicted to pass to
pass over on Sunday. Do you hear that? I heard it. It's a. They said we're on Sunday.
They got their holidays screwed up. Man, I thought that's like an April around Easter time
is face off. So Hank gets a maca for the weekend for the holidays and some brisket would
be good too. There is a vascular brisket. Who were on a set of brisket that time? I forget
the guy's name. I think corkeys. Okay. No, and that's some guy I'm talking about corkeys.
They said that was brisket. Don't you remember? The brisket said which is yeah. A task
of the Tiscuit. You can't beat that brisket. Man, it was good stuff. There is now see
you can hang out me going with this food stuff. Now that's bad because I need to have a
non eating day today because I did have some banana nut yesterday. Some hogging does. I
don't want to admit that on the air because people think I'm a fat pig and guess what?
I'm a fat pig. Well, just go gamble. I don't want to tell you that I had well, it would
be embarrassing to say that I had a pint and then it was so good I went over got another
one. I did. Back to that. That's a court. That would be a terrible if you had done that.
Well, I did did. There is a large variability in large errors associated with a four and
five day forecast. So this time stay tuned and monitor closely the progress of the
server came. These centers said the statement will have become the 21st name we know of
that but a beep but a boop but a bump. It's expected to become an intense hurricane
in the Northwestern Caribbean Sea. Typical of those hurricanes which commonly occurred
in October during the 30s, 40s and 50s. The one about 30,000, 40s and 50s the hurricane center
said, oh, I think that guy had a stomach on it. Forecaster said it could strengthen the
years. 12 hurricane by today. Well, if it's 75 mile an hour winds already. Doesn't that
make it her cat one? Yes. Okay. That many hurricanes formed in 1969. The most since record
keeping began 1851. Uh oh. And eight o'clock this morning, Wilmostop's insane winds increased
to about 70 miles an hour. If it sustained winds reach 74, which it already has 75, it's
upgraded with cat one. Well, I'm not really sure what they showed on there before. Forecaster
said Wilmostop's about 240 miles south southeast of Grand Cayman Island. New forecast models
for to place the storm closer to Western Cuba. Then Mexico is Yucatan Peninsula by Friday.
The storm was forecasted and turned sharply in the Gulf of Mexico toward Florida. Make
a sharp right turn over the weekend and bought a bang. That said, you folks, you better get
out there right now and make your preparations. Get some preparation. Oh, yeah, I would.
I'm telling you because it's going to be a real pain in the ass this truck in this Wilmo
thing. Another one just one act of the other. I feel that who would want to live in a tropical
swamp like that that keeps getting drenched in. Uh, I just don't get it. Me either. 440
votes on the pool. Now yesterday, I did me like over 500 in the first hour. Yes. I guess
they don't like this pool as much or maybe we ought to take some calls and get a lot more
names of obnoxious characters on here. Maybe they're most obnoxious characters none
there yet, but I doubt it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless
lines. W. A. M. Hello. Q. I. M. Yes, sir. Okay. If Wilmo come in, when is Fred and I
know, I'm going to get up. This is getting ridiculous. I'm just freaking hard against this
global warming and boys just want to do anything. He's big.
I'm John. W. Q. I. M. Hello. I see the him up. They could not do that one. Is there a
storm? That's a new line for him anyway. W. Q. I. M. Hello. Q. I. M. Hello. What is with
these phones, many people are slow. I guess they all dropped everything and they ran
off to a home depot bus. And they ran off to divide their viscweed and they ran to
public to clear the shelves while I watered all the batteries and their flashlights. And
of course, their transistor sister get one of them. How do we radios man? Whatever you
do. Because here with our vast news capabilities of Q. I. M. I'm sure that this will be the
station that you be glued to for the very latest and the greatest. I wouldn't be ashamed
if that thing came blowing through here like tomorrow and all of a sudden, not to transmit
it down. We were off for like a month. W. Q. I. M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil.
I just wanted to say. Oh God. I'll pathetic or what? W. Q. I. M. Hello. Gilbert Godfrey
is quite a horrible most of not. What character does he play on what show? Yeah, what
show is he on? He's on movies. Yeah, you don't get it. We're not asking for the most
of the same. They just so stupid, man. It's pathetic. The most obnoxious character for
many TV show. Not the most obnoxious actor, actress, comedian, comedian, pitch man, whatever.
Hey, let me ask you a question. Yes. I got a fax here. I won't send because you won't
be able to read it. It's that. Okay. But it says Lenny and Squiggy. Should we put them
on there as a unit from Laverne and Shirley? Your favorite show? No, it says obnoxious character.
I'm going to be going to meet you on there. If you want. We got more than one from a happy
day. You know how it comes. Visely. We got fans here on there. And I wouldn't surprise
me if they put Amy's famous, Amy's Williams on there too, whatever he played. I think
we could just kind of like benign. Let's just start to separate them because they never
appeared. Well, you're going to have, you know, Shlamila and Shlamazal are like two separate
words. Okay. You better get with it. W. Q. I. M. Hello. Q. I. M. Come here, jogger.
W. Q. I. M. Hello. Fashion. You know what's up, buddy? Yes, sir. I wanted to ask you a question.
One of your, uh, one of your commercials on Q. A. We don't discuss our commercials.
W. Q. I. M. Hello. These are good. You called it this morning. Better than yesterday.
W. Q. I. M. Hello. W. Q. I. M. Hello. Hello. That was a bad gargle. Yes, sir. Yeah.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Is this Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah. I like you. Well, it sounds
to me to me to better trouble. It's probably all that ice cream I yesterday messed up my, uh, my,
roll of flamagot. And mine too. Uh, it's time to call weaver. Call them in. He'll tell us what
it happened. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Keep going. I'm doing it. Somebody who I am. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. And hope. She's a complete character to me. Yeah. Okay.
Tell me to Q. I. M. Hello. Well, yes, sir. How about Erkley? Is he on the pole? He sure is. He's
doing great. He's moved in the second place and on the, uh, or third place on the air. We're waiting
to the top. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. You're welcome. You were right about that. He, uh, gave
her, but I also had to start. But he's making a big, uh, the big move leaps and bounds.
W. Q. I. M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Dr. Smith from, uh, Lawson's Faith.
Very good. Good. Good choice. I'm fine. Okay. Every, every, every call we get to get
call waiting. Right? There's like a, we got like a daisy chain going on here, you know.
They're hanging up really fast. Like they just can't, no, no, that wasn't the hang up. That
was a call waiting. WQ. I. M. Hello. The college is all.
How's, uh, June, what was that? Was it June, Alison? No, you know, that's a depends lady.
June Lockhart. That's it. Who was also in Lacey and she was in Lost in Space.
It's kind of, uh, is annoying to not, I don't want to put her on the floor. Okay. Compare.
She's aggravating. Here's line nine Q. I. M. Hello. Okay. They're good. They're the best
ever today. We'll talk yesterday. Yesterday was just a warm up for this. W. Q. I. M. Hello.
Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, how about this wiki from the Vernon Shirley?
I've just got it. Okay. Thanks. How much wiki from the Vernon Shirley? What do you say?
Slameel. Slameel. What do you say? Uh, oh, you just really. That's the only one that's
bothered by that thing. By what? That's slameel. Slameel. Slameel business. You don't have to be
Jewish to hate that. Yeah. Well, no, the idea is it's just, it's just in a, it's idiotic. I mean,
it's a national network TV show and they're talking to you. It's on there. Okay. What kind of a
hazard? Why is that? Well, there's just too many goi about there. That's why that show is not
anymore. There's number one. It was bad show. And number two, there's too many goi.
They don't want to hear about shule meals and shule mausles. Okay. 1056 and 560 wqa.
This is the Neil Roger show. This is your blame.
No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Any question? This spring, some stations will give you cars,
some stations will give you cash. But this station is going to give you something that really
cal, because this station is going to give you a great body. Just be the tenth color.
Will you hear this? And you'll be the membership and our free wage loss program.
Will Center Station representative, your house, to lock you in the bathroom for two or three
That's right.
All of the water in two-faced you can eat.
Come to lie, you'll be looking shy.
And you'll have the brightest smile on the beach.
This station accepts no responsibility
for minor complications resulting from our weight loss program,
like protein deficiencies, rickets, scurvy, or death.
Get ready for swimsuits and don't forget the flaws.
Even listening for your judge.
Go away.
It's 11-01.
I can't stop thinking about the fact that Hank never has any food
and the refrigerator just got, you know, like soda.
Why?
He's a single guy with enough money to eat out.
All the time.
Well, who now wants to eat a restaurant, saw your meals?
What do you mean?
When you're sitting there watching ball games,
you've got to have like something a bunch on.
No, current.
Here's a fact from Albert who says, please, please.
And it's a very good one, Albert.
I agree with you.
I might actually change my vote.
Will Smith from the Fresh Prince.
Right.
Can't we just put the Fresh Prince?
Well, that was his name on the show.
So what?
Will Smith.
What do you mean that was his name on the show?
That was his character's name as well.
Also, it's his not really the dolphins could you please
play the Orlando Marri song.
No, not in fact.
Okay, well put on there whatever you want.
You can put Will Smith.
Well, whatever makes you happy.
Okay, but I would seem to be the Fresh Prince is more definitive.
But that's okay.
Fresh Prince was the name of the show.
I understand that.
What about the mod?
Was nothing in the show?
Okay.
The nanny was nothing in the show.
Okay.
So it can be either or you put on it whatever you want.
Here's somebody John from, oh John from Columbia really pisses me off.
He says, cojuic.
Huh?
I knew it was, but you know.
I don't care.
I mean, I thought it was a good show.
I like cojectives fine.
He just probably, I don't like bald people.
That's all they're like telling civilians.
Maybe it's not Greeks.
Maybe that's the problem.
How John?
Maybe you don't like geeks.
You probably like geeks and stuff.
You're a lot of them.
You got plenty of them.
He's just not Greeks.
Well, that's a baby.
Yeah, we know a lot of, I know a lot of guys are like Greek.
You're fairy.
Anyway, oh, you're like this story.
Florida worker stabbed in microwave dispute in Tamarack.
Oh, yeah.
I need to know more.
The microwave war is in Tamarack.
Oi!
Things got very ugly at a Walgreens when police said one employee stabbed a co-worker over
who could microwave her soup first?
Well, that happens in that studio of ours there all the time.
Yeah.
Both women wanted to use the microwave and employee break room Wednesday afternoon, last week,
currently, BS.
Oh!
But while they were fighting over who could use the microwave first, Melissa Grant.
No, I'm sorry.
I'm a leisure grant.
Grab a large kitchen knife off the counter and stabbed murlows till, till me in the abdomen,
the sheriff's office said.
They didn't get a log to begin with who could use the microwave first became a major issue
as spokesman Jim May at all said from the BS.
Oh!
The two women then wrestled for the knife, each cutting their hands before the storm manager
could stop to fight late all said, till me, 20 was hospitalized in good condition.
Grant, 23, of North Lauderdale, was charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon
after being treated hospital for her wounds.
How do you like that over who's going to put their soup in a microwave first?
That is a beautiful thing.
Only in South Florida.
As a matter of fact, it's a good thing that wasn't a gun or anything because now with an interlock,
we got right?
That's right.
I feel threatened.
You know, I don't think I have words my soup.
It's not in the thing here.
Really?
Oh, it's on one of these banks on the DCS, but who else is going to find that thing?
Do we still have that?
It's got to be around here in the cart somewhere.
It's just on the cart.
Here's some good news.
A little more we talked about this yesterday, but a little bit from the New York Daily News.
A special prosecutor's intensifying focus into who outed a CIA spy has raised questions
about whether Vice President Cheney himself is involved in eligible sources confirmed yesterday.
At least one source and one reporter who testified in the probe said,
US Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald is pursuing Cheney's role in the Valerie Plain affair.
In addition, at least six current and former Cheney staffers, most members of the WIG White House Iraq group
have testified before the grand jury, including Scooter Libby and two top Cheney national security lieutenants.
Cheney's name has come up in the indications that Cheryl may be agent closing away.
Blockbuster conspiracy charge will help from a secret snitch, says the Daily News.
They have got a senior cooperating witness, someone who's giving them all that information
the source who's been questioned and leaked probe told the Daily News yesterday.
Cheney was questioned last year by prosecutors and is tired of private attorney, former colleague Terence O'Donnell
who declined to comment when contacted by the Daily News.
Cheney's spokeswoman Leah Ann McBride only offered the standard canned response that her boss is cooperating.
Libby and Bush's political mastermind, Karl Roe,
remained in the focus of the probe and whether claims cover was blown in the scheme to embarrass her husband,
ex-invested in Joseph Wilson, who debunked claims that are racked tried to buy nuclear weapon materials in these years.
Libby is often described as Cheney's Cheney, a lural and discrete lieutenant who shares his boss's hardline philosophy
and bare knuckle attitude toward political enemies of the Bush administration, bare knuckle.
Cheney and Libby spent hours together in the course of the day, which caused the sources who know both men very well to assert
that any attempts to discredit Wilson would almost certainly have been known to the vice president.
Scooter wouldn't be freelancing on this without Cheney's knowledge of source told the Daily News.
It was probably some off-the-cuff thing. This guy Wilson could be a problem.
The news reported in July that Libby was totally obsessed with Joseph Wilson.
Maybe like him.
Whether that obsession amounts to criminal misconduct will be decided by Fitzgerald, but if Libby is intended to replicate the wrong doing,
Cheney's reputation will suffer as well.
This week we got a blockbuster, maybe then we got the Hurricane coming, we got the book coming on Friday.
Oh, all of these things.
Just when you think, see, I told you today's kind of like a limbo day.
Let's do the limbo rock.
With Rush Limbo?
Yeah.
No, let's not do that.
Let's pop a few oxies and then the limbo rock.
This weather guy, the guy, he looks like Rush since you mentioned.
Look at that.
Poor guy.
There's many a little bit today, but he looks like Rush would aggravate the fire.
Maybe more of Moore's Muscred.
Bad news. The bad news is we now have our 12th Hurricane.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Maybe it is Rush.
Maybe he'll hurt the Hurricane.
Now, it's the record for the most hurricanes that he was in.
Oh my god.
Well, I was stuck back in 1969.
Our 12th is also double the number of normal hurricanes that we see.
Well, how about abnormal hurricanes?
That's what we like.
Okay.
What do we got in this pool?
492.
That's a little on the Chevy side.
We're just a little bit lagging because Rush says if we don't get a thousand votes today,
he's taking the rest of the week off.
That's exactly what I said.
Yeah.
That's what he was thinking.
I wonder what Greg was thinking when he heard that.
Hey, you got that raise coming, man.
You got that big raise that they're working on.
Those budget talks, you know what I'm saying?
I'm asking a tough about that.
But it means that it moves, but it means that it's all this double talk.
You know, what a whim.
What a whim.
What a whim.
It's so depressing, brother.
This way till Friday, though, when Joel Feinberg kicks his own ass, the most obnoxious character
from any TV show ever is Rosanne 144, but how do I hear this?
The Nanny 126.
The Nanny.
Oh, God.
Friend Resher is the Antichrist.
Steve Irkel, family matters, 81 for Irkel.
Forshakk, from up back, Carter's got 36.
Mars got only 530, man.
Fondesy, happy days, eight, 19.
Go more pile 18.
How's Go more piles coming?
Now, is he dead?
And neighbors are not.
No, he's not.
Oh, boy.
Shazanga.
Screech, saved by the bell 10.
Oh, yeah.
That one slipped by me.
Somebody must have, like, never saw a minute of that show.
Oh, Screech.
He is to, he's like another horseback.
Well, he's worse.
Screech.
He's a Screecher.
Barbarina, welcome back, Carter 8.
Mr. T7.
Fool.
Kathy Kinney.
Steve, we didn't really need Kathy Kinney.
Is that the actress I'm assuming?
I, yeah.
Mimi from the New Carrier Show was six.
We didn't need both.
But that's all right.
Larry David Kirby, enthusiasm 3.
Sheer Kirby's mind.
Phil stops from Ed 3.
Tom Bosley from Happy Days 3.
Tom Bosley.
Squiggy from the Vernon Shirley 2.
Is that the Slamila of the Slamazzle?
Uh, the Slamazzle.
And it is in which Slamila of the Slamazzle.
See, Slamila of the Slamazzle, you ordinarily refer to a male.
I don't know if they're like female counterpart words, but anyway.
Who cares?
A Will Smith, Fresh Prince of Bel Air 1.
He makes me Kakka.
Dr. Smith lost in Space 1.
Marie Hendricks from Boston, Pubek 1.
And Kojak and Lenny from the Vernon Shirley so far have got the big, uh, the first 505 votes.
We got over 500 there.
We got a little bit of a spurt.
You see that?
Spurt?
The Supreme Court refused yesterday to prevent a Missouri prison made from getting an abortion.
Without comment, the High Court lifted a temporary state blocking of federal judges ruling that Missouri officials had to drive the woman to a clinic to have the procedure over the weekend.
Late Friday, just as parents token Thomas a grant, and they temporary state that ruling.
But yesterday's High Court decision was unanimous.
Missouri's law forbid spending tax dollars to facilitate an abortion.
But the federal judges took the position that the prison system in Missouri was blocking her from exercising that right.
The High Court said it means that she can receive the procedure.
She can go ahead and have that abortion.
The woman had planned to have the procedure done Saturday, but Thomas granted the temporary stay late Friday blocking the ruling by US District Judge Dean Whipple.
I wonder if he's getting to Mr. Whipple, you think?
He's the reason it.
Thomas then referred the case to the full court.
The woman hasn't been identified who had turned to James Faloco as another Greek of the ACLU, said in court paper that she's running out of time because she's 16 to 17 weeks pregnant.
And Missouri bars abortions after 22 weeks.
She says she'll borrow money for the abortion from friends and family, but can't afford to pay for transportation or credit to have it done.
But how come if they can afford to pay for the abortion, how come they can't afford to pay for transportation?
That sounds a little bit bogus to me.
Shut up, Tommy.
What do you hate about that?
Court fight was over those cost estimates of 250 bucks plus fuel for two guards of a company, the woman an 80 mile trip from Rousseau and Van Dalyah to a St. Louis.
When it got, cut it out, and flush it down the turlid.
Oh, you baby killer.
Good morning. It says here from Lori in Baltimore. It says how about you? Are you in for the pool?
I don't know. I guess, Lori. If that's your take.
That's Lori's take.
Stetson, where in Cal Pope?
Kind of in.
Well, who shot you? Or anyway?
He's looking really bad. He's not dead yet. Is he?
Very bad.
No, it's not yet.
The tabloids have been predicting his death for about five years now already.
He's so pickled, he might go on for another 20 years.
Yeah, well, he ain't no Mary Martin. I'll tell you that.
Let's see. Now, please have that. I'm not just bitch Laverne, but then we have Laverne on there. Isn't Laverne?
No, we do know that. Why not?
How come we left Laverne off of there?
Slimil.
Shore model.
What did you do with that novel?
I got to find that.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
During the break, I'll find it.
Not that we haven't played it before, but it says or aggravating.
It's just a, at least one thing. You know, there's, you have two, you have different combinations.
You have great theme songs from bad shows like Brought to Be Jones.
Right.
Terrible show, great theme.
You have great shows that had awful themes.
Like what?
And then he had, he had terrible themes that fit perfect because the show was awful.
I've heard in Squirley.
What was a good show that had a bad theme?
A good show with a bad theme was putting me on a spot.
A taxi.
Okay.
I hated that too.
What else?
I'm looking down this.
I don't know.
I'm sure there must be.
There must have been.
Yeah.
Like the Partridge family, for example.
Just ask the guy with the eyes. He'll sing it too.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Tell him, bring his David Cassidy blow up now along to the party.
Come on.
Do another one of your appearances real soon.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQAM on a, we're just kind of like doing the limbo rock here.
They were like in freeze frame.
Waiting for the, there you go.
Nice hair, David.
David.
You're fair.
Okay.
All right.
And Josh is out of the room.
Play it too.
What just happened now?
The audio vault cracked out.
And Josh wanted to take a break.
Juice?
Something?
AC Lucy?
Well, I don't even have my, uh, for insuridness.
Well, I'll find it.
That's good because this will kill some time while I'm, uh, looking at it.
You know, it's funny that that happened because the, the spot, the first spot started very low level there.
Right?
And I was thinking to myself, uh, oh, here we go again.
It's the audio vault.
And then I thought, no, that can't be because it's already, you know.
So maybe it was my thinking that that caused it to happen.
I'll take the blame on that possible.
I'll take the rap forward.
Uh, LeVernin's poorly.
Maybe I don't have that, but I know I got it because I feel like the audio vault quit stuff.
You know, the audio vault, that problem that, uh, he had the problem with the engineering and the audio vault.
I'm sitting here like trying to find the nice bit that I want to play and I'll just be wanting to make something that would be a crap in it.
He's in all the boxes.
Then that means it won't work.
Stuff. We have to wait for the red box to go away and then fire it off.
I'll be damned.
There isn't them just press the, uh, AV1 button.
It's on the board.
Give it a shot.
I think the band on it won't let's pot it up.
Smack it. Get a ball, P and hammer and crack, crack it.
Start hitting buttons so the roll can fires.
On the Jimmy Craig and so can you.
That's like giving virtue of kindergarten.
What?
What?
It sounds like you mean it made me get out.
It's adorable.
Congratulations.
I've been called Jimmy here.
Yeah. Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, eight.
Come on.
I just have to talk to you.
Give it a shot.
We'll take it.
We'll take it.
We'll take it.
We'll take it.
We'll bring it.
Wow.
It's a, what?
I said, wow.
Oh, man.
Who came up with that idea?
Probably some dyke, yeah.
Wouldn't doubt it.
It's kind of a dyke.
He showed the whole concept there.
Twenty after eleven at five sixty, seventy, sixty, seventy, sixty.
We've got over five hundred votes on the pool now.
For those who keep track, I would if I were you, the guy that kept track of the hurricane stuff,
is be a lot more fun to keep track of the number of hosts we have during the show on the pool every day.
Would that be a nice hobby?
And believe me, from the calls we get, it's pretty obvious a lot of you folks need a hobby badly.
Really badly.
I have no life.
Five forty eight.
That's kind of great.
We'll do like seven hundred by the top of the R, right?
Five fifty three.
Now, did Josh ever come back from doing his business?
Hey, he's that.
Well, I was very up for a two-edish thing.
All the way around, he'd bailed out.
I'm sitting here thinking myself, oh, the audio vault crapped out,
which it didn't in the beginning, but then it did.
So my second power is once again, causing it all to some like freeze frame, you know?
Kind of like, like that.
Yeah.
How can I do it?
Oh, there's gonna be advanced in Fred Frawley.
What the star?
Well, you don't want a big fight to start in here, do you?
These guys, you could be saving money.
Why just the money?
How much?
Says here, Pacificer could save you hundreds, even found the dog.
Are you seeing that?
I'm CNN?
Or do you have a different spot?
I got a different spot.
That is just unbelievable.
Care eligible prescription.
They're using an old footage, Fred Mertz and what was her name?
At Ethel.
Fred and Ethel from I Love Loosely.
And they're like, you know, they're like, I don't know how to describe it.
They're moving their lips like I'd like a bad dubbing.
Oh, a bad dubbing.
And anyway, kind of interesting.
Not a lot, but fairly interesting.
Teach your fired over refusal to display flag.
This is what's going on in Zined America, boys and girls,
and we'll get to it right after we take 20 or 30 calls.
That would be 2 a.m. hello.
Good morning, Nail.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Not there.
I'll get to that story real quick.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about rerun from what's happening?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
What's your name?
An hour from the Brady Bunt and Wondale Desert's donkey.
Okay.
Quit while you're in.
Two out of three in bad.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Wondale is.
He was a horse's ass, but he wasn't a character that I know of on any show.
He was just a commercial, right?
Right.
Right.
550 fold at any bad.
It really picked up since the Josh Klingb is inwards out.
What are you laughing about?
When a dog you got to clean them up?
That's right.
Happens to the worst of us.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil, I got two for the poll.
Okay.
Feds from the 70s show.
Excellent choice.
Balky from Perfect Strangers.
Beauty.
Nice job.
All right.
Now that's all I got.
Thank you.
That was great.
I think it was a great choice.
Yeah.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The metal block character Joey.
Oh, yeah.
The worst.
You know something?
How did I leave that off of there?
Not only is he the worst, but the promos for that show on like 75 million times a day.
And I sit there and I look at that and I think I get like a Leblanc stare at the screen.
You know.
Who is watching that show?
Exactly.
Nobody.
Thanks, Pally.
Joey.
You want to put that on your show?
And that's Joey Reynolds, of course.
No, no.
Joey.
Not to be confused with your close personal friend Joey Reynolds and Bill Marshall.
I am that him right.
Real pain in the ass.
That was the, and I'll say it again when I said to Hank before the years on IOD I want to apologize.
It was a show on Zeta was great.
Show on I and Z and the F. New is great.
But, and Zeta was sensational.
But then IOD just, it just didn't make any sense on that station.
I don't know why.
Maybe I'm, I don't know.
Am I wrong?
What makes more sense here?
Well, maybe that's not the reason.
I just don't like that show.
I just didn't care for that show.
We didn't IOD.
I don't, yeah, maybe I had something to do with the Mike Disney.
I don't know.
I didn't like it.
And English teachers have been fired because he didn't want to display an American flag and his Catholic school classroom.
Steven Kobasa.
Oh, there's nothing like good Kobasa.
A teacher at Colby Cathedral High School since 1999.
This is in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Says he's not on patriotic, but has deep seated religious beliefs that are incompatible with displaying a flag.
Well, you know what that means?
If he's got deep seated religious beliefs, you know what that means?
Like that.
That means he's crazy.
Oh, so it means he must be a Jehovah's Witness because they're the only ones that have a problem with that.
Catholic.
Nevertheless, he might be Catholic.
Catholic Catholic school.
Catholic.
Well, sorry.
Christ, space that compassion without boundaries in Kobasa, a peace activist, flags are about separation, assertions of superiority and aggression.
The whole notion that loyalty to countries connected to one's religious faith is totally bizarre and un-un-un-justify.
Kobasa said he offered a compromise earlier this year when they died as he's at Bridgeport in the next day, a new policy, requiring the plagues of allegiance to be resetted every morning.
He said he agreed to display the flag in the morning so students can recite the plagues if they wanted.
Then he would take it down.
But that was acceptable to the superintendent.
Kobasa, I was speaking of the super.
Or was that Pat Harrington?
What was that show one day at a time?
Yes it was.
What was that character?
Schneider.
Oh, put that on there.
He just...
Well, he painted Perfectus with a horrible show.
Was that Bonnie Franklin?
Yes.
Oh, God what a bad show.
One day at a time.
Kobasa 57 said he was told an unidentified colleague complained because he wouldn't display the flag.
Joseph Maccally, who he spoke to for the dice, he said it's diocesan policy not to comment on personnel matters.
Their mom.
Our Catholic schools provide a dynamic learning environment which, respectfully opinions of others, as well as respectful school property are both key components, he said, and a statement posted on the dice's website.
The dice he's at Bridgeport has long believed that the American flag is an important fixture in its Catholic school classrooms.
Kobasa was dismissed last Thursday, said he does not plan to sue.
This was never about law he said when school administrators communicated with me they would say, are you bringing your lawyer?
It was never about that.
I never raised this as a free speech as you.
What grounds would I have?
None.
It was about the moral principle that this tradition supposedly represents.
Every EDA junior at the school said she and her classmates learned through that at Kobasa had been fired.
Personally, I think he was a good teacher, she said.
He was passionate about his subjects.
It doesn't make sense to lose a good teacher or a very stupid policy like that.
How do you like that?
Kobasa said he received remarkable support from the students.
I talked right after the end, I guess I can say it was my last lesson for one student to him this matter.
Remember this.
As he held his one finger high and described, remember this.
Which was 26 past 11.
We got the mole man at 2.
We got mad dog 3, silent hours today.
4 to 7.
Panther preview with 7 guilty.
And I'll tell you, guilty is good, but that the Red Gear Randy man, he needs a lot of work.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.M.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
All right, class, all right, class of sanctions.
It's time to recite the new Pledge of Allegiance.
Everyone stands up, please.
Now place your right and your left hand over the organ of your choice.
Let's begin.
Are they or may not pledge allegiance, depending on if my parents left me to the flag?
I think of the last thing United States of America and to the Republic for which that pagan symbol,
which I reserve the right to burn stands.
One overly litigious nation under the arbitrary sway of a random universe controlled solely by immutable natural laws,
of the divided with every decreasing liberty and justice for those with a law degree and too much free time.
Very good, very good.
Amen.
11.32 at 5.62 WQM.
Lachka on taxi somebody says.
Lachka?
Okay.
We got Lachas, we got Slamiels, we got Shlamozles.
Lachka!
Hey, hey.
Boy.
Gribbiness?
Tony Macella, Tony Danza and who's the boss.
Boy, anything that is involved, all of the Tony Danza's second characters, speaking of taxi, his character.
Well, first of all, it's the same character no matter where.
Yeah.
And they're all obnoxious.
I'm trying to say he's one dimensional and obnoxious.
Yes.
Oh, I guess he was coming out with Rocky Part 85, his slice to loan, they had a piece on that this morning,
and the solely that was hyperventilating.
Yeah, it's going to be cool.
Like that.
Like that.
And then I still would like to just take that two by four right to your head.
Like Pat Robertson said when he woke up in the middle of the night, hey, Neil, take out the solely that, and then Hugo Chavez.
Somebody says, Louis de Palma, Danny DeVito from taxi.
Okay.
I thought he was hysterical, but what the hell?
They put it in the early.
They don't like little people, okay?
Apparently not.
Whoever this is from.
And also says, tattoo.
See another little person.
Tattoos, he playing.
Oh, they got a point there.
Oh, here's a good one.
J.J. from Good Times.
Oh, man.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah, we at the It's unanimous.
Oh, speaking of Good Times, who the hell is that thing?
I know.
I knew you were going to do that to me.
I love that.
I don't care what you say.
You never convince me.
Trust me.
I'm not trying.
Yeah, you are.
Good Times.
Even Josh likes that thing.
Why is that wasn't that bad?
No, good times on that show.
No, I didn't say the show was good.
I said it was a bad show with a good theme.
That is a good question.
No, what's a good show with a bad theme?
You said taxi.
Right.
I don't know if you had that theme somewhere.
First of all, it didn't fit.
It was just so morose.
What?
You talking about this?
The theme.
Yeah.
For a comic show.
The main one.
For my son, it is, man.
It looks like maybe the Bob Newhart show.
Maybe that would be more fitting.
Like Sunday morning news.
I'd rather send a little more upbeat like this.
Where was it?
Where was it?
Where was it?
Where was it?
Oh.
Wow.
Oh.
Wow.
Wow.
OK.
What else is on this list?
Floor from Alice.
I never watched Alice.
I saw Alice at the palisca ones.
Alice went to the one that said Kiss my Grids.
Oh, no.
Not flow and then Megan Malale's character from Willing Gays a grace. Okay, whoever that is. Megan Megan Megan Megan
Okay, that's it. I totally go this list up to about 50,000 obnoxious characters
That's what TV specializes in putting a lot of people to aggravate you and piss you off
That's what they do best and a very good job of that too
590 man. We're approaching the 600 mark on that pool. We'll be we'll be diddling with the 700 by the top of the hour
We got that thousand easy, right? Yep. We're like ease into that
By the way too bad the panthers couldn't score a goal last night. I would like to play guilty's a goal call on a panther goal
But short of that he's doing a good job. I'll say it again
Too on wall and leader
Oh bad news I told you see people thought I was joking about that or I was sucking up
Which is not my style believe you me and he's gonna be fine
Sure a big improvement over that funny daddy old jugs McDonald. Oh sorry jugs get on the phone with your agent now
That's just my opinion. Okay, I didn't like it. I didn't like you out 30 years ago
Just when you were doing the islander games nice didn't like you with the panthers either just uh
Boy, I don't even want to go into it. Not good and I'm queer Christian and moron
So I would say that it's safe to say that Gelly will be the signature voice of the panthers. He ain't no rumor
Oh, Gelly buys his own meals and he ain't no Dave straighter now Dave straighter see
I don't understand the Jim Sarni see he's afraid to take a pull on new panther announcers because we got both
Cp and radio new guys
He's afraid to take that pull you want to know why why he knows that all like I have an influence on it
Dave straighter talks through his teeth and he's also very boring and I saw someone at Bruins panther game last
Whatever night it was and he got more excited when the Bruins scored there at the old Macarena than when the panthers scored
That's not that's not kosher. What's that all about? Huh?
I mean it's one thing you know every goal is exciting et cetera and so on but
So here you go
Some of these guys need some other life instructions anyway josh cordists are going over there and work with these guys straight
Demo that would be just as good as they've been boring when Josh gets through with them
Windsor, California the students of Windsor high school bake hard and bake long
But it wasn't enough to retain the town's title for the world's largest punky pie. Oh, what's that what is that thing?
Language lab. Is that what it's called? It's called Greek uh, we've got language lab Chinese then we got it out
Language lab the show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds
Today's lesson Greek
Lesson one
Strawberry pie
Strawberry pie
Lesson two
Apple pie
Apple pie
Lesson three
Pumpkin pie
Ponky pie
Oh, yeah
What kind of pie do you have?
Answered apple a pie, strawberry and ponky
Language lab is a public service. I mean that'd be copied or authorized for resale. Thank you
Yes, speaking of galley you see this there were that punky stuff. It's a cheap shot
Anyway, the world's largest pumpkin pie the 468 pounds six foot four inch diameter culinary concoction
Unveiled Sunday the Windsor farmers market was the town's latest effort to take the Guinness World Record
Which it is successfully helped for the past two years little did they know
That another town had much bigger plans up its sleeve
Earlier this month they could see new Bremino high homemade a pumpkin pie that was 12 feet four inches in diameter
And weighed 1500 pounds like fat boy more than three times heavier than Windsor's effort
Marie Gannister the culinary arts instructor at Windsor high still was quick to phrase your students work
Which was cut into more than 400 slices
Plenty out the darepile used farm fresh milk while new Bremyn's pie was made of condensed milk fat. Oh god
I wouldn't use condensed milk if I was camping Gannister said
Official notification from the Guinness can take several months
So Windsor it could tend to keep the title until then and then the new Bremino high
Business great people like that a lot of a lot of spare time on her hand right building gigantic punky pies
And then the thing with that what do they call that thing with the dominoes that they have a name for that
Where they have always dominoes so I thought two miles of it and they like you know have that
V easy chain effect the domathon I don't know is it must be a the fat stomathan
56705 60 we're looking for the most obnoxious character from any TV show, okay
Now we're not people on TV that you don't like necessarily obnoxious characters obnoxious
We got over 600 votes and Roseanne so far all we got a good battle going on now
We got an excellent battle and it's a good choice too
Roseanne 163 the nanny 155 and Irkall is right on their ass with 95
Horshack 39 maw 32 faunzie
21 hey Henry you fairy gober pile 20 screech from a save by the bell 15
You ever seen screeching gody together
Same guy
Uh can't they uh Mimi from the new carry shows got 12 was she a screaming Mimi and mr. T 10 and everybody else
Single digits so far come on you can do better with Will Smith on there. Let's go see him up real fast
He's a legend in his own mind. WQ I am hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have the winner for your poll. Okay
Bob Sagitt from that show with the old some twins
What is that show?
I think it's four hours. Oh man
It's a work that's fantastic choice. Yeah, that's bag and that's sagitt. I can't stand him. Thanks, pal. Oh
even
Even Latoya said the same thing right he said that damn Sagitt. I can't stand him
Something like that
Anyway, that's a word of a hill. He'll move up nicely
What are we on here? Well, I'm getting your facts from Tracy and Kendall her votes for the pull are
Klinger
And mash oh, yeah, what a what a schnauz on that piece of work. How did you need far? It was also on a gong show a lot
Would JP Morgan that like yeah, gone show that's the ever and you did you ever might have seen that then movie the
Chuck Doris movie I did and it was good pretty interesting actually very good. Yeah, I mean all fantasy
Oh, and I got some great tabloid news. I don't know if you mentioned this you know you remember the story we had
Claiming about three four weeks ago that oh, yeah, New Year's Eve. Dick Clark's gonna be there in Times Square with somebody
I forget yeah, and I said likely story to story now in the tabloid is that he's like a vegetable
He don't even recognize his wife anymore and he's only maybe moments away from from that the big
Yeah, the big dirt nap. So that's a good news. That is good
Uh Klinger and mash and Edith munker. Oh, now that's bad. Edith munker. Oh no, no, she's crazy. We look crazy. Oh my god
That is just sacrilegious. I think she's not getting it
Yeah, you better get and take another gander at that trace you just don't understand it
She was over the top that that was the character. Don't you get it Tracy you get it no
That just makes my bloodboard. I'll wait up till now. We always like to relax Tracy
But now we're not too sure send a picture instead of making a picture will decide. That's right
Georgian Josh will decide whether we like half judgment that is I mean not can eat it's bunker
How do we get sucked into this again?
Before that save
stay
Grace
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
Oh, I don't know how to call here.
The number one rated me. I'm no holiday.
They've been in their showroom.
At least according to my aspirations.
They're away from it. I don't even know how you have children.
They're about. Hello.
I want your take on Jake Bieber.
Oh, Jake Bieber.
Is that great, Gordon? I can't.
I'm a good joke.
I like Jake Bieber.
Well, not to mention, he's got an extraordinarily smooth beatboxes.
Oh, yeah.
David, you got to be careful with your seat here.
Oh, Pete, though. Thank you, Ma'am.
No, no, wait a minute. Go go.
But I have nothing else to say.
Look at that. How about this?
I was the weather down there in the mirror, Ma'am.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait. By the way, something.
No, no. I have to go.
Look, I told you what.
I'll hold you over and I'll break house down.
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
I'll stop.
No way.
That worked out really well.
We had this.
The fans on your nose is rolling again.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
You got sick with your face.
When you know that I just face.
And around those golden symbols.
You've got my, my, my, my.
If you go looking up here at your feet.
A road map of history.
You've got your happy sun.
Way to die.
I'm going to go.
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I see.
And my face says that I start to tickle.
I annoyed the door to door.
Yeah, I don't like the fall on a path.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'll find the way to go.
With the days.
And in time I got to ask the seed.
And tell you, can I just let my breath.
How are you now having a feeling?
What the way?
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
What else to go?
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
Okay, so let me tell you the five sixty-dewty.
Here's the little update on an upchuck on Wilma.
Do we have a, we must have something in there in the VCS.
About what?
What's going on?
Is that a bit, Ray?
It's a bit, you were silly.
You took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you grow up big.
Strong.
But today, big and strong isn't good enough anymore.
That's why you need to give your kids Flintstone's chewable steroids.
A non-vitamin would be extra points.
Ask yourself, what do my kids need most?
Healthy, balanced nutrition or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can
crush anything in their pan.
Flintstone's chewable steroids come in poor tasting flavors like bread and
steamed dioles, bam, bandrolls, and oxen dino dreams.
Flintstone's chewable steroids, your kids will love their new Balkan striated muscles
issue.
And it'll be years before they even care about their ever-shrinking genitalia.
And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her brownie crew to have her own
goatee?
God grant power upon the soul!
What do you mean?
I said power upon the soul!
Make your kid a Flintstone's chewable steroids kid.
10 million strong and foal-ging.
I'm a great man!
I'm a great man!
I'm a great man!
After days of drifting in the Caribbean, Wilma became a record-time hurricane today.
The National Hurricane Center be saying,
at 11 o'clock this morning, Wilma had top-sustained wins at 75 miles an hour.
Didn't I tell you that?
Yes.
And was the 12th of the line of the hurricane of the season tying the record set in 1969.
The year that the Mets won the penitent 69, the year that the Jets upset the Colts and the
playoffs were in Amethright.
Okay.
Right.
Well, I'm asking Josh, he's the sports expert.
I know it's before your time.
Everything is before your time.
Too bad that the world at the end days are near.
You've been enjoyed 30 years ago.
The storm is expected to strengthen further today.
Wilma should become a category three storm in the next day or two according to a hurricane
center.
Next day or two, cum-sea cum-saum, muscle manos, whatever.
The center of Wilma was about 195 miles south-south east of Grand Cayman Island, about 200 miles east
northeast of Cabo Gracias Adiós, Nicaragua near the Underers border.
What is that?
Cabo Gracias Adiós.
Thank God.
All right.
Yeah.
Cape, thank God.
It's not to be confused with Cape Fear.
All right.
Now they will fear you.
Much nicer, Cape.
Yeah.
Wilma, which had been nearly stationary most of this morning, was moving through the northwest at seven miles an hour
of the hurricane center, said a 150-mile stretch of the 100 encostes under a tropical storm warning
in the Cayman Islands under a tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watch.
They're watching it.
The hurricane center warned western Cuba, Yucatán Peninsula, south Florida, and the Florida
Keys to monitor the progress of this potentially dangerous hurricane.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, God.
The five-day prediction for Wilma's path indicates the storm a squareth western tip of Cuba, then
turn to the northeast and the south Florida Gulf Coast.
This storm is a volatile storm, said Florida's fat ass governor, Jeb Bois.
He says, the Libyans have stepped out the preparations for another storm.
We don't really know where it's going to go, so the interpreter needs to keep an eye to the south and east of us.
We'll probably have a better idea by the middle of the way.
Oh, very good.
He's got his thumb right on the situation.
He finally took his hand off of Terry and her.
She always got his firm grasp on this one.
On Wilma.
Well, maybe he likes Wilma, maybe she doesn't snort coke or bring in smuggling goods, which means he certainly couldn't be in his family.
Let's say here's one that says, here we go again, another bogus terror threat.
What is that?
And what a coincidence that Fitzgerald will make his findings known tomorrow and hopefully with indictments.
Where was the terror threat?
I don't know.
Was that what's going on?
On the tube right now, or at least was?
I don't see it.
Did you see it?
There was something with tapping, getting diverted or something.
Oh, yeah.
Well, don't be out of bogus for this hawk awry, okay?
For this hawzer awry.
As the Japanese love to say, while they're eating their sushi.
Here's a good one.
But I've got to change my vote.
Somebody have noxious TV characters and so little time.
Jim Gabe Bullock, one row of ficus on Too Close For Comfort.
That was the first thing.
Oh, FICUS is in tree.
Ficus.
Right.
I didn't know that.
Not what you're thinking.
Ficus.
What am I thinking?
Anyway, Too Close For Comfort.
Oh, he is.
He is.
Oh, he used me to Willie's.
He also reminds me Alice Rantel.
Looks a lot like her.
Now, usually when we have somebody famous die, I do it at the beginning of the show, even if it's some old toad.
Because after all, I'm old and the Jewish and all these other things.
Hey, sorry.
You're going to get a bad, bad book on Friday, Joel.
And those calls don't bother us at all.
They got a full-time crew in there now.
They can't go on cell spots so they call us.
And I understand as Too Gots is ripping in bad behind his back, Joel, too.
I want to cause any dissension over there, but that's the rumors we're hearing from our inside sources.
Is that Too Gots is bitching you out to anybody who will listen.
Joel.
And you know, Joel, he'll do anything under the sun to hurt us.
Farmington Connecticut, Charles Rocket.
Never heard of him.
I didn't know he was out there.
Who he is.
Yeah, yeah, Saturday Night Live, I've remembered from some movies.
Hey, comedian actor appeared on Saturday Night Live.
I had rules in variety movies and TV series committed suicide.
The Stamina co-zaminer's ruled.
Rocket 56 was real name was Charles Clavary, was found dead in the field of the risk home in
Canterbury, October 7th.
His throat had been cut.
The medical examiner said.
An investigation determined there was no criminal aspect of this case.
State Sergeant J. Paul Vance said Monday, wonder if he's kin in David Vance.
Rocket was a cast member of NBC, Saturday Night Live during the 8081 season.
They too multis here that followed the departure of the original, not ready for prime prime players.
And finally, producer Lauren Michaels, Rocket came to the right.
And when he was fired from SNL for swearing on the air, he went on to appear in numerous TV shows including Moonlight.
And Max Headroom and provided voices for cartoon series.
His movie credits include Earth Girls Are Easy, Dumb and Dumber, and dances with wolves.
According to the Internet movie database, where they're very, very boring, coma inducing.
What's his name? Kevin Costner.
Kevin Costner.
Good movie, then.
Was it really good movie?
I'll take you now.
I'll tell you the untouchables was a good movie.
He was in there and I'll say it again.
The only reason he was good is because he didn't have to act.
He played a very boring career.
Just like he did in JFK only, JFK was a terrible, terrible movie.
Elliott, that's according to the documentary, was a very, you know, non-descript kind of a guy.
I preferred what's his name, myself though, from unsolved mysteries, Robert Stank.
Yeah.
God, you know the fact, oh there's Ted Kennedy.
He's gonna kick some ass.
He's always talking about that damn emergency in the Taunt Mass.
This is the new Robert Rose.
This is five sixteen.
And what's that under your shot, baby?
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal in my side of my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Hey.
The White House and somebody to his studio.
They said he'd get paid if he plugged Bush's plans on the radio.
Absolutely.
The AYOLA pay-oh-la.
They walked up to him, offered 240 grand.
To spin a few lives in an envelope, they always pay-oh-la.
The B-A-Y-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A.
Are you sure?
Well, they talk real nice about their childhood behind.
It got tax pay, your scratch each time.
News got around that he collected a fee.
They said he's in the pocket of Bush Jamie.
But I'm strong, William Sirain, your guy, Benny Regret.
He's taken right to get the news to pay-oh-la.
B-A-Y-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A-O-L-A.
From 02 to 560, can you say sell-out at any rate they're whole-odd them?
I just pick on him, right?
Right.
All of a sudden, I'll sell-out all the time.
So who is that guy from SNL?
Oh, what's his name?
That exactly.
Never heard of him.
Conrad Black, not a wrong guy.
Anyway, Hank inspired me to take a puke at Mike Mayo.
Look at this.
Look at the size of the print on this, man.
I finally figured it out, you know?
How to get this print up to like a instead of having like a
magnum vision reading glasses to read it.
A nice big size, you know.
I hope they give me my money back.
I just bought you a pair.
No, you did not.
I know.
Don't be buying me no birthday presents.
You're either a hot shot.
What?
I'm gonna do it anyway.
Why do you do that?
Just to let you-
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Hello, of course he has a...
Yes.
For the Apple?
Uh-huh.
Uncle Leo.
Hello!
Okay.
All right.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hey, uh...
Before I give you one for the poll...
Have you seen that thing on countdown?
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
Where he...
ee...
Here's how he's going...
and plug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas
tobes and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those
with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end
of the world next Tuesday at 4 p.m. mark it down.
The car is ready to drive, and that's why we have a yellow light.
Gas, display, the meaning of what needs light soon.
What needs light soon?
It's a bit intense with a set of no-bent and no-no-scar-tune.
One specified thread to one tunnel in Baltimore before this moment, it's at two tunnels,
not to say, so do you know, we really either one.
No. And who don't want to go to Baltimore anyway?
The FEMA people struggle to find food, ice water, even body bags in the days after Katrina,
a frantic effort punctuated by bureaucratic chaos in fighting and concerns about media coverage,
according to memos obtained yesterday by the A&P.
Biggest issue, resources are far exceeded by requirements wrote William Carwile, the top
team official in Mississippi, and a September 30 email to a state official, getting less than
25% of what we have been requesting from HQ Daily said, less than 25%.
I've been pretty pity.
The members on this score, how FEMA was overwhelmed by an unprepared for Katrina.
That's why I love this talk about the bird flu.
Have no fear, your government's working hard to protect you.
Anybody believe it?
No.
Anybody?
No.
The members on this score, how FEMA was overwhelmed, and unprepared the emails, 25 pages in all,
are a partial response to requests for documents by a house panel, and best again, the government's
slow response to the storm.
I wonder how downtown Brownie Brown is doing.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Churdoff is to appear in front of the house panel, hearing
tomorrow, FEMA is an arm of the Homeland Security Department, of course, as we well know.
This is flat wrong.
Is what the headings said, five days after the storm had August 29th.
Downtown, Michael Brown, Brownie Brown, then FEMA director, email to the aid saying there
had been no action for must to evacuate storm victims using planes that airlines had made available.
This is flat wrong.
We've been flying planes all afternoon, leaving the information deputy director Michael Lauter,
emailed in a reply list in 30 minutes later.
About 30 minutes.
Downtown, like he Brownie, he just was out of touch with everything.
He knew all those people at the convention center.
He knew nothing.
Poor guy.
Don't you feel sorry for him?
No.
A day earlier, FEMA official in Mississippi received an email asking for Brown satellite phone number.
So a senior Pentagon official on the Gulf Coast could call him.
Not here in Mississippi is in Louisiana as far as I know, car while email back, seemingly uncertain on the
whereabouts of the government's appointment, where he's finding that the disaster.
Car while recently retired from FEMA, he retired.
Baddling their own difficulties, FEMA officials were less than complimentary of Louisiana officials.
This one has got me worried, Brown said in August 27th, the email is the storm board on on the Gulf Coast.
I wish a certain governor was from Louisiana and his emergency manager, Brown email Craig Fugitz, emergency manager in Florida,
where fat ass jet bushings governor.
A few hours later, Patrick Rode, FEMA's acting director, email Brown.
I'm hoping they get serious about evacuating the world.
It goes on and on.
And they didn't know nothing.
Your government inaction.
That's all one word.
They saw it.
It's your hundred tax dollars, hard to work.
Are we going to make 800 votes by the top of the tower?
850?
What do we got?
724?
724?
We're not going to get to know a thousand.
This audience is screwing off, man.
They are really...
I'm guaranteeing right now they're all in a...
To have an fist bite, said publics.
And don't forget that new law now, in October 18th, 17 new, anybody tries to get that bottled water in jam in front of you in life?
They're a message to your existence, to your survival if we have a bad hurricane, if Wilma strikes on a weekend.
Right.
How do you think you meet me?
Yes.
726.
That is weak, man.
That is so lame.
We have got no shot.
Holy cow.
This is about who cares.
You know what?
So Josh will take off the rest of the week.
And as a gesture of support, we'll join him.
How do you like that?
That's right.
Take a place in sports news.
Yeah.
Here's line 9.
WQYM.
Hello.
Stay in, you know, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I got a couple for the list.
How about favor mono?
This is a couple.
Is it possible?
Or anybody from mom and family?
Okay.
Love you, new.
Bye.
See you.
Anybody from what?
All in the family he said?
He was doing well with regard to that point.
Why are you saying that?
He said mom and family.
Oh, mom and family.
What does that mean?
Anybody from like pick a name?
What is mom and family?
That's that Vicki Lawrence show is a horrible show.
Vicki Lawrence.
Oh, my.
I think he had a point.
Yeah, but anybody from.
He's a little bit.
You can give us a list of 55 anyways.
You know, the most odd nauseous character, not the 55.
Anybody I need to do?
Yeah, anybody on television.
Anybody has ever been on a sitcom?
Get with it.
Okay.
And get with this pool, man, because we're going to be outsourced if we don't get to that thousand votes after our really head start there, huh?
I told you I was a little bit nervous about this today tonight.
Of course, we can't compete with that big fat pill pop in Russia.
So from now to two o'clock, we're under the gun.
WDQAAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was talking to George last week about this broad on ABC news saying that the implications from the delay indictment is going to be huge for the Bush White House.
Yeah.
It just shows that they're they're lost because if the king get them on a war and a hurricane and all the other PS.
Yeah.
But anyway,
I'm talking to Cory.
Not to mention that phony teleconference of the truth last Thursday.
Well, that was it.
If they spent about two minutes exposing that and that was the end of that, we didn't hear from all of us.
It's going to walk.
Yeah.
Scooter is going to scoot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we're all going to take out the nose.
Yeah.
Anyway, Neil, I'm out of material.
Good luck to you, pal.
You're a savage.
Okay.
567, he's talking about hersel savage.
Well, if there's one poor old guy that really just, well, there's several, but I mean, they just nausea me.
You're a hersel savage.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
Yeah, you do.
I do.
He's a Jewish, but looks like his panic.
Okay.
On a chunky, uh, oh, he goes way back to the day when Randy West was still doing a crap and they maybe three male porn guys.
No, I thought you were.
That's not true.
Peter North, because you mentioned him a lot.
Right.
I never would have heard of him.
You're hairy, buddy.
Right.
The head dog of porn, Ron Jeremy.
Ron Jeremy.
He's everywhere.
Randy West.
There's three we haven't even started yet.
Okay.
Oh, and John Holmes.
John Holmes is famous.
Rest in peace is right.
Uh, that's it.
That's all you got.
That's all I got.
You don't know from hersel savage.
I think this is a 40 people.
I've never really spent a lot of time on proper porn, you know.
Well, anyway, that's not my answer.
It's not correct because Joyce will get all bent out of shape and start making all kinds of disgusting comments.
Hey, Joyce, you are disgusting.
And by the way, nice job on handling all the difficulties that you and Greg and the beesleys have done this into.
Nice work.
You're really doing it.
Not.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, I wanted to ask you another question.
Yes, sir.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
I wanted to ask about it.
But the governor of Mississippi went ahead and signed those casinos that we reconstructed inland.
And I wanted to go.
Yeah.
A conservative Republican.
Right.
And pushing this state can't even let the machines go into the power mutual.
That's your friend.
Ask about it, man.
Is that a disgrace or what?
So, how could you help?
Good luck to you.
We got a lot of slots here.
Every track in Ontario has got slots.
You got your, let's see, flamburo.
You got woodbind.
You got mohawk.
You got western fear.
You got tracks and grand river.
And it must be like, I would say,
about 30, man.
All over Ontario, Canada.
And every track has got slots.
And the first is our great.
And it's bringing a lot of revenue for the province.
And of course, they are.
They're doing their thing.
A fool in this money or a assume party.
But nevertheless, it's bringing a lot of money.
It gives people a chance to get off the street, right?
Right.
Hey, just so you know, I'm not sending you this facts about Ed Schultz.
Because it's what you were telling me all about this morning.
So you already already been there.
I'm not doing that.
I don't care.
The fact that that article says,
the America is leading progressive talko to Ed Schultz.
I mean, when I read that, at that point,
I realized what was coming from.
Maybe the people, maybe the forces overseas
will be relieved not to your Ed Schultz, if you ask me.
743 votes at 12.27.
That's like, I don't know, kind of touchy.
When you think we need 257 by 2 o'clock,
257 rounds with heaven and on 11.
Oh, brother.
That is really a little on this scary side.
We're deeply concerned right now.
I bet it does come straight in there now, like when the audio vault cracked out.
There was a lot of crap going on during that moment.
What Josh told me, tunnels are closings.
They are a safety precaution after a threat.
No date, no time.
I like to guess who would say no time, but nevertheless,
they're checking out everything twice to see who's an audio nice.
Another diversion, because the moment of truth is near.
Talk about your death-long presidents.
Oh, you ain't kidding.
Goodbye, George. You gotta go me a mile.
You gotta go home, cause you got to back up that on the bio.
But you sure, you quit when it came to sick, Jerry Shiloh.
Cute.
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush. Now say goodbye, yo.
That's a good idea.
You're a project-wow people drown.
You played a round of relaxing golf, though.
He was on vacation, I already, and now you're purple of tea that's ever been known.
Oops.
And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario.
You were the one busy having fun in class, and no, no.
You'll investigate, add a later date.
That's real bullshit.
So, I think it's a situation once that,
Don't you get locked up so it don't continue.
But no one will get blamed like with age and blame no hands will roll.
Of course.
And as for this, it'd be a slap on the wrist, and no jargist file.
What a surprise.
Because you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new nest, so nobody.
A new death toll will slip into polls that's no problem, oh.
If that's it, your spin machine will deal with new Orleans, because that's their job, oh.
As per usual, son of a bush is a foot in your touch, you're an asshole.
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands, but what no rainbow.
I'm a problem solved.
You made it obvious that these can most of us, you have no shame, oh shame, what's that?
And what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people have died old?
Son of a bitch, you should be in peach, and we mean from town.
Do a solid favor and get the fuck out.
You're here.
Yeah, yeah.
27-01, they're getting all frantic now.
The Baltimore situation in news conference coming up momentarily.
Everybody panic.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
Yeah, 760 votes.
I'm gonna panic about that.
That's not good.
That is niche good, you know what?
No.
What's all happened there?
We were like rolling right along, almost on a pace with yesterday,
and just all of a sudden like they lost interest.
Maybe when we stopped taking somebody who was really fantastic calls,
that might have done it.
Anyway, do it.
What?
Do what?
Some calls.
Get outta here.
Okay, bye.
One of two tunnels carrying traffic under Baltimore's harbor was closed today,
another was partially shut down.
I guess that's a partial alert.
In order in response to what an official said was a security threat, a security threat.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, my god.
The Baltimore Harbor tunnel was closed while the Fort McKenry tunnel was partially closed,
with one way a traffic movie in each direction.
So Lieutenant Colonel David Franklin, I wonder if he's keen to Franklin's seers of the Maryland Transportation Authority police.
The closes were in response to the way it's threat the federal law enforcement official said.
The official was spoken on condition and anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue
did not provide any further information about the nature of the threat.
It's New York from Luffy.
WikiO Friday, wasn't it?
Okay.
What day was that?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
No, whatever day it was.
It's all BS.
But another federal law enforcement official said the threat was phoned into authorities by personally having information from a broad.
We don't know which broad, some broad.
Authorities are skeptical of the claim but are checking it out nonetheless of an abundance of cautionary officials said.
The source also spoke on condition and anonymity.
Ooh.
It is the best.
How about Angela Lansbury?
Why did they pick it on poor Angela?
She never thought of a free train.
What's wrong with her?
No, but she wrote about it.
What was wrong with Angela Lansbury?
Oh, I'm confused.
She ain't no dunesbury.
I'm confusing her with what's her name?
What's her name?
Her name would be Wichst.
Oh, Endora?
And who was that?
The actress?
Yes.
It'll come back.
Agnes Morehead.
There you go.
Was that it?
That's it.
Not to be confused with Mercedes McAmbridge who did the growling and all the background noises for the actresses.
Yeah.
Like Jesus.
You idiot.
Hey, you too.
Angela Lansbury, it says here.
Now, who now is that?
Murdered.
Well, that's the Miss...
Murder.
Murder, she wrote.
Oh.
Well, I wouldn't say she'd have noxious just annoying.
That's a let's talk, Matt Lock, another old piece.
Oh.
Murder, she wrote.
Angela, go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
I wouldn't put her on her.
She's not obnoxious, just very annoying.
We got a story about a nutcracking gorilla.
Okay.
You know somebody who calls me the 900-pound gorilla?
Oh, right.
You have a real ballbuster, but nevertheless.
An infant gorilla in a Congo sanctuary is smashing palm nuts between two rocks to extract oil,
surprising and intriguing sciences to...
Oh, intriguing.
There's that word again.
Maybe Greg is intrigued by this.
He's always intrigued by things, you know?
He was intrigued by the idea of taking the first theme off of there and putting some other crap on.
He was intrigued by the idea of putting the sternon and getting us some more finds with the FCC.
He's always intrigued, you know?
He's a real intriguing guy.
Anyway, surprising and intriguing scientists who say they have much to learn about what gorillas can do
and about what that says about evolution.
Oh, not evolution again.
You county pico bastards, you propagandists.
It had been thought that the premeditated use of stones and sticks were accomplished a task like cracking nuts
was restricted to humans in smaller, more agile chimpanzees, just a small pansees.
Then in late September, keepers at a Diane Fasi Gorilla-funded national sanctuary in this eastern Congo city of Goma.
Saw two and a half-year-old female Gorilla Ittebero smashing palm nuts between rocks and the hammer and anndel technique
considered among the most complex tool use behaviors.
How do you like that?
Alright, this is a surprising finding given what we know about tool use in gorillas, Diane Fasi Gorilla-fund primatologist Patrick Melman said.
Earlier this month at his Goma office, Melman said that the finding indicates that complex tool use may not be a trait developed only by humans and chimpanzees
and could have its origins earlier in the evolutionary chain among ancestors found to both humans at our closest relatives, the great apes.
Oh no.
There they go with that Patrick Ewing stuff again.
Really pisses me off when they do.
Every time they do that, I get agribed.
Don't you?
Seven seventy five minus audiences barely alive, barely ticking.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
I'm not doing too good of a job.
We're getting my pile here.
I've had a couple but you know what?
Well, when you have all these great calls.
Yeah, that's true. You've got a good point.
Let's get a lot of good calls on between now and two o'clock.
Set it all up for the mole-meister when we pass it right over to him.
Don't drop it now, Mo.
Whatever you do.
Don't worry.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, Neil.
Have you had anyone mentioned Dr. Quinn, medicine, woman, whatever, name was Jane
King?
Is she bad?
She's horrible.
Okay.
And have you ever done a poll for worst reality TV or most knowing reality TV star?
Yes.
Are reality TV star?
Yeah, we have yet.
Because there's a lot of...
No, but, sure.
We'll put one name on there, Victoria Gotti.
No, no, no.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I've got a girl from Street 16.
Oh.
Yeah.
Anything ever?
That's a good poll idea.
We'll mark it down.
Thanks, Tom.
All right.
All right.
Keep some moose.
Gain in reality.
I love these songs.
Absolutely.
Here.
Bravo and TV guy.
Asked you weren't a sigh.
And they picked their fight power.
Like the smash.
You're headed with my guitar.
Oh.
People say I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I'm a Rosa.
I've been capi-y-o-wrested TV history.
Hello, Rosa.
There's no one we all desire.
Well, she's miss Brim and proper and no one can stop her from telling her lies.
Love went strong by and the wind,
This is Neil Rogers. This is by 16 QA.
And hold it.
I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say
that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say that I'm going to have to say
F-14, Mr. T-13.
Larry David Kirby, enthusiasm nine.
Barberina, welcome back, hotter nine.
Joey from France eight.
Oh, he just, is he funny?
No.
Is he a Kenny Singh?
No.
No.
But other than that, that is from that 70 show six.
Dr. Smith, lost in space six.
Phil stopped from that six.
JJ, good times five.
Balky, perfect strangers five.
Squiggy from Laverna and Squirley five.
Salmiel Salmazel, Louis from taxi four.
Tom Bosley, happy days four.
Ray from Everybody loves Raymond three.
JR, you in three.
Monroe, two close for comfort two.
Karen from Willem Gay, a grace two.
Laverna from, you know what, two.
Alice from the Brady bunch one.
Maria Hendricks from Boston, P.B.
One, then we got some on here to have none.
Mark Daniel from Full House, flow from Alice.
Duane Snyder one day at a time.
Duane Snyder?
Duane Snyder.
Why they only had a first name?
It was always just Snyder, wasn't they?
Well, Pat Henrikin.
Louis Nye is dead.
Oh, what was us?
He's the Louis Denny.
Cojak Nunn and Lenny from Laverna and Squirley.
And out of seven, 90, a five is probably more than that.
Refresh it.
The Stanley Cup.
OK, now let's get hockey intensive.
That'll do it.
I still got seven, 95, don't you?
What do you got?
That's refreshing now.
Well, how long can it take to refresh?
Seven, ninety six?
There you go.
Same thing.
Oh, very slowly, very, very pondless man's gotten pondless.
I got important stuff here, though.
Two stories on Harriet Myers, OK?
As the White House renews its attempt to rally backing
for the Supreme Court nominee, Harriet Myers,
her views or non-views on a key privacy case
appeared tonight, more controversy.
Oh, my God.
Myers spent much of yesterday on Capitol Hill
visiting with senators among them,
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen Specter.
After their meeting, Specter told reporters
that Myers said she believed the 1965 case
at Rizwald versus Connecticut,
a landmark ruling established in the right to privacy,
was rightly decided.
But when the White House took a section
to Specter's comments, the Pennsylvania Republican
released a statement saying Myers later called
and told him he had misunderstood her answer.
Oh, you're following the way this is going?
Uh-huh.
Specter said Myers in the later phone call
told him she had not taken a position
at either Rizwald or the right to privacy.
The legal underpinning for the 1973 Roe v. Wade
decision legalizing a Bosch.
Specter statement didn't withdraw his comments
about Myers discussing Rizwald with
the nor did it offer correction.
But the statement said the chairman accepted Myers'
contention that he misunderstood what she said.
Right.
Some consider this to express reservations
about Myers nomination and the latest back and forth
over the issue of privacy.
The lynched pin and abortion rights only deepen their doubts.
President Bush's nomination of Myers has divided
even as supportive as many of whom
it hoped for a nominee with a clear record
of being a full-fledged car carrying Nazi.
Now, the right-wing oligodist unspecified threat.
Oh, checking our vehicle.
Yeah, I did not.
Checking them twice to see who's not even who's nice.
And who wants to go to Baltimore anyhow.
Judgment call.
The Christian conservatives receive assurances
that Myers would oppose Roe v. Wade and a editorial
and the Wall Street Journal and the right-wing
Wall Street Journal.
How do you like that?
Two days after President Bush announced
Harry and Myers Supreme Court nomination,
James Dobson of the anxious focus
focus on the family raised some eyebrows
by declaring on his video program.
When you know some of the things that I know
that I probably shouldn't know,
you will understand why I have said
with fear and trepidation that I believe
Harry and Myers will be a good justice.
Mr. Dobson called the controversy
by saying that Carl Roe, the White House's deputy chief
of staff hadn't given him assurances
about how it just as Myers would vote.
I would have loved to have known how Harry and Myers
views Roe v. Wade, Mr. Dobson said last week,
but even if Carl had known the answer to that,
I'm certain that he didn't because the president himself
said he didn't know.
Carl would not have told me that.
That's the most incendiary information that's out there
and was never part of our discussion.
It might, however, have been part of another discussion.
On October 3rd, the day that Myers nomination was announced,
Mr. Dobson, other religious conservatives,
held a conference call to discuss
an nomination.
One of the people on the call
took extensive notes which I've obtained.
According to the notes, two of Ms. Myers' post-ist friends,
that's Ms. Myers, both sitting judges,
said during the call that she would vote
to overturn Roe v. Wade.
The call was moderated by the Reverend Donald Wildman
at the American Family Association,
participating with 13 members of the executive committee
of the Arlington Group, and on Brello Alliance
of 60 religious conservative groups,
including Gary Bauer of American values,
Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention,
Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council,
Paul Weirich of the Freed Congress Foundation,
and the Reverend Bill Owen's a black minister.
Also on the call were just as Nathan Hecht
of the Texas Supreme Court, and Judge Ed King Kay,
the Dallas-based federal trial judge.
Mr. Dobson says he was surprised
that I stayed learned that just as Hecht and Judge King Kay,
were joining the Arlington Europe call.
He was asked to introduce the two of them,
which he considered awkward,
given they'd never spoken with Justice Hecht,
and only once did Judge King Kay.
According to the notes of the call,
Mr. Dobson introduced them by saying,
Carl Roe suggested that we talk with these gentlemen
because they can confirm specific reasons
why Harriet Myers might be a better candidate
than some of us think.
What followed according to the notes
was a free reading discussion about many topics,
including same sex marriage.
Justice Hecht said he had never discussed
that issue with Ms. Myers,
then unidentified voice asked the two men,
based on your knowledge of her,
if she had the opportunity,
do you believe she would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade?
Judge King Kay said,
Absolutely.
I agree with that,
so Justice Hecht, I concur,
which he overturned Roe v. Wade,
which he vote for that?
Absolutely, absolutely.
Shortly thereafter, according to the notes,
Mr. Dobson and Paul,
I said he had a leave of the discussion,
that's all I need to know,
and I'll get off and make some calls
when asked about his comments in the notes,
I have Mr. Dobson confirmed some of them
and said it was very possible he made the others.
He said he didn't specifically
be called the comments of the two judges on Roe v. Wade, right?
Judge King Kay, through a secretary
to find a disgust to matter,
Justice Hecht told me he remembers participating
in the call,
but can't recollect who invited him
or many specifics about it.
He said he did tell the group that Ms. Myers
was pro-life,
a characterization he's repeated in public,
but he says when somebody asked him about her stand
over training Roe v. Wade,
he answered I don't know,
he doesn't recall what Judge King Kay said.
Everybody's got Alzheimer's like Judith Miller, you know what?
But several people have participated in the call,
and from that both theorists stated,
Ms. Myers would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade.
Absolutely.
The benign interpretation to comments
is that the two judges were speaking on behalf
of themselves, not Ms. Myers of the White House,
and they were therefore offering a prediction,
not an assurance about how she would come down on Roe v. Wade,
but the people I interviewed who were on call on the call,
took the comments as an assurance
and at least one based on his support from Ms. Myers on them.
The conference couple note I've proved controversial
on Capitol Hill.
Always a tinder box for rumors
that any judicial nominee has taken a stand on Roe v. Wade.
Ms. Myers meets today with senators
Diane Feinstein in California,
Chuck Schumer of New York that was yesterday.
Both stalwart Rose supporters
who surely will be encouraged to learn more about her views.
After Mr. Dawson's initial comments
about things that I probably shouldn't know,
Senator Arlen Specter,
the pro-road judiciary committee chairman said,
if there are backroom assurances,
if there are backroom deals,
and if there's something that bears on a precondition
as to how an nominee is gonna vote,
I think that's a matter ought to be known.
He and ranking Democrat Pat Lee,
he of Vermont threatened to subpoena Mr. Dawson
as a witness.
Some participants in the October 3rd conference call
three that they'll be called to testify
at Ms. Myers hearings.
If the call is as you describe it,
an effort will be made to subpoena everyone on
an age of sheer committee staff or told me.
It is possible that a tape or notes of the call
are already in the hands of committee staffers.
Some people are on speaker phones,
along with other people who listen in,
others who could have been on extensions
when participants told me.
Should hearings begin on November 7th
as is now tentatively planned,
they would likely turn to a spectacle.
Mr. Inspector of City plans to press Ms. Myers
very hard on whether Roe v. Wade is settled wrong.
Should I have hearings like no nominee has ever had
to sit through Chuck Todd,
editor of the political tipsheet hotline
told Radio Host John Bachelor,
one slip up on camera and she is toast.
Well, that's you can go to work on 790.
If she's survived the hearings,
liberal groups may demand that Democrats fill up
us to her.
Republican senators already his into back,
Ms. Myers after having blowback from their conservative base,
were likely likely will likely will the trigger
the so-called nuclear option.
The nomination is in real trouble
once you'll be Senator told me.
Not one senator wants to go through the agony
of these hearings, even those who want to vote for it.
Even if Ms. Myers avoids a fellow buster
as possible Democrats would join with this
Senator Republicans to defeat her outright.
There are philosophical reasons for Republican senators
to oppose Ms. Myers.
In 1987, the liberal onslaught
on Robert Bork dramatically changed the confirmation process,
the verb to Bork, meaning the savage nominee
and distorted record entered the vocabulary
and many liberals now acknowledge
that the anti-bork campaign had bad consequences.
It led to more stealth nominees
with presidents hoping their scant paper trail
would shield them from attack.
President Bush has now gone further in internalizing
lessons of the Bork debacle.
Harry admires a super-skelf nominee,
a close friend of the president
with no available paper trail
who keeps their cards so close to her chest,
they might as well be plastered on it.
If Ms. Myers is confirmed it'll reinforce the popular belief
that the Supreme Court is more about political outcomes
than the rule of law.
How do you like that from the right wing?
I'm not sure so, who's stepping Wall Street Journal?
Nice. Yeah.
You go, Harry, and James Thompson,
all you're whether for Bison, right wing,
or the forest, all you fakeers.
Yeah, no, come back soon.
Very likely.
Come on, let's hear about it real quick.
Acting with an abundance of caution,
decision was made today.
You close the Baltimore Harbor tunnel
and a state I 895.
I'm dying on the way.
To the 4th machining tunnel,
right in a state 95.
Decision was based on an ongoing investigation.
Being conducted with our partners,
both in the federal state and local side of law enforcement.
Transportation Authority police
have drilled for this situation in the past.
We have worked through these scenarios.
We have practiced the exact same thing
that we began implementing.
Yeah, we're going to hear something like New York
a part, too, then all over again.
Somebody said Jane Hathaway from the Beverly Hill Belize.
Now what, since I didn't want to say to you, who's that?
Who that?
Nancy called the the lesbian, you know,
Mr. Drysdale, Secretary.
Who lesbian on Beverly Hill Belize?
Well, she wasn't one in the show just in real life.
Oh, I see.
Well, put around here, okay,
because that's a horrible show.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 5'162a.
This is Ron McGill from Imechra Zoo.
And I listened to that Neil Rodgers one and two hours.
Hell, let's even better insects with the animals.
Oh, Peter has presents Martin Scorsese
along the way to documentary, no direction home,
starring Joe Pesci as Bob Dylan.
What do you mean?
I'm a fox.
I'm a fox and I'm how.
I am usual.
I made you think.
I made a quickest form of the taboos.
With a special appearance by Robert D'Anoel.
Oh, hey, you're not going to have a little bit.
A little bit, I'm going to have a little bit.
Plus, Scorsese's take on the seminal moment
when Dylan goes on a trip.
Shut it up, we all end up in the hole.
Do they have a little bit of hole?
Out they don't hold.
First I got to step on my mom's house for a shoutout.
That's the only home PDF.
Six, eight, eight, eight, two, one, two, one, two, one.
101 at 5'60, WDQAM, 827 votes.
That means we got a shot.
Not an outside shot.
It's the long shot.
I mean, that kind of a shot.
But there's Kerr Phil speaking of a shot.
Well, she makes me ill.
Talk about a suck up.
Talk about a real piece of crap, who now is not just
a newsreader, but now she's an editorializer.
She's a commentator, idiot bitch.
I say, yeah.
I think Pat Robertson needs to start thinking about her.
Seriously, 827 votes on that pool.
The most of Naksha's character from any TV show ever.
See, they're just, they're just toy with us today, you know?
They want us to do it real easy.
Nothing should ever be easy, because they know
that we're just coasting until Friday when a book comes out.
We're coasting to the middle of the week
when all these big events come down from a packet of material.
And then we're also coasting until the big blow comes from Wilma.
Boy, yes.
Yeah.
Walmart, who's Miramar speaking to your favorite people,
Walmart, who's Miramar over rejection of store.
Walmart attorneys filed a petition this month
against the city of Miramar,
alleging that the city commission aired
when it denied a rezoning that would have cleared the way
for a Walmart super-centred to be built in Miramar.
Well, you know what?
Cobbman Dread.
Hey, then.
The petition which asked the Broward Circuit Court
to throw out the decision made by commission
who says that the city commission failed to apply the correct law
when it denied the zoning change.
In addition, the petition says that one of the newly elected commissioners,
John Moore, should have been disqualified from voting
because he had voted as a planning and zoning board member against the super-center.
On September 7, the Miramar city commission voted four to one
to deny the zoning in the Northeast corner of Miramar Parkway in Flamingo Road
from a rural to B2, community of Venice.
Walmart wanted to build a 220,000 plus square feet store.
However, however, many nearby homeowners
complained that the store would diminish their quality of life
with increased traffic, lower property values, and excessive crime.
And not only that, but who wants to be living in a shadow of Walmart?
Ooh, unclean, unclean.
Man.
So how are we doing on here?
We're getting a furry on here or what?
Because if we don't, it's, well, I guess we'll have to stay on Bill 3.
That's the deal.
Okay, then he won.
They're coming in by the ones.
They're coming in by the ones.
Well, you don't have to be there.
Joshel's to go around.
Well, he's going to the Gwarsho too.
What time is that?
Like 10?
No.
Oh, well, yeah.
Well, you got to get ready for that.
You're ready for that.
Got a nap.
Got a shower.
Put it on your makeup.
Yeah, if your hacks on.
That's great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular Wireless
Live.
Let's get a lot of calls in this last hour,
because obviously we're not going to make our thousand votes.
And we're going to be pretty p-o to about it.
Going to ruin my day.
Femini QAAM.
Hello.
QAAM.
Femini QAAM.
Hello.
Yes.
I have one for your poll.
How about Joey Lawrence from Blossom?
Can we raise one for him?
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
So annoying.
All right, thanks.
All right.
All right.
Who was that that I liked?
I'm Blossom, David, whatever his name was.
But they turned out to be like whatever.
Okay.
Joey from Blossom.
That's a good choice.
We have 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon
Singular Wireless Live.
No comments about Goli in the fine job he's doing the Panther
games.
You see, unless they're going to rip somebody, they can't say
anything good about anybody.
We had one guy yesterday who gave Goli a little pat on the
back or kind of a squeaky sound when he did it.
It's possible that was the only guy that heard it.
How are you saying that?
I heard something last night.
I even played somebody that taped the shoe.
No people heard it.
831.
This is a crisis we have right now.
840.
Nice.
There's Nyan.
There was a nice chunk of Nyan.
Yeah, came in there.
This is like trying to get those Kerry votes into Ohio.
I think that the adiable people have the thing fixed
today.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Yeah.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Yeah.
Yeah, I got one for your poll.
OK.
Uncle Jesse, the full house.
OK, thanks.
Uncle Jesse from Full House, I know exactly who that is.
Nauseaini.
Full House, is that the show that Blackie's on?
Tom Stamos?
I don't know.
Never watched it.
Yes.
You better get your Blackie stuff straight now, Mr.
Oh, it's straight.
Oh, as a man.
Come to QAAM, hello?
Hey, I'll get you up over a thousand in the next hour.
I'll bet.
Two words, Joan Rivers.
Rivers?
Rivers.
What character does she play?
Oh, it has to be a character by her own.
Yeah, I am.
So it has to be because that's what the question says.
Yeah, no, it doesn't have to be.
We'll just let you decide to change the poll.
OK.
The most obnoxious character from any TV show ever is,
Joan Rivers never played a character that I know of on any TV show.
And how about Walter Cronkite?
There you go.
What about Peter Jennings' rest in pieces, huh?
With all that Celine Dion music down there in hell.
I just love that fit.
Play it again and again.
Nobody QAAM, hello?
Nobody QAAM.
Now that was Joel.
I know it.
Come on, Joel.
Don't be here.
How you doing?
Pretty good, Pali.
I have two.
Rallow from Sanford and Bob Sheeper.
Oh, Rallow is a real stepping-bitch at Spook.
You know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, it's good.
You're going to hit that thing, huh?
When was it appropriate?
How's that?
How's that?
5.6705, sweetie.
They're all sitting around in Joel's office.
You know, he's passing the phone around.
Hey, Joel, guess what?
You can make all the calls you want.
In fact, the rumors are poured out of your building.
There's a lot of strife.
This is when they start cracking, you know,
when there's all the strife and dissension.
Yeah, that's right, you know.
Even Stu Gatz is knocking the boss, bashing the boss,
to everybody who will listen.
Not a good idea, Stu Gatz, even though your daddy's
got money, he ain't got the money, the Joel's daddy's got.
Maybe there'd be like a war, the cash titans,
the cash money are queens, your clowns.
You think?
8.54, we've got to get like about, I would say, 9.20
by the bottom of the tower.
Have we got any chance?
Oh, is there any shot?
Yeah, what do you think?
No!
Come on.
8.54, it's still stuck right on there, too, see?
What do you got?
8.54?
Well, these people are all out there,
like I said, buying a bottled water
and sucking up all the fly, what they can.
And of course, they're all on the edge of their seats,
watching the breaking news about the big counter-terrorism
effort during the ball,
they're stopping the trucks, they're checking it all out.
Again, this guy's getting out of his truck.
Say, what the hell do you want?
The tunnel thread in Baltimore,
another one of these phony terror alerts.
WNQ-YM, hello.
We love the pastors, yes, we do rock solid.
WNQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, I got one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
Mori, Hobie.
Yeah, he plays a lot of characters, right?
WNQ-YM, hello.
Q-YM, hello.
Hi.
Yeah?
Yeah, Mr. Mick Cohen, I was calling for the
Noxious People's TV show.
Yes, what are you on?
Mrs. Garrett from Facts of Life and Angel from Rockford File.
Okay, thanks, Palley.
All right, bye.
5.670, 05.60.
You don't have to have nothing to say,
but they have built in the pool.
Well, I got my one for tomorrow already,
is it a builder?
What was yesterday?
Oh, yeah, actually it is.
Well, good.
Not a big builder,
they're not, yeah, it's a builder.
Hold on, thanks for.
Where is he, by the way?
I know that you asked, maybe he'll call right up.
Did you hear from him last week
and brought your other,
was he running?
Sure.
Oh, yes, yes.
WQI am hello.
I got one for you.
Yeah, Gary Coleman.
What do you talk about Willis?
Gary Coleman from Marvel.
What was that show?
Different strobe, different strobe.
Very good.
It gave me a strobe.
WQI am hello.
I got two for your bold meal.
Yes, sir.
I got Martin Lawrence from Martin.
Oh, yeah, I have one punky rooster,
so I won't try.
Two good ones.
All right.
Okay, I know.
Don't forget the punky pie.
I'll wait for you.
See you.
I make you pardon?
Martin, that was brutal.
I want to change my vote.
There you go.
Okay, see, I told you this is a lot more.
That's why we haven't,
we haven't reached the heights there in the total
because if you would have just told me to take more calls
and got all the names on here before like one o'clock,
then we'd have like probably 1,500 now.
Anything?
Well, I always want you to take calls
that you insist on reading those damn videos.
Yeah, I always do.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, brother.
Speaking of which, yes, what you got?
I got a 58 is what I got.
When you got, yeah, then you put on weight since you've been here.
Yeah, that's how much I've weighed.
That's from yesterday's double hogging noise dip.
Oh, that's when we turned the audience away.
When I admitted that you need two pints,
I hate when you have those hogging days of banana nut.
It's just, a pint is not enough.
So just lay off it all together.
That's all I can do because a pint just wets my appetite.
They are.
And they just have a whole new shipment of it
and two of my nearby convenience store like like pints.
Like how many pints?
30,000.
30,000 for your convenience.
Yes, WQAM.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Oh, it's great.
Neil, I have one for your poll and then I have a comment for you.
Okay.
The one for the poll is anything absolutely anything
with Bob Sagittany.
Okay, well, he's already on there.
Okay, good.
And secondly, I want to let you know that you
converted me to body wash about two years ago.
The better time.
Oh, God.
Only idiots are still using soap on.
The only people using soap are guys who like dropping it.
And lastly, Neil, when you microwave that ice cream,
how long you do it for?
Because I've tried it about three times
and I keep overdoing it.
99 seconds.
99.
I got it.
If it's frozen solid, we rush it right home
and to be a kitchen and you pop that baby in there.
Okay.
99.
Okay, good.
How about you now?
You probably don't do it that long because you don't like it.
You're just quite not.
If you do it too long, then you got real problems.
Because then you got ice cream and soup.
And nobody wants you to start.
I put it in the bowl.
I don't nuke it in the container because I, you know,
you put it in the bowl.
Listen, we have a family.
We're not buying a little individual plates.
We buy a giant toy.
You can buy them a half a gallon and get yourself a pint on the side.
So we buy the family sized tubs and I make a bowl of it.
Depending on how big of a bowl a nuke in.
I'm anywhere from 20 to 40 seconds.
20 to 40 seconds.
That's just fine to get it going.
Oh my God.
What does that do?
It gets it going.
It's on.
I'm just going to get it going.
You know, then you eat it around the outside.
Oh, I don't want to get it about.
Eight hundred and sixty three votes on there.
We got our real pressure pack last 48 minutes boys and girls.
We got a lean on it, you know.
Get there with us out to lean on it.
This is going to be our real challenge today.
Okay.
Can the audience answer the challenge?
That's the question that people from coast to coast and pillow to pose.
Are asking everybody in the US.
No.
They don't give a crap about some fully damal earth and you know.
Oh, that's the damal earth and taunt and mass.
I sure hope they don't wash out the dog track.
When you think of mattresses, you think of seedy posture.
Peter the tough side mattress brand in the USA.
It's the gold standard.
When you think of buying the next seedy posture.
Peter think only of dial amateurs.
One eight hundred mattress.
That easy call is the easiest possible.
Let it get you a great new seedy posture.
Peter.
With dial amateurs.
Spectre direct prices.
Nobody sells seedy posture.
Peter for less dial amateurs.
Curies the areas largest inventory with all sizes and cover levels in stock.
Ready for same day delivery.
Like today, for example, you can get a better night's sleep starting as soon as tonight.
One eight hundred mattress is number one.
A customer satisfaction and still like always.
You choose to date and time for delivery any to our window that you pick.
Even the very same day that you call with an or worse 30 day comfort trial.
But third man in your own bedroom.
Plus free set up free removal of all on all deliveries too.
I've used him for a long, long time.
You'd have to be a crazy person to go wasting all that gas, time and money.
Shlip it around town.
Custom a comparison shopping.
We can just make that one easy call and get the best deal all the way around.
So join over two million customers who skip those chain stores for a fast easy affordable mattresses.
By calling dial amateurs.
One eight hundred mattress.
That's one eight hundred MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous savings.
This is the new Roger's.
This is 5.62 AF.
Hey, fellas.
If you're like me and enjoy Dablin and four and affairs.
You've got to be sure your exit strategy leaves her satisfied and you protected.
That's why you need Clinton condoms.
They're made in China just like my presidency.
Clinton condoms coming three sizes.
Large medium and George Stephanopoulos.
And you can choose between the non lubricated Hillary or the slick Willie.
So the next time you're about to commit an impatient offense.
Remember do not have sex with that woman without a Clinton condom.
One eighteen and five sixty WMD.
Mollmyster and two we had mad dog three solid hours today four to seven.
All right.
And you got your pants at the devil's pregame at seven o'clock.
Killed and red dumb red deer Randy Moore at seven thirty red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
Red dog.
And the last call or spread me to go into my shower.
Not to take one.
Okay.
But I got...
I have.
I have.
I have.
Oh, you have different bottles.
I know that's.
I have to come to you.
You'll find it very odd.
I really don't care.
It doesn't different bottles of different flavors of body wash. I know that's seem silly
But I do it because I feel like it and some days you feel like that one that you like that apricot there with the beads
You know right and some days you feel more like coast like coast knit
Wait a minute. Are you telling me that you just have 12 bottles of just body wash?
Well, then I also got a bottle of shampoo just one kind. Yeah, why not different?
Yeah, why not like 12 shampoo because I don't have any hair because I got my head shaved a nice and short
Oh, right. So what am I gonna shampoo? Why watch on that tip? No, that's a good idea. No, I don't see I mean you don't know
I
Don't watch the top of your head. Why you don't watch the top of your head with shampoo. Yeah, okay
Why you don't have any hair because to get that skilly dandruff on man even if you got like almost no hair
I have I have real short hair. It's not I have no I'm not a total skin head
But very close to it and I like it. I love it anyway. Will you listen to me? I'm trying to give you some good advice
And you're like you know, you know, I got the green apple and the
Forget about the green apple quick step. Okay down under naturals. Have you seen these?
No, but you got you got a clean down under what he was sure that yeah, yeah down under naturals hydra beads
Oh, since you're listening to me
I know you're gonna like this because you love that one with the St. I's apricot running with the beans
This has got red hydra beads in other words. It's like kind of like a in fact it looks like a flavor of ice cream
Oh, man, I wish it was because I'd eat some on here right now. I'd start drinking this look
It smells like not raspberry's at home, and no, it smells smells kind of like peaches. Okay, peaches her
And it smells really good. I heard last last thing moisture for extra dry skin
Well, not only if I always got extra dry skin, but especially when it's starting with the artificial heat now
You know up here. Oh, yeah, it's really bad. I get I get you know the skilly forehead and really really dry
So this is great and it's got the red beads in it man the hydra beads. I'll have to check it out what right now under naturals
They got a whole different line. These are great. I'm looking at this sound under unnatural you guys that are using soap
Then you probably also still buying eight tracks on eBay. Okay. I mean get with it
Soap went out with knickers with Pat Boon and his white bucks get with the program Jesus
Oh, here's some bad news. How do you like that? This thing involved a more again. They're doing this
Security analyst. Thanks Richard. Thanks dick head start can make carrying decisions based on religions as the US House
This is just
Positively
It's the market F and Wayman fascism is in and amendment to the new funding bill for head start promotes discrimination on religious grounds
I would deal a devastating blow to some one million low-income children their parents were dependent on the program
According to a large and very coalesced of US organizations late last month
The Republican let House representatives voted 231 to 184 favorably so-called school readiness act which we knew is funding for the anti-populite preschool program head start
Wide bipartisan support for the bill's reauthorization true 2011 melted down after the attachment of a politically charged amendment introduced by representative
Charles Bustani, Jr. Republican Louisiana and representative John Bonner
Republican of Ohio the added provision was federally funded head start centers with religious affiliations to hire and fire workers and parent volunteers
Based on religious grounds a similar bill approaching a senate vote doesn't yet include any such amendment in 2004 head start served about
900,000 kids on a budget of 6.7 billion teachers and staff working in head start programs housing religious organizations could immediately be fired
Their religion said the Democratic values add to the group people for the American way
tens of thousands of already at risk children could lose their teachers and head start could lose thousands of parent volunteers
Essentiality success of the program merely because those parents do not share the religious beliefs of the host
Tendrally funded religious organization the groups and the statement on the website you see this is the going of America man
The going of America unless you're a fundamentalist Christian of exactly the right variety and smell the right flavor
You're out when in doubt they're gonna like phase you out literally how do you like is that a scary or what?
This is just like your fat ass governor with his faith-based jails in his face-based ball crap and his face
Faith-based cocaine for his daughter and faith-based booze for the kids
Yeah, they're probably they probably pray to Jim beam every day
Well, how about that Billy on guiding life by the way put looking at the Jim beam Billy where to cut the crap get really tired of him
889 and we got a shot or what I think I think we're ancient-torted. What do you think Josh? Yeah, you're nay. Yeah, yay
Sense of that is enthusiastic. That's what Dave van Boring says after Marlon's home run. Yeah
Oh, no, he says up up at yay
890 we got a shot. We got about two minutes to get to 900 what do you got I still sitting on 890 and band it hurts 890
890 and boys this is not the usual like you for it
You know what say when they're gonna like put us over the top. They're gonna make a sweat bullets to get this thing today
You can you can relax all you got to worry about is that hurricane. Okay. It's just gonna be a category three and
Yeah, we get too excited about it
All those terrorists broke back in just an office station to get your mind off a Karl Rowe and scooter liby and
Tom delay and all these others all of these
Things here's a story that George liked before the show and I probably like it too
Ogden Utah, but this is rare in a place like that some students are wearing pajama bottoms in class
Do you like that story? There's a new fad of students mostly girls. Yeah, yeah
We're a pajama girls. The school and so the administrators are not making a fuss about it
Some days you don't want to get dressed up for school like when it's raining and cold
You just want to be cozy said Ben Lomon, Jr. Elvia, Escalante 16
Elvia school administrators in Ogden Webber and David school district say the pajamas have been modest
And there hasn't been a problem. There were things a kid could wear to school said Ross Lundzfer
Principal Hillcarus Elementary in Ogden
There's a fine line there, and I think sometimes we need to pick our battles should we get into a tussle over pajamas
Said highly Nicholas. I mean if it was good enough for Michael Jackson to wear in the court
Why can't the kids wear him to school right right?
Administrators say there are a Davie dress code struggles with students who like to wear short skirts
High-end low-cut shirts gang-affiliated apparel and sagging or low-cut pants that show their underwares
Pajama bottoms with him in improvement for some of our kids at Ogden High Principal Ed Jensen
I just look at it as something silly
He said I don't know why teenagers dressed the way they do said Ogden High math teacher Mary Corny some students don't think much of the
The entire they may be company but makes you look trashy and it gives you that even just slack off of it
They said Ben Lomon high school senior Alina Marshall 18
Pajama's are for bedtime not school
It makes the students more relaxed without focusing as much on their schoolwork said senior Tiffany Church 17
Then Lomon high junior jr. Laurie Waymont 16 was wearing pink flower cotton pajama bottoms last week because she said
They're warm. They're cozy. Ogden High freshman Karen Shakoen 14 said she was wearing her white pajama bottoms with blue vertical stripes because
They're comfortable and Ogden junior high student Jessica Hannah 16 world red pajama pants decorated with black ACVC letters
Because it's Friday you bastards. How do you like that works for me?
So there you go. I guess
For easier access. It's great
You know, okay, so what do we got 896? Uh-oh, what did I say 900 by what we were off by like a minute 899
Oh come on before we do the break. We got to get to 900 we can make this we can do it
We all put our hands together and class bar hands right and squeeze real hard you can do what do you think
Pajama 34 minutes. Yeah, you're still thinking about the end girls with a pajamas high school girl shame on you
That's got two daughters including one in high school, right shame on you. Oh, no looking at her. Yeah
Just your friend. That's right. Yeah, just her girlfriends that she probably has for sleepovers
If you have sick or dying palm trees or palm trees that just don't look as good as they should palm tree doctor can help
Palm tree doctor is out for it is leading palm tree experts specializing in saving sick and dying palm trees
In most cases the palm tree doctor can save your sick palms at a fraction of the cost of replacing them
No job is too big or too small either palm tree doctor works for individual homeowners as well as property management companies
Homeless associations and city governments too visit their website palm tree doctor dot com for more information including
Before and after pictures and references as well
You can even make an appointment right online
Don't forget if you've got sick or dying palms the only company one be calling is the palm tree doctor
South Florida's original palm tree specialist call today toll free
1 866 946 3600
Minced in the erudio show and get you a $30 credit
30 dollar credit off your initial visit just for mentioning the erudios call a palm tree doctor day
1 866 946 3600 or go right online to palm tree doctor dot com. That's 1 866
946 3600 for the old palm tree doctor when you want very serious results
This is me erudios
This is 560 QA
Absolutely
Closet
Chino
Every girl in this world
The
andere
In those strippers are blind I feel thousands and stations
When they seduce me or Jessica I do cheat on you
Arise than the rest of my life Finding another hard wife I do
cheat on you cheating hard to control I give them just any hope
I've waited to save this to you
If they this fate got's leaving me crushed
Yes I can
Remind me to read the web because it sounds like it's got some kind of a look or a deletge
Okay, all right hey probably on the disk but I better we want wow we
922 we got 27 minutes for 78 votes that sounds like a heavy heavy do that tall order for this crowd for this lethargic south Florida credits all whipped up into a frenzy about will
Some big deal will mo okay, we're kind of a wimpy name is that category three though it might have in ploughing blow your house down
But nevertheless what's more important protecting your life and family or worrying about our pool though contest yeah pool
923 they're pouring in by the ones now 77 in 27 minutes it would be ashamed to get right on the verge of a thousand and like fall short
We can't do that yeah that would be try that right that would be embarrassing that would be humiliating the grading
Nobody like the book comes out Friday and actually they get they break a one share on the other place
Oh that's right that's what we're looking for a lot of that number in the year in your numbers over there hot shots
God almighty are they something or what there's something you know we can't see it on you hey Joel it's going to be it's going to be you can say cottage again on Friday
It's going to be young kipper revisited oh on 790 nice job on those dolphin games though I'm hearing more and more reports about that we got
Gellie and look what they got 926 74 more in 26 is about to a little under three a minute more to be deal with that what's the big
Simmons with that if we got anybody listing it all this thing should go in a bit of which it's seen I could be wrong see I
Get the thing they don't even like this pool don't you no I don't get that feeling I know I get the thing
Well like all that keen they're not that Harvey keen about a man the most I think it's kind of unless you never watch television like that I
Never watches movies because he hates movies that jackass the most obnoxious character for any TV show ever is I mean everybody's got
An opinion on this you got your rosanna and then any in a real battle a neck a neck a neck nose to ask to ask just like Jennifer
Conley they're doing the old ass to ask routine well I got to see that movie again you know all right I just I just love that
I just don't over the weekend was it really what you watch it I saw me too not really at the same time I'll be damn well that sounds
Like something sexual there
I
Take a one thing if you don't enjoy a record room for a dream doesn't make it throw away the pills and put down that ice cream well it didn't work for me on the ice cream
Hey listen I admitted today I confess being the honest to sometimes guy that I am when it's convenient two
Pights of Hognida's been in a side by each back and and even more embarrassing and degrading admitting to watching a two-hour
Special on a biography channel Andy Williams last night. No I know what to get you for your birthday. Oh not no Andy Williams music one of those
Metal or pendants fall and not get be able to get up because of all the other middle or you know why I watched it because they kept showing him like a couple of years ago this was filmed two years ago
And I hate to say because he was all right. I mean I wasn't crazy about Andy Williams and the only about the only claim to fame was he got the
Ozman's on there so like that they had Donnie on there quite a bit too and Marie
And they played this can't get used to losing it you're losing it you lost it Andy
Okay, that's right. So anyway he looks at least 140 years old Andy
That's I mean he is good nothing and then they hit call me lingerie on there and I bet you liked her who Claudine Longie don't know who that is
Get out of here. He's XY's the one that shot the skier her boyfriend. Sorry
I'm gonna hit something. I am a guest
You've got to be kidding me. You don't remember Claudine Longie. She was as hot as a frying pan
What up on me like in movies or yeah an actress Claudine Longie beautiful
Friends you huh?
I'm gonna Google it Google it. Okay. I don't know what that movie she was in she shot her supposedly it's an accident
Who you know her ski skier boyfriend. I think his name was skier scooter or something like that
Scooter Lily 931 we need 69 more can we do it in 23 minutes? Oh?
They're taking us right down to the right they're playing with our emotions today. This is bad after we're up to that phenomenal start 935
Okay Claudine Longie she's still alive. Are you Google? I'm looking at a picture of her now and
Does it ring any bells? Well she probably don't look that good now. It's hot. Yeah, she was hot all right
I'm telling you I can't believe you don't know Claudine Longie. You know who Andy Williams is? Yeah
It's not in our face all the time probably from that he is not in our face
He went out to a built a Andy Williams thing and branched in Missouri where all the old funny that I right entertainers go
Well, you don't put a branch in Missouri not as much of that used to
Oh, I don't want I heard enough of that last night. Okay. I didn't want to hear his music
I don't want to hear your heart and that silly as Henry man seen
See how it in our face he is yeah, you're right Derek's geez
Derek's in Jackson Boston Globe rights Bush's slim fat flame on faith. What do we got on that?
I got to keep my net pole. I'm pushing it 935. That's it. How are we gonna get 65 votes in 22 minutes?
Oh 938 they're appornin by the threes Derek rights by the time our Holy Roller and chief leaves office
We'll really be confused about the role of religion. That's how President Bush wants it starting with his faith-based initiatives that were merely an excuse for
gutting government programs in recent weeks this blessed agenda is bumped up against unavoidable hypocrisy
And most obvious is the supreme court Bush named John Roberts to the court under a massive smoke screen in July
What house spokesman Scott McCullough and said judge Roberts has said in previous testimony that personal beliefs or views have no
role whatsoever when it comes to decisions that judges make the no-world floor was meant to fend off liberal critics and hide as much as possible from them
About Roberts personal feelings and incendiary
But when Bush's new pick for the court area admirers was criticized as a lightweight conservative by some on the far right
The White House performed what Bush himself called an outreach program on Myers religious bona fide's James Dopson to focus on the family said Carl
Roe Bush's top political advisor told him that Myers is an evangelical Christian who attends a very conservative church
Which is almost university pro universally pro life asked about his outreach program
Bush said they want to know her admirers background
They want to know as much as they possibly can before they form opinions and part of her admirers life is her religion
The assertion of Myers religiousiosity to boy her nominations serves to highlight an even bigger conundrum
Today the people of Iraq vote on a new constitutionist was Saturday one that Bush praised in August by saying that Iraq will have a democratic constitution that honors women's rights and the rights of minorities
This conveniently ignores the fact that the Iraqi constitution says right up front that Islam is the official religion of the government
It is a fundamental source of legislation many human rights watchers worry that such language given how Islamic law sometime
Refined by men will end up being used to oppress women
Thus at home Bush uses religion to hint broadly to supporters who want to do away with abortion rights
That Myers is safe for a seat on our Supreme Court even though the US is an Asian where the vast majority of Americans think abortion in varying degrees should be an option
Only 29% of Americans want to see Roe v. Way decision legalizing abortion overturned
According to both a Pew poll in July and USA today see an angelipol in June
The manipulation of religion is even worse given the fatal consequences for his adventures
O abroad when journalist Bob Woodward asked Bush if he consulted with his former president father about it evading Iraq
Bush said he is the wrong father to appeal to her in two in terms of strength
There is a higher father that I appeal to last week and I addressed before the national endowment for democracy
Bush once again broadly and willfully conflicted Iraq where no weapons of mass destruction were found with 9-11 Hitler
Stalled it in Pol Pot and doing so he decried the evil of terrorists who misused religion this ideology is very different from the religion of Islam
Bush said this form of radicalism exports Islam to serve as a violent political vision the establishment by terrorism and
Subversion and insurgency of totalitarian empire that denies all political and religious freedom
Bush added like the ideology of communism our new enemy teaches that innocent individuals could be sacrificed to survey political vision
And this explains their cold blood and contempt for human life two and a half years after the invasion Bush
Said nothing about the tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis who were sacrificed to serve his own political vision
There's no doubt that the blood of former dictator Saddam Hussein ran cold with thousands of death on his hands
But with chaos still in the streets of Iraq with car bombs taking out dozens of people every few days and a constitution
It doesn't even try to separate church and state it remains frightfully unclear what Bush has taught us in the speech on his
War on terrorized we Bush had the goal to quote the part of the Quran that says killing an innocent human being is like killing all humanity
The time has come for all responsible Islamic leaders to join in denouncing an ideology that exports Islam for political ends
He said this as a president who has exploited Christianity for his own political ends and a presidency that's displayed a cold blood and contempt for innocent Iraqis and democracy right here at home
946 what do you think about what Claudine Claudine Lajey I think she's had I looked at her filmography
She was on you know Michaela Navy she was on the
950 you better start reading up on her because believe me you probably do her right now 18. They'll do we need 50 votes or we're gonna like to have a fit
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
Oh
Oh
And this one to bad taste in new heights now they're taking it six feet underground in
funeral crashers
Well, there's the Davis family that looks like a classy service to the O'Reilly family is the one that's gonna rock you think how can we pass up an Irish wake?
It's the drop dead comedy sequel of the year funeral crashers
Mrs. Angees we're really sorry
Yeah, really
So do you have a sister maybe a daughter?
They're gonna go have a stage five morning and Owen Wilson they say we only use 10% of our brain
I think we only use 10% of our tears in funeral crashers
The world season
Do a party
What they're listening to this show we use more than 10% of our brain
Right, I said in 9.61 or all looked to good 39 votes in 13 minutes. That's three a minute
That's one to read 20 seconds. Is that a lot to ask? No, is that so much?
Right 9.61 man on this pool today. We're like just itching Jones in for a thousand you could do it
Put your put your nose in a grindstone man and then grind it
So our buddy Steve in Louisville Kentucky of all places and we're so sorry for him for that
He says the name of the skier killed by Claudine Longet was spider savage, so that's right who
Some some ski in guy that was her fiance
I have a board to Mandy she shot him
Yeah, it was an accident
Yeah, nine what do you got I got 9.61 we're gonna have to ride this right up to the end, you know what?
I don't know if we fall short
964 we got 12 minutes and 36 that's still three a minute. Oh god
I don't think we've ever had this kind of pressure have we read up to the ass end?
Never no, that's the kind that's that's how Florida for you man. Just when you think you got it licked
All we want to be able to say is
That's all just once not like him
Wow did what that's embarrassing. I don't think we want to know I don't worry as Hank he'll talk about it tomorrow
Authorities closed wanted to here's the update on this latest the bogus
Terrell out the alert my way to hear this too the Baltimore Harbor tunnel was closed and the Fort McKenry tunnel was
reduced to one lane traffic eighties direction said lieutenant colonel David Franklin the Maryland transportation authority police
The closures began in my 1130 this morning and offices began we opening the tubes the cubes about
115 this afternoon about half an hour ago the safe thing right now is to allow these tunnels to reopen said chief Gary McLeany of the transportation authority police
Now listen to this we received some information a couple of days ago with a possible threat to a tunnel
Nothing specific said Carla McIntosh spoke someone for the FBI and Baltimore
Jim Pettit a spokesman for the spokesman for the governor's homeland security officer
The closures were made out of an abundance of caution. How many times have they used that every minute and the last time?
abundance of caution
They received the information a couple of days ago
A federal law enforcement official speaking of course on the condition of anonymity because he values his life
Said the threat was phoned into authorities by a person claiming to have information from overseas authorities were skeptical of the claim
But we're checking it out. Let's check it out. This is getting really fond of it's okay
They got this call a couple of days ago. Yeah, and just mitten to ridden as they say in China all of a sudden they decided
Love it. He's more well. Let's put on a good dog and Tony show now. Well, they're sitting on it for the news that's about to come
Sitting on it all right, and it's a real pain. It's a real roared ten minutes to go. We need 36. We're not gonna do this
This is gonna be so embarrassing, huh? We can do it. Oh, 1982. We just got a big flurry. We got a big
Clump a big cluster like Royds. We need 18 and 10 minutes. That's gonna be easy enough shouldn't we can do that? Let's let's keep
Reboot and whatever 93 they're taking us right they're playing with us today, man
They're taking us right down to the ass end of this thing. It is so cute
So typically south Florida. How many QA and hello? I'd like to vote for reference you all how many QA and hello
We'd like to kill them. I'm going to be honest with it QA and hello. How you doing Dale pretty good, Tally?
I got a pair for your poll here is the
Noxious Victoria Parkley from the Big Valley. Okay, and how about the silly Peaboy Herman?
Yeah, so I got my friend from playways P house. I mean, okay
And I was called playways P house
983 let's take a few because this okay
Start puke 991 all we're gonna do it see how you keep to give me all we're not gonna do it
So you're so negative man. They wouldn't hate you like poison. I want to listen when that number comes out on Friday
When the book comes out and we're number one in men again in midday, which you were on most of the summer
I want him to come in there. I want you to stand up drop your trousers. I want him to kiss go to you
Yeah, I'm serious. Sure. I want him to go kiss you kissy all over your smelly hairy butt
In fact, I don't even take pictures of it. We'll put it on the website. Listen here. It's not smelly
Yeah, like I said, I want him to in fact if you use that body wash I was so in a
But we need both people to eat apples today and of course especially if he's living at the end of the year like I said to Hank
Yesterday, how's that gonna affect his wild social life at any rate?
Man that Greg you talk about a silly guy. He is silly and dangerous kind of like your president nine look at this
900 and nine oh we did it already. This is not exciting at all. See how I want to say thanks for helping us over the top
But it would have been so much more fun to take it right down to the end, you know and then just like get up and put your pants on and walk out
Hey everybody
Brown and brown accountable for everybody drown that drown by the human being
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a round nose and I know where to point it
There was no one to get them say they don't vote
Republican anyway
I did everything I possibly can
Show myself home for the good looks plan. Oh, what a job I had and a wreck there a creamer when I'm much more
than a weasely steamer and a clueless son of a bitch
It's just things round nose and the bridge
It's his king round nose and the bridge
New Orleans is wiped out in gone
But W said I did one heck of a job and it's your pays on to be a crown and another white face
The Christian following the national God is down and down
We thought it's just to get the press out of town everybody go home. There's nothing to see
Everything is
Pinchy pain over hurricane gave us a big easy for
Social engineering like a giant republic its way
Jesus
Jesus
I don't believe compassion what we like it serves the right to have less blacks and you deceptive say it's a national disgrace
They should never black in the first place. This is no time to blame the blame game
If we know that the re-kains are called by
Not the right
Be clair in an arrow as well. What we're achieving the arrive is right-wing dream
Everybody White like me and then
Just around
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
I'm a technic
