One quick baseball note here and both went hit with again yesterday.
Oh my God.
The moral situation is one that they're going to have to make some decision on because they
can't keep him in a lineup within heading like he's not.
Time for Neil.
Maybe he's got Steve Blassendrom.
Yeah.
I mean Steve Blass was a pitchy.
I know.
But he woke up one day and he couldn't go straight.
I drove him.
And Mike Lowell had the same thing woke up one day and couldn't hit the ball.
No, no.
There's like who was it the second baseman for the Dodgers who couldn't throw the ball
the first these sacks?
Oh yeah, that's right.
That happens.
Yeah, what was that all about?
What's this all about?
The bottom of the first page of the Harold is the deep throat story.
The bottom of the first page?
Yeah.
It's not even a lead story.
Well, they're afraid that it might be considered pornographic.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I've been talking about that all morning.
I've been talking about that all morning.
What about Linda Lovelace?
Deep throat.
Oh.
Last night on the NBC evening news, they actually, whether we're doing the story,
they showed clips from the movie.
I mean, obviously not not sexual clips, but they showed.
Yeah, we showed clips from maybe the worst porn movie ever made.
That deep throat?
Yeah.
That's where the name came from.
Because the movie came out simultaneously with the one that's right.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
And so that's where they came up to call him deep throat.
Basically, he was just a snitch.
Isn't it kind of ironic that he was the number two man to gay Edgar Hoover?
Yes.
Yeah.
You're going to deep throat.
You know, this is just an ongoing thing with me where I feel that the Harold and the
people in a lot of local media have no respect for the history of this area.
And that Miami played a big part in that story.
You know, the plumbers were right here.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And the money that went to Crete went through the bank in Miami.
And yet none of that in the story.
And of course, Nixon's good buddy, BB Robozolo was down there.
Yeah.
You know, that story about the money that BB got from Howard Hughes.
Right.
And the story.
But that came out.
Well, this crowd that's running the Harold now, first of all, they have no clue of what
it's all about anyway.
They're like interlopers.
Yeah.
And I do want to mention again, a Jim DeFeedy, maybe the most grotesque excuse for a human being.
I was in, I was in, I was in roll my guest.
I'm watching CNN and there was some, some soft photos to refer to what it was.
And they interviewed Jim DeFeedy.
And he's about the only person I can actually say it looks worse than the picture they put in the newspaper.
You know how they got that like his, it looks like a boofo toad and all swelled up.
And on your shaving and just, I just couldn't imagine it.
I've never seen anything like it.
Well, he's a writer.
He should have been on that old show with Big Wilson, Creature Feature.
Or whoever did that show.
Was that Big Wilson or Dave Dixon?
Remember Creature Feature on Channel 6?
Yeah.
A Dixon.
Who did I say?
Yeah, Big Wilson had another show.
Right, I'll do it.
Yes.
Oh, that's right.
Hello, Big.
Hello, Big.
Here's good God, Big Wilson.
Boy, you can't live in the past.
Look at all the, he's a little, come and gone.
It was a nice man.
He really was.
He was a great guy.
Yep.
And Marty, what was the guy from the New York Steakhouse?
Marty Sussman.
Yes.
Did you know Marty?
I did know Marty.
Well, Marty and Big, it was a sponsor mine.
I had dinner with him one night.
Of course, Marty, he was the owner of the New York Steakhouse.
He was also a big fat guy.
And they're both dead now.
Yeah.
So we had to start thinking about that.
They were big, nice guys, big and fat though, and they're both dead.
Well, I'll tell you, that was a place you could really pick out.
New York Steakhouse.
I liked that place.
Yeah, it was great.
Yep.
It was.
And I do believe that when they moved to, I could be wrong, but I think that when they moved to the, I'm biscuit boulevard, they used to be on the beach, and then they moved to a biscuit.
Yep.
And they had a big piano in there, and I think Big used to like, think all on the piano.
He did.
Yeah.
He uses the piano at the top drawer.
Remember that place?
Oh, yeah.
Right up the street from the old station.
And what was the play, Oh Toby, the toast?
That was another sponsor, my and Toby and Mom.
What was that all about?
You know, a Toby is still around.
I saw him not too long ago.
They used to have the drugstore in surf site.
Yeah.
And that was their main business.
They also had the restaurant.
And Toby was still operating that place, and then the rent there became so high that they were forced out.
It was a big story.
So then my friend Freddie from the studio just died here a few weeks or a few months ago.
The studio on Carl Gables?
Yeah.
Well, that was his sponsor also, the great restaurant.
That was some of the best food ever in South Florida.
I agree.
See, I've found it when you really know you're getting old, is when all the people that you've known, your friends and acquaintances, when they're all dead.
That's why I thought it.
But everybody ever knew was dead.
Somebody asked me earlier today, if I'm so critical of the herald, how come I read it every day?
I said, because I have to look at the obits.
Yeah, there you go.
See who's still around?
Well, the only reason I get it is because it goes with the job.
I would never look at it again.
Exactly.
It's not going to read in it.
Well, there's a few of rare occasions every when I'm in town.
And I got the sun sent on the herald actually physically as opposed to reading it online.
But there's nothing to read in it.
Yesterday I reported that the county manager has been talking with,
hyzing his people about a way to keep the dolphins or the marines rather in that stadium,
and it involves a retractable roof.
The herald says there's nothing to the story, but it was on Channel 10 last night.
It's in the sun sentinel today.
Yeah.
But the herald is in total denial because last week Barry wrote that nobody has any interest on the user.
Well, they got to cover Barry's ass.
Yeah.
Now speaking of ass, the NHL sure doing a good job, aren't they?
They're having their meetings here again today and tomorrow.
Every day they got meetings.
We got meetings here and meetings there and things they're looking at.
And we'd be optimistic as the star this morning.
But ESPN says, well, we don't think it's all that optimistic.
That's why you can take your $60 million and stick it where the moon don't shine.
We're canceling the deal.
And if we do carry any games, we're not going to give you a penny for it.
We're going to be the same thing NBC is giving and that's nothing.
They want profit sharing.
Is that pathetic or what?
I mean, these people are such morons.
So you're watching people self-destruct.
Well, it was a big loser for ESPN to begin with.
And even here, even in the supposed hot bag of the hockey world, even here, nobody cares anymore.
It's not even talking about it.
I mean, it's on the news, but nobody cares.
Life goes on.
Yeah, to me, that's the real indicator.
When in places like Detroit and the cities in Canada have franchises and in Boston,
areas that were hotbeds.
Yeah, they're just set up with it.
They don't care anymore.
And the other sports should take a lesson from it.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Right, exactly.
That's why we show up every day, although not anymore than we have to.
13 is a great number, by the way.
Hank 13 was good enough for Dan Marino.
It's good enough for Matt Sunbeen 13 shows and counting.
Not that I'm counting right thing like that, but that's starting today.
The number shows left until my next vacation and that summer schedule kicks in.
Oh, summer vacations coming up.
Yeah, some of the summer, a whole summer deal.
Yeah.
You're the man.
I saw Charles Barclay last night at the heat game.
And I said, how you doing?
He said, as little as I can.
There you make what I do.
Exactly.
And in other words, I think I heard that from another broadcaster.
That him.
Oh.
Anyway, just take the checks like you said.
That's it.
Take it right to the bank, man.
That's all that's all about.
All this other getting whipped up into a frenzy.
Just not worth it.
No point.
Well, you have a good day.
And back to you.
I had a monitor go out this morning, little engineering problem.
I called a friend of mine downstairs who's in the computer.
That's what he is for a living.
One of his monitors.
We hooked it all up.
No engineering, no pain, no strain.
I'm going to add that on the table.
Oh, you should have seen the panic in this place.
I looked into the studio here in the bullpen.
And there's clients running around and up in a frenzy.
And I didn't know what it was about.
And I didn't ask.
Just another day in paradise.
Okay, I'll lose too much to then.
It's the first of June.
So kind of like, uh, tomorrow's start for the rest of the month.
Tomorrow's a big trend, right?
Okay.
We better kick some serious ass.
Obviously listening.
And tomorrow will be 12.
But when I'm counting, you understand tomorrow's 12 on the count time.
See you tomorrow.
You too.
It's beep.
Jerry is a new American idol.
Bo Lossy can pack up and go home.
Not enough red neck, sad to tell a bomb.
He was just a constant teen weapon.
They needed a white chip to exhale.
That's why they voted off on that.
And I was a whole bunch of girls.
They all came.
Yeah.
She'll be everywhere.
Come to tomorrow.
We'll look for five bad tomorrow.
She won't come tomorrow.
I'll take your two.
1075, 60, look at the speed of the devil.
People used to think deep that was a criminal.
That's Nick Jones.
That's Mark Fels' grandson.
Nick Jones.
See, the only interesting thing about America today is that nobody's got the same last name.
Have you noticed that?
Right.
Not just grandchildren, we're checking to understand that.
But the, you know, any Schwartz, sort of, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Calabrio, what is that all about?
I don't know.
I understand what's going on there.
Well, a lot of people are begetting and begetting.
I think to be hearing the biblical times is in the works.
And he has something's working.
I think it's coming.
Oh, I've been speaking to that.
I didn't look at the beaten courteignant.
We got to straighten out as early as 8.8.
Well, he made it back.
Oh, thank God for that.
And I also didn't notice a lot of things on here that happened when I was on vacation.
We got Alberto Jose Humeini's Gonzalez on there along with John Astroff.
I'd be the crew to make sure everybody's getting checked out.
And, wait a minute.
What's that Britney picture?
That's the bonus picture because we only had one of Shawna.
I told you about that.
You were talking about it.
Well, I don't see Shawna.
Okay.
Shawna or Shawna, she's not there.
There's a little thing that's got her name on it with little mark, but the she...
The Britney's there with kind of like one burby almost hanging out.
Yeah, you can see it.
Got a big smile on her face.
You can zoom in.
And there it is.
And then...
Oh, I didn't see all these other things that we had on there right above the old boot in the box.
So there's a whole bunch of stuff to keep you folks busy and keep you off the street.
You desperate rottos.
We asked yesterday, what's up Florida?
Athlete was the biggest stiff.
And unfortunately, a lot of you folks just didn't get it.
I think the word stiff was beyond your comprehension, beyond your grasp, if I can say that.
They just don't get it.
I mean, they were calling it, like, everything shy of Dan Marino.
You know, I mean, what is wrong with these people?
But, well, we already know the answer to that.
Don't we, I think it is...
I have no life.
Don't care about it.
Not a sports nerd.
Three other than 76 of you said that.
We just don't give a crap.
No matter what you say, we don't care.
23.3%.
And then just refuse to care.
Sammy Smith, though, won pretty handily.
168 went in pretty good contest going for wildest.
I don't think...
What's the, uh, Sammy Smith Tumblr bit call?
That's the cast and over one.
Sammy Smith Tumblr?
No, it's not.
Well, maybe it's called that, but it's not on my DCS.
Hmm.
Well, it's a good thing I got this monitor changed.
And I come in here this morning, and I'm thinking to myself of all the pieces of equipment
that I can't afford to have breakdown.
You know, I could have the internet...
I could have that go down.
You could, like, thanks me.
You'd like any old days.
Remember when I heard you have the faxist, the results of the poll?
How could I forget?
Before I decided to go and spring from my own computer because the beastly people heard
sheep skates, that's what I really say.
That's scandalous.
Multim...
On the stock exchange, multimillion dollar corporation, I have to buy my own equipment.
Pretty, uh, embarrassing.
Pretty...
Keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep the Dutch aren't that cheap.
Sammy Smith 168.
Cecil Collins 117, Edge Dow J. Feaver, with 16...
Oh!
I think it's a racial thing.
Jimmy Johnson 101, he didn't really belong under because it says what's off for the athlete.
I wonder how was he ever an athlete, huh?
Never.
No.
Say it in the blood, but nevertheless, he got a lot of votes and he kept you folks happy.
So just a chance to lash out at somebody who pissed you off.
You know, BAAAGH Jimmy, BAAAGH, we hate you.
You know, we hope that you're, uh, you, you're yacht sinks down there in the keys.
Harold 9 or 99, Lawrence Phillips 88, a real slime ball if there ever was one.
And one thing about Lawrence Phillips, man, no matter where he went, he was consistent from Nebraska
to, um, the dolphins for about five minutes, DeSan Francisco, to the CFL, no matter where he went, he continued doing his thing, you know.
Mortesdy's distraught 85.
He was really big on the fan for about two minutes, remember that?
They brought in all that high pay talent they had Jim Berry, rhymes with Dufair and Mary, and they had, uh, mortesdy's distraught.
And I bet you that, uh, this Waxie 790 thing with ticket when the trend comes out tomorrow, I bet you they're going to do even better than the fan, not by much, but a little bit.
Ray Lucas 72, Eric Kumaro 60.
See, a lot of people decide me, remember, Eric Kumaro is going to line up for the dolphins as Joe Zagaki announced,
recklessly.
I would say that was like a back of 89.90 round back in that day.
Yantle Greens got 54.
Chris Wells 45, a real stiffer rune, they traded away two barons into somebody else too, I forget who, for Chris Wells, Christina,
45, couldn't play a lick.
Critt Uphita were well, 36 kept falling down all the time, and sparing guys, but other net and the UIs.
Jamar Fletcher 33, who in your Felix 22, get the honey, who in your?
Those were kind of fun days, the early days of the Marlins, you know what Charlie Huff and Junior Felix and mortesdy's distraught.
Were you, uh, I don't know how many years ago would I have been?
How many years we had the franchise?
About ten?
Um, yeah, well, they're about.
So you'd have been old enough to be paying attention to Marlins then, right?
Yeah, I was.
Those were kind of fun days, remember, I was their opening day, I don't believe it was the day of the second game, the second home game,
Charlie Huff was pitching.
No, that was only that, the old Michael baller, while I was there, man, he, uh, about 100 years old.
Jamar Fletcher 33, who in your first 22, I said that, L-Lighter 21, hey, Al, you suck, baby.
John Bosa 18, Steve Entman 18, we figure out who he was?
He was a dolphin.
Oh, Roni's cycly 15, it says here, Robbie Needamire 14, Alakessler 14, the Heat Man, he was no, I'll tell you that, but then again, who is?
Jackie Ship 13, he's still waiting for his ship to come in.
Bobby Humphrey's 10, Ramon Castro's 6, S-A-Ticken in 5, the old figure skater, Joseph Rella 1, and out of over 1600 notes, Mike Wilson had...
Oh, man.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, not one.
Oh, man, hockey in South Florida, it's like oil and vinegar.
It's like putting cash to oil in your douche, man. It's just, it's incredible to me.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, Mike Wilson had, out of over 1600 notes.
Oh, that's because they don't know who that is.
That's pretty sad.
You're not listening to anything, but I'm just, uh, it's really sad.
13, past 10 at 5, 60 WQM Happy June, Numoro Uno, baby. It's really...
Thank you, Abe.
Here's something else that's incredible, Rich Room Filling Sound. From your iPod, that's correct.
The power of the Bose-Sombok digital music system is what we'd be talking about.
It brings the music on your iPod. The life even charges your iPod while it's planned.
See, that says the Bose-Sombok system is the best sounding iPod accessory they've ever tested.
That's because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most from the music on your iPod.
The Bose-Sombok system is friendly with iPod, iPod Mini, a new iPod photo.
It's like appearance stylishly blends with your iPod almost any room decor.
It's easy to use, and it even comes with a remote that controls the sound-op system,
and the basic functions of your iPod from all the way across the room.
So, let the room filling sound of the Bose-Sombok digital music system deliver a brand new exciting iPod experience
and insert iPod and then, here for yourself, what happens?
You can experience the sound-op system today at Apple, Best Buy, Circuit City,
Sound Advice or Target, or experience it at the Bose door at the bottom wall, or just go online at Bose.com.
What it comes with is sports. We even feel story.
Sports, what do you want?
I give you the real thing, Daniel.
The sea is the blanket.
Fights with corrent. Fights with corrent. It comes with silver-day.
Fights with corrent. Fights with corrent. Fights with corrent.
Yeah, let's flush all the Bible pages down the old, uh, blockchain.
What do you say? And that's the best idea I've ever seen.
Flurred it down the old, the tree, or just get a long tube and stick them in there.
Oh, look at all that mess in Florida, man. I'm so glad that I'm out there.
It's sunshine in here. It's going to be 77 beautiful degrees.
And in South Florida, and all over the whole state, it's just covered with a big blob.
Big blob. And they're saying it's going to be a really active and bad hurricane season.
How do you like that? Oh, it's going to be nasty.
So, batting down the hatches, beat your viscule, and all your stuff, and your roll-up shutters, and roll down shutters.
Right. Kansas fam.
Here's some good news from Overderry Yonder again today.
We don't have any exciting news from Iraq.
I don't think. But a suicide bombing inside of Moscow in southern Afghanistan,
during the funeral of a top Muslim cleric has killed at least 20 people, including the police chief of the country's capital.
The blast during today's funeral in Kandahar from Mula Abdul Fias also wounded 42 people, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry.
So, they're just dying over there like crazy. And we're saying, hey, don't worry about it, because that Al Zarqawi, he's got like a, he, uh, has like a, a bad thumbnail or something like that.
He had a hang nail and ingrow here on his beard. He was growing here on his ass, and we're sure that he's on the way out.
By the way, there's a tornado watch for South Florida to look at a clock this morning. I should mention that from our news wires at WQAM,
from our astute news department. Right. Isn't that embarrassing that I have to get to South of sunset and the website? I'm wired.
Yeah, tornado watches and affects 11 o'clock this morning as the hurricane season opened with a hot humid day that said a strong line of thunderstorms across South Florida.
A pre-dawn hours get ready, man. It's going to be a ring like hell. It's going to be like the end of the world. It's going to be bad.
I'm looking on that radar there and way down nearby, Kiwesta is this huge band of under on the radar dark reds and greens and purples and yellows.
Ooh, nasty stuff. Anyway, the National Weather Service said the watch covers Broward Palm Beach County,
a big collier glades in Henry counties that's named after her. Are you sure? It said heavy rain, hail as large as a half an inch and 70 mile hour gusts were possible during these thunderstorms,
including the adjacent waters and Lake Okachoby. This includes the cities of Moore Haven,
Cluiston, Fort Lauderdale, Naples and West Palm Beach. You ready for that?
Are you excited? Yeah, it's the thrill.
Gust is highest 70 miles an hour and hail and all these things nasty. So it's a good...
It's time not to be in South Florida, I just mentioned it in passing and for the next several months.
Let's see, June, July, August, September, October and then like early November, they finally say, okay, I think we're okay now, maybe.
We think. It's a long time. Unable to compromise, like I said, to the Huprim only moments ago, ESPN walked away from Prohockey yesterday.
They said, bye-bye, see it down the road or not.
We envision next year coming and going without any NHL product, the ESPN Executive Vice President Mark Shapiro said yesterday,
after the network decided not to exercise, it's $60 million option by today's deadline.
Without a labor deal and place Shapiro said that network would only have had interest and deal that didn't include any rights fees,
similar to NBC's contract with the NHL. Under such a scenario, the network and the league would share advertising revenue.
We're not negotiating Shapiro said at the end of the day, Gary Benton was uncomfortable cutting the price of the right fee for anything less than 60 million.
We're not playing games here, he said, and of course the NHL need to row day. They're also not playing games any.
It's a sad state of appear, I'll fear as you said, when ESPN and the NHL break up like that, I don't think anybody's going to step up to carry it.
So how do you like them, apples, huh? I don't know what you're just going to do all fall and winter long, no hockey again.
Here's the poll today. I got inspired and I realized maybe it's very boring especially with all the young punks like Josh,
all the young lipper snappers there because they don't have any idea what we're talking about.
But then that would be the same as any other day.
But I know we did the poll once before, but I think maybe combining them for tomorrow, I think it would be good.
And of course if I say it now, we're going to get all kinds of suggestions today, which I don't want.
But I would do them here because it's the number 13 is lucky. It's a lucky number today.
Remind us about favorite business, favorite business that no longer exists.
Like it could be like at a parvin store like Jefferson's or a restaurant like New York Steakhouse or Studio.
The famous huh? Okay, that's fun.
And you've certainly been around long enough to remember all these. How about the Villa deli, right?
That we found out yesterday close six years ago and we just forgot about it.
I'll decide out of mind. Well, Eric yesterday being the nice guy that he is on very rare occasion.
He emailed me the recipe for making griveness.
All righty then. And you're right there. It's like chicken skin and chicken fat and onions and all fried up together with salt and pepper and all these things.
And I said, hey, thanks a lot, Eric. But I really am, you know, it's like,
like they call fettuccine Alfredo a heart attack on a place where this is heart attack in a frying pan.
I mean, just forget about it. Just inject it right into your heart.
Oh, yeah. But it is good. It's really tasty.
And they'll give you that oil clogged my arteries are feeling real quick.
Thanks to the met banana nut ice cream that you folks can't find that hog and ice.
Too bad. What's the biggest rip off today? That's our poll today.
You know, I might actually change the poll. Can we do that or is Eric out of do that?
No, we can do that. Oh, I mean, Eric will do it ultimately, but he's on, you know, board.
He's on board today. He's on with a, because I'm so whipped up about this other thing.
What got that started, Villa deli? No, no. Hank and I were talking about it moved into the toast,
but there was something before that. Always a big Wilson and near a safe house in Marty Susman.
That's what it was. What was that Danish place?
There was like on 79th and Biscayne right near where we used to work, the, um,
Danish buffet. And then they moved over the beach and then they disappeared.
What that was the name of that place? They'll never got to eat there.
I hear it was really fabulous, just sensational. Danish buffet.
I think I'm going to like Schmidt Candice poll today. It was one of Sean's.
I apologize. Sean, not that we don't like it. And I don't know. What do you think?
Oh, I think this is a good poll. Why wait?
Yeah, but I'm so whipped up about this other one, man.
You'll still be whipped up tomorrow. Yeah, you're right.
What's the biggest rip off today? 285 votes already. And I didn't put it on there to like quarter to 10,
because we had all these other technical issues to deal with this one.
So we're doing okay with this. Gas prices 54, medical insurance 48, prescription drug prices 44.
Stadium Concessions 20, car insurance 16, hospital treatment 14, and college tuition's gotten young.
Yeah, that's pretty good for your right. Let's leave it.
But also let's start thinking toward right.
Right. So it tomorrow, you know.
See, look at those phones just going crazy. Uh-huh.
Well, here's what I got for tomorrow so far myself.
Favorite software to business that no longer I got one also.
What was the before it became dillards and there was mervants before that.
And what was it? Oh, it's your in March. Okay.
Didn't you love your in March? I like it just fun.
I was a developer, so I didn't.
Well, I mean, we're guys with OCM would be careful.
I was wondering if it's not a long time.
That's not great store.
Whatever it is, we like it. Yeah.
If it's in business, it's great. Right.
And if it ever was in business, we still like it because of my come back.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hi there. Yes, ma'am.
The restaurant is the Prince Hamlet on this table.
That's the one. It was the one awesome. Awesome food.
And you know what was across the street that I also never got to eat at because it was before my time was juniors.
Yeah, juniors restaurant. Juniors. Right.
Yeah, Mr. Prince Hamlet, great food.
But one of the chefs who owned the Prince Hamlet has opened a place down south.
And it's called two chefs.
And of course, it's not nearly the type of restaurant.
But good food nevertheless.
Well, you can't go back. It's never going to be the same.
We can't ever go back. Love you, Neil.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Bye-bye. Bye.
Prince Hamlet, she's right. She is absolutely correct.
Did we put that under yet for tomorrow?
Yeah. I don't think we've ever done this before.
We're like doing two pulls and what it's on there.
And then we'll like kind of also build this one to it and stick it on there tomorrow.
We'll stick it. What do you say?
Right.
So you give Eric like a little heads up on this whole deal.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQM.
You're technically astonishing station.
Really incredible. I'm sitting here like everything is working now.
Like a couple of hours ago, I was like thinking, oh boy.
And then of course you got that situation over that fax machine and that phone line,
which I'm sure they haven't fixed yet. Have they?
I haven't heard anything about it.
Do you want to fix your head up so that ball spot goes away?
Chuck Alfie, Eric, you're doing for you.
And Neil Rogers.
Mr. Leno, how well do you know Mr. Jackson?
I know Michael pretty well.
Could you be more specific, Mr. Leno, what kind of relationship?
I would say it's more of a just a regular friendship.
You know, I wouldn't throw on my pajamas and spend a night with him.
I see you, okay?
What's your mind's name? Michael, are you late again today?
No, I wasn't.
Oh, okay. Well, I saw you walk into court trying.
I think you were going to menopause.
Is there something? I didn't know Mr. Leno.
What are in the court?
Michael, let me ask you something.
You still wearing that personal legition into court?
Yes. He's here at Stuntland.
Does that's the same day to make such young boys pants disappear?
See?
I'm just kidding Michael. I love you.
I can't wait to see you.
Michael, could I ask you something else?
Can you afford the payroll with Neverland?
Yes.
Yes.
I guess with a sigh of hands in the pocket of a 12-year-old,
I thought you were looking for lunch money, you know?
Mr. Leno, you were out of order in this court.
Come on, give me a break. You're not giving Michael any breaks.
Michael, everybody knows why you have a bad back.
What?
You're not from bending down and asking what your name is.
It's a rental of steam from those red bars.
I just found some fun with my friend Michael here.
1032, 2824, 11 or 12.
Let's see what we got on the tap today.
What do we got on tap?
Heineken?
Heineken.
Mojave.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Heineken.
Given that , bueno, blyat has had another place to stay in this大 part.
There is also a local market around, in any distany oven.
…There is a observance, or a dinner, or militaryaged gathering, and airtime, or a
hospital, or a house, or village.
Here's the Pados NBA.
That's amazing.
Oh yes.
These mugwumps, all these BDI weird, strange people's.
Anyway, she's a reading of 13 grand to help pay for the cost of the city and
encourage searching for her, the mayor said to.
While she was an alpha-curkey in that blue van with a guy's with a short hair.
The city attorney notified mayor, surely the last-sitter, uh-oh, last-sitter.
What do I want to have at an old blob, oh, you know what?
Maybe somebody knows.
All right.
That a written agreement for compensation has been reached.
The city expected to really even check from Bill Banks on Tuesday, last-sitter said,
meaning this next Tuesday.
And accepting the agreement, the city will have to write off about 30 grand.
About 30, man.
In other costs, searching for the bride to be who disappeared April 26th, four days before
her planned wedding, which he seems to be making a habit of this.
We're very appreciative of that.
Maybe she's just afraid of that thing, you know.
What the, oh, that thing.
Oh, I can't say the word, but she's afraid of that mayor thing.
Maybe she's terrified of that.
You don't want to see it.
You don't want to like, oh, anywhere near her.
We're not, we're very appreciative.
They were women.
We give us the 13 grand.
We certainly would have welcomed the entire month.
It's covered all of our employees, but we're ready to get this behind this last-sitter
sale.
So to speak.
Uh, she could get up to six years behind bars and $11,000 in fines have convicted.
She could also be ordered to reimburse authorities, though several state and county agencies have
said they will not ask her to reimburse them for search costs.
See, I think that's a bunch of below me.
Why they let them hear off the hook?
Is it for all time's sake?
Oh, because, you know, she's a chick.
Because she's crazy?
Yeah.
Because she's crazy than a bed bug?
Oh, I'll be damned.
Speaking of what I was talking yesterday about America's habit of, everybody like,
excuse me, everybody all up because it's a country obsessed with guns and with shooting
people and like, just going, each spot.
I like that little four-year-old kid that got killed.
I mean, see, it's just a new story to most people because they don't know the family,
they don't know the kids.
It's just another anonymous dead person, you know, but it just, it reaches the point
where it starts getting a little bit aggravating, ain't it?
Yeah, whatever.
Where people aren't going to have a chance to live any kind of a life at all because
somebody, they're like, first of all, dressed them up in a camouflage gear.
It's a really good idea.
Put on some camouflage pants over your Zubin pants and then wander around kind of like
behind the target.
And then let's see if somebody kills you.
I guess you guys want a camouflage baby strollers, I think, is a good thing.
That would be good.
I think everybody ought to walk around and dress up in camouflage now because, especially,
would you lie the forthcoming?
Oh, you know what happens?
All your people in high alia camouflage outfits for the fourth of July.
Sounds good.
Where every day is target practice.
Well, I got a story you won't believe, speak of that, about Preston-Hen.
You were out of the room.
Oh, I heard about that.
Did you see this?
This morning, the update.
Are a good, close buddy Preston in his hand.
Yeah, he owed big time.
Why don't we get to that?
But first, Simey Valley, California.
Why are there so many crazy people in California?
I don't know.
I mean, we got just lucky.
Inbreads in Joja and North Carolina and Florida, we already agreed on that in some in Louisiana.
But the crazy people seem to like congregate in California.
I'll take something about it.
Three people were killed in five hurtness areas of shootings, pistol weapons and car jacking
that ended Tuesday.
When the suspect killed himself with a shot to the head inside a Walmart authority seed.
Well, guess what?
That's not on the list so we can still rip them in ass.
Walmart.
Good.
In fact, I think anybody that chops their ought to be regretful.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, they've been to your county sheriff department.
I don't know if I had the government.
His Toby Welchell, 38 whose last known address was in Indiana.
And I'd like to see if they would have checked his record.
They'd find out that Indiana wants me.
Wanted to him?
Our Dean Taylor.
I like that song a lot.
It's corny, but I still like that song.
Indiana wants me.
Don't you like that?
Yeah, it's all right.
I'll play that song.
It's corny, but so was the flying saucer by Buchanan Goodman.
The violence began Monday when three people were shot in the front yard of a home in Thousand
Oaks, California.
A wound identified as Jan Hine, 51, was pronounced dead at the scene.
And Steve Mason, a 52 year old attorney, died at a hospital.
Timothy Haine, a Hine, whatever his name is, a rock music manager, is in critical condition.
He was saying the last thing he said was.
I'm dying over here.
A authority said, well, Shell had a business relationship with one of the victims, but they
didn't elaborate.
A third fatality, a 48 year old woman was killed Tuesday to home in a separate incident
of the court of police, two of her children were among the injured.
After fling the first half's Monday, well, Shell abandoned his truck and seized another
one at gunpoint, poli said.
That truck was found Tuesday morning shortly before police received a disturbance call from
the woman at a nearby home where well, Shell had apparently tried to steal another vehicle.
Sheriff's deputies Scott Ramirez, who is no relation to many Ramirez, arrived on
the tank, arrived to find, well, Shell firing at the woman's husband.
The deputy was struck once or twice in left shoulder area, Sheriff Bob Brooks said.
Ramirez, 30, hospitalized, but expected to recover.
The woman possibly shot and two of her children were pistol whipped, Brooks said.
The woman identified as Carol Nordella, died from her injuries at the hospital.
This just goes on a 10 year old boy and 14 year old girl were treated for head wounds,
a full maintenance man who was beaten for his car, also received hospital treatment.
The suspect was chased down by polis to the Walmart store in Simi Valley, about 35 miles
northwest of downtown LA.
Now, why would he stop at Walmart?
I don't know.
He had a criminal record, I told you, in Florida, Indiana, wanted him and California,
including resisting arrest and battery and a police officer, and now he's there.
So, he first stopped into Walmart and now see what happens when you make a bad mistake
like that.
That's right, never turn.
Got a great story about our good close personal friend, Preston Han from the Swap Shot,
who of course is really tight buddies with your favorite Nick Novaro.
And we are more than one occasion.
Did appearances at the Swap Shot years ago back in those old salad days?
Remember those salad days?
I sure do.
Of course it was kind of a small salad with their like blue cheese, rancid, blue cheese
dressing on it.
They're the IOD days.
They had their moments, like I said yesterday, much better food.
We wouldn't have had a, I guarantee you one thing, we wouldn't have had to go on here
in big for weeks and weeks to finally get Josh and food and then to top it off from
one of our ex-sponsors like we did on Friday.
We'd have gotten it like, just like that, prompted.
Hear me snap my fingers, my fingers aren't snapping to good today.
I don't feel too snapping.
But we'd have had it like pronto, right?
We had that food thing down pat.
But then again, when you look at the, I mean right now, the neighborhood, look at the
hood.
And you have a Chuck sub-center over there, and you've got Brad and Tony's up the street.
But you don't have like a great selection of fine cuisine in the area if you catch my
grip.
Well you got the kernel there right across the street.
Sure.
And we do like the kernel a lot.
We like everybody.
If you're a businessman, we love you.
We love you.
We especially like howies.
We like howies today because I can hear they brought more food.
I can hear it rattling around in the bag in the sack, El Saco, or maybe it's enough.
Chew, huh?
Wouldn't that be great if they just, if we just had like a, like they do with the bank,
you know how you put your money in that plastic tube and the stick in the thing.
There you go.
You go through the right through.
That would be great if we just had a whole bunch of those chews.
And you know, you just pressed the button and one day, howies would send the full tube
out of the tube.
And he's a BLT right in one of those.
Right.
That would be great.
Maybe one over the way the Arnold's there.
Stick a few Neely burgers in that long tube.
And shovel them right and run over.
That's a great idea.
I think I'm losing my mind as a modest dump waiter.
1041 19 before 11 at 5, 60 WQ way in here.
You got out WQ KM.
Where the bag is in here.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
You can save your people by retiring with me to the seat you.
I like my men tall, but...
Don't hesitate, my dear.
You will be pleasantly surprised.
Well, I guess.
We have to take off that helmet.
Okay.
Hey there, little darlin.
Let's pretend you're from the planet in Ternia and I'm the evil warlord.
What do you say?
You can help me get my last dose of the grudge.
I got some photos of you until the new year.
It's 1047, 15 before 11 at 5, 60, 300 votes on the poll that nobody wants to talk about.
Yeah.
You are eating, man.
It's disgusting.
What's the biggest ripoff today?
I knew you were eating this while I like pausier to force you to do it.
I mentioned Josh is eating too and between his mongolies and the food in his mouth, he
probably really sounds good.
Well, today he's scared me because nothing's working over here on this land.
Like the facts machine.
Right.
Oh, you don't have to send the facts and you can just tell me what they are if any come
in.
But we put them on the poll already.
Oh, you did?
Credit card companies.
Even though we love them all in the world.
I don't see it on my poll here.
I don't see no credit card companies.
What are they?
And maybe you think you put it on a poll, Mr. but I don't see it on my poll.
You must refresh it.
What are we fresh now?
I just refreshed it.
And in a mile.
It's refreshing and in his mouth.
Pain to see.
Revenge of the Sith.
Oh, there it is.
Pain to see.
Revenge of the Sith.
Oh, pyramid schemes.
Anyway, 306 votes.
Gas prices 81.
Prescription drug prices 72.
Medical insurance 72.
Stadium Concessions 28.
See the big drop off there.
Hospital treatment 20.
Car insurance 20.
College tuition 13.
And we just put on pyramid schemes.
Pain to see the revenge of the Schmidt and the credit card companies.
What we got on there.
So I know I speak out of a precedent as hen.
We did a few remotes there.
We did a couple of shows there and I think Nick and Viral was behind it.
Because Nick of course hates me like poison.
I mean, absolute poison.
And as a result, because he's best buddies with Preston hen who owns the slompshop,
back in the IOD days, they had me do shows there.
We actually did the program there on the stage and they were doing the elephant stuff right
in front of us.
Now I'm going to tell you even though they have all that elephant litter put down there.
Is that what that would call it?
Okay.
Kitty litter must be elephant litter.
Oh, me.
God.
Oh, holy cow.
Holy moly.
Get the canole.
And get me out of here.
The stench, the aroma.
And I have to sit there for hours sniffing the droppings from Harry Elefante.
But anyway, we don't want to think back to that doing.
And they also used to put those bright lights on me.
So I mean, by about 1030, I'd be so.
Like a chick.
Yeah.
I think that was just a way of punishing me.
And during the breaks, Nick would come, hey, how you doing?
You miserable white hair piece of tear at you.
You're worse than what's Michael Jackson's lawyer?
The one with the white hair?
Oh, jeez, card.
Whatever's the name.
Well, you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
You were very nervous about guys with white hair.
Swap shop owner Preston hen criticized the BS.
Oh, yesterday saying a recent conference.
And is that ironic since his buddy is the former sheriff of former, the new guy apparently
doesn't like it?
Ken Jenny, the possible.
Preston hen criticized the BS.
So yesterday saying a recent confrontation would not have gotten out of hand if not for
overzealous and incompetent deputies.
Where's Nick Navarro when we need him, huh?
hen 74 is back in charge of the swap shop after spending more than a week under psychiatric
care since he classed with deputies on May 20th.
Deputies used a taser on him outside his swap shop office then brought him to the hospital
under the Baker Act, which allowed him to be detained up to 72 hours.
He stayed beyond that leaving Imperial Plum Medical Center on Sunday.
They had a Baker Act him.
Wow.
We're standing behind our deputies and believe they acted appropriately said Sheriff Spokesman
Jim Leidall according to that adding that the deputy who fired the taser was trained
in dealing with people who are disturbed.
The sheriff's office and the state's attorney's office have yet to decide whether to charge
hen for his actions on May 20th.
hen disputed some key elements of the official account of the incident which led him to spending
a week and a half under psychiatric evaluation.
And he said surveillance video proves his point.
Thank God I have surveillance equipment at the swap shop.
He said if I was a poor average citizen, BS.
Oh, would accuse me of attacking a chief I'd be in jail right now.
The video shows hen arriving at his office in a golf cart after getting away from deputies
who would handcuff him minutes earlier.
He goes into his office with three deputies in pursuit.
A few minutes later hen has seen coming out of his orifice, brushing a woman aside and
coming to achieve George Jarbo of the BS.
Oh, George Jarbo of the BS.
Oh.
Deputy Christopher Labbarbera has seen behind hen with a taser.
I think everybody ought to have a taser.
Don't you think if your kids get out of control of the supermarket, this is a napam.
Did you see that video?
The boy in the beach woman getting taser?
Right.
That was great.
What happens next is the subject of disagreement between hen and the BS.
Oh, hen said he calmly walked out of his orifice, was hit in the back with a taser and fell
into Jarbo.
Lee had also had hen came charging out of his office and that the taser wasn't fired
until after hen hit the chief.
Because this surveillance video is a series of still photos, it's not clear exactly when
the taser was fired.
After he was stunned, hen struggled with deputies, led him to a patrol car and then kicked
out a rear passenger window.
Oh, man, what's going on here?
I had no knowledge of what I was doing for 45 minutes, hen said, so they've living
his behavior on his shock after being hit in the back with 50,000 volts.
He complained that a taser should not be used on the 74-year-old man.
He also complained that a deputy ain't begun in his wife, which apparent on the video.
And while hen admitted that the taser could not explain his actions earlier on May 20th,
he said he didn't do nothing wrong.
But they began with hen trying to evict the vendor who he said was late on his rent.
The vendor, Joel, libelovich, complained that hen was evicting him without cause and
that hen had shoved him to the ground.
According to a deputies event, report to witnesses verified love of vitches account or that
lobovitch.
But two deputies who were working off duty security details were being paid by a hen
did not arrest the Swap Shop owner.
Instead, he ordered them off the Swap Shop property according to the report.
That's not unusual, said Leidahl, referring to the decision not to arrest hen.
Live of vitches declined to comment on May 20th.
Incident accepted that he was up to date with his rent payments.
Live of vitch again called for deputies on Monday complaining that hen had renewed his
eviction effort.
And also said he was justified in getting away from the deputies in his golf cart.
After his handcuffs are removed later on May 20th, he said the cuff splat his arms
bruised and showed the bruises during interview two days, stating they haven't gone away.
Oye, they haven't gone away and what's going on with my good close personal friend,
pressed in hen, huh?
Holy moly.
We don't want to let people get old.
You know, they lose their mind.
No, no, oh, she don't say that.
See, I'm sorry, you said that.
You're making judgments now.
You're passing judgment.
How do you like to get taser with 50,000 volts?
You like to start acting a little like that, sitting under it to make a rat or your ass, right?
They have to make a rat your ass.
Oh, you don't have to taser me to do that.
I mean, this make a rat business, if we're really going to do that, we've got plenty of
people at QA and who should have been make a rat for a long time ago.
Let's get busy.
Yeah.
I mean, get cereal.
Oh, don't forget the trend comes out tomorrow.
We got more numbers to play with tomorrow.
Oh, we got a two five and a seven eight.
We got more numbers.
We got a trend.
If you haven't noticed them, get really tired of that crap.
It's getting really stale.
The only number I have in my mind is 13.
Dominic QA M, hello.
Yeah, I got something to say after I make a poll suggestion.
Okay.
The QA M, celebrity auction?
Yes.
The freaking ripoff.
Okay.
I don't want to say nothing about my life.
That was great.
Good call, Pally.
Excellent.
Let's go home.
The QA M online auction.
That's an excellent choice.
I'm sure you get a lot of votes.
Dominic QA M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I've been trying to listen to you on my computer.
Yeah.
But when I click here to listen live, I get a little window open that says file download.
Yeah.
Right.
And it says you want to open or save this file.
Open it.
Save it.
Oh, okay.
It's okay to do it.
Yeah, because it just started up here and I used to just go directly there and it would
be okay.
Because we're not streaming the archives anymore.
They're on MP3 format so that you can put it on your MP3 player.
On your MP2 player and listen to it while you're out there robbing a gas thing.
You're leisure.
You can take it with you and podcast while you're out there doing holdups at 7.11.
All right.
I'll do that.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Thanks a lot.
So no problem.
We're here to help you, man.
We're here to fix stuff for you.
I like that.
My nice, the crappy old monitor here.
It's a date tech.
Oh, I've seen those.
Lost another loan to date tech.
I've seen date tech.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a real piece of crap.
It's very old.
Yeah, but there's there.
And also the screen is like roundish like the old ones, remember?
Oh, god, really?
As opposed to, I mean, even the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,
the, the, the, the, the, the, the screen is like a flat screen.
This one is roundish so it looks like a little on the screen side, you know.
It's hard to echo.
Is that what it is?
I'm going to go out there tonight after I, in fact, that's my goal today.
Now I've got to win enough money to go and buy me a new, nice monitor.
I'm not going to charge the company for that because they're having tough times, you
know.
The, the, the, are they?
Well, I don't know if they are or not, but they sure are so like, for me to pay for
my own equipment.
So I'm used to it just like these all the way.
Did you reimburse for my density, dex, although I didn't install them myself.
Nice go, a meal, huh?
Why too to envision any of our other fine broadcasters on this radio station installing
equipment in a studio, huh?
Stop and think about that, Mr. Hot Shots.
That's Mr. Hot Shots to you, right?
Right.
So I'm going to go out and give me a nice monitor.
Any suggestion?
Well, Josh will think about it.
Yeah, does it really make a difference?
Not really.
Oh, really?
Just get one of those nice new flat ones.
Yeah, that's it.
One of the nice big ones.
1057 at QAN.
Hey, this is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Coming up tonight, I'm inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography
profile story.
They weren't psychedelic, and they didn't wear it first.
Yet they were the psychedelic first.
What the hell were they trying to pull?
Can you just a couple of words put together psychedelic first?
We weren't really saying anything, really.
Yeah, well, that was a whole problem of the day in stupid 80s, wasn't it?
A bunch of meaningless crap laid over a bunch of crappy drum machines and lame ass synthesizers.
Oh, geez.
God, I wouldn't give to have one jerk from every crappy 80s band lined up right now.
It's like to beat the crap out of every single one of them.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh my God, human league and tajaggoogoo.
Oh, oh, oh.
And you guys, what the freaking thing all of you?
This is fantastic.
Over there, a spandale, L.A. and the Rand, the Rand and those jagos in it.
I have a tiger.
Bring him on.
Excuse me.
Who are you?
On with us from psychedelic first.
Isn't this my segment?
Oh, yes, you're absolutely right.
No, no, no, no.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing wet-looking show business tonight.
On inside of a hind.
It's 11.02 at 5.60.
Nobody can cue.
I'm happy first of Julio, maybe.
It's the first of June.
And you forgot to remind me when I was talking to the Humper this morning.
Oh, yeah.
Don't forget.
What was it you were supposed to remind me about?
I don't know.
It had something to do with some sports or racing or horses.
Gary Cohen.
Oh, yeah.
I said you should know because he had a sister, Mary.
Mary Cohen.
Yeah.
The brother Marty.
And Marty Cohen, right.
5.67.05.60.
This pool for tomorrow is, I just love that.
Is that call living in the past?
I don't know.
It's fun to reminisce about stuff that was, when it was good, you know.
Yeah.
Right?
No, it's fun.
And then it does.
It's kind of depressing, though, because you think, boy, look at all these great prices
and now look where we got.
You know, pop that jenko.
Look what we got now.
Speaking of depressing since we still don't have the past machine.
Yes.
Luke says, Neil, thank you for that link of George Galloway's testimony.
The best that guy's got real balls.
Love you, Luke.
OK.
Feel the life, Luke.
When you're playing, I have no life.
We like you a lot, Luke, but cut the crap.
Gary Cohen.
Don't let me forget.
He was a jockey and then he became a jockey agent.
And there's a jockey David Cohen in California.
I don't know what that was all about.
Why did I want to know that?
I don't know.
Because it's something Hank will know.
OK, he knows these things.
He knows stuff.
There's stuff that he knows that nobody else knows.
Believe me, he ain't going to tell us, but nevertheless.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Go, boy.
Look at Luke.
QYM?
Oh, Neil, I don't Valley.
OK, Pally, what do you got?
I got three things for you.
First off, I'm just calling you guys.
I don't know if it's my cell phone or if it's you guys.
I call three times.
And I got some guy, Octavia, leaving me to leave
on my message.
So the other thing is this, the old old, old, old.
Octavia, that's part of his new boyfriend, yeah.
Do you remember Doria's restaurant now, like Hollanda,
area?
What was it?
Doria's.
Italian.
Doria.
Oh, Doria, never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Oh, that's great.
A Thai food.
And then last thing, Neil, yesterday on your poll,
I missed it.
Nobody sent Jennifer Capriotti today.
Jennifer Capriotti was a stiff?
Well, in the beginning, you remember
she was going to we have with the drugs and the old man.
I mean, that was a personal thing,
but she was a fine player.
But you just don't get it.
You guys, I have no life.
See, the stiff doesn't mean personal.
It means in terms of their performance.
So we're getting like two calls Jose,
can suck all of you.
What is wrong with you, people?
The question is, whatever they wanted to be.
Oh, I see.
I forgot about that.
Whatever they interpreted to be.
She was one fine little tennis player there, Jennifer Capriotti.
I'm like, I'm sure about all that.
And she also smoked a good bomb.
God.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
I heard it head along.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What did you say?
Hi, appali.
Now, was it?
That wasn't even close.
WQAM, hello.
How's that for clapping?
Maybe we could press them up with Ron, huh?
Yeah, let's talk about needing to be Baker acted.
Wow.
Is there any doubt about it?
No.
There'll be a little mock on the door and about an hour, Ron.
OK, just go quietly.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, David Cohen sucks.
Tyler raises the sky.
Tyler raises the man, man.
Yeah, baby.
See you.
OK.
Hey, there's a racing guy.
He knows he's a racing crap.
He ain't no happier crustalano though.
He ain't just like happier crustalano,
because you're thinking he's cute.
That's true.
He's a good jockey.
He ain't no cash asmucin.
Anyway, 5.67.
Here's the whole thing.
Panty Cannon says felt was a traitor.
Oh, you know, Panty Cannon, I guess,
is we've written back to his origin.
You know, you can take the Nazi out of the camp,
but you can't take the Nazi out of the Nazi.
So it's more important to be loyal to your boss
than to America, right?
People who actually pay your salary,
and the people who you saw in oath
to protect the interests of.
I find this story most amusing,
because earlier in the day, Woodward and Bernstein
were saying, oh, well, we're going to continue
honoring his request.
I mean, the guy says, hey, guess what?
It's me.
I'm it.
I hold my hand up in the air.
And my family says, I'm a hero and I
ought to tell everybody, and he did the interview
with Vanity Fair.
And then finally, the Washington Post confirmed
that W. Mark's felt a number two official of the FBI was
deep throat.
The secretive source of provided information
and helped unravel the Watergate
Sandal in the early 70s and contributed
to the resignation of the anxious,
Richard and Millhouse Nixon.
The confirmation came from Bob Lover and Carl Bernstein
to watch the Post report as the Brook to Watergate story
and their former top editor, Benjamin C. Bradley,
who was played in the movie by Jason Robards.
You saw that, all the presidents, men?
Long time ago.
With Dustin Hoffman, Robert Wrett and Jason Robards.
You know, Jason Robards was so great.
And it's just, I keep thinking about Magnolia.
It's sad that you don't like it as much as you should like it.
And the fact that it matters is that he was dying
during the filming of the movie.
A lot of that going on.
Yeah.
And so like he's sitting there with the tubes in his,
no, he was, he was great in there.
He was in one crusty, mean old son of a bitch.
Uh-huh.
And then shortly after they finished the movie, he died, you know?
He was a great actor.
He was also in a boy in his dog.
Yes, he was.
With Don Johnson.
Back when Don Johnson was, uh, we liked him.
But also back when, uh, it was, it was very much like a prisoner.
I always think of the prisoner and the boy in his dog is still,
still kind of sci-fi-ish, uh,
same thing, atmosphere.
Yeah.
The man of these Ferris Garre said,
felt had admitted as a historic anonymous role,
thought of one years of denial.
He was on denial with Theo Patra.
And now he's on TV all over the place with his final
looking grandson.
What's his name is grandson Elmer Stogras?
What is that?
I don't know.
He sure looks awful good to me.
But then again, so did Linda Tripson.
Then he got ugly, you know?
Yeah, that has a way of happening to people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
5, 5, 60, and they've risen and singular while I think my mind
is just a little bit off.
Somebody please come and Baker rack me, OK?
Give me with a taser, like that, of course, the way.
Because of that, uh, walking in this morning and seeing of all,
of all the pieces of equipment that needed to be off,
that was the last one I needed to be not working.
Was that monitor on DCS?
What's the DCS you probably want?
And one of DCS is the thing that goes like, like that, you know?
It's got like just zillions of light, like things like that.
Yeah.
It's our audio storage.
Right.
It ain't no audio, right?
Thanks a lot.
Yeah.
Don't care, it made some.
As opposed to the 360 that just goes, you fare like that.
For short stuff, yeah, it's a drop box.
Like you and Maddie Bell, short stuff.
Oh, speaking of that, this is really sad.
This is the out-and-over-the-lifer cry.
This is really bad.
Villagers in India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands
have refused to accept tsunami compensation
that they say continues to be poultry.
Last month, an inquiry was launched into payments
as low as two rupees, less than five US cents for tsunami damage, less than five cents.
Well, the Lagizza refusing compensation
ranging between 100 to 200 rupees.
Well, let's see, 200 to be 100 times, let me buy bucks.
Yeah, don't spend it all in one place.
Right.
Thousands of islanders were killed, as we know.
Many survivors were made homeless.
India's Central government promised millions of dollars in aid to the end of Minsan,
the after the tsunami.
Travel spokesman said the government kept victims waiting for three months,
and then, after all at time, provided joke compensation.
What a joke, huh?
Yeah, I was Indians, man.
What a sense of humor.
Maybe that's why they smell like that.
Charity champion, that's the Indians from India, of course.
Charity champion from champion village in the Nekauri Islands
and the south of the archipelago received a check for two Indian rupees
for damage to her coconut trees.
Oh, that's going to be your compensation for those awful trees they took out of your yard.
Yeah, about that.
Yeah, two rupees.
Now, in Northern Andaman Islands, villages are refusing compensation
ranging from 100 to 200 rupees.
The island administration has published a list of villages whose residents have not yet picked up their compensation.
Janith Mewa and 46 other villages have been sanctioned.
8650 rupees, that's 201 bucks, at 104 rupees,
four dollars for every person for more than three acres of prime farmland damage by seawater.
I don't understand that they've been sanctioned.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
As Malik, ASOIC, AS Malik and 20 other villages have been allotted over 5,000 rupees,
on 16 bucks, at 238 rupees, five bucks for every person for their damaged farm.
The village it goes on, it's a joke.
It's a big joke.
Hey, you're having damage.
You lost your ass.
Well, here's a couple of rupees.
Stick these with a moon dome chime.
Not even baby rupees.
Now they open up the envelope and see if two rupees near say, what's that?
Is what they're doing.
And of course, with that kind of sense of humor, no, why do they get in the screw door?
But it comes to sport.
We are the outsourced sports radio by 16-year-old Shinway.
I tell you.
Absolutely.
When it began, and again was a nice guy, now he's been pulled to the dark side.
He'll fight over one, and fall in a pit of lava, where all the good and him is bright.
Oh, yeah.
Lightning go.
To see the.
Look at me.
Revenge of the dead.
Star was a cause.
What's that again?
You'll feel the force.
The force.
The force.
The force.
The force.
Die, baby's born.
What's that?
The force.
And to the fans, this picture is better than yours.
Hey, judge of things.
And I can't stand the war.
I'm not too scared.
But love those Jedi lightsaber dudes.
The Greek be your.
I'm not.
You think you're the Yoda and not the two be two?
Everything about them just.
Oh, hey.
Lightning go.
To see the.
Look at me.
Revenge of the dead.
After this war,
The whole star was famous.
It's done.
It's done.
Yes, I live through.
The whole world was real.
Love when I take a WQAM,
I'll tell you one thing.
Who really gets up my nerves big time.
I cannot stand him.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to know from him.
And that is Neil Diamond.
I think it is.
I said like he's Jewish.
Like that you know.
No, I did not.
Neil Diamond is Jewish.
Get out of here.
Where'd you come up with that crap?
Oh, he didn't you never knew?
He's not Jewish.
Okay.
Next you're going to be telling me that John Wayne was Jewish.
Well, it's no joke.
Hurricane season which starts today brings good news and bad news
as the Sun Sentinel.
The bad news first.
A Colorado scientist with a respectable record of predicting a number of hurricanes each season.
He's more storms on the horizon this year.
Oh my God.
Now the good news.
A veteran meteorologist with the National Weather Service whose theory also holds water.
Says the number of hurricane landfalls is linked to how wet the seasons may is.
And the month just ended had plenty of rain which means fewer storm is wrecking Florida.
All right.
Now good news.
Either way experts are residents to be ready.
Get that viscreen.
Get your duct tape.
Get your ducks in a row.
And land as last season proved when an unprecedented four hurricanes were in the state.
Anything is possible.
They say in other words they don't know crap.
But it would but about you know.
They're all doing that big song in advance.
The big shuffle.
56670560.
Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
How does that pull coming?
I don't even think about it because I'm all with them about the one for tomorrow.
What's the biggest rip off today?
We got four hundred and a thirty eight votes.
Gas prices one oh nine.
Medical insurance one oh two prescription drug prices a hundred.
Now what the company was it that I saw yesterday that they pulled all the drugs off the market.
And the FDA waited five days to tell the public.
Do you see that?
No.
The food and drug administration.
Those people all belong in jail.
Most of them on death rose a matter of fact.
As they continue to permit the poisoning the drugging the absolute rape of the American public.
But nevertheless prescription drugs a hundred.
Stating concessions forty two hospital treatment twenty seven.
Current insurance twenty four.
College tuition eighteen credit card companies ten taxes three pyramid schemes two.
That's what Dick Clark says.
Q.A.M. online auction one and paying the seat revenge of the Schmidt one.
Speed of Dick Clark we don't hear no more about him.
I'm going to start picking up the tabloids again.
Uh huh.
Find out how many strokes he's had since we had the last bullet in the bottle.
Doctor, the man.
We can only hope WQ.A.M.
Hello.
I don't know.
Okay sir.
What do you got?
I got the biggest rip off.
And it is George W. Bush.
He's ripping off this country.
You've fired it right in the middle of that call.
Wow.
Well, appropriate.
In fact, I hope it really was just just created an environment of a gloom and doom.
No doubt.
I got to like the candle.
The kind that just makes you feel like life isn't even worth living.
What's more cold inside of you and died.
WQ.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
That guy sort of had his thumb on it.
It's not George W. Bush, the biggest rip off the electoral process.
Or that's a toss up between that for stadiums for the brilliant airs.
So they could play baseball and another thing is that sighting of Michael Jackson and
Mark did.
He was there because he heard that the boys pan for half off or something.
Oh, man.
Oh, God.
Boys, pants were half off.
He just wanted to get there and finish the job, I guess, huh?
Well, this guy had done.
I've been here all written down on his wrist like in Momento, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, and I was going to ask about Monders.
This is my question.
If the one burnout since this studio was like all built at the same time,
and equipment's all been here the same length of time,
if that one burned out, yeah.
What about the other two that have got?
In other words, you see what I'm saying?
Right.
Well, no.
In other words, do they burn out because of the element of time that they've been operating
or with the DCS one burnout faster because it, in fact, it's got the bright colors on there,
the red and the green and the blue and have anything to do with it.
And then there's nothing to it like spam.
Okay.
Now, you have regular like the cathode ray tube monitors.
They're all your monitors, they're not flat screens, are they?
Cathode ray tube!
You know, the big boxy one, as opposed to the flat.
Man, that is correct.
Okay, yeah, those will die and there's no stop in it.
Just by being on, those tubes have a lifespan.
I see.
Like your TV has a lifespan.
No, no, when your TV starts to go on, it gets a little dark.
What about a TV?
Don't the dial in three years.
Two and a half years.
You leave it on continuously.
Well, this one will only get on for like four hours a day.
Right, well, there you go.
Yeah, there I go.
What?
How does that answer my question?
The monitors that you turn off will last longer than the monitor that you leave on.
Well, how about if I turn them off right now?
See ya.
Bye.
Oh, it's the center of it's where you told me before the show.
You're not understanding my question.
It's too late to, like Cornelius brothers and sister Rosetta, it's too late to turn back.
They have a lifespan.
They are already where they are now.
So my point being, for example, if you put in three light bulbs, 300 watt light bulbs in three different lamps on the same day, the odds are, and they all three of them would probably go out and approximately not exactly the same second or the same minute.
But roughly the same time period, right?
But I write or my full aircraft, you're right, assuming that they've all been left on, right, the same amount of time.
Correct, right.
They have hours of usage.
That's right.
And why and what about these things, the monitors, same thing?
Now, some monitors that you have might be better than others.
You know, unless they're...
They're all the same.
Okay, then they'll probably burn out relatively close to each other.
Oh my God.
Oh, no.
So I should probably replace all three of them, right?
Or at least have a spare on hand so that you can just switch it out as it goes.
Hey, that's a good idea.
This crappy dateck one I got here, this is fine for a spare.
There you go.
There you go.
There you go.
It definitely is not my idea of what I want to sit there and look at every day because it's like, it's concave, whatever you will buy.
It's a piece of crap.
A new monitor by two.
Hook the one up and keep the other one in the closet.
No, you're missing my point.
This one can be the spare.
Okay.
Hey, listen, you're spending my money pretty loose and fast there, mister, for a little punk like you that's making 50 cent an hour.
Better just slow it down a little bit.
All right.
A lot by three monitors.
What do you think?
I'm some kind of like a big shot here.
Yeah, a billion there.
If I have a good day, a woodbinder day, maybe I can afford to go out.
How much for a nice monitor?
How give me a park price?
Two hundred bucks for a dollar.
Two hundred bucks!
Three hundred for a better day.
Oh, three hundred.
Go ahead and get a flash screen.
Yeah, yeah, go get yourself a nice plaza with the freight hundred.
Nice big plaza.
My ass.
I'll get a hose.
Just a cube.
God, eight hundred bucks.
Are you out of your mind or what?
Ah, nice 30 in.
I'm out of the plaza.
Nice glass screen will be just fine.
Yeah, 200 bucks for maybe 200 bucks.
I could afford that.
In fact, so I gotta go out and win 600 bucks today.
No problem.
But it comes to sports.
We need to be out.
Sport.
What do you think of this?
We need to get...
Holy crap.
Holy and the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Come here!
I'm a man, I'm on my arm like a rabbit now he's not a locker-walk.
I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hauls.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are mad you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing shade and show a little glazed the next time I'm raking it.
I could go to his agent but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want to walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I'd buy a little beast, the fat little prince.
I get him a famous now we can't afford to eat.
The reason I dismissed that sneak and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play connoisse.
I'd come in and talk and open it and nobody talked when I ran.
I ran ten you talk.
Look at me I'm hit, hit, hit, I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong fatty man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready one I want, I don't care.
But believe me they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I get fired myself and even happens to the greens.
Westward one said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool life since good is in getters.
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jets.
Who's paradise?
Paradise and I just nobody's asked them paradise.
I'll be sure that I'm screwed because when I get the chance, the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
I'm under there take, healthy corn to plate.
And we just a little thoughts so what I love to stay.
I think that's funny one I know for sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want when the management loves me.
I tell you something more fuck you out of now.
For the longest time I want you to be my home.
You are my type pal, now I'm straight.
Now no.
Who? What do you do?
Don't take no finances.
What's it about me?
But it's not you.
Give me my life.
And I think things.
Who do you do?
Who?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
Who do you do?
I'm a 32, 28th student.
Haven't heard that in a long time.
Oh, too long.
So I'm going to go out and give me a...
See I don't know what you're talking about because I can always take these two that are still working and they can be my spares.
That's right.
That's correct.
Put them in the closet.
Sure.
The closet at least has got a lot of room in it.
I'm like a lot of others I can take up.
Pond to Gorda Florida, Pond to Gorda.
No charge will be filed against two teenagers whose fight with a school bus driver was caught on videotape and broadcast nationwide.
Worldwide.
I see it in over in Europe.
Step brothers Mark Ernest Dickinson, 15, and Coragine Hendershot, 13, had been arrested on felony assault on a school official.
A fight broke out May 17 between driver Albert Taylor and the boys.
When he told one of them to put his seat belt on and Dickinson cursed Taylor, her man's charged with Mr. Meanor battery.
And I'm going to say it again.
We want to go to bat for the bus driver.
Yeah.
The battery.
The bus driver.
More power to a man.
I kicked those kids ass.
Zap them.
That's who should have been a taser right there.
I said at every school bus driver I brought a taser gun on the bus.
Yeah.
They should have been a child.
That's a good idea.
Just fry their ass a little bit.
Don't have to kill them.
Just fry them a little bit.
Put a charge into them.
That'll change their altitude.
Charlotte County State Attorney Stephen B. Russell said in the statement that the boys are the case against the boys couldn't be proven.
After reviewing all the evidence, including the entire 15-minute videotape of the incident,
we cannot prove we out a reasonable doubt that either of the juveniles violated a criminal law,
Russell said in the statement, while the actions of the juveniles were disrespectful, rude and profane,
their behavior needs to be addressed by their parents in the school district.
Russell Kirschi, the boys' attorney said his clients are pleased that the State Attorney's Office
declined to pursue the case against the teenagers.
I'm going to say something right now.
It's a good thing for them that this happened before October 1st.
Do you know that?
That's right.
Yeah, because after October 1st, the bus driver, he ain't going to have a taser anymore.
He's going to have a laser.
Yeah, that's where a laser and a taser and a piece is what he's going to have.
Like a 357 magnum sound, maybe.
What is the call 45?
He's going to do shoot or drink.
What is it?
Check the fax machine.
I think we might have a...
Oh no!
Look at that.
My fax is working now.
See, first we got the monitor replaced in here.
Now we got the fax machine.
They'll phone line up and go on.
How do you like that?
All right.
Biggest rip off.
Flood insurance.
Okay, there's one for you to add.
Flood insurance.
Software licenses and time shares.
Three excellent choices which we thank you for so much.
Our fax machines working now.
I mean, not that the machine wasn't working on this end.
Right.
And by the way, it was a...
Mm, problem.
It was raw.
Mm, yeah.
What does that mean?
It wasn't inside the building.
Oh, ah!
Exactly.
Joe says, if you're going to buy a CRT by a ViewSonic,
a Sony, a Samsung, a Panasonic, and LG,
don't buy a ViewTron.
Oh, you know something?
Wait a minute.
Hang on a second.
All right.
Ah, I'm out of place.
Oh, you...
You're Sonic.
Yeah.
The ViewSonic is the sticker on the back of these things.
Is that ViewTron?
I don't know.
Oh, wait a minute.
See if you're going to buy one by a ViewSonic.
Well, that's what I got.
How do you like that, Joe?
They actually gave me some good stuff in here.
I mean, that's why it works most of the time.
It says, don't buy ViewTron.
They take...
Oh, oh, they take that's the cheap little piece of crap.
Oh, that's just a spare.
That's just an emergency one.
Compact or E-machines.
Or anything else that seems like a good deal.
It does matter what brand you get.
Not that your engineering staff would know a good monitor
from my life right, spend at least 200 bucks.
It's not like you're missing any meals.
Oh, our engineering department.
They would know they're asked for my elbow.
But they got nothing to do with this.
They're out of the loop on this.
See, I take care of my own studio here.
And if we do need an engineer, we get our friend from up here in Toronto,
not from down there.
Eric suggests a Sony or an EC.
An EC?
Okay.
Well, let me write that down right now.
Sony or an NSC?
An EC.
I mean, I know an EC.
Don't start with me, Mr.
Well, you know, you're dyslexia.
I know my electronic graph, NCE and whatever it is.
The boys could still face this vulnerability,
actually going back to the story from the school district.
But first, he said there's been no indication what school officials will do.
He said, now Taylor's attorney marked the system, said yesterday that Taylor
shouldn't be charging the crameter.
And of course, he happens to be.
Absolutely correct.
That is some right on it.
You bet.
He said Taylor 66 was acting in self-defense in the confrontation with the teenagers.
And should also be covered by state law that allowed school personnel to use hands on discipline.
And a matter of safety for other students unless it's excessive force or unusually cruel punishment.
I thought it was kind of like a little week, if you ask me, you could have beaten a snot out of.
Simple battery in itself is not excessive or cruel or unusual.
These sisters said there should not have been a charge.
I agree.
When Taylor told Hendershot to sit up front the boy refused,
the driver whom friends described as a kind and gentle man who had been under stress
since his house was destroyed by Hurricane Charlie, walked to the back of the bus,
Dickinson got in his way and cursed at him.
Taylor then slapped the concern in the face and grabbed his throat of a mishandle.
Dickinson has seen on the video pushing and punching the bus driver like a wild animal.
If convicted of the misdemeanor charge Taylor could face up to a year in prison, my ass!
He's on paid suspension from the Charlotte County School District.
We're going to take it all the way to the Supreme Court if they start messing with him, okay?
I mean, I don't know the guy or what, and they're saying he's a good guy.
He lost his house in a hurricane for crying out loud.
Cut him a little slack.
Where you jack?
What's wrong with you people out there?
Lunatics.
Just let him be, okay, and take these kids and just put them in the bottom of a pool for about two, three hours.
That should come down a little bit when they're there.
That works.
Put them in the bottom of a, and no wonder the kids are acting like animals because
even the boy scouts are liars. How do you like that?
And bigots.
An independent investigation of the Atlanta area boy scouts found that the organization inflated its number of black scouts.
And more than 5,000 in a program for inner city youth.
The executive director of the United Boy Scouts resigned after the report was released.
Auditor said Scout officials assigned to inner city areas may have felt pressured to demonstrate membership growth,
which is a part of their performance evaluations.
Membership numbers are also used to help determine funding from the United Way, a major Scouts donor.
Another reason I can't stand the United Way.
They can take their Kurds and weigh in, stick them both in a big cube.
The audit found that former Scouts, two older participants remained on the membership list,
and that boys who had only attended informational meetings about the program were signed up to.
In one example, an official changed the birth date of 87 Cub Scouts so they'd be older enough to participate in the program.
In another case, an official continued to report membership for a church boy scout unit,
although the church had burned down three years before her.
How do you like that?
The inflated number is also included 200 Scout units that didn't even exist.
Nice.
Operation first class was designed to increase participation by boys in the country's poorest areas,
and it provides the boys' books, uniforms, other opportunities, including scholarships for camp.
Joe Beasley, all regional director of the Rainbow Push Co.
was listening to him in October that the 13th County Boy Scouts Council was reporting twice as many black participants as actually were actively involved.
Georgia Boy Scout officials then commissioned a law firm to independently investigate the complaint.
I'm beginning to think that Georgia is the most racist state in the country, you know what?
Yeah.
I mean, people would say like North Carolina, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, I think Georgia is the most...
They're still doing the segregated senior proms there for Christ's sakes.
No wonder deliverance was so enjoyable as we got to see the real story of what goes on in entry and up the old Koho-Basi River and up the old shaft.
Twenty-two noon at 2am, but it comes...
Oh man, that's still what I'm concerned about. I'm whipped up a lot of American Idol. Let's bring it back. What do you say?
Come on, let's start all over again. Let's go back to square one.
Bow, fight.
And find out if William Hung or not.
Governor Boy Scouts, I don't want to say it.
Governor Boy Scouts will increase in regulation of abortion clinics. What a surprise, huh?
Nope.
Your friend asked Governor Jeb Bush, recited a bill yesterday, increasing state oversight of abortion clinics,
that provides second-time Mr. Abortion, saying he did so gladly with pride and conviction.
And when it comes to conviction, he and his smuggling wife and his wild-ass kids, they are, and he's not the mention of the daughter, they all ought to be convicted.
Without conviction, my ass, you fat ass idiot you.
Bush said the new law wasn't related to his anti-abortion views, but later added that he was motivated and parpised his desire to create a culture of life in our state.
Oh, brother, a life in Florida, talk about an oxymoron, a life in Florida.
You can't complain about the life in that state because, generally speaking,
oh, and there's a huge blob on the Arradar.
Yeah.
Greens and yellows and purples and short truths, and enough to make you one of Amos.
Man, it looks nasty out there. It's coming like up Monroe County and Broward and Dade and Palm Beach, all of these things.
I just mentioned that in passing. It gonna be a nasty, horrible day.
Here, on the other hand, it's sunny as all hell.
Oh, we had a whole bunch of houses fall down a mudslide in Laguna Beach, California.
Yeah.
Now, do you feel sorry for people at build houses like on the edge of cliffs or like in places where they have a house?
No, I was talking about it the other day. I remember being in California.
So, in 1702 right now, it's gonna be 177 today in Toronto. Go ahead, I'm sorry.
On the beach looking up at those really, really expensive houses up on the cliffs.
Yeah.
You know, with the supported by like a framework there, just teetering right there on the edge of the cliff.
Teetering, yeah.
I remember I was nine years old and I remember thinking, you know, those cliffs look like, you know, they collapsed only recently.
You know, you could see the exposed dirt and everything like that.
Uh-huh.
They can, huh, that's not a pretty smart place to build a house.
So anyway, a whole bunch of homes just slid down the old cliff.
Yeah, in Laguna Beach, California.
Right.
Three former Milton Academy students in Quincy, Mack, Quincy, Mass, charged with statutory rape after they had oral sex with a 15-year-old female student, struck a deal with prosecutors today that allows them to avoid prison time.
The deal caused for the three teens to serve two years of preacher-out probation after which the criminal charges will be drafted based the out of trouble.
Spokesman Kevin Bow said the three all 17 must also attend counseling perform a hundred hours of community service and right letter of apology to the girl.
They're also for for evident from having any contact with her.
The teens each read letters to the victim's family in Quincy District Court for the girl wasn't present.
The incident turned a public spotlight on the prestigious boarding school, the south of Boston.
A school investigation found that several hockey players received oral sex from the girl in a series of locker room incidents in January.
Two 16-year-old students were charged last month in juvenile court, the names were not released.
How do you like that?
Several hockey players received oral sex from the girl in a series of locker room incidents in January.
On Tuesday, prosecutors announced the statutory rape charges against Alex Cassiano, a Pemberpine's Florida.
Jade Riskel of Milton Mass and Pasco Scarrika of Beth Page New York.
They were going to have been arranged this morning in Quincy District Court but they reached the deal with prosecutors instead.
All five teens were expelled from Milton Academy, a school spokeswoman did not immediately return calls.
How do you like that?
Hockey players receiving oral sex?
Yes.
Grateful.
You get expelled for that now?
No, you let them congratulate you.
566-705-60, 0.560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
I'm just getting really, I'm just a little bit much, you know.
It's one thing if it's forced if it's, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
But when you're, uh, that whole Ready-Willingen Abel deal, 523 votes on the pool.
What's the biggest ripoff today?
Gas prices.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low bargain basement gas prices, especially during the summer holiday driving season and afford the July coming.
Thank you, Mr. President.
You sure you got your nose on it.
Gas prices, 136, medical insurance, 123, prescription drug prices, 111, stadium concessions, city, car insurance, 30,
hospital treatment, 29, credit card companies, 18, colors tuition, 18, pyramid skimms, skimms, skimms, 5, taxes for, QAM online auctions got appear.
How much you want to spend for them?
How paying the sea bar ends of the Schmidt to flood insurance one and timeshare is don't have any.
How many people do you think in the Saudis ever use a timeshare?
I don't know, several insurance.
You think maybe about 30, man?
I doubt it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, I don't think they really do that as much as they used to years ago.
I really wouldn't know.
I think Jimmy and Tammy Febaker probably cured a lot of people about deal.
Who's QAM?
Hello.
Hey Neoha, how are you doing today?
Pretty good, Pali.
What do you got?
I wanted to ask you something.
You know the law that's in place for the separation between church and the state.
Oh, law that's in place and we like the Constitution?
Yeah.
You got it.
Well, one thing I never understood, if you go into a corner room, why do they make you swear on the Bible and swear to God that you're going to tell the truth?
If there's a separation between the two, I don't understand that.
Because they're hypocrites because they're full of crap because they make exceptions where we're convenient from because they're more of a goody-to's Bible-thumping intolerant idiots.
That's why.
It must be.
I mean, can't they just ask you do you swear to tell the truth and that's it.
Upon yourself, not in front of God.
I mean, what if you're in a hurry and you're not in a hurry?
That would do.
If you're in atheism, you don't believe in God.
So how are you going to ask somebody to swear on to something that they don't believe?
You have a thought.
Don't confuse us with the fact now, so you're getting a little bit secured away.
By the way, Dan Weldon, who won the Indy 500, I just saw him there on the news.
He looks like a pretty interesting guy to me.
That's unusual because most of them race car drivers are like mugwamps.
Mostly that Tennessee looking crowd, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Fice, this guy wants like a logical answer.
You know, his question is fine, but the fact that a matter of risk, I quit making trouble.
They're going to do it the way they want to do it.
That little thing called the Constitution, separation of church and state.
Don't confuse these far-bison intolerant religionists with the facts,
with the law, any of these things, okay, sir?
All of these things.
That's right.
Look at this.
There's Ted Turner, began CNN June 1st, 1980.
They're making a big sound in Estonia.
Is there a 25th anniversary? Are we impressed?
Oh.
In fact, I just put a really good story on the website for tomorrow about what a pile of crap CNN has turned in due.
In the beginning, how they try to like, you know, a little bit go right down the middle of the line.
And now it's just a bug.
In fact, even back in the day when they started with a crossfire thing,
they had the far-bison right wingers like Papiukan and Novak and these guys.
And on the left, it was always like either some 100-year-old guy.
I can't think of the name of that guy. He used to be on there in the beginning.
The liberal guy.
He was about 110 years old.
He was about as weak as a jellyfish.
And then they had that Michael Tinsley.
And I would have glasses.
One of those real pansy-looking guys.
You're fairy.
And then of course James Carville, who's a literate basically,
thinks he's very funny in his system.
Just one of those guys who lasted his own material in Olaia.
Just obsessed with himself.
But then what do you expect from a guy that's married to Mary Magdalene?
Oh, speaking of really a great humor, they fed them well.
The Pakistani tribes in slaughtered a sheep in honor of their guests,
Arabs in Chinese Muslims, famished from fleeing U.S. bombings in the Afghan mountains.
But their hosts had up till ulterior motives to sell them to the Americans,
said the men who were now prisoners at Gitmo.
They sold them like slaves.
But he's ranged from three grand to $25,000.
The detainees testified during military tribunals according to transcripts
the US government gave the A&P to comply with the Freedom of Information lawsuit.
A former CIA intelligence officer who helped lead the search for Osama Yomama
told APD accounts out of the legitimate because US allies regularly got money to help catch Taliban al-Qaeda fighters.
Gary Shrohan said he took a suitcase of $3 million in cash in Afghanistan himself
to help supply and win over warlords to fight through esp. forces.
It wouldn't surprise me if we paid rewards at Shrohan who retired after 32 years in the CIA.
Soon after the fall of Kabul in late 2001, he recently published the book First Inn
and inciders account of how the CIA spearheaded the war on Tehran-Eth-Gannistan.
Shrohan said at Gann warlords like General Rashid Dostom were among those who received bundles of notes.
It may be that we were giving rewards to people like Dostom because his guys were capturing a lot of Taliban al-Qaeda.
He said Pakistan has handed hundreds of suspects to Americans but information minister Shik Rashid Ahmed told the AP
no one has taken any money.
We believe that? No.
No. How do you like that?
How about that?
There were some of them like slaves if you know.
But the U.S. doesn't do things like that.
We're doing that.
Yes.
The international leaders of much of Kami, Pinko, Bedwedding, or Fimbals.
That's all they are. That's right.
Trouble makers.
Un-American.
Un-patriot or whatever they are.
They suck.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Who I am?
Yeah, I want to talk to me up.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Great.
I want you to know something.
You belong on TV, man.
You're the police.
Not with this face.
Not with this face.
No, let me tell you something.
I drive every day.
The traffic is bad, but I listen to you and I don't care what happens, man.
You're the greatest.
I am.
And these people will call you directly to rally.
Exactly.
Hey, have a great day, Pali.
Hey, listen, nice to talk to you.
Go for it.
And say hi to Sally.
You got it.
She's fine, Greg.
I get the kick at medium style.
560.
560 on the horizon.
See if I were on TV, he couldn't listen to me on radio every day, so it's a good thing for my
own radio.
That's right.
Of course we had that whammy show.
That was a...
See, I don't want to be involved.
But anybody remembers that thing.
I was there.
I hope you don't.
I had nothing, no control over that.
That was part of the really good idea.
I kept on.
Don't put these stupid ass calls on you.
They're terrible.
Oh, no.
They don't want the calls on you.
That madty lush one, boy.
Yeah, madty lush one, what a piece of turd man.
I hope somebody poisoned his home in caution on Purim.
You know what?
I hope just like they did with the canoleum, Godfather 3, with what was his name?
Eli Walla.
What was his character, Don Johnson?
What was his name?
Don of Doxus.
Don of Febelo.
Oh, yeah, is that it?
Wow.
Yeah, that's what it means to add in.
You're messing with the next word here now.
An expert pervera, you could mean what's that in?
Your mama.
Put that movie out.
You can't out the bellow man.
And then he says to Connie, here you tasted.
You're so skinny and she like, I can't even describe what you did.
When comes to me?
I think I know.
I think it's personal.
I'm going to watch the movie.
It's a movie.
It's a sports video.
560.
QA.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Oh, I heard the door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
I just want you to enjoy.
You will see me.
Oh, yeah, the way you do it.
Hey, they don't know me.
But you can't even enjoy.
They're trying to know I.
Oh, no.
The door is just a door to door to door.
They don't know me.
I think you'll see where they're going to.
When you go down the door, it's a lot.
And it's better than that.
That's what they did.
The driving was so great.
There was a man in the door.
The door was just a door to door.
I think I'll be the same.
I think I'll be my mom.
I think I know.
I think I'll be the same.
I think I'll be the same.
Please, please, please!
I'm the doctor.
I think the doctor's in the doctor's a little.
Maybe someone will say.
Say, God, I think we are a doctor.
We are a doctor.
I love the door!
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
I love the way they both do it, you know what?
And that's because they're both Jewish.
I mean, they're not going to enjoy, but them Jew boys.
Here's a fact that says Crossfire from the left, Tom Raiden, that's the guy that crossed
the old part.
Remember Tom Raiden probably not.
Look, at least over, not a week over 100.
Treated him like crap, it says.
Spired him for a kindle, was smart, but not good on TV to say the very best.
Thank you.
Here, this bag's here.
This may be the best bag we've ever gotten.
It's pretty good.
It's cute.
It says, actually, somebody took the time to type this on here to make it look almost
over.
From the desk of Steve Kane, self-order, highly-weighted talk show host, as well as a leading
collector and authority of serial killer fine art, baseball card, plastic surgery, and
the adopting of Negro children.
It says, please add Burton Jackson to your list of great businesses that have closed.
I did put that on here on my effort tomorrow, okay?
And it also says, enjoy the coming Jewish and Christian and Christian holidays.
Oh God.
Man, oh man, talk about going off to defense.
Even June Allison should sit here when she thinks about Mr. Ego.
Bad news.
The widow of a Lake Worth Middle School teacher who was shot to death by student Nathaniel
Brazil lost an appeal squad fight today that was an effort to hold a gun distributor libel
for distributing a defective product because guns naturally are the American Joyce and
weight and will ever Joyce and forget it.
Attorneys for Pan Bruno, the widow of Murdered Lake Worth Middle School teacher Barry
Bruno, argued that the murder weapon was nothing but a cheap, poorly manufactured handgun
designed solely to be used for crime.
A return he's asked the fourth district court of appeals in West Palm Beach to reinstate
a jury's decision that the guns distributor sunrise-based valor corp should pay Bruno
and her two children 1.2 million dollars in damages.
Palm Beach Circuit Judge George La Barga throughout the November 2002 verdict ruling that
valor could not be negligent under state law because jurors did not find the gun was
a defective product.
The appeals court ruled what?
It's quite exactly what it was supposed to do.
Yeah, kill somebody.
The appeals court ruled that there was no liability on the part of valor for distributing
a gun that worked as it should.
Radio Bruno's attorneys argued a trial in before the appeals court that the Raven 25
caliber semi-automatic use by Brazil was a crime gun.
Valos attorneys argue that the Raven is a legitimate weapon, often used for self-defense
and bipolar officers as a backup gun and not any different than more expensive handguns.
Valos attorneys also argue that Brazil was the person responsible for very Bruno's death.
The 13-year-old student Brazil stole a gun from his grandpa and used it to shoot Bruno
after being sent home from school in May 2000.
Brazil was convicted of a second degree murder since the 20 years in prison, which isn't
nearly enough, not even close to long enough.
The fact that he might actually get out someday is enough to really send shows up and down
your spine.
And by the way, how's Lionel Tape doing now speaking of guns?
Yeah, that pizza wouldn't have had anchovies on it.
Maybe everything would have been okay, you know?
I hate it.
I hate it when it happens.
It was sitting there with the cops showed up eating the pizza.
Right.
Well, I mean, why are you going to order it if you're not going to eat it?
What's wrong with you, mister?
You eat it on the run, though.
Although I'd take everybody couldn't and they could have sent it over to the ballpark
for Josh.
He could have.
Right?
He could have had anchovies.
No, no, anchovies, please.
Are there really people who like anchovies?
You know, I thought it was a myth and then I met some.
Ooh, I've never met anyone.
I don't know.
I can't even begin to imagine.
Of course, keep in mind there's a lot of people like Suchi.
So not even in the same ballpark.
Why not?
And at least anchovies don't look like they might still be alive.
They're not like looking back at you.
Oh, they do look like they're alive.
Anchovies?
Yeah, they look like slugs.
Ooh, yeah, slugs that.
Oh, yeah, slugs are disgusting.
Slugs.
We had a few slugs in that sales department.
566 LX Skippy, for example, 56670560,
Tom 560 and the Verizon Singular Rottles on the biggest rip off today,
or maybe a few for our list.
Tomorrow we got all kinds of crap going on today.
We got a heavy plate.
You know what I'm talking about?
A heavy duty loaded.
Heavy plate.
I got to go out and buy me some monitors now.
Yeah, about 30.
I know me a good idea.
I'm turning now.
I always have one.
So you're telling me now, now in hindsight,
but not when I get to new ones, I'm going to be turning them off religiously.
Okay.
No, it's seriously.
In other words, at two o'clock I'm turning them on and off.
Unless the later on when I'm doing a little work on the internet,
I might need to turn that one on.
And then when I'm done, just shut it off.
How much difference would that?
I guess that's a stupid question, huh?
It's like asking the difference between leaving your TV on,
or shutting it off on you, then I'm watching it.
It's exactly.
Although I have a back-end of day, and of course this is the oldfangled TVs,
but back in the day they used to say it would take more out of your test cube,
your test cube to what turned the set on and off and just leave it on.
People say all kinds of crazy things.
Well, that's the things to say back in the day when they were kicking an old style.
Huh?
Yeah, they say all kinds of things like that.
You don't believe that.
No.
In other words, that's surge.
I mean, it's entirely possible, but in other words, that...
Well, why don't you call Milo up and find out what's going on about that?
I'll knock it into the box.
Milo Hamilton.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
I just want to comment on the...
Now, Adam, we just talked about with the gun manufacturer, LeanSood.
Yeah.
If that's the proposal, if that's the teacher with a knife,
would the widow have sued the knife manufacturer because it performed at the theater?
I'll tell you one thing if she'd have gotten it from Ron Poteel.
She'd have sued his ass.
That's right.
You said it nice.
Life said he's got for like 50 easy payments of $30,000, $99,000.
You see that?
Oh, that'll slide right through you.
Right.
But I can't...
I can't use you at the one that's the crime knife.
That's my favorite.
It says right on it.
This is a crime knife.
Yeah.
You know, if you can still buy a knife...
It's a slice of indices.
You can be killed by a hammer or knife.
I mean, I think gunmen factors are sometimes...
I'll tell you one thing, man.
I'll tell you one thing.
If I had a hammer.
If I had the hammer.
I would see what we said.
I'm a homo.
That was fun.
Handguns, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Go on by a whole bunch of them.
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International White Public Association.
In fact, I can't wait until Ron Poteel gets his own set of you.
The knife set is a good start.
All right.
But when we get to Ron Colgonson...
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Now, we probably won't even be successful.
And that's pretty damn depressing.
But, as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi.
I'm Jim, and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scared the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for fear?
All the convenience store.
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it.
It's all free of you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution of life's complex problem.
What I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner.
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing up the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative.
The working problem's out.
It'd be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make you fangs.
Exactly.
And starting October 1, don't even think about it.
If somebody gives you a little bit of a hard time, just...
You're a threat.
You thought that they represented a threat to your safety and your well-being, and that they might actually do something bad.
You like to give you a hang nail.
Just hold that crap away.
Don't take a chance.
That's right.
No, it's a trust to many people.
That's one thing I've learned all these hundred years I've been around.
Just don't trust too many people, especially in this business.
They look at you like a little bit kind of cross-eyed, a little kind of funny, like maybe a little on the shady side.
Just like that.
They're winning like five blocks and you're at the ATM out there starting October 1 and floor it up.
Just throw that crap away and in that way every wall of rest of us can be safe to and we thank you in advance.
Remember the NRA motto?
Better to be judged by 12 than carried by six.
I thought the motto was went and doubt.
Take them out.
I'll have to do it.
Oh.
Just feel less, fans.
Now with no colors.
And I'm just feeling as if it's me being here.
And if it's me it's me and all.
Oh.
Just feel less, fans.
And I'm just feeling as if it's me being here.
Probably 18 and 560 W.
I'll tell you one thing I'd much rather find out who killed JFK as opposed to like who was deepthro.
Wouldn't you?
Oh yeah.
Who gives a crap about who was deepthro.
Other than that if they wouldn't have found out it was Mark Troll.
We wouldn't have seen his grandson on TV and all those shots and making all these speeches, right?
So opposed to Shory like I said, I'm very concerned about deepthro.
And Lindelovlaes and Harry Reams.
Does he?
I mean.
Yeah, did.
Harry was the oppa boy.
If anybody ever had the appropriate name.
In fact, he actually spelled it I think, H-A-I-R-Y.
He said, Harry Reams.
Boy, he was very disgusting.
He made Ron Jeremy look like an old smoothie.
Now maybe that's what Ron Jeremy's problem is.
He's eating too many of them smoothies, huh?
God.
He is just a cow.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that day.
No, neither.
When he said, right across from me, I could have reached out and just smack him in the face.
Man, and then he took it.
He just, I thought he was joking.
He was serious.
He was offended by the fact that I called him grotesque and fat and Harry.
I mean, you know, yeah.
Which one of those three was inaccurate?
I don't know.
Maybe you thought grotesque was a little strong.
Oh.
Okay, let me say it again.
Fat, Harry, grotesque.
Double-jointed.
Yes.
Speaking of people that we raised 14 eyebrows thinking about that fat ass governor, you know,
Mr. Feetus, Hunder, Embryo, Hunder, Florida governor, Jeff Bush will be awfully good in the job
of President, but the timing isn't right.
His father and former president George Herbert Walker, fascia's Bush told CNN last night.
Asked if he'd want you to run Bush said, oh, something I would.
Yes.
Bush was president from 89 to 93 appeared on Larry King Live with former First Lady Barbara,
who doesn't want to mess up her beautiful mind with all his statistics about the dead American
troops in Iraq.
From the family camp on a Kenny Bunkport main, underlined a bunk part.
Jeff Bush is well, you know, but I mean, but his brother George ends his second presidential
term in 2008.
He's off.
He'd be awfully good.
The other boy said, this guy smart, big and strong.
Makes the decisions.
And, you know, not without controversy, but he's led that state.
Yeah, let him write into the toilet.
That's where he's led Florida.
He's got all these devious plans to subvert to a little public, whether it's class size,
whether it's a slot machine.
No matter what it is, you hold on to bullet train.
You want it.
You ain't going to get it because your Fed asked governor is the Nazi chief of Florida.
Make no mistake about it.
Yeah, that's scary.
Well, there's Mark 12 again.
There's his grandson in the back smiling at the confidentiality had been broken.
No, our decision was based on what the family had clearly decided to do and the family.
Well, there's Leonard Downey.
He's the executive editor of the marginal Washington Post.
56670560, pound 560.
We had a lot of good calls here today.
Have we?
We've had some actual people with a little bit of something in the couple, right?
In fact, I wanted just about peed my pants and it wasn't that good though because I forgot
what it was, but it was pretty good.
It was all right.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
Come with me.
I'm really happy for you.
Okay.
Find yourself alive.
I have no life.
Find yourself a sheep would be good.
All of the animal cruelty people probably get really upset about that.
We don't want to get the peed of people pissed off now that we know that Linda Blair is
one of them.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Can I add one to the poll?
Yes, sir.
Real estate.
No, you can say that all right.
What's going on now?
What is this all about?
I mean, I'll give you a perfect example.
Talk to that George.
Before I actually have my psych nurse here in Miami.
I'm a college graduate.
My wife is a college graduate.
We make very good money and we can't afford anything down here unless we want to live in
Liberty City or little Haiti.
Everything is basically like 400,000 or more.
That's for like a three bedroom, two bathroom, single family home.
Right.
It's ridiculous.
Crazy.
Wait, wait until the bubble to burst man.
I'll give it to you.
That's what we're waiting for.
Good luck, Neil.
Thanks.
See you.
Yes, crazy course.
Those of us who own property and sell for it are pretty happy about that.
I'll say my house for like two million.
How's that?
Now the guy is absolutely correct.
He is.
And sanity.
5670560.
And of course, tomorrow's thing.
I'm just whipped up to a frenzy.
I know we've done it before.
We've done a restaurant separately.
We did businesses separate.
But I think that, you know, favorite self-floor to business that no one really could be
a restaurant, could be a department store, could be like a shoe shine stand, could be
anything.
Right?
Right.
And of course, this goes back.
I mean, this is like how about the Playboy Club?
I don't even remember that.
We had one.
Well, the Playboy Club originally was on the beach on Collins Avenue.
And then the Playboy Club was once a part of time on Biscayne, right across from the
Pussycat Theatre.
Okay.
So, you know, I can bis-game.
Playboy Club.
I was at the Playboy Club once with the idiots from IOD with Jim Gallant and bunch of
real morons.
Oh, Bernie Barbara.
Bernie Barbara.
I have never seen a man in, I feel like such a moron as Jim Gallant.
You don't know who that is.
It was a, they brought him in for about five minutes from Kansas City.
The general manager, his name was Jim Abernathy.
I believe in a program director was Jim Gallant.
Yeah, Gallant.
Oh, my God, what a moron.
But anyway.
And then they took me to the Playboy Club.
I guess I wanted to see my reaction, whether I got like a rouse or something.
I don't know what that is.
They didn't hire me.
5670560, pound 5660 and they've arrived in Singular by this line.
WNQAM, hello.
The general manager is WNQAM.
Jim Gallant line.
Not there.
Maybe that was Jim Gallant, you think so?
Yep.
Maybe it was Bill Vines.
WNQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So, the whole question is, what's the biggest ripoff, right?
Yes.
My cable bill, man.
What a killer.
We aren't going to discuss that.
No.
An excellent value.
You better get with it, Mr.
You better kiss your set right now.
Okay.
Kiss the phone, kiss you set and kiss my, go, ask.
5670560, now let's see which one of the sales people was that?
From which point?
Oh, no.
Now, look at that.
A fatal exception has just occurred in my, there's just some strange stuff going on
today.
You know what?
Must be the weather.
Well, weather, the sun is shining.
It's beautiful here.
Oh, but it's raining here.
So, it's affecting you.
It's a press any key to continue and I press the key and nothing's happening.
What does that mean?
It's broken.
I don't know.
It says the current application will be terminated.
I better like to do something like restart.
Oh, geez.
See, the monitor works is now that's what's on it that says screwed up.
It's just one of those days.
Maybe because it's the first of June.
Okay, we're just not in tune.
That was the, we're out of sync.
Oh, it's the white 2K thing catching up with us.
That must be it.
Dominic QYM, hello.
I have to agree with that.
Okay, good.
Dominic QYM, hello.
I'm a Walmart.
Dominic QYM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I remember the paper club was on the June road also.
And by the way, my favorite photo business that is no longer here, the Florida Panthers,
baby.
Oh.
Yeah.
We love those panthers.
Over here now, I just restarted my computer.
I rebooted it.
What do you think about it?
I think it'll work.
I think it'll be just fine.
There's some strange stuff going on there.
You had that problem with a fax machine.
I had my monitor died.
Just died on me out of nowhere.
An interesting part of it is I was in here working last night.
I put a bunch of stuff in there.
And this morning it just died.
Isn't it?
Wasn't that lucky?
Wasn't they for two of this stuff thing?
I chose to come in here and stuff all of that crap in there last night as opposed
to waiting till today.
Although I have, there's nothing wrong with this one that's sitting here.
This, uh, they tech, right?
Chinsy and crappy and old.
But I just leave it sitting there.
In fact, wait till the next time it goes out.
Then I'll say, oh, guess what?
I can't do the show today, George, because my, all my stuff went out.
So, get's going to work?
Yeah.
Oh.
Holy Makinon.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority, Neil God.
Now that American Idol is over, get ready for Animal Idol.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
That was weird.
That is slightly disturbing.
Dog.
You sang like a dog, dog.
You did your dog.
Yeah.
Oh, I got it.
I bet you could, you could commit to Fog very well.
So you could, you have that kind of like nasal tone.
Yeah.
That was a reward.
It was just a complete voice.
It's tones.
Oh.
Animal Idol.
Animal Idol.
Child.
Child.
Child.
Child.
I'm going to reach out with a hook in a moment.
Yeah.
Nice plug.
Very nice.
Animal Idol.
I'm caught.
Can't wait.
1232 and 56, you know what I mean?
I got the mole my shirt.
Dog.
That's two.
My dog is four and I'm Marlin's still six thirty.
Better win a game tonight would be a good idea when you think Josh did like win one.
Yes.
If we lost, you know, we lost a piss for every time last year and the two times so far this year.
Do it great.
Every time.
Yeah.
Can you never want a single game against the pirates last year?
No, we can't beat the pirates.
The pirates suck.
Well, we can't beat them for some reason.
The pirates are like a little girl.
She never reminds me of when you still have all those problems with the Montreal X-Pos.
Remember that was that last season?
Or the year before they had all those trouble breeding the X-Pos.
It just lose and lose.
I mean, the X-Pos were horrible but the only thing that could be would be the Marlins.
Well, whatever.
So we're just going to cross our fingers and our legs and pray for a Marlin win tonight.
Or whatever.
Rick says, he says your brought back memories when you mentioned the Playboy Club, the final
incarnation of it in Miami was next to the airport.
My uncle was a dishwasher there.
Well, gee, can we loan the borrow a few bucks?
I'm turning back.
Come here, Uncle.
How do you like that?
The final incarnation was there.
Yeah, it used to be on Collins Avenue.
In fact, that was back in the mid-50s back when Gleason was doing a show for Miami Beach.
Back in the salad days of the beach.
Before you were born.
Right.
Well, just about.
Yeah, that's true before you were born.
And then I moved over there on Biscayne in 79th and then it was all up by the airport where
this guy's uncle used to be a dishwasher.
How about that?
Let's see.
The biggest ripoff is it says, Louis in Chant and who gets in a city or in the law, I'm sorry,
I was saying, the law irides with the...
Right.
He also says...
I'm dying on the hand.
Water.
Now, is he talking about water bottle water, I guess, huh?
I guess.
Not water out of the tap.
Wait, so you're going to say that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's a good idea.
How come it's so damn expensive for bottle water especially when they like the stuff that
was thick plastic containers in it with jugs?
Sure.
I mean, a lot of guys like jugs, but not that kind.
Believe you mean, that's just water out of a tap somewhere.
Or then they have those machines where they dispense the water to.
And it's so tough to attach somewhere, are you idiots?
What do you do in buying water out of a tap?
You morons you.
Well, you know.
I always say, if somebody is dumb enough to buy whatever your petal in a more power to you,
look at this show for example.
5670560, look at those sports shows on this station.
Wow, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular Rounds lines.
We got that big trend coming tomorrow.
We got some numbers.
You know what I'm going to do.
Let's read it for whatever we got tomorrow.
We got the Lawrence of Elk.
We got a trend.
I just, I don't know.
Maybe I'm just getting old.
Maybe just a whole thing with these.
See, back in the day, this may come as a shock to you, but once upon a time.
In fact, I think also what I would do, we didn't do trends every month.
Did we in the beginning?
I don't recall.
There was never any such thing as a monthly trend.
The waiting book would come out quarterly once every three months.
And that would be it.
Fanitilaf, fanitilou, whatever it is.
And that's all there was.
But now it is a monthly trend.
And we have to wait them because we didn't have enough inbred trailer trash this month.
And therefore we got to wait it for the country kiss and kiss, country and kiss my ass.
Whatever, you know.
It's all a polygraph.
It's all just a craft shoot.
WQA and hello.
WQA and Ola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Listen, the last week you were doing things on movies and famous things and all that stuff.
In the outlaw of Josie Wales, there's a time where he's being pursued by a guy who's a right-wing fanatic.
Many, once we catch Josie Wales, we'll go get the rest of the bad guys.
And the other guy says, Josie's the last one.
There aren't any other bad guys.
And the guy says there's no end.
Right.
That's one of the best lines of movies.
There's no end.
Why?
There's no end to doing right.
Oh.
To doing the right thing.
Uh-huh.
And anytime you get a salad on the move, watch out.
They're going to keep doing things.
Right.
Until hell freezes over.
That's what our president says.
That's his motto.
Yep.
He's coming after you one way or the other.
Right. Well, I'll have to cross the border for a, okay.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Thanks.
Hang in there.
Speaking of lines from movies.
I don't care how many day go, getting you what, grease ball, gum bars come out of the woodware.
Exactly.
Even if it's not third man.
And if it's that many.
Oh, I'm speaking on numbers.
Guess who, uh, who's voting today?
Who's voting?
I'll still believe the Dutch.
All right.
They're voting on a Europe, uh, EU charter.
EU.
And that's what the French said to it. EU.
And they say, no, thank you.
Probably we get lost.
And the Dutch are going to say the same thing.
In fact, the opinion polls are predicting a nay vote.
Nay.
See if our horses said nay, right?
Nay.
Well, that's also saying nay.
Just about everybody else says no or nine, nay.
In fact, the Germans, they say, uh, yeah.
But in, uh, Dutch, it's nay is how you say no.
I wonder how you say yes.
Yeah.
I guess.
Yeah.
Or yeah.
It's the old, the Dutchman.
And with a particular, uh, a nay voter, nearly 60% indicating a large gap between the voters and their political leaders.
I don't see the added value of having a constitution set and that meets a law student.
And the changes are coming so fast.
Half the time I cannot understand them.
Herman Teen Willink.
His name is T-J-E-E-N.
I love those silent jays in the Dutch.
I don't know why, but it is like the buy-in corp, the big department store.
It's B-J-I, whatever.
Herman Teen Willink, a senior government official set up politicians had underestimated the time and effort it would require to explain the Constitution.
That he said produced a pressure cooker campaign and guess what?
It didn't work.
That view was shared by Lawrence Jan Brinker, the Dutch economy minister, the non-debated of the past 20 years cannot be overcome in three weeks he said.
Those opposing the Constitution are scattered across the political spectrum.
They view sound by swanning against the European super-state or the future membership of a country like Turkey, with its large population would be politically outweigh the Netherlands.
Supporters on their other hand have been struggling to evade complex issues, often-requited bureaucratic jargon.
But you know what? They can take their bureaucratic jargon and show where the mundoen shine.
It's not bad enough that Amsterdam is just a shadow of what it used to be, but they try to kill a whole thing there.
They're trying to do it.
Only the Germans know how to do it, believe you me.
How to kill?
Now, come on now.
You've never been any of these places. What thought you know about it?
You love Germany. I'll tell you right now. You love for a colon. You love Berlin.
Right? Go to the food, the restaurants, the hotels, the people, the ambiance, the nice new shiny buildings because they had to rebuild it after somebody bloomed a bit and WDW2.
You'd be amazed at all these things. Germany's a safe fine place today.
All right. Of course, you know, there's always a few skinheads running around, but now that I'm one of them, you see the thing I'm one of them now.
That's right. They have days.
Always a good idea to be a skinhead.
See, I'm like, I'm a stylist for the times from years up.
You're kicking it new style. I'm kicking it new style from the ears up. I'm a stylist for the times.
Being a skinhead is in today. Just ask, I'll present it.
56670560, pound 560 into Verizon's Singular wireless line.
I'm not sure if we're doing today's pull or tomorrow's pull or whatever.
That's a good idea. Maybe we'll do like about 20 of them on the same day. There you go. Keep them guessing.
That's a good question to ask. How many pulls have you ever done on the same day?
When it comes to spot, third man, we're using our pull.
Sports radio 560, chin wave.
Ben standing in line for the past 147 days.
I live with my mom. Star Wars, revenge of the fish.
It's really awesome. And their star spader, Kee3PO-ish in it as well.
The last star to do this is going to be like Sabers and even Alligonex,
which has been dead for many many years. And their special effects. Oh, yes.
George Sucke is going to make $942 trillion and 27 cents.
And the guy who is in line ahead of me.
It's a 1243-17-01. Wait a year of this story. It's from Bukhilia.
Okay. Do you hear Bukhilia? No.
Well, don't go there because they might Bukhilia? Kee3PO.
I never heard of this. It's, well, I won't get to where it is at the end of the story.
A woman who bought a lot of reticent at the urging of her dying father,
went almost a million dollars the day he passed away. How do you like that?
Oh, right.
Huh. Your land of Williams won the $979,440 price after a father, Frank Ruppa,
set her from his hospital room May 24th to go to a convenience store to buy ticket.
The two had always bought a lot of reticents together.
My father gave this to me, said Williams 50, a retired custodian,
for the San James City post office in Lee County on the Gulf Coast.
It's a blessing and a gift. Bukhilia, B-O-K-E-E-L-I-A, Bukhilia.
Williams turned into a mega money ticket,
buried the numbers 18, 21, 34, 43, and the mega ball 20.
It's a lottery official's on Tuesday in Tallahassee.
She took her winnings in a one-time lump sum rather than $1.3 million spread over 20 years,
which once again goes to Shoya to give up almost 400 grand.
The tremendous ripoff that is the Florida lottery.
Ripoff, 400 grand, almost 400 grand, she had to give up because
there are yankin' tax money out of your gambling winnings.
Shameful. It is scrace.
It is totally unacceptable to what it is.
Can you believe that? I believe it.
Williams said she took care of her job of carrying for her alien father six years ago.
Williams and Repa 79 played the Florida lottery almost every day.
Sometimes they'd spend a dollar, sometimes ten bucks on a game.
I shop all over for tickets. Williams said I'm a gambler and he's a gambler.
If we had a hundred bucks in our pocket, we'd buy a hundred tickets, scratch off the lottery's whatever.
Williams said her husband Sherman, a disabled commercial fisherman, had five children, five grandchildren.
Neighbor Tom DeSantis 37 said the family is struggling in the five years he's known them.
Sherman, isn't he the dog in the, what's that, Rocky and Bullwinkle?
Sherman's the kid.
What was the dog? Mr. Peabody.
Mr. Peabody, I'm so sorry. Mr. Peabody, I'm so sorry.
They always had it hard, she said. You can do what you can to get it.
You do what you can to get by. I always had it hard. No comment.
Now Williams and her husband are considering buying 140 acres in North Florida and paying off some more of her father's bills or the winnings.
This gave my father, dignity at his funeral, Williams said, may my father rest in peace.
Vokilya is located at the north end of Pine Island in the Gulf of Mexico just west of Cape Coral.
See, there's a little geography lesson for you. What a freaking educational show and a price is right, too, huh?
No, no, no, no.
1.3 million, she gets 900 and some out of 1000. It is totally unacceptable as what it is.
It's a scam, it's a rip off. And this is the same fat ass government that says, oh, well, we'll take our time with that, the slot machine thing because I don't like gambling.
This is the champion of the state lottery, which is probably the biggest rip off going, that should be on our poll today.
The Florida lottery. You don't think? Sure.
A huge rip off. Well, we're going to buy you an annuity and if you have to be 2000, maybe you'll get like a half out of money we're pretending we're going to give you.
You win a lot over here like that time I had to five out of six and one almost 1600 bucks and you take the ticket to the whatever they call it to the old whatever it is.
OLGC. I'm Terry or lot of gaming commission. They got headquarters right downtown. You hop on whatever cab and you get over there and you hand in the ticket, you show them an ID and buy a thing.
You sit down for a minute, they sit there for two minutes, they hand you a check, a certified check, no deduction, no taxes, no nothing.
And that's the way it should be. That should be the American Joyce and way, but not, not in Florida because your governor is a fake or is what he is.
And the worst part of it is you people like him. What is it about him that they like so much? Can anybody please tell me that?
I don't know. He's being thoughtty. You're not all thinking about what's not to like. He's just the opposite. What's to like?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. We're sorry to confuse you with two polls today. Aren't we? No. I like it. Well, we're not really getting a lot of them for tomorrow. They're saving up.
But there's so many places, you know, the great places all along gone. WQA M. Hello. Hello. I pick a low on South Beach. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm finally getting hold of Neil Ratz.
He wanted to know something about Linda Lovelaise. He wanted to know something about Linda Lovelaise. That's what he said on the show. When I'm.
I don't think he said that at all. I said he said get lost. What was that? That sounded like you fair. Some kind of a streamer. Did that sound like it sounded like something? Something really unusual.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQA M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You were talking about Neil Diamond earlier. He is a stand-away. I hate Neil Diamond. He had the two Jewishers. A movie that he made called the jazz singer. Oh, that's right. I you're absolutely correct. That's right. He was running around with a schmuck on his head. That's right. It tells his whole life story. I hope his helmet touch and turn to a poison.
John. 5 6 7 0 5 now and that was one of the most interesting moments in the history of the show. I dumped it anyway. Just had a sprites a hill. But so there. It sounded like a retard. Didn't you? And you were right. We knew that. Yeah. A retard about the road. I have no right. Yeah. You're pathetic. You really are. So anyway, what he said. I I didn't dump it for that reason, but because he's one of the Acronis, is that Neil Diamond?
It is Jewish. He played in the movie. The jazz singer. Uh-huh. Anyways, we're running around with a schmuck to on with a Yarmulka. Would a Kapaa. What are we going to call it? 5 6 7 0 5 6. That was very revealing. Wasn't a very revelatory. Yeah. At least it was to me. I'm sure that you probably took some notes on it. WQA M. Hello. I'm a tomorrow in the beach. Yeah. You're very. The Marlon Beach. Gay home.
I would tell on for a lot of the beach. There used to be several of those once upon a time. I remember with the other ones where I'm sure that she would.
WQA M. Hello. Why is George so. WQA M. Hello. Now. Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on? How you doing, Pally? I listen to two of the biggest rip offs in South Florida.
Are the Florida term bike tolls. Turmpite tolls, okay? Turmpite tolls. Yeah, that goes $200,000 deposit and collect 25 cents. Right. Okay. An attack agency which I just left. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I know. I heard. Okay.
I'm looking for your post tomorrow. What about what about one ranch house? Was your all time favorite place in South Florida? Was the ranch house? No, but I you're talking about it here. Hey, the question is what's your favorite South Florida business?
If the ranch house was your favorite man, your taste is in your touch and it's too bad that you didn't have to stand online at the attack agency for another five hours. The ranch house, my ass. I mean, I mean, we've talked about the ranch house in the past about places that are no longer around, right? Right. The ranch house. In fact, there was also a ranch house right there by the Playboard Club on the buskin in the 79. There was all kinds of stuff in that hood once upon a time. Prince Hamlet and juniors, all of these things in a Playboard Club, all of this stuff.
Juniors, I was supposed to be sensational. Now, and let me ask you this. How about pump or nicks? What about it? They're all gone. I reckon. Compronix. I'm just preparing for tomorrow's poll. What about wolfies is the last wolf? It is no more wolfies, right? Where's the wolfies in Hollywood still there? You would know that. Well, I believe it doesn't make any difference because it's not the same. Right. Wolfies. Very sad. Just the floor show. What about the
lone wolfies with earthly oppressive emission, watching those wakers as screaming and yelling and tearing off the
apron. I'm out of this place. It's a crazy house. You ever eat a wolfies? No, but we can see that scene here almost every day.
Where is that here here in the building? Oh, in the building. Well, that's another story. That's another whole deal. Somebody QAM. Hello.
Yes, sir. I'm sure you read the story, but you heard about that kid in Colorado with a Army Recruiting
scandal. The Army Recruiting scandal, no. Oh, you didn't you read about that? Did not know.
If you, I mean if you google it up, just look up Colorado Army high school recruiting scandal.
Basically what a kid did is he's a high schooler at work for his newspaper. It's his favorite.
And he wanted to see how easy it is to get into the Army through recruiting agency. Basically,
he called the recruiting agency. Told them that he didn't have a high school to pull him on what
he did. Obviously, that's cool. That he, he basically talked to recruiters. Recruited all the
forged fake diploma, what she did. Then a kid says, I don't have a drug, I have a drug problem.
I smoke weed. They got the recruiter says no problem. I'll take you personally to buy a detox.
So the recruiter actually goes and buys them a detox. Notice that CBS 4, I guess over there in Colorado,
has this on on video. And everything is recorded. I mean, if you're just looking up on a website,
you'll find it immediately. It's in Colorado high school recruiting scandal. But I mean,
it's just incredible how the government is putting so much time into sports and drugs and steroids.
When, when their own army recruiters are recruiting fake, I mean fake kids.
Yeah, I'm ready to make sure. Well, we're so desperate now that they'll take anybody.
Yeah, but I mean, it'll be really good if you can read that on the air or even put it on your website.
Because I just, I mean, I saw it on CNN a couple days ago. And I just couldn't believe it. That this kid
pretty much just framed entire army just by, you know, saying the fake student with a fake diploma with
everything and he got into the army. You're not telling me. I'll tell Google it. No problem.
Thanks Google it. We're just pleased. Okay, Colorado recruiting scam. Whatever.
And they're this, but they will take anybody just like that story. I said yesterday, the Latinos,
they're not to sign up no more. And nobody would have who's seen what's going on over there.
We're almost to the 1700 number in Iraq. Not that anybody's counting you understand.
Not that anybody really cares except those who are directly affected. But other than that, it's just one
of those things. Although I am fighting more and more Norman Solomon on common dreams.org
today's got to come about impeachment. And we have one yesterday by a native and the other guy
Kevin. He's a good luck to them. Well, I think you gotta start somewhere. Okay, I'm gonna make a
little rumble. It's thunder down under as they say. I'm gonna make a little thunder down under.
They're wrong today again. Yeah. Really? Not if I can make a run for the border right now.
You know, and at New Times thing, I get too bad that we are all over it. It's still online. He's
still finding it. Yeah. It's the four here like the best, the best public restrooms in the town,
things like that. I'm not the mood to be picky. Well, that's good. I'll tell you again, let me
highly recommend if you're an Amsterdam to Barbizon Palace. All right. Barbizon Palace hotel,
which is only like right across in the central station. And man, you go in and you go, you pretend
like you're staying there. You know, you act like you belong in there. They don't pay attention
anyway. They just march right toward the back and on the right there's a stairwell downstairs
with his turrets. Man, they got just incredible restrooms down there. And they got like, you know,
this just soap in the sink and a whole deal in the rear. Real nice private individual,
a little towel. That's a beautiful thing. And then you go back out and be the sleeves of all that
you really are. A handful of times in the last few years, the members of the Oregon Commission
charge with determining who will get a license to teach in the state's public schools and find
themselves faced with an application from a former prostitute, a prostitute, but under state law,
commissioners have had to turn down the applications regardless of any potentially mitigating
circumstances. Unlike in the neighboring states of California, in Nevada, Idaho and Washington,
in Oregon, it doesn't matter if the prostitution conviction came at a tender age, if the woman herself
was the victim of sexual abuse or was forced into prostitution or was forced into making
pornoes like Linda Lovelace, or if she has since managed to write herself under her life.
Now, a bill that would have brought Oregon's policies and lines with its border states has
died in the state senate after strong signals that even if it had made the past the full body of
the senators, it would not have survived the Republican controlled house of representatives.
Those are Republicans, man. They don't like prostitutes unless, of course, they're servicing them.
You don't get past the headline. You just don't get past it to Dave Maury and aid to
represent the Linda Florey, a Republican of Tachamas, who chairs the House Education Committee,
where the bill would have landed and had a clear state senate. The bill sponsored by Senator
Mark Recurter, Democrat of Portland, would have allowed a school district to employ a woman,
convicted of prostitution, and for at least seven years had passed since the conviction,
and if she's not been convicted of any of the crime in the interim.
I like that. All right. It would not have given blanket, okay, to all
teacher applicants with a prostitute conviction, but they might have handed them a small blanket.
Just lay down on it and pedal their wares. How do you like that, huh?
Some of the words that you make a mistake in Oregon, you don't get a second chance.
Make them mistake of selling your goods, selling your wares, selling your body,
this disgusting protest sub-rosa, huh? Like I said before, thank God Republicans don't use prostitutes.
What a cumbersome sport. We are the two even at Jeff Cannon W. Guys.
It's a function way.
And if not a tumor, it's the one to two hour.
I've won the boat.
Okay, this is done.
Now women bothers them, care that I've reached all their minds.
The people of California say like they're like
and
just like they might have a few. Oh, geez, I swore lots of pardee.
I am the calmer. It's true.
The man that I do not have a clue.
Haha, everybody see what I look like.
I am the calmer.
Ah, everybody.
I am the calmer.
You like the movie.
That's why I become a god of California.
Oh, yeah, it's a real happy matter who didn't believe it was right.
A moron. It's one of one at five sixty W.
Q. I. M. Here's the poll.
What's the biggest rib off today?
Gas prices 189 medical insurance 149 prescription drug
prices 139. They should rot in the hill.
Stadium concessions 59.
But at least the food you're ain't good.
Car insurance 45 hospital freement 36 credit card companies 32.
Calmer's tuition 21 taxes 15 real estate and nine
term in schemes 6 the Q. A. M. online auction the action auction
so five paying the sea preventive the Schmidt four
borrowed water three times shares three flood insurance three turnpike tools
none and a Florida now a lot of ways got done.
Well, that's going to be just put it on here I guess.
By the way, the lottery is great.
Well, that's right. We love the Florida lottery.
That's the deal.
It's the best deal going anywhere.
I'd go on.
But that's what you think it's right now.
You know what's screw it.
Okay, that's where I drive a line.
I'm sorry you can suck up all you want man.
Enough of the sucking.
By the way, I sent you that article.
Oh, the one about the other thank you so much.
I don't have it yet, but I'm sure it's on the way.
It is.
You fasted it.
No, I emailed it to you.
Oh, you emailed it.
Well, why did you do that dummy?
Because I just got the link and I emailed it to what people do.
No, it's not what people do in the middle of a radio show.
See, people may do that.
I don't have a printer here.
I'm on my laptop.
Yeah, well, you don't have to get like all
surely about it.
No, I mean, just calm down a little bit.
You're the kids.
You're like, help.
No, no, he gets sick.
Yeah, just like I got him all that food in there in a ball.
And the press box.
Oh, gee, well, it was from a sponsor.
You know, like he's going to be choosy about the name and the shoe size.
Like it should have been some hot young chick about 22 years old.
Come in here, stark naked.
Well, you know, at least spreading it on the floor there,
giving it all the food and then a little extra bonus too, huh?
Well, his girlfriend was nice.
You know, really?
That's something that Troy has a girlfriend?
Oh, yeah, personal friend.
Wow, I'm sure he does all right.
Yeah, he does okay.
We're not talking about Troy's transfer.
We're talking about Troy from Balance for Life.
A good friend of ours and a really good buddy of Josh's now.
Is it good, guys?
Okay, I'm clicking on this story now.
Uh, oh, gee, and here comes a black screen.
That's not a good sign one.
It comes up with a black screen.
Well, here it is.
I got it.
And I'm printing it out right now.
Thanks, Josh.
Oh, we've been across this one off the list.
One moment, please.
Okay, let's see.
And they're not a sponsor.
So we can read this, right?
And they never will be.
And this will make sure that.
Although I understand that, uh,
uh, after we do the list tomorrow,
places that are closed,
Berkeley's going to be cold calling all the names on the list.
That's what I just heard.
There's a awful cut.
All the businesses that are no longer open.
As faxes, Poverniks reopened on Sheridan Street by the old Delhi den site.
It's awful and filled with autococcus.
I thought that was Wolfies.
Remember when we were at Paxen, they were like one day was Wolfies.
The next day was Poverniks.
The next day was a member then.
Right.
The Delhi den.
Well, now that was a great...
How come we don't put the Delhi den on there?
In fact, I'm crossing out of Poverniks and I'm going right down the Delhi den.
That was great.
It was a sponsor.
And I knew one of the guys.
I knew one guy, the one owner, did not commit suicide.
I don't know the one that likes to go with brains out.
Here's that story that Josh Cordis just so graciously sent.
There it is.
17-year-old high school journalist, honor student, David McSwayne,
is just what Army recruiters are looking for.
But he suspected they might be lowering their standards of sports rich
challenger of CBS News Interverfiliate KCNC.
See?
I wanted to see how far the Army would go during a war to get one more soldier,
McSwayne said.
So he showed up at a golden Colorado recruiting office saying he was a dropout.
No problem the recruiters said, and told McSwayne in a phone call he recorded,
to create a fake diploma from an non-existent school.
It can be like, faith held back to school or something.
Whatever you choose, the recruiters said, whatever you make up.
Some of Swayne went online, got a fully grade transcript and a diploma,
with the name of the school and the recruiters suggested, and turned it in.
I was shocked.
I'm sitting there looking at a poster that says, integrity, honor, respect,
and he's telling me to lie, McSwayne said.
See?
First it's the Boy Scots next to the US Army, eh?
Then the high school senior told the recruiter, I have a problem with drugs.
I just can't kick the habit, just marijuana.
The recruiter suggested purchasing a detox kit.
The two times I had the guys used it, it's worked both times.
We didn't have to worry about anything the recruiters said.
McSwayne had a friend take a video as another recruiter,
Sergeant Tom Pickle, took him to buy the so-called detox kit.
Oh, there's another page to this, Josh.
It's continued on page two, and I already want...
I still got it on there.
How do you like that?
Not that you're government or any government agency would lie to you.
You don't understand that, of course.
Not that they're desperate, because nobody in their right mind wants to sign up
to go and be made a human sacrifice of these days.
Let's see, continued on page two, okay?
As Paul Harvey would say.
Page two.
And now what do you want to say?
On page two.
He said, good dog.
Or bad dog, whatever.
Oh, here it is, here's the rest of it.
Here's the rest of the story.
See how that all kind of like fits in?
Mm-hmm.
The rest of the story.
Well, I'm waiting to print that out.
Your favorite South Florida business that you no longer...
That no longer exists so far, I got the famous, the toast, New York State
cost is most of these are restaurants.
The studio, Villa deli, Jordan Marsh, Juniors, Get the Honey at Juniors,
Prince Hamlet, Turkpub, Rocky Graziani's.
That's a biscuit, 130, fifths, and like that.
Burton Jax, Piccolo's, Playboy Club, Wolfe's in the Deli's in.
That's a good start for the Marzalist, ain't it?
Yeah.
Should we put Jefferson's on there?
There are people that shopped in Jefferson's.
I had a Jefferson credit card.
So couldn't have been all bad, right?
But the rest I had every credit card I was ever invented.
That also I'd Jordan Marsh.
Now do we get Ronnie points for San Juan Great Places out there that are no longer in business?
So anyway, here's the rest of the story.
Salinger confronted Sergeant Piccolo with a phone conversation.
David and Swain said he had before they went to the store on tape.
Sergeant Piccolo, when you said about the one problem you had,
what does it consist of?
McSwain, marijuana, pickle.
Oh, okay.
So nothing major?
McSwain.
Yeah, he said it would take me down to get that.
He would take me down to get that stuff.
I mean, I have no idea what it is.
So we would have to show him.
Is that a problem?
Piccolo, no, not at all.
I mean the detaqskit.
Sergeant Piccolo quickly referred us to his superiors.
Lieutenant Colonel Jeffrey Brodour.
I wonder if he's kid to Martin Brodour, who has army recruiting for the Colorado region
did not defend the recruiters.
Let me tell you something, sir.
I'm a soldier.
I've been a soldier for 20 years, Brodour said.
This violates trust.
It violates its integrity.
It violates honor.
It violates duty.
The two soldiers involved have already been suspended from recruiting duties.
They could face anything from a letter of reprimanded with court martial,
if they're not cleared by the investigation.
How do you like that?
Or just a little pot?
Oh, there's Mark Feld again in this family.
They keep showing that shot.
Where do they like to have a good one?
And there is the grandson in the background again.
Hey, listen.
Everybody has a celebrity for about 10 seconds.
Okay.
Just like Linda Watts, your name and her kid Linda Tripp.
I'll tell you what you're going to say.
Linda Lovelays.
Get that guy in the back.
And when we love lace, we love Linda Lovelays.
Anybody see that movie?
No.
Don't.
Could be the worst porn movie ever made.
There's certainly right in there.
The bottom five, bottom of the barrel.
Yeah.
I mean, really.
And I would imagine now whatever, you know, I'm sure it's on DVD.
But even there, it's a DVD of a tape of a old 35 millimeter flick, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
It's probably really grainy and all the lying.
Well, it's good because it probably blocks out her earrings quite a bit.
They digitally remaster it.
And you'll see all the hair on his back.
Oh, geez.
Speaking of that, I bet you know somebody who'd like that who appearing yesterday before a
nationwide audience on the NBC Today Show spoke handmade or gym west.
A few of the fairy.
I'm a homo.
Said that he will not resign after he was outed as a homo sexual that he voted against gay rights bills and
legislature because that's what his conservative district wanted.
Right.
Hippocrate.
Folliny.
I think of Rush.
I think of Miss Drudge.
I think again in Guckert.
All of these people.
I think of Bob Balman from Maryland who was paying 15 year old kids for sex boys.
And an advisory vote last night just hours after West TV appearance, these folkhand city council voted unanimously to axon to resign.
They said, you fairy.
The 55 year old mayor can be removed from office only by recall.
A group of residents begun circulating recall petition.
Members of the group did not immediately comment on West's appearance on the Today Show.
My male and emails are running two to one in favor of me not resigning West.
It is for a public interview since the allegations were raised in early May.
You should not run out for civil allegations because then you could run anybody out of office.
West has been under fire since May 5 when the spokesman review newspaper reported allegations that he sexually molested two teenage boys
when he was a sheriff's deputy and a voice guy leader in late 70s early 80s.
West has vehemently denied those allegations.
The newspaper also reported that West trolled gay online chat rooms and offered city jobs and other perks to young men he met there.
All those gay chat rooms man.
Maybe here I ran into Miss Kamal.
They're always certainly much too old for her.
The FBI has launched an inquiry into whether he committed criminal acts with those offers.
The city has appointed a commissioner to determine whether he violated policies against misuse of computers.
West has acknowledged he was a closeted homo and has called himself the victim of a brutal outing.
All we can say to that is you ferry.
I didn't have intimate relationships with both men and women West said yesterday talking about the period after his marriage ended in nine years ago.
I'm not going to go into my private life on national TV or psychoanalyze myself. He be saying West it was in New York on his way to attend a conference today and tomorrow in Tampa.
Told today show host Matt Lauer that he wasn't being hypocritical when he opposed gay rights bills during two decades as he Republican legislator.
Waterfino is Charlie Krister. Miss Mark Foley.
I voted to represent my legislative district and the legislature. I was not an advocate West said he probably did read the advocate though.
I was not a leader of the charge or in any of those cases. Every representative and every senator from my district voted the way I voted.
West said he doubt he would have voted differently had he not been closeted. I'm a conservative. I'm not a closet liberal pretending to be a conservative.
What's wrong with somebody having an alternative sexual orientation being a conservator? Can a gay or a black be conservative? I think they can he said.
And I'm sure that Alice rents over to agree. Hey Alice you ferry West predicted he'll be excited by the FBI and City of the Investigations.
Too bad gay and whoever isn't around to get him off the hook for all time's sake.
Maybe you can go to what's his name Mark whatever's name is. What's his great the FBI guy deep trod. Oh felt is it.
I haven't misused my orifice for personal gain. He said I welcome those investigations because I believe they will clear me.
I wonder if if what's your name you to personal orifice for personal gain can't he will it's all that you're going to say little at least.
He told our he expects more allegations to surface as political enemies pile on. In other words what he's really saying is you guys ain't scratch the surface yet so scratch this.
Hey by the way you ferry. 113 and 560 WQM we got more Howard David had come along and followed by Mr. Mandage.
Oh right Jim Mandage at the Mad Dog at four and then Marlon stuff Marlon's in Pittsburgh where it's been really lots of tourists in Pittsburgh.
We don't know what that's all about. When the guys come back in the town next home stand you've got to do an investigation find out what the what the hexes were the pirates.
Yeah I'll find out or not.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
Yellow light.
I've been kidnapped.
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying.
I've been kidnapped by aliens.
You've been kidnapped again?
I've been kidnapped by aliens.
You've been kidnapped by aliens?
Where did they don't talk you?
Stop looking.
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that in America?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where is it?
In Mexico.
Albuquerque is.
Yes.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, no, no, Mexico.
Okay.
I don't believe you.
You don't have to lie to me.
No, I want to get married.
I really do what you said.
I was kidnapped by aliens.
I don't believe you, honey.
They got short hair.
They got short hair.
Who does?
They got short hair.
Do you say short hair?
You mean like Ryan C. Cress short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
That's a big joke, honey.
I don't need that any other way.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm at a 7-eleven.
7-eleven?
Yes.
Could you give me a slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
A slurpee.
What?
Like a blueberry wolf.
I just think you're not.
I think it's you a slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey.
I'm a aliens to the blue, man.
Aliens drive a blue van.
Yes.
Like a Chevy van.
No.
To the Ford?
No.
What kind of van is that?
It's a kind of van.
Does that do anything to you?
Does that probe you?
No.
Focused.
No.
Pride you?
No.
Like love to you.
No, you idiot!
I'm not coming.
I want to stand at the 7-eleven.
You don't want to murder me, do you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not.
I'm done with this sheet.
Bye-bye.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Goodbye.
I love you.
Twenty-after-one, a QM.
Clif faxes and says for the poll about the place you miss badly.
For tomorrow, I guess.
Six Flags Atlantis.
This says I used to love to go down the real high slide with a straight-down drop and get a big wedgie.
Isn't that cute?
All right.
You got six Flags Atlantis?
Well, I don't know.
You're not making a poll, I am.
Right.
And also, I got a couple more.
All right.
And one being Biscayne Kennell Club, which I'm sure our close personal friend, Ken Malder, would agree with that.
Well, it was with the days, man.
At Biscayne, here comes the bunny and there goes, and a highly a park.
I mean, it's still there, but it's in the business, right?
So I think that qualifies highly a little bit.
Would a flamingos?
Beautiful, highly a park?
Nice going, John Brunetti.
You loser you.
Clif also says, I know it was yesterday's poll, but the biggest South Florida sports stiff is Reggie Roby.
Ken can't get any stiffer than Reggie.
That's bad.
That's really bad.
He is probably pretty stiff, though, at his point.
He was good player, though.
Good kicker, good punter.
Right, Josh?
Yes, he was.
Reggie Roby was great.
And now he's dead.
Damn, he was like, what, 43, 44, something like that?
Yeah, what's that all about?
What kind of a life is that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get about 4,500 calls in here before we run out of time, because it's just really zipping along today, isn't it?
No, not like that.
No, that's because all that technical hiding is going on before the show today.
Always rattles.
We got off on a wrong foot.
Dominic Q.A.M., hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We're grateful about the local casino.
The local casinos?
Yes.
See, they just won't stop you.
No, no, no, no.
No.
Now, we got this seven-minute delay, so you might as well just blow a big fat one right out your brow behind.
5, 6, that's it.
Sounds like it.
You know, they keep talking about the 16 or 1700 dead, but that ain't the true figure, because a certain percentage of your wounded will die.
Yeah.
You know, why don't you talk about that?
You're not supposed to be talking about any of this, or you're un-American.
Okay, I'll go back to the call right.
Okay.
Now, of course, we definitely don't talk about the over-hundredthousand Iraqis, because we're there to liberate them, and impose democracy on them, whether they want or not.
It's worth it.
Let's see.
Here's one.
Did you see the poll of the worst anchors?
Number three, Rick Sanchez, seeing what was-what pool?
I don't know, Pete.
What did he tell us what pool you saw that on?
Oh, this is a-well, Pete the board op.
I didn't see-I mean, usually he's a little bit better than this.
Oh, and he says the guy is still dead, and San Pedro is still alive.
Well, that's great, but what-well, Paul the worst anchors on what?
Pete.
Pete the board office, or I'll just sit with himself, but he just, you know, he can't see the force for the trees.
How has Spanagh before-it-has Old Depot doing? Run by him lately?
Don't say anything.
Five-six-seven-oh-five-sixty-pound-fives-it's kind of a time with that previous caller we dumped.
Pound-five-sixty out of Verizon's SIG in the Routus Lines.
Dominic QYM, hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, for the poll, how about the collection plate?
I like that.
It's been about a half a second to think about it.
Good choice.
Thank you, sir.
I'll pray for you, my son.
The collection plate.
What a rip off that.
Well, I got to pay those all for all those lawsuits.
You got to understand that.
For all those Monicones and chees.
There's no fact in the church.
Well, we know that, but nevertheless.
Five-six-seven-oh-five-sixty-pound-fives-it's the Verizon SIG in the Routus Lines.
WBQYM, hello?
I like Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, okay.
I got, um, there's three skateboard parks.
skateboard USA, SolidSurf and skateboard heaven.
Remember those?
Were you around back then?
Never heard of them.
Well, I was never back to skateboard or only my spare time.
Oakland Park had SolidSurf, Oakland Park Boulevard, and Cypress at a skateboard heaven.
skateboard USA was in between Sterling and Sheridan on 95.
Oh, be damned.
Okay.
Well, thanks a lot, pal.
I'm, uh, grow up already.
I have no life.
I'll be keeping this for a lot, then.
What about Pirates World?
What about Pirates World?
I'm a little bit near.
You know it.
Pirates World in Daniel.
Long gone.
I've got an album full of pictures of me there.
Now, what about the Monkey General?
It's still there.
I mean, the Pirates General is still there.
I've only moved it.
It moved it.
Look at Juggles.
It's still there.
I'll be damned.
I'm a bit miss.
Huh.
Why you been there?
Well, not in a couple of years, but, uh, it's still there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Are we doing, I guess we're doing both now.
We're like kind of like easing into tomorrow's.
Right.
We're overlapping.
And we're like doing little overflow.
Let me know who I am.
Hello.
Hey, is he still going to the restaurant there?
Are we still going to the restaurant pool?
What pool is that?
He's talking about restaurants.
Restaurant?
He's talking about restaurants.
What restaurant was he talking about?
Oh, you mean like Pumpkinix?
Yeah.
No.
5, 6, 7, it wasn't a restaurant pool.
It's all that's a big part of it.
It's a favorite restaurant, a business that no longer exists.
Most of which he's on here were restaurants, okay?
But the guy's like so squirly and so, uh,
side with a surly and squirly, wouldn't you?
Yeah.
In fact, his name probably is like Shirley.
Who had a Q.A.M.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The best thing is Pirate's Role was the steeple chase.
Yeah.
He'll be finally like some metal stage, bit of kid that were holed up in the horses' body or something like that.
I don't remember that.
Hmm.
Well listen, Neil, I'm calling for another reason.
I hope so.
Are you allowed to talk about Dr....
Absolutely not.
No?
About what?
About Dr. The Seaward.
The head.
The head.
The head, the the the flater named after the Secretary of State for President Bush.
How many of you allowed to talk about Condoleezza?
Why?
Why not?
He doesn't want to talk about the station.
You can say it is obscene, but yes, you don't find no spots.
Condoleezza, what about that bitch?
Well listen, listen.
Go to this website and see.
Hello, sir.
For her, she's going to be here for a lot of help for this organization, American States.
For full text, just oriented or you know, just directed at her.
And check it out on www.afa2005.org.
And it's basically how the drawing of her, she's an international dominatrix, kind of sleazy rice.
And it has a nice picture of her all hoed up.
Good.
And you know, the ironic part of this is, you know, they're pushing democracy, democracy in Latin America.
And every government they're elected in Latin America as of late, in the past five years,
during the Bush administration hates us like poison we ever have.
Right.
All continent in Latin America they're doing.
You know, even his good friend Vista, and it said that was his claim to fame in Texas with the Julio,
was his close relationship with Denselli Fox in Mexico.
And now they hate us like poison too.
How do you like that?
And the guy that's going to be elected next year, or Bradur, is hates us like poison.
Yeah, he's like poison.
I like that.
He's saying that, like poison.
I have a great line of view.
And back to your pal, and say how to kind of leave the pleasing.
Do we hate that bitcher?
Why am I the way speaking of dominatrix?
What's her story?
She got a husband, boyfriend?
No.
She ever seen one?
No.
I'm telling you, man, this self-hate and phagotry is going to really, let's see.
Or here's some more for tomorrow from Rick.
I wonder if Rick knows Conchita Louise.
Conchita Louise, she used to be a news abroad from WS News.
I'm Conchita Louise, she used to say just like that.
Just like, we can't argue about Conchita Louise.
Why do people do that?
I don't know.
They're so annoying because they know that it works.
Zayers, J.M. Fields, and Masters.
Now, what that was, Masters?
Got me.
Is that like a Dutch store or Dutch cigar?
Dutch Masters?
Totally.
He's a little pretty good for an old Italian guy.
He said, he was speaking Sicilian, Sicilian.
I say, him and Tom do it.
They had this deal going, and he thought, nah, he didn't take the deal.
And we didn't be truminator.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
That's the question me project.
It's time, Pop 1 House.
There you go.
Pop a few.
In fact, one of your 30 oughta be good.
Make sure you take enough of them to get the job done.
5, 6, 7, whole 50, 60,
pound 5, 60 under Verizon and singular wireless line.
Maybe he and Rorschung get together.
And what's your name from Treasure Island?
Stephanie.
There you go.
They can all pop them, huh?
They have one hell of a wild pop and time.
The line now is Pop 1.
Q.Y.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I list you on the internet, and about one,
that's a couple days ago, 130, it stops working.
They cut it off?
I don't know what's going on.
Including today?
Yeah.
Four kind of coming as much of a crap as that.
That's what you know.
No.
That's the second day in a row?
Yeah.
Well, I'm glad you told us, man.
Where are you?
I'm in the West Coast, or Fort Myers.
Oh, Fort Myers, well.
I know.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Well, I do love you, and I was hoping maybe you guys knew something.
Thanks for the heads up, pal.
We'll work on it.
We're having some technical difficulties the last day or two, but you know, that's us.
That's right in over here.
We'll put our head to the grindstone.
Thanks, sir.
Thanks.
And good luck to you.
We'll leave it over there.
He's in Fort Myers.
You know how embarrassed he was that he was in Fort Myers?
Yeah.
You don't have to feel embarrassed.
I mean, you're probably not there by your own free will.
You're probably like a prisoner.
You're probably being kept there under duress.
I understand.
But it really is kind of sad.
Those people live on the West Coast of Fort Myers.
And some of them would actually say, oh, we love it here.
It's paradise, you know.
It's like some of the people in Dave Rowan and Palm Beach would say it's a petri-
Oh, yeah.
They'd say, oh, kid, Addy would add nonsense.
Okay.
Nonsense.
In fact, I already took the thing off of there.
The Arader looks really menacing.
I don't want to get you nervous or panic like that.
But like it's already almost two o'clock.
If you need to leave work at five, I leave now.
Just tell the boss, hey, screw you up.
It's the weather's going to be really inclement.
And it's going to be pouring cats and dogs.
And I'm out of here.
That's all.
Right?
Right.
What's wrong with that?
In fact, if I was you guys, I'd be out of there at 10 seconds after two,
just like I'm going to be.
You know, I'd be out there immediately if not sooner.
Now, let's see.
The number today was 13.
I don't want to do like a countdown on the year.
Wouldn't it be tacky like I'm... yeah.
Yeah, that's bad.
But I will tomorrow would be 12.
Tomorrow would be like the dirty dozen.
What's wrong with that?
Counting down the days till that next vacation.
At last week before the summer skates will start.
Then the summer skates will start.
Then you're really going to have some fun.
You got George all the time.
Like three days a week.
I'll be here Tuesday and Thursday during the summer as usual.
Just because they want to keep me...
You know, in fall, keep me in the loop.
Right?
Right.
In addition to which, if I didn't have to do the Tuesday and Thursday,
then I'd probably be able to be foolish and spend a ton of money
and go over to Europe again and start traveling around
and waste all of that money.
Yeah, you wouldn't want to do that.
Right.
Whereas now, if I stay here like Monday, Wednesday and Friday,
I can just stay right here and go out to the woodbine
and lose all that money instead, right?
Right.
But it's a lot safer.
5-6-7-0-5-6.
You might have a way.
Congratulations to my friend Ian Frommelwitz.
I saw your $30 horse went on TV last night.
Nice going, Randy.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about?
No.
Ian Frommelwitz, he's a big fan of the show.
He's a horse owner.
And we're buying.
Ian Frommelwitz, good Jewish boy.
Just bought a horse and one last night popped him.
5-6-7-0-5-6-D.
He had much in his mouth and something.
Who was that?
A new technique?
Is that like a new language?
Maybe he's a linguist.
Come in to QA& Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
One of the greatest things that's ever been in Florida
that's not here anymore?
Yes.
Spring break.
Yeah, I know that's kind of like how to smattering back.
But you're right.
The real spring break.
The real spring break.
I'm talking earlier.
Amen.
Okay, thanks, Kelly.
Bye.
See ya.
And where's the guy from the button that died?
What the hell was his name?
He was such a good guy.
He just died a few months ago.
I don't know.
From the button on the beach in Florida.
Do you know who I'm talking about?
You don't even remember who I'm talking about?
No.
He owned once upon a time he owned the button on the beach.
He was like the poster child for spring break in Florida.
You better get with it, mister.
When it comes to sports, we need for the authority.
Let's have you still then.
We're here.
We're in number one, David!
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to the domic people killed with the gas that we sold in.
First time a crescent nation and they only won that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there chose to match us.
We're right.
Wayne is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That he rags as soon.
Weapons of master's destruction.
3000 people killed.
Our now forgot.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be done.
Go and after sent down to Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in law,
but no one seemed concerned all.
Come be and come place it.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration
that controls us by fear through the day of manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That I rags as soon.
Weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ice croft is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle, ant world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall and have a burden in scope.
With no objection at all,
Teflik rats don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brainwash.
I rack has a weapon of master's destruction.
Only a rack has a weapon of master's destruction.
You'll find us most amusing,
but I guess the audio dropped out there for about two seconds.
It's not all this fun.
Am I right?
Maybe hit the wrong button or something there, Josh? Let's let the us.
Really?
Well, it dropped out here for about two seconds.
I was in the tea room standing there taking a leak at the time.
Can I say I've taken a leak?
And all of a sudden I hear like a dead air for about two seconds.
Must've been on your head.
Now it reminded me of that thing in the Godfather where he says,
I don't want my brother come out of that.
It would just as he says it would say.
Right.
Kind of like that.
Anyway, it all worked out just fine.
And a mole mic is coming up.
Bye, bye, bye.
