We won a draw, and from my chicken pants and dogs,
Take my peg around the door, I took their china,
And the dog gave cracky toy doggie mefus control.
Doggie doggie, and I never say doggie,
Gaze for the holes or even a,
Doggie doggie, doggie doggie,
Doggie doggie, doggie doggie,
Doggie doggie, doggie doggie,
Doggie doggie, doggie doggie,
My school is my whenever school is doggie,
Doggie doggie, doggie doggie,
I then pay you for your school,
Yeah, you know what you're going back to me.
You know what you're going back to me.
You know what you're going back to me.
Yeah, you know what you're going back to me.
You make me run out of it.
My niece will take a ride off my chicken pants,
And I'll take your toy now.
I'm done, I'm done with the way I'm going back to you.
You like such a howl?
Oh, oh, oh, the roi-dore.
Oh, the roi-dore.
Oh, the roi-dore.
Oh, there were no roi-dore,
There were no roi-dore,
No, no, no.
No, no.
For now, roi-dore, roi-dore.
But this justensive homework!
No, no, no!
Yeah, Elmo, you're going to be next by the way.
They're going to come and drag your ass out of there.
How do you like that?
Yeah, he better put on his pants and his tits and his
Beanie and all that stuff. They're sloughing him out in Israel man in the Gaza
Never decaline
Never hang out and of course this is just like what we had in South Florida. I was telling George in 2000 all those
Carpet baggers all those outsiders and all those Ojohn provocateurum only those were glam and these are Yiddlaosh, okay
These are right wing Jewish extremist punks who came in from the outside as Ojohn provocateurus to stir it up
As they say on the sports shows the Joe Rose likes to say to stir it up
Is that what you like to say I think?
Yeah, does it give it up? Well good to see that everything is under control in Iraq
Yeah, at least 43 people were killed in 76 wounded when a series of car bombs exploded a crowded bus station central Baghdad
Yesterday sending debris and body parts
Flying across the scene you know that you have things under control when you go outside you see body parts flying in all directions
That the Burnt Fire Survivors fleeing on foot the assault the deadliest interactions made you lie took place at the
High-of-the-Morning Rush hour
What is the Iraqi equivalent of Manhattan's Port Authority terminal hours later the Charlie mains of those buses
They scattered across the site and policemen inspecting them pulled out items such as a baby's milk bottle and
Tattered pieces of clothing
There were a lot of bodies a lot of smokes had for Raj Lido aught 37 the police officer in charge of security at the terminal when the explosion happened
I could feel myself
Flying through the air. That's what does that this morning something about how much he enjoys that and you say that?
Oh, I'm sorry. What did you say I heard it?
845 votes on the poor yesterday and George's question was it is most pointless to try to restrict which of these
prostitution
216 prostitution yeah
prostitute
I think this is proud
drugs 151 pornography 66 language 57 well gosh
Hartnett nudity 49
Sautami 43 oh god it makes me want to play I don't think we can play that anymore. I played it yesterday stuff you played Sautami I did
Oh, I just like that either the sour note there at the beginning of that wow. Oh
Wow is the word
That's enough
gambling 35 speeding 32 gay marriage 31 gay cell phone usage 27 gun ownership 26 especially in America
If I were over there in on Guazza right now
I'd like to fire a couple of warning shots up in the air that's why you get these get your ass out of here
Punts you far bison right when you lunatic religious nothing get out of here
Give you like 10 sessions. Oh, we're gonna start shooting in more in your direction. Well, they got them rubber bullets
They you want to see some idiots move real fast
abortion 26 sleeping with your kin 20 unless it's on passions of course right that's what the Whitney would tell you
That was a late ad that would have done better video games 20 swinging 19
Yeah, you should have just said incest would have been better smoking cigarettes 17's puppet on those faggets
Pitbull is the jelly-sided kind of survey this morning. Didn't a little bit now a little bit on the surly side like humorless
Pitbull ownership six and movie admissions for that's our
Georgia's pool. Yes, they excuse me our pool today
So I wonder we're gonna start with the um, I mean we don't have time to do it for tomorrow
But how about next Friday the ass thing ass fry Eric had some concerns. I thought he was gonna email you on that
Concerns about why about whether or not it would be kosher for paysock kosher ass
Welcome
Let's do other ready
They don't get that one gets you out of there the one with the big white ring picture on it
He just getting on my nerves already
They're all jammed inside the shoulder in the Neva deca-leem okay way and none of these people live there
By the way, I should point that out to you now the single one of these people lived in that settlement
These are all outside Ojran provocateur fanatical right-wing Jews
Taxi hois you may be acts okay our pool today picking up where we left off on Tuesday now how did Tuesday come out?
Meaning what the ugliest uh, uh, I guess there was no contest from Marty Feldman, right? Marty Feldman
Yeah, he ran away with it and then the operative pretty good to understand. Yeah, I don't understand
He was on top three like number three who is the all-time ugliest I was pleased that mo
Don't don't don't you the all-time ugliest female celebrity radio tv movies and I got a short list so far and if anybody out there had the
Let's see what it's the national examiner this the tabloid I got like the tabloid stuff by the way
Oh goody if anybody had that and saw the picture of bans that they got in it this way you have never seen anything that
grew some even a pile of puke is more attractive than Barbara Strasian looks right now
She is just I think it's a do-thing myself. She's grotesque. She's just ballooned up. Yeah, that's how that I do it
Wasn't I talking to you about that this you were we were I
I sure hope I didn't lose it because right next to it was a picture of what's his name?
Philippe Ryan Philippe
Damn near naked and boy. He's a lot prettier than she is but then again so is my ass
Okay, so that's the pool day and what we got so far
157 votes and I'm sure you'll have lots of there's so many ugly brawds and so little time
157 Sandra Bernhardt 65 now is there any doubt she was kind of like the equivalent to um the female equivalent of Marty Feldman, right?
Rosie O'Donnell 33 Roseanne Bar 22 she's read on Rosie's ass and the two of them are obviously having a great time
Barbara Strasian 10 I'm telling you if you saw that picture oh no that's all right
Whoa, am I right? Yeah, that's the beat. I don't know she ballooned up but she looks like she could pass a 180 easy
imaging coconut in fact
I'll tell you one thing if they want to clear out all those uh
Getskies in there all they have to do is hold up her picture they'd run for their lives
Imaging coconut opera 7 aka I'll see the board and cow totty fields five but he Davis 4 and B Arthur's got a pair
Yeah, she wore the pants in that family
Oh boy, she really annoyed the hell out of me. She's just over the top
Another walking air for anti-Semitism kind of like Jerry Seinfeld and he's Getskies over there right now
So
I don't know if he's rocking back and forth. He's got the old uh whatever it is in the pants
Creatures with that huh you know that he's got a bad uh, so maybe a little pepto bismill couldn't hurt
Civil libertarians and the Pentagon appear headed for yet another train wreck in the ongoing dispute over the so-called second batch of photos from
Aburgar
Reprizin in Iraq and
Response to a lawsuit by the AC or you the Center for Constitutional Rights at a number of medical and veterans groups demanding release of
87 new videos and photos
Bepicting detainee abuse that's now in from his prison the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff
He's probably smoking well right now general Richard Myers said the release would be would result in riots
Violence and a text by insurgents
In other words if they saw this grotesque stuff in court papers filed a contest the lawsuit general myers city consultant with general
John P. Abbasade headed the west central command and general George W. Casey Jr
Commander the U.S. forces in Iraq both officers also opposed the release
He believes to release the photos would inside public opinion in the Muslim world and put the lives of american soldiers and officials at risk
Oh, thank god. They're not a risk right now, you know it's only 1860
The situation on the ground in Iraq is dynamic and dangerous myers and I thought the injurgency was in its waning days
I thought it was well over there coughing up blood with 70 oh and they pointed out yesterday that there was a piece about the fact
It's like 40 degrees so it's like over a hundred degrees Fahrenheit
And most of these people don't have
Air conditioning because they have an electricity
Nice the situation on the ground in a right in fact they show for one home and the woman had candles on her kitchen counter
And the candles were like melted in like the lean tower pizza
Also myers said there is evidence that the Taliban was gaining ground because of popular discontent in Afghanistan
Well, thank god that could be any of the merkins fault or the right coalition of the unwilling mission accomplished
Right just like that
Rebs robin for myers said what would your pull be without merlin chambers
Okay
She used to look good, but that was a long time ago. Yeah, I don't think so what devil and misjones. Oh, she's never great beauty
She just wasn't ugly but she wasn't one of the ugliest celebrities of all time. She's in the same
I'd tell you I put him I ain't giggled on there, but I never got my bokeh brindis this weekend
So just to punish him on my cut off the ground plus nobody knows who that is
I was surprised that imaging copies got nine votes. She was on what said Caesar remember imaging coke. I know you don't I do
Do you really I saw oh look at their dovening over that update? Let's just get a response to
What kind of crap is this?
Seriously, I think they need he needs a doctor right away. Maybe doctor Ruth could help him out
Looks like some kind of a sexual malfunction at the assumption
Uh, so we'll get some more offer that pull obviously. Oh, yeah, Judea park I wrote that down because you wanted me to play that
George requested you Dave Park. Yeah, it's good and also rostid you
You know because of the fact he's so anti-Somantic right waiting till you find out
uh, the national examiner has picked the best burger in America. Well if you saw the picture of Bob
Or you maybe saw this issues
No, it's it's also in star magazine that picture. I'm sure it's the same picture of the burger or the picture of Barbara
No bads. Oh believe me
This burger is a hell of a lot better look in the net bitch
So we'll get to that you'll be shocked. It's right in your hood as a matter of fact. Maybe you've even eaten there
You in Hollywood Florida. Can you believe that don't tease? Okay, mobile do when we come back
No, from minutes after 10 and 560 WQ AM
And you're going back to Canada you cute bastard. They were creatures from another time
Cloned in a bold scientific experiment
But then something went horribly wrong
Gentlemen, I have invited you here for the opening of the most amazing wildlife preserve the world has ever seen
A world conceived and created by myself and my assistant Don
Gentlemen, I give you Jurassic Park
Excuse me. What is it?
If you take Jurassic Park, yes, Jurassic Park
I'm going lovely director of ET comes the story of one man's bad handwriting and the disaster factor effects
What do you mean? I'm not even I thought your notes yet. You can't park so you're going me right
20 point you
You take park starving lower durn Jeff Goldwood. I know about a very tall Jewish people
Why would I want a theme park full of 24 Jews? I guess my selfless
In question I said why would he want a theme park full of 24 Jews?
Did I go hey? Who am I the judge?
Two day at park coming soon. This thing is everywhere.
film didn't summarize laces when I'm here in
10 18 and 5 60 WQ AM boys it a treat to have Gelly and Voa in the morning. Oh boy
Yeah, Gelly sounded surly during that little no one not like a crossover
But whatever he was because he heard in the background. He sounded very surly humorless
He you know he's like
In and out in and out
So I get back to the best bookers in America after Chris crossing the country in a quest to discover America's best hamburger
author Alan Richmond Richmond
He does Jews everywhere from gastric paradise in the tropics
Oh, yeah, well, I think I Hollywood Florida. I think of the tropics the old the tropics
Richmond taste tested some 160 do before I do that. I just got to play because I forget about it
That read a cosmic thing or a play. This is it from last night and speaking of sick perversion
We have just a stunning picture of the work in show here for the first time. I've Dennis Raider
Pretty graphic stuff. This is actually Dennis Raider basically naked right hanging upside down
Yeah, there you go. No, she can't speak. She's as wrote test as a your ass on a bad day after about of
After having a bad stomach and she just I don't want to think it about
She can't speak. No, anyway getting back to Alan Richmond and his burgers. Yeah, come on
Richmond tasted some 162 burgers and his 24,000 mile trek and during that trek
He probably tasted some really bad trek and declared in GQ GQ magazine of all places that the best conglomeration of beef and bun is at
Lake tub
There we've been an open air eatery in Hollywood Florida. I have no idea where we're gonna have to find out
How are we going to find out? Somebody don't have to talk
Huh some will call him sure running a close second was the Luger burger at Peter Luger steakhouse in Brooklyn
Richmond note in Brooklyn of course were a Jews attack other Jews. Hey, this business that Jews know to attack other Jews
Ask you it's Hock Robin
How's he doing time you see him
Richmond notes that the burgers and the two restaurants were equal
But Lake tub scenic location tip to scales
Given a choice between looking at the intercostal waterway and looking at the East River Richmond says it's not a hard choice
Third place honors went to the aptly named not just a burger from the Spice Parastron at the Chandler hotel in Newport, Rhode Island
And forget the chief steaks until it off you two fully burger joints rounded out the Richmond's top five
What does that mean forget oh? I see in other words for good cheese stick it burgers
The Rouge burger at the Rouge restaurant came in fourth and Kobe sliders at Berkeley Prime
Was fifth Kobe sliders
Slider right down just like oysters feeling for our country
And when I see the people the wonderful people of these areas and I see how they rose to the occasion with all their pain with all their feelings with their families being involved
I'm very proud of them. I'm very proud of these people look good. Have a nice to be in
So there you go. You got to check out Lake tub and Hollywood maybe so be aware of where it is
And then you can like taste test it yourself. You know it Miguel came in before to show this morning was raving about
That ice cream cold stone creamery
How come we don't have the money? There's a sponsor, you know
I just thought that's the department is so stiff man. It's like like a like our cardboard like a brick
They are dino might or maybe they ought to be dino might at our sales department
They're the absolute embarrassment of disgrace, but we don't care
I just mentioned that in passing just to aggravate them because they deserve it
Especially your close person
That one the one that's
We're down the piano case any day. By the way, let tub is on ocean drive and Hollywood
Ocean drive and Hollywood baby and it is and what did it say? It's an outdoor
Let's see an open-air eatery in Hollywood some of us kind of like
Tell them to be some of those huh tell them to be you can probably watch the boats go by or something
Well, isn't that great? Let tub and it's got a picture of the burger man
There's no way. I don't care how big a mouth even the stevey taler couldn't get his mouth around that thing
I have this wow it is just huge just dry
Can't it can it looks unbelievably good and it's got like
Slice the tomato. It's got a poppy seed roll
Slice the tomato then a bunch of like really anifty looking lettuce and this ring of onion and then your cheese
And then your burger and then the bottom of the bottom man. Oh man
Anyway, oh look at this wqa. I am hello
2 a.m. Hey
Let's tell the old let's up restaurants on a1a right around Johnson Street on the interco
Okay, thanks pali
Okay, it's right around Johnson Street on a1a on the other coastal side. I understand I see that what somebody told you they tell
Let's give a nice bug there because they made it national. I got a really big
And now that team of receiver got screwed over at least have one location. Yeah, just that one location in four-loader
Dale
I mean, I don't want to say that throughout a business because they have other locations that are still open
But they got their lease yanked they got yanked in four-loader Dale, which I'm sure they're not the first ones
WQIM hello
QIM
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was just wanted to comment on the top that place was really nice. Yeah
Yeah, it's pretty cool. It's like real underground. It's got like
Just a laid-back atmosphere underground underground. Yeah, it's real dark and dank and smelly and oh, I kind of place. Yeah
That was great. I'm going right now
Ha ha ha ha
Oh, I bet you've been in places like that before. I love the stink of dank. Mm-hmm WQIM hello. Yeah, Neil
Yes, it's really nice man. The only thing is cash only no credit cards and
There's only one. Let me ask you what kind of a person pays for hamburgers with credit cards. Schlepper get out of here
Casually no credit card
Now what's upon the time? Uh Mickey D's was gonna start taking credit cards. They didn't do that. Did they? I'm sure they do
Do it yeah, I'll have a big Mac a coke and a small fry. Here's my visa
Uh-huh, and then and then the best part then you could turn down
That would be embarrassing. Yes. WQIM hello. Hey, yeah, I want to tell you about Celia Cruz for that poll
Celia Cruz man, there's a guy. Good choice. Yeah
Celia she's a lovely thing of course. It goes to show you. I have Celia Cruz and I am dead now
I never even know when I was alive
I would
But WQIM hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you're getting a look of what's up reports everywhere, but
Yeah, it's on the other coast starting to chip north of flickers
The flicker light pizza joint components flicker light. Okay, you know, they don't advertise
They just they'll barely have a sign even out front and at all
You can barely see it from the road because it's it's overgrown in the front and they got bad cuts
It's like really rustic and and the whole place apparently if you read the history of them
Because then he was the guy built it from
He on the land and he'd go down every day and he'd pick up the jets and then flops them from their coast of waters
And all the word and everything's built from that
Um, and like I said rustic guys that is okay because the drinks there. They're not even so
In bottles of all cans and if you go at night expect a 45 minute wait
Really? Yeah, the service is really bad
I mean if I tell you let's say you know
Sit down don't take a drink. Well, you're not gonna get your food 45 minutes
All right, because there's just one little guy. It's like a six by eight pitch underneath
Back there on the grill
Now just wait till after we do this today
Yeah, so yeah, exactly
So you know
About this about two weeks ago
That's the word came out and at the end my buddy actually when he was there
I mean aren't you guys excited and they said no we're not excited
We don't want anybody to think that we got the best burgers because we're having a problem
Yeah, they can't have everything now okay, so everybody go down or in the jammed place
No, seriously why not if it's they got a really good product why not you know
I have to hire a second guy or something like that make him a fortune sure
I just can't I can't deal with that when people like turn down a free plug you know
It's speaking of plugs you see this dead wrong. It's gonna be showing Sunday at 8 p.m. I was uh
Watching it and popping it in cube very briefly looks very and then wrong. Yeah, it's about how wrong
We were about going to war and everything like that like see you want to see it in no, I'm not watching bbc right now
Okay, I'll go over to see and then it makes you inside an intelligence meltdown Sunday
Yeah, I'm sure it's gonna be oh yeah if it's on CNN first of all they're putting on a Sunday night 11 o'clock when everybody
Sluffing already and number two. I'm sure that's gonna be like Rio, you know, oh there's uh
Cindy old Cindy she-han in Crawford, Texas and the growing numbers time to meet with I mean I respect you know
What she's doing a lot and I think it's great
But I don't know about you. I mean a little bit tired a little I have a little Cindy she in burn out at the well
She's uh, you know peeing in the wind. It's no like a season. He's peeing in the wind. Well, when we're gonna get to watch the
this is amoea Roger
This is by week
Let me use
Touh. Touh. Touh. Touh.
I'm gonna take your break, take it off my face.
Don't give it up before it's a last in a tease.
I'm gonna catch no night time to see these and waste away.
Don't give it up before it's a big end now.
I have to get by on the side of the ground and waste away.
I'm gonna keep my burger away.
Don't give it up before it's the same with pork.
No one I get sick from what's on my fork and waste away.
Don't give it up before it's a half-to-two.
I guess I'll have to give up favor to always away.
Don't give it up before it's a last in a tease.
Don't wanna catch no night time to see these and waste away.
Pept 33, you know what I'm saying?
Who's this from?
Oh from Will.
Hey Will, have a great day.
Your mama.
By the way, yes.
Vokobrion says FedEx F'd up.
He mailed the package at the regular time.
He's calling them now anyway.
He yell at them.
They did what?
They F'd up.
He's calling them to yell at them because he mailed the package.
Same time he always does.
And it just didn't get here.
Oh, that's not a big deal.
I'm sure the stuff wasn't that good anyway.
Here's Will says you report on it.
He told me to be dated.
Male or hide in the SunCentral.
Oh, hold the male please.
It's trache.
Male or hide the SunCentral wrote an article that said the GQ story swamped them with long lines.
It even ran out of meat.
Well, you know, it's not like we're trying to scoop anybody on it.
It's just a half-to-the-scene event.
That's all I figure it was a local interest.
And maybe we can just kind of like pile it on, you know?
I know.
Come on, just calm down.
Oh, yeah, Phyllis Diller.
She's lovely.
The most gorgeous Phyllis Diller for the pool.
So many of you wrote test bitches.
How about Tammy Faye?
I don't want to get your boyfriend out in front Carlos upset.
Hey, Carlos.
You fairy.
Tammy Faye.
Sounds great.
With or without the makeup?
Let's see.
Now, what is this thing?
Somebody just jet bush F's Florida once again.
Florida homeowners will pay to bail out the state.
Backed insurers $516 million deficit.
Wow.
The state, back, nonprofit companies board a governor's voted
Wednesday to meeting in Jacksonville to take a one-time charge
under all homeowner insurance bills.
Anyone with homeowner insurance policy will have to pay a 6.8% assessment
to satisfy the citizens property insurance corporation shortfall $516 million.
Regardless of whether citizens insures their house condo town, home apartment, etc.,
they're whatever.
They're pub-tenth.
For someone with a $2,000 annual premium, that means an additional $136 bucks.
This is a special assessment that will be applied to whatever rate increases
have been or will be approved by state regulators.
Nice going, fat ass governor.
You're doing it, baby.
And thank you again to his brother for those low bargain basement gas prices.
It's a gas baby.
And of course, back in the day, we can play a little sound effect.
And you know, give me the real gas.
Can't do it no more.
The best we can do is that.
Just pretend that's some gas.
Just pretend you heard one of them ripper and fart sounds.
Gainesville.
This is so typical of what we forewad you that.
That's some good news for you.
President Bush's job approval is dropped to 41% nation.
Why, according to the results of 50 separate but concurrence state, why public opinion polls conducted by survey USA.
Bush's approval rating ranges from a high of 59% in Idaho to a low of 29% in Rhode Island.
Bush is above 50% in seven states.
Bush is at 50% even in two states.
And he's below 50% in 41 states.
Oh my God.
Compared to last month's poll, Bush's approval number dropped five points or more in 10 states.
The single largest drop was in Minnesota where he fell and where it fell 10 points.
Bush also fell nine points in New Mexico.
Of course, they're pretty close to Texas.
They're right there on the edge.
So they know they can smell it there.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Now, getting to what Gainesville, why is that there's so much crap in Florida?
They should stop comp for the sunshine.
They can call it just the the crap hole state.
The dissent of the labor union Florida.
A controversial museum exhibit of human corpses preserved and scripted their skin to reveal muscles, organs, and even blood vessels opens today in Gainesville.
Despite the state anatomical boards refusal to approve it, the exhibit promoters promoters said that yesterday.
Whatever that is.
Premier exhibitions of Atlanta are used at the board which oversees the use of cadavers at Florida Medical Schools has no jurisdiction over the Tampa Museum.
Well, why does it say Gainesville?
Maybe that's where the board is, you think?
In Tampa.
They're showing Stys in Tampa.
They just can't make up their mind what they want to be.
Those mugworms over there.
You know, they got your mom's weenus and all of them strip clubs.
And they even have a bunch of crystals and steak and shake.
But then on the other hand, they got all in mugworms.
All those right when fundamentalists who are all pissed off about the devil raise.
We will fight for the right to present this exhibition.
And we'll fight for the right of the people of Florida to see this exhibition said Arnie Geller,
premier president and CEO.
If that requires a court battle, so be it, he said, bring it on.
Just like your president said, bring him on.
At the heart of the controversy over bodies, the exhibition is the question of authorization to display the bodies.
The Florida anatomical board members who voted for it to against the exhibit plant for Tampa's Museum of Science and Industry said they were uncomfortable at either the deceased or their family's granted formal permission for them to be used in a museum.
The corpses belonging to Chinese people whose bodies went unclaimed or unidentified before being turned over to a medical school in China.
Company attorney Brian Wanger said, a wanker, said a letter to the board saying that the bodies were obtained legally and handled properly.
Well, how do you handle a dead body properly? I guess you have to ask Quasimodo.
Gingerly.
Dailin Medical University, which handled the body, certified that all died of natural causes and none were prisoners.
Lin Rommel, chairman of the anatomical board, said he didn't know how the board's decision would be enforced.
He suggested it would fall to attorney general Charlie Chris, you ferry.
Who, last week, he shouldn't have been giving me board jurisdiction to regulate the show.
Chris spokeswoman Joanne Karen said, you ferry.
It's up to the board to seek enforcement through the courts or the museum to seek permission through the courts.
The board could seek a court injunction. Oh, who cares?
Let him go see the stiffs in Tampa for crying out loud. At least if we give him something to do, right?
Get him off those tractor poles and all that other crap.
Okay, what's the all time, who is the all time ugliest female celebrity, movies, TV, radio, etc.?
Sandra Burrner, of course there aren't that many radio people, you know?
And most of the people on radio like Shirley Peters and Debbie Ellis, most of the people have never seen him anyway.
So what do they know? Right? Right. Got a lot.
226 Sandra Burrner, 85. They're not going to catch her ass.
Rosie O'Donnell, 48. Rose Ann Bar. Look how many Rosie's got.
But third man. Barber stress and 17. They obviously haven't seen that picture yet.
Imaging coca-12. See that cruise? He's, see that zooming up the list.
Oh, great. Did he just tie with Oprah 8? Ever seen together? Oh no.
Same bitch. Be Arthur 6th. Tony Fields 5. Betty Davis 5.
Tennis Bay Baker 2 and Phyllis Diller has got the big, oh!
So far.
This is Neil Roger, rock solid. This is 5.16 Q.A.
Fourth, we're radio. It's what the Q.A.
He's back.
Hello, I'm Sol. And I'm Harry.
Here to tell you about a special place.
Just a short resort.
I'm New York, he's the Poca-Nose.
Let's come. That's where I wanna go.
I can't wait for it all.
There was that in the Poca-Nose.
He can feel empty.
He thought that stuff.
Ways of a boy they could win.
I got a nine. Go for sat any bunch.
I'll fly the food on top of your tin.
I hope it's kosher.
In the Poca-Nose, Kite-Up and Buck Hill.
Camel, back in Wushill, Malarie and Sonny.
They've even Mickey Rooney.
I know.
Slit rock and pressle.
Oh, we let's go Poca-Nose.
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
With Tony Orlando.
In the Poca-Nose.
Get a hot shaytah.
You put a champagne.
Shit, buy the pool and act like a shop.
Let's get the chicks.
You get me and a girl.
Over by the exercise club.
Hey, cutie, oh, we ain't in the Poca-Nose.
Kite-Up and Buck Hill.
Camel, back in Wushill, Malarie and Sonny.
Don't forget Mickey Rooney.
Slit rock and pressle.
Oh, we let's go Poca-Nose.
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
With Tony Orlando.
In the Poca-Nose.
Let's go if we get your teeth.
I know, I got my teeth in the little bag with the water in there.
And the efferent, oh, hey, so anyway, Sonny Orlando became a boarder in Christian long time ago.
We know that and that's one of the reasons,
besides the fact he couldn't sing as loud of a paper sack,
that we hit him like poison.
Ty E. L.O. Ribbon around his neck, I think, is a good idea.
And then hang him from an ol' oak tree.
Think a good idea?
Okay.
Let's give it a shot.
Here's a fact from Mark.
All chronic Mark who hates you like poison.
Yep.
Your good buddy, Mike Mayo, Mark says wrote a piece about late tub last month.
I'd send it by a fast but since it's three pages long, I might press off George.
Hey, any facts that you send, this is off George Mark.
He hates you.
He likes Nick Bonne County better than you.
And this guy's name is close to that.
Here's a shortened link and he sends me the link, tinyurl.com.
I would like, what do I need to see that?
I also, maybe I will check it out during the break.
In fact, maybe if it's three pages long, I'll read it.
Maybe we'll have them lined up all the way to Daniel Beach.
What do you say?
Let's get late tub really cranked.
Maybe they got the best burgers in America, according to the national examiner,
and according to Michael Holda-Mail.
Also, I've been out of town a while since Mark, so perhaps you've heard this.
No, I haven't heard it and I couldn't care less Mark.
But freaking Ron and Fez are going to be on XM now.
The same channel is OP and Anthony, well good for them.
Please, Neil, fire that Finglor agent you supposedly haven't got somebody competent.
Why would I want to do that?
Why would I want to get somebody competent?
Somebody who's not like a wannabe, like Norma.
If Ron and Fez can be on XM, you should own the place.
Well, thanks Mark and that's true.
This is the greatest show in history, mankind.
But you know what?
Nobody wants to hear it.
Just our crowd.
Thank God for our crowd.
Got a big crowd out there.
Because we're not doing some stupid ass sports show talking about all the time and at crap.
And Ricky and Ricky and Ricky and Ricky and...
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Yeah, crap.
How about those panthers?
Oh!
Did I mention that Rimmer called the other day?
Yes, I did.
And that he hates the panthers like Poison and Witches.
They would lose every game.
Yes, he did.
Martin'sburg?
I beg your pardon?
Yes, he did.
I know I did.
It was a rhetorical question.
Now let's see, what's this?
You have to stop talking about late time before they get mad at you.
Oh, I sure wouldn't want to have anybody mad at me.
Yeah, they might cut you off for supply.
When that article came out in GQ, they stopped selling the burgers, even placing a sign outside saying no more cheeseburgers.
The hero ran an editorial by Fred Grimm, which I was going to pay to the boy.
Everybody's writing about late time, but only because the examiner had it, see?
It's just by...
I never buy the national examiner, but there was something on the front page.
Oh, I got the real story about who killed the John Veney and about Bob Barker's new sex accusers named their price.
And Marilyn Monroe's sex secrets in her own words.
And Barbara balloons up like, oh, there's the Barbara story.
And there is... where's that picture?
Ryan Filippe.
Oh, excuse me, I'm busy now.
Well, he sure looks good.
Now, what does that movie he was in?
54.
54, what?
Now, studio 54, but the movie he was called 54.
And also, the way of the gun.
He actually packed on 25 pounds of lean muscle for the movie way of the gun in 2000.
You know how old he is, Ryan Filippe?
Fuck, third man!
That's the answer.
Okay, anyway, getting back to this.
Will you stop with a Ryan Filippe stuff?
Sorry.
The hero ran an editorial by Fred Grimm, which I was going to pay to this back, but it was printed over a month ago.
I had to retrieve it.
I'd need to pay to search the archives.
Oh, we sure wouldn't want to have you do that.
Right?
Right.
And why should they?
Why should they have to pay to search some stupid-ass papers archives?
Should not.
Well, what does it cause them?
I mean, you can check our new archives in time.
You want it.
You can look at anything you want in our marginal website.
So, what will you tell me about Eric is opposed to Ask Friday?
Yeah, he thinks it might be, I don't know, cause the concern over the line, not kosher.
Ask?
Ask is over the line?
I don't know.
Beer-ass?
Prins?
I'm embarrassed by that.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, okay.
Let's just just forget about it.
I thought it was a really nifty idea and a little bit of fun.
But I know Eric, you know, I'm just responsible.
Yeah, you're right.
It'll teach you.
That's payback for that crappy pull on us a few years ago, remember that?
Yeah.
You and I hope you're a little bit kind of Lisa, huh?
But basically, the article was about how a one-page ad in GQ would, and don't email me about it, Eric.
Just forget about it.
Okay?
Obviously, you don't want to do it.
It's a little bit too much work for you.
Just forget about it.
One page ad would cost 75 grand.
The story in GQ is basically worth 10 times that.
And the guys basically were pissed off that we're getting all this free publicity.
How do you like that?
Fred Grimm, it says, his words admitted to blasphemy considering, I'm getting a gagging over here.
It must be something in the ear.
Poison gas?
Ah.
Considering that shameless self-promotion has become the new religion.
We don't want any more publicity.
I don't think a little restaurant tours would mark naked down Hollywood Boulevard to garner what lay tub businesses as a damn nuisance.
But you're on the bartender with the expression of a battle where he sold your shakes and said,
we don't want any more stories.
No more free publicity, thank you.
No more newspaper stories.
No.
What are you saying about it on the ear in the mere Roger show?
Sorry, I don't apologize.
How would I have any way of knowing that?
I don't ordinarily read Michael Holdemail.
And I certainly don't read Fred as a mighty Grimm.
He ain't no Bob Grimm.
So how would I know that?
You didn't keep me posted on that.
I'm out of touch.
So I apologize to the guys at the late tub.
And like I said, the food there is crap and no co-there.
And that should make them feel better, right?
It's a horrible place and nobody wants to go there and just even it out.
Right, and it's a dank.
Dark and dank and they got like a big smelly bathtub.
How many QAM?
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey George, did you ever get the scotch number for your set?
Yeah, yeah.
We're good.
How good do you get when you get into the zone?
I don't know.
Give it to all, man.
Yeah.
You're doing a great job feeling it for George.
Yeah, okay, great.
One of your people.
Yeah.
Really funny.
72 A.M. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes.
Sounds like your friend, another one of yours.
72 A.M. Hello.
Thank you Neil.
Please don't talk about that place anymore.
It's so good.
I don't want anybody to know about it.
Okay?
Okay.
A woman faces two counts of kidnapping in Martin'sburg West Virginia after allegedly paying two
boys for a long job with a fake $50 bill and then holding them hostage when they caught
on.
Tracey Lynn Clinton, 39, remained in the Eastern Regional Jail yesterday, where she's been
held on $12,000 bail since her arrest on Monday.
Police say she has no known address.
Well, who's long?
I say I guess they're worth any loan.
Martin'sburg Patrolman EC Nealey said Wednesday that hey, hey, I've speaking to Nealey.
How's Candyley doing?
Too farry.
Said Wednesday the victims were too slightly built boys.
They just 12 and 13 who told investigators that were terrorized by Clinton.
That's Tracey Lynn Clinton, not any other Clinton.
She allegedly screamed at them, threatened physical violence and exhibited bizarre behavior
that included publicly urinating on offense.
Okay?
That is a little bit bizarre.
Sure.
The boys told the police they'd been cutting lawns around Martin'sburg when they saw
Clinton sitting on a porch.
She offered to pay $30.
I got 30, man.
But she said she needed change for what turned out to be a fake $50 bill.
The boys did the job, but questioned the currency.
Clinton allegedly talked them into going with her to another location, then made them wait
for more than an hour and threatened to harm them if they tried to leave.
Nealey said Clinton punched one child in the back when he finally ran away, but neither
were we seriously injured.
If convicted Clinton could eat life in prison on the kidnapping charges, and as much as
a year in prison on the counterfeit bill charge, she also faces two kinds of hanging
gopher in court for unrelated incomes.
In other words, he's got a little bit of a little bit of a problem, crazy person.
Thank God she's not a drug dealer.
Oh, Anthony.
Oh, here's one for the poll.
I'll give you a clue.
Randy Freakin' Rhodes, it says.
Yeah, Freakin' Randy.
She's, uh, it's not a pretty sight.
Here's one from Mike.
It says that what's not politically correct to say, you know, that the Neocons are indifferent
to the 1800 plus dead in Iraq.
That is true.
To them, the number of dead, see, oh, don't forget their slogan, choose life.
Maybe.
You got to promote a culture laugh.
To them, the number of dead in contested other major wars is nothing.
It's a drop in the bucket.
So just, they probably think they're doing great.
Please use a couple of minutes or a segment to give us idiots.
The condensed laymen's terms version of the whole Israeli versus Palestinian thing.
Why the eviction?
Oh, geez.
Oh, it says actually that's more Georgians and won't maybe hold them.
Yeah, you do it.
Yeah, well thanks.
You know, you got that nice, very concise article on there that gathers a reality check
that you posted on the website.
Right.
And I don't want to talk about it.
Short and sweet.
No, I don't want to try it on the window.
The Arabs and the Jews hate each other like poison, okay?
That's it.
That's all you need to know.
The Jews hate the Arabs and the Arabs hate the Jews.
That's all you need to know.
And the Israelis and the Palestinians could get along just fine except for the fact that there's
a slice of both populations that are crazy, fanatic or religion is so key.
And both populations, they're crazy fanatics.
And of course, when you do know with crazy fundamentalist fanatics, let's get back to Neocons, Mike.
Anyway, Susan Sermand needs to be on the list.
She's average at best.
But we're not talking about average.
So you don't understand that.
Don't you?
I know.
Like, yeah, yeah, I do.
Or maybe Joyce DeWitt.
Who's Joyce DeWitt?
From Threes Company, the other one.
I don't want Threes Company.
He's still dead by the way.
Hey, John Ritter, you fairy.
Was that his show?
Yes it was.
In spite of the intolerance you do, please play Thai Tommy.
Now, see, here's a guy that wants to know about the Israelis and the Arabs while they hate each other.
How old?
I'm Tommy from Thai Tommy, saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, come on down to Thai Tommy or South East.
We know like black people.
They don't keep well.
Besides, why black people want to eat Thai food anyway?
We don't have fried chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait.
I forget.
We have spare ribs.
No, Ching, I saw.
What are spare ribs on menu?
Take out the top.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Thai Tommy.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people.
We know like them either.
Should they keep food?
But they talk too loud with funny lists.
They serve other customers.
No come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, ladded people.
You make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and explain your table.
We get to somewhere else already.
Ladded people are always lame.
No black, no gay, no ladded in Thai Tommy.
And Jewish people, you stop figuring all of them.
Who cares who have what?
Take away the anger.
Set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up the bill.
We know what you hear.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better than everybody else.
Come plain too much if we don't kiss your eyes.
You will not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no Latino, no gay.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to Thai Tommy, undefeast.
Hurry before we have to close.
This is Neil Rogers.
We got skis out there.
All your religionists that won't keep your own furry tails to yourself.
They're always trying to impose on everybody else and pointing at the finger.
They're not going to be any Arab living in my house.
Adam and Adam.
You know, all crazy people.
Yeah.
They're all part of it.
They're all part of it.
They're the cause of it.
Just like these people that continue to support the most corrupt institution on the face of the globe,
being the Catholic church, of course, without any doubt, make the Bush family look like a bunch of Sunday school preachers.
I'm sorry.
In Ramadi, more bad news from Iraq.
I think I like that.
It just doesn't stop.
And you notice how the media gives us a dictating of free pass.
Oh, the insurgency is in its death throws and everything is coming up roses.
They were even playing the song in the background.
Stephen Edy were singing everything is coming up roses.
How do you like them, apples?
In Ramadi, West of Baghdad, gunman open fire with a song.
The bell, rifles and rocket propelled grenades at a mosque where the governor of the province was meeting senior Sunni-Muslim clerics witnesses said adding that they were,
casualties.
We don't know how many yet, but there's a bunch of dead people.
North of Baghdad, four more US troops were killed today by a roadside bomb.
Raising the US debt told them more than 1860 since the war in Iraq began.
Insurgents appeared to have developed more powerful bombs.
These are the same insurgents that they were just all fallen apart.
That's right.
And kind of Alisa was lying about that.
Of course, that's her speciality like that thing with a mushroom cloud.
You're a liar.
You bitch.
You slut.
You skank.
You're furry.
In Surgeon Superior, and like they're going to put this show on X-Samon on Sirius, get Sirius.
See, they don't mind some guy and they're talking about body parts.
They're about, you know, sexual.
So that's fine.
But they don't want anybody under tone.
The truth, they want just fun and games is what they want.
So Norma can't, it wouldn't.
All the King's horses and all the King's men aren't going to give this show syndicated, including Greg Reed.
Oh yeah, we're working feverishly.
How come I'm not on the station in Vegas, Greg?
Huh?
You phony.
You liar.
You...
You furry.
Insurgents appear to have developed more powerful bombs, people will appear seeing newly armored US vehicles.
How do you like that?
For same insurgents like I just said moments ago, who are like, oh they're just about done.
They're finished.
They're going away.
See how they're put there?
They have to go get new bombs.
Yeah, we're recruiting for them.
We're not doing too good recruiting military at home because people don't want to be human sacrifice instead of going to be killed in it.
But at the same time we're doing a great job recruiting for Osama and every other terrorist lunatic organization in the world.
How are we dealing with Osama?
Got him yet?
No.
How about the ala Zarkawi?
No.
An ala...
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
OKY.
Auto род.
you are.
You know that was that was the stew goods doing a voice stew gots.
The missing leg serial.
The business partner business department note armors.
Here we are focusing on you.
demonstration near President Bush's ranch. The vigils were urged by our close
personal friend Cindy Sheen or is that she-han? Maybe that's the rhymes
would like Bill Freehan used to be the catcher for the Tigers. Remember Bill
Freehan, Josh? Of course not. Now, who's become the icon of the anti-war movement
since he started or protested August 6th in memory of her son Casey who died
in Iraq last year? She and Cecil Kamp outside Bush's ranch until his month-long
vacation ends or he meets with her and other grieving families. Don't hold
your breath Cindy. Vigils were playing from coast to coast yesterday according
to organizers liberal advocacy groups move on or political action true majority
and immigrant democracy for America a large vigil was also said at Paris's
peace wall a glass monument near the Eiffel Tower that says peace and 32
languages shall own as the sun set in Crawford about a hundred protesters
lived candles and placed them in plastic cups to shield them from the breeze
they gaffed around a wooden flag-raped coffin. Oh, maybe they can put that on display
in that Tampa at that museum. In Concord, New Hampshire that's conquered as
opposed to Concord, Michigan. Got it. Got it. In Concord, New Hampshire, about
150 people stood shoulder to shoulder yesterday outside of the state house
holding candles and signed supporting she in Karen Brass 50 brought a pink
votive cup. What is that? What's a votive cup? Decorative. I see. Shape-like flower
petals and a sign that reads moms for peace. My son is 26. It could have been
him she said for voice breaking. So, Frederick Casey, I don't think she said that
but that's probably what she was thinking. In other words, people always feel bad
about somebody else's tragedy but in the back of their mind they're thinking, well,
better you than me. Right. I mean, you know, it's not
nice to say that but it's true. It's exactly right. It's like when you go to a
woodbine and the people, you know, pretending, oh, come on, get a big one, you get a spin
and they're hoping you get like 20 and that you leave the machine and they can
go and grab up all your cash because they think it's a good machine, man. Yeah,
they pretend to be rooting for it. I mean, in time that they're all
falsies. They want to come in and throw in three bucks and get like, you know,
16,000. Some of you wouldn't be big. That really fries their end. Yeah. Limbaugh's
lawyer is speaking of big. Win ruling to fight questioning of doctors. See, it's
not all good news. Palm Beach County prosecutors wanted to ask what a
West Limbaugh's doctor is Tuesday morning about the radio host prescription
drug use for Limbaugh's attorneys won a last-minute court hearing that could
jeopardize the future of the investigation. Palm Beach County judge ruled
to do that unless you talk about this yesterday. Do you talk about this yesterday?
No, I did not. Oh, I don't want to waste anybody's time repeating the same crap
you put on. Palm Beach County judge ruled to did it. Prosecutors couldn't question
any of Limbaugh's doctors about first notifying Limbaugh. That would give Limbaugh's
lawyers a chance to fight the subpoena issued a question to the doctor and
raised privacy concerns before a judge. Limbaugh 54 of Palm Beach
whereas Peranto has not been charged with any crimes. He's been under investigation
for suspected doctor shopping but a beep but a beep but a beep. Palm Beach County
state attorneys office spokesman Michael Edminson would not comment on the
development and he spoke for Limbaugh attorney where black said black would not
comment so it's quite a stray nobody's nobody's saying nothing. Three-and-a-two
votes were almost halfway to our 700. We don't get 700 you're gonna see you're
gonna see some real action that Jackson babies they say Jackson and
Hurnace Raceway. House parents AOT doing and Whitey Anspaugh who's the
all-time obvious female celebrity radio TV or movies Sarah Bernhard 103
Rosio Donald 58 Rosanne Bar 33 CD a Cruz 28 CD a skyrocketed into fourth place
Barbara Streisand 24 Tammy Fe Baker 13 imaging Coca-13 Oprah's got nine
Vr through six for the silver five Tony fields five. How's Tony doing?
Betty Davis five hope a Goldberg has got a pair and look who else has got a
pair. Goddard that was figuratively speaking of course. Oh actually Randy
kind of looks like a guy. No comment. No I mean is that bad to say that? She looks
like a guy. Here's the fact that says with regards to the story about the
lady who paid the kids with a fake fifty dollar bill when you care to
explain how a woman is able to pee on offense just wondering.
You got a fratical acrobatic. I don't see why not. Maybe she was like a
hovering on it over it. Yeah maybe she had squatters rights maybe she was
squatting on it. I don't know. Jesus that's the most important thing you've got
to worry about. I have no right. Although it is a good point. I did wonder that
as I read it you know. Maybe like on an angle. Maybe you know what I'm under back.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he provides them a singular
wireless line. Let's talk about laytub for four hours today and get them all lined
up over there. I tried to find that Mike Mayer story online doing that couldn't
find it too far back I guess. And then also I guess Citilink also had something
in there because I did a little Google on laytub and Citilink must have also
given him a you know I can't help it that they don't want any more business all
right. If you got a good product like when it does branch out a little bit
right right people want it if it's good they want it. How dare you have
something so good like try to withhold it from the public out there. Well they
must have Zidians of people lined up. So we do need to find out. Do they really
do they stop selling the cheeseburgers? Maybe somebody from there who's close
to them. No, now somebody will know. Call it fast. Somebody will either know
where they'll just make it up and we'll pass it along. I am about that
Catherine Harris I heard she needs there. Where in the plane. The problem is past
11 at 560 WQAM one was the last time you really indulged yourself weeks ago
months ago even longer. Now I'm at prison sir to want you to indulge yourself
every night with service perfect night mattress line. Right now when you call
1 800 mattress you can save up to 900 bucks off the dollar mattress factory
direct prices. The perfect night features service highest coil counts,
finest quoting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort. The service
service for a limited time you're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels
of supplies last. The 1 800 mattress and get yourself delivered within any
to our window that you choose when it's convenient for you when your ass is
going to be home. Tenses are they have the mattress you want in the size and
comfort level you're looking for ready for same day delivery. The
amount of mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. I've been
using them for years as his George and Mo and Miguel and even anxious fat
boy. We're all satisfied customers and I guarantee you will be too. Just make
them one easy call. Don't put it off another day. If the old mattress is lumpy
and worn out call 1 800 mattress right now or log on to mattress.com. Call
today be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Call right now it's a toll-free
call 1 800 MATTRES. Leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous
saving. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 A.M.
Do call this big market radio. No.
I turned the knob on my radio. I heard a crappy song by JLo must be pale.
I pay pay pay pay all. If they put it on the air even though it sucks
because Sony paid them a thousand bucks a day. I pay pay pay pay all.
I pay pay pay pay all. I pay pay pay pay all.
Now every time you hear JLo sing someone's getting like a free-plane
and they make a record number one. They get a laptop, they're a Playstation
around the world. Most musical guy but I'm not surprised. That's a record guy.
He's pale. Big face, big face, pale. Big face, big face, pale.
I'm 18.5.62 A.M. In the National Examiner, boy it's good that I got these tablets.
You know I got some really good craft. You got to remind me I got out of the habit of doing that.
Right. Don't forget the tablet. It's in the tabloids. It's in there. Like late tub.
Maryland's sex secrets in her own words. Secret audio tapes release 43 years after
Maryland Monroe's death reveal sensational new details of her sex life and her
relationships with some of Hollywood's biggest stars all in her own words.
The screen legend makes a series of scandalous confessions such as how Joan Crawford
turned on her after they had lesbian fling and Maryland refused an encore performance.
I mean was there any doubt? You just you knew by those shoulder pads about Joan right?
Shockingly the some like at hot star also revealed she faked orgasms with all her Hollywood lovers
until a psychiatrist taught her how to climax. The previously unknown. Can we say climax?
Did you run it by death? Ah taught her how to put the context.
The previously unknown Maryland secrets are revealed in transcripts of tape recording she made for her psychiatrist Dr. Ralph
Greenson which have recently been on earth. The tapes recorded just a month before the
blonde bombshell's death August 5th 62 before a murder.
He had no indication that she was suicidal and took her own life as famous LA corner
Dr. Thomas Nuguchi concluded well he's full of it and the tapes Maryland says of these famous
characters Joan Crawford we went to Jones bedroom Crawford had a gigantic orgasm
and shrieked like a maniac. Next time I saw her she nodded another round.
I told her I didn't much enjoy doing it with a woman after I turned her down she became
spiteful and said some mean things about me. She wanted it. Clark Gabel in the kissing scenes I kissed
him with real affection. I didn't want to go to bed with him but I wanted him to know how
much I liked and appreciated him. When I came back from a day off the set he patted my ass
and told me if I didn't behave myself he gave me a good spanking. I looked him in the eye and said don't
tempt me. He burst out laughing so hard he was tearing. It was different when I got to know him
and then I wanted him to be my father. I wouldn't care if he spank me as long as he wanted
as he made up for it by hugging me and telling me I was dead he's a little girl and he loved me.
Of course that's a fantasy. Frank Sinatra what a wonderful friend he is to me.
I love Frank and he loves me says Maryland. It is not the mirroring kind of love it's better because
marriage can't destroy it. How well I know marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.
Joe DiMaggio. Well how come he wasn't on our that's right he wasn't a radio or TV or movies.
Boy you talk about ugly she always he made everybody she married but yeah was just gruesome.
Oh Joe D loves Maryland we're always will I love him and always will but Joe couldn't stay married to
Maryland or the famous movie star she said Joe has an image in suffered his
stubborn tagging head of a traditional tagging wife she had to be faithful to what he tells her to vote all
herself to him. Doctor you know that's not me says Maryland and Arthur Miller talk about ugly.
It's different with Arthur marrying him was my mistake not his he couldn't give me the attention once in
a fraction I need it's not in his nature Arthur never credited me with much intelligence.
He couldn't share his intellectual life with me as bed partners we were so so he wasn't that much
interested you know I think his little Jewish father had more genuine affection for me than Arthur did.
And on the subject of sex he says I would win overwhelmingly if the academy gave an Oscar for faking orgasms.
I've done some of my best acting convincing my partners I was in the throws of ecstasy after explaining
that therapy has helped her reach climax she said bless you doctor I never cried so hard as I did after my first orgasm.
I like that well and there's some old guys out there thinking yeah I know how you feel Maryland I never so
cried the cry so hard it's after my last orgasm. That's bad that's terrible by the way the o-word is definitely out.
I've been you part you keep using that o-word it's in a new story oh what do you mean that word is out.
You're full of crap yes I am orgasm is out my ass now you know something we've been playing you own apology to the Ramzis of sorry yeah you own apology because you have been playing that bit.
I'm sorry I'm sorry I was killed by my daddy
and my dad was the only one who did it.
So the examiner has a world exclusive so they say of course the tabloids always have a world exclusive did I say about Lee Tubby I didn't
know what about it this man murdered John Bane and there's a picture of Michael Helgoth but it's a high school photo of the Indian strange looking the twisted Sikko who exports believe murder tiny beauty queen John Bane Ramzis will never be brought to justice because he killed himself.
See the one thing about this is that Patty and John whatever his name Ramzis I still hate him yeah I can't stand them.
I just they give me spiel keys I can't handle looking at him I like the investigation discovered compelling to evidence and the examiner can now name the killer how do you like that oh my god he is Michael Helgoth a tattoo 26 year old salvage yard operator obsessed with young girls guns and violence what a combination sounds like the duks of hazard and top private investigators on a grand David Williams have worked the unsolved zombie murder also believe Helgoth had an accomplice who was still lurking out there he's out there just like full of sports.
He's out there somewhere 60 year old John Bane was found beaten strangled and molested in the basement of repair while we know that I ironically Helgoth apparently shot himself to death on Valentine's Day 97 the day after boulders history attorney Alex Hunter Asian to public statement designed to shake up John Bane's killer and flush him out into the open I want to say something to the person or persons who took this baby from us the list of suspects and narrows Hunter said soon there will be no one on the list but you message was put together by FBI experts specifically to put pressure on the killer making the story.
He's went and hopefully turned himself in what's that turning himself in he did himself in or maybe just did himself items that Helgoth suicide seen also point to him as the killer say sources police found a pair of high tech boots and an air tater stump gun in the house.
And it goes on about how he had the weird stuff he was fixated with young girls Barbie dolls guns and killing him routinely shot to the stray animals he decorated his body with grizzly tattoos one of the grim reaper with the word next and another of blood dripping skull.
It sounds like you're a starter to me you know you can have no tattoos so anyway there's the deal supposedly he did this it's a long story gone by the example of anything we're all about late pubs in Hollywood on Hollywood Beach and what a great fantastic cheeseburger do we ever get any verification are they still are they still serving them making them sell them no word yet why not all these people that are fashionist about late tub let's get an update okay let's find out we don't want to send people all the way over to the A1A in Hollywood I would abide by your Johnson Street and then have a
find out we're not making those anymore because we just got overwhelmed and we're just sick and tired of it when that be bad that would be like I said go over and find out for yourself then let us know 26 past 11 at 560 W.M. What's that schedule like today when we got the moment two
two four we got Marlon's on deck at the 6.3 net I saw the books here on ESPN last night. Holy son of pretty boring I'll send the ego at Florida 705 followed by the Ed Campland show I noticed that Barry Jack has took a little shot there
by way of Jack McKin and Kaplan you see that in the hair this morning Josh I did not what he said about about the
McKin having guys but runners over in the first inning and McKin says I don't tell them to bump they do that on their own it's not me okay so cut the crap Eddie
I noticed that the right way is using this broad hey man to fair to Schmier Sinti Sieni you know the Schmier and Schmier the queer thing yeah that's what they're doing and it's not going to work because all you're doing is preaching the same right
right wing eluintic nut jobs okay and sell outs like you miss fuck you fair meeting fairies my Tyson and I the nice allegations he struck a woman in Italy but I tell you four iron
Mike he sure got problems you know multi-problining we're gonna make our 700 votes say on the pool that would sure make me feel good about life
362 what do you say we're gonna get it well well over 400 by noon right right and then we got a shot is what I'm thinking
in fact a lot of you vote several times right and what's speaking of polls what was the end result did we ever get it
about that poll on Jimmy Cifalus and Joe Rose on the Sun Sentinel I guess we'll have to wait till tomorrow morning right
right and see if for Jim Surni graces us with a result of that poll or just like pretends like he always is
oh I just went away disappeared I don't know I don't know none what poll and that's because this is a guy who's
supposed to be a calmness who doesn't have any opinions of his own he has no opinion anyway getting back to iron
Mike your favorite Mike Tyson is denying charges that he grabbed a woman off an attacking dance floor
dragged her to her in his yacht and pummeled her when she refused to indulge in sex and drugs police
questions I said after we returned to his yacht summer wind after he just spent the night at this
go on the Italian island of panorhea oh when you go to panorhea we are eating the food air gives you
diarrhea just off the coast of Sicily Cecilia in the Mediterranean the former heavyweight champion
cooperated with officers he was more than happy to talk to police and invited the officers on board
saying he was a good boy and not a killer and Italian police officer told the Scotsman newspaper
he's a good boy now if you call him a good boy he'd like uh by yeah or have an issue or something
a magistrate is considering whether to bring charges Florence Botoli 33 a Cameroonian who lives in
Nice France a Cameroonian a police that she was dancing with friends at the billionaire night club
in sardinia august 6 when Tyson leisurely grabbed her Paris Hilton was it nearby table minus her fiance
but Tyson apparently didn't recognize her when she waved the lost stop on newspaper reported
I prefer La Quaria de La Sera myself uh do you know that a bunch of mobsters and uh
Vatican people I bought that newspaper years ago and uh so they could brainwash the public with
right wind crap then that was before the current owner here our Quaria de La Sera like I said I
just like saying it but totally alleged Tyson 39 brought out of the hundred foot yacht and
punched her when she refused to do drugs and have sex with him Tyson kept shouting at me until
his bodyguard told him to calm down and stop because he was going over the top which I think
is probably what had in mind she said a bodyguard man in fact maybe he was gonna pee on the fence
she said a bodyguard helped smuggle her off the yacht in a dinghy and she came in and
can we say that I'll look at the word I'll go ask and she went to the emergency room at old be a
hospital in Porto said of Ossadinia the incident was not made public until s sardinian paper broke
the news over the weekend the license lawyers license lawyers couldn't be reached as mangeur
didn't return for full four iron mic man just so misunderstood he does for black folks what these
farbicita young punk right wing what they're doing for Jews when he says a good perilla no I think
Mike's well that do it a much better job but he may not be good at least he's consistent let's
hear it for iron Mike I mean at least the settlers haven't eaten anyone that we know of not yet
although they did get a little p.o. and kill some more innocent Palestinians yesterday just you know
just a zealot Russia's long winner will be will just fly by well you're gonna like this to
rely okay Russia's long winner will just fly by for her depression cows which a newspaper
reported this week will be fed confiscated marijuana over the cold months drug workers said they
adopted the unusual form of animal husbandry after they were forced to destroy the sunflowers and
maize crops that the 40 tons of marijuana had been planted among his vestia daily reports there
are simply no other way out you see the fields are planted with feed crops and if we remove
remove it the casual have nothing to eat they fed or drug control service spokeswoman for the
year olds region of spardolsk spardolks whatever it is told the paper I don't know what the milk
will be like after this drug use in Russia took off with the clan of the Soviet Union police have
been fighting drugs muggers often shipping heroin from Afghanistan i poppy for years such large
large house are relatively common although they're normally burned not this time they're going to
feed them the cows so you know right drink your milk you're gonna be stowed off your ass how do you
like that sort beauty would be like a clock record first keep in mind that they got all in nuke
silly and around somewhere speaking of that an army intelligence officer said yesterday he
told members from the 9-11 commission that a secret military unit had identified two of the three
cells involved in the 2001 terrorist rights more than a year before the attacks lieutenant
Colonel Anthony Schaeffer who said he was associated with the able danger unit said that during
a 2003 meeting in Afghanistan he mentioned that the unit identified 9-11 ringleader Mohammed Ata
along with three other hijackers is terrorist suspects this is the little more on the
story that we had to do the commission is denied that aftaz name or the name of any future hijackers
are mentioned during the meeting three months later in January 2004 Schaeffer said he was back in
the USA and offered to follow up with the commission but his offer was declined i just walked away
shocked that they would kind of change their mind but i figured someone with equal or better knowledge
probably came and talked to them so they must have taken care of it Schaeffer said he said he was
told the commission obtained only two briefcase sides loads of documents from at least 15 plus boxes
of information on able danger lieutenant Colonel Chris Conway a Pentagon spokesman said yesterday
an investigation into able danger was underway and of course most people would know able danger from
Sid Abel am I right who absolutely absolutely by the way don't forget Mohawar David special hockey
show it's who this afternoon preview the panthers upcoming season is that what he's going to be doing
something like that and that guilty was really surly that bitch this morning but what was that all
about now he he's just like hot and cold he runs hot and cold at least mold
don't don't he's always cold you know he's always hostile and thin skinned and uh always at
least he's consistent i'll give him points for that nice going on don't don't don't don't
but with guilty it's like one day he's like your best buddy and he's sucking up and he's doing
a little bit chronic and then the next day man i hear my stuff i guess i'll i'll
oh boy just squeak your way to success guilty okay you can you got me to thank for your ass
not getting fired when they blew out the first team okay you heard it here for the 400th time
they were gonna blow you out of that building like you you wouldn't know what hit you
i said i'll see you the guys got a squeaky voice but he's got a wife and kid yeah see that's me
on the air are real bastard but you know under the under the uh skin a real old softly you know
so that's right that's true it's true i don't know why i'm so lucky you know 381 votes we got to get
to well over 400 by noon or we got some real tourists baby this is Neil Rogers this is by
her ex name vitamin x162ance
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do
it, do it, do it, do it, do it, it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, does it all? do it, do it
Well, the Doi Myster himself will be along with a duily honest hit.
I guess in honor of what's happening in Gaza strip, when you say, sure, that's appropriate.
Good news is they finally got an offer that all the, even the BBC finally got off that crap.
We've seen enough of those extremist lunatics and let me just say this is if there was any doubt, brainwashing really works.
Sure. Just take a look at those crazy kids there, brainwashing.
They're like flailing and they're wailing and they're crazy guys with the boxes on their head and the schmata.
The brainwashing really works. See, a brainwashing didn't work.
There wouldn't be any religion in them and we wouldn't have all these people killing, people killing each other.
Speak in a killing. See, I guess that must be out, out of touch really.
Because like all this business about the BTK killer, I still thought that the BTK had sent into a sandwich at a fast food joint.
That's right. Do you know anything about that? Did you ever hear the BTK killer before all this media hype started?
Oh, once before.
I never heard of it. I don't even know who he is or what it's all about or where it happened.
I don't care. There he is. I mean, that's what the media keeps, oh yeah, you better care because they just had the trial and he just got, I don't care.
Here's a couple more for the list. Bob and Fort Lauderdale suggest Kathy Bates.
And I thought of another good one that we could never leave off our list.
Somebody who said more face jobs and Carter's got pills. Yeah.
Joanne Rivers. Oh yeah. Man, talk about you, Glee. Man, she's the poster child for you, Glee.
With or without the face to lift. Man, Joanne.
So I did a little research there online. Thank God for the internet. Thank you, Al Gore.
And I looked up, I did a Google search on Laytub. I know they don't want to publish it. I'm definitely not recommending you go there.
Right. No. That's the fact.
1100 North Ocean Drive in Hollywood, average price 20 bucks, special features outdoor seating.
And then it's got some reviews from TripAdvisor. This is TripAdvisor as the website. Got it. Got it.
And Tampico, Mexico says burgers met expectations huge and juicy grill of perfection.
Chili was also great. Let's see. This is how a burger should be.
Says somebody from Voka. This place is overflowing with character.
Those who don't get it don't belong. The burger was incredible.
Voka, like that. Here's some member from Fort Lauderdale.
So they've been going to this place for years. Love the food, the view and the atmosphere.
Somebody in the member of Miami says, having sea icing. In fact, I printed that one out.
Oh, no, I think I got a spider bite. I'm not.
Oh, no. You're not.
Having seen the rating of Laytub as the best hamburgers in the area, we decided to go there with
friends to somebody in Miami. The place looked funky but nice. And then the horror show started.
We waited 15 minutes for our drinks. Then we were told it was shift chain and our waitress could
not take our order for dinner. We waited another 15 minutes and told that we couldn't order till 7 p.m.
15 minutes later, we finally got a waitress on the new shift and we're told that it would take
from an hour to an hour and a half to get our order. When we complained, we were told it was bad
timing. We left and went down the street to Capone's Flickr Life where the food and service were
great. How do you like that? All right. So see, there's a negative. Here's a member in North
Miami Beach who says, try the seafood salad and seafood gumbo. It is delicious. We go to
a tub out of regular braces. If I can't get the seafood salad, I don't want anything else. Try it.
You'll like it. Here's somebody in Fort Lauderdale says, a cute place with an atmosphere that is
very cool. Have a few drinks and watch sunset on the intercoastle where you're probably better
off going elsewhere for food. Service can be downright horrible, so save your food money for more
enjoyable dish. Although the burgers are good, it's 99% bar and 1% grill. So maybe they did do this
continue the burgers because maybe just got to be a pain in the grass. Maybe. Here's one in
the Miami Lakes. It says, I'm not a tourist. I live in South Florida. They tell me it's one of the
coolest places to enjoy a great meal and a margarita. How do you like that? It's a little hold on the
wall hidden away behind vegetation. The restaurant is located on the intercoastle. So you have a beautiful
view of the boats and the sunsets. Many of the tables are situated on a wooden walkway right on the
water. So you can feed the fish from your table. Yeah. Do you understand that? Feed the fish from
your table? No, it's just feed the fist. Oh, sure that's a type of fish. Sounds fishy to me.
Late tub serve is basic good food. My favorite is the burgers, chili, fish,
and nachos. Wonderful, a key lime pie. The staff are just a cherry on the top of the dining
experience at late tub is what that guy says. So you know, all the pans it's like everything else
alive. It's timing. When you went there, how long you had to wait? Whether they had anybody working
out all of these things. How many QAAM? Hello? Hey, how you doing? I've had one for Neil. Yeah.
Oh, good morning, Neil. How are you? Good. But, um, Belkies, Narei.
Schokies, Narei. She's grotesque. She is grotesque. Okay, thank you. Have a good time.
It's big on a channel seven. What's that woman doing with a bitch with a cat eyes? What's her
cinnamon stofr? Maryland, Nitsl. Oh, Maryland, Nitsl. And also cinnamon stofr, although I do like
her frozen peppers. You're gonna have to have green peppers stuffed peppers like jalapeno peppers?
No, it's the big, the big get out of here with like, oh, brother, stuffed green peppers,
stuffed green peppers. Yeah. Beef, man. Sure. Yummy. Love those stuffed cabbages.
Oh, here may be the winner, Greta van Sustorin. Oh, yeah. And, speaking of that, how soon I forget,
you know, I give you like a little audio as to Wells Bologna's on there. She was on one of our
polls the other day. That's pretty graphic stuff. This is the dentist rater. Basically naked, right?
Hanging up, died down. Yeah. You ought to be naked hanging up. That's a horrible thought. Just
hanging upside down. Rita. Rita Cosby on MSNBC is they've reached the bottom. Get her ass on her.
She is grotesque and Greta van Sustorin. I don't think she's a hottie. But then he got hit
in the head so many times playing football. What does he know? He can't see well. I always saw.
I guess he wasn't playing football when he got married because he saw pretty good there.
But nevertheless, Ellis Henneken in Newsday writes, now you've been hearing all the stuff about
the president about his reading material this summer. They've been trying to pass him off as
like some kind of an intellectual. Like, uh, Abu Gharra. Yeah, right. Yeah, I'm convinced.
Did you see that? No. Oh, yeah, they've had that surround regular. Now more part of the propaganda
that CNN more just gleefully passes along. So Ellis Henneken writes, Bush, a bookworm,
Bush, take it with a grain of salt because one of the books he's supposedly reading is salt.
Come on. What is George Bush really reading this summer at the ranch? And don't say
Middle East for dummies or where's Waldo? Those WMDs have to be here somewhere or duck for
president of Bridged. The White House is trying to put an end to Bush Jad just like those,
which is why Bush's people just put out that official presidential summer reading list,
three smart guy books supposedly being devoured by a man who almost never gets accused of excessive
vocationists. Alexander the second, the last rates are by Edvard Brzynski, the great influenza,
the epics story of the deadliest plague in history by John Ambiri, and salt, a world history by
Mark Kohlanski. That's some presidential reading, huh? There we say a downright Clintonesque.
Obviously, we're a long way from car and driver magazine. Quite a distance from those
kinky Friedman Texas mystery vegouts. This is clearly not what is known in New York publishing
circles as your typical loan star ranch read. Heck, any one of those titles would rank as a high
fallout in this August on Georgia, Japan and Bush's hunkered down and Crawford pouring through all three.
So the White House told the LA Times generating the big Bush read scoop. These are the other
kinds of books that serious world leaders are supposed to read. Heavy on history, be speaking in
intense intellectual curiosity and long, definitely long at 480, 446 and 484 pages. Okay,
not as long as the New Harry Potter, but pretty darn long, especially for President of the
League five weeks vacation, a lot of brush to clear. But there is one question bubbling like a
tense cent pot boiler in the Texas dry air. A question that a single slow news day is made
impossible to ignore. Is George W. Bush actually reading any of these big brainbusters?
Oh, or are they just, you know, sitting there? There is a difference as every American sixth
grader knows between the books on the summer reading list and the books that actually get read.
And Bush is lucky here in one crucial way the American presidency is far more forgiving than sixth
grade. There are no pop quizzes for presidents and no tedious book reports. Just official White House
spokesman passing out eye popping book titles to the press. So for now at least we'll have to take
the president's people at their word. Either that or turn to whatever it is available and speculate.
Perhaps there's a reason no one ever referred to George W. Bush as America's first bookworm.
Could the reason really be were we never told what was stacked on his bedside table?
Believe it if you want to. It's a grander political literary issue I'm focused on.
Who exactly is Bush trying to kid? A man who still can't pronounce nuclear. A man who thinks
misunderestimated an English verb. A man who wants to go about the C students at Yale graduation
and declared encouragingly. You two can be president of the United States. This man wants a
America to believe he's reading a densely researched history of the troubled reign of the Tsar,
who ruled Russia from 1855 to 1881, translated from the original Russian. Without a bunch of
pictures to light in the literary load life is full of surprises isn't it? Some people might say
it's a sign of intellectual insecurity for president to align himself with such a rainy reading list.
Ronald Reagan's people never did that. No literary errors for the great communicator. We so
need to pretend he was scouring heavyweight tomes. When asked about his reading habits he mentioned
Tom Clancy's the Huffa Red October and readers digest magazine. Now that's communicating.
But of course it's always a mistake to accuse George W. Bush of being dumb. Whatever his real
reading habits might say about him. People who say he's dumb almost always regret it. This is a man
after all who somehow managed to get himself elected president twice, well at least once.
And looking back how much did the brainiac vote help carry in Gore? There has to be a book there.
There's somewhere. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.6.2.8.
Listen to Jamie. I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and recite my balls while listening to the
Neil Rogers welcome one hour. Okay. The makers of rock star in excess. And all you the girl
is another unwatchable reality show looking to replace a deadly singer. Mark Bernan
brings 15 and a best undiscovered talent from around the world to New York City.
The opportunity of a lifetime. Bravo for the end.
The two remaining living members of the group are making a comeback. Here's Genesis guitars
from my brother. It was your I completely awful rock when he died. I mean I couldn't get over it.
I'm not dead. When I heard the news I was like dead mistake. Right here the Charlie Brown looking
guy. It was crushing. Here's Genesis keyboard player Tony Banks. What was bleak bleak
was brought by the whole thing. I can't even remember the funeral. There was no funeral.
I see you guys. It was just all down here. All drug and alcohol and I was so upset.
What's wrong with you guys. I'm right here. I'm not dead. Here's your chance to replace the late
great filled cowards. Late great watch. Pop star Genesis from Mark Bernan. Why are you doing this to me?
You're dead. No, not. I'm not dead. No you're dead. We could not show up if you were dead.
I'm a guy. I don't need that. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Step on him. It's a 1202 or 560 WC.
We got 418 votes on him. We're gonna make 700 a day. I'm telling you I can smell it.
Man. Can I smell it? Are you sure you're smelling that? Frank says one of the greatest moments in
News Media history was the night of the runaway bride turning up in New Mexico. I woke up in the
middle of the night to see the breaking news that she was found alive. I breathed the sigh
relief like everybody else. Oh, thank God. But watching Greta was making me sick because she was
doing what our news media seems to be doing a lot lately. Pushing God down our throat is the
savior of the runaway bride. The great moment was reported after an hour of constant God this and
God that it came to a sudden of halt when the truth was reported. So God must have saved all those
people on the air France plane that went off the runaway here at Pearson Airport. That must have
been God doing it. But God don't like them Greeks. So when they had that little problem over there,
they all like they ran out of air and out of oxygen. God could easily like put a little hole
on the side of the plane so that the air could get in. Well, they looked at them Greek Orthodox.
Oh, I know. He don't like them at all. He don't like them smelt as they were. Very bad dresses.
Now, here's the fact that it says, oh, it's about late tub. What's that?
Late tub could be eaten. We need late dump. Oh, no. Well, this is good. They probably sent
themselves to discourage anybody from going there. They're probably just overwhelmed. It says,
it sucks. Dirty hot, surly no parking, nasty, service of any. Slow average food at best. The
last time I was there I threatened to feed the waiter to the fish. He sleeps with the fishes now.
Just like Luca Brasi is one of those places that think it's cute to abuse their customers. Oh,
kind of like the rascal house. They definitely had that if you don't like it, get lost mentality.
Never ever again. It's perfect for mass, massacrific suits. PSI've been there by boat and by land.
They're equal opportunity a hole. Oh, boy. How do you like that? When you come by boat or by land?
I'll throw it out of the sky. Maybe you can do like a skydive like that, broad and Wyoming once.
Ooh. Is rainy troops storm the synagogue? See, they're taking up all this news like this is
really big stuff all the time with this new so-called news because now we don't have to talk about
what's happening in Iraq and all the dead people. That's right. And the murder and bloodshed
and about Carl Rove and Valerie Plame and about all that stuff, all I abled danger with all these
things. I have to crack about that because we can keep showing this. Oh, look at those
Israeli troops. Look at those crazy Jews. I got through a very difficult time and the protest.
I wonder if the BPC is that's fixated with this crap, you think? Outside that door.
This is a court struggle here. There were others in the synagogue, the base inside the synagogue
that have already been evacuated in a moment. I wonder if you see if the BPC is a-
I'm sussing over this crap, huh? Yes, they got the BPC on there because CBC is on strike.
Do you know that? No, I did not. Well, that's why they're not doing their own news right now.
We're seriously would be so they got the same BPC on there, but better audio.
The Carl Rove settlement or have some come from other settlements even in the West Bank?
Yes. Oh, and if you think this is exciting, just wait. This is just child play. What's going on
there now? Oh, yeah. Anybody count your kosher chickens before they lay a big one? Just wait
until they start to try to disband the settlements in the West Bank and host Jerusalem. Then
they're going to be shrine and crying. Then you're going to see some real heavy duty crap.
But nevertheless, brainwashed, sad, pathetic. You know, some of these people could be nice people.
They need to be deprogrammed. Some of these is- most of these people are kids, they're pumped
out. They need to be deprogrammed. Maybe they could have a real life ahead of them.
Send them to Brooklyn so they can show rocks at the conservative Jews.
Michael Jackson find for a mist hearing. Oh, he's got more tourists, baby.
And I rate judge in New Orleans, Smith by Michael Jackson's favor to have his lawyer show
for a hearing in a civil case, find the singer $10,000 yesterday. Jackson was a no-show and had no
lawyer president at his lie hearing in the case accusing him of sexually assaulting an 18-year-old
man during the 1984 World Spare Jackson that dies the accusations. Jackson attorney Charles F.
Gay Jr. that Charles F. Gay Jr. told US District Judge Eldon Fallon. I wonder if he's
for the court date was lost in the confusion of Jackson's Channel Station trial in California.
The sentence for the New Orleans Court appearance arrived on June 13, the day that the jury
acquitted Jackson even though there was two on a seller books. I would like to point out that
June 13 was probably the most anxious day of Michael Jackson's life. Gay said,
Gay told the judge that during the trial Jackson was not eating or sleeping and was worried about
his and his children's futures. The order of June 13 did not get in the proper people's hands because
of the chaos in Michael Jackson's life. Gay said. The judge said he did not feel it was
appropriate to find Jackson for contempt but said he was not sold on gates. Excuse either,
so he levied other fines related to court costs. It strains my understanding of the facts that
Mr. Jackson didn't know this matter Fallon said. In the federal civil lawsuit Joseph Thomas
Bartucci Jr. Coochie Coochie, let's molest Bartucci, claims he was learned in Jackson's limousine
by one of the singers and boys in 1984 held against his will for days and sexually assaulted
Bartucci claims he repressed the memories until 2003 when he saw the coverage of the
child molestation charges against Jackson. Bartucci is seeking unspressedified monetary
compensation from Jackson on a variety of claims such as emotional distress. Bartucci's attorney
William A. Pig, being a gay and pig, said he was with two G's, said he'll push for an early
trial date. My kind has been under a great deal of stress. Pig said he's been the victim of
character assassination. This is kind of like starting to remind me of animal farm by George
Orwell now. Even the pigs are talking. Jackson's lawyer, that's the case, we'll go to trial.
There is a one year statute of limitations from the time Bartucci claims he regained his memory.
But gay, I'm sorry, but gay, said Bartucci allegedly discussed the allegations with his wife in
the 1990s. So you believe whoever you want. All the people are liars. They're just all looking for
money, right? No, right. Not that's not what those two jurors said. They want you to buy their book.
426 votes. We're not going to make it, dammit. You better lean on that poll. Real heavy duty,
Josh. We're not going to make it. And then then they're going to get that all music.
And the best part of it is we got all those old QM Jingles too, you know. Yeah, we piece a cake.
428 votes on the poll. Who is the all time ugliest female celebrity radio TV or the movies.
And we got Sandra Bernhard 133 votes. Rosie O'Donnell 66. Syria cruises moving to the third place.
Nice go and see you. You go boy. A girl 57. Roseanne bar 35. Barbara Streisand 31.
Wopey Goldberg 26. Tammy Fevaker 21. Imaging coca's got 14. Phyllis Dillor 11. Oprah 10.
V. Arthur 9. 20. Fields 5. Benny Davis 5. Randy Rhodes. The goddess. What?
Has four. She's got two pair. Oh, I believe that.
Yeah. Kathy Bates one. And so far none for Rita Cosby.
Greta Van Suster. And Spilke's Nere or Joan Rivers. Joan Rivers has no votes. Now, why
would that be? She's a Pike or compared to some of these people. She's a tiger. Are you
start with an anti-Semitic stuff again? Yeah. Now, let me just say Rita Cosby,
maybe you need to have your memory refreshed picture that we're going to show here for the
first time. I've Dennis Raider. Pretty graphic stuff. This is actually Dennis Raider.
Basically naked, right? Hanging upside down. Okay. Casey, I don't know who he's the BTK
sandwich guy. This is he took one of the corpses to church. And that's a good place for where
you have to be a stiff to be in church to be that foolish. Stop subsidizing these petafiles and
lunatics and the peddlers of garbage. Okay. These liars or or not, you won't do it. Diversity
panel faces hiatus. Well, this is great from the Harold. In the wake of the bruising, embarrassing fight
over the we are a family video, the Broward School Board will likely temporarily dispatch
diversity committee next week while it brings storms ways to get the controversial panel on track.
As they say in China, Dothos Xavier Lothoncope, okay? Now, what they say in China? Every day.
Board members are tired of the bad publicity the committee is brought, but some community leaders
are concerned. The school board will derail the panel's principal task of monitoring and
equity lawsuit settlement. This will push us back months at Bill Retinger, the diversity committee
chairperson. He said the committee is currently conducting site visits to schools, making sure
that buildings are safe and clean. There were a lot of good people on the committee and they're
working hard, Retinger said. The diversity committee was tasked five years ago with monitoring
the district's compliance with the lawsuit settlement. Citizens concerned for our children
had filed a sue to ensure equity between predominantly black schools and white schools. The school
activists and CCC member Marty Furtig, I'm not sure how they're going to get it out on time.
Board members wanted to vote Tuesday and whether this is off the panel for two months, but
school board attorney Bob DiGnola said any vote needs to be advertised to the public. Many board
members were disgusted by comments made during the committee's discussion of the video, which
features popular cartoon characters teaching tolerance. The diversity committee rejected using
the video in schools as did a screening panel created by Superintendent Frank Till.
Former committee member Steve Kane, a conservative self-hating radio taught show host,
Carl Gay activist, devious, devious people. Mr. Hummalfold, and its August third meeting,
the school board reaffirmed its policies to her tolerance and diversity and distance itself
from comments made by some committee members. I'm tired of this board being labeled as big
it said board member Marine didn't in Tuesday. I don't want this committee to meet again until we
have a workshop on it. Oh, let's have a workshop. What do you say? All right, I'll bring the tools.
The board of schedule meeting again in September to discuss ways to revamp the panel. Two
days this in the schedule of what was meant was cheers by gay activists who said some members of
the panel have violated the school district's own policy concerning tolerance, which for
her hivots discrimination on a number of characteristics, including sexual orientation. You fairy.
Kane stepped down last week saying he didn't want his presence on the board to become a distraction.
Right. School board member Marty Rubenstein who appointed Kane two years ago, sadly,
said last month he removed came from the panel, but they didn't. Some activists said the board
needs the part to remove any member of any committee via a majority vote. Rubenstein didn't
speak it to his meeting with a seven-to-half-year-old. The president is a valuable member because he
cares deeply about equity issues and has adopted 75 black children. Melissa Foto of the dolphins
Democrats blasted Rubenstein for not taking Kane off the panel saying he's a puppet for a bigger
agenda. Board Chairwoman Stephanie Crabson, she's not sure how the board plans to ensure
committee members respect district policy. Oh, very sad. Very sad, Mr. Evel, Mr. Homo Fobot,
and there's just a lot of people wasting a lot of time. It's basically what it's all about.
Now, there's no confusence with the real picture. The real task at hand here. Let's just get
all bogged down. In fact, we got some bigots on the committee, some homophobic. 12, 14 and 5,
60. Maybe Steve is still suffering angst over his previous homosexual experiences. They always
used to rave about and brag about when he was when he was, you know, his other persona was on
here. Mr. Prover. Now he's Mr. Born again. Goody Tushes, right wing. You know, for years, Armstrong
Ford home set is always treated to everybody like family. They want to extend it off for to you
to join their family. Ford nationally is extended their Ford family plan offered through September
the 6th and right now at Armstrong Ford home set, you can get the same grade pricing that every Ford
motor company employee and their families be getting. Not only did you get employee family pricing,
but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program. And for a
limited time with any new car purchase, you get a color TV free. So what a combination. This is
what could you be waiting for? Pick up that phone right now call 305 247 51 12 and ask for David
rich. You won't get a better deal on the Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No
phone. He deals and this fantastic offer is only available to Armstrong Ford home set where
they always treat you like family. Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by
President General manager David Rich says bring your family to meet our family. Armstrong
Ford home state, US one in southwest 307 street 20 minutes out to the 836. You won't get a
better deal on a Ford any place else in town. Well, but Greg's life on it. Check it on the web.
Armstrong cars about coming and give David a call 305 247 51 12 and ask all about the Ford
family plan today. Drive a little and save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars at Armstrong
Ford of homestead. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 AF.
Hello, Jenny. I just lost 15 pounds just 75 to go.
Cursey Ali. How do you know it's me to be a call ID?
Better put that battery in the down.
And it went from a TV.
School.
I'll sell friends.
Let's go, let's break open the skirt
Actually not a little skirt
It's a torn feeling
Sexy isn't it?
I see what's the feeling
Have a hidden feeling
Go, go, go, just ignore
Take you, let us stop eating
All that rock who keep going
Go, go, just ignore
Corgi, go
Make sure you think it's time
And you'll love your little girl
Corgi, go, just ignore
You'll find case
Corgi, go, we're real good boy
And we don't care how much you owe
Corgi, go, go, go
Corgi, I'll miss your baby
And then step down
Rack them
Corgi, go, go, pretty girl
And you got that all over six
Oh yeah, she's real sexy man
Just like an old squash watermelon
Yeah, anyway, Pat, the disgusting, crusty alley is
Somebody says in the facts, let's get her that bitch on there right away
And it says what the hell kind of a name is crusty anyway
I need like a pig to if I were stuck with that name
Good point, maybe it's the name game
Maybe that's the problem
Who's the name game?
We better play that one of these days soon like today
Okay
The Obonic's name game
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices
Before I do that, though, we got 455 votes
We need to get realistic rate of 550 by 1 o'clock
Want to have a shot at 700?
When you say that Josh?
Yeah
You're paying no attention
Now you got to have a tight fit in crusty alley
Come down
Just relax, boy, he hostile man on man
Go around
Holy cow, talk about hostile
Brother, wait till you see where the decimal point is on that next check
In fact, when you open the envelope
Oh, gee, that thing must have fallen out
Let's let's let's let's
Yeah
455 votes, we got to get to 550 by 1
457, so let's see, 43
We need about 90 some votes by 1
We can do it
There's the Gaza withdrawal
There's still a lot of soldiers on the roof, the soldiers
Of goods and people in and out of the gun
Best drag their asses out of there
They never lived there in the first place
There's a bunch of outsider, Ojohn Prabhakatora
Okay, in Florida we had Ojohn Prabhakatora Goim
And then they got Ojohn Prabhakatora Jews
Yilaf
Right wing brainwashed punks
I'm not gonna leave, man, God
My favorite though, an old Getski's
With holding the Torah and the holy tablets
Shlip and those out
Oh, it's all fixed with the Torah
Wow
Anyway, thank you for those low gas prices, Mr. President
What a bargoon
Gasoline prices at another high today for their 6th-ray record-breaking day
Oh, yeah
According to Travel Club Triple A's Daily Fuel Gage report
See, and if anybody doesn't believe that this is gonna like trash the economy
Just like it didn't 73 were made in the air of oil and bargur
They're dreaming, man
They're dreaming because every single thing from the food you eat that has to be transported
And the airlines, Delphinon, says they make you a belly-up producer
And they have to go bankrupt
Yeah
One thing you won't have to worry about fear of flying anymore
Because there won't be anybody flying the way it's going
The Nationwide average price for a gallon of regular on-lit
It hit 258.5
2.586
Up about 2 cents from the previous day
That's the best part of the deal is it's going up every day
In the last year, prices have gained almost 72 cents
Or almost 39 percent
72 cents in less than a year
While the average price for a gallon of gas is close to 260 gallon
President have jumped past $3 in some individual cities and towns
And here in Canada it's like a buckle-lea over a buckle-lea which is like four bucks a gallon, eh?
The average price for a gallon of regular on-lit is highest in California at almost 279
And lowest in Wyoming at 242 but then who the hell wants to go to Wyoming?
Who in the right mind will want to go there?
Except maybe your vice president
And his bulldy-
You fairy
And his VS wife
Why don't you still write in those steamy bulldy-like novels, you think?
Let's hope
56670560, pound-fobble, I sure have a lot of stuff here including all that
Ooh, tabloid, what?
I like stuff
Yeah, but you do, that's what I heard
Aging chickens plucked from the jaws of death
And guess what?
I never dreamed I'd find another story from Vacuville, California, isn't that where Cindy is from?
Vacuville?
Yeah
Cindy Sheen, that's where she's from
I know I did
Well, yeah, yeah you did, you just weren't paying any attention to that
More than, what is that?
Like her life story or anything, I'm following the protest
But more than 700 aging chickens have been plucked from the jaws of death
A Vacuville animal sanctuary in several human societies
Saved the old cluckers from slaughter after the new owner of a former egg farm reported not knowing what to do with the birds
He inadvertently purchased along with the property
Let's go to summarize Lake and say those old cluckers
Oh, I forgot to mention about what's going to be going on in Boken next week
Inspired by what's happening in Gaza right now
Certain groups in Boken decided that they're going to like forcibly come in and drag all the Jews out of Boken
Taking back to Miami Beach all the old Jews
Rescuers hoped to find good homes for the hands which are past their egg laying primes
This is the first rescue of this magnitude
I'm aware of California said Cindy Machado, animal service director for the marine human society
What if she's came to Gus Machado, are you think?
Sure
The developer who purchased the Vacuville land and used the house in the farm contacted the groups to see if they could find homes for the healthiest chickens
The new owner was just made to learn that the chickens were still roosting there and planned to kill most of them
While the hundreds of hands spared death is a
Paltry compared with the number of scrawny white leghorn chickens routinely slaughtered once they start producing eggs
The rescue groups were happy to have saved some
Most of the birds never seen sunlight but they're expected to adjust to like away from the farm
They've never seen a they were born incubators put in cages about double the size of the floor space of a record album
I don't like that
Poor poor chicken and you're eating that chicken
Yeah
Are you really all the time?
Just wait till that avion flu starts getting to South Florida just wait till that I don't think you're gonna be eating too much poultry then I could be wrong with that okay
Stick with that bratwurst man
I went out and bought me a bunch of sliced mushrooms yesterday and onions
Slice up what I do is I cook my bratwurst on my flavor wave deluxe
Mm-hmm
And then I heat up with some olive oil my mushrooms and onions
Put a little bit of that low carb sauce on it that pasta sauce and I slice up my bratwurst after it's cooked
And put that all in the fried pan and sort that all around and heat it up man that is just outstanding
See today is recommended something they fattening like that damn ice cream he's always raven about like hogging does banana nut
And that the stuff that Miguel was raven about again the cold stone creamery you'll be cold and stoned all right after you eat that
Not in that order
It's great stuff
Yeah you'll have a tombstone that's one of my favorite names for a product like tombstone pizza
Yeah
There's a little a little message in there
27 past noon at 560 WQM on the Mojauer day they did it in a warm up show
When was the last time you really indulged yourself which ago months ago even longer
Thalamakris and Cerdor want you to indulge yourself every night with Cerdor's perfect dyed mattress line
Right now when you call 1-800 mattress you can save up to 900 bucks off the dial a factory a mattress prices
You know what I just said
The perfect night feature is Cerdor don't say it again
The perfect night feature is Cerdor's highest coil counts finest clothing and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort
And the Cerdor's service for a limited time you're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels
What supplies last just call 1-800 mattress they still give you that same deal to our window
That you pick between noon and 2 for delivery and they show up on time 1-3-2-4 whenever you want
Chances are they have the mattress in the size and comfort level you're looking for ready for same day delivery if you call right now
Thalamakris ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction which is why I've used them for years and so is George and Mo and Miguel
And even disgusting fat boy you'll be a satisfied customer in Agarantia
I'll put you fat boys life on it don't put it off another minute called Thalamakris right now
1-800 mattress or do your shopping on their website mattress.com
Call today be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1-800-MATTRES
Leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous sensational saving
This is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
Start bombing back dead
I want to do it every day
Absolutely
I want to watch it on TV
Iraq Iraq
We love to lose
It should take a day
Let us just put a man to it
Iraq Iraq
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist
Put in the air and tell that Saddam Hussein
We're really pissed you're under my skin that little piece of shit
They get away
I'll hit the mark of big a hit from all of you
I hope Tom has got that to go off that now
We all know it's time to bomb
Iraq Iraq
Iraq Iraq Iraq Iraq
I want to wake up and see their cities or won't arouse them
Fix this攻擊
God for the heat, we can be dear, but can we have one?
Stop bombing our world, I will not stop saying,
Let's make your heart a lot of mist, that old heartbreak.
And when all the thorns are there, I'll do a show with that chick's chair and say goodbye.
I will rock it, I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it, I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it, I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
I will rock it.
So slow
So slow
I'll be jacked up on the stout in service, I'll be ready to pray
I'll be standing now, my girlfriend's gonna be up there in the choir now
She'll be singing away, sing to her you shall
Yeah, it's fine, fine, it's fine, you're down and standing now
It's fine, you're shining, it's fine, fine, fine, you're shining
Yeah, it's fine, fine, fine, it's fine, you're shining, you're shining
Oh, wow
FBI
We got this solution maybe right on the right side.
Give it to me on Marge's dot com.
When you're voting on our poll, the uses of all of the 700,
I would take a peek on top there.
I forgot to mention that new picture today.
That's maybe one of the best of all time.
Middle East solution.
And there's your fearless leader with with their health,
Sharon and Mahmoud Abbas.
And they're like sitting around and bushes handed to me.
A sick shooter, which you'd expect from W, right?
Sure.
And he says here you two a whole shoot it out.
I'm tired of effing with you.
It's a beautiful thing.
I think that's that's it.
Kevin, I always said that.
Let them all kill each other and let's move on with life.
Let them keep arguing all three of factions.
The Christians and the Jews and the Muslims.
Oh, what at the piece of desert there?
Casa Hues, that's my, you know, if you want to kill each other great.
Good religiously.
Yeah, leave us out of it.
Just leave us alone and quit forcedness to pay all this 18 bucks a gallon for gas pretty soon, huh?
Have to take a mortgage out on you.
You pull up to the tech and you got to go probably the guy from Dietek will be there.
That guy lost that alone to Dietek.
He'll be sitting there right in the right and right in the second mortgage.
You can fill up your SUV.
533.
You see Josh Cornish didn't think we could make it to Senator votes today because he just doesn't care enough.
He's still used to sitting back with us boring guys up in a Marlin game.
You know, uh, uh, Marlins won the World Series.
You know, come on, come on crowd.
Too many coma people in South Florida on the air doing sports, doing talk, doing everything.
Boring people.
There's nothing in the world worse than boring.
Got it?
That boring, like Dave Van and Rich Walsh.
Oh my, he's like a male reader, Cosby with a better voice and not much.
Where are all these people with these bad voices coming from?
Moring down had a great, see I don't have time for calls right now.
I know that breaks your heart.
Yeah, I'm weeping.
Well, no, because I've got, I've got a humongue.
I didn't realize I had such a big pile.
Well, get into it.
Yeah, hop on it.
Moring down had a great calm that we had on our website.
Did I remember that biking toward nowhere?
Was that yesterday, Josh?
Yes.
Were you going, did you read this on the air?
Yeah, well, no, I didn't read it on the air.
Oh, you did read it.
Well, I got a tremendous readership from our audience and I figured, well, maybe somebody might want to hear.
Cosby love Moring down.
She's great.
Little week on TV, but she's great.
You know, she's a calmness.
She's not supposed to be a TV celebrity.
Moring says, how could President Bush be converting around on a long vacation with American troops struggling with a spiral in crisis in Iraq?
Wasn't he worried that his vacation activities might send a frivolous signal at a time when he had put so many young Americans in harm's way?
I'm determined that life goes on, Mr. Bush said stubbornly.
That wasn't a son, believe it or not.
It was the father, 15 years ago.
I was in K-Bunkport, Maine, then, to cover the President Bush's frenetic attempts to relax while reporters were pressing him about how he could be taking a month to play around when he had started sending American troops to the Persian Gulf only three days before.
On Saturday, the current President Bush was pressed about how he could be taking five weeks to ride bikes and an app and fish and clear brush, even though his occupation of Iraq had become a fiasco.
I think it's also important for me to go on with my life, Governor.
You said to keep a balanced life.
Pressed about how he could ride his bike while refusing to see a grieving mom of a dead soldier who's camped outside his ranch he had it, so I'm mindful of what goes on around me.
On the other hand, I'm also mindful that I've got a life to live and will do so.
Ah, the insensitivity of reporters who ask the President Bush's how they can expect to deal with Middle East fighting while they're off fishing.
The first President Bush told us that he kept a telephone in his golf cart and his cigarette boats so we could easily stay on top of Son of his invasion of Kuwait.
But at least he seemed worried that he was sending the wrong signal as his voting and golfing was just deposed on the news with footage of the frightened families of troops leaving for the Middle East.
I just don't like taking questions on serious matters and my vacation, the usually good nature Bush senior barked at reporters on the golf course.
So I hope you'll understand if, if one I'm recreating, I will recreat.
His hot tempered oldest son who was golfing with his father that day was even more irritated.
Hey, hey, W. Stank that reporters asking questions on the first tee. Can't you wait till we finish hitting it?
At least junior always had his priority straight.
As W. His neighbors get in scraps with the anti-war forces coalescing around the ranch, as the Pentagon tries to wrestle up updated armor for our soldiers who are still sitting ducks in the third year of the war,
as the Iraqi police we train, keep getting blown up by terrorists who come back, who come right back every time U.S. troops beat them up.
As she is working on the Iraqi constitution conspare with Iran about turning Iraq into an Islamic state that represses women,
and as Iraq hurdles toward a possible civil war, W. seems far more oblivious than his father was with his Persian Gulf crisis.
This president is in a truly scary place in Iraq. Americans can't get out or they risk turning the country into a terrorist haven that will make the old Afghanistan look like Cypriamis.
What the hell is that?
Yet his war, which you see, she always does that, air every time. Yet his war, which has not accomplished any of its purposes,
swallows even more American lives, and inflames even more Muslim hearts as W. reads a book about history of salt,
and looks forward to his biking date with Lance Armstrong on Saturday.
The son wanted to go into Iraq to best his daddy in the history books by finishing what Bush senior started,
he swept aside the warnings of Brent's schoolcroft and Cole and Powell, and didn't bother to ask his father's advice.
Now he's caught in the very trap his father said he feared that America would get bogged down as an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land,
facing a possibly virulent outcome.
It turns out that the people of Iraq have ethnic and religious identities, not a national identity.
She hides and turrets want to suppress the Sunnis who wants to repress them and break off into their own states, smashing the Bush model kitchen of democracy.
At long last the senior Bush official admits that administration officials can no longer clean with their own version of reality,
were in the process of absorbing the factors of the situation, were in the shedding of the unreality of the dominated at the beginning,
the official told the Washington Post.
They better start absorbing and shedding a lot faster before many more American kids died,
or create a pawn of Iran, and they better tell the boy in the bubble who continues to dwell in delusion,
healing the fights and delays on the Iraqi constitution as a tribute to democracy.
The president's peddling as fast as he can, but he's going nowhere.
I wonder a lot of people where that person said, damn good article about that and that she's great.
Oh, it's more than that left wing spin doctor crap.
You got it. You know what they're reading about today?
It's just a very short article that I read in the beginning about how Bush's numbers are sinking like the Titanic.
And they're saying, oh, it's about time. Thank God they're saying.
Oh, God!
Yeah. Too bad it didn't happen before last November, which it should have.
546. I can envision 555 by one o'clock, can't you?
In fact, I can envision it in the next minute or two.
And Josh Cordes set there, Mr. Hachad, Mr. Rexpert, Mr. Noah, a guy who don't even know who Tony Kubak was.
That's right. He wouldn't know Joe Dodgeola from anybody.
You know Joe Garajola?
Not personally.
Dodgeola.
I do, yes.
Get a check.
Get a literate.
In fact, you know something, I think that was the beginning of the end for America.
Disney Dean and Joe Dodgeola.
That was the beginning of the end of any literacy in America.
It's all gone.
And let me ask you something, Joe Dodgeola, where you at?
548 votes.
Stop and see, we're not supposed to talk about such stuff, but stop and think about that whole where you at spot.
Okay, think about that.
It's like sending a talk about a racist message.
It's like saying, oh, when you dark folks, you're all literate anyway.
So let's just kind of like joke about it, make fun of it, right?
That's what it is.
That's what it be.
All time, I'm with this female celebrity, Sandra Burdar 156.
See that crew is moving, moving, moving.
I'll tell you for a dead broad.
She's moving at 84.
Rosio Donald 78, Rosanne Bar 42, Tammy Febaker 37.
Barbara Streisand 36, Wippey Goldberg's God.
About 30, man.
Imaging Coke of still 15, because everybody knows who she is as dead except me and Bokobrine.
Phil Ziller 14, Oprah 11, B. Arthur 10, Toto Field 7, Schvokies N.A. 6,
Gritavan Suston 5, Randy Rhodes 5, Betty Davis 5, Joan Rivers 4,
Kathy Bates 2, Jocelyn Wildenstein's only got one, but once they see her, wow.
Krusty and I really caused me so far, I've got the big, oh, just like Marilyn Monroe did.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
No, this is honored.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
A rubak, a rubak, on the green, me, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, every day, young, the new, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, forehead, lines of powder, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, use for subdub fusion.
Keri Shiloh, Dan, Q.
And goes under investigation now, info that you must not know, and so the higher curtain must come down.
You have the theoretical, cover up 10 lines, be quick, you all, right before your eyes.
I wonder how you react when you discover you need real ID.
That's up to no sort of a trail, and trees and war without a reason.
Both in and they're from the growth and that we're from in the trainer and criminal, buyers who think that they don't want you to know.
One day you'll wake up and see your dreams go, for the ultimate reality show.
Let's get back to a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, a rubak, no more tearing and tear apart.
Cute!
Exactly, get it right.
Did he ever tell you what happened with his UPS? I mean FedEx conversation?
They messed up, they're rescending it or something.
They just...
They messed up, that's pretty unusual, because I do love FedEx. They're very, very good. I would never knock them.
But you know, they got 80 trade-in packages every day, just once.
Plus the stuff, like I said, probably wasn't that good anyway.
569 votes on the pool. We got a shot.
We're going to get 700 whether Josh likes it or 572. You sit down there zooming up.
They're coming through for us, baby.
You can just sit back there like a lump, you know? Don't be a lump.
Remember Jerry lumpy with the Yankees now?
Jerry lumpy with the Yankees now.
What about Bob Serve?
Jerry lumpy with the Yankees now?
What about Bob Barker?
Bob?
Well, it's my next story. I went on a like segue into it.
Will Bob Barker's legal lemurs ever end to ask the national inquiry?
The prices right MC who's been involved in no less than 9 lawsuits from female employees
over a 33 year tenure in a highly rated CBS game show
has just settled two suits that were slapped against by former staffers.
How do you like that?
Do you know that?
No.
Last September, model Claudia Jordan and production assistance Sylvia Clement Henry sued the 81-year-old
TV legend and three other show execs for a sexual harassment, racial discrimination, and wrongful
termination. The B.C.'s Barker managed to avoid going to court by settling the suits in late July.
If Barker wanted to vent, he's got more suits than Greg Reed, you know? If Barker wanted to
vindicate himself, he could have opted out of the settlements, if he wanted to court to prove
his innocence, but he always insists on getting his lawsuits dismissed, said Nick Alden, the attorney
represented Jordan and Clement Henry. In June 2004, the National Inquire report of that
Jordan who was fired in October 2003 after three years on the program was about to sue Barker
and three other staffers. The price is right was the worst work atmosphere I've ever experienced
at Jordan 32. She said Barker fired her because she had complained to producers about racial and
sexual comments on the set. You are the button model I can fire your ass when producer kept telling me,
and I was also told, well what's wrong with being the button model? Nothing. I was also told to stand
between two Caucasian models to do a reverse Oreo, Jordan said, Bob was absolutely the boss
from hell. A reverse Oreo? Huh, he went on the outside, dark on the inside. Yeah, I was just
thinking about Ocaran. Barker's publicist Henry Ballinger confirmed Jordan and Clement Henry's
panic, huh? And Clement Henry's lawsuits were settled, but Ed and Bob was not directly involved,
was not privy to any of the settlement discussion, didn't take, pay any of the legal fees. He was
named in law super, was not part of the settlement. Attorney Alden said, Bob Barker always placed
smart ass saying his name is not on the settlement, but the settlement automatically releases him from
further legal action. So he's a huge part of it. Barker still faces wrongful termination suits
filed by show model Holly Halstrom and production assistant Linda Ryger. Halstrom is waiting for a
court date and Margaret's kids are good arbitration issue. For Bob Barker, man, oh man, before it gets
the name more trouble, why not just die right there on the set, huh? It was Jennifer Johnny Olson,
it was good enough for Rod Rodney who said, I'm dying over here. Hey Rod, you fairy. Now you know
what they call them, Rod Rodney. I see. Next joy Reynolds about him. Well, next time you see Joey.
Oh yeah. How's your buddy the guy? Don't you miss doing those appearances and you don't get to
see all your buddies anymore? Yeah, I miss him a lot. Especially the guy with his eyes and a guy
with a fanny pack. All the guys. By the way, the guy with a fanny pack is probably a terrorist. Look
out now. Oh my God. He was packing heat at the Macarena one night. He was a security guard there
for about five minutes. Yeah. He had a gun. His shirt was heat. I'm telling you seriously, I will
go to the game and he's standing there in the lobby and he's dressed up in some zoot suit and
he's got a gun. At any rate, Barbara balloons up like a cow. It's just a great story from a super
what is that? Balloons up. I keep looking at picture Ryan Filippe. At any rate, what is he doing
these days? Is he doing something? He played baseball and soccer at high school packed on 25 pounds
of lean muscle for the movie Way of the Gun. He also holds a black belt in Taekwondo. He's been
cute in this picture. I don't know why you're picking on her. She doesn't always look cute.
Keeps five-year-old daughter at Ava Elizabeth close to a start during workouts. That's her picture
around his neck. I wasn't looking at his neck. At any rate, Barbara, oh geez. And here's a picture
of Barbara from Meet the Fokers where she's like hopping on top of a nearly naked Robert De Niro.
What a good match that is. But if you could, I tell you that what's your name?
Wallenstein, whatever, Larry Wallenstein, Jocelyn, No Wildenstein. She ain't got nothing on her.
And that's without the facelifts. Oh my god. Stri-Sand is packed on a whopping 30 pounds.
But 30 pounds should say the star's bloated appearance is a far cry from when she played
Fanny Bryce in Funny Girl. And they got a picture of that. What kind of like behind Ryan Filippe's
Oh my god. Did you see this? No. This is in the Wilden CY. Yeah, you did.
I thought you told me you saw this picture. I saw the picture of Barbara. That's what I'm talking.
I'm talking about Ryan Filippe's. I'm talking about Barbara. Jesus, you are so defensive man.
You're fair. God almighty. You're worse than your partner in crime there.
Hostile. Anyway, she's a just organic. She's huge and she's put on 30 pounds in six months.
And discussing another tribute to anti-semitism. Maybe she's a walking ad for it.
Well, one with a good good juice. They're turning up. Oh, I'm glad I segregated there. You want to know
why? Why? See the people over there at the minor league sports station over at the ticket.
They don't get it because see they keep talking about wow, you know, where the hip are
and younger, all the other great. They don't realize that we don't just have old people on
there. We have old Jews on the air. Hank and me and Moe and Eddie K, old Jews and even one
young viewer, a Jew, a squeaky one, right? Right. And they got what do they got? I'll go.
I'm naming one Jewish guy besides OJ McDuffe. Stoo got. Is he Jewish? Are you kidding me?
Stoo gots. Yeah, all the owners mark money marks. Sorry. I'm talking about on the air. Oh,
Martin, that's right. They got way out. But those are minor leagues. They don't have any big league
Jews. You want to have some numbers. You better get some big league Jews on here. Forget about age.
That's your problem over there. Too many goyem. Ted Rawl writes. I just love Ted Rawl. He writes
sacrifice. What is it? I said he's great. Count me out. Remember Gary Lewis and the playboys
and count me in. He says count me out. I'll cure that. First taxes before we get to that.
Please add heart. Nice going, Chris. Add Harvey Firestein. You're a list of ladies with
blood, blood plastic surgery. Also, I'll never forget the side of Steve King of the Cooper City of
Home Depot shopping with his multicultural children, his classic queen producer,
at the Cooper City of Home Depot, while his forehead was bleeding from his hair transplant.
Yeah. That's why he's always got to the end. He used to do the holes in the head.
First turned out he had a bigger one at the beginning of that. Nothing new with hair.
Hey, Gary Lewis and the playboy speak, Gary. Speak.
I don't know. I can really hear it and I talked it up. That was not good. Yeah.
The big dates. Oh, that wasn't what I wanted. I was looking for the big dates.
Now I make sure you think the four tops that were you at. I'm excited and say that.
Probably not. Ten Royal Rights if you supported the war, pay for it. If America is truly on a war
footing, Tom Shanker asked in New York Times, why I sold it all sacrificed as to the nation
in large military recruiters are coming up short of all in tears yet. Either party is pushing for a
draft. No one is proposing a tax increase to cover the $60 billion annual cost of the Iraq and
Afghan wars. There are no W. W. W. Two style war bond drives, no victory gardens, not even gas
rationing. Back here in the fatherland, only support our troops car ribbons indicate they were at war
and they aren't even bumper stickers. They're magnetic. Apparently Americans aren't even willing
to sacrifice to finish on their automobiles to promote the cause. Nobody in America has asked
to sacrifice except us the paper quotes an officer who just returned from a year in Rose Petal
Pave de Rack. Symbolic signs of support are just not enough grumbles of Brigadier General.
There has to be more he demands. The absence of a call for broader national sacrifice in a time of
war is to become a near constant topic of discussion among officers and enlisted personnel of the
general claims. North Western University professor Charles Moscow says the political leaders are afraid
to ask the public for any real sacrifice which doesn't speak to highly the seasonery. To which I
say, screw that. It's not my duty to suffer for this pointless war. I've been against it all long
and you can stick your victory garden where the deserts some can't penetrate. I was among hundreds
of thousands of Americans who marched against invading Iraq in early 2003. Tens of millions
cheered us on. The largest mass protest movement in history so that it doesn't made by the Guinness
Book of World Records brought together pacifist humanists and people like me. We knew Iraq had
nothing to do with 9-11. We didn't believe that the same White House that propped up dictatorship
in Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Egypt, Pakistan, and Saudi Arabia that had when it suited them supported
Sodom could possibly be interested in liberating the people of Iraq. When we scrutinized the coverage
of the CIA's pre-war analyses, we found that there wasn't any. There were only reports
standing back to 98 ancient history in the intelligence business. We absolutely didn't trust
Dick Cakewalk, Chinese breached predictions. Bush and Cheney ignored our concerns. Instead of building
a solid case and bipartisan political consensus, they bullied and lied to Congress and the
U.N. to scam us into this unwinnable war. Who can blame them? They worked for X on mobile and
halibut, not the American people, but they not us broke Iraq. It can't be fixed. It's not our fault
and it's not our problem. There's no reason to relinquish our creature comforts to back their
grubby little oil grab. The most galling aspect of this V.S. was that was entirely predictable.
I know I predicted. Here's my column written back in July 2002. Most experts expect Iraq to disintegrate
in the Civil War after an overthrow of Sodom's oppressive bad party. I wrote,
opinion of the United States is now at an all-time low among Muslims around the world,
going after Iraq will make matters worse. Why give radical anti-American Islamist even more
political ammunition with wits to recruit suicide bombers and track the financial donations
that fund their assaults? I'm no genius, but even I could see that this war was doomed
eight months before the invasion. The Kurds deserve a whole land sure would Iraq be better off
without Sodom probably. But if we're smart, we won't be the ones to blow over this particular
house of cars. We have too much to lose and too little to gain in that mess that would certainly
ensue, I wrote. Did I call that one or what? David Henderson, a scholar at Colorado College,
tells the times Bush understands that the support of the public for the war, especially the war
in Iraq, is conditioned on demanding little of the public. Of course Bush himself hasn't given up
a second of occasion or a single donated dollar, much less one of his hard-partying daughters to
the war effort. Sacrifice is a hard selldown here among the citizens and we, when we don't see
it starting where it should, among our leaders. I'm already sacrificing too much for war, I always
believe was stupid and wrong. I'm paying $3 a gallon for buck 50 gas and walking through
gauntlets of over-arm national guard boys at airports and bus stations. I'm in greater danger than
ever before getting blown up by a pissed off fanatic. And I've read the giant tax cycle of
insulin to pay off Bush's deficit. But these are enough sacrifices for Bush and his vain
glorious generals who are planning a civilian reserve, a sort of peace war for professionals,
a program to see commitments from bankers, lawyers, doctors, engineers, electricians, plumbers,
and solid waste disposal experts to deploy to conflict zones for months at a time on
reconstruction assignments to really press around the military. If you voted for Bush,
here's your chance to plant your buck where your ridiculous car magnet is,
smack that in the middle of the Sunni triangle. Good luck.
Well, pack your sandwich.
A pack of status, Enrico?
Yeah, we'll pack your sandwich. We'll pack you a falafel, how's that?
I think it'll arrive well. We'll stick it in your schmata.
114 at 560 WDQM, the mohmeister from the long, two o'clock to staff.
Noone everybody's favorite to believe it.
No.
Favorite something?
If you're looking in the mirror and you're wondering if your hair went down to sink down the drain
on the floor, well guess what it did. It's gone.
That's what God hasn't stir for most guys is a big shiny head.
Well, if you're second-tiered looking older than you really want to,
tuck out for your hair. It can bring your hair back.
No holes in the head with a blood ripping down your forehead, Mr. Enrico.
No dangerous pills. No nasty looking muskrat. Mr.
Mr. Moe.
No, no, no, no.
Just a great looking head of hair. Charlie's skin-like hair system is 100%
detectable. Looks like the real thing going under your scalp.
And you have nothing to lose but that bald spot because Charlie's work is totally 100% guaranteed.
He tried Charlie's system for a month, for about 30 days.
About 30, man.
After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not
getting lots and lots and lots of action and reaction, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the Meowarajer Show and get your summer special QAM $200 discount off the regular $800 price of the best look at in the world
natural hair line system.
So here's that tool free number again. There's no obligation.
Charlie will show you how much better and younger he can make you look.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or on the web, it's CharlesAlphieri.com.
This is Meowarajer.
This is 560 QAF.
Call on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Call on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Call on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Call on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
go and we got 599 I don't know I got 600 well like I said we got 100 to go in
in 39 minutes that's a heavy heavy duty on that pool if we don't get to 700 it's
gonna be like a like you just heard there like y'all they got back in the face
that's right to me I'll take it first like I got 601 99 votes to go to
it is it we should remember the golden glory days when we used to go over a
thousand during the show just routinely right the naked picture days is
that what you're talking about right when we hit a picture down here so everybody
never an addition to which I'm gonna tell you we talk about starting from a
a laying down position like starting like starting a race from laying on your
back laying on your stomach we totally cow you look at those stats I'm not
gonna be knocking the Kimba and the guilty but boy please get the humpback
he's on vacation for two more weeks this week and next week yes vacation
oh yeah you got to be you got to be Schmidt and me man and the way that this
station disrespects that man I see next week we got guilty on solo that
I'll get a big tune in audience oh my a solid week a guilty and that's
because Kimba's gonna be doing like fill it in the program oh look at the
schedule ah somebody somebody up there really must take me like poison you
know what up where in the sky or maybe somebody down there hates me like
poison maybe that's why I got this week's and next week's schedule or
never like I don't get like two weeks ahead of time I got next week's schedule
too you don't want to know what it is wow I think probably what it is is we're
feeling sorry for those guys across the street we're spending all that money
four and a half million dollars a year and put that horseball dolphin broadcast
on there I think we're feeling sorry for them so let's give them a little
handicraft isn't that that's gotta be it right what are you talking about I'm
talking about how great is sports talk radio yes 601 is all I got we got 38
minutes and you people are not happy on it baby 603 the votes are pouring in one
at a time even the bush crowd can come up with better fixed votes in the
deed county if I've shown this this is weak who is the all-time ugliest female
celebrity radio TV or movies Sandra Bernhard 164 Cilia Cruz has moved into a
very respectable second 102 Rosio Donald 81 Rosanne bar 45 Tammy Faye Baker 41
Barbara Streisand 37 get the examiner man look at that picture an
examiner your ass around huh get it an examiner get it an examiner big ass
what the goldbird 32 imaging coca 17 she said died she didn't die that
long go either Phyllis Diller 14 Spooky's Nurey 11 BR through 11 O4 11
Gritavan Sustard 8 Tony Field 7 Dome River 6 Betty David 6 Randy Rhodes 5
Jocelyn Wildenstein's only got three Kathy Bates has got a pair and
Kirstie Alley and Rita Cosby so far still after all of this you got the
big oh like that for version we have just a stunning picture that we're going to
show here for the first time of Dennis Raider pretty graphic stuff this is
actually Dennis Raider basically naked right hanging upside down see I I thought
that she had learned that is not I realized I had seen her on Fox which I almost
never watched but she just doesn't have any voice that's your voice wow she's a
broadcasted I see I mean what what does it come to well what what is it now what
what's happening in our business just a rhetorical question right the Palm Beach
County Grand jury yesterday declined to would die Delray Beach Officer
Darren Cagoni in the fatal shooting of a 16 year old driver outside of school
dance last February and people are pissed off and fired up this isn't
outrage during Miller's family and supporters Cagoni was fired later in the day
some of the group of eight people in a prosecutor read aloud the
grand jury's decision that the shooting was justified said oh my god later in
the day the city in fact probably was more like oh my god later in the day the
city said it's fired Cagoni our police officers can shoot and kill and be
set free that was just a forest Jared Miller's grandmother Phyllis Miller set
outside the courtroom I have a message for Cagoni I want him to remember this
and remember it well he's still alive but remember there's a god this is a
man's court but he has to face God when's this grand jury decision came
after a judge in a non-binding ruling a for recommended that Cagoni be charged
with manslaughter for shooting Miller in the back of the head is the unlicensed
team drove a cat like down a narrow breezeway at the Delray full service
school some of the supporters put into the disparity between judge Debra Moses
Stevens ruling after public hearing and Wednesday's grand jury decision
following closure testimonies evidence of illegal system biased against minorities
the black man can't get justice in Palm Beach County Shaheed Freeman and
official with the NAACP South County branch set as he left the courtroom and
discussed this was very evil what they did very evil you said a 16-year-old boy
a shot in the head just because he didn't have a driver's license we thought Jim
Crow is over but I see Jim Crow all over again it's a shame in Palm Beach County
we can't get rid of this racist mentality and have justice for everybody but
guess what my friend you don't because it's a racist effing country is what it
is it's the way it is unless of course it's like OJ or Michael who used to be
black 609 oh I think this is our toughest assignment ever you know it and I
don't think it's gonna happen what do you got six oh nine oh just change
616 we need those votes coming in in like that's it chunks what we need we need
Johnson if we don't get to the 7 out of that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna blow chunks
it to a clock if I can't do it for two hours and pre-empt the most show
blow what the no show oh 26 after one at five 60 W.M. on the Mohawar David
and the warm-up show he is gonna has he gonna have some show today or what it's
gonna be dynamite you know for years speaking of dynamite I've been telling
about a great company called dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company
the world I've used them for over 20 years they are great but did you know the
dry concepts can also save you hundreds maybe even thousands of dollars by
another things for you dry concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning a
pulsed green leather furniture restoration mattress cleaning oriental rug
cleaning and pet order treatments water damage to dry concepts can also clean
and restore your talent grow quickly and efficiently they're always looking to
improve their service to you and find new ways to make your house look just like
brand new and during the month of august take advantage of their summer
system number two package and water damage special dry concepts from
corporate cleaning to town and grow clean the only place to call no ripoffs no
scams they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing their
unmatchable job in daybrow and upon beaches call them tool free 1 800 2 4 8
5071 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5071 or log on to their website dry concepts dot com
this is new Roger this is 5.62.8 all the crap you could
interact all the slime all the time real American a-hole we salute you mr.
identity of a key undercover CIA operative revealer
Mr. I can be a key
unless a man would realize the search for W and D's is what matters but not
car roll no you sold out Valerie blame like a nanny on desperate housewives
there hasn't been a leak this big since the Titanic was struck yet you refused
to resign from your cushy gig at the White House
now the Democrats are calling for your head on a platter which is ironic because
that's exactly how you served up Valerie sure you've suffered more public humiliation
than a contestant on brach count but you don't care your car roll and you can
smell the maid for TV movie deal better with you so we salute you mr.
identity of a key undercover CIA operative revealer your new slips your
band timing and your White House parking space you our real American a-hole
132 28 till 2 643 we need 57 votes by two o'clock and we do it we got a shot
what do you think we got shot I never dreamed that I would find a story about my
hometown Rochester can a day when you're old and all right just use a no a city
like somebody actually heard of it I said it sounds a little corny a farmer
looking for love is planted per a personal ad using corn stalks and a
cow pasture it's got a photo of it it reads SWF got to love symbol farm and got
a love farm under it is a thousand foot long arrow pointing single white
females to his house it only took me about an hour I did it with a corn
planner in May Peter DeHon that's P I E T E R Dutch a Dutchman at Canada they
like that oh my god Peter DeHon said Wednesday as he removed weeds from the
eight acre field I was just horse and around he said in place of a newspaper
ed DeHon said he decided on the impulse to use up the extra corn sea left
after spring planning and his 200 acre pleasure acres farm in Western New
York I wouldn't place a personal ad in the paper to me it seems desperate
added this is more of a fun thing I could put it out in the field where nobody
could see it unless you flew over it the 41 year old divorce father said
running a business and looking after his two teenagers is living all the time
for socializing his corn stock appeal featured this week in the hometown
daily messenger newspaper is all one of the great American newspapers the
candidate with daily messenger not has already drawn quite a few phone calls
and emails I'd be lying if I told you I wasn't a little proud DeHon said in that
great candidate when New York strikes so I can't believe it I've ever been
there don't go and do it all white people by the way I don't remember a 10
thousand people no blacks you can't get justice for black people there because
there aren't any at least it weren't when I was there didn't allow it okay well
let's see what do we got six hundred and the forty six we're not going to do it
you know what I'm starting to get a little bit panicky now or there really I
think you know we see we had that first big chunk there's time to come and
chunk and that was the end of it we'll do it yeah my ass your mama six fifty
fifty votes in twenty five minutes that's two a minute that's one every
five thirty seconds this lame ass crowd of course it's a hundred and eighty five
degrees in the shade there I don't want to rub it in make your feel bad before
last a few days here all of a sudden this is this is the spring that never
happened you know what the temperature is right now it's a little on the
murky side with sunny early little murky uh 73 oh yeah brutal in that nice yeah
seventy three it's a hundred and seventy three here well there you go that's what I'm saying
I'm not I'm not saying I don't want to be there but you know what that's of course
factoring in the hate index I don't want to be there oh here we are again is really
true and you can see the emotional effect on these soldiers and comrade's
leopard amounts I have a accent it's sweet emotionally
they are under pain strain and so on but the fact is they don't belong there in
a first place they never lived in that settlement they came from the outside
their ojohn provocateur um uh you lost okay get him out of there and cut the crap
already all these punks see one thing about punks they see they were easily brain
washed and they were parents and others did a good job of doing it and number two
they haven't lived long enough to the brain washed themselves to the opportunity to
you know take to the speed right right right start a few fires to be a young ojohn
provocateur correct for the wrong cause speaking of wrong cause people nation of Islam leader Louis
Faracan said Mexican president of the sending Fox was right to say that Mexican immigrants take
jobs that not even blacks won although Fox was sharply criticized for his remarks by some black
leaders Faracan said so they did blacks do not want to go to farms and pick fruit because they
already picked enough cotton hey man you got a point you got a point why are you so
foolishly sensitive when somebody is telling the truth he asked the credit mercy memorial
Baptist church mercy me he said black Latinos should form an alliance to correct differences
in animosity between the two communities civil rights leaders including the Reverend Jesse Jackson
and the Reverend Al Sharpen condemned the remark some leaders called on Fox to apologize Fox
said he was commenting on the contributions that Mexicans make to the US and didn't mean any
offense no disrespect Faracan who spearheaded the 95 million man march that drew hundreds of
thousands of people to Washington was in Milwaukee was in Milwaukee to wrote the millions more
movement which is scheduled to rally October 15 on the national mall the marches build is more
inclusive success of the million man march this time organizations have encouraged women and
gay people to pretend how do you like that wow that is really a shocker let me put on my
blue blue blue blocker and check out that shocker women and games you fair with 10 Hills
has said that blacks and Latinos need to gang together gets the real enemy the Jews oh is that
why he's fixated with that yeah and of course take a look what's happening over there right now
6.59 man this is one of the maybe I maybe I set my sides a little bit too high you know it's
62 24 minutes 38 both a little more than one and a half now we cut the ratio down anyway they're
hopping on it you can vote as many times you might by the way we don't really care the outcome
of see unlike the Sun Sentinel we don't really give her crap about the outcome of our silly ass
poll they're just for fun nobody takes it seriously it's just for fun right they say that it's
scientific yeah right it's very important to the future the million races hinging on it there's
an award going to be issued based on six sixty two and it's still six sixty two oh man are they
going to make this difficult what the hell is Moga to do if we're still taking votes into a clock
I don't know huh he did pretty good in that one on Tuesday probably not too happy about it knowing him
prominent conservative political and religious leaders called Sunday night for a senate approval
of a Supreme Court nominee is who will vote to end the constitutional right to abortion against
recognition of same sex marriage and for pure restrictions our religious expression in public
places these are good religion is okay I'm gonna carry out you don't agree with me
the Supreme Court is sanctioned the right to kill unborn children and open the door to legalize
homosexuals sodomy declared Tony Perkins president of the anxious family research council which
co-sponsored justice Sunday to James dobson talk about anxious founder of hocus focus focus on
the family told the twenty two hundred mostly white people in two rivers Baptist church it doesn't
matter what we think the court rules the Supreme Court he said the video broadcast has created an
oligarchy it's governed by the few rejected Supreme Court nominee Robert Borkhorn that the
high court is to find homosexuality as a constitutional right and once homosexuality is defined as a
constitutional right there's nothing the states can do about it nothing the people can do about it
the event was built as an attempt to awaken Christians those good loving Christians for the
importance of appointments of the Supreme Court but it also served as a televised rally supporting
president Bush's nomination of John Roberts Jr conservative leaders here in Nashville said
they hope Roberts will be the first of three or more Supreme Court's assistance to be chosen by Bush
whose confirmations would fundamentally alter the high court and we can all go step to the sound of it
this is Neil Rogers this is five sixteen two eight
a bitch right here up fire
they can't rate me ever again you're off limits to my shapely revenge and that's a direct
revision by choice and everyone's support like a pit my own support
it's loca
I got nothing to lose and my virginity's lost.
I give me back my baggy blue shorts.
Why you want to show you who's the force?
Let's get back to the sanctity of your sport.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
We do it.
I see if these people realize we have this for Nick Fry's Filth を
very on our website today we are going like over 1500 we got Halle's Barry Halle's
Barry's 680 we need 20 votes in 14 minutes can we do it?
Sure no problem right?
Absolutely yeah we can do it just hop on it.
Speaking of hopping on it, Papa the Pope is in Cologne now in Cologne,
I left the message for him by the way left a little something in the bottle
not specimen and any rate he says he wants crucifixes in government
buildings yeah of course he's talking about
brainwashing young people he's over there in Cologne doing what the
religions do the best brainwashing zillions of young people
oh the holy Father the people put him out he's out there on the river
Rhine right here the bear factory by the way for the
the youth day he says oh come join our cult it's gas
they like you and is it a very important they like the youths in the Catholic
church yes they do Pope Benedict XVI is back to the display of crucifixes
in public buildings saying that gods have been present public life
oh hold it up at least there in there very least it'll keep them vampires
away sure it is important that god in fact that that's a good
pull question one day what is the silliest ever we done that before i guess we've
done that the church piece the silliest church key of all i don't think we have
the mizuzah on the door the crucifix the rosary bays the hall for the uh the schmata
yeah the schmata on the head there's a good one for you beautiful you heathen bastard
might do that tomorrow it's important that god is present in public life with
the side of the cross and homes in public buildings the Italian news agency
answer quoted the Pope is saying during his homily and a parish church
in castled and awful the hill town outside aroma where the Vatican has its
vacation retreat he's retreating he made no reference to specific disputes but the
issue of whether religious symbols have a place in government buildings has been a divisive
one in Italy and elsewhere like the u.s.a.
a Muslim activist in the early and past years had turned to the courts to seek the removal
of crucifixes from public schools in Italy which is officially secular you go rag head
i like that they had to go to the courts to get the
they need one thing about your religion this man you just have no you have some freaking nerve man
for your own good when in doubt just keep imposing your bs on the rest of us we don't want it we don't
want you'll take the problem just stay away from us okay take your crucifix and your bubbles and beads
and your uh tits and your uh to fill in all your crap if the man was drowning wouldn't you say
was not to mention of course uh all the the stuff that the Muslims are got my god oh yeah
that's a wild head you're in flying carpets i mean you name it not to be outdone by anybody else
see it's like a contest okay i look the most ridiculous who can act the most ridiculous who can
add the most ridiculous uh chaskeys and and bubbles and beads and bangles remember that song
bubbles bangles and beads by the Kirby stone four on Columbia records how much of welcome
Brian does it's here right now far by the who's it Kirby stone four they were stone six hundred and
eight the nineties you're all we got it we got it baby we got it take now you see Josh there's
a good lesson for you you have to work it you gotta work it up working it that's right work it
work it working till you get what you want work it unlike some of the dullards that you work
right that's a good word man i mean in the duck world we like mallards but dullards we don't like
like Kimba for example he's a good guy but he's so dull but uh like up there but the sports cashews
you got your Jimmy syphilis and Dave and boring now i heard i don't know i forgot to ask you
last week i heard maybe was two they heard some promo running is is Foxy Roxy on some of promo
we got uh no i don't think so because it was a voice it sounded just like gildey oh my god the
squeakle meter is just going through the roof of qa n oh man stop huh he's not bad he's good man
have you heard him is Foxy Roxy how to help out i mean i could come in here and listen to
what if i want to listen to a boring broadcast well maybe he spices up a little bit at least
he's got to be a little more animated than your your partner in crime there the van boring
meister and Jimmy syphilis oh you know what it's like it's like having a little girl doing
me play my plans off the game and of course it fits in perfect because it's a little girl's team
this is Neil Rogers this is five sixty-fifth
your car you love it you need it and you want to protect it but how
you've tried the club you've tried low jack you even put your trust in the wimpy little alarm
system that came with your car but where did it get you now the answer is here with the palestinian
car alarm it's a sound that could wake the dead and it's yours heck will wake the neighbors the
palestinian car alarm works because it's not a mechanical device it's a genuine palestinian
and boy is he alarms the palestinian car alarm not only sounds a startling alarm it also uses
verbal messages to ward off would be intruders you are too close to vehicle
and your feet persist the palestinian car alarm will make them pay the ultimate price
I walk like these cars these don't like my homeland time for you to die
whether you park on sunset strip or the Gaza strip you need the palestinian car alarm
tonight on fox lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when fox presents
when jews attack sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by kfc where you can get
the new GOP bucket the GOP bucket is all white meat right wings and only 29 95 when jews attack
it's a one fifty six year little equal time there we had the palestinian but then we had the jews
that's that's balanced what you think very fun shui of you so anyway here's what we got we thank
you very much for coming through you see if you bang them over head hard enough they are coming
through for you that's about what the lesson you huh didn't that tell you we get 700 you're
surprised if we get seven forget about 700 if i just said six hundred you said yeah that's
we got a shot i don't i don't start out low okay i don't low ball my expectations i said like
like like the like a book if i would expect it about low ball if i'd expect it a three year
we know i have one of those yeah i bet you do that's what fat boy said oh that's right he's
high ball i keep putting them low ball well that's me when you that fat you hang your load
to the ground i remember that ball seven hundred and seven hundred and twelve votes save all your
filth for your show tomorrow okay i don't want to want to be associated with any of this crap
what do we got who is the all time obvious female celebrity radio tv in movies seven one two but
it's just amazing the way they do anything came in like i told you
like i said that they didn't talk man oh let me force me to let me tell you about a great place
called a tub in Hollywood i'm on my way there
well it might be interesting it's i mean not that you live real close to there but you're like five
minutes away right you might want to zip over there and maybe not sit around a wait three hours to
have a burger but like to check the situation now because since we can't get like the details
we're looking for i'll go by inner tube and inner you know i thought up on sure just
could tell him you're alien i still have my ref to and maybe some of the older ladies will
come out and check out some of the arwella's good like to that one hundred and seventeen votes for
the all-time skankiest nasty ugly female celebrity Sandra Bernhard 194 but Cindy Cruz came from
nowhere from the crypt to a strong second place showing so far one eighteen all the why i don't think
they're gonna catch stand where she's pretty uh scabby frenchie looks a little like scabby haze
Rosie o' donald 97 Rose and bar 52 Tammy Fe Baker 46 oh Carlos is gonna be wild you're fairy
he also likes what's your name from what's that awful all my children uh what's her name
a chute chute chute chute Susan Lucci what does that tell you about that child what
what a goldberg 44 Barbara Streisand 41 Phyllis Dullar 19 imaging coke 19 spilkeys Nare 13
one thing about channel seven man they specialize in hysterical skanky bitches and she's one of them
be Arthur 13 Greta van Sustre and 12 Oprah's got a dozen I mean you talk about the luckiest
person on the face of the year if that's it there's not even a contest you know no
has she got any talent is she attractive no is she uh uh is her show entertaining no
johan ribber seven jocelyn willvans theme six and wait till you see that bitch man oh man uh
too bad we can't put a picture her up on a website could we why can't we we can
that one I was talking about before you get that picture on her she'll have four million votes
by a one forty five then he davis six randy rose five kirstie alley's got a pair of kathy
mates two and read a cosby the one with a great voice at msnbc what a cool they made she's got one
you ought to see bye bye bye
