Why the U-Faster?
Alright.
If you listen to WRIOD,
I show you what day time are better.
You've never known it by the way,
Yes, they are from all week.
The sports you know you know better.
It's always an old-born,
You're the only version chosen.
I can't say I don't know by now.
No one gives a crap about any of that.
It's a talent that brings a lot of money.
Because if that's all, they're gonna tell.
The talent is moving it out.
And buddy, it fades through the window.
What the hell is that?
You're an option.
You and Rick can't touch her what we're listening for.
Her baby can never be sadder.
But all you'll ever see, I got you,
You're all the real world.
You keep the coast or the sports or the world.
It's always an old-born,
You're the only version chosen.
I can't say I don't know by now.
No one ever listens to that other crap.
It's a talent that keeps the place running.
And if that's all, they're gonna tell.
The talent is moving it out.
And buddy, it fades through the window.
What the hell is that?
You're an option.
What do we know?
Well, I guess we got some people to know right now.
Bye-bye.
Thanks for being with us.
It's gonna be a hoot in August, 2016.
But that was the last Howard Stern show on QA.
And I guess Howard had a call about that this morning.
Just one.
I don't understand that to you.
How's that possible?
This has been widely publicized.
Not just on this show,
but like in all the South Florida media,
all week long since Tuesday.
And for some bizarre reason, they just, maybe nobody cares.
Maybe it's just not a big deal.
Maybe they're all gonna be dropping up to Palm Beach
to listen to the buzz.
Are they gonna be listening online?
Or maybe they just don't give a flying crap.
But anyway, there's no point cryover spilt beans.
It's just another one.
A series of, I don't even what, what word are you?
It blunders, um,
embarrassment, humiliation.
What do you call it?
Crap.
Oh, by the way, before going to that,
I discovered just by accident,
I'm watching the news here last night.
Red Cross of Canada is guaranteeing people
that 85th and 90th in their shooting for 95%
of every dime that's donated is going to be victims
of these tsunami relief victims.
And so I'm gonna send them a check.
Because yesterday, I don't know if somebody asked me about that
or I mentioned, yeah, somebody talked about that.
Remember?
Yes, I do.
And I said, I'm not giving a dime
to any of these organizations where like 90% of the money
gets eaten up with, you know, bureaucratic bull crap.
Like the United Way, for example.
No way to the United Way.
I mean, if you give money to charity,
almost all of it, I mean, you know, you can understand
some people have to get paid to facilitate whatever it's going on.
But other than that, like I want to see the overwhelming majority
go to the people who need it, right?
Right.
So Red Cross of Canada, then maybe you want to check out
the American Red Cross.
I don't know, I'm a little dubious of that.
But you might want to check that out, right?
Unless you just want to like hand over some money
and hope that it gets there.
I'm not too big on that.
Oh, so to tell us, we'll pour it along.
Or...
Or maybe you can wait for that CD to come out.
Yeah.
Of course, by that time there are going to be a lot of people
in desperate streets and in boxes or whatever.
But that just really slays me.
Well, I see there's going to be an Avril Lavigne.
Here's another reason for Josh to rip Avril Lavigne.
He's going to be involved in some celebrity concerts,
some benefit concert for leaks and army victims.
Do you want to seize the opportunity?
No, no, good for her.
No, no, no, no, but I mean, it's just silly.
I mean, the intentions obviously are good,
but just the whole thing is so super-siliest.
Hey, Avril, write a check.
Okay, honey.
Just write out a big fat one.
I cut the crap.
She's making millions.
I mean, I like her a lot.
I think she's cute.
She's in spotted Josh in the beast's horrendous attacks.
I mean, just grow, test, way over the top attacks.
So that's it.
That's the end of this whole madness.
What's it a today?
January the 7th, we do not.
I'm going to be joking about that.
We don't have a schedule for next week.
But I don't.
Very jackass seems to have his thumb on it.
And oh, Joel, what's your guys name?
Joel Feinberg.
Is that the guy's name?
From, yeah.
From the C-E.
Whatever he is from a prime time media group.
Another sports nerd with a lot of money this one, who decided, oh, we're going to go on
the air.
What is that all about?
Can you tell me?
Why is it that there's this whole series of people who think that they're going to put
on another sports station in this market and kick our ass?
What's the need for that all the time?
The defense?
Can anybody's ass beside their own?
How about 940 Foxy, Waxy, whatever that thing like?
No.
Yeah, but this time it's different.
Yeah, we got the numbers all right by the way.
When we get to Jim Sarni's to write, I got the numbers right here in my hand, Joel Feinberg.
Yeah, the Humber was running away from Dan La Bastard and Stugat.
Oh, Jeff.
Well, he saw Dan La Bastard coming.
You'd run away too, I'm sure that.
And Stugat's a nice guy, but again, it doesn't belong on the air just to say hello or goodbye.
He's the PD over there.
Probably based on that smashing success he added Fox Sports.
940.
Yeah.
So that's, anyway, there are all the articles about we feel we have it penciled in for next week
what the lineup is.
And then of course, and then we, well, let's do the break is what we ought to do, right?
We should.
Now you think we ought to?
Because we're starting Monday, we get back like to 10 and 2, like the audience really will
know what time we start.
10 hours, you're in trouble.
Let me know what it is in the mornings and we dig.
And, what's around the clock?
We're fighting.
We're here.
Hey, it's Howard.
How it's banned.
Everyone loved William Hungs bang up job on American Idol.
And now all of William Hungs greatest hits are on one amazing CD.
It's hung up on Hungs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can find me in the club, by the for a club, by the I got what you need.
If you need a few of yours, it's worth a lot more than 50 cents.
And now you'll also get this free bonus-cd.
An American Idol loser thinks the American Idol winner.
Oh, fair and rough.
What happened to you?
He seemed dependent, no longer needed to be theer the benefit.
Goodbye.
Oh, you?
Oh, where the wrong is true!
William Hunts hung up on Hunts is only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame, so don't delay.
Calm down.
Oh, look at that. I didn't realize we had more than one picture there. I see a Christian Dunst.
Get them on time.
He's really skanky by the way.
No.
Yes, no.
Yes, no.
At least in this picture, anyway.
That's what I was trying to tell you this morning, they're not very flattering, but never the last.
Anyway, there's the first, the world's first, the premiere of Christian Dunst's boobies.
Right.
In fact, no human has ever seen them before. Even when she looks in the mirror, she's very bashful.
So we got Kurt and Dunst. If anybody doesn't know who Kurt is, you haven't seen Spider-Man, right?
Right. For that vampire movie or about 100.
Right. Well, I get to that. April 30th, 19th, 2nd, April, what?
But third, man!
When she was born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, isn't that pleasant?
Well, there's a whole series. This is bonus time today. It's bonus time.
How many we got? Four?
Four.
And then we still got poor Alia. Poor Alia, little nipshot there for you.
Anyway, Christian Dunst, let's see, Spider-Man 3 Marie Antoinette for 2006.
Well, Spider-Man 3, that's 2007.
But they sure are a time far ahead, don't they?
Yeah, they do.
Elizabeth Towne is in post-production for this year.
Now, Wimbledon, Spider-Man 2, eternal sunset of a spotless mind.
Wasn't that on our thing yesterday?
It was.
On a pole we'll get to that.
Death and Life of Nancy Eaton, Mona Lisa Smile,
Kind of a profitee, no a friendship flick.
Ooh, Liberty, Spider-Man, they catch me out.
Crazy, sliced, beautiful.
Get over it.
Oh, Nancy, for, let's see, she's how old?
She's 25, 23, 2.
Okay.
But she's been in 8,000 movies.
Yeah, she's busy.
All forgotten, savage garden, deeply bring it on.
Lucky Towne, the cross-celebration.
Oh, she was in a movie called Thick.
Yes, she was.
I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I
got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got
this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this
I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I
a team America, which has got some hot puppets in it, 34 it has got some hot puppets in it, 34 it has got some hot puppets in it, 34 it has got some hot puppets in it, 34 it has got some hot puppets in it, 34 it has got some hot puppets in it, 34 now look at this, if it does, if it does, if it does how does it puppets or when it's animated? it for коomr it's for Mary and Nyz On strings i'll be that
and since
since
since
since
Wrong
Wah
I think I was just talking about that 18 with Kirsten Dunst.
The aviator 15.
Oh, that can't be the one with the Leo can it.
Yeah, that's the one.
I know.
I feel so bad for poor Carol and she's done so well over the years and her faxes and calls
to us but yesterday, I guess it was just a moment of emotion, you know.
She just became overcome with emotion with her.
She said she's not into Leo.
Fett of yeah, right.
Just like Maddie Bell didn't try to get you canned, right?
Hey, we're on you, Maddie.
You're not fooling anybody, okay?
But next time I'm in town, don't give me that smile on handshake, okay?
I'll step on your little ass.
You'll wrinkle up old prune.
Get away from me.
Go back down a hall to power 96 where you belong and keep your nose out of QYM.
You have nothing to do with this radio station, Maddie Bell.
Get lost.
We hate you.
Total Express 14.
Collateral 11.
Closer 10.
At least we got the name right.
Thanks to that lady called.
You realize that we were four for four this week.
We've had at least one female caller every day.
I wouldn't have to be excited if we could make it a perfect, a clean sweep.
Million dollar baby eight.
Before sunset only six votes with Ethan Hawke and what's your name?
Two E. Delpe, double.
No, that's because I told you to be selfish to order names.
Let me sneak it to a series of unfortunate events.
Five.
Dogville, four.
House of flying daggers three.
Riding giants to and Kinsey had a pair.
Alfred, Kinsey had a pair.
So there you will never touch by human hands even in his own is what I understand.
Nine American troops killed in Iraq.
We're starting, I'm not going to do it since we're starting Monday, 10 to two back to
that again.
I'm not going to like do this crap.
We've been forced to do for the last four months.
It is, it's like nine day shy of four months at the Stern Show last but on the station.
So now here we go, shuffling the deck again.
I mean, this is, it's exciting.
I'll say that like Jim Sarni says it's not going to be boring.
And by the way, Sarni, you got your head so far of Bill Fineberg's ass.
It's coming out his earlobes, okay?
Who are you kidding man?
What up?
What a tub.
Jim Sarni.
You're an old, funny, dirty, or a fool man.
You're a silly person.
You ought to loaf with Maddie Bell.
How do you like that?
In fact, we're starting to like little, very, a jackass a lot better, you know?
At least we can get some information from him, right?
In between the putter and balloony sandwiches.
That's not separate.
That's combined by the way.
Peanut putter and balloony.
A roadside bomb killed seven US soldiers in Northwest Baghdad and two Marines were killed
in Western Iraq on Thursday.
They deadly stay from American forces since a suicide attack on the US base last month.
The bombing came as a record extended a state of emergency by 30 days.
Not 30, man.
The battle militants whose attacks have surged ahead of this month's elections.
The Prime Minister warned the number of assaults would only rise as voting day draws closer.
23 days away, it's supposed to be January 30.
The commander of US ground forces in Iraq ignores that security is poor in 4 or 18 Iraqi provinces,
but Lieutenant General Thomas Metz told in briefing that in the capital that the length
of what would only increase the danger.
Right.
At any rate, so there's nine more dead American troops.
As the total approach is 1,400 and very few people seem to care.
It just goes on and on and immediately is busy with silly people like Tom Ridg.
We have with the states and the locals.
We're going to get lost.
Go back to Pennsylvania, get out of our face.
You silly person.
You think we're going to get a lady call before I start with all the very important programming
stuff?
No, but it's possible.
Deputy QA, I'm Hello.
Here it goes.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
How are you doing now?
Okay.
Hey, George.
Yo, yo.
I second some city.
Did you get them?
No.
Hey.
Five.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Did you get them?
No.
So, pound five sixty on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
They probably send the IOD or something like that.
I don't see any lady call in yet.
We just need one very briefly just to check in.
That would make a...
That would be the first weekend in ages and a coons' age that we have a lady caller at
least one every day.
Deputy QA, I'm Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Lady line.
Yeah.
Yeah, there is one.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Oh, because now I'm just saying I grew up from New York with an hour and he actually
listened to him, turned me on to your show.
I love your show too.
Why wouldn't you say I hate Howard?
I just called a lady that was...
Why?
Not that I talked about him, but he was talking about him.
He always makes you run late and stuff.
But I just wanted to let you know that there is a Howard fan that was turned on to you by him.
Well, thank God we love Howard, man.
Julia, show very much and very funny.
Actually my dad had told me about you for years, but I never got around the listeners to
hear that.
I don't think you could go out with him, man.
Do I have?
Okay, thanks a lot, Polly.
Thank you, man.
Have a great life.
See, there you go.
Well, why would people say I hate Howard?
Howard was the person who instigated Sirius Raydou to contact me to see if I wanted to be
on one of his net worth unsurius.
I don't hate Howard Stern.
I'm not the one who created the problem here.
That was our management that created that by overlapping shows, all right?
I mean, our audience in fact, in the beginning, we were like ready to accept it.
Okay, who the hell doesn't want to work less and get paid the same?
But it didn't work out at that part of it.
Of course, that's not why he's off the station.
I mean, that's a multitude of other stories that somebody also have to tell you.
You don't have to make up some stories to tell you that.
But I get that all, well, how come you're ragging on Howard?
We're not ragging on Howard.
He's gone.
He's off this station.
Ask our management why.
Ask him why they put him out in the first place.
Well, they shouldn't know in the first place what was going to happen in this market, in
this market.
I told him, but oh, what do I know?
Right?
What is old Neal?
He's just a crusty old, chromage and fag.
What did he know?
Dominic Q.A.
Hello.
Hi.
A lady.
Oh, my God.
Oh, I know.
Can't believe.
I said you were looking for one.
Yeah, I'm looking for one.
George is really looking for several.
Yeah, I'm looking for several.
Well, I have to say that I'm really, really sad that Howard's off the air just like the
last caller, the whole reason that I even started listening to you guys in the first place
because of him.
Right.
I think it's a really, really sad day for Miami Radio that I have to go back to listening
to the garbage that's on FM where people are prank calling and sending roses.
If I have to hear another one of those stupid phone calls again, I'm going to kill myself.
Exactly.
Well, don't turn on FM, whatever you do.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Have a great weekend.
I think you too.
Bye.
But I honey like that.
Bye for five.
Wow.
Exactly.
My feeling is exactly.
No, they're Howard person.
WQA.
Hello.
And see, I did say Howard would bring people over to AM.
Didn't I say that before he made the first show on the station?
I said, Stern will bring some people back to AM radio because most people under the age
of 100 don't listen to AM radio.
AM is a dinosaur.
How do you like our signal?
A signal, huh?
It is an AM digital, whatever it is.
Right.
I have to call a PD from light again to find out what our signal is because nobody on the
inside tells us anything.
They tell us squad.
Pretty sad commentary that I have to read very jackass to find out what our schedule is going
to be so I can promote it for next week.
Let's see.
Here's a letter.
Is this for real or is this a joke?
You tell me it looks for real.
Someone will have to confirm if that guest was actually on it and then we'll know.
It's a letter to a George Beasley of our ownership company and it says it's recently been announced
that this morning's broadcast of the Howard Stern show be the last or Beasley broadcast.
You know that's not true because they still carrying them over and forth my associate.
In the very first sentence this person's got this incorrect.
However it's this morning show that deeply concerns and compels me to write to you that unless
they pull them off over there too did they do that?
How would we know?
How would we know?
This morning Mr. Stern interviewed a guest representing the views of the ultra conservative
right when Christian community throughout the discussion this guest frequently used the
slur fags and spoke about how the recent tragic events in Indonesia were warranted and
how there were no innocent victims of the tsunami.
Also when this guest was asked about GD's God's will.
God's will.
Why do we know right the word God's will.
No I see because it's a God's rule in the Holocaust and why God did not intervene to
stop it.
Actually the God responded was God was punishing the Jews for killing Christ.
The entire discussion ran on edited on a usually heavily edited show.
Now what disturbs me is BBGI's choice of material to edit.
Normally the words fags would have been cut out.
Now we say fags all the time.
Get a life okay.
Also BBGI, Beasley broadcast seems at least to be in the business of editing content
not just of seeing language.
I believe Mr. Sherman expressing these same views whether we truly felt that way or was
just being facetious it would have edited out that content.
However when someone who is a conservative Christian was disposing this language in these
views it's completely unedited.
This is very disturbing.
Is this a political and religious viewpoint that BBGI has scrubs to?
I stand firmly when now why did we get this where did this come from?
I don't know.
The fact that was on the top though.
I stand firmly against censorship of not just language but content as well.
Unfortunately it seems that BBGI has an agenda that is pursuing and I will no longer
be part of it.
I will no longer listen to any program broadcasted which is not a word broadcasted by any
holy or partially on BBGI station.
I also will not support any business that advertised.
Again businesses that advertise on a BBGI station.
Furthermore I will encourage all my family and friends to do the same.
Freedom of speech and freedom of choice are quickly disappearing.
I have for one I'm tired of it since I really have a name with carbon copy of the FCC
and information leak and how it's turned to be broadcasting of our free end of period
three and big deal.
Wow.
Happy Sukas by the way and that's where I pour them coming first.
Happy pour them and lighten up a little already when you cut the crap.
Now see the fact that we got a copy of that indicates to me that's probably bull
crap you know.
I mean who would say that to us where where did it come from?
A 305 number.
Yeah a date county in other words that wasn't said to us from anybody over at Beasley
and it wasn't it came from some Ojampra Vodka Twitter come from him.
WQAM hello.
Robin Rodriguez please.
He's Robin me.
WQAM hello.
Why am I taking these calls?
I have no idea how I got stuck into this.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
This is your spy and four buyers.
Yeah.
How would Stern still on over here?
And well he was on over here today too.
How would you know that until Monday?
I don't think they have any plans taking him off over there.
I think I think I meant today.
No that letter that I just read from that surly orthodox Jew that letter I just got
through reading was you know he intimates that they're taking him off their stations and
it's only QAM that he's going off.
Well you know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to clear the do.
Watching any news or any kind of media.
Good.
Good.
Except for you.
Excellent point.
You want the MS man come right here you'll get it.
Hey I got one question.
Yeah.
You know that guy Rick Sanchez ran over?
Yeah he's still dead.
Oh okay.
Okay Pallik.
Glad to put your mind to these.
Have a great weekend.
Bye bye.
I love that stuff.
He's still dead as a door now.
The guy Rick Sanchez ran over and Rick gets rewarded for running over that guy and killing
his ass by being on SRM.
In fact if they ever finish with these things here.
My beats to guys permits for girls to not a fundraiser.
How come we don't have that story from our crack news department.
So anyway well I guess we better take some of these calls and then we'll get to the heavy
duty stuff with very jackass and gym sarny and all kinds of crap.
And then today's pool by the way.
I guess I better change the pool huh.
Let me reach over and press it and the pool thing too.
The pool sweep.
There we go.
We don't want to do this 2004 because that's obviously too restrictive and a lot of people
didn't even see anything movies in 2004.
So our pool today is the worst movie of the new millennium from 2000 up till now.
Right through right now is and I have a short list here and the reason I made this list
is because this is from one of these lists, one of the published lists by the so-called
self-appointed experts of the worst movies of last year.
So I'm sure you'll have plenty to add to it.
Beyond the sea, Van Helsing, Alexander, she hate me, the past of the Christ, Harold and
Kumar go to White Castle.
So you see we have some on both lists.
Scott Captain the World of Tomorrow, the village around the world in the 80 days and the big
bounce which might have something to do with Christ and Kumar.
Somebody QA and Hull?
Hello?
Yes sir.
Neil?
Yeah.
Listen I was read very Jackson's column this morning.
I was very very upset we may have to have Howard David come on the ear from Tuesday.
Are you upset about that?
Listen, I mean I thought he was already a blessing in disguise that if the ball went
to 790 that we don't have to hear him anymore at all.
And now because QAM is some stupid contract where he's on the payroll till 2006 we act
with him a show for two hours.
Yes.
Hey Neil, show us that he sucks.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Yeah you see it could have been worse you could have had Joseph Gackie in there.
That was our worst fear.
That was my real, in fact it wouldn't have surprised me if there would have stuck Joe
in there like 5 or 7 in the morning because he had hankered tight.
So I would have, you know, it's kind of like the lead-in.
Although he's actually sounds alive in the morning to get you awake.
One thing I'll say for the rock solid, the big, at least he sounds awake, you know.
He may not have any idea what he's talking about, but at least he sounds awake and he's,
you know, if he could work on that English a little bit and drop the old banana boat accident,
he'd be okay.
He's alive.
Yeah, at least it's not supporting news radio.
I told you they would do that.
I think I embarrassed him out of that idea.
That would have been so humiliating and degrading like in the middle of morning drive or starting
it out with a canned show of sporting news radio that nobody would listen to.
That would have been even embarrassing for us and takes a lot to embarrass this company.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I'm waiting for the Florida Pancer tickets.
Okay.
We loved the pay.
They had a monster game.
Maybe they got a perfect record.
They are undefeated.
That's right.
Line 9, Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Sounds like me.
Sounds exactly like me or my twin.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm listening to Stern this morning and that wacko broad was on.
Talking about how God was punished in the sweetens.
Yeah.
He's turned in Thailand for child pornography and so he caused this tsunami.
Uh-huh.
She was crazy.
Oh, is it broad?
Uh-huh.
Well, what does he put that on for?
I don't understand.
How does that fit in with the show?
Where did that whole thing come from?
It's supposed to be shocking.
I know.
I'm not exactly sure.
But what's it?
I mean, the shot it went to.
I mean, was he a lesbian at least?
Was he a dyke?
No, I don't think so.
He said he was here.
He did not fit in with Howard's show.
I don't know.
Must have been.
Maybe the producers screwed him up.
All right.
Okay.
Thanks for the bad news.
So there you go.
So that's why that orthodox shoe that sent us the facts and then I got all whipped
up into a frenzy that writes G-D.
Well, I mean, what is that already?
Huh?
Lose the payest, by the way, sweetheart.
I guess we'll wait till 11 o'clock to start with the heavy duty, right?
Right.
This stuff is important.
And I don't want to have to keep repeating it all day about what the deal is going to
be.
Right.
We got all these calls right now.
That's what I'm saying.
And of course, they could be more important.
Or not, you know, you never know.
Could be.
Chamba?
Dominic Q.A.
I'm Hello.
I got two more movies for you, Liz.
Go right ahead.
G-D?
That one that's really good.
Oh, yeah.
G-D.
G-L-I.
G-L-I.
Oh, my God.
How'd you forget that one?
I know.
And one that came out with my account, he glitters.
I was pan-target.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Two fantastic.
They're going to be in the top five, guaranteed.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Have a good one.
G-L-E.
Oh, yeah, with J-Lo and Venn.
I'll, whatever it takes, we can't say it under anymore.
Venn F.
Right.
WQM.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm a lady.
I can't believe it.
You got to run on ladies now.
Hi.
I'm angry that Howard's off the radio.
Right.
And I, that forced me to sign up my satellite radio last night.
Uh-huh.
But in the clarification for the lady that was on this morning, she's an attorney.
And she has a large family.
And they were at some kind of protest.
And somebody from Howard's staff thought it would be a ghost to have them on the radio
to the interviewer.
She's been on like several years.
But it turns out to be a good scenario to have she's on like they just, you know, they
backlash at her, you know, that she's not.
Uh-huh.
I'm, you know, again, really upset that he's off the air and I'm enjoying my satellite
radio.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you.
She's enjoying her satellite radio.
The only problem is that Howard's not on satellite radio yet.
And it could be a year or close to it.
It may be less, but we'll still be real good at using it by that time.
That's right.
Practice makes perfect.
Okay.
Let me see.
Look, it doesn't, what is it going to do to me, right?
I mean, I'm here.
The price is right.
It doesn't cost anything.
Listen to this show.
A lot of people obviously who were listening to Howard discovered us and I thank him for
that.
I told him he'd bring people to AM radio and we're ecstatic.
But don't look at me.
I mean, I'm not going to create a mess and I'm not the one that solved it the way that
they did.
It's just another mess.
And the, the, I don't even know what you were to use for.
It's just a nightmare that just never ends in his place.
As they keep shuffling and shuffling and all started, it all started with Greg Reed and
Barry Jackass as when he was planning that summer about three years ago, planning those
stories and buries called about how he wasn't very happy with the first team's ratings
in the morning and he might make some changes.
And then of course, you know, Joe Rose told him he was leaving the QA to go full-time with
NBC6 and right away when you can't leave, you're all fired.
But stay on here until we figure out what we're going to do.
I mean, talk about bizarre.
You're fired, but please stick around until we have somebody else to stick in there in
the morning.
And then we went through all those different incarnations of the DFO and then we had DFO
with the engines and then it was Ron Hershey, Highway and Carolyn and who else was on
there?
I was in the room.
I mean, just a whole bunch of goofballs in there and then that didn't work out.
And then we really solved the problem with the moment.
Although I think, I'll say it again, I think that when we hand him to him five, eight
and Joe Rose, eight to ten and everything else was just, everything was great back in
the spring.
But some people never stopped settling.
They're just never satisfied.
And I said, I just kept saying, I mean, not to anybody in particular because they don't
speak to me anyway, but just like on the year, I would say, well, I don't know why you
people want to put stirring on or why this is intriguing to you because in this market,
he's not on the air in this market for a reason, okay?
Do I have to spell it out?
Do I have to draw a picture?
Do I have to shoot a photograph?
I mean, what do I have to convince you that in this South Florida market, it's like
suicide to put it on the air?
Oh no.
And then of course they go on and they like, it ended out like 80's in and dumps every
day and they got poor mucket up at 430 and they're more into coming in and sit there with
the 18 dump buttons.
And then on top of that, then we got this show that starts anytime and whatever the hell
he decides to go home.
So everybody was like, all bent out of shape.
In addition to that, the numbers weren't all that great.
You look at that November trend of four, was it four, six and man?
What's that?
Moe could do that.
They did do that.
Exactly.
So the whole thing was just another in a series of bungles.
Remember that, the bungles?
The bungles?
Yeah, with muddy python.
Or was it the bugles?
I don't know.
WQM, hello.
QAM.
Yes sir.
What's up buddy?
How are you doing, pal?
Hey, I'm doing great man.
I can't.
You might have talked to you.
Listen, a couple of things as a listener.
Put your Howard David on.
That's what they're going to do with two o'clock.
Evidently.
That's a great move.
Because the controversy between him and George and you and him, all that stuff was excellent
radio.
Right.
And that's going to come across on the air.
It's going to be good stuff.
You guys are going back and forth.
Hey, but we won't.
We won't hear Howard.
Take off those checkered pants.
Yeah.
So we love each other now.
Yeah, well that's good though.
I mean, believe me, the truth will come to a head.
You guys will be back at it.
Oh yeah.
Maybe the other strokes make no mistake about that.
We hit them like poison right now.
And how it's turned was an absolute disaster.
As a listener, only because of what they had to do to it to hacking it up.
Yeah, they put you in.
I don't know how it was that listable.
I think.
And the other thing about you being on satellite radio, you know, you would really have a
your show with really fit as it is now if you're on the air and they simultaneously
on satellite.
Because you couldn't really do something over the top of what you would normally do.
You wouldn't have any less restrictions because you know, it's so beyond the air.
So that kind of doesn't work.
You know, now you on satellite by itself would be great.
Because if you like listening to you on the internet, when the transmitter shut down,
you can actually say things that are, you know, really.
Yeah.
I don't have a need to do that though.
I'm surviving just fine.
I don't have any other parts.
You know how many, how many thousand parts sounds I played on the air in the last 25
years?
Probably a million, you know.
And no matter.
After the last million parts, you know, it's the smell gets too familiar.
But no matter what, you're great.
I listen to you now.
I've listened to you for 20 years.
Plus, I got your clean and cool with the headphones on.
I still love the income out of what you do.
I listen, okay.
And I'm just making my statement.
Well, thanks a lot for the lick job, pal.
Have a great weekend.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Licky, Licky, that was good.
Mark says, can you please tell us what station we can hear how?
Or just let us know, let you know your number one of my book.
Boy, oh boy.
Too much suction.
That's kind of boring.
He's on WPBZ.
That's in Palm Beach, FM.
I don't know where you live, Mark.
But if you're like in central Broward North, then you're okay.
If you're central Broward South, forget about it.
I don't know what frequency that is, but we'll find out.
1031.
1031.
See, Josh knows because he listens to it.
He's up there in Pearl Springs.
He listens to Howard on the buzz.
Let's see, Bill and Fort Lauderdale, as far as Fort Myers go, Howard said, did say this
one, who is being dropped in four markets because of Beasley.
Now, I think he's confused.
I don't think so.
He's being dropped in four markets from what's the other company that's wrapping him?
I don't know.
There's got Syracuse and Louisville and whatever else.
I can't even remember what that one is.
So I don't know.
Everybody's a little bit confused.
Although Bill and Fort Lauderdale thank you this week have been excellent.
I'm going to show you nobody's perfect.
1058-560-WQAM, where we just can't keep our act together, but it will be, but about
we're all over the place.
We're in, we're out, we're up, we're down, we're on, we're off, and you keep listening.
And thank you for that.
Oh, I'm sorry, thank GD for that.
Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800-Makrists right
now.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, well-being, and productivity than
a good night's sleep.
And you can get one tonight and for years to come from Valor, Makrists, all you have
to do is just make that one easy call, 1-800-Makrists right now, and they'll be there
before the day is out.
If your Makrists is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably saggy or lumpy than it's
time for a brand new one, and you can choose from a complete line of Celi, Certa, Simmons,
Kingcourt, Tempropetic, and Stearns and Banana's Foster too.
Valor Makrists take same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to
Ford Myers.
You still get to pick the date into our window for delivery when you watch your Makrists
delivered.
There might be proud of their delivery record.
They ought to be 99% of the time on time.
The Alamakrists won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Tourist Award for
Reckless.
I've been using them for years and you want them to do the same.
If you want to be a stupid shopper, then get in your car, waste a lot of gas, time get
all sweated up and go to your bedding and department stores, and get ripped off.
But if you want to be a smart shopper, sit on your fat ass, reach over for the phone
and make that one easy call.
1-800-Makrists or log on to their website, mattress.com.
Dial Amatris 1-800-MATTRES.
1-16-Makrists.
First dude.
The USA caught me in my spider hole.
Now they tore me over to a rocky control.
But if the Americans don't keep me safe, ready to understand the big one more grave in
Iraq.
Yeah, here is Iraq.
As soon as they put me in the dark, I would drop in the jail as Iraq.
My people can hardly wait to make me pay, just like they did with the day in Tuesday.
Only one way to try and hover my post, now Johnny Cagren or Mark Geregos do Iraq.
Yeah, they come to Iraq.
Here my Selma don't stay alive, do they get to the jail as Iraq?
Baby, you man, lumpy icon, come up me.
Baby, I can even see the sand in thee.
I must have been crazy to get into this war.
It's like trying to steal donut from Michael Moore in Iraq.
Yeah, here is Iraq.
My head will soon be on the black.
And I will die in the jail as Iraq.
Die in the jail as Iraq.
Let me know 3 at 5.62 a.m.
The government accountability office and investigative armistice, the GA, said yesterday the
Bush administration violated federal law by producing and distributing television news
segments about the effects of drug use among young people.
The accountability office said the video is constant and cover propaganda because the
government was not identified as the source of materials which were distributed by the
Office of National Drug Control Policy that were broadcast by nearly 300 TV stations
and reached 22 million households.
The accountability office does not have law enforcement powers but its decisions on federal
spending are usually considered authoritative.
In May the office found that the Bush administration violated the same law by producing TV news
segments that portrayed the new Medicare law as a boon to the elderly is that Pat Boon,
speaking of right wing, Pat Boon to the elderly.
How's your boon in the box doing?
Still there's plenty of way there's no way to do it.
And also, you know, Armstrong Williams, that black right wing commentator, you've seen
him with the glasses and the bald head.
No.
You don't know who that is?
No.
No, wait till we get to that story about how he was on the payroll.
He wasn't getting paid to spew propaganda.
I mean, you know, if you're going to put people on television, let us know if they're on
somebody's payroll, if they're just paid propaganda, it's okay.
Before you put them on, there was like independent right wingers, left wingers, down-to-road
wingers, whatever they want.
That's a good way to tell, anyway.
Pile of crap.
Well, look at the passion of the crowd.
And I don't see Glee or a glitter on her yet, Josh.
I mean, maybe you're a little bit off your feet or whatever.
You should refresh them.
Yeah, buddy.
Believe you made me before that break, they were not on there.
I guess he's just waiting for the right.
He wants to give a handicap to the others.
And I still don't see him on there.
They're not on there, on mine.
Uh-oh.
I'll refresh one more time.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I'm going to give you a big one.
I haven't seen him today.
The program director isn't there on a day.
He just came back from vacation.
He's not there on a day when like Roma is burning and Neuro is fiddling.
I think Clarence burned Rome down.
You're blaming Neuro for it.
I think Clarence done it.
Mandage whose final 2-4 pm show is today said that the dolphins in 79 have given him no indication
whether he could do a talk show for WQM in the games for ESPN radio.
The former dolphins tight end and he would be bitterly disappointed if he could not continue calling games
but was prepared for that possibility.
I would miss it he said it's the most fun I've had in broadcasting.
I wonder if he even means doing the games with Mo.
The weekday talk show is considered more lucrative than calling dolphins games.
At WQM, Mandage would fill a slot vacated by Hank Goldberg's move the morning's beginning Monday.
See, very knows this schedule.
Whenever someone says it's not the money, it's the money Mandage said I was offered a hell of a job
in a nice platform from 4 to 7 pm, meaning at QAM.
In other words, there are good ones more cash.
I still say 2 to 6 is the deal.
When you think that would have been great, it makes a lot of sense.
That's why we're not doing it.
If Mandage doesn't continue calling games, logical options to replace him would include Joe Rose, Jimmy Cifalus, Nick Guadalcati, and Nat Moore.
Nat Moore is so bad.
Okay, not personal night.
You were a little player.
We love you.
Oh, God.
Remember I was talking about him several weeks ago.
Remember that John?
Yeah, he's terrible.
Oh, he's just awful.
He sounds like a crow.
Nat Moore is bad.
But he's a lot slower and...
Yeah.
You know what I mean? He just doesn't get his point out.
Oh, he's horrible.
It says, but any replacement will be challenged to achieve the popularity of Mandage.
Who is colorful, candid, commentary, motivated some fans to turn down the TV volume and turn up WQAM.
And obviously, generally, don't drive audiences for games, but Mandage might be exception.
So even Barry understands that.
And if Barry gets it, then it's not very a controversial is it?
It's as plain as they.
790, which has a business relationship with a hero to climb, come at a Mandage and the dolphins.
Has a business relationship with a hero.
In other words, you got your head up there, ask, or it is what you're trying to say.
You got your head way up inside there, but...
Now, he says, what the dolphins play by playman, how were David and will return to the booth, also remains in doubt.
David has been offered the 2-4 PM slot on QM who was nearing a deal Thursday.
At a boy, my old...
Absolutely.
His play by playcontrap of the team has expired, but WQAM must pay him as a top show host through March 2006, whether he works or not.
WQAM's Orlando L... I better do the break.
Yes, it goes on a bit and when it's well, when in doubt, drag it out.
You are listening to Neil Roger, who has gluten-gabby R56060.
QAM.
I don't have a clue what's going on.
What's going on?
And who are you minding?
That's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero.
Is Maurice Fure really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the hell.
Is Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant man?
It's in the hell.
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry?
It's in the hell.
Is Tim Baker about to get birthday Jerry Fallwell's baby?
It's in the hell.
Sex, sex, sex, more hot sex!
Oh, it's in the hell.
It's scary, hearts amazing, right?
Stylia from Florida.
Acrossward puzzle that has no answers.
Our own Pulitzer title is just for us.
I'll post no letters to Neil Roger.
And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day.
Mindless, badly rhetoric.
It's hell in the ladies' issue, huh?
The Miami hero.
Available at Supermarket Checkout counters everywhere.
And where final manure is spread.
You bet you an 1116 and 560 WQAM.
This is a pivotal day.
It's kind of like the turning point.
It's like we've reached the folk in the road.
You know I'm saying folks?
We've reached the folk in the road.
And now we're like, uh, we're going to turn it to the left to the right.
We're going to go like straight ahead.
We're going to like the chicken cross the road.
What are we going to do now, right?
Right.
Well, let me just read that previous paragraph again.
Whether dolphins play by play man, howard,
Moe Howard David had a return to the booth.
Also remains in doubt.
David's been offered the 2 to 4 PM slot on QM was nearly a deal yesterday.
His play by play contract with the team has expired.
But QMS Payment has talked show host through March 2006.
Whether he works or not.
See, we were all under the impression that it was this year March.
But it's March of next year.
Now, if you think these people are going to pay him off for another year and a quarter
without having a squeezing little butt out of your dream and right?
Right.
Then it goes on to say,
WQAM's Orlando Alzagiri, who is really rock solid.
Also known as the big, uh, whatever he is,
who has also earned a regular talks.
She was a strong possibility for a five to seven AM slot.
Oh, so in other words, that's, I thought it was, uh, done.
We don't know if anything is done.
Though we don't.
But if it's in here, very is put in here.
You know, we got it from somebody on the inside.
An intriguing battle between Rosen Goldberg Looms in the morning and the wake of Goldberg's move.
Rosen's 790 show will start an hour earlier and run 7 to 10 AM beginning Monday
with Craig Minervini and Jason Salabkin,
expanding their show from 10 AM to 1 PM.
Oh, how are we going to compete with Craig Minervini and Jason Salabkin?
We can't do that.
We're done.
It says it makes sense for QM to bump Howard Stern out and prepare for its future
because Stern will move to satellite radio in a year.
Oh, yeah.
You can say, oh, man.
Can you start sniffing word?
All of this came from?
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
Man, it's just amazing.
Just, uh, it's just, I just can't imagine anybody going through life with his little car homes.
Is that Puts is got, you know?
He's a smoothie.
It says some QA employees are downplaying the expected loss of the dolphins.
Some QA employees, in other words, he's talking to some moles on the inside.
Two of them said the marlins who are expected to be new with WQM are considered
a better financial investment largely because they provide more programming hours, at least
177 games compared with just 20 for the dolphins, the dolphins.
And WQM general manager, Greg Reed pointed out last year that NFL broadcast rights have
lost some appeal because fans with access to serious satellite radio can't hear the call of any game.
Before pursuing the dolphins, 790 express interest in the marlins, but QM's right to match
clause with the marlins essentially eliminated any realistic chance of the baseball team changing stations.
I'd like to point out by the way that the dolphins are a lost leader.
In other words, whichever station has them loses a bundle of money on them, and especially after a four and
12 embarrassing, humiliating and degrading season this year, and next season which promises not to be all that much better,
if not even worse, in spite of Nick Sabin and for Michigan State and LSU coming in.
Uh, it's, uh, you know, it may be very prestigious for a statement trying to get stuff on a map, but the bottom line is,
forget about it.
It's just, it's just crossed a lot of money, right?
Right.
Now also the last part of this says the last paragraph, thankfully, very among the finalists for the marlins TV,
TV, play by play, job, our radio announcer, Boob Shombie and Seattle Mariners pregame and postgame host Rick Walts,
Rich Walts, who finished number two behind New Cub's Void Blend Casper when the marlins job was last open.
The marlins are expected to televised nearly 150 games including 95 on Fox Sports, uh, whatever that is,
and others on a non cable station probably packs 35 buddy bud Paxton.
There's the man, there's the chigger in a wood pile buddy bud Paxton.
There is very scholar now.
Now you would own a Jim Sarny, okay?
Nope.
Who looks like he was hit by the ugly stick, he makes me look like Brad Pitt,
wake up and listen right, Jim Sarny, who's a pudgy silly old person.
He says, the morning dualist set, Hank Goldberg versus Joe Rose.
I've always maintained that like good competition.
It's good for everybody.
Don't you think so?
It's good.
Chris, what are we going to do with Mo?
Right, Doug, the bitch right now.
Okay, calm down.
Now you talk about a great hate.
Oh, remember those crossover days where you threw him a being in the studio at the same time
and we didn't even talk to each other or Joe would like wait out there until Mo left the studio?
They're just absolutely incredible.
Although Joe was kind of fond of Mo.
He is one good looking guy.
I know.
Anyway, Jim Sarny writes, see we made a better,
that's all you guys got you, Elfine, that's all you got.
No wonder they're stretching him out.
How about Joe Rose from Ciss Am to midnight?
Because that's all you got.
You got nothing.
Wait till we get to the line and hear about Hank running away.
First of all, the idea of Hank running from anybody who raised his soul music.
It was just a full-time way.
Yeah, he might be walking very sterequely, but yeah.
Yeah, he's running away from Dan LaVastur and Stu Gotts.
Oh, man.
See, that's what bugs me about this whole sports nerd talk radio.
When we first came to QM, all of these people,
all these little children who think that the broadcast is, you know,
we made fun of Let Him Artes, but at least he's a good guy
and he realizes he's illiterate.
But, you know, we had Donnie B and we had Stu Gotts.
We had all these other people who didn't belong on the air.
Even when he was on this station, wasn't I saying the same thing?
See, this isn't sour grapes because he's someplace else.
This is because when he's on this station, I say, he's a nice guy.
He doesn't belong on the air, even to say hello, goodbye, or have a nice day.
Stu Gotts.
Right? And I always say that?
You always said that.
And I was absolutely correct as usual.
Anyway, the morning dualist said, Hank Olberg versus Joe Rose writes Jim Sourning.
Goldberg, the king of afternoon drive in the market,
takes over for Howard Stern on WQM Monday morning,
where he'll face up against Rose's former QM favorite on 790 ESPN radio.
Waxi, Waxi, baby, Waxi.
To mark the battle, ESPN radio is moving Rose's show up an hour to go head to head with a hammer
from 7 to 10 a.m.
If the hammer, this is the quote of the century from a man with a lot of money
who is deluding himself.
He reminds me of Alan Cohen, another Jewish guy, who thought he was going to buy the Panthers
and start making money like crazy and be a big shot.
Guess what, Alan?
Forget about it.
And the same with Joel Feinberg.
Now he may be a nice guy.
I don't know.
I never met him.
I don't know who the hell he is.
I know he's got a ton of money.
But this quote, I want you to mark this down, folks, right on your arm, like in Memento.
If the hammer is going to run from Dan La Bastard Institute,
and thinks he can get a head start on Joe by starting at 7 a.m.,
then the big dog will get at least at 7 a.m. said Joel Fein, president and CEO
of Primetime Media Group, which owns ESPN radio.
He's running from Dan La Bastard Institute guts.
Well, let me just interrupt my reading, my fine reading of Jim Sarni's column,
with the ratings from the afternoons from ESPN's and Waxi, a build-up radio.
You ready for these?
I'm ready.
In the November trend, in the month of November,
men, 18 plus, which of course is your target demo, men and a sports station.
Six a.m. to midnight, they had a one point down from a one-five in October.
They had a one-four in September, one-five in October, and now to a one.
So they're really building momentum.
Not six to 10 a.m. to four in September, two six in October, a two-two in November.
They're wearing a lovely two-two.
Can't kind of understand.
Midday is up against us, the formidable team of Craig Minervini and the John Slopkin Webbers name is.
They had a one point six in September, a one point one in October, and in November,
a point six, a zero, a point six.
Now, here's what Hank is running from in the afternoon.
Okay, running, racing away from.
Like a man being chased by the Boston Stranger, okay?
18 plus men in the afternoon, three to seven p.m. in September, they came in with a one point two,
Dan LaVastard and Stubgatz.
October, they peeked at a one point four in November, a one point.
Oh, I'd be running away too, man.
I'd be running for my life if I was up against stiff competition like that.
Oh, Joel, who are you, kid in the sweetheart?
Get serious, and I hope that you're Hall of Odinco bad.
Man, that is unbelievable.
Anyway, Joel Feinberg continues to go on by saying we've had an overwhelming demand from our listener
since we started to have Joe Rose on earlier, and we felt like this would be a great time to do so.
Oh, no, he didn't say that.
Program director John Weiner, who also is Stubgatz.
Nothing like a little trash talk to get the pot boiling, sorry, and he says,
although no one else wanted to say anything in print through.
The airwaves should be burning today.
Oh, the airwaves are burning today.
Yeah, they were really burning on Howard's show.
He didn't even say goodbye to the South Florida audience.
I thought that would be very tacky.
See, I shouldn't say that because then I'll get calls.
How come you hate Howard?
See, I don't understand that.
It's just because I might criticize one little point here that I don't hate Howard Stern.
I thought it was going to be really great in the beginning until we realized that the whole thing was ill-conceived
and being butchered up in a school in our show too.
It was a nightmare as well to turn down.
I had no problem with Howard, but she's don't be so uptight and thin skinned.
Like if you criticize anything, they're all like the fact that our show got bumped back to start whenever it felt like going home.
You know, we're here too, okay?
We're here too and then here at Hall of Odinco.
Anyway, Stubgatz.
The airwaves should be burning today, it says Jim Sarni.
Burning smoke in man, we're smoking it.
A big fat one.
We wrap the herald in a sunsend on each one, one big fat one in each paper.
And we'll see which one burns most evenly.
WMOctavulgence new lineup.
Check the station website.
It's airing the Browns Dolphins game Sunday.
QM has never been a listener or media friendly station.
It's easy as jealous of very jackass because buries got the inside line.
Never been a listener or media friendly station.
What does that mean?
Just because we keep jerking the audience around all the time and changing the schedule every five minutes.
Right.
Or because we only tell everything to very jackass, we don't care about Jim Sarni and Tom Jicca.
Well, but of course QM website, Jock Portis wants the world to know that he's got nothing to do with that mistake in there today.
Not no mo.
No, he has nothing to do with that QM website anymore. He doesn't want to be associated with it.
He doesn't want to look at it, he doesn't want to hear about it.
That's not our problem, okay? Not our job.
They got the Browns Dolphins game.
Maybe they're going to try it again.
It was so circulating the first time.
Then they went to overtime, maybe they're going to put it on again.
The speculation is right, Sarni. I better do the break.
There.
Now there's not that much more to this.
The speculation is that Jim Madness and Moove and look at Gilly is moving up on the patch to Christ.
You see, we gave it a head start. Gilly's already got 30 votes and we just put it on there.
So Josh just gave the other movies a head start knowing that Gilly will probably pass all of them like their standing still.
Yeah, that was my plan.
That was the plan.
Oh, see, now I better do the break.
Yours means a meal, Rogers.
The rest of you are in the park, 60s.
QAM.
Why are you bursting?
Robert, you've been in J. On the half of almost a year.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Everything's cool.
Was your relationship before Bonnie's death a friendly relationship?
Nope.
Were you ever violent? Sure. Yes.
Barbara?
Bonnie never had a chance.
And that night, the night of her death.
The trip to Vitello's is all dark.
It's all quiet and right then and there.
I'm sad I've been waiting for this for a long time.
You get killed by me.
And it was nice having that gun.
It really was.
When 2020 returns.
Robert, you are so cute.
Where have you been for two years?
There's forensic evidence. I'm from murderer.
Next.
Number 30 at 560 W here in the Mad Dog is last 2 to 4 show today.
We ought to have a humongous audience today.
We ought to be breaking records.
The needle ought to go off the end of the Richter scale.
Wouldn't you think? You'd think.
There's been this tremendous buildup of all this publicity.
And we still don't have a schedule, at least on paper.
Anyway, so Jim Sarni finishes by saying the speculation is that Jim managed to move
from 2 p.m. to Goldberg's 4 p.m. time slot opposite Dandelabaster than Stugots.
Stugots.
Manage has a strong following and should do well.
Wow. How perspicuous on your apartment, Mr. Sarni.
It'll be interesting to see if WQM makes him change his show and add guests.
Dandelabaster show is heavy with guests.
You know, like we're going to be emulating Dandelabaster.
Okay, another one that doesn't belong on here to say, uh, boy, is the S and whatever else he says.
Give me a break.
Mad Dog.
See, that's one thing they don't do is they don't program the shows.
I will give him that credit for that. They don't interfere.
If, if, if, manage is, you know, hates guests.
What does he need guests on there for, huh?
Let Hopper have all the guests in the morning.
And the mad dog will get on there and swirl us an entertain us with his usual hysterical, uh, bizarre,
whatever it is that he does.
And he has to do him for three hours, right?
If he wants.
Rest.
Let me just tell you this, Jim.
Sorry. If man that wants guests, he'll have guests.
If he doesn't want to have guests like his usualist policy, he won't have any guests.
How do you like that, Putso?
Then he goes on to say the next question for QM, who gets the 2 p.m. slot?
How are David and did, who's giving pay for doing nothing since he lost his morning show to Stern, is a logical choice.
ESPN radio is expanding cragment of any from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Oh, God, I don't think we can possibly compete with little crag.
Meanwhile, there's the matter with Adolfins Radio deal, which appears headed to ESPN radio.
What happens to Manage and David, who also worked for WQM?
I have no freaking clue, Manage sent on this show.
Huh, Thursday.
See how pression I was when I played that little drop in there at the beginning of the thing, whenever the hell it was?
Where the hell is that?
I, uh, I, uh, I don't have a clue.
See, there it is.
One thing that sure says Jim, sorry, and he sports talk radio will not be boring this year.
Well, he's not on this station, he won't.
Because we've got people that the audience wants to listen to.
We've got the big fan, Hopper.
We've got the mad dog, right?
Right.
And then we got our close personal friend, the master, who's just around to add to Titan Agrivate, and a lot of people who are doing just here, the chemistry, rekindled again.
Won't that be great?
I'm looking forward to that.
I think that was a good move.
I mean, depots, our audience voted overwhelming for depots.
They're just holding a grudge against them all.
They don't realize how boring that would be with the, although we don't know, with a corn man.
When he be filling that hole, the corn man from a 2 to 4, no comment.
We're kind of a whole way to call that, if you fill it with corn.
Anyway, here's what we got so far.
Just move along. You don't have to respond. It's a rhetorical question.
Yeah.
He'll come in here and start repressioning on you again.
I can't believe you actually ran into him and all of a sudden he sucked up a little bit.
We grilled. We grilled.
Yeah, get out of here.
He hates you, man.
So what he said?
Well, let me ask you this question.
What was he doing in that meeting that day about that account that when they raked you over the coast and took you out to the wood shed, not once but twice right in the middle of the show?
What was he doing in there?
What did he have to do with the Treasure Island?
What did he have to do with the accounting for QAM?
Since he works for Power 96. What's he got to do with anything?
I guess he's good at adding columns up to the wood.
Yeah, add this.
Okay. One in one makes you, Maddie, about two feet of crap.
Anyway, here's what we got in the pool.
Now, see, I couldn't say any of this if I would agree to those clauses.
They want to put in my deal.
Oh, we have...
Yeah.
You're being just farboding.
It's not bad enough that we censored out all the language and I can't play 80% of the comedy bits.
But they wanted to like censor out what I could talk about.
I couldn't be knocking Wayne anymore.
I couldn't knock Alan Cohn or the Panther organization.
I couldn't say that certain players succ think they join out like, you know, AJ Tetsu Fili,
with his nose out of joint.
I couldn't say those things.
See, what it shows me is a very basic lack of understanding in their part of why people listen to this show,
and what this show is all about.
From the day we started on this show, one thing I can guarantee you, these people don't understand.
They like the ratings. They like the money, even that much better.
But they don't get it.
I mean, if I'm going to like sitting here and do a problem every day,
forget about that.
I'll go to serious.
I'll call Howard right now.
I'll call up Don Buckwald and Howard.
Hey, guess what?
I changed my mind.
All right?
They can wipe their ass with that contract.
By the way, don't forget Red Cross of a candidate.
That's if you're in Canada.
If you want to help out, they found another 7,000 dead people in Samakura, at least.
So the total is 147,000 so far.
It's going to be over 200,000.
And I'll say it again, which I said last hour.
If you want to send money off to charities and think you're doing something good,
if you don't know where the money goes, or if 90% of it goes into some CEO's pocket,
or for bureaucratic waste, even though your intentions are good,
all you're going to do is waste your time and money, especially.
So find a group.
That's why when I saw that on the news last night, I thought, boy, the timing of that is perfect,
because they were talking specifically about 85% of the money is guaranteed,
and they're shooting for 95%.
So that as little as possible is taking off the top for expenses,
so that they get all of the money that's donated, all of the goods,
and whatever the food and things that are bought, with that money is going to go to the people
who need it, as opposed to somebody's pocket, who's got a title in some organization.
Anyway, I'll pull today the worst movie of the New Millennium from 2000 till right now,
to feel this moment, is the Passion of the Christ 62, was off to a huge start.
Glee, 35, moving nicely into second place, 39 now, zooming up.
Van Helsing, 9, Alexander, 8, not too great.
Glitter, 5, Harold and Kumar go to White Castle, 5, although we did like the White Castles.
Around the world of the ADA, 4, the Village 4, Scott Captain, the World of the Mara 4,
the big bounce, 3, she hate me one, beyond the seat, don't have any of the first 144 vote,
and you can add all you want on there.
You can add any of the more movies that are the worst of these last five years,
and you can also evacuate on these changes now, which again, we're only speculating,
I think it's written in like a silly putty right now,
it's not written in stone, but generally speaking, so here's the line up from Monday,
on this station, as we get it, not written down on a piece of paper anywhere,
because that would be, that would be too unlike us at QAM.
They could at least write a dollar like in crayon or pencil, right?
Or an er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
I thought that's where all those good religious right wingers are in Orange County, California, huh?
Huh? There.
And Orange Middle School teacher accused of having sexual contact with two 13-year-old boys who were former students who was a reindeer yesterday.
Sarah Susan Beats, Solario, 28 of orange, with 20 counts of ludax on a child under 14 years old.
20 counts. Now, who's counting?
The suspect who taught for two years at Santiago Charter Middle School was arrested Tuesday.
A day after one of the boys told his parents about his alleged contact with his former teacher, Sergeant Dave Hill, said,
Bench, or I see I got the wrong name, Ben Solario, who taught reading in English was booked Wednesday at the Orange County jail, with Bonn said at a million dollars.
Hill says our investigation indicates the teacher initiated the sexual contact, and that this contact with place over a period of several months.
We're looking at events that span several months throughout 2004, and part of that investigation has determined if that happened before that.
We believe the contact with place at various locations, and we're investigating whether it was at the party's homes or at the school.
After the one boy came forward, a follow-up investigation determined there was a second victim, Hill said, but didn't know if both boys knew about each other.
We are confidently salinity of our charges, he said.
Victim, they should. You notice that?
Right.
The district attorney said the Ben Solario seduced the students over dinner and threw emails and phone calls during a series of months before the alleged sexual contact.
An attorney for Ben Solario said she is embarrassed. She did not enter a plea yesterday in another court appearance of the schedule for next week.
Ben Solario has married to Christopher Solario, who is...
But third man!
...an electrical foreman who garnered 45% of votes but lost a bid for trustee in the Orange Unified School District in the November election the other time says.
Couple are raising his three siblings. His three siblings ages 5, 10, and 14 as foster children, according to the newspaper.
Uh-oh. Orange Unified School District Superintendent Robert French said Ben Solario has been placed on administrative leave in the district who is cooperating in the investigation.
What is this from? What's from NBC San Diego, NBC News TV?
They spell her name three different ways in this story 80 million times.
Orange Unified School District already said that. This is a personal matter and not that the basis district can give no additional information to the audience.
Under the provisions of the California Penal Code, can I say that?
Police notified the California Commission on Teacher Credentialing of Ben Solario's arrest.
There you go. And they got full numbers and they're for other kids to call if she's been diddling with them, if they're victims.
Wait till we get to the Michael Jacksonster who the New York Post is going to make hair grow on your bald spot. I'm telling you.
But we'll do that momentarily.
After we take several more great calls. 91 votes for the Passion of Christ is the worst movie of the New Millennium so far.
But right on its right on Jesus' ass is jeely with 80.
You watch. That's going to go blowing by and glitter.
It's moved into the brother. Nice going, Pally. Thanks, that caller called in the last hour. Thank you.
Glitter 17. All that glitters is not so good. Van Helsing 11, Alexander 9. Around the world of 80 days has got six.
The village six sky captain world of the moral six. She hate me. If you haven't six and then after that's my small potatoes.
Somebody Q a and hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
I know. Just about this whole man.
I think you know that the boss and you answer. If they touch manage man, Mr. H is going to have to answer to me.
Okay. I'm seeing this guy and just to attend the day. Can you please play on the days and manage screaming at each other please?
What is it? Manage in Andre's canter. Yes.
Do we have that? You made it. You would always mix it live on the side. So you will. Yeah, that's right.
I'm have the Andre scanner thing. I do. And you got managed if you wanted to. We could do it.
Okay. Well, you should we give it a try. Wait a minute. I got to find a. No. Is it in your DCS? Right. You got the land is screaming. I'll play Andre's you play man.
Okay. Go ahead.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay. Let's see.
Wow.
5670560, pound 560 on a Verizon cigarette arousal on a very, very momentous day. Write this one down in your calendar in January 7th, 2005, boys and girls.
We're still waiting on a schedule, by the way. Duff. Hold your breath.
What do you mean by that? In other words, you don't think that when we leave it to a clock, I don't think that when we leave it to a clock, we will have a schedule.
Probably because it's not all even done yet. You think? I know. WDQA and hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Happy New Year, Neil. Back to you, Pali.
Hey, I was just calling him because I called it called earlier. He's a, he's a moron.
If everybody knows that the man that's got a regular respect for you and, and he loves you on the air.
We have a hurry tight, believe me. You wouldn't even want to know how tight. We've actually powered together.
Yeah, the guys are more on the cousin one and the, he's an old turd man. He's an old turd.
How about a good bomb movement in 30 months?
I would love to hear the Matt down from two to six, but I also remember this morning, the other guy, because I can't stand how it's turned in the morning.
So I turned on the Joe Rose because that's another one that Greg Reed let go.
Right. And Joe Rose was the thing that he would love to recruit the Matt down because of the whole dolphin thing.
Sure.
Well, he made it an offer evidently, but thank the Lord. Thank you.
God, send them down, I guess.
Yeah, well, I just got one last thing. Greg Reed, we hate you.
Okay, amen. Thank you, Pali. Good. There's a caller. He knows where the bodies are. He knows where it's at.
He knows the kind of crap that goes on in this place.
Yeah, the guy that called before said, I sound so much happier. I told him back in late August.
You remember those days?
I do.
And I said, everything is just great. I'm ecstatic. Everything. Of course, that was before we realized that our audience was getting really ported off about the whole starting time thing.
But that was the only problem.
And I said, hey, I'll continue doing this crap until I profil. They stick me in a box. That's what a good mood I was in.
And of course, they turned it around and here come the hysterical calls, clarence and duff on the phone.
And Greg is having another nervous breakdown. And did you say this? And the normal can't say that.
All the other crap. And of course, that went on through the other. I would say probably the obvious contract negotiations, even Jimmy Hoffa would have made a comeback to intervene on this.
That's how grotesque it was. And the people were saying, well, then why did you sign it? That's a very good question.
I don't know. That is a good question. But you notice how much better of mood I'm in right now?
I don't want any more of those frantic hysterical calls, duff or clarence or Greg. Because I'll just slam him down. I'll slam that phone right down.
The last one I got was official business. Don't hang up. It's not official business. It's monkey business. It's somebody there which I don't want to mention his name.
Having an under nervous cow. Okay. Just keep him away from me and everything will be just fine. Keep him out of my face.
We got our tend to we don't need any help, any interference. We don't need Maddie Bell trying to get George fired.
We don't need anybody screwing around with a summer fillings or anything else. Everything here. George, Josh, George, Julia. Everything is just fine.
Except that Josh didn't put those two names on there right away. That's okay. That worked out well, didn't it? It caught up though, didn't it?
Oh, yeah. In fact, it's right on Jesus' ass right now is Julie. Man, no wonder Jesus looks so distressed. Jesus Christ.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQAM ringing the new year with a new car truck from the folks at Armstrong, Florida Homestead.
You may be been putting off buying anything but don't wait no more because for a limited time, get yourself 0% financing and any of the following.
New O5s in stock ready for immediate delivery escapes free stars, toruses, F super duty Harley Davidson trucks and the all new Ford 500.
Want more than how about 1.9% financing on all new O5 expeditions, explores F-150s and Rangers, certain restrictions apply.
Lots of Armstrong, Florida Homestead are jam packed with fantastic vehicles right now and they're cutting prices like crazy to save you even more cash.
And of course, at Armstrong Ford, they always offer you more value because when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
That is absolutely correct. Tires and batteries for life plus for a limited time, a free sun pass too. David Rich and the staff at Armstrong, Florida Homestead will guarantee you the best price and they'll treat you great because they're locally owned and operate.
They want to get to know you, they want to make you a customer for life so they'll treat you just like family.
And I guarantee you, I'll bet you man he's life on it several times over, you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere.
No bait and switch, no fooling deals. Armstrong, Florida Homestead, there are 30725, South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on at wicked way at armstrongcars.com and then drive a little and save thousands from Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
The Miami-Douglas is super bowl half time show featuring Injury Field who will expose his rest.
And the Olindo-Mari High Kick Vancellus.
Let the Miami-Douglas dazzle you with all their sparklings out beatwembers.
Get off this, the funniest football team since the movie Gus with the Miami-Douglas Super Bowl half time show.
From 16 can't wait for that, they are spectacular aren't they the doffens anyway.
If we lose the game's big deal, it's gonna save a lot of money. In fact, maybe we'll start paying George and Jackson more money if we say that they think.
All that cash we're gonna save from giving it just put into Wayne's pocket and Wayne needs it. I'll tell you why. I got a big hot story coming over right now.
Here it is. Fresh off the O'Wire's. You want one of the most expensive home sales ever recorded in...
...County.
...Vinionaire businessman H. Wayne Heisinga, old baldy, pot face, has purchased the eclectic waterfront mansion of his friend and business associate Michael Egan.
The one acre estate situated at a bend on the New River has been on the market for $15.8 million.
But the actual sales price is not known. Local real estate experts said yesterday the last time a home fetched upward to $15 million was more than four years ago.
That's why he needs that money for them dolphin rights, right? Right.
What is this thing you just sent me?
I thought you were in Target and I thought you might find them using...
...the passion of the Jew. That's a South Park thing. That's great. I got to get that. Is this for real?
I don't know. I never heard of it. I'm gonna search for it right now.
Well, there's the picture of the recovery, but they might have done that themselves.
Get out of here from Steve. I think that's a beautiful thing.
Oh, it's a real thing. I mean, that's so fast. I'm psychic.
Oh. The one acre estate, well let's see. Even among its posh New River neighbors, the Egan Home, a $15.75 Pustelion Drive stands out.
The $18,000 square foot houses a blend of Mediterranean and French New Orleans styles and features a pagoda at one end of its swimming pool.
Hizing his lawyer at his investment firm, Richard Handley would only confirm the sale and state that Hizing have planned to move there from his current home across the river on Mola Avenue.
Is it Mola or Mula? He likes the Mula and that's why he lives on Mola.
Egan's lawyer couldn't be reached for comment. Tim Elms, a real estate agent, specializing in luxury home sales at the Elms group of Caldwell Banker, said the group was a good deal.
Even at its asking price, the market for homes priced about 10 million has been flat since 2001, but it's picking up the set.
It's one of the absolute flagship, a flagship properties here, Elms said of the Egan estate.
You have a mile of water view in front of the house and the character that the Egan's created makes it unique.
The relationship between Egan and Hizing, they spent to the rental car business.
Egan sold the Alamo Red Car Company to auto nation and led by Hizing, a auto nation later sold Alamo in the manner no longer executives in the company and a parkridge in the piratory.
So there you go, Wayne just bought a $16 million house and needs the big bucks for the rights of the dolphins because like he said, he's not in it for the sports fans.
He couldn't give a crap about them. He's in it for the money after the 97 Marlon World Series win.
Remember those days? We sure do. He says a lot of things. In fact, that's probably why he and Greg got along so well.
The people would say a lot of things, whatever is expedient at the moment.
I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it.
Tell him one last time.
The Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility.
I will not play here.
Wow.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
That's probably why he sold Alamo on the Panthers because he didn't want to keep playing there and like you know, have people say, hey, here's a guy that said one thing and they went back on his words and did something else, right?
Right. Here's a fact from Mike who says I think part of the reason you showed us so well is because you control the length of the brace between your segments.
That is correct. We don't like those 9 10 minute breaks with their new slots to mad dog and Humper should never they should lever to shorten their breaks versus the 10 minutes that they have now.
No one's going to sit through these voids. Well, if man dogs got 10 minute breaks right now, which I don't does he?
I don't think so.
But they're obviously sitting through both Hank and mad dog because they both have big numbers.
So Mike, it's a good point.
And of course, if they want to butcher it up again like they did with the worst team, then the numbers won't be what they're supposed to be because people don't like those long.
Although Stern gets away with it. That's one thing you've got to give him to mend this credit for.
He does like 12, 13 minute breaks and the people still listen to you like that.
Shocking in it. It is. That's called loyalty. I don't care whatever you want to say because you're getting ready to do like one of your premeditated knocks.
The New York Post says, sicko stars touchy. Fili. Oh, there's AJ touchy. Fili again.
Now they're talking about Michael Jackson touchy. Fili rams with young boys. Prosecutors be saying here's this is long.
It's going to go through the break and go through 2006. It's a it's a long one. The story that is Michael Jackson's prosecutors who have matched a mountain of deeply disturbing evidence against the purported pedophile.
Underraged smut and liquid in his bathroom. I wouldn't have said he'd licked his young accuser like a cat and hit claim that his employee tried to cover up child boozing by tampering with the kids.
He's you're in a shocking new report reveals it's not just a new report. It is a shocking report. How do you like that? Shocking. Oh my god.
Wait till you hear this. Okay. Ready ready. Strap yourself in. Waco Jacko is pensioned for pornography fueled an insatiable lust for little boys.
According to law enforcement documents published on the website the smoking gun.com. In fact, you can read the whole of thing on there. I took a puke at it.
Jackson fancy to wide variety of skin mags. He allegedly used to have sat a 13 year old cancer stricken boy visiting him in February and March of 2003. The documents reveal Santa Barbara County Sheriff's deputy.
Found a treasure chest of damaging evidence in Jackson's home and compiled a series of troubling. I wouldn't have accounts the website reporting in a search warrant affidavit Santa Barbara County Sheriff's
sergeant Steve Robelle described how Jackson masturbated his boozed up victim. I'll do it for you. I'll show you Robelle wrote recounting what the alleged victim reported Jackson saying upon their first sexual encounter. Michael then grabbed him in his private area.
The boy said that both he and Michael were wearing pajamas and lying in Michael's bed. Michael placed his hand down the front of the boys pajamas and started masturbating him. The boy said he filled Michael. He didn't want to do it, but Michael kept doing it. Michael told him it's okay. It's natural.
The child told detective Jackson took him for a vacation in Miami and provided him red wine known as Jesus juice. Hidden in a die cop can't tell him just to drink it to relax him.
Authority said they believe Jack O'Neill he was in trouble for giving alcohol to a youngster. So we see more literally try to cover up his crime. The boy was set to give a urine sample as part of his ongoing cancer treatment in March of 2003.
But oddly on the way to delivering a sample to doctors, a Jackson aid accidentally spilled out almost the entire sample making it impossible for doctors to test it according to skeptical police reports. Just an accident you understand.
Right. A very strange coincidence. Deputy spot a leather bag next to Jackson's bathroom sink and a sense tonight briefcase near his bed both containing porno mags, club, barely legal and couples the website reports.
For barely legal DVDs in the racy documentary, Pimp up hose down were also discovered by cops and Jackson's bedroom library.
I think that title again would you? Pimp up hose that's HO Apotheous. Pimp up hose down. Maybe that's what Michael needed somebody to hose him down. Sounds like there was some kind of hose job going on here.
Three books with pictures of new men were found in Jackson's bathroom with open bottles of Jack Daniels and Pinot noir.
Jackson's bathroom stash also included professional pictures of a semi nude girl, a letter addressed to dear Applehead, a favorite Jackson nickname for young friends, and a Christmas party invitation from accused hubby-beder Liza Manelli, the website reports.
Notorious fag-hag Liza Manelli. Jackson gave his young Neverland visitors ridiculous names like Dudu Head and Blowhole, uh oh, and told his victims that if they were busted looking at internet porn they should just say they were watching the Simpsons.
He even told his visitors that boys have to masturbate or they go crazy and threaten the children not to tell anyone about their encounters even her gun was held under their heads.
Details about his failed 1992 molestation case were also detailed on the website. Jackson allegedly has splotches on his buttocks and penis, a light cuff. See we can use these words not because it's a new story. Okay, Joyce just to relax.
Allegedly has splotches on his buttocks and a light color similar to the color of his face, the coin of documents. The one time accused her also told cops he could pinpoint the location of these splotches on Jackson's erect and knew its length.
The 1993 boy we counted several details that struck a similar note to elements of the current prosecution, including Jackson's alleged belief that man-on-boy masturbation is harmless a natural act.
masturbation is a wonderful thing that 93 accused her quoted Jackson is telling him before buying the boy's silence. Jackson allegedly threatened him telling the umster he'd be placed in juvenile hall if he ever said a word about their encounters or coin to old police affidavits.
The singer spokeswoman declined to discuss the shocking allegations yesterday setting a judge's gag order. His lead defense lawyer did not immediately return messages so he can comment.
He scheduled to go on trial on January 31st, facing a tent-count indictment for molestation conspiracy and flying as accuser with booze at the singer's neverland ranch mansion or for Santa Barbara.
As many as 4,000 summons to this to potential jurors have been mailed in northern Santa Barbara County residents in anticipation of a four to six month long trial.
The court papers revealed Jack O'Henry remarkably disturbing interest in the boy now accusing him of molestation.
This goes on forever. But it's good stuff, isn't it? It's great. Especially if they kneel under a cross. He could be in passion to Christ Part 2.
On February 6th, 2003, Payntrip back to California, the boy's brother and mother both witnessed Jackson licking the cancer victim by sticking his tongue out and moving his head.
Much like a cat would do in grooming according to a law enforcement affidavit said by the woman, oh man in the middle of lunch hour I got to hear this.
Jackson allegedly kept trophies of his February march conquest with his victim, squirreling away the boys, swirled underwear in a hamper, small-sized, hands-brand cotton brief that Deputy said they found at Neverland during the November 18th, 2003 raid.
During these repeated encounters, however, Jackson never had the boy touch him according to the website. He did tell his victim that white stuff would appear during their masturbation sessions.
The boy's mother, although oblivious to the alleged molestation, began demanding that she and her family be allowed to leave Neverland, a request repeatedly denied by Jackson's unindicted co-conspirators according to the website.
Former Jackson aide Frank Tyson allegedly told kids to keep quiet about leaving Neverland or I could have your mother killed.
Prosecutors find to show jurors how Jackson used the powerful combination of booze, porn, and explicit sex talk to put his victim in the mood.
Oh, let's play in the mood by Glenn Miller, what do you say? I got it. I think we got it there. We do have it, don't we? I do have it. All of that stuff.
Okay, great. Let's do a little interruptus here now. 27 past noon at QAM.
The more the things that we need, the more the things that we need, the more the things that we need, the more the things that we need.
Exclusively, on 5.60, at QAM.
Well, good.
Coming next year, the King of Proff, furniture, your home town, touring to benefit the Cardinal Classic School for wayward boys, is my goal.
The material isn't picky, I've got a very explicit side. Michael Jackson's gonna make so hard.
He's got fun with any child, it's gonna matter, let's be back all right. Michael Jackson.
Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson 5.
I'm getting down on my knees, removing the dough, going to hate, baby, see, fight on me, baby, you and me.
That's right. From the time of students at the Jackson 5, to the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefit to your aims to please.
The people are so little myself with budget and I have some call me a day, brother, son, a better style.
And I know what you defy a life is so wild and be defeated, be defeated.
I need be defeated, be defeated.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around so can we be full of call from a call, call me, call again.
When I'm home alone, sitting naked by the phone, I need to be defeated.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's pressing Michael Jackson's benefit.
Hey, yeah, Michael, yes, Bobby, because that year, you're in a skin color.
It's inside the couch, but I know a game that we can play to find out, and to do fly, you know, it's time to free willy fly.
Say, say what you want, but you know the right to the day, shall we?
Don't know how to meet with the two boys here.
Me and Rachel.
And here's a rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the showrun of the world with the Vienna Boys choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
I like male children.
They are the ones who turn me on and me.
I hope they will land.
It's the choice of making.
I might do a very nice, but it's true they make the greatest name with their choice.
Here are the great Michael Jackson classics.
White Billy's jeans.
You know how to tell time.
And of course, smooth criminal.
Jeff and Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Class of School.
Full wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys in the 10th minute, free for a cup of wine, no one.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
Oh, yeah.
Talk to them, too.
You know, I said, I didn't believe about it.
I just, I think everything kosher.
Okay.
Or did you do that?
I didn't learn.
Anyway, here's a fact before I get back to the Michael Jackson's saga from the New York Post this morning.
Ray W.Q. M. Long Brakes versus Stern's Long Brakes.
I've heard you compare Hank Goldberg's and Jim Mandage's W.Q. M. Long Brakes,
Howard Stern's Long Brakes.
The difference is Howard Stern runs 20, 30, 40 minutes segments followed by long brakes.
That's quite different than Q.M. running.
Three three three three minutes segments and 12 minutes breaks and three minutes segments and 12 minutes breaks.
The last batch was correct.
It makes no difference.
Who Greg puts on mornings and afternoons when it's 48 minutes,
uh, minutes, uh, slash hour of spots.
Other than your show, I wasn't at the 7.90 ESPN.
An interesting thing about this batch is it signs Joel Feinberg.
So thanks for listening, Joel.
Well, if that's the case, then how come they both have been kicking ass for so long?
Right?
Right.
I mean, I would agree that the brakes are sometimes aborted at the end.
I'm as foreshores in this station.
They're absolutely acceptable.
But then again, it's not for me to say like Johnny Macris would say.
Now, getting back to this, Jackson met the sick boy who was suffering from kidney cancer in early 2000.
They later were profiled in the British documentary, living with Michael Jackson.
Even before the documentary, Jackson was very close to his future alleged victim.
They spent hours on the phone and during visits to Neverland, they cruised through photographic websites.
Although Jackson never touched a little boy until February 2003, according to the report.
But as soon as that behind the scenes took, uh, look, hit the year in February of 2003.
Let me say it again.
But as soon as that behind the scenes looked hit the year in February 2003,
Jackson's team packed over the PR nightmare of the singer touched off by cuddling up with a little boy.
The club, when Aerolius gave molestation charges with another young fan of 93,
that potential accuser took a huge civil settlement and declined to help authority.
Said of our repressor, who has now apparently had the alleged victim's cooperation,
and are seeking use his testimony to Jackson's upcoming trial.
Once the firestorm of bad PR struck after living with Michael Jackson,
his aides planned to spin the story by producing the family for a press conference in Miami.
They were all whisked to Miami in a jet owned by comedian Jackson and pal Chris Tucker,
who was aboard the California to Florida ride according to the smoking gun.
But that press conference never happened because Jackson and his team decided to take a new lock-in-key approach
to giving the kid and family quiet according to prosecutors.
Teen Jackson allegedly moved and kept the family locked up at Neverland,
where the singer took a special interest in the boy and his mother,
and paid little attention to their sister, according to the website.
Joseph Takapina, a New York-based lawyer for Tyson and former Mouthpiece,
for a fellow unindigated co-conspirator Vincent A. Mann,
flutely denied that he either his client or former client ever threatened anybody.
It's so laughable, it's so ludicrous that those of these people were held hostage in Neverland
by Tyson and A. Mann, said Takapina, adding his client's act in more like chauffeurs than prison guards.
The mother when she was on her shopping sprees with Frank and Vinny on rodeo drive on Michael's dime,
was she in handcuffs, then she tell a store manager,
please call the police, and being held hostage in Neverland? No.
Tyson, A. Mann, A. Mann, Ronald Conitzer, videographer, Mark Schaffel,
and business manager, Dieter Weasner.
Our all-being investigator is unindigated co-conspirators, cops are revealed at the website.
A legal analyst said prospective jurors who live in rural Santa Barbara County
are already inoculated Jackson's eccentric taste,
but that these new revelations could be damaging.
This would hurt a more if people didn't already know him as well.
They already think he's a freak, said Fox News Channel,
legal editor, Stan Goldman, a law professor at Loyal,
a Miriam out of University of LA,
but being seen as a freak is never a helpful thing, though, he's saying.
Unless it's Maddie Bell.
So there you go, that's the article from the near post today.
Sikko's star is touchy-feeling, romp-shrie-un-born.
Pussy-feeling. Got it? Got it.
Okay, let's take a bunch of calls for this day.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
The poll we got so far, the worst movie of the millennium.
Since 2000 is, got a good battle going on, man. They are side by each.
Passed to the Christworn 12, Glee 110.
Liter 24, fan-housing 14, Alexander 11, after its small potatoes.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Is Jesus back?
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Pass on.
Get it out of your system, Bob.
I think probably the last day for that show. That was Bob Novak.
Yes, it was on yesterday.
I watched about two seconds just to see if it was on.
They're saying via the Tucker Carlson and his nice pies.
He doesn't have mother Tucker pies, does he? Is that mother Butler?
Mother Humber? Whatever that is.
That's his Denys, by the way, your favorite.
I bet you're going to be stopping there often now.
They had a great dying experience earlier this week.
That's a great dying experience.
I'm dying in over here. W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Nobody did from Justin McAlley.
What is it?
From Justin McAlley to Kelly.
Oh, from Justin. That's right. I forgot they made that movie.
Right. From Justin McAlley.
I wish I could forget it.
Oh, God.
By the way, see the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind at the great movie.
Okay. Okay.
That's it. Mark you down. Thanks a lot, Pali.
And back from Justin to Tinkerbell, I mean to whatever they're for Kelly.
We do that.
Boy, talk about a lot of gay, faggery.
I'm sorry we'll begin the letter from that Orthodox guy with a Jeep-like D-thing.
W.A.M. Hello.
Okay.
Tomahre, Marie Coleman.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, don't yell at me or hurt my feelings.
But I think the guy that you think...
I'm gonna yell at you.
No, please don't.
It's the guy that you're talking about.
Oh, I like that.
I hate that guy to a clock.
It's all golfers and malls and golfers and malls.
But, you know, God, I'm done with you.
Now, what guy to a clock?
I don't know who he is.
He's always talking baseball and football.
But after your show, he comes on.
You mean the guy that comes on now?
Is he a man?
Is he don't know who he is?
Well, I know who is vaguely, but I hate a show.
I mean, you know, I think you're making a mistake by sticking stern off.
I meant you, thanks a star.
And I'm glad I met you.
I love this show.
Thank God you're in the great George.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
Amen for the meal.
Bye, bye.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
We got some new listeners.
Thanks, Pally.
Thanks to Howard Stern and Robin.
Well, I'm not that big on Robin.
And Arty, we're big on Arty.
He's pretty funny.
But you don't know because you don't listen.
And he didn't want to work.
And he's in the world.
He's in the world.
He's in the world.
He's in the world.
But anyway, we got some new people and we brought some people to him.
And we thank Howard for that.
It was four months that it was just...
You can't put on a show and keep poking it with holes like Swiss cheese.
They expected to be what was supposed to be.
It's like going into a great steakhouse.
And then they put the baloney and the spam on the plate.
It's not exactly what the people that went into were expecting.
Or thought they were paying for.
What's this piece of crap?
Let's see, starting two to six of these...
Yeah, right.
I'm going to read that.
That's really cute.
Okay.
One for the little vencer.
And then the price we didn't give him a show yet.
Maybe four to five in the morning would be good for him.
Maybe that's what we'll be on with Howard.
And I think maybe that was it.
You just beat me to the front.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Mo and the one from a little vencer.
Mo one.
20...
Yeah, it's a Mo one show.
A Mo one show.
Right.
20 to one at five, 60 W.
We got mad dogs and now I guess we'll find out.
It's about time we're going to get some answers I think.
We'll find out for sure for him.
If he offered you two to six and they passed on that,
they're even dumber than I thought they are.
It's just, it's not possible that he thought it was very intriguing and he was very interested.
What's not to like?
Six to seven.
I keep telling you guys, six to seven at night.
Forget about it.
It's TV viewing time.
It's dinner time.
Six to seven.
Anybody in this business knows that at least in this market.
This isn't in New York or LA when drive time goes to seven o'clock.
Okay.
In this market, it's 6 a.m. to 6 p.
After that, forget about it.
Check the damn thing off.
Okay.
With all, with all the respect that he needs to care.
So he can gamble his guts out.
But, I mean, that's it, right?
Yep.
And back in the day, we used to have the worst team 6 to 10.
We were doing 10 to 2.
Hank was 2 to 6, right?
Right.
The time slot that counts is 2 to 6.
Not 4 to 7.
Where do you people come up with that's cockarai?
But then again, if we can't, you know, if we got him like 2 to 6,
we can't put more in there.
Absolutely.
How about more 6 to like 9 at night?
How would that be?
Fine.
That wouldn't be too bad.
All of you have to drive Russia all the way from Boka.
I don't think it'd be too crazy about that.
Well, it could come down early and bond with everybody before the show.
1241 at WQY.
I'm hated.
You earned less than 50 grand last year.
If the answer is yes, then it absolutely is time for a career change.
Absolutely.
Pick up the protocol, fast train tool 3 and 1, 866, fast train.
Because fast train can have your train ready for a new high-paying career in his little
last 4 short, easy months.
Fast train offers high demand, high-pay career training.
If you like computers, and if you ever thought about becoming a computer network,
professional, this is the thing to do.
Call fast train tool 3 at 1, 866, fast train.
The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
Fast train can have your train ready for that new career in just 4 easy like I said
short months.
It seems to me I said it like only 10 seconds ago.
Fast trains got locations all over town, so there's bond to be one close by you.
They're in Kendall, they're in Miami, Pember Pines, and even in Fort Lauderdale.
Fast train offers a job placement and financial aid for people to qualify
and day evening and weekend classes are forming right now.
So if you'd like to get off that dead end, if you'd like to start putting some serious
cash in your pocket and find a life, here's the way to do it.
Just pick up that phone, there's no obligation.
Call fast train today, tool free, 1, 866, fast train.
The U.S.
I'm an I.I. going to dinner, you want to come along?
Not now, Dad.
Oh, playing with your gigapair, huh?
No, it's my new giga junkie and it's simple, okay?
New, fruit has road toys, it's the electronic interactive friend that's better than a past.
Giga junkie.
I can't believe it's so my TV again.
Every giga junkie starts out clean and sober.
It's up to you to give it just the right amount of rationalization.
Hey, was only a little clean.
And magically your giga junkie turns into a full-blown problem.
Oh, we've wanted to better clean it out.
Giga junkie makes caring for that old virtual past seem easy.
It's clean, annoying.
And every giga junkie is guaranteed to be in grossing and gross.
Oh man, you've booked your bands again.
So forget the past, get yourself hooked on the cyber toy, that's really addictive.
Oh, what happened, battery's die?
No, it's OG, better stand on the rehab.
Oh, yeah.
Giga junkie, it's more than a toy, it's a virtual pain.
Thanks God that wasn't a fart song.
You know, it was more like a squishy or whatever it was, it was just a digital thing.
Digital squishy, I like that.
1246 at 560 WNK, we have to be very careful on each and every one of these things
because God don't know as big brothers, listen man, Georgia, our world would be so proud.
Wouldn't he?
He would.
The good news is Giga has passed Pass to the Christ.
Oh, she passed Jesus like he was tied up for something, like he was dead.
Giga 121, Pass to the Christ, 112.
The worst movie of the Enumillenium, Glitter 25, Van Helsing, is right on the ranch.
Remember I was talking about Armstrong Williams, you don't know who that is?
Nope, you've seen him, you just don't know who he is, got like BD, those kind of like bifocal glasses, you know.
Black skin-head guy, really, rabbit-right-winger, never said it.
Seeking to build support among black families for its education reform law,
the Bush administration paid a prominent black pundit, 240 grand of promoted the law on his nationally syndicated TV show,
and to which other black journalists do the same.
Talk about a sell-out literally and figuratively, how do you like that?
The ultimate sell-out.
The campaign, part of an effort to promote no child left behind,
required commentator Armstrong Williams to regularly comment on NCLB during the course of his broadcast,
and to interview Education Secretary Rod Page for TV and radio spots that they were during the show in 2004.
Williams said he has said he understands that critics find the arrangement on ethical,
but I wanted to do it because it's something I believe in, he said, oh, what a cracker crap.
The top Democrat on the House Education Committee represented George Miller of California,
called to contract a very questionable use of taxpayers' money that is probably illegal.
He said, oh, ask his Republican counterpart to join him in requesting an investigation. Good.
The contract detailed the documents obtained by USA Today through a Freedom of Information Act request,
also shows that the Education Department through the kitchen public relations firm,
arranged with Williams to use contacts with the America's Black Forum,
a group of Black broadcast journalists to encourage the producers to periodically address no child left behind.
He persuaded radio and TV personalities Steve Harvey to invite Page onto the show twice.
Harvey's manager, Russian McDonald, confirmed the appearances.
Williams' contract was part of a $1 million deal with Ketchum that produced video news releases designed to look like news reports.
The Bush administration used similar releases last year to promote its Medicare prescription drug plan,
promoting a scolding from the government accountability office,
which called a many legal use of taxpayers' dollars.
Williams' 45, a former A.D. West Supreme Court Justice Clarence Token Thomas,
is one of the top Black conservative voices in the nation.
He hosts the right side on TV and radio, and writes op-ed pieces for newspapers including West Today
are running a pubic relations firm, Grand Williams.
I do like that. Total sellout, Tony Baloney.
It goes to Shoya if you pay anybody enough, they'll sell it out.
What's your price? Forget about the price, is right. What's your price? How much will it take?
How much? How many dollars to say whatever the hell we want?
That's what Josh said. He'll say whatever he wants for 30 bucks.
Sure, you can use it. If you do that for enough people, you can buy your own damn TV,
wait before Georgia ever gets it for you. I wouldn't hold your breath.
If you touch a lot of crap, and the plus he says drug sales are slow now.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on a Verizon. Oh, I guess Maddie Bell made a good deal.
That was all about that little deal. Yeah, that's what it was.
We're going to have one line ringing out. It's line 9, which makes me very reluctant.
WQA and Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was going to vote.
Yeah. Movie. I got to go with Glee. I'm with you guys.
Okay, it's number one man with a bullet. Yeah. This is Neil. Sounds like me.
Hey, I'm sorry, man. I got to tell you, I'm in New Jersey now, and I just bought a computer.
So it's like the first chance I've had to listen to you in five years.
Five years? Dude, I moved up here five years ago.
I knew something's been missing. Thank God you're back.
And this is great. I've probably got my computer to work right.
You know, I'm a little behind if you know what I mean.
No, I know what you're mean. There's nothing like a little behind.
You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean. Okay, really good to hear you.
Really good to hear you. Have a great life. Thank you.
It's like being home. All right. Thank you.
Just like being home without having to be there. That's even better. Although he's in Jersey, so.
Yeah, nothing's perfect. I should ask him what part of Jersey?
Like maybe the good part or the good part of Jersey. I guess maybe tenor fly angle wood.
I don't know. Is there certainly not the metal lands?
What is that? What's the city where metal lands is?
Do I ask the question?
Because the argument confused was there's metal lands Pennsylvania.
And the metal is race track is there with Roger Houston calling the races with his louds,
then, notorious obnoxious, egotistical love thing.
What is the metal lands is? Oh, East Rutherford.
I see Josh should know that because that's where the jest play.
Well, right? Right. Am I correct? The metal lands complex is in East Rutherford, New Jersey?
Have you ever been there? No. I have. I was at the track there one time. I had a rent a car.
And I couldn't have took me a half an hour to find it.
You know what that's like when you rent a car in your life's nighttime, you're at the races.
And you go out there and you try to find a rent a car. And of course you've only driven it once.
You have no idea what it looks like. And there's like ten thousand cars out there.
So you know how embarrassing that is? Medium embarrassing?
And you're walking and walking. Of course not. People start looking at you like you're a car thief or something.
You're working in the parking lot, you know? Man. I found it.
567.0560, pound 567.00 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines.
WNQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Steve from Fusion. Hey Steve, how you doing?
Good. I've been trying to call you since. Remember you had that technical problem
and you did the whole show from your telephone? Sure.
Yeah. Well, I have a tape here of the two technicians that were trying to fix the problem.
You want to hear it? Sure. Go ahead.
Okay, hold on.
Hey, move. Hey, move. No one is on weight. The branch is stuff. Put wires.
No, no, no. Hey, now you've got a lake amount area. Put your head with it.
I have to replum the whole joint.
Good to get that.
Wow. There's a promo, John.
And the more and the more material we get the more we like it, you know what I'm saying?
Now, if we took a poll on that, I bet you know what the response was.
Oh, yeah. Well, we already did take that area of the girl.
And he was like in the middle of the pack. It's not like he was like on the ass end.
He didn't like do his spectacularly well. But once he comes back and we get all this friction going again, right?
Real or imaginary. And of course with him, it doesn't have to be a manager.
Well, you got to start rubbing up against him. No, no thanks.
Rubbing it all the way. Even like Rub is ball spot every day to a clock.
Get him started, you know. Get it that warm and fuzzy feeling that glow.
Get some nice friction. Go give me that glow so that the show don't blow.
Somebody QA in. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I got a couple of movies for the poll.
Excellent.
What about the movie Crossroads with the Britney Spears movie?
Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
And the Charlie's Angels full throttle.
Okay. All right. You got him on. Thanks.
I'm good with you. You too. You got that Josh.
I got that. And I don't want you to tell me you got him.
And then like doing a break, I'll look and see, you know, like the next hour.
I'm trying to be pushing or anything like that.
But since you're not doing anything, they're besides sniffing both the middle fingers.
I mean, what's what's the difference is they already on there?
Both fingers. Wow. That was pretty quick.
Now, both fingers are on there. He touched it.
Glee is starting to pull away from Jesus a little bit.
Well, I'll tell you one of Jesus Christ is not going to be too happy about that.
Yeah, two hours of bloodshed and, uh, and massacism.
I don't really know that that's my cup of tea, you know, that holds Jesus thing.
Where did they come in yesterday on the best ones?
I already schmitt came in that. I guess I touched it out.
I don't know. I'm like in the top five because yeah, I was like to take two or three, I believe.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, man?
How you doing, pali?
Not too bad. You get, uh, you used to working that board already?
You're a little biter.
Why? You're a pillow-biter.
Oh, pillow-biter, right in here last part.
I'm still working on it.
Schmuck.
What are your people again?
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, two hours of bloodshed and, uh, and massacism.
WQAM, I already talked up there a lot.
I echo chamber.
How?
That holds Jesus thing.
QAM.
Where's that coming from?
One slide, Adios.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
How are you?
I have a couple of great parts in Jersey.
One of them is as you exit on the Delaware and you're one of the two left-in highway A.
So, it's hard to tell if you two go far as I was saying, man.
Okay.
I usually turn and it's really bad.
I mean, to be happy in South Florida, he really had to be bad up there.
You're right.
Okay, it's very hard.
It used to be really great before the neighborhood changed, you know?
Oh, that's nice, you know, across the end.
It used to be nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nice because it's, you know, very close to feeling so you can get away with that.
That is correct.
I'll talk to you in the end.
Okay, Palli.
Who's five?
Adios.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty out of a ride, then sing it around us line.
And, man, don't miss the mad dog today at two o'clock because he's going to be giving you the load on, I guess, right?
But they're low.
Because you were right.
We only got another hour to go and I don't think there's going to be any schedule forthcoming.
I don't see anybody capable of generating one in the building.
In other words, Duff's already gone?
No clearance.
Oh, in other words, Duff can't do the schedule if clearance is there, is that what you're talking about?
Well, he doesn't know it.
Oh, have you know he doesn't know it?
He knows it.
He's just holding back.
This is all just a dog and pony show, isn't it?
No.
In fact, it probably are friendly negotiations continuing as I speak right now.
Line 9, WQA, hello.
The Kung Pao movie is the worst movie in the world.
The what movie?
Kung Pao movie.
Kung Pao.
I don't think I'm saying it right.
Kung Pao, enter the fist.
Right.
Enter the fist, we can't say that.
Okay, Pally.
It's an insult to humanity.
Okay, thanks.
Now, what is it called?
Kung Pao, enter the fist.
Wow.
Enter the fist.
Right.
That sounds awfully gay.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, I have the worst movie ever made.
Okay.
Ninety-one.
And height, ninety-one.
Oh, oh.
Oh, boy.
Licky, Licky, Licky, Licky.
Siky, Siky.
It was here if he asked me.
He was probably the guy that was really driving the car when Rick sensed his got wrong with
the cues that killed that guy from the same.
It was probably this guy.
Right.
Don't put that on there, by the way, because that, see, that will be just fodder for the right
wingers.
Oh, that was the worst piece of propaganda.
Michael Moore is the anti-grat.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Can't handle the truth, man.
Just like Jack Nicholson said, you're much more emotional crippled.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
Correct.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
You are a thing to me, you ruckus.
One, the two hour, yeah, boy.
I filled my tank up.
Now, as I don't know, I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to Unicael or Abacol and the Carlyle fool.
That's in my life, son, last night.
I was having a lot of pain in James Baker's green sleeves.
I made two to today.
How was I to know I was providing bathwater to the Middle East?
Well, that means a man again.
Every time you might have marijuana cigarettes, you're helping to finance where I'm going over the lords,
and breaking the law based on the old movie Refermedness.
Better, Jojo, on our Is the scared, you have a cool man who guides.
I just saw a record joint.
Now, I'm white man, you know.
For now, I just just have this freedom.
This was such a day for by the company to keep America in the dark ages.
Oh, D. E. Racism, different, never one of the racists say different, never one.
As part of my new deal, by the way, we will be promoting marijuana sales on the show every day, starting on Monday.
Somebody has got to do it, right?
Maybe Maddie Belkin set up shop over by that barber shop there on the corner.
He was something to do in the spirit time.
I don't think he really does much of anything besides stir up trouble.
One thing about people that stir up a lot of trouble?
They tend to be hated by all.
They tend to be reviled in despise.
Maybe that's why he was sucking up to you now, always trying to find a friend.
He wants a friend.
He may not be.
I don't think it's going to work, Maddie.
Okay, you better step around someplace else.
George hates you like poison.
I do, Zonni.
Yeah, you do.
You don't hate him like poison?
No, I hate him.
Why not?
I don't know.
I haven't done anything to me.
That I know of.
Boy, you got a bad memory.
I think there's a good lesson for all your little kids out there smoking too much bad weed, Maddie.
Rots your brains.
A Pennsylvania-speaking eroded brains, a Pennsylvania school district yesterday rejected charges,
that plans to include references to an alternative to Darwin's theory of evolution in the high school biology classes will be ill-agil.
The Dover area school district near Harrisburg is the first in the US to introduce intelligent design.
A theory that the natural world is so complex it must have been made by an intelligent being
rather than a crane by chance is held by Charles Darwin's theory of evolution.
And of course the timing is excellent because just while having watched this tsunami,
as part of what happens in nature in the universe and on this planet,
it's obvious that man is certainly much more intelligent or some being.
Nature is pretty impotent, right?
Oh, there's lived up.
Yeah.
The district was sued by the ACLU in the Americans United for Separated Church in State on December 14,
over plans to teach the theory starting next week.
The lawsuit is the first to challenge the teaching of intelligent design,
which the group say violates the constitutional separation of church in state and is obviously, uh, and they're correct.
The civil rights group argument intelligence design is a thinly veiled version of creationism,
the belief that Earth was made by God, that's with an O, by the way, G-O-D, God.
The US Supreme Court ruled in the 1980s that teaching creations have been public schools with violated
constitutional separation of church in state.
The school district said in Wednesday's court filing that its biology, curriculum, policy does not advance religion.
Right.
And my name is Iska Bibbel.
Instead it informs students about the existing scientific controversy surrounding Darwin's theory of evolution.
What controversy is that?
I must have been sleeping that day.
The controversy that they create.
Oh.
Christian conservatives who played an envy, Jesus Christers who played an important role in the reelection of President Bush,
have been pressing for decades for creationism to be taught in the schools as they continue trying to drag us back into the stone age,
kicking and screaming.
Lawyers of the school board said that neither creationism nor intelligent design will be taught to students,
and that no religious beliefs will be taught.
Intelligence design does not presuppose any supernatural being,
and is not creationism, they school district be sane and it's response, saying the school district will also continue to teach evolution.
It's kind of like you pick them.
On January 13th, teachers will be required to read a statement saying that intelligence design is an exploration of the origin of life that differs from Darwin's view,
and that if students want to read more about it, read more about it like, what was his name in the Fill of More Spots?
Johnny, little Johnny.
Read all about it before your time.
They can read a book called, of pandas and people which they can find in the school library of pandas and people.
We told Walzak, legal director of the ACLU in Pennsylvania said the plaintiffs, well, you know, I was watching the thing on PBSC at the night only because it was NAFESD,
a mother of science, and he was in the reshowing, I forget what the area was, but they were showing like brown bears.
Okay.
And the bear found a honey in a tree, and he was standing erect, just like all I said erecting, and he was like a human being,
and he was caught a honey out of this like the whole tree, you know, like they do.
Standing up straight, like we do, you know, or like we were supposed to, even a lot of the creatures punched over,
up the bunch of the birds.
Right.
But anyway, I mean, why even confused people with the facts, you know, just nature where I just abuse it, just forget about it, but abuse it when you can.
We told Walzak legal director of the ACLU in Pennsylvania said the plaintiffs will not see the order to stop the policy being implemented next week,
hope the case will go to Trump in the coming months, oh it's like the scopes monkey trial all over again.
Great. Let's go back to the 20s again.
We can bring back Orson Wells at the bottom, dig about in the box, out of the panel case.
This is the first legal challenge to intelligent design, and that alone makes it important, Walzak said,
if we lose, we really fear that you'll see school districts all across the country teaching so-called intelligent, but all the bulletin design, intelligent.
Right.
Isn't this pathetic or what?
I'm trying to, man, the far-bitten they're taken over, the rest of you better head for the hills.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
The response to our format change that would say has been less than, what was it that Jim Sartney said the phones would be like,
the shows would be burning, smoothing, burning, burning, folding at the mouth.
Sartney, you don't know your answer from my elbow, okay, that's what you know.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, how good of you.
Yes sir.
My nomination for the poll would be, I'm pretty gut-fingered.
Okay.
I would, I would turn, I know why he didn't say much about it this week.
He's waiting until next week, then he's going to bash you guys.
Yeah, well, have a good time doing it. Go ahead.
Yeah, I know, just because considering the way he does, you know, they're all for the past two weeks, and you know about you guys, and then didn't say it's quite about it.
I don't understand that.
Yeah, he's waiting until next week, then he's going to say all kind of crap about it.
I hope he has a good time. I'm sure we'll get spy reports.
Yeah, for sure.
Okay, Pally.
All righty.
I don't think we want to put that pretty gut. We do want to put it on there, but I mean putting it on the right on the heels of that Kung Pao fist or whatever that thing was.
Enter the fist.
Oh, this whole poll now is starting to take like a turn for the worst.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
How about you, pardon?
Can I speak to Neil?
You're speaking to him.
Oh, how about alien versus predators?
What is it?
Alien versus predators?
Oh, alien versus predators.
You got it.
Thank you.
Thanks, we are.
She was like a little bit wet, huh?
Very low key.
What?
Prepare yourself for the ultimate showdown of the evil alien versus predators.
What for your life?
Wait.
What's that?
It's Freddy from Nightmare on Elf Street and Jason from Freddy to 13.
That's right.
The ultimate showdown of evil just got evil.
It's alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason.
There's evil everywhere.
Wait, that's right behind the children's hall.
That's no tall.
That's Chuckie from Child's Way.
Now, the ultimate showdown of evil isn't just evil.
It's ultimate.
It's alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Chuckie.
This can't get any serious.
Oh, yes it can.
But it's the guy from the Texas Jameson Magicka.
Yes it does.
Now, it's alien versus predator versus Freddy versus Jason versus Chuckie versus Latter-day.
What are they all?
Oh, what are you all?
I think it's all the who gets top billing.
This summer, horror has a really long name.
Jill and this.
Alien versus predator versus...
Where are you getting the idea?
He isn't the theaters.
Now, horse is Maddie Bell.
Nobody can hear him.
Hello.
How's it going?
Pretty good, Pally.
Hey, telling all your opinions, is the lead in very important?
Would you have a radio show?
Sometimes.
Do you think Mad Dogs' rates are going to be crap with the moly lead in?
No, I think Mad Dogs.
I mean, there's some people in the business who can generate their own audience.
In other words, if people like you enough, they'll tune in whenever you come on.
Assuming you can come on the same time every day.
It's a pretty good idea.
I don't think that'll be a problem.
I just think people are going to listen to you and change their station and they may forget or whatever.
Whatever Mad Dogs did to the sixth, don't you agree with me that that would have made the most sense?
Two to five.
Mad Dogs said four hours was too long.
One out three.
Oh, and the other said he said four hours was too much.
Yep, so yesterday.
Two to five sounds okay to me.
I'm going to give Greg a call, all right?
Please.
Thank you.
I'll give you a message.
I can't say it on the air what you should pass along for me.
Five, six, seven.
I need to, I don't know, maybe I need to get my engineer up here, but maybe it's Josh.
He's not cranking his calls by notice this week.
And I mean, believe me, I'm not popping any oxies like right now.
I'm hearing isn't diminishing, but the, you know, it's how often I keep saying what is it?
Because the call is them.
Is it them?
It is.
Because if I crank this thing up too loud, I can crank it up a little more, just because they all, they all,
the audio, the calls, and the overhead around the same pot.
And I can crank it up just a little bit more, but although I think it, it kills some more good time.
What does it say it again?
Put that echo thing.
Plus this sounds like there's a little bit of an echo on it now.
Doesn't it little reverb?
No.
How about now?
Oh, there you go.
Or if you want to move around, let's try this again.
Get your voice off, don't grab it.
I said now.
Oh, I have no other than that.
I'm still getting comments about that.
Are you really?
Oh, yeah, it was a setup feel.
I planted ahead of time.
Oh, when you told me that, I just wanted to fall on the floor and give up.
Yeah.
You think that you haven't done anything we haven't done anything else on this show for years, other than that.
All the flots that we are getting.
And they loved it, everybody loved it.
So this is where I was peeing my pants.
Okay, well, I guess what.
Let's start planting some other problems.
Yeah, just kick a random piece of equipment.
Let's see how much fun we can have.
Or that.
Hey, I'm already for that.
All right.
I'm very sure I'm positive.
Yeah, President Bush prepares to start a second term with an ambitious list of tasks, but also a public evenly split about his job performance in AP poll found.
Bush's approval rating is at 49% with 49% disapproving.
His job approval is in the high 40s and several other recent polls as low as any job approval rating for a re-elected president of the start of a second term in more than 50 years.
How did this happen boys and girls?
Presidents Reagan and Clinton had job approval ratings near 60% just before their inauguration for their second term according to Gallup polls.
President Nixon's approval rating was in the 60s right after the 72 re-election.
Slipped about 50% right before his inauguration and moved back over 60.
Eisenhower's job approval was in the lower 70s just before his second inauguration in 57.
Bush and Congress are about to tackle an ambitious project creating private accounts for those in social security system, a nightmare of bad mistake, overhauling the federal tax code and limiting lawsuit damages.
Those tasks will be all the more difficult with the rapid poll ratings for both Bush and Congress.
About 4 in 10, 41% approved the job Congress is doing.
While 53% disapproved according to the poll conducted by...
See, we just have an election, folks.
I know it's like January the 7th.
We just have an election.
It seems to me a couple of months ago.
What happened?
Republicans overwhelmingly approve of Bush's job performance and Democrats overwhelmingly disapprove.
A split-finder will lesser extent the congressional numbers.
Only 1 in 6 Democrats say they approve of Bush's job performance the poll found.
In January in 2002, 6 in 10 Democrats approved of the job...
Oh yeah, that was right after 9-11.
In January of last year, about a quarter Democrats approved the job done by Bush.
Now only 1 in 6.
So Republicans are delighted they're ecstatic all the...
The flat earth crowd, the Jesus Christ, the...
The Andrethals, the Neonazi, they're ecstatic.
They got their man, they got their way.
I should be disqualified by Colonel David Hackworth that you have faxed me before the show.
Yeah, it's pretty good. The voice of the grunt. It is pretty good.
I got a few things here that I probably ought to dig my teeth and do.
Paul Kirtman is usually a great columnist and fiction.
I'm going to do that one too.
Oh, you're going to read again?
Yeah, I'll do whatever I want.
All back, I got some bad news for Aaron Carter fans.
How many of them are...
About 30 minutes!
They're not in this audience.
He makes Nick Carter seem like I like Nick Carter.
Great. I hate to do this. He's alright.
Huh? That's a little fade, but...
Huh?
He can't sing at all out of the studio, Nick, but they made some good records.
Even you admitted that.
I remember you used to record those for your daughter for Sabrina all the time.
Right. They had some good songs that time.
They had a few good songs.
They had a song that somebody taught them to do.
Well, no, and that studio in Sweden were.
They can make anybody sing that.
Absolutely. Even you.
Well, how about now?
I don't see you.
You don't even need to go there.
Teen Pop Stars SUV burns after accident on Turnpike.
Oh, my God.
Teen Heart Drop, Aaron Carter.
If you think Nick, if you think, actually Simpson is talented, you ain't heard Aaron sing it.
Teen Heart Drop, Aaron Carter launches Cadillac Eskaly, but is skipped with his life when the vehicle caught fire
after hitting a mattress that fell from a truck in front of him on Florida's Turnpike early Thursday morning.
I guarantee it wasn't from Valamatras.
They don't drop the mattresses off on the Turnpike.
Carter 17 was northbound on the Turnpike near Sample Road on his way to Orlando about 1230 in the morning through the day.
When the mattress tumbled off the cargo bed out of a delivery truck, everything happened in such a whirlwind
Carter said in the statement.
It was like the mattress flew out of nowhere.
Maybe it was a flying mattress.
Oh, that might have been it.
He ran over the mattress and it got wedged in the SUV's carriage catching fire.
The blaze quickly spread to the escalade.
Carter and a friend who was with him got out of the vehicle before it exploded suffering when he might or bumps and bruises.
Said Carter spoke to him in Brad's Zyfeman in the statement.
The pop singer who sold her brother his Nick Carter, the backstreet boys, was going to a photo shoot in Orlando for the cover of a single let's do out in March.
He made it to the shoot after recovering at a friend's house following the essence.
Thanks, Alora.
Thank God Aaron's going to be okay.
Aren't you relieved?
Oh, yeah.
114 and 560 WQM audio horse racing fans and poker players.
Pompe no Park is the place to meet a plunger guts out.
Pompe no Park features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday.
Wednesday, Friday, like today and Saturday, too.
Poker starts at noon.
Live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 p.m. including tonight.
And don't forget every Monday night.
There's two for $25 dinner special at the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Every Wednesday night at Pompe no Park is dollar night for draft beer.
So the hot dogs and more.
And best of all, everybody's personal favorite.
The first Monday of every month at Pompe no Park is free spaghetti dinner night.
All you have to do is buy a program.
They give you little coupon.
You go up on the fourth floor and you get a free spaghetti dinner.
Pompe no Park is also open every day.
Seven days and nights a week for somal casting with the best in harness,
Thurbered Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
Watch out for Brad Kramer.
Pompe no Park of Black South of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road called 954-972-2000
for the new racing schedule or go online at pompe no Park dot com.
Poppano Park coursepower, you can plunge your guts on.
Post time tonight, 725 at a p.m.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
And it's good to hear from five sixty sixty.
Or QAM.
Yeah.
We dance like saces we sing like verses but we must tell you we swear we're not gay.
If you want these outfits to class they both kick your ass.
Let's go.
We got a man we swear we're not gay.
We look like candy we're designers.
We sing like a bunch of pretty wilders but we're staying.
Our agent says we gotta say we swear we're not gay.
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls who think we're as cute as we be.
Yeah.
But as they beholden they all feel that loud we're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we get many joy.
We do.
While so close on the delicate cycle.
Want to feel the same as yours Michael.
But today we think that we have better say we swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
Sure whatever you say it's a 20 after when I was just reaching back for this because I want to read the whole list.
437 votes the worst movie of the new millennium since 2000 right up until this moment is.
Jeely has moved into a solidly they passed seasons like he was tied up for a moment.
Jeely 145 passed into quest 132 glitter 34 Mariah Carey who is very scary and got one big boob in the middle of her chest.
And by the way Louise still ain't interested honey from just in the Kelly 24 but that came out of nowhere.
Thank you for calling it in how could we that would have been very bad if we forgot her at just in Quarini who I understand is got a.
Yeah.
Bini 24 for from just the Kelly and Helsing 15 on hill sing come here to you know that Bellagosia.
I saw a really interesting thing you know that he spoke almost no English no I didn't know he was.
I'm hungry and he spoke almost no English because I saw a thing on the discovery I believe was about Transylvania which actually exists.
And when he made Dracula here he had to like do scene by scene like it coached yeah.
It was great. Alexander 11 Eddie come over here he helped me Eddie.
Like I said the 15 minute movie would have been great for that one even with Johnny Depp.
What was the name of that movie? Edward Edward knock on wood.
The village 10. That's the Alexander 11. Alexander he was gay.
Oh don't say that. I think it's all about the movie was about that.
Well why do you think they call it Greek you clowns Harold and Kumar go to White Castle 10 she hate me 10 the Hulk 9.
Scott Captain the World of the Mara 9 around the world of 80 days 8.
Dear devil 7 the big bounce five Charlie's Angels 3 beyond the C3 Kung Pao ended the fist two.
Alien versus Predator Freddy got fingered and Crossroads just went on they don't have any F but they will.
They will just like the guy sitting at playing bagpipes it will Billy it will.
Who ever can't play that anymore.
How about we just play a little bit full time say just just a little teeny tiny huh.
Dad just a little hi there boys.
Okay that's enough.
Now Colonel David Hackworth who many of you have seen see I can't believe you don't know Armstrong Williams.
You pretend to like be like into the like when the election was going on and like news.
Oh the political stuff. Anyway the Colonel David Hackworth is on the number serving Owen in outspoken right on target.
He's been considering the hits we keep taking in our global fight against terrorism.
I'm gearing up at 05 to go up against the pentagon's increasingly out of control campaign to keep us all conned.
The cover ups track too often with more names added to the West casually list.
So here's my new years resolution to keep covering Pentagon lies with the truth until enough concern citizens demand the Congress set up a congressional investigative arm to formally expose the liars and hold them accountable.
Well we could use that a QA am the same committee for almost six decades.
I've born witness to scuzzy machinations that had little or nothing to do with America's national security.
And because of them I've watched my beloved country become in meshed in far too many blood splattered military misadventures only because they were good for Pentagon business.
I've seen millions of dollars allocated for gold plated pork of value only to the monsters who manipulate the military industrial congressional complex.
And absolutely worthless to our gallon soldiers.
The kids will end up paying the ultimate price for this madness of war.
And a decent chunk of that dough been spent on the right stuff supporting our troops.
Our warriors wouldn't have fought in Korea 1950 with World War One gear or be slugging it out in Iraq with scrounged, tilled, dilly armor and told to go to war with army we have and to suck it up.
The final straw for me was when I asked Pentagon flag Jim Turner last November.
If Donald Rumsfeld personally signed the letters to the loved ones of those killed in action in Iraq and Afghanistan, a day later he told me Rumsfeld signs the letters to him himself.
But before the sun had set he sent me the following email our official response follows Jim the correspondence with any family members of the Department of Defense personnel is private in nature.
Then stars and traps you poor Leo Shane contacted me jumped out of the story with both boots and brilliantly wrote the Pentagon line machine down and defined the confessing that Rumsfeld had not personally signed all the killed in action letters.
Okay if Rameen spinners are lying about signing killed in action letters then what really went down with the WMDs in Iraq and how's our six billion dollar a month war that's sad bloody land really going and is the Pentagon truly busting its butt to provide our soldiers with sufficient armor protection.
Where's that just spin too? The lying under the Rumsfeld regime seems to be getting worse daily. For example the Sec Def recently said that Sec Def the Secretary of Defense recently said that the 9-11 aircraft that crashed in Pennsylvania was shot down which is either very sloppy or very scary or both.
And following their headhunter's lead the Pentagon pervericators have definitely gotten more skilled at pulling the wool over the eyes of all of us starting with our congressional reps who as our watchdog should be first in line to ask the hard questions.
The president of soldiers for true three-tired marine lieutenant Colonel Roger Charles is equally in sense about this dangerous trend. The Pentagon spin machine likes to brag about its devotion to ethics and truth telling but this doesn't stack up with its track record of misrepresentation from the Vietnam Warthademoral Jeremy Bordas phony valor awards to Air Force General Joe Ashie's brazen dalliance with the
female aid during a very expensive taxpayer funded plane ride what's been going down in a rack Charles raged. Colonel Charles and soldiers for truth of which are one of the original founders have vowed that the truth will trump over deception.
But this will be a hard slog at unfortunately for my fox will here on the Potomac the lying damage control and up his case and you're only getting worse he said well there's always been pressure in the military by the spinners which unfortunately include too many commissioned officers who forgotten the
growth of office about lying cheating and stealing to protect their bosses or platinum programs the problem is reaching critical mass net creates a very unhealthy climate for democracy.
The only way to change the sorry situation is for all of us to emulate Howard Beel in that great 1976 film network what he stood tall and said I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore. How do you like that? Yeah I like it.
I'm quoting Howard Beel no less which I thought that I was the only one who quoted Howard Beel when he said I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore.
Oh you're listening to me your rushes.
President of the Black Scepter, UAM.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being chopped up by a fine home meat quiver.
This is your brain in a blender and this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brains real food for real people.
It's the cheesiest movie of the year.
It's the seed of Chuck E. Cheese.
Hey kid, come some pizza.
Mommy, Chuck E. Cheese is scary.
Mickey, hear me?
He's talking.
Would you come here and slice up the food?
That's not the peroni.
That's hand joveys.
That's the one.
Chuck E.
What's wrong kid?
You like those intolerant hours?
Now that has to be one of the great wonders of history.
The fact that Chuck E. is still around right?
I suppose.
I think so.
That Chuck E. Cheese is still in business of place where they sell a product that you only take little kids to like celebrate birthdays or like to pacify them or something like that.
Nobody would actually come off the street and eat pizza there.
It's hard to understand about that.
Well, see if you had kids.
I see.
Those moments of about girls asking about their run anymore.
Do you remember a feral's ice game?
I think it used to be one like in daydland.
And another thing by the way.
Chuck E. Cheese serves beer.
Yeah, I was just going to say.
So that's going to get tight and the kids can play and everybody's happy.
I see.
Oh, you were going to say Josh, in other words, you've had a few brews at the Chuck E. Cheese.
Well, I was going to say, you're going to take the kids there and you can get a tank.
Like I don't know.
Yeah.
I see back in my college days in East Lansing, when I did with Drink Beer, we used to go to
the, I was called Coral Gables.
We had nothing to with Coral Gables for to thank God.
But the Gables, I used to tell you about this.
They sold more bottled beer in that place than any other establishment in America every day.
And they had pizza, but the difference being you can get sloshed there, but the pizza was good.
Their Italian food was good.
So that's a difference.
So why do you have to go to a place?
I don't know.
They got games for the kids.
I see.
So in fact, it's by the fact that cheese tastes like cardboard like with, um, a, for you.
For the kids, they don't know.
That's probably really good for them too.
Especially if you have any opinion, you ask unwanted kids things like that.
Just keep taking them back to Chuck E. Cheese telling me you're taking them for a treat.
Kind of reminds me of the Orange Bull.
Remember the Orange Bull?
I'm not talking about the stadium.
I'm talking about the, the, um, mall, uh, joint.
Yeah.
You remember it?
They can't still be around.
Really stand this.
I don't know.
I have a slight of pizza and a soda and whatever.
Hi, every mall had an orange bull.
And I would say that their pizza was very much on the same part with Chuck E. Cheese.
Same, same plastic, same cardboard.
You think it orange, Julius?
No, the orange bull.
Orange.
Oh, which actually I think what's upon it?
I did sell orange, Julius, I believe.
No orange, Julius was like a separate thing in a mall.
Right.
Yeah.
There's still around.
We got an orange, Julius here in the Eton Center.
I haven't seen one in years.
Oh, God.
I gotta stay away from those.
See, because if I'm gonna eat something that's looking at that little little wood sugar right around the kitty corner around from that is basking Robbins.
So if you're gonna have like either orange, Julius, as much as I love it.
Or basking Robbins, what are you gonna have?
Neither.
Hahaha.
Wow.
That speaks volumes.
Exactly.
And the response is that that would be my temptation because I'm addicted to sugar.
I think I got this up too loud.
Is it echoing?
Because I want to hear the callers.
Yeah.
If I take any more, which I probably won't talk to right now in the New York Times today.
Worst and fiction.
He says I've been thinking of writing a political novel.
It'll be a bad novel because there won't be any nuance.
The villains will just as pause in ideology.
I disagree with.
There'll be hypocrites, cranks, and scoundrels.
In my bad novel, a famous moralist who demanded national outrage over an affair and writes bestselling books about virtue.
will turn out to be hiding an expensive gambling habit.
A talk radio host who advocates harsh penalties for drug violators.
will turn out to be hiding his own drug addiction.
In my bad novel, Crusaders from moral values will be during my strange obsessions.
One Senator's die trial against gay marriage will link it to man-owned dog sex.
Another will rant about the dangers of lesbians in high school bathrooms.
In my bad novel, the President will choose his head of Homeland Security.
A good man who turns out to have been the subject of an arrest warrant.
Who turned an apartment set aside for rescue workers into his personal love nest.
And who stalked at least one of his ex-lovers.
In my bad novel, a teeny personality who claims to stand up for regular Americans against the elite.
will pay a large settlement in a sexual harassment case in which he uses position of power to, on second thought,
that story is too inversing even for a bad novel.
In my bad novel, apologies for the administration will charge foreign policy critics with anti-semitism.
But there'll be some that when a prominent conservative declares that Hollywood is controlled by secular Jews who hate Christianity in general and Catholicism in particular.
In my bad novel, the administration will use the slogan support the troops to suppress criticism of its war on policy,
but it will ignore repeated complaints that the troops like armor.
The Secretary of Defense and other good men, according to the President, won't even bother signing letters to the families of soldiers' coordination.
Last but not least, in my bad novel, the President who portrays himself as the defender of good against evil,
or preside over the widespread use of torture.
Abu Gharram...
How did we find ourselves living in a bad novel?
It was not ever thus.
Hypocrite's Christen scoundrels have always been with us on both sides of the aisle, but non-Leavencreated environment and some that some liberals summarize with the acronym I-O-I-OK-I-Y-A-R.
It's OK if you're a Republican.
Wow.
I-O-K-R. It's OK if you're a Republican.
The public became unwilling to believe bad things about those who claim to be defending the nation against terrorism.
Among the hypocrites, cranks, and scoundrels of the right empowered by the public's credulity have come out in unprecedented force.
Apologists for the administration were lucky enough to forget all about the Karek affair, but Bernard Karek perfectly symbolizes the times we live in.
Like Rudy Giuliani and his President Bush, he wasn't a hero of 9-11, but he played one on TV.
And like Mr. Giuliani, he was quick to cash in literally on his undeserved reputation.
Once the New York newspapers began digging, it became clear that Mr. Karek is professionally and personally a real piece of work.
But that's not unusual these days.
Among people who successfully passed themselves off his patriots and defenders of moral values, Mr. Karek must still be wondering why he, unlike so many others, didn't get away with it.
And a birth of Gonzalez must be hoping the senators don't bring up this subject.
The principal objection making Mr. Gonzalez attorney general is that doing so will tell the world that America thinks it's acceptable to torture people, but his confirmation will also be a statement about ethics.
As White House counsel Mr. Gonzalez would charge with vetting Mr. Karek, he must have realized what kind of man he was dealing with yet.
He declared Mr. Karek fit to oversee home line security.
Did Mr. Gonzalez defer to the wishes of a president who wanted Mr. Karek anyway, or did he decide that his boss wouldn't want to know?
The Nelson report, a respected newsletter reports that Mr. Bush has made it clear to his subordinates, did he just want to hear any bad news about Iraq?
Either way, when the Senate confirms Mr. Gonzalez, it'll mean that Ayyakiar, it's okay if you're a Republican, remains in effect that the basic rule of the state is not a law.
The rules of ethics don't apply to people lined with the ruling party and reality will continue to be worse than any fiction I could ever write.
Ayyakiar, can you say it?
Perfectly.
Pretty lucky to me.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Rival Slides, mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock, as we wait breathlessly for an announcement, what will it be?
Will it be 2 to 6? Will it be 4 to 7? Will it be half it over to 790 God forbid?
On the dolphin games, you're off the dolphin games. What's the story, huh?
So many questions and so little time. And knowing the way this outfit operates, it wouldn't surprise me if they don't have all their ducks in the row again.
Notice how that keeps coming back? Those ducks?
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Why are you always complaining about the government and everything and you just...
Pull out your ass. W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
That's why I'm here. Yes sir.
First time long time, how you doing?
Pretty good. How you doing?
I just wanted to second, yeah, you made me have a flash back there on the car about the orange ball. There was one in the follows and the key to was absolutely horrible.
My plan is inedible. Cardboard is definitely the best way to describe it.
Right. And I am a big house fan and the four months when I had Howard and then you right after the next four months of my radio life.
I love you babe.
Thanks Pally.
Thank you.
There you go.
Yeah, it could have worked out if there have been a little discussion, a little more planning, a little more common sense.
But no, just hop right in, you know, just pull down your pants, jump into the pool.
Oh, there's no water in it and I'm like two thirds of it way down already. What do I do now?
That's the Q.A.M. FN way. Make no mistake about it.
If anybody out there thinks I'm exaggerating, just kind of like in your mind flash back over these past few months, depending on how long you've been listening, over the past two or three years and ask yourself, how can this be?
How is this possible? You know what I mean?
Thanks, Gary.
What do you mean?
Line 9, WQ.A.M. Hello.
Joey Reynolds, over the last one.
All right, Joey Reynolds, be really great. Let's put him out there. Not Joey Reynolds, my ass.
Do I have that, I don't think I have it. Is it the one that you do?
I don't know the one.
No, I don't have it here. The one where it says, I hope you're beating the ratings, you're better than I am, the Zeta one.
That's a card?
It's a card back there.
I don't have the worry about finding it.
Just one of these days, when you think about it, I'll double it before the show so I have it.
See, back in those days, I don't want to like reminisce about that crap, but one of the things we did, that was kind of fun, was we called up all the other morning people on the year.
We called up Bill Tanner, we called up Vudelle, called up Joey.
Who else was on? Was Rick and Sussan Maxi then?
We called.
Huh?
I don't recall.
Well, whatever we did, we called the other people and we got the insides lines or whatever.
And everybody else came on the year and we had a good time with them. They yucked it up and Joey says,
I hope you beat me to ratings, you're better than I am, which of course is true.
And the only one that got like all that out of shape was Greg Vudelle, Mr. Insecurity, you know, Mr. I got real serious problems.
And all your interfering with my show, well, first of all, who forced you to take the call Greg?
You know, who forced you to take the call?
We just haven't fun with everybody. It's just trying to be friendly and point out that we were beating everybody else's ass, which we were.
But only Gregory Benjamin Vudelle, he's the one that had the problem with that.
Which reminds me of something we haven't played on a show in a long, long time.
I wonder, I wonder what it's under. Is that under a good time?
For the great here is under Agony? What is that under?
I don't know.
So, down Agony, you know what I'm talking about?
I think I know what you're talking about.
It's a good time for the great taste.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Oh, I said that one.
Yeah, well, this is noodles.
Remind me of the noodles.
Oh, it's an old way.
It's a good time for the great taste.
I thought noodles was like from once upon a time in America.
That's an underrated movie I should point out.
You see it?
Yeah, I've seen it twice.
Three times you get all the way through it.
It's extraordinarily long, especially if you get the uncut version.
And it's kind of hard to find too many real Italians uncut.
But it goes down for like three and a half hours.
But it's pretty good.
And the only thing that disturbed me was like,
you get through the whole thing, and I've said this before,
gets you a three and a half hour movie in the end.
The director says, well, you know, it might have just been a hallucination.
Robert and I were just having a bad drug trip.
Right, it was an open moral record.
Yeah, it's made up movie anyway.
What do you have to know?
Yeah, I know that there's a lot of things.
See, that's for the suits though.
They have to analize it.
They have to intellectualize it.
They have to like dissect it.
See, I just watched a movie.
It's like having a meal.
I don't like analize all the ingredients.
So it tastes like there's a little regino in this.
You know, I tasted it, you chew it, you swallow it.
And if it's good, great.
You're happy.
You got a smile on your face, right?
Right.
As the Greeks say, you're gazette and poopic.
But they've got to analyze.
It reminds me of that scene in the Exodus,
where Ligia Cobb is talking to father paranoia about how he likes to critique
Phil and all this other crap.
Yeah.
Answer the question, father paranoia.
That's Ligia Cobb is so good.
You know, you can't live in a past.
Look what we got now, man.
We got Leo.
Your listening to me mean equal, Neil Rogers.
Exclusively, on 560, 2AM.
Wow.
That's it.
That's the hurry we could rejoin?
Body.
I'm just helping all of the boys.
I'm a Catholic.
I guess we just try to conserve time.
I must be.
Read it.
Jesus is doing all right on screen.
Jesus is back in the beginning.
Oh yeah.
Jesus is in the beginning.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh right.
Jesus is praying.
Jesus is praying.
No one is in front of us.
No one is in front of us.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh yeah.
Jesus is doing all right.
Jesus is doing all right on screen.
Jesus may feel a sea.
Jesus makes me lose on TV.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh right.
Oh right.
No.
Jesus has had a big day.
Jesus is doing all right.
I thought one of the most important points in the movie was right at the end when Jesus said,
I'm dying out of here.
144 is 16.025.60 WQAM.
Look at that.
Jeannie is pulling away from Jesus.
In fact, Jesus is probably holding back because he doesn't want to be anywhere near that third.
Jeannie 153.
The worst movie of the new millennium in the last four and a half, four years plus, four years and a month.
The passion of the quest 143.
Glitter 36 with Moriah Scurry from Justin DeKelli, 33 at the Oth Wheat that movie.
I'm sure.
Not that I've seen it, but I'm sure it is.
Van Helsing, 16.
The Hulk, 13.
That was the late edition on it, a Hulk.
She hate me, 11.
Alexander 11.
The village 10.
Scott Captain, the world of the Marlotton.
And Harold and Kumar go to White Castle 10.
Everybody else is in a single digit.
See, that's interesting.
Well, same with the Jesus movie.
It was in the top five yesterday on the other list.
Now, for the best of the last year, they're now in the top five for the worst at last four years.
And the same with Harold and the Shrekkel go to Wayne Arms Royal Castle.
How's Wayne doing, by the way?
Haven't heard from her lately.
Well, since Hudson died, but that was very brutal.
First, his wife passed away a few months before, and then he died.
That happens a lot.
Yeah.
With couples that have emerged for a very, very long time.
One dies, the other one just kind of like withers away.
And see, I'm thinking, I'm thinking you've got to move on, man.
Life is for the living, right?
Got him right.
Not that I want to sound like some heartless, cruel bastard, but we've got to move on.
Just like when my mother died, you know?
My life is fine.
I'm hanging in there.
I'm like holding my own.
You're bastard.
Right.
Just put me on.
When you're mother, I somehow, somehow you'll overcome that.
Yes, somehow.
Or if your wife should get hit by a Mack truck on a way home from this market or something,
like.
See, Joe Castello, you should have worn him, but getting married.
I tried.
He wouldn't listen to you.
I tried.
I would have been shocked.
I was shocked, by that.
I was really just amazed.
And this made ends your fault.
You should have told me about that.
You know how embarrassing it is.
There's only one thing more embarrassing when you say, hey, you can tell me that.
I had to find out.
It was for the secret.
You knew about it.
It was out of my mind.
It was out of my mind.
It was out of my mind.
That's a small deal.
Only one thing worse than saying, hey, say hi to the Mrs. and then you find out that
the guy's divorced you to know about it.
That's kind of like in part of their dead.
It's fighting out that they're dead.
Oh, say hi to mom.
Oh, if she died in July.
Oops.
You know, 79-year-old Mrs. Cippie Mann was arrested yesterday in the 64 killings of three civil
rights workers whose bodies were buried.
And everybody seen Mrs. Cippie burning out hope.
Yeah.
Everybody should be forced to watch that part of a very history whose bodies were buried in an
earthen dam outside the town of Philadelphia.
That's Philadelphia, Mrs. Cippie.
Killings that's for national support for the civil rights movement.
Edgar Ray Killin.
That's his name.
He's killing over there.
And I've spoken white supremacist nickname, the preacher, all how perfect was the rest of
it is home without incident and rule in the Shobak County about 545 Thursday afternoon.
Sheriff Larry Myers said.
He was real quiet.
He didn't have much to say.
I might have told CNN by phone.
He said the arrest was made after a grand jury in Philadelphia and died to killin on three counts of
killing in June 21, 64 in the slimes of civil rights worker is Michael Schwerner, James Cheney,
and Andrew Goodman.
Killin the schedule for Raymond Friday today in the Shobak County court and no bail amount has been set.
As far as I know, this is the only arrest that's forthcoming to share a said.
How do you like that?
I like it.
He won't be killing no more if you're out to do that.
That will be a must see, Mrs. Cippie burning.
I've seen about how many times.
I've heard him many many many times.
Tom Ridge says remember Tom Ridge?
Oh yeah.
I think just an honor of Tom Ridge on a way out which he is of course.
As soon as we can find somebody else who's acceptable.
Every day the news is morning we have a yellow light on my life.
They have something to hide.
That's how they manipulate their eyes.
What's really empty kind of stuff that you do.
You move like a yellow light.
The night I, the corporate media by.
And that's why we have a yellow light.
That's the thing.
The media of what is my tune.
What is my courage?
Is that his dance with the set of no fans?
Their noodles are too.
Every time they want to confuse the new day.
Have a yellow light with that name.
Something they can't abide.
We have a yellow light of this time.
80, 90.
U.S. intelligence monitors are picking up less terror threat.
Top of the year ago, Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said yesterday.
But he warned that terrorists could be merely lying low before striking again out.
What does that really mean?
You see, it's called covering your ass.
We don't know too much but maybe they're just lying low.
There certainly is a diminishing reduction in the amount of intelligence.
And the invisible level is lower.
Keep hearing information picked up over the past several months to a similar period of year ago.
He offered no single explanation for the drop saying it could be stepped up U.S. efforts to boost security,
increase military action and disrupt terrorist leaders in their finances,
or simply the hardening of America, the hardening of the arteries of America.
Could be any of those.
And none of those, he said.
I suspect it's probably all of them.
He said in other words, he hasn't got a freaking clue.
He called the terrorist strategic actors and long-range planners that could be biting their time before another attack.
The information law comes at the ass end of a political season that you're warning from Ridge last summer
that terrorists might try to disrupt the election process.
Did it happen?
No.
No, the die-bold people were too busy taking care of that.
Ridge plans to leave his office February 1, though the White House has not yet picked his successor.
Even though I think we had a good guy there, Bernie was there. He'd have been the man.
While he was watching from his penthouse hideout there, he could have been like looking out for all the evil doers out the window
while he was getting laid four or five or six times a day. Right?
Right.
He could have just peaked right out the window at it.
Anyways, 151 at 560 W. I tell you, the tension is going to be building all around town.
I wouldn't surprise me if Jim Sarni is tuning in right now.
He wouldn't have tuned in any order here in very generous, because this is in the sports show,
and he would dig into fires with his presence, right? Right.
Although we wouldn't mind taking a presence, especially if Kaskin could be nice, Jim.
But anyway, he's getting ready right now, crank it up for the mad dog at 2 in the Humphrey Fort,
so we can find out what the hell.
And even the big O. It's 7 o'clock tonight, because all of these things,
evidently, are getting finalized today.
And if you talk about taking it right out of the wire, that's what they like to do in this place.
People would never believe the story about that December 30th,
that it'll even infamy.
About 30, man.
December 30th, those seven years in a month ago,
or in a week ago, whatever was, right? Right.
Brought it right out of the end about that studio that we started on QAM,
I've done there on the second floor, makeshift and half-assed,
and equipment still coming in from the Beasley Fully Station.
Yeah, just all kinds of stuff being pasted and glued together.
And the meantime, we had like weeks of sitting in there,
remember dubbing all kinds of stuff and working our ass off to get ready for the show.
But until we actually went on here, nobody even really knew whether we were going to get on or not.
That's the Beasley F and Way, man. That's the way we do things.
Not slow, not fast, just half-assed.
Nine minutes till two, so strap yourselves in.
I'm sure the man at C2-6 would have been so great, man.
That would have been so perfect. Why didn't he discuss it with me?
Why didn't you give him my number?
We could add like about a two-minute conversation.
I would have just said, do it. Get with it. Why is up, man?
If you decided to start the new year off right and trim down with that,
can South Beach Sugar Busters or any low-carb sugar-free diet,
I want to introduce you to a great stir.
I've been talking about them for years, but a lot of you haven't checked it out yet.
I don't know why. Do you like Southwest Bokeh?
Even TVs, biggest weight losers are following a low-carb diet,
and their weight loss is incredible. For years, they like to sell thousands of low-carb dieters,
achieve their weight loss goals. Do you like Southwest Bokeh's,
your low-carb, one-stop shop for the right supplements,
and the best selection and best tasting low-carb foods,
which is the most important thing, variety.
Things with some taste that will keep you on a straight and narrow path.
Stop it and sample any of their over 1200 low-carb products
like their new chocolate that cheesecake on a stick,
and their famous carbolite software, by-screen.
You'll find an knowledgeable staff who knows the low-carb dieting inside and out,
and they'll open every day of your life till 10 in the p.m.
And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy to save you some extra money
on all Atkins, carbolite, and peer-dly products, too.
Your likes of West Bokeh absolutely will not be understood.
You'll find your likes on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
right next to Boston Market, or you can call them tool-free,
at 1-877 Low Carbets, L-O-W-C-A-R-B,
around the web at slowcarb.com.
Your likes of West Bokeh's, your official Atkins retail center.
You're the season, we need you for new Rogers,
exclusive rate on 5-6-E-M-A-M.
I have to stop right now.
On all the time, all computers,
on all the time, all computers,
on all the time, all computers,
on all the time, all the money right now,
but not the whistle-cool from the G-O-P,
food is for a tool to help the CEO come cheap,
food is in the street, it's like the middle-of-the-peak heat,
it's just a ball of fire till he's up-to-be-heat,
until it dies, of all computers...
WH introduce the
sale-reity slow-motion anyway,
but you have to-
device the code used by a host of
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
We gotta have the cheek.
156.
157.
158.
158.
158.
158.
158.
158.
158.
158.
158.
155.
158.
158.
158.
all that interesting except for the fact that Curry see here with all these people from India
and they in Pakistan they have a lot of curry to inner food. I don't know you just don't know.
I would imagine so because the one thing is about the people from India in Pakistan is they
smell alike. Not all of them. The Muslims and Hindus so they hate each other so they
know. That doesn't mean that they're died isn't the same. I mean I've seen some Jews eat in
falafel too but that don't make them like all that crazy about the Arabs but nevertheless the
pigment that gives Curry spice its yellow hue may also be able to break up the plastic mark
the brains of Alzheimer's disease patients early research suggest. How do you like that?
Hmm. So if you hold there you know. Scientists found that curcumin is my pronouncing that right?
C-U-R-C-M-I-N. Sure what I heard of cumin. Curcumin a component of the yellow curry spice
turmeric was able to reduce deposits of beta amyloid proteins in the brains of elderly lab mice that
they curcumin as part of their diets. How do you like that? In addition when the researchers
added a load doses of curcumin to human beta amyloid proteins in a test tube the compound kept
the proteins from aggregating and blocked the formation of the amyloid fibers that make up Alzheimer's
uh plaques. Accumulation of beta amyloid proteins in the brain is one of the hallmarks of Alzheimer's
disease. It says the new findings suggest that curcumin can be capable of both treating Alzheimer's
and lowering your persons risk of development. So I'd go out and like to the Indian buffet we got
them all over place here they're all over. I don't the only problem is I don't like curry. Yeah no.
I don't like the way it smells. I don't like the way people smell who eat a lot of it because
they did they could put it in a capsule. See I guess it wouldn't be so bad to eat a lot of it but
just don't take a bath in it probably and then people wouldn't object to it so much. No no seriously
you know what that's like. People were too much cologne and they said like so they took a bath in
root or something like that. Not a good idea. Well by the way how's that the St. Ives
apricot coming? There's your assignment for this weekend. I'll say that. Apricot body wash.
Anyway exciting news come on we have no idea what it is the mad dog is next. Bye bye bye
