Norwegian
Don't waste
trees on you we have
headquarters today and then a
decade four o'clock Matt
Auguston
bring them to pass is yet to
come 10 o'clock tonight
one of Martez. Yeah. The guy who can't speak. Other than that he's a great blogcaster I think.
Sometimes he's a little shrewel. Not talking about shrewel. I'm just saying he can't speak. That's
the problem. Kind of like weed of crossbeach. He can't speak. Other than that, she's pretty weak.
Captain Harris has this again last night. After a nice comeback in the third period, they're down
three nothing. They tie it up. I saw some of that and I tuned in in the overtime and then with
four seconds left, they did it again. They mean that'd be good but at least they're consistent.
Boy, it's amazing. 10th of a second left in the clock, they can blow the game.
It's amazing how many games they've lost that way. Yeah. Last 10 seconds. Think for them.
Do you attach any significance to the fact that Keenan is on this road trip? No. Canceled
a strip to Finland? Yeah. Well, you're looking to make some moves. I mean, if that's what you're
driving at. But we don't want to talk about hockey, that'll be the end of this. Don't bury me right
off the van. We got important stuff to talk about today like the Bee Gees.
What's up with what's left of the Bee Gees? What big of a party? Well, I saw the biography.
A two-hour special on biography channel on the weekend and so long time ago. Yeah, that was really
great. It was good. And so I was inspired to go out and get all the because down there, I had all
the Bee Gees stuff. But of course, anything good that I left behind who got stolen long time ago.
You know, maybe I was asked something about Iraq. Like the like 79 and 19, let's start
formulating the exit plan. That was kind of a decisive vote, would you say in the Senate? Yeah.
Five corners of the Bee Gees. I don't know. We were talking about the Bee Gees and I heard
no, I picked up my CD and accidentally hit that top. I hit the top. And then George Grebb
speaking of pot. Yeah, I was watching a concert yesterday. The grateful dead and Janice Joplin,
boy, they were good. Why does that remind you of pot? Because it's good to watch those things now
when you can remember them. Are you there? I'm here. Oh, I'm just listening. I don't know what
we're doing. We're here. We're here. We're here. But I hear the sound of crickets or something.
Now, nobody Holly still dead too. Yes. Janice Joplin and the grateful dead. Yeah. What a concert.
I would pass myself. Oh, I was started watching. I got hooked. Lidian's tremendous. Dr. Hook.
Yeah. And the medicine show. Yeah. So anyway, I got the Bee Gees pulling, of course, the
being the positive crowd that we got out there, the same people who insist on dropping the
soap into the soap instead of using body wash. Oh, the Bee Gees suck is leading our poll. 22.9%
of the audience. So the Bee Gees suck. Why would you say that? That you'd say that because that's
the that's the socially acceptable thing to say for all these macho guys out there. All you know,
I thought the Bee Gees were very much unappreciated because they lived here. You know, so it would
in Star Island, is that it? Well, the fact that they were all lived here. I'm telling you more
of their hair. They're her hen that they lived there because you want to go to Mount Sinai and
put him over the edge. That was the end of him. It butchered him up real good. I scored Mount Sinai.
What would ever happen with that? All you was like an impacted big mackere something. That was it.
Wasn't it a lawsuit after that? I think so. I never saw the result of that. Well, they probably
had one of those settlement deals behind closed doors. Yeah. But they were great. They really were.
They were great. And anybody just like that whole crap George and I were talking before the show
today about the you know, Disco sucks. People say things because they think it's socially acceptable
to say it. Well, that's all way to my hold the phone until this tornado came through. Look who's
standing in the middle of that wreckage and devastation there in tornadoes with a black coat,
a black top coat. Oh my god. Look at that. Maybe like some kind of creature will come crawling out
from underneath all that rubble and just take care of his ass and the rest of them too. How's that guy
you hitting from the stadium Rick? Is he still dead? Oh, most of us around here don't like you.
Yeah. He is something. I'm surprised they have him on actually when people are awake because
they pretty much they're on to him already and they've relegated him to like two o'clock in the
morning when people are sloughing. And what we say to VG's were not appreciated because they lived
down in South Florida. Down here they weren't they were appreciated. I think far more everywhere
else than they were here. Well, so is everything else good is appreciated far more than South Florida.
I mean, they changed the whole culture. Right. Like the Beatles did. Yeah. Well, the matter of fact,
it was when they came to Florida to criteria records instead of recording an album down there.
A lot of artists that was really big at that time. So everybody says this ghost sucks. All the
great music was a lot of the great music was being made right there at that time. Yep. And these
people don't appreciate it. I see one of all of Martina's cronies got elected in high alias. Yeah,
I was saying how long was Raoul in office? Oh, a few years. About 30, man. 30 years. Long enough to
scare the crap out of me, but I just wondered how many seconds would have been long enough for you.
Yeah, that's his new flucky. That's his job now is to he's going to shadow you now. He's a very
good track. Look over your shoulder. He'll be standing there. The picture in a paper makes him look
almost as big as Raoul. Yeah, that's how I'm saying. We couldn't find Luca Brossi no more so we
brought this guy in. Oh, so you don't expect things to change watching highly. No, please,
we'll never change in highly. The only thing that's changed is that the track is closed down and
nobody goes there anymore. Other than that. So hand me down government. Yeah, it's a very sad place.
I once lived there in the highly what was that? What was that called? I don't know what it's called.
Not highly of gardens, but I looked next to Miami Lakes High School. That's KAT. I know where you're
talking about. Yeah, I guess it was okay. Highly a back in that day was okay. There were like about
six people who spoke English and it was all right. When I leave shulers, I drive past that all the time.
Do you have that high school? Yeah. Well, I'll be damned. American high school is what is called now,
I think. Well, I didn't know that. I don't think it would have been making any return appearances or
signings in high-level. No, I remember when you lived over that area. How do you know that?
Because you used to talk about it. I did? Yeah. Long time ago. Well, that's long. That's another
life. Long time listener. First time call. Just like that little apartment I had on a beach when
I first went to KAT. That was really something. Yeah. That was unbelievable. Everything else good
for you today? What was the name of the drugstore with the restaurant on Alton Road? There was a
block from where I had that little apartment where all the Orthodox Jews were screaming and yelling.
I was talking. No, there were Spanish Jews as a matter of fact. They were from Spain. The
loudest bastards I ever encountered in my life. And on a Sunday, I had one credit card then I had my
my visa, my first credit card. I went to maybe with my flagship bank. I remember with
flagship bank there on Washington, Avedon. All right. It was in Alton Road. Yeah. At any rate, I went
through with my credit card on a Sunday and the ATM was out of order. Of course, back to those
days, there weren't a lot of ATMs. You had to go to your bank and I was pretty much it. Yeah, I don't
remember anything. I had no cash. I had no groceries. No one would go and have lunch in that
dilly. What? It was not a dilly. But it was an on Alton Road. It was a drugstore with a soda fountain
with an old-fashioned counter. And I'm crossing the street going back to my little apartment and I see
by the curb, I see a 10 and a 5. Somebody dropped $15 on the street. And there was my lunch money.
True story. True story. You had to steal for lunch money? Huh? You had to steal for lunch money?
I had to steal. Yeah. That was a KAT. I was making 75 bucks a week or whatever. One of them was
actually making 200 a week. And then I got a big raise. So give me a big raise. By the way,
next time you have lunch with St. Tom, thanks for the raise to 2 and a quarter. That really put
me over the top. I'm going to ask what the hell was he paying you that you had to go out and
pick up money. And Mrs. Katzenthal was standing in a flagship bank speaking of that bank. I'm in
there making a deposit in my paycheck. And she says, oh, hello, Neil. Today's payday. Do you feel rich
now? I said, not quite yet, Mrs. Kay. I'm always for that. You feel rich now. Mrs. Willow
bitch. You needed great read over there. Huh? You needed great read over there. Oh, yeah. No
thanks. I'll stick with Mrs. Kay. She can't do any harm now. She's dead. She's not as dangerous as
he is. You know what's hard? Everything's been kind of like calm down. We don't have any,
I should probably give us a canary by say I miss. Yeah. But we don't have any like wild
machinations and flagulations and things going on and format changes and don't have any of that
for a while now. In fact, it's already the middle of November. I would say since the beginning of
the year, since you went on mornings and we stuck your buddy in the early since all of that. Since
Joel tried to hire everybody away. Why don't you even try to hire everybody away? Yeah. Try to hire
him. What is it? Try to hire a couple of us. Right. Nice book by the way, Joel. Oh, wait till
this fall. Those numbers are going to be spectacular. I see Gus Farot probably isn't going to play on
Sunday. Right. I still say the Browns are going to meet the dolphins, especially with that
girly quarterback Trent Tillfer. Trent Tillfer. I'm not talking about that girly quarterback. I'm
talking about Scott Rosen, the crans falls. Oh, you're talking about I thought you were talking
with their quarterback. No, no offense. Well, yeah, their girly quarterback is going to be the dolphins
girly quarterback. That's exactly what I said. Everybody wants to see Sejros and Fels. Well,
he'll have your chance this week. He did start the last game of the season last year. And he had
one touchdown pass and three interceptions. Right. He is going to really show you what you've
been waiting to see. Well, we'll see. I said yesterday, I thought that Gus's finger is probably the
same one and his wife has been flashing at the media all week because he canceled the sun sentinel.
If he was so tired of reading all the crap, they were writing about her husband even though it was
all true, but very uptight them people and for us. They say he's a real good guy. Well,
you know, something that's great. Joe Zagaki's a good guy too. On that note, have a great day.
Catherine Harris is getting skunked in the fall. Yeah, her manager said, hey, I'm jumping off.
I'm jumping off the Titanic. Maybe she can either leave it or be her manager. Leo DiCaprio. Yeah,
he's big on the Titanic. He was. You're fair. We have a great day. See, don't lose too much. Not
today. And I'll give you a word buying report in the morning. Okay. See you. Bye.
Turned about.
Hello, what is warm? I'll say you come here often. Pardon me? Have you been here before? No.
First time. What's your name? Three way. Three way. That's nice.
I'm big. It leaves the nature. It gets me here.
You were here to get clean. Oh, I don't know. You were work around here? I'm a waiter,
but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah, yeah, I know. What's the topic? You probably need to rely.
Oh, how so? But you know, with everything that's in the news and all, it's just, hey, you can start
relaxing right now. I'll freeway. I brought something. Oh, she and freeway. Not just any
she either. Wow, gold. Look. Pretty cute. It's the most important part freeway. It can be
ProTechs Label. ProTechs? Aren't those in dorms? By the City Council of San Francisco. Absolutely.
You know the ProTechs Logan Doach. I sure do. Certified state by the City by the Bay.
Well, what do you say? Darn. Look at that. I just so began. I'll get in. You bet your life
he will and with confidence because freeway and spick it have condoms. Don't let worry,
my mind free. F can be. We are. We keep in down with no
doubt. You know what it's all about. The ProTechs, so they won't send you a re-proTeched condoms.
A division of black, black, housing, garden, has some golden vision keeping situation since 1887.
That's right. All you guys that are still using the soap, we know you just want to keep dropping it.
You're not fooling anybody. I didn't really hear Hank say that he really enjoyed that
concert he saw on TV. The Grateful Dead and Janice Joplin. He really say that? I was having a
difference of opinion with the right wife regarding that particular movie just the other day.
Really? It's a movie about a concert tour that they did together. I see. Well, make sure
warn me if it comes on again. Oh, hey, I'll tell you. I'm warning to be real busy. I'll be out
like plucking hairs from my nostril. You better warn me if you see it first though, right?
1013 already went a hopper with sure her boasts morning or maybe I was or maybe they went
real late with their last break because we have a few spots on the log today. I fell back to
critics, whatever your name is in sales. He's really doing it. That guy. You got a whole bunch of
new sales people. We have that boiler room going in the back dollar, Rahara. Nice going, Curtis.
Hank is God. I love Hank. I'm having a JF there with Hank.
I was standing there one day not thinking I was dying from being able to make news of news.
I should never keep saying hello. I think my course is trapped inside my bowels.
How can you start from infected parts?
You're the default your doctors in. Now my heart stops. You shrugged it's eye to my
intestine sounds. I guess I should have known what to expect living in my alley,
which the kind of service you've given this time. I would have to leave too far wrong here.
Why can't you let me so do that? Why can't you lose us? Get it right. My bowels were blocked
inside my hiding. Can't make my turn go out.
Welcome. Tell it down there. Kill them.
And then some. So anyway, we should have joined QAM today. 11 to 1 at the Metro PCS store at 9900
Pinesville. Why not? All the way to these liners always say, do in QAM as if this kind of
anthropomorphic reference to the radio station like it's a living breathing thing. It is. It's a
monster. It's another one of those great signings. I'll bet. Stash your mist. Stop by to win prizes
from the house wall hotties. I have no idea who they are or what they look like, but you'll find
out for yourself. Win prizes from the house wall hotties and give great deals on new activations.
That's the Metro PCS store in Pemberpines. 11 to 1 today with 560 QAM. 9900 Pinesville.
VAR be there or do something more useful. Okay, so here's yesterday's pool. The biggest
fakers on TV ever. Jim and Tammy Faye Baker rhymes with Faker and Los Angeles Laker and Marvin
Maker. Anyway, Jim and Tammy Faye had 350. They kind of pulled away there in the stretch. They
led from the get go from the outset. Nobody could catch him. Pat Robertson, they'll give them a run
for their money. 298. Dr. Phil 252, a very respectable third. Bill Orale, 208, Benny Hint 204.
And then way down after that, that's the top five. They're in the league of their own.
As Yumi Swagrid 70, Harada Rivera 57, Kevin 2047. He moved up nicely once they figured out who I was
talking about. What they don't want you to know, you don't want us to know is that you're a crook
and a con artist and a belong back in prison. Okay, reserve the same self-form where he was twice
before. Piece of turd. But he got handed to him. Very clever. He puts all these little things in
there that everybody agrees with. People that are pissed off and don't trust a medical profession
at all. And then he just jumps on it. I wish I had a thought of it. Janet Paul Crocs 46,
Oprah's got 38. The old Oprah Meister moved up there nicely. He's got all these women mesmerized,
all these silly ass housewives. Reverend D. James Kennedy 34, Ernest Ainsley 22, Tim Russell 21,
Richard Simmons 12, the reason he didn't do more than that is because you don't see him that much
anymore. Thank the Lord. Thank God. Thank God. Great. He simmed with another phony diet plan with the
Adele Meal and Squill Meal and Squat Nadeal. He's still having marks on my neck where he tried to
choke me that time at I.n.z. Peter, seriously, he was a common around. He came in as an idiot and he
put his hands around my neck like that. He was squeezing a little too hard. I say. Yeah. He was there
with his dark, complex boyfriend, by the way. Peter Popoff had 10, which in the beginning of the
show, nobody knew who he was and then they discovered that magic water. Once you discover you or
the magic water, then you order and know who that is. And Ron Popeye was last to date because we
trust Ron 1677 votes pretty and good. I would say when you, indeed, Peter Popoff. Well, we discovered
Peter Popoff yesterday. How about those panthers? Yeah, they did it again. Oh, man, what is up with that?
Four seconds left at overtime. And all of a sudden there's that sack of coivu, man, and it's
in the net and about to bring that's it. And there's that Jack Martin frog with that long look on his
pushing. Oh, geez, we lose again. Oh, you're late. Anyway, here's the poll today. And I'm going to
say it again and you look, you're entitled to have bad taste. There's no question about it. It's a
free country, at least not like he used to be before Bush, but there are a few freedoms left.
They're not sure what they are. But one of them definitely is having bad taste like saying that
you enjoy Janice Jafflin and the grateful dead. I wasn't going to argue with Hank. He's in
title to have bad taste. At least he liked the BG's and admits it. I don't get anybody like
over here. Cute. My all time favorite BG song is now again. I was inspired because I saw the
BG's on biography. Do you have that on the cable that biography network? Oh, yeah. Boy, that's a great
network. That's one of my very favorite. In fact, they had last night. Sometimes they have like not
in, well, it wasn't individual, but it would look at Newsy thing. It was the, and I asked them,
how come you're so Newsy now? The Boston Stranger Albert Isalvo? What about him?
Remember Isalvo was pizza? Well, no, it wasn't the same to Isalvo. Albert, they had his
biography on last night and there was Flea Bailey was on there and it was pretty interesting.
Because I lived in Boston at that time. In my land lady, her name was Mrs. Brown. I said,
hey, Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job. She was an old silly old lady and we had a guy who lived
in one of the downstairs apartments. His name was Jimmy Murphy and he looked like he was always
unshaving kind of like a very strange kind of guy and he used to like playing with her head. Hey,
Brownie, what do you used to call him? I forget what he called her, but he used to like try to make her
think he was the Boston Stranger. Because at that time, all the women in Boston were terrified.
They were like a peon in a bottle. They didn't want to even leave the living room. But anyway,
Boston Stranger, we had to be there, I guess, to like appreciate how it was kind of a scary time.
Kind of like what Ted Bundy was running around loose and Florida. Remember those days? Oh, yeah.
My all time favorite BG song is, and what do we got? We already got a lot of votes on there,
but of course, leading the way, and I had to put this on because I knew we get a lot of votes,
leading the way the BG's suck, 127, 22.7%. I mean, you're so predictable. That's why I put that
to choice on there. And then there's another one I put on there. Who are the BG 16? Even Josh
knows who the BG's are. Everybody knows who the BG's are. Right. So the 16 idiots out there,
even if you're like, you know, 19 years old, you still know who the BG's are. They probably have
heard their songs and don't know that that's them. Right. Well, I don't want to, because we got
I don't want to offend a quarter of the audience today.
So anyway, I got to, I went out and spent all that money. I also got George the movie
Pinnis coming from Amazon.com. You're getting that tomorrow. I mean, that's what I got.
I got something to say to look forward to, and especially those of you who hate the BG's and think
they suck, I'm just going to inundate you with BG's day. Oh, we're going to turn you off, Neil,
where you want. No, you won't. You'll have that radio blast in there to be getting good vibrations
from it. Just don't let anybody find out about it, because then they'll say, you're fair. Right.
All these people out there, when are you ever going to get over that whole complex,
that whole psychological hang up you got? Oh, I got to be a macho man. First of all, if you were so
macho, you would be listening to this show in the first place. Oh, I'll never thought about that.
27 past 10 to 5, 60 WQ AM bitch.
How many stars must the will man be for?
Before he gets known of his feet?
How much blue must he use on his hair? So his two they won't fly out to sea?
How many times must he stumble and fall? Before he wins a news?
Ami.
10, 33, 27, 11, and 5, 60 WQ AM. A Los Angeles couple is trying to trademark Jesus'
juice wine with a label that looks a lot like Michael Jackson being crucified.
What a great concept. Oh man. CBS even produced a Bruce Rines that has wiped on West Lake
filed for the Jesus' juice trademark two years ago, when Jackson was arrested on
Chaud Muller Station charges and reports her 50 allegedly gave children wine, which he called
Jesus' juice. And you heard that here first, by the way, from the inquirer a month before it
came out in the trail. Remember that? Right, I do. The smoking gun reports this on its website,
by the way. Westlaken Rines have now given the US patent and trademark office. They've proposed
logo as well, a scantily clad man with long hair, a black pedora covering his face, white
socks and black loafers, and a single sequined glove, as seen on the smoking gun.com. I fully expect
that Jackson's lawyers will have an objectionable response to Jesus' juice, a spokeswoman for Jackson
told the Daily News. Rines who went and CBS's news coverage of the trail that ended with Jackson's
acquittal said Jesus' juice was in a reverend idea being blown out of proportion. We made a few
bottles for friends, the hobby wine maker, said we never wanted to sell it. We only trademarked
because we didn't want other people trying to make money or off it. We don't want to make money
off Jesus' like we religious freaks are. Somebody fases and I thought we had all the BG hits on
there, I guess, while we didn't. And they remind him of mortality, how come that's on there?
It's wrong with us. Let's get it on there right now so they can go for it.
I see why I left it off there. But you can put it on there.
That's enough. That's not one of my favorites. If I could have heard Janice Joplin.
Anyway, Aless says their best album is their first. I think I can't read that at all.
Crazy. Yeah, we're hoping you couldn't. Kirk. What is that? Captain Kirk. Is their best
on Captain Kirk? Two cats you do resist. Well, I was thinking more like, I don't know.
Maybe it's Captain G. How do I know? The freaking beat.
How about you?
You're right, it's in the morning sun. I feel you tightly in the morning rain.
Welcome.
If you are going to bed, it's a mess of choices.
Oh, right.
Kevin's back. Kevin's coming over there. Kevin's coming over there.
Look at him. Oh! Don't you think I'm here? Kevin's coming over there.
I eat your hearts out all you modicone is out there how you closet bg fans my all time favorite bg
song the bg suck 120 22.9% of our first 522 votes 522 votes at 1037 holy cow of course I put this
out into 630 I just happened to wake up early they know but well let's give it an old head start
remember the head start program yes stay in alive so far is number one 65 for staying alive which as
much as you know you got to like stay alive but is that correct answer I'll get I'll tell you
when we get to the correct answer okay George and I both had the correct answer yeah coincidentally
well how do you well it's because it's the correct answer stay in life 65 how deep is your
love 35 but the only days 32 drive talking 31 which I thought was kind of interesting when
very talk about how he got the idea to make that about the traffic that would go over the
cause way right because they live in star island and a click-clack click-clack and each
you don't know it the grooves of the road it was moderately interesting it was great talk 31 and then
the song that probably should definitely do it oh yeah oh oh yeah
you
Say
you
So nights on Broadway's got 26 votes.
Should have a lot more than that.
But then again, what do you guys know?
More than a woman 24.
How can he make a broken heart 23?
Just reading all these titles, my God.
Yeah.
You should be dancing 21.
I started a joke 21.
I fever 16.
Who are the BGs?
16 of you said, who are the BGs?
See, I'm not buying it.
Josh is right.
Anybody doesn't know the BGs kill yourself.
To love somebody 15, I got to get a message to Jews 14.
Isn't that what the Jesus said?
Islands in the stream 11, tragedy 10.
New York, mining disaster 8.
If I can't have you 7.
You've won element.
They did songs that other people had big hits on.
That they wrote for other people.
Word 7, Massachusetts 7, emotion 5.
Love so right 3.
Heartbreaker, Dion Warwick had a bigger remur.
3.
Yeah.
Even though it'd be on Warwick, he liked her back then.
Then we thought out she was a faker.
She was on it all at psychic crap.
Holiday 3, too much heaven 2.
Or did I leave off here?
Well, I leave islands in the stream off here.
I hope so.
No, come on now.
Oh.
Oh no, it had 11 votes.
I'm sure.
Holiday 3, which of course, Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton?
It's big.
They were both big.
Too much heaven 2 in mortality 1, you win again.
1, 1, 1, 1, 1.
Run to me and world heaven.
None so far.
532 votes.
You're going to play us those BGs.
What's wrong with you?
You're making a...
This is where he loses contact with the audience.
Okay?
It wasn't when Eric Clapin's kit flop out the window.
It's when he started with his BGs crap.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
16.
2.
8.
I smell it.
Dude, man.
Nobody likes to get up in the morning.
But let's face it, party all night.
Sleep all day makes Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker.
That's why you need the Rock and Roll alarm clock.
No wimpy beep beep there.
Just gut wrenching, high decibel screams from today's top rock artist.
You'll await the Bruce Springsteen and Joe Parker.
Chris Robinson from the Black Rose.
And for the true comatose news amp, there's the Who Alarm.
Oh, Fectus Awakey.
I've got the more gear warm food ban.
Studies show Stoke Brains respond to the Rock and Roll alarm clock.
Get it now and hit bang your way into a new day.
There we go.
1046-14.
We've got a really screwed up lineup today because this one has the day off and that one is like
screwing around.
We got Curtis Stevenson at 2 for the Mole Man with a little bit of an upgrade there if you ask me.
Any K is in for Mad Dog 4 to 7 and the Broad daylight.
Old Eddie K will be 60 any second now.
He's joining the old Jew club on QAM.
What do you think about that?
Hurricane Hotline 7.
How come we got that on Wednesdays?
And they usually, oh, that's because we got hockey tomorrow night.
Hurricane Hotline at 7 from Bernie Kose, our Stake House in South Miami, the beast at the
Bernie's at 9.
And then Lenny Martez for Eddie K who's in for Mad Dog at Lenny Martez at 10 tonight.
So be sure to miss that, please.
A high school junior is facing a charge of attempted murder after shooting or clasping
in the shoulder Tuesday morning on a cry of school bus.
The blast from the 32 caliber handgun was the combination of an argument between two teenage
girls that began at the school of previous day.
Miramar Police spokesman Bill Robertson be saying, the victim Kalisha Cheedham 17 survived.
The shooter ran prompting a massive search of wood scape, a three-line neighborhood in southern
Miramar, just east of the Turnpike.
Officials locked down two nearby schools as dogs, helicopters and SWAT teams hunted for the girl,
at 120 p.m., six hours after the shooting, the girl 17 surrendered to Miramar detectives.
She faces three felony counts, including premeditated attempted murder Robertson said.
And the reason she did it is because Kalisha, the day before on a bus, even though this article in the Sun
said, so they don't know what caused it, we already had that yesterday, right, from the
day before.
And I'll show you tomorrow, I'll ask you to come back tomorrow, meaning yesterday and
I'll be the school bus, I'll give her what for.
There was a carry-over argument between the girls that started Monday, Robertson said, there's
evidence the shooter thought this out.
In other words, it was premeditated, and I don't think it's that much worse when you think
it's better.
But George says you go, girl.
Bitch, how'd it come in?
Just like, finally, lately, bakedly.
By the way, the jury's deliberating in a rubber-blathing.
I don't see very much about that.
Oh, look at this.
Here we go.
This is really a counter.
Yeah, this is just exactly what you'd expect.
You're killing me with this VG's crap.
Although at least they spelled VG's, right?
Almost they left the S off, but they left the...
There's like a space between B and G, okay?
But Eric's under a lot of pressure.
You're killing me with this VG's crap.
Stop it now.
Or I might have to listen to the Joel station guy forgive me.
Go right ahead.
Have a good time, okay?
Listen to that crap for about 30 seconds.
You'll be right back.
30 seconds.
I'll take.
They got juice and toast and omelette and potato and scabble eggs and they got cinnamon
toast and whatever else you want.
You'll just go into a coma.
Most of the gifts that Cesar now did and you probably...
I'm making them turn in their own graves by hearing the music being played.
Well, first of all, the only gifts that Cesar does is Andy Gibb, who was never
remembered the VG's and Morris Gibb.
Those didn't know him as I know and there's only two other ones anyway,
as Robin and what's his name?
Don't tell me.
Very.
Very good.
Very good.
You fair now.
How can you be very off?
He's like the lead singer on most of the songs.
And writer and all that.
Right.
With a false set of voice.
Macho guys though.
Macho guys with a false set of voice.
You can get away with that.
You can't be like a girly man like, you know, I can't see very
manllow singing with that kind of, but well, actually he does.
So anyway, you're killing me.
Okay. Well, you know what?
Too bad.
Just like those hockey shows, you're killing us.
We don't like it.
We don't like anything.
You don't know what you do like.
That's outflow to for you.
I like it.
And like I said, or now just came out of the blue.
I don't know where I just happen to see that biography thing.
And I thought, well, it's got kind of a local hook to it because they live out there
in Star Island in the half of years.
And Morris died in Mount Sinai where they're butching him up just because he had like,
you know, like that fits as all he needed was like maybe a little duke
Alexa or something that cleared out that went and doubt cleared it all out.
And instead they just bordered him up and before we know what he was dead.
And in addition to what you're supposed to show him, the facts here, most of the BG's are probably dead right now.
You don't even know who the hell they are.
You know, you better get with it, miss.
You better do a little BG's research, sir.
Whoever the hell you are.
In a word.
Cranky.
Can you say word?
Smoking, killing at the rest, and smoking.
A smoking brain, you need me.
See, I was going to change the bullet, no, and do the, I'm going to say that a little
for tomorrow.
Just to get equal that vaccine.
That'll teach you to sell us a hot milk facts.
You idiot, you.
Right.
Don't drop the soap on while you're at it.
If you're a TV now, they're soap guys.
These are soap on the road.
And what's the process?
I'm not talking about everyone.
See, you grow as dead, the thing I'm saying.
I'm not talking about you.
You take not breath away.
Suddenly you'll be fine, but,
or the best reason it is,
because you're not talking about these things.
Just try to be polite.
Even if you're all about that, I'm not a bad guy.
I only dance for real, yeah.
See, those people would say that disco socks in the 70s sucked all over the crap.
They suck.
Because disco was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of great music that came out of the era, including our very own criteria records,
the recording studio in Miami, was where a ton of great stuff was recorded.
George McCray, right?
And, huh?
You're going to make me dig all this stuff up.
Gacy and a sunshine band.
They're old, hairy, Gacy and his parrot.
Don't forget that time he came to my house in Jacaranda.
I always had these young guys with him with the bad zits.
Maybe he was kind of a zit guy, or maybe just a zit head.
All of that stuff was great.
Alicia Bridges, right?
Right?
There you go.
Clinton's speaking of action says,
I'm going to end her spurs all of my agenda here with the Bee Gees today.
And then probably a call or two, probably some angry people.
WQA, I'm complaint line.
Hello.
Good morning, Mr. God, Neil.
How are you today?
Okay.
And George, she's pretty damn good too.
How you guys doing?
I'm not going to create a near rock your baby.
Whoa, whoa.
Hey, I got a question for you.
Who's with these, man?
Those were the days.
I got a question for you, Neil.
Who is the greatest touring rock and roll band of all time?
Who's sold the most concert tickets?
You know what?
You're peddling in the wrong place, baby.
I'll take it out right now.
Am I really?
I like their fishboot.
I like Ben and Jerry's.
Ben and Jerry Garcia.
Yeah.
All right.
Talk about a husband.
All right.
That was great.
Now, what are you doing there?
You're playing a little George McCray in the background?
Yeah.
That was what I was playing.
No.
Well, you've lost rock.
I vote.
Now, who else do you rock your baby, residual?
I always get those confused.
That's all right.
Hughes Corporation is what you're thinking about.
Oh, Hughes Corporation and rock the boat.
Well, you mentioned Casey.
Well, they were out at the same time.
I know, Harry and the Gacy, I know.
Oh, that was great.
It was fun music.
Oh, I love dancing to it.
People were having a great time.
It was a little kind of gay.
But then again, what isn't?
And it was ours.
It was our own.
Right.
That's right.
It was a South Florida fan.
Well, let's play Casey.
That's going to be the choice.
Is it the BG's or KC?
The rest of the show, huh?
I don't think so.
Now, we're not going to do a Gacy day on the show.
I mean, not that I don't like their music.
It's got a lot of good stuff.
And it was, uh, good.
I'll pretty much sound to the same if you ask me.
It was very good, though, Harry.
You were really great back in the day.
We really are respecting.
He lives in highly or did or whatever with his boyfriend and parent, whatever.
That's it.
Okay.
I think we heard that one.
That one.
That one.
The creature touches me and he smiles.
That's a movie.
That's a time to work with me.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
The one who won't want to be.
Always.
But the heart is on its own.
It is ours.
Oh.
There is a right there, right there.
It is.
It is.
It is.
I think we had all these great memories back.
It is a kind of change in the afternoon.
Either that or the other people have all ran off.
Which is fine.
There in town, we give them a pass today.
If you're offended by the BG's music,
Bye-bye.
We'll see you.
See you around.
22% were down.
Do we get 122% say the BG's suck?
I think we'll be really accomplishing phenomenal things on this show.
Moving mountains.
The United States made a big mistake when it invaded Iraq
from a President Bill Clinton said today,
citing the lack of planning for what would happen after dictator Saddam Hussein was overthrown.
Saddam is gone.
It's a good thing, but I don't agree with what was done.
He told students at the American University of Dubai.
He was probably singing Doobie Doobie.
Maybe he was smoking a Doobie on it.
He didn't inhale though.
It was a big mistake.
The American government made several errors.
One of which is how easy it would be to get rid of Saddam and how hard it would be the United States.
While the...
...2,071 dead soldiers now were priced approaching the 2100 total.
Is there any number that will make a difference now?
I mean, just stop and think about how in idiotic this is.
You got a president who had more and more people now,
almost 60% of the country believe that he loved the country and this war based on a pack of lies
that they destroyed the intelligence they sexed it up as the births say.
And at 2100 dead Americans and thousands and thousands of dead Iraqis
and a war that was all for nothing that had nothing to do with terrorism or any of this other crap
and it was all pre-planned way ahead of time before 911.
Which all of those things are true and he's over there in Japan now.
Maybe he'll get some bad suits you like daddy did over there.
Remember when daddy was in Japan?
Yeah, couple people have done this.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is the next one to get you.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the brain.
What? What?
Any questions?
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
The brain.
Things are looking dim as ever they cause of the months, dali.
Levitton wanted 560 this show that story in China the 3-The First 3
human cases of bird flu and so the Chinese responses as British as they always
are on first issues like these.
We're going to anoculate all of birds in China and they estimate there's 14
Can you stick it?
You know, they're a little shy.
Or maybe a big shot.
So I'm not going to let that baby in.
And we don't have to worry about the birds no more.
Even Tippie Hedren can't believe them Chinese.
They got a great sense of humor.
14 billion, that's with the B billion birds.
They're going to inoculate each and every one.
Right.
Robert Scheer, who got canned at the LA Times last Friday,
because he's to the left of Hitler.
He writes, I'm working for Change now.
Is the website, actually, this is working.
Is that the name of a website?
Or what is that?
Working for Change.
I don't know.
Yes it is.com.
Told you.
But he's also on a huffington.
He's all over the place.
He won't miss any Meals, Robert Scheer.
He's a great comest.
And if he pretty said they, pretty pretty said they would have
guys been working for 30 years.
And the LA Times won the best comments the American gets canned
because he's not fascist.
He says, the big lie technique,
at a time when approximately 57% of Americans pulled blue
but President Bush deceived them on the reasons for the war in Iraq.
It does seem a bit redundant to deconstruct
the President's recent speeches on that subject.
Yet to fail to do so would be to passively accept the big lie technique,
which is how we as a nation under this horrible mess in the first place.
The basic claim of the President's desperate and stride attack on the worst critics this past week
is that he was acting as a consensus president when intelligence information
left in no choice but to invade Iraq as a preventive action to detour a terrorist attack on America.
This is flatly wrong.
His rationalization for attacking Iraq once it's accepted uncritically by most in Congress and the media,
easily intimidated by jingle wisdom is now known to be false.
The bipartisan 9-11 commission selected by Bush concluded unanimously that there was no link between Al-Qaeda and Saddam Hussein's
second redictatorship Al-Qaeda sworn enemy,
and a recently declassified 2002 document proves that Bush's evidence for this
available to the top administration officials was based on a single discredited witness.
Clearly under-defensive, Bush now sounds increasingly in the Xonian as he basically calls the majority of the country
traitors for noticing that he tricked us.
Reasonable people can disagree about the conflict of the war,
but it's irresponsible for Democrats to not claim that we misled them and the American people the president said
in an Air Force base in Alaska.
Leaders in my administration and members of the U.S. Congress from both political parties
looked at the same intelligence that Iraq and reached the same conclusion Saddam Hussein was a threat.
This is a manipulative distortion.
The same Hussein was a threat to somebody somewhere in some context.
It's not the same as endorsing a preemptive occupation of this country and a fantastically expensive and blatantly risky nation building exercise.
And the idea that individual senators and members of Congress had the same access to even a fraction of the wrong intelligence as the president of the U.S.
is just a lie on its face.
It's a simple matter of security occurrences which are not distributed equally.
It was enormously telling in fact that the only part of the Senate that did see the unsanitized national intelligence system in Iraq,
the Republican let Senate and the Silicon Intelligence Committee shockingly voted in the fall of 2002
against the simple authorization of force demanded by Republican president.
Panic, the warmokers, the more mongers in the White House and Pentagon pressured CIA director George Tenet
to rush release to the entire Haley very short summary of the careful NIE which made Hussein seem in practically more dangerous than the whole world indicated than the whole report indicated.
The Defense Intelligence Agency finally declassified its investigative report within recent days.
The smoking gun document proves the Bush administration's key evidence for the apocryphal of some of the bin Laden Saddam Hussein alliance
said by Bush to involve training in the use of weapons and mass destruction was built upon the testimony of a prisoner
who was probably intentionally misleading the debriefers.
Yet despite the government having been informed of this by the Pentagon's intelligence agency in February of 2002,
Bush told the nation eight months later on the eve of the Senate's vote to authorize the war, that we've learned that a rack history and al-Qaeda members
in bomb making and poisons and gasses.
This false al-Qaeda link was the Lynxpin Debush's argument that he couldn't delay the invasion after the UN weapons inspectors completed their investigation in a matter of months,
perhaps he feared not that those weapons would fall into the wrong hands, but that they wouldn't be found at all.
Bost in by international sanctions, weapons inspectors, US fighter jets patrolling two huge no-fly zones, and powerful rifle arrivals on all his borders,
Hussein in 2003 was decidedly not a threat to America, but the Bush White House wanted a war with Iraq and pulled out all the stops,
references to a mushroom cloud and calling Hussein an ally of al-Qaeda to convince the rest of us it would necessary.
The White House believed the ends occupying Iraq justified the means exaggerating the threat. We now know those ends have proved disastrous.
Oblivious to the grim irony Bush proclaims his war without an end to Iraq the central front and a new cold war, never acknowledging that he has handed out al-Qaeda terrorists to new home base.
Iran, his access and evil member now has its disciples in power in Iraq.
Last week, top of Bush administration officials welcomed Washington in Iraq deputy premonisher Al-Qamad Chalabi, who previously was denounced for having allegedly passed US secrets to his old supporters in Tehran,
and was elected to a top post in Iraq by campaigning on anti-U.S. slogans.
Under Bush's watch, we not only suffered the 9-11 terrorists attacks while he snoozed, but he failed to capture the perpetrator with those attacks and is given al-Qaeda a powerful base in Iraq from which to terrorize.
And this is the guy who dares to tell us his critics are weakening our company.
Robert Chirman, he's one of the best. And not for the LA Times no more though.
Scruel the LA Times, F the LA Times. Times rhymes with slime. Let's see.
Fanny, what the hell is Fanny? I remember Fanny by Florence Henderson with Walter Slazak.
What the hell is Fanny be tending with my love? Do you ever hear that?
You ever hear that song?
Oh, that's it. Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
Yeah, put that on the pole. Fanny be tending with it. Take these in.
Got it?
Yeah.
Scruel the LA Times.
And not for the LA Times.
Take these in.
Oh, you're killing us, Neil. What is these, G's? We're going to kill ourselves. Good.
Be Christmas or plus population, man. What's the Puberty Service?
No real man likes to be, G's.
I got it. Wait a minute. Pause. I got a better idea. Let's play all the great full deads, big hits.
Name one.
Come on. You can do it.
I can name some of those songs right now.
It's much harder to go away.
That's the booty.
It's much harder to make up.
It's higher than that.
No, this is really a scream. There's bushes that tell you Chinese that they need to get and give their people more freedom.
This would be like Hitler going to a Moscow and telling Stalin that the Russian people needed more freedoms.
Give me a break.
I don't think BG's music was gay at all.
They were like very, very heterosexual, all married, numerous times, all had offspring, etc.
Let's see how this poll comes.
Join QAM.
In fact, maybe it's going to be one of those great QAM signings. Maybe WQM will sign a card for you.
Could we have like the QAM, you know, how like teens have we have...
What's the Stanley T. Panther for the Panthers and Elise have Carlton the Bear?
He's got a mascot.
And Stupid Astalfan, Danny. Why would we have like a QAM thing?
We do.
What is it?
How are David?
Oh, come on. I mean, that's why he's not on today.
Join QAM 111 with a Metro PCS store located at 9900 times Boulevard.
Stopped by to win prizes from the House of All-Hoties, get great deals on new activations.
Metro PCS store in Pepperpies, not a one.
By the way, Georgia's being suspended all next week because he stole too much pizza.
That's right.
My all-time favorite BG song and looking at Georgia, I mean Eric put a nice...
Look at that. You know, you didn't have to do that, Eric.
I'm sure you got more important things to eat.
I mean, you know what to do.
But you put a nice space in there between the B and the G.
My all-time favorite BG song, the BG suck 132.
That's down to 21.2%.
Oh, wouldn't it be something if we got another 20% by the end of the show?
Would that be a go or what?
It would feel like we accomplished nothing.
Yeah, we chased away all the BG's haters.
Well, too bad. Too bad.
Okay, we can't offer to be your taste as in your Tush.
And the fact that it does have the local to South Florida hook to it.
I mean, this is so significant in our lives.
Unless you're some kind of a punk, unless you're like 10 years old.
And if you're 10-year-old, how come you're not in the school, you idiot?
The BG suck 132, stay in a live 83.
It's going to win by a lot.
What is this all about? Do you see that?
Forbidden love.
In 18-year-old, who looks like an average kid,
dressed in an orange and white jumpsuit, politely answering the judge, yes sir.
Oh, and that's that...
Oh, isn't the kid, is it?
Yeah.
Get out of here. That's the kid. This guy?
That punk, he's still in his grotesque.
Stay in live 83. How deep is your love 43?
Lonely days 38. Jive talk in the Aheez ugly.
34. Nights on Broadway's got 33.
That should be the winner. My god, is there any doubt?
What about Josh? What's your favorite BG song?
I mean, I'd have to go with one of the trendy ones.
Like Stan and I, whatever.
Okay.
Boring.
How can you make a broken heart 27 more than a woman 26?
You should be dancing. Dancing 23. We'll get to that.
I started in the joke 23.
Night Peter 21.
I'm tragedy 20. George is favorite.
Oh, no, don't even.
Well, just because you had to play it a lot.
Who are the BG's 18 idiots out there?
18 people that need serious help getting out of bed in the morning.
I got to get a message, a massage to you 17.
To love somebody 16.
I was in a stream 11.
I bet you don't like partnering the Kenny Rogers voted on that.
But if I can't have you 10.
Remember, you find element? No.
Yes, I do.
Massage Tuesday 10.
Words 8.
New York Mining Disaster 8.
Emotion 5. Heartbreaker 4.
Although I must confess, I cannot tell the line.
I did like the Dn work version better.
Oh, I didn't mind.
That's not really, really good.
In fact, it had the, I mean, the 80 billion tracks, you know, that was, it was good.
Too much heaven for love so right 3.
One has got 3.
Three has got 1.
Holiday 3.
Fanny B. Tender with my love has got 1.
Immortality 1.
You win again 1.
And none yet for one to me or world.
What is world?
I didn't play that did I?
I don't think so.
What is it?
It sounds like one fine name.
I just should call it.
Huh?
So bit.
By the way, it's over.
Oh, yeah.
I'll wait till we hear this.
No, go ahead.
Oh, we don't have love you inside and out on there.
But why not?
I don't know.
Slip it out.
Because it's not on my disc.
Maybe it is.
No.
What do they mean by this anyway?
I found.
That's the world.
It is right.
I don't like that.
I don't like that.
What has it heard it?
What are you talking about?
Love you inside and out.
Yeah.
What do they mean by that?
What's he talking about?
I can never understand these signs.
Yeah, you're not supposed to think about what the lyrus mean.
Okay, just a dance and I think it and the rabbit and squeezing.
Just don't worry about it.
See, now you're starting to get like the Bee Gees
and never made intellectual music.
Okay, it was not like for a unless.
It wasn't something you had to really think about.
It was like Bob Dylan who couldn't sing a lick or even look at it.
It was, you know, you don't have to think all that much about the lyrus.
I don't think twice.
That's all right.
Whatever, you know, blowing in the wind.
Yeah.
It was fun.
It was fun.
It was fun.
It was music that's all.
It was music to dance to.
A little dancing in your pants.
What's wrong with that?
I keep thinking about those black ants and that girl's eye and Indian eye.
This is Neil Park.
This is Neil Park.
This is Neil Park.
This is Neil Park.
This is Neil Park.
This is Neil Park.
This is Neil Park.
Well, how did it even go to the other world?
I am here.
And you are...
I can't say it anymore.
I took that from me.
Thanks for no small pause.
That got a midday show guy.
Oh, Bokeh.
Yeah, yeah, that's the guy.
Who having a hell out of this?
You met him.
I did it.
Yes.
Out in the hallway.
I don't know who had a go ever with.
Let's take some calls.
Shall we?
Prestige is a Bud Polyans city.
To do.
Yeah, hi, Mom.
Yeah, well, you know what he is.
When are people going to realize this?
This is a sports show.
And nothing else.
Absolutely.
Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports.
By the way, some, they paid me to oggle and admire men.
This here is a sofa men.
A belt men like this.
Millie bears and chats.
You stole the pizza?
You stole the pizza?
I did not take no pizza.
You stole the pizza?
I don't be ridiculous.
You stole the pizza?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I stole the pizza?
I didn't steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza?
No.
I did not steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza?
Now see here.
I ate no bite by the leg.
I stole the pizza?
I did not steal the pizza.
I only had one slice.
They're okay.
So it was a whole bite.
Who cares?
Those bombs had no power.
I was hungry.
I sacrificed a lot too, you know.
There was no doctor Brown.
Just don't taste the same without the doctor Brown.
That's rudist.
And that's my own sentence.
Good night.
And kiss my ass.
Did I play this?
So for it.
No.
But you have to finish the joke.
And I did not steal the pizza.
He started.
I started the joke.
I fixed on it the whole world crying.
Okay, on that note, it's 20 past 11.
We're a little beegee intensively.
We apologize profusely.
Not.
I like it.
Here's a fact of Martin and Fort Myers.
I thought was a good guy with a lot of sense.
But Martin, you need some help.
Too much time on a West Coast man will rot your brain.
Turn it to Jello.
He says, Loneel and Georgian, glad that you released you
of some credit to Kevin Tudon.
No, I don't.
I don't give him any credit.
Not that I believe everything he says.
People should always use their common sense before using
any product or following anyone.
On the other hand, Martin says,
he tells some good stuff to people they didn't know before.
About Teflon, anti-bacterial soap, chemicals in our food,
sugar steroids in meat, antibiotics in our milk,
chlorine in our water, and much more.
Not everyone knows these facts.
You won't hear about them on TV.
There's no wonder what people that people buy his book after seeing
what dirty business drug companies do, and how the FDA covers for them.
It's the fact they care more about money than anything else.
There's nothing wrong with eating natural food,
living healthiest he recommends, even though this should be
common knowledge available for free.
If you're sure it was available nationwide, he wouldn't succeed
because people would know all these things from you.
See, sucky, sucky, licky, licky Martin doesn't do any good
because you're talking crap.
I don't really care if he sells snake oil and people are buying it,
Martin says, I couldn't care less if he sells a rangatang,
Schmidt, and somebody buys it.
People are buying cigarettes.
Other poisons in there is not that much fuss about it.
I wouldn't buy either one, but that's me, says Martin.
For my view, at least he's not killing anybody with his products
and drug companies do.
Just in that guy trying to make a dishon, a living.
I put the dishonest in there.
There are many more cruxments that should be prosecuted before Kevin,
like our corrupted government lobbyists and corporate leaders,
Goodluck, says Martin.
Hey Martin, you're full of it.
Okay, orangutan, droppings.
This is a guy who takes a few kernels of truth and puts them on there
and then just lies blatantly that Karl Kalsimusel was a total fraud.
Every product, every book, everything he's ever been invented with
was a total fraud and they take people's credit card numbers
and uses them to buy his own cars and the chaskeys and things.
He's a crook, plain and simple, and you're trying to glorify.
You know what would be like?
I thought if I put a newsletter, how not to lose it this lot?
Guaranteed, I guarantee you, or your money back.
Listen to me, five bucks, I will send you an envelope,
and a plain white envelope, I'll send you two words that'll guarantee
that you'll never lose it by my disslust.
And you know what the two words are?
Don't play.
Don't go.
Oh, okay.
That's it.
Well, Guaranteed, and it's true, you can't sue me for your five bucks
a piece, I can tell you that.
So it takes a little bit of common sense stuff and puts it in there.
And the whole book, this book that he's selling millions of copies of,
which is really criminal, based on the premise that he's got the cures
for every disease, cancer, asthma, every disease ever been invented.
And there are no cures for anything in his book.
I bought the book, okay, I was a schmuck, I spent 30 bucks.
Fuck the baby!
And I bought the book just to see if it was as big a pile of crap
as I was pretty sure it was, and it was.
And here's my Martin Ovenirin Fort Myers defending Kevin Trudeau.
This man ought to be in prison.
Maybe you could make him some cookies and bring him in there,
slip a, maybe make him a cake and slip a little something in there for them.
Little arsenic, or just a razor blade.
Here's the autopsy on Morris Gib.
Oh, are we gonna do that?
Hell yeah.
Here you go, Jordan's favorite.
This is the great read story.
You know, you know, it's not just a bad song.
Great song.
I don't think it's bad.
It's a little bit of a story.
Right.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm just making all the love.
I'm making all the love.
I'm making all the love.
I'm making all the love.
I'm making all the love.
You're fair.
I'm making all the love.
Okay, that's enough.
Okay, now speaking of Morris, the official cause of death.
This is January 17, 2003.
Boy, time sure flies when people are dying.
You know what?
God.
Seems like just the other day that I came on here, we got that bulletin
that I said, Maurice, give that.
That's not Maurice.
It's Morris.
You, what are you gonna do?
You're BG's, man.
It's wrong with you.
An official cause of death was issued for late Morris,
give you died of something called a Schemek interopathy.
Gims autopsy report was released in January 16,
and we're feeling that Gim died of complications,
resulting from a twist in his bowel and small intestine.
Bretto, doctors believe that the twists
restricted the flow of blood in his body,
resulting in stomach pains, it caused the need to rush
to the hospital, and the cardiac arrest that he suffered
while on the operating table, why doctors attempted to untwist his stomach,
give died on Sunday January 12, three days after the operation,
three days after they butchered him up real good.
A doctor told the AP that Gim's stomach,
to a stomach twisting, was caused by a defect
that the singer was likely born with.
Such disorders don't offer result in any symptoms
until the patient is middle-aged, but it's uncommon for the results
to be as catastrophic as they were in Gibbs case,
but then to get most people with twisted bowel
don't wipe up in Mount Sinai.
The autopsy did not indicate if Gim's death could have been
prevented by doctors, Gibbs, two brothers,
Robert and very appropriate question that doctors
assumed to continue operating on Morris after his cardiac arrest,
and are reportedly considering legal action,
which they did file out and know what came out of it.
Morris was later arrested, my mate of private ceremony went to
January 15, 2003, and he's still dead.
Damn it.
They've burshied him up ready to go,
then there you go again.
See if they just would have read Kevin Tudos' book.
This is me, you bloody cranking out for his.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
The stench of Kalmanur
covers over this performance by the Dalton.
Does he do it?
Disgrid how fast?
You know you all make my weekend
with your props and your cheating
on Sunday night.
Oh, you're all right, is this?
We love the sexy things we do when
and that's where we're all tuning in
till the soprano comes.
B.
Oh, protect yourself against bird flu.
Don't smoke.
See that?
No, what?
And stay away from the birds.
Don't smoke what?
Faggot.
I'm safe.
Here's the guy I want to paraphrase the line used by our
close person, a bald-headed chicken ex-friend,
Bokobrine.
Your vice president, he's the man who put the con
in Neocon.
It's kind of cute.
Kind of like putting the fun in fundamentalist.
Or why do you think they call it Goober-Natorial?
There's just so many of those.
And then what was the one that K.J. came up with?
K.C. and K.J.
The tampon line?
The tampon line about only have one string
and they always, what was it?
Only good for one period.
No good for one period.
They only have half-no seconds.
They have no second string.
Very good.
Nice call on K.J.
This quit using your daughter as a prop.
Vice president Dick Cheney was second by protest
yesterday.
He spoke at the ground breaking for public policy center
honoring former senator, Majority Leader Howard Baker.
During Cheney's brief remarks about a half-and-a-half
of those people protesting the war in her backyard.
War!
What is it good for?
Kind of like Ella, Edwin Starr, I guess,
and held up a large banner saying,
peace now.
I could play Edwin Starr, but I'm not going to.
Cheney continues to begin to acknowledge the protestors
who were escorted from the ceremony
inside the University of Tennessee's basketball arena.
This is a Knoxville, Tennessee.
In Knoxville, full.
About 50 protests.
Okay.
He's dead by the way.
About 50 protests is most of them appearing to be college-aged,
demonstrate outside the arena.
Several signs they were carrying include a one-and-a-red
honor Baker and Pete Cheney to which we say,
Cheney said that Baker, a Republican with president Reagan,
she pissed down, had invested in Japan as a proctorantist
credit to the University of Tennessee in the nation.
It's good to know that far into the future people come to this
place and learn of Howard's career and is deeply
from the nobility of public service Cheney said.
About 400 people attended which coincided with the Baker's
Navy of Thursday, Yadi-Yadi.
Baker is still remembered for posting a key question
during the 1973 Watergate hearings that rocked the Nixon White House.
What did the president know and when did he know it?
In fact, we could use a man like that right now.
Can we?
Yeah, we could.
Several as a matter of fact.
Yes, we could use a man like Howard Baker right now.
Maybe Howard Dean or maybe Howard D.
Yeah, not that one.
He's not on today by the way we got courtesy too,
so the coast is clear.
How we doing on that BG's poll?
I think we got almost 700 votes.
It's only 1130.
Boy, this is really, this is somehow how do you do in it?
692 votes on my, I just changed against.
692.
That what you got?
That's what I got.
Great computer's worker like.
If I could just to get back to the top of this.
Your all-time favorite BG song is The BG Suck,
139 but that's 20%.
Oh, just a tenth of a point to get 120%.
I would squeeze both kneescap and kneescap.
When you?
Well, my own.
Wow.
139.
Stayin' alive, 92.
That was Josh's.
Well, that's probably the only one Josh knows the title of.
Well, titles, yeah.
I mean, I've heard.
How deep is your love 49?
Night's on Broadway.
What is that?
Is that top liver, night's on Broadway?
What's wrong with that?
I'm not trying to, you know, influence your vote.
What is wrong with Night's on Broadway?
That's not good.
That's not good.
God is a great man.
That's not good.
That's not good.
That's not good.
Got that.
Any duty, man.
Night's on sandwich.
Maybe some of you can do it.
What are you battling about?
Nothing.
How do you battle?
How deep is your love 49?
Night's on Broadway.
It is moving up to 44.
I'm pleased to see that.
Lonely Days 40.
I haven't played that, have I?
No, lonely days.
And, huh?
No, you have not.
Oh, good.
I know it.
Okay, this starts out real low.
You hear that?
I hear it.
Forty for lonely days.
I almost voted for this.
Jack talking 34.
More than a woman 29.
How can you make a broken...
The Lord's morning, this is sunshine.
Heart 29.
You bright and lovely day.
Come, sit beside me in your way.
I see you every morning
Outside the rest of the world.
The music raised
So much of the light.
I'm with this.
I'm lonely nights.
I don't know.
Okay, John, 41 for lonely days.
Jack talking 34.
More than a woman 29.
How can you make a broken part 29?
I started at joke 25.
You should be dancing 24.
Tragedy 23.
Night fever 22.
Who are the beans you use 20?
20 punks.
20 misfits.
20 rejects from the human race.
Got to get a message to you 19.
Love somebody 19.
Message uses 14.
Islands in the stream 12.
I haven't played that heavy.
I will.
Just a little bit.
I want to get you a song.
If I can't have you 11.
Words 9.
New York Mining Disaster 9.
Emotion 5.
Love so right for heartbreaker 4.
One has got four.
Too much heaven for holiday 3.
Fanny, be tender with my love 2.
You with my colon with my twisted bowel.
Two votes for that.
You win again 2 and mortality 1.
I'm not a non-forrandomy or world.
I bet you have had refreshes again.
We have 700 votes on it.
We have 6.97.
702.
All in moly rat man.
That is heavy heavy duty.
Speak of heavy duty will so to be banned in date county public schools.
That's what channel 4 is worried about.
CBS 4 would picture above Ryan or StarCross.
And these other people on there which I have no idea who any of more.
That's a one thing.
Every time I come back to town you turn on local channels.
And it's like a separate white four-laughter and a cross-eyed christy cougar on channel 4.
And everybody's different.
Even Bob Soap are they stuck in a retirement right?
He's done.
Yeah.
Bob Weaver of course long since they put Bob on mock balls.
Although I think a little Bob mayor is still on early in the morning city on 4 on a high chair and 4 telephone books.
I'm the yellow pages of course.
Before I attend they sure have a big turn over kind of like the QM sales department.
Students in date public schools might want to get used to drinking water, juice or milk on campus.
See this is what really makes me so angry.
Juice, juice my ass.
Go get the hose.
Yeah go get the juicey man with a big juicer.
He's got to go get the jackal lane.
He's got a good one and a juicer too.
Juice is like injecting pure sugar.
How about some diet soda would be fine.
And this crap about people that say, oh I don't like diet soda.
It doesn't taste the same.
It doesn't taste like sickening sweet sugar.
It's all in their head anyway.
And once you've been drinking it for a while you can't go back to drinking sugar loaded for a while.
So does because it makes you want to puke your guts out.
It's too sweet.
It took me like two days of diet soda before I could not go back to the age.
Right.
That's like used to tell freaky carlers there at the front desk.
It's okay to be a little bit sweet but too sweet.
Well, well, I don't know if anybody able to confuse that thing with being sweet.
No.
Talk about the old sweet.
But I invented sweet and sour.
We know which part he was.
Anyway, the soda ban.
Let's see.
Today the day school board is considering a ban of soda sales on campus.
It's part of a new nutrition policy.
Oh yeah.
Feed him all that damn fruit juice man.
Oh god send their blood sugar skyrocketing.
The soda ban was filled in February isn't especially apple juice.
Anybody that's out there drinking apple juice you need mental help.
The soda ban we all know I do like a good apple especially cold from the refrigerator.
Yeah.
Apple is good.
Yeah.
It's sickly.
It's a line from Fatsome.
I mean, these apples I like cold.
That's right.
Remember?
Yeah.
The soda ban was filled in February is not part of a more comprehensive health package.
I would expand physical education.
We evaluate health classes.
And limited portions on sweets and snacks sold at school.
The portion rules were essentially banned king sized bags of chips.
Oversized cookies and other jumbo snacks.
The cookie monster is pretty peered about this.
Look at that.
They took a poll on CNN USA and Gallup has the US tortured prisoners.
74% yes 20% no.
Should the US tortures suspected terrorists 38% yes 56% said no.
Another black eye on this.
Abougar.
A bunch of early things.
Many acts.
Those people that vote yes.
Yeah, they should be tortured.
We're going to work on that.
In fact, we're going to play a tragedy all day long just not over that.
Oh, that would be torture.
Now, if approved the policy would allow only water or unsweetened fruit juice as if it
makes a difference.
Milk and electrolyte replacement drinks like gate array to be sold in cafeterias and vending machines.
Gate arrayed.
I would be surprised if it's antifreeze.
One concern that the rebel soda ban in February is the money collected by teams and clubs under
lucrative soda machine contracts.
Crews proposal promises to be embarrassed these groups for an estimated $3 million loss.
Possibly by negotiating new exclusivity contracts.
The LA district recently signed a $26 million contract with Pepsi to stock.
Gatorade juice and water.
What's the big service with gatorade tastes like crap.
With all due respect, interact has in this case in neighborhood anyway.
Gatorade tastes like crap.
Have you ever tried gatorade?
Yeah, I'm going to ambivalent about it.
No, I'm more than ambivalent.
They got the green and the orange.
Yeah, I don't taste bad.
I don't buy it.
We're going to have a little problem.
All of the amount of business.
What was that stuff we had?
I can't remember.
That was okay.
But I had that same kind of like salty.
Yeah, bad.
That's good.
But it is nice and fluorescent to be on like Christmas.
I'm on with crazy glue and you're smearing all over your body.
Right.
If you want to pour in no personality.
This is Neil Rogers.
Rocks always is by 16 to 8.
Sing program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Tonight on Discovery Hell, a probing look at sports radio phenomenon,
Geldie Goldstein.
How do you explain the nickname of Geldie?
It's Joette the Geldie.
Oh, you mean?
I'm a post-op.
I see.
Yeah, I got shot.
She rarefooted Geldie's delicate operation.
Don't cut me!
Don't cut me!
How is it possible for someone who sounds like you
can actually find work as a radio announcer?
Let me tell you something, Charlie.
When it comes to sports, I know what you do.
On the field?
No, under the desk.
I mean, you got it.
You're voice.
I think I got a nice voice.
Love, love, love, love.
Voice says that.
Don't belong on the radio.
Part of a week long series, beginning tonight, only on the Discovery Channel.
I sound pretty and giddy and damn.
Absolutely.
147, 13th of New York.
Thank you, and Curtis for the Moa, Moe Master, too.
We got Eddie K. for the Mad Dog at 4.
What do we answer that happening again?
And then that hurricane stuff and the landing marches at 10 to 9.
That'll be a real hoot.
We got over 700 votes already.
In fact, we're going to have a phenomenal turnout today for the Bee Gees.
And 19.5% say the Bee Gees stuff.
We got 120%.
I never dreamed that could happen.
Would this highly negative crowds?
Well, we finally got the songs on there they like.
Maybe I'll be fine.
Is that what it is?
In Life James Duan.
Is that how he says name Duan?
Who was the Star Trek Engineer?
Oh, Work Miracles on Enterprise.
Duan.
How you doing?
What's Duan?
But a rocket meant to blast his remains into space has engine trouble.
Oh, boy.
A Falcon 1 rocket was to lift the ashes of Duan, who planned to engineer my Montgomery Scotty Scott aboard the fictional Starship Enterprise into space next month.
The launch has been delayed at least until February.
They had an engine tested and lights so they'll do another month of testing.
Charles Chafer of Space Services Incorporated Delay of Pete Charles Chafer.
Unlike Scottie who told Captain James T. Kirk and his Scottish accent, she'll launch on time and she'll be a ready.
The US Department of Defense Engineers involved with the rocket mission needed more time to sort out engine problems here for said.
The Explorer's flight launch in California was to follow the launch of an identical rocket this month in the Marshall Islands.
I never heard of the Marshall Islands of you.
Of course.
I never knew.
Big World War II, uh, is that named after Peter Marshall?
I'm sure.
Concerned about an engine on the rocket and it might just forgot.
In the Marshall Islands prompted the additional testing throwing off the schedule for the originally planned California launch in December.
We want to fly Chafer said that this look of the opportunity accepts an additional participants for the ride.
The Explorer's flight was already built by space services and the largest ever more more real space flight with 168 participants who made countries abroad.
Doing who died in July, if you need to be five and asked that his ashes be launched in the frontier following his final death.
Canadian born Canadian born, my boy.
I do and play an engineer Montgomery Scott, the original Star Trek TV series that started in 66 and spotted decades long called following the show of people absolutely no.
I have no life.
Life.
19.4% hate to be Jesus.
But we're really doing it.
And of course, that's because you chased them all away in the old.
You're going to be really sorry someday.
They'll be back and they didn't go anywhere.
You're right. They're loving it.
Sorry I talked you into this.
They like every one of these songs.
I'm deaf talking to anyone.
Hey, deaf.
You're fair.
Not.
I can think of younger days when living for my life was everything a man could want to do.
I could never cease to follow.
I was never told about the stars.
And how can you mend the broken glass?
I'm happy to stop the rain from falling down.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die, from being able to make you do.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir?
Good morning.
How are you, sir?
Great.
Just wanted to ask you a question.
I know you've talked about a new Turgena product that's
for like, when you have like flakes on your eyebrows.
Right.
What's it called?
It's called Neutrogena Body Emulsion.
Body Emulsion?
Amulsion, not emotions.
No, get emotional, not emotion.
Emulsion.
And I'm kind of,
it's like a miracle.
A guarantee I'll bet your Georgia's life on it.
If it isn't with the best product
you ever used,
Send it back to Ron Popeel. It's just great.
Is it like a liquid or a...
No, it's like a lotion. It puts the lotion on your forehead.
Okay, can I get it like a wall green or something?
Yeah.
Anywhere. It comes with a pump bottle and just a pump it.
Oh, okay, great.
Emulsion rhymes with emotion.
Right.
Also, I'm a BG fan.
The song I started at Job.
I like that song.
Do you have any idea what that song is about?
Job?
I don't think so much.
BG is not...
Don't put on your thinking cap.
Go get your RR No2D and calm down.
What's it about?
What's it all about, Alfie?
I haven't got any idea.
I started a joke.
I started the whole world crying.
But I didn't see.
Actually, a lot of their songs were about, you know, a little something, something.
But what was the song that they did after Andy Gibb got?
Did it attribute something to him?
What's the name of that?
That's...
Huh?
Oh, I don't know.
Is that what it was?
Yeah.
How do you spell that?
All A's.
Yeah, that new to Gina Boy.
That stuff is like a miracle.
It's a little smear in it.
And it's just fantastic.
It's like, it's like you're a different person.
Must have some secret ingredient.
It must have...
Secret Chinese, ancient Chinese secret.
By the way, the Chinese are going to grab those 14 billion birds.
And with a billion people in China, it's only 14 per person.
Even a little impure.
They're going to grab 14 birds.
They're going to stick them.
Right.
They're going to give a little injection.
And everybody will be safe.
Anybody believe in that?
Oh.
Now, how many votes are we going to have, like, almost 800 by the top of the star?
That would be...
That would be revolutionary.
748, like I said, by a sub-war then 750 by the top by noon.
A shoe in for a thousand a day.
As much as we got 19.3% of the audience hates the BG's like poison, 19.5%.
Hate them.
They despise them.
And they're getting pretty pissed off at us now too.
Me especially.
WCYM Hello.
Neil, I got to tell you.
I really love the BG's.
Group with the BG's.
Totally awesome.
But I don't know how you could say to grateful dead never had any hits.
Well, maybe a few.
I was at a dead show and there was 10,000 hits.
The orange sunshine floating around.
Better here.
Okay.
Here's a point.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
The grateful dead and boy are we ever.
That was one of the happiest days of my life when he bit the dust.
Man.
But nevertheless, I still like Ben and Jerry's and I still like fish food.
I'm not that much, so I totally do the day and I'm, that's the truth.
I'm all Ben and Jerry's.
And this week I'm all fogin' dies.
It's already Wednesday, no hoggin' dies.
And of course there won't be any today because I have to make a mad dash to woodbine at 2 o'clock.
Don't have to, but I will.
It's my Wednesday diet.
I see.
Well what?
What's wrong with that?
I had my bacon this morning and I won't have any, I'm more to eat all day until I get home
tonight, whatever it may be, maybe like a brat or something like that and then the
beddie-bye.
Not great.
So I go every day and be broken about two months but boy, that would be like a caring
carbonyl.
Speaking of, speaking of bad health, Castro has got Parkinson's disease, poor the CIA.
The CIA has alerted policy makers over the potential eroding of a Fidel Castro's health.
Why don't I have to, I don't understand.
What does that mean?
They're warning policy makers?
Yeah, be careful.
The CIA recently concluded that Cuba leader for that Castro suffers from Parkinson's and
is warned, U.S. policy makers to be ready for trouble.
If the 79-year-old ruler is healthy, erodes over the next two years, be ready for trouble.
If true, the CIA's assessment of the non-fidel but debilitating condition would mean, Castro
may be entering a period where doctors save the symptoms, grow more evident, medicines
are less effective, and mental functions start to deteriorate.
He's going to start going, blah, blah, blah, blah.
My NS-Panyolo.
Although Castro is better than Raul, head of the Armed Forces has been anointed as his
of the processor, Cuba analysts fear the possibility of a tumultuous period during which an incapacitated
Castro refuses to give up power, but can no longer protect his overpower and personality
Cuba's love of million people.
Maybe like a revolution sounds good.
So let's play all beaver's music.
Let's play revolution, what do you say?
Alright?
Not.
By the way, I got a story about what's his name, Mark David Chapin who killed John Lennon
and he said, if I had to do it again, I'd do it.
He just, there's no stopping him.
So there's no stopping me now.
I wonder which song it was that put him over the edge.
And this is Neil Rogers.
This is 5162.8.
Hello, how are you doing?
And this portion of the Neil Rogers, and 12-thousand-hour is brought to you by the lead-in-tweld.
What do we book by tip-to-eight, like 12-thousand-tweld?
It's a lychee of pizza, all for me.
It's air.
You might not be a movie star, but now you can name your
your child is if you were with the celebrity baby name generator.
Cool!
How does the celebrity baby name generator work?
It's so easy.
First, enter where your baby was conceived.
Water, man.
I think they mean city.
Nice.
Punch in the name of your favorite dead rock star.
This is so exciting.
Finally, hit the F button to add the patented flaky fame factor to give your baby a name
that will haunt him for the rest of his life.
Okay, you're good.
Albuquerque moon, come quad.
I love that name.
Is that great, honey?
I guess I can teach him how to box.
It's the gift that keeps on humiliating.
The celebrity baby name generator.
Manufacturers are not responsible for your child grow up to be sent.
You can develop a heroin, have it for worse, become an actor.
Provo 2 at 560 W2M, the Marshall Islands, all of a sudden it came back.
That can't make it.
Marshall fall.
I did the disem role.
I did the multi-conference and the yalta conference and the yalta conference.
All of these things.
Yes.
That we learned in school, boy.
You get to be really anxious like me.
You forget all the stuff you learned in school and you become really like, we're like,
that's what people like to weigh in symmetry of village.
They used to be really nice people about 100 years ago.
The man who murdered John Lennon 25 years ago says nothing that has stopped his twisted
quest to track down an assassin at the ex-Beatle.
That's what that Sullivan used to call them, the Beatles.
Remember Ed Solomon?
I do.
I was under total compulsion, Killer Mark David Chapman says in this segment to be aired
at 8 o'clock.
Let's see.
Oh, this Friday on Dateline NBC.
This Friday.
Not exciting.
You're going to be sure and catch that.
Oh, George is going to be watching Pinto over the weekend, but then he's on vacation
all next week.
I mean, suspended.
So I'll have to wait until the next week to find out.
And when they get to that line where they're in the kitchen, he says, what do you think
it?
What are your thoughts about dessert?
I'll isolate that.
Yeah.
This is at the point when she's starting to get really antsy and wonder where to have
her boyfriend is and they're starting to get really suspicious about what pin they may
have done.
Anyway, you'll see it.
All right.
It was like a train.
A runaway train.
There was no stopping it said, Mark Chapman about his killing John Lennon.
Chapman Fadley shot Lennon December 8, 1980.
As a musician and his grotesque wife, Yoko Ono, returned home from her night in Manhattan
Recording Studio.
Chapman's comments came from audio tapes made in 1991 and 1992.
And first uses part of a British documentary.
Chapman recalled waiting for Lennon that night.
Then reacting as he saw a limousine pull up outside the espitals home.
I heard a voice in my head saying, do it.
Do it.
Chapman recounted.
And as he passed me, I pulled out the gun aimed at his back and pulled the trigger five
times as a session.
Chapman recalled that his desire to kill and begin one day in his apartment in Hawaii,
where he was sitting on the floor and looking at the Beatles, Sergeant Pepper's lonely
hearts club band album.
Now I've been getting to understand.
His animosity soon began to consume Chapman.
There was a successful man who had the kind of the world on a chain so to speak.
And there I was, not even a link of that change, just a person who had no personality, Chapman
said, and something in me just broke.
I don't know if I was sitting in the apartment in Hawaii, I think, no matter how, I had
50 said or whatever, I'd be pretty happy about it, right?
Chapman 50 is eligible for parole again next year.
No way.
Yoko Ono is repeatedly argued against Chapman's release.
And his vids for freedom were already rejected three times by the state parole board.
This brings about his eligible for parole again.
What kind of a bunch of crap is that?
Just like Charles Manson.
What a bunch of garbage.
But nevertheless, that's your legal system in America.
He did number one.
He didn't have a skill number two.
He probably didn't have any pot on him.
So let him went and doubt let him out.
How's that kid that they killed?
A 23 year old kid that they killed because he had a skill?
Well, you mean the drug dealer of dangerous drugs is a dad in an hour's say seven 77 seven 170.
You know, seven votes.
That's a nice total all time favorite BG song.
The BG suck 151 19.4%.
We got that well under 20% now.
We drove those people far away.
Good.
Good.
Your mama.
So is socks and hell.
Stay in alive.
106.
How deep is your glove?
58.
Lights on Broadway 48 moving into a respectable third place.
Lonely days 45.
Drive talking 38 more than a woman 33.
How can you mend a broken heart 33?
You should be dancing 27.
I started a joke 27.
Wonder what that joke was?
Tragedy 25.
Night fever 25.
Who are the BG's 24 idiots?
24 people I know nothing about the world.
To love somebody 22, I've got to get a message to you 21 islands in the stream 14.
I haven't played that have I?
Oh, I better not allow that guy.
It's your great outfit.
Massachusetts 14.
If I can't have you 12 near my exact 12.
Word is 9.
Emotions 7.
Two much 7.
Six five.
Love so right for heart breaker 4.
One for holiday 4.
Fanny be 10 or my love 2.
You would again 2 and immortality 1.
Baby when I met you there was peace on the moon I said I'd take you in a fight to go.
I was stuck inside but I was something called a problem.
Of course I had to play the other version just making worse.
You do something to me like a mix playing.
Because I'm playing every beat of my own hands.
Please, I'm something called a problem.
Get it, get it, get it.
Love is mine.
Eric wires his dedication.
All this love means peace.
People go this station we ride.
Love is mine.
Okay, it's enough.
Yeah, the beaties wrote almost all their own music and wrote some songs.
That other people they said, oh, here you record it and have a good make some money.
And I said, okay, no problem.
Kenny Rogers and Dali Parking with those big boobies baby.
Ireland's in the stream.
Now that was a big hit.
It's wrong with you, man.
I better get you that time-life series of the greatest hits of the 70s.
All right.
And it's greatest country hits.
Here's a fact that says the b-g's lived on North Bay Road in Miami Beach.
That is absolutely correct.
I thought they lived on Star Island.
Whatever.
Well, North Bay Road is not Star Island.
Maybe they lived on North Bay Road is where I used to work.
That's WKT territory, mister.
If you look right or south from the Jewish settled causeway just before arriving at Alton Road
is the best place to see the residents.
Only one of the homes had new construction of a multi-level building being built right now.
This is the grounds of the residents.
A small house is between the water and new construction.
This is the Paul Hauston studio where they recorded a large part of their songs.
The residence is approximately two acres.
It's an view of Mount Sinai Hospital.
That's the bad part.
Oh, poor Morris.
I photographed many events.
There's this photography person.
Say hi to Jody Blake the photo guy.
Hi Jody Blake the photo guy.
This time tax year, long time, et cetera.
How do you like that?
There's all the directions going there and say, oh, we sure like your music.
How's Andy doing?
56670560, Tom 560, Lee Verraz.
I never really considered Andy to give much of a singer.
He had a pretty face and all night out.
And his brother's wrote in some good songs to sing.
But yeah.
Like what?
Oh, look at how they call up his hits now.
Come on, let's play some Andy Gim.
What are you discriminatory what?
Shadow dancing.
I'm a guy.
Don't throw it all away.
Desire.
You get everything you love?
Yeah.
He sure sounded like a beat.
On account of that, you know, his brother's made the music.
What sounded like a music?
Oh, and it was Anne ever raising.
Worth it.
I'd be original.
Yeah.
And you've heard.
Look at them.
He had three number one hits.
I'll be damned.
I just want to be everything was number one for four weeks.
Love is ticket and water was number one for two.
And Shadow dancing was number one for seven long,
and he's been working on the street for the least in 1978.
Good thing some new people weren't born there, man.
I'm so long.
And then, I feel like I'm just looking.
Yeah.
Although I like it.
5'6'7", 5'60".
That's enough with Andy Gim.
Okay, why did...
How do we get him in there?
Well, just out of sympathy, I guess.
Huh?
Because he's a beaky.
No, he's not.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
F.U. George.
It turns on I.P.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, what?
Yeah, but there was no extra charge.
He says he gave him some kind of a present.
He says it hurts my face.
5'6'7", 05'60".
Pound 5'60".
And he arrives in singular right-assign.
That's what a little Julio group there.
That's the very long time right now.
They're sitting around in a big circle in the living room.
With a radio on the floor in the middle of the room.
Well, one of them is on the floor.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
P.
They left out one of the greatest efforts run to me by the beaky.
I did.
I left out one to me.
Hmm.
He's on the pole.
It's not a pole.
Doesn't have any votes.
Huh.
Don't play me for it.
It's not a habit.
It must not have been a fake thing.
I can't say you.
It's not a fault in you.
But I like this song.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
It's not a mistake.
I said, boy, I'll tell you one thing.
This isn't going to sit well in a great way.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right.
He's right and out.
It's a great song, bro.
That's Josh's back.
Because we missed that.
We were going to put it on there.
But Josh forgot all about it.
I also have another question.
When can we expect the Frankie Lyman Paul?
Come on, man.
We're going to play there.
We told Josh, put your love, love you inside now.
We told Josh, put your love, love you inside now.
Racco.
Baby, I can't feel it out.
Don't just sense this.
I can't feel it out.
I can't feel it out.
Baby, now you're cheating.
I can see why I left it off.
But any rate that it's supposed to be under.
And Josh and Shrew is on top of that right now, aren't you?
Oh, I already have done it.
There you go.
And we haven't played this yet.
No, we have not.
But we talked about it.
I play, I said something about Yvonne Elman.
That means I must have played this.
Did I play it?
No, it's not.
This is their version.
It's not the Yvonne.
It's okay.
I can live without it.
I don't know.
I can live without it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I like that I can't speak between Yvonne, but I can live without it.
You see, now, Barry, you have second at falsetto.
And he could get away with it because nobody questioned his masculinity.
He was a really manly guy.
And real ladies man.
But when Frankie Valley sang the falsetto with the four seasons,
I think we'll do the four seasons tomorrow.
Not just a joke, but all the way there.
And it had a lot of great records though.
Yeah, they did.
But when Frankie Valley did the falsetto, I think it kind of like people were saying
You're fair like that.
You know, I might be wrong.
But, Terry, you've been trying to share it.
Right.
That's true.
Don't be cutting four seasons on top of this.
This is Cream on the Dural Man.
This is Heavy Heavy Beauty.
Press it.
There's always something behind it.
When I, anything before,
It's really pretty beautiful.
Nice, which is something famous about...
This is Neuroger.
This is 516 QAX.
Back to Canada you do bastard.
Girl's Gone Wild is the video that shows real girls
fleshing their goods during spring break weekend Florida.
What about the hotties who spend the whole year in Florida?
Now thank god their own video.
It's called in girls Gone Wild!
Who's here?
Why it's all your favorite golden girls?
Door the rose, blitz, and they always did a gift Sophia.
I sure if they think what was under that trap.
Well you won't have to think because golden girls Gone Wild is two full hours of these
ravenous retirees showing loads of rakeless games.
I am the most attractive and available woman in all of my am.
Golden girls Gone Wild!
These hotties with hot flashes are going topless every chance they get.
Except when they're already slayers.
I'm gonna be able to open my blouse again.
It doesn't give any sexier than this.
But they'll take our word for it.
Listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other.
Should have picked up a golden girl Gone Wild!
Watch it just one time and you'll agree!
Dark day in the history of mankind.
Golden girls Gone Wild!
Come out!
Call 32 or 560 to call out before they expire and they offer two.
US forces use chemical weapon in Iraq.
Oh no.
The Pentagon's admitted US forces use white phosphorus as an incendiary weapon
during the assault on Fallujah last year.
A Pentagon's post and comments last night appeared to comfort if the US ambassador
London said that American forces did not use white phosphorus as a weapon.
Pentagon spokesman Lieutenant Colonel very venable.
Oh God, I wonder if he's related to Floyd Venable Jr.
Lieutenant Colonel very venable said that white phosphorus, which is normally used to lay smoke screens,
was not covered by international conventions on chemical weapons.
But Professor Paul Rogers, the University of Banter Department of Peace Studies,
said it probably would form the category of chemical weapons if it was used directly against peoples.
A recent documentary by the Italian State Broadcaster Rai claimed that a raki subit, including women and children,
had died of burns caused by white phosphorus during the assault on Fallujah.
See, that's what happens when you get those pinnacle as innocent bystanders.
What do they call that?
That collateral damage?
Oh yeah, that pesky collateral damage.
Right.
The report has been strenuously denied by the US.
However, Colonel Venable disclosed that it had been used in dislodged enemy fighters from the entrenched positions in the city.
White phosphorus is a conventional munition.
It is not a chemical weapon.
They aren't law-lawed or illegally said on the BBC Radio 4 PM Programme.
We used them primarily as obscurance for smoke screens or target marking in some cases.
However, it is an incendiary weapon maybe used against enemy combatants.
As directly, if it was used in the offensive weapon during the siege of Halujan, he replied,
yes, it was used as an incendiary weapon against enemy combatants.
But he liked that.
US forces participating in Operation Raki Freedom continued to use appropriate lawful conventional weapons against legitimate targets, he said.
Paul Rodger said that white phosphorus would be considered a chemical weapon under international conventions if it was deliberately aimed at people to have a chemical effect.
It is not counted under the chemical weapons convention it's normal use, but although it's a matter of legal niceties,
it probably does fall into the category of chemical weapons if it is used for this kind of purpose directly against people.
How do you like that?
The shadow for insecretary Liam Fox said on BBC Radio 4 Programme clearly that it needs to be more open as coming from the Pentagon,
but the claims at the moment are just claims.
And I think that although white phosphorus is a brutal weapon, we need to remember that we're talking about some pretty brutal insurgents.
Very easy.
They hit us, we hit him back.
They didn't hit us today.
And while I forgot about that, yeah, they shouldn't have attacked us.
That's right, 9-11.
F.J. in Chicago says, two things.
I never heard a Kevin Tudot until listening to your show yesterday.
Sure enough, oh thank God, you see I'm a waking America.
I'm saving you people a lot of money.
I'm preventing you from getting conned by the worst con artist in the world.
Sure enough, the NBC affiliate here in Chicago ran an interview with him last night.
They pretty much ripped him another ass pointing out his prick and record and fines.
His six carried diamond and platinum ring was also shown and mentioned.
Tudot City was going to send supporting material for some of his cure claims,
but as the reporter said, it was never received.
And that's because there are no cures and it's all a bunch of BS.
He's not a cure for every disease for hanging the L bad breath.
You name it.
Cancer TV, TV TV's, every on flu, diseases that haven't even been invented yet.
He's got a cure for the vapors.
Oh, that definitely.
In the early 70s, my college roommates as F.J. after ending a tour,
I left a fair with a Persian woman, continually played the BG's O.D.S. album.
And speaking about Christians, how about every Christian Lion-Hearted Man will show you for the pull.
What?
Never heard it.
Every Christian Lion-Hearted Man will show you what?
Right.
Well, we don't want to see that.
Hey, no, no, no, no.
Do we know that song?
I'm not by that name.
Every Christian Lion-Hearted Man will show you.
Look what Kevin, too.
This scene, Kevin, you know, once look what it's done to four F.A. and Chicago.
Put over the edge.
He's probably standing on the ledge.
Good, ready to jump.
Don't do it, Pally.
Don't do it.
Or forget about it.
Go ahead.
That's unbelievable.
What is it?
Every Christian Lion-Hearted Man will show you his goods.
I don't give it.
Never heard it.
844 votes on here.
How is, I'm going to play the whole thing.
That may taste half the audio.
All the audio.
So I don't care.
That's on Broadway, a little later on.
I'm going to be in advance of the morning right now.
See, most probably happy that he's off today because he'll be, you know, he'll be blaming us.
The show that precedes me played a lot of music today.
And music that our audience doesn't like.
And since when are we in music state, you know, like that.
And then we blame in us for the fact that he had no tune in.
As opposed to like Curtis or two, who number one probably don't give a crap about the BG's.
But number two likes the show.
Well, we could talk sports for the last hour.
No.
No, no thanks.
How about those panthers?
Oh my god, I can't believe it.
Saku Koibu, what a sack of crap that was, man.
Four seconds left at overtime.
And by the bing, it's in the net.
That was kind of a strange, you took a second whack at it.
And that was kind of a strange set of events there.
Let's turn on Leafs lunch.
Brian, as a shirt.
Oh, look, it was down these slides with the waters.
Doug McLean, your buddy.
Thank you, sir.
Feeling very good.
I think he said a little rusty.
Oh, there you go.
Rusty Clustlaw.
I'll take him any day of the week.
David Viborny.
Now let me ask you, Doug McLean, there's a guy.
Did you call him yet?
Did you get Don Sherry on a phone?
How about Ron McLean?
You got him all lined up now.
The rumor show?
Right.
Oh.
I still like you.
I honestly do break into cold sweats when I think about the fact that I got lulled into doing that.
I must have been the dumbest person on the face of the earth, you know what?
Absolutely.
It was a pretty surreal experience, actually, looking at what it was.
And of course, there was great cost.
Can we have some tickets?
Can we get some hockey tickets?
WNQAM, hello.
Yes, is this Neil?
Yes.
I just turned to Radio One before I caught on a pole.
It sounded like you said the New York Mining disaster as one entry and got to get a message to you, another entry.
Yeah, that's two different songs, that's correct.
Isn't that the same song?
No.
I thought it got to get a message to you with the lyric out of the New York Mining disaster.
Well, let's listen to both of them a little bit and then we'll find out.
Okay, there's two different songs.
You ever hear that before, it's the same song?
No.
Yeah.
The creatures on to me and you smile.
You have them listed separately on your...
How about your partner?
You have them listed separately on your collection there that you just bought?
You're WDisk?
What do you mean by that?
Like, are they two different songs?
Yeah.
Now he's got me thinking, alright.
This is a...
This is a...
This is a...
This is a...
Audio-demonstration here and here is the usual bowting a whole...
Audio.
You ain't got it down.
There's no time for the work.
I just got it again.
That's it to you.
Oh.
Okay, no.
I'm trying to get a message to you to end the risk.
Sorry.
You got the key from the sound of the same.
I don't know.
It's a different song.
Totally different.
See, that guy was thinking that because when you're stuck in a mind, you've got to get
a message to somebody.
Well, it is part of the lyric.
Is there anybody on the outside?
I just wanted to grab the song one that I knew.
Let it force the utility.
That's a different story.
I was just sound like I got to get a message to you now.
Oh.
See, there you go.
Hey, if you want to get a message to anybody because he's stuck in here and somewhere in
Pennsylvania in a cool mind or whatever the hell it is, who the hell knows?
The other wife, you know.
Well, thank God for that.
What's the message to her?
Well, I assure you I had a lot of offspring.
offspring and grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
They had some fine-looking kids, the ABG's.
I'll say that right now.
I'll be right back.
I'll tell you.
Watch that biography and you'll like everybody will say, wow.
What the hell is that?
Maybe Andy gave me to meet all the babies.
I guess Barry in his younger days, he looked a lot like Andy.
That's what he said.
I would imagine.
I think that was swishful thinking myself.
856 votes.
Well, he pushed out of 900 by the top of the hour and we'll ease into that 1000 or just said,
we're taking all of us the rest of the week on.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 am.
Spirit Housewives comes a show about what happens when people switch sides.
I have a confession.
I've been sleeping with a gardener.
I had a feeling about him when he told me he didn't do bush.
It's Desprit's domestic partner.
Who could that be?
Yo, it's 80 and a half-pants and a low-cut top and those shoes.
She needs to go on what not to wear.
She got that right this there.
Toonion, you know you're a little cute.
Desprit's a Mr. Carter.
She's a value-er.
Only on DBC.
Street where I grew up was in all that grace.
All the moms were kind of fat.
I know they're lost. That was that.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
 Aquas.
It's great in the sunshine state.
It's great in the sunshine state.
Hardly the conversation all they crap that I got from these two guys about wow, you know
Using a regular a disposable razor, you know when you have a permanent thing like this
Well first of all there weighs about a half a pound that's number one, but I can handle that
Even an old queen like me can have and secondly sex exercise the the blades
You know it's one of those deals where you clip out the you hit a button and it drops off the blade
Yeah, and then you hook kind of a new one in that little four pack, okay?
Well the only problem with it is that the blades are expensive as hell
I don't know that I can't afford the you know the pressure there
But why should the blades be more expensive? Well, what's the big man?
There's nothing magical about those the the magic is in the razor with the the little vibrator in there
Maybe they need special blades to vibrate especially well, they are different blades. I'll see that yeah
It's still a mock three three razor. Oh, well, excuse me. Okay, Mr. Mason
Now I know I use the brawn. It's a one-time purchase
That's why schlepper like him ain't using the mock three a rotor a power power more. Yeah, you're getting warmer
Well, I go to other other people's garbage and use their used razors
No, thank you. No because these like this morning. I share though. What what is this? I had a finished a job off with one my other
You know old-fashioned disposable
Shabers there was sitting around because I got even now like an of course that just drives me crazy
I don't know if that couldn't be the only person in the world a lot of women probably get upset too
They hair like any upper lip on the corners there. Yeah, that just seems to be a spot where if you if you don't really do a fabulous job
Shaving and just annoys you, you know what your nose is always getting the way things because you can reach out with your tongue and
You know feel it by the way or two
F. J. in Chicago facts as again, it says that that song every Christian line-hearted man will show you yeah
was from their first album in 1967
Well, it wasn't a hit it wasn't a single it's not on any of the albums. I so I don't got it
Sorry about that pali F. J. So F you
Palm Beach County Commissioner Bert Arenson has come up with an alternative for F. P. and L
Florida plunder route customers who went without power after Hurricane Wilma see this is I'm gonna read this
But again, I'm not endorsing this and I think it's really kind of stupid if you ask me Bert
He says pay FPL what you think you owe not what it says you owe and I'm sure that he's not gonna help get your power back
I want to shut it off right that's what Arenson who spent five or six days with a lot of electricity after Wilma said
He plans to do when he gets his electric bill if they think they're way out of whack
I think it's very told tell a Palm Beach County Commissioners Tuesday. I intend not to pay for it
Utility for obvious reasons. I think doesn't think much of Arenson's idea
We're not sure what the benefit is to the customer spokesman Michael Vilafonis said make-oh-micro
People need to pay for their electricity and a company spokesman Karen Vaseppo just the way they pay for groceries
They put their shopping carts the first post-war bills for many FPL customers will be estimates and not based on actual use
Vaseppo said the utility would use previous month's bill that month bill from the previous year and estimate of the number of days
The customer was without electricity for those who don't like the amount charged by FPL Arenson's approach is actually similar
He said he'd review his last four to six bills to determine an appropriate amount and send it in check for that amount
Along with the explanation the FPL doesn't endorse Arenson's approach
The little fantasy if it results in one underpayment it wouldn't result in an immediate disconnection not immediate
Maybe they take about a day
Despite Arenson's concerns the company representative said FPL's estimated bills wouldn't hurt customers in many cases
They'll be less than actually is they're gonna be a bargain anybody buying that I know they're gonna be a real bargain
They can't wait to like rape you again
FEMA and Broward clash over housing speaking of incompetent people the federal emergency management agency
FEMA says Broward County officials are at fault for the 270 people still living in an emergency shelter more than three weeks
After Wilma can crashing through
FEMA spokesman Ricardo Zuniga said on Tuesday that county officials haven't taken advantage of disaster relief fund to pay hotels and trailers for people at homeless
While they wait for federal temporary housing requests to be processed
He said date counties use the fund to pay for hotel rooms while Monroe County will be reimbursed for providing trailers to hurricane victims
Fing up pace for at least 75% of the cost with the state and counties splitting the rest he said
That's what their job is and people should be how the countable Zuniga said
We don't want to impose our solutions on folks and we keep being blamed were the big targets and rightfully so
County Commissioner Kristen Jacobs is determined Broward as mayor and to Tuesday said FEMA has repeatedly
We buff county proposals for emergency shelters
Uh-huh storm victims living at make nickel middle school and Hollywood must be out by the end of the week when the shelter closes
Is that named after Mickey make nickel do you think?
To say now with the last hour when we're rushing to find solutions that all we had to do is click our heels and we being Kansas
Is a bunch of bunk Jacob said never sell short to power the Bush administration to spin a story
But this is quite remarkable if we had those options why wouldn't we have pursued them?
County officials say they've offered a place those at make nickel middle school and everything from cruise ships to apartments
And maybe even enjoy your Georgia's place you got some room. Yeah, lots
Zuniga suggested that the county could have placed victims in hotels and questioned why officials didn't cancel conventions to make room
As if the $350 million in damage that the counties already sustained isn't enough
They want us to sustain economic damage. It can't like convection their convention Jacob said you're talking about people's job for Christ
He says you go girl
Damn it. So here's a few of my ass. No
Like poison which it would rock especially that brownie brown and that Mickey churroff. I've to hold my security man
He knows what?
That song
sample anyway
Never heard it. What is it called?
All good Christians must have gotten hell is that what it's called every good Christian must be fed to the line. Oh, I like that
That's beautiful like I said it's my favorite song. I hear that in Rome all the time when you just looking walking by the Colosseum
882 votes. We're gonna be virgin on 900 by the top of the orange rye says to me have no fear of thousands like
Forgon contusion virgin don't have to like push or pull especially the VG's done
All right play I think I played almost all huh? Yeah, not that every Christians lie in the heart it may have played
In mortality and I think I played a little bit of this. That's because we left it off in the beginning
And I still have no idea what this song is do you?
Oh, hello
Holy moly. I wasn't ready for that no
He's
See what I mean about yeah, Frankie Valley
Derek can get away with it, but Frankie people are saying you fair. Yeah, they're not the two
All of the four seasons were very good in their time even Josh knows some of the four season songs
right you
Like walk like a man like this one here. Yes, I just went walk like a ironic though
Walk like a real man like a baby, but but think like a girly bit. Yeah, walk like a man. Let's see like a girly boy
That's right like a
way
Well, that's a kind of play that would shame when this morning was a gay way
Figures yeah fingers they saw those remember inspection or what ladies
Why I tell you one thing this year we're reading a lot on the show how to shave how to take a shower
Which VG songs are good which VG songs were good with so much over the edge and kind of like yeah, yeah, that's
Eight hundred eighty three votes. You know, it's really funny because what is this?
right now
Greg this and Ronnie and would buy they got this like use acting when they play the hits of the
50s and 60s like this and
They must somebody must have put that music to the head of us for the success with the four seasons because
Ragdoll and Ronnie
Oldwood and oldwood and old
Yeah, they're pretty good to four seasons. Let's say the four seasons tomorrow not just a joke
It's just a joke here. You know you better watch it if you're gonna grab the whole audience later
If you keep by doing this it's a good thing you're on vacation next week George because you're telling me audience
Don't ever don't good. They're washing liquid
Don't get the anti-backed heroes by the way because Kevin Chudos is you're gonna rot in hell and burn if you do
Great the great thing in the summer's the drums remember the drums in this
Remember this yes
Like that. Oh 1257 already
Hey, but heads it's the one to do hour
You didn't
Yeah
Right
Back on the street took my time to my chances
When the distance down back on my feet just the man that it will to survive
It's the eye of the tiger the thrill of the fight rising up through the challenge of our rival
And the last non-survivor
Stocks is praying the night and it's fortune must always be I
Am
I haven't decided about that. Yeah, so one or two or five
Great. See. Huh? It was great. It is great. It's not the original. Oh
You have the original oh no, this is amazing man. We don't even have line and reverse here. We got eight ninety seven
Need to start talking sports. Yeah, let's start talking about the eyes of the tigers
It's okay. They're time since tigers or maybe the deep-froider tigers
That would be bad nobody wants you about the Detroit tiger they suck by the way the directors win a game yet. No, I don't think so
That's bad. I got a really hot story here about a cool FCC
This is good stuff from the Wall Street Ural no less
It's much too long for me to read though. I think I will anyway some of it whatever happened to the government crack down on bear
Breast and bad words they ask Amy shots
Staff important from the Wall Street Ural Marchist Amy shots the FCC left a record $7.9 million in
Decentcy related finds last year that's 2004 raising concerns among media companies that regulators are embracing a nanny-like
Approach to enforcing
Decentcy standards prevailing changes fall or among them the departure is shock shock Howard Stern to the FCC free world of satellite radio
Taking millions of advertising dollars with him the FCC has received more than 189,000 in decency complaints against radio and TV programs to the end of
September
But hasn't hit any fine zero zip but he do die the enacted as puzzling the FCC
Watchers who expected enforcement activity to ratchet up under Kevin Martin the new FCC chairman and not spoken supportive increasing in decency finds and holding
Broadcast is more accountable. It's high time they started doing something said Elbrent Bozile a totally crazy person
President of the obnoxious parent television council a watchdog group that encourages members to use its website to send complaints to the FCC
A bunch of real Ojan provocateur a poem
Mr. Bozile says he supports Mr. Martin believes the FCC will act soon
The group was one of several organizers complaining about Jaden Jackson's booby appearance at the Super Bowl that amount was largely responsible for touching off a record
1.4 million in decency complaints the FCC received that year
I don't like it instead of turning off said it changing the channel
This year FCC officials find a release of bundle of fines that would address a backlog of more than 50 outstanding complaints and provide broad
Catchers with clear in decency guidelines. We're still waiting by the way choice the guidelines were expected to get tougher
Mr. Martin for example is expressed support for assigning fines per utterance of word deemed to be indecent rather than once for a show no matter how many times it was uttered
And he supports the notion of holding performers as well as broadcasters accountable for violating decency standards and subjecting them both to find in other words
If they just got they decide that crap is
We better get all our crap in now
Yeah, you're right. I can't right there will be like two million dollars one
Yeah, but Mr. Martin the Republicans had difficulty achieving majority among the four sitting commissioners on some indecency complaints before the FCC
Pramping some aids to suggest he reduced the backlog by seeking fines or dismissals in a more peace-meal fashion rather than resolving a large number at once
Mr. Martin has won an ally in these issues and Michael Coffsley Democratic Commission is so called to other commissioners
They Republican Democrats generally favor more modest actions and they're unease in handing out big fines and expanding the FCC's definitions of unacceptable program is slow Mr.
Martin's efforts Mr. Martin declined to be interviewed he said if you guys I like that
There you go. There's a latest on the FCC and everybody's indecent and Janet Jackson is very booby and people haven't nervous breakdown
And they're gonna come and drag all the porn out of your house and you along with it and that's America for today
So I'm America 903 votes on a beat. He's not warned you about this by the way
I warned you you're all going now
We've 97 votes for our thousand I'm not just by this so through a pocket so I can hold on
This clip is a greatest song ever I'm sure with anyone's including you don't argue to hear
People
Oh
On the night time through all the way
Diggin' in the room
Diggin' in the room
Bring to the hot pot
Baby, go
On the night time through all the way
Diggin' in the room
To the crazy crazy town
Get out of the window
There are so many girls
Diggin' in the room
And the western
The freedom
Where life has to fall
Oh, you
So you get a fall
Take two
I want some fun
And you
I can't stay away
Diggin' out
On the night time through all the way
Diggin' in the room
Diggin' in the room
To the hot pot
Baby, go
On the night time through all the way
Diggin' in the room
To the crazy crazy town
So you can go out
You first
I will wait
Even if it takes
All right, I'm done
All the way here
Even if it takes some time
Some time I feel inside
You never, ever, ever
That's why I saw
I think you like it once before
Even if it takes
All right, I'm done
Take some time
Oh, you
And I
I can't stay away
Diggin' out
Diggin' in the room
To the hot pot
Baby, go
On the night time through all the way
Diggin' in the room
To the crazy city
And I
know
On the night time through all day
Diggin' in the room
Diggin' in the room
To the crazy city
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
I'm going to play a little bit more.
You won't hear that on magic.
I'm sitting at that dead bottom hand,
because that evil door is hand-picking to play in that moment.
You won't hear that on the coast.
Where the hell would you hear that?
Name your station, South Florida, who would play that song.
WQAM.
There you go.
That's it.
That's it.
Nobody else planned it, because they played crap.
They got Michael Bolton records over there in the coast in Gloria.
Stefan, that's coming out of their earlobes.
That's still the coast or not.
I don't even know anymore.
It's still the coast.
They're still coasting on it.
Without Johnny Dark, though.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
That's the good news.
Everybody, we are always ready, okay?
Come on, you youngster, put your kids.
Be the crab out of your kids.
I'm not gonna say you're too far out of the battle.
I'm not gonna say you're gonna stay from this.
I'm not gonna say you're not gonna play around.
I'm not gonna say you're not gonna play around.
I'm not gonna say you're not gonna play around.
I guess people have too much eyebellied on their hands.
We've tried to get time for all these vocal mixes,
all these ridiculous fairy tales, all of these nonsense.
Both churches ended up with all of them,
and they were waiting for us in the water in the all of this other crap.
And the miszizzes and the adrails and all of these things.
Not to mention, of course, the flying carpets.
I still, and lately, of course, with all of this,
So suddenly we knew it was interesting Muslim
because they're killing a lot of people,
including some of their own.
We see more and more of these people
running down on the carpets and bending over, so to speak.
Well, I'm telling you, man, when they're all
they're like close together, they're like
100 of these guys and these mosques,
and they're like all got their ass up in the air,
which I'm really sure what the hell I think about that.
And they're like, no, this is right.
And I want to say, they're like too close together.
They're showing God their better side.
Oh, God.
I sure hope they're not the passing of gas.
That curry thing, man, as long as I live,
I'll never be able to understand this.
Like, it's like, it's not only like people who eat,
I guess the pack is a lot of the same guy
too as the Indian people I would imagine.
They were once one country, so I imagine.
But anyway, it smells like not just they're eating
in their diet, but like they're shmuring it all over their skin
or like, say you're in New Virginia,
they're using Putra-Gina, I don't know what they're doing.
Well, what goes in must come out, you know.
Is that what it is?
Oh, God, they got that kid career Roma.
938 votes.
We have a shot at missing the 1000.
I mean, it looked like we give about 1200.
We were like a roll in it, 942.
And then of course, the audience wants to play the little game,
you know.
Ah, we're gonna like, I make him wait.
We're gonna make it know or not.
If we get a thousand fine, and if not,
we just take the rest of the month off.
What is it, one of the sixteenth anyway?
That's some good news for you.
Well, no, maybe this is not good news.
Maybe it's bad news, because we sure want
Catherine Harris to be the Republican candidate for Senate.
Yeah, we do.
Face with an underwhelming fundraising
and poor poll numbers.
US representative Catherine Harris
versus Swiss campaign managers in her desperate effort
to unsee Democratic US Senator Bill Nelson,
another weak sister if there ever was one,
but certainly better than her.
Jim Dornin, I wonder if he's getting a Robert Dorn
in that Nazi from California.
Jim Dornin left the campaign just three months ago
after it was launched, three months after it was launched,
well, they listening to around Florida.
The decision was made public yesterday,
the same day, a Quinnipiac University poll showed
Harris training Bill Nelson by 24 points,
24 points, not even a contender.
It was never my intention to stay doing the day-to-day stuff,
Dornin said the day-to-day operations
is basically the phase that we're in right now.
We have a good team in place,
and I think they're poised and poised and poised
to move forward very quickly.
He wants out.
He's jumping off of that train.
Jamie Middleway, political consultant
in Republican Party of Florida's former executive director
of party development was named acting campaign manager.
I have to do a lot of acting on that deal.
Dornin will continue to serve as an advisor to the campaign.
Harris raised just under $500,000 during her
first fundraising quarter,
compared to more than $1.9 million raised by Bill Nelson.
She also had a deal with repeated reports
that GOP leaders in Washington would rather see
a different candidate in the race,
A.K.A. one that might have a chance of winning.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Aubrey Jewett, a university of central Florida
political science professor, says when campaigns
are going well, there are usually a few changes.
We want to keep things as they are
because you're happy with the results.
Even with the best spin,
this is a sign that things are not going as well as they look.
Yeah.
I guess when you're around the full by 24 points,
or like Joel would say, when you got a,
is the first number on most of your hours.
And then I quote as well as you at Hope.
But don't forget, they're not in the broadcast
new over there across the street.
They're into marketing is what they're into.
They're going to go to the market.
And the way things are going now with those numbers,
while the people have worked,
they're probably going to have to be steaming the carts,
the shopping carts, when they leave the market.
Well, I'm just taking the groceries out to my car.
I'm going to go and I'll be right back.
Not.
I want to say, they have a kind of people
who are going to run with all their right positions
in a shopping cart.
I know they stole them from Walmart.
That would be great.
Reveach barbecue.
Right.
What are we doing on there at 950 votes?
I'm surprised we don't have a lot more calls
about the nights on Broadway.
People ought to be calling them kissing up
and just kissing our ass for playing the whole song.
It is so good.
Powerful.
Is what that song is.
Powerful, man.
What I voted for.
Need to.
Josh on the end voted for like,
I don't know.
He didn't even vote.
I already walked him out.
OK, just wanna hold on with it.
When I moved my vehicle.
What has really brought me in on those grates and
sat most,
similarities to exquisite white animals.

I'm not gonna stay in the night, stay in the night, stay in the night.
It's not a pain.
It's water.
Fourteen feet above the key of the seven.
Like I take a long week to reach Mokas.
In a 40, in all three holes.
And in one room six.
It's like I take a long week to reach Mokas.
When can we get on the way, damn it.
Get that finger out of your ear.
You don't know what that finger has been.
That's five compartments.
And it looks like a big tile at all.
She could say it's both.
With the first four compartments reached, but not five.
The fire was sandwiched.
Multi-five.
Like I take a long week to get on the way.
When I'm finished.
The water was filled over the tops of the bulkheads.
There's no stopping.
Here.
Here.
There's a fire in the bar.
From this moment no matter what you do.
Me, John.
Big three.
Titanic.
Well, founder.
I just want to tell you both good luck.
We're all counting on you.
I believe you may get your headlines misjudicably.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French phones.
Wearing this.
Where did you get that?
Dressed.
It's awful.
And those shoes and that coat.
Sheesh.
That will be so good that I can watch it like every week.
And it's not as good as pin of course.
Well, that'll look good.
I'll be happy disappointed if you don't like pin.
It's got its moments.
It's not like what?
It's a great Z movie.
Just keep that in mind.
I think I put it in my same category.
It's a lie.
Remember, it's a lie.
No, I love Cheeseball movies.
It's a Cheeseball movie, but it's good.
Woman plans to marry man who's shot her.
Woman says she still plans to marry the man who shot her in the groin.
This is in San Bernardino, San Bernardino, California.
And he shot her in the groin and then held her hostage in San Bernardino's groin.
Gay rise for six days.
Teenomory Stephens, we've been able to reintensisn't let her release this week as her boyfriend.
Christianly Roy Lindblad, he sounds like a really good Christian,
was sentenced to 20 years in prison for shooting her in June 2002.
I love Christian today as deeply as I love him before this awful thing happened to West Stephens wrote in the victim impact statement.
We're soulmates.
Tiedded, I want to tell you all that I've forgiven Christian,
and I pray that Christian has forgiven me for failing him when he needed me most.
The accident occurred at the, oh, the incident, not accident.
The incident occurred at the Big Bear City Home, the couple shared with Lindblad's parents.
Lindblad and Stephens had a history of domestic violence and substance abuse.
A quote of a ascensing reported.
It also said Lindblad had been drinking at the time of the shooting.
Lindblad and his parents, Robert and Shirley,
and Lindblad tried to cover up the shooting by tweeting Stephens with home remedies.
Like band-aids, you know, a quote of a San Bernardino County Sheriff's report.
They also threatened her young son's inner family.
Critically wounded Stephens was airlifted to a hospital after Lindblad mentioned the incident to a family friend who was a firefighter.
Lindblad 37 pleaded guilty to a charge of attempted murder as his trial was about to begin early October.
He said the shooting was an accident, but somebody got hurt.
It was an accident but somebody got hurt.
His father, Robert Lee Wurland, by 72 pleaded guilty in 2003 to be an accessory and was sentenced to three years in the slimer.
His mother Shirley, Royanne Cementel, in Blad 62, was sentenced to three years probation after putting guilty of the same crime.
Nice family out there, obviously, in California, December to be known as.
We got our thousand votes, how we do it.
And his nights on Broadway make a little move after I played that.
You could only hope.
People heard and said, oh, yeah, you're right. That's really great now.
It's still doing a pretty decent fourth, but nothing special.
958 votes. We'll get our thousand.
We need 42 in 35 minutes.
That should be a piece of cake for now.
Okay.
How about David Rocco, the Italian, he would born in Toronto.
Do you ever see that show?
Aventura, adventures in dining on the Yahoo channel.
The new busy wife and iron chef, which has nothing to do with food.
Right. It's contest.
But if you love a tiny food like I do and if you love David Rocco and his wife Nina Arota, whatever her name is.
It's a great show, man. He's okay in my book. He's real Italian.
He speaks real good English, real good Italian.
He's born in Toronto and lives in between Toronto and Florence, for Rinsa.
What a nice combination, you know what?
I'm thinking when I went to Lotto this weekend for about 10 minutes,
I think that sounds like a real good plan.
I'll send you a postcard. Don't have no fear.
All right. 26 past one. We got Kurdistan to buy with the important stuff.
We got some sports, baby.
Sports, the dolphin and you.
You'll get your chance to see Savro or the Surrier.
What's the name, Savro's and Cranes this week.
Fells, Cranes, Thien, whatever.
I'm sure Opus not Jewish. Look what happened with Jay Fiehler.
We don't need the dolphins. Don't want another Jewish quarterback.
Everybody tried that deal.
So anyway, a sage and wise young man will be a quarterback with his hands out of the other guys' ass this Sunday.
Now who are they playing? Oh, the Browns.
Where is that game, Josh? That here?
Now in there. I think it's in Cleveland.
Oh, it's in Cleveland. In the frozen Tundra.
Holy moly, right man. That's going to be ugly.
You think that the game last week was ugly?
You just wait. You ain't seen nothing yet.
It's going to be grotesque. Who the Bucks play in this week?
I don't know.
Ah, this is a Bucks fan who lived in Tampa for two years.
Who every time the Bucks win, which is pretty often his year.
Ah, look at my team.
I know who my team is playing fine.
And we got a girl's team in New England. We got New Orleans Saints come marching in.
And if they can't win that game, I say just pack it in.
If Hurricane Wilma dems your car so that you're in a market for a new one.
If you're packing at baby in, get on down and see our good friends at Armstrong Forte Homested.
To help you through these trying times, Armstrong Forte will even pick you up and bring it up the dealership.
Forte Nationally has given all Hurricane victims a $750 check.
And David Rich and the staff are also giving a 750.
That's 1,500 bucks toward the purchase of a new fort only from Armstrong Forte Homested.
This is on top of all the four rebates and discounts on their entire inventory.
And when you buy a new fort from Armstrong Forte Homested, not only to get a sensational deal,
but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
Armstrong Ford treats you great too, just like family, to make you a customer for life.
And I guarantee, I'll bet you fat boys life on it.
You will get a better deal on a fort any place in the universe.
No bait and switch, no phony deals, just unbeatable pricing.
Armstrong Forte Homested, the Raffio 725 South Fixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them out on the web at ArmstrongCars.com where you'll give David Rich a call.
The 305-247-51-12 has stated to come and pick your ass up and get that 1,500 bucks
toward the purchase of a new Ford Carler truck right now.
Grab a little extra and save thousands at Armstrong Forte Homested.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-2-A-A.
Roger time.
Friday's indictment came for burjuree.
Oh!
There's even talk about that 15-E.
The White House knows that truth is coming near.
So they'll make up some brand new carers care.
Here's the truth and maybe work to learn on this.
One, two, and one, you're keeping all the lawyers there.
Really, what you're stealing because I need to know.
Prosecutor, what kind of curb will you throw?
I need to know.
I need to know.
Tell me that big scare of cause I need to know.
I need to know.
No, who's next to go?
It's not worse than with Clinton that was just a blow.
Yeah, I'm sitting here.
This is so embarrassing.
And of course, the only good part of it is that your Alzheimer's is just as bad as mine is.
Yeah.
I'm doing this whole thing glowing report about the BG's because I saw the autobiography thing for two hours over the weekend.
And I'm playing all this music and railing and against anybody who doesn't like their music.
And I had forgotten.
All of us sent out of nowhere.
I'm sitting here during the last break and it popped like that.
I got to know we're back into my brain again.
About that trip to Vegas I had.
Oh yeah, that's right, you hate it.
Yeah!
Oh, that's your memory.
Yeah, Friday, and I are going a few years ago to Vegas on America West.
That was the beginning of my hate for America worst airlines.
I was supposed to do a lot better now, but nevertheless going from Miami to Vegas had the tickets.
Not just reservation, but I had the tickets, paper tickets, the whole deal.
Going to the check-in counter to get your boarding pass.
Oh, somebody has canceled your reservations.
What?
And I'm just, the blood is just pouring out of my ears.
I'm just foaming at them out.
The steam is coming out of every part of my thermo.
Like what the hell is this all about?
And so on the trip out there they stuck us back in coach and coming back.
Oh, no problem coming back.
You're, you're, you're, you know, that part of the reservation we can get you in.
In other words, they hadn't canceled that.
Nobody canceled my reservations.
They canceled it and they like with a whole bunch of other people.
Because there was a certain entourage that took up the whole first class cabin in America worst.
We get on a plane and we're walking through first class very pissed off, back to the coach where the shlupers are.
And who's there in first class? I think, wait a minute, I know these people.
That's the damn stinkin' Bee Gees on air.
And they're entourage.
There was one old 700 year old bag that I've been only, she didn't get knocked out because they didn't even need her seat.
And everybody else on there was either a Bee Gee or a Bee Gee groupie or a part of the entourage.
And if that moment I said, you bastard, you, uh, right.
Yeah, but that's a change of the poll.
Which Bee Gees music sucks the most.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which song do you hit the most?
Which Bee Gee, you have like a voodoo dollop?
Well, you know, it's one of those things.
And at the time, and I'll say it again, of course I can remember what year that was.
I'm sure it was at I.O.D. wasn't it?
Oh, it had to have been, yeah.
Yeah.
But I thought to myself, because they were performing at the MGM Grand, we're staying at the MGM Grand, and they were performing there.
And I thought to myself, a hot shot group like this, the best they can do is afford a commercial jet like this in America worst,
as opposed to either their own private jet or like something, you know, better than this.
Because if that time in America worst was like kind of considered to be chicken-created airlines, you know.
So better remember that it came popping back into my mind.
Day of Bee Gees.
Who do I need them?
Squeaky bites or bastards?
A summit focusing on narrowing the digital divide between the rich and poor residents of countries open today with an agreement of sorts.
Thank God, because they had this big deal going about the internet, you know.
You see that?
No, what?
You didn't know that?
There's a deal going on.
The summit opened today with an agreement of sorts and who will maintain ultimate oversight of the internet and flow of information, commerce and descent.
The world summit on the Information Society had been overshadowed by a lingering if not vocal struggle about overseeing the domain names and technical issues that make the internet working to keep people from Pakistan to Canada serving websites in sorts of information news, buying and selling, of course, hot porn.
Negotiators for more than 100 countries to relay if they leave the U.S. in charge of the internet's addressing system,
averting a U.S. EU showdown at this week's UN Technology Summit.
They run a very big showdown at the OK Corral.
U.S. officials said early today that instead of transferring management of the systems and international bodies such as the UN God forbid,
an international forum would be created to address concerns.
The forum, however, would have no binding authority.
U.S. Assistant Secretary of Commerce Michael Gallagher said that the U.S. will leave day-to-day management to the private sector, though the quasi-independent organization called the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, through that.
The Internet lives to innovate for another day, he told the AP.
Negotiators have been meaning since Sunday to reach a deal ahead of the UN World's Comet on Information Society which started today,
worldly business expected to ratify a declaration incorporating the deal during the summer of China's unfrived.
How do you like that?
Although the U.S. wants to control the domain names and they want to control the whole area.
They want to control everything, including the internet.
So I think we ought to have Al Gore invented it, don't you?
No, that's President Al Gore.
I wish.
There's a rumblings about him, he was out there in the LA, they're all fundraising out, he was one of the ones out there.
John Kerry was out there, kind of scary, he's thinking about another shot.
Al Gore is, I have no problem with him, if he would butch up.
Stop being so stiff and stupid and start like really raising hell like you did when you were campaigning for Kerry there, and raise some hell, 985 votes.
We'll slide across that thousand marker with no fanfare to them, afraid.
Right? Not going to be a big deal.
Well, you can make it one if you want.
And now I think about that episode with a BG taking up my seats in first class, the hell with them.
That music sucked.
It was, it was for a bunch of weak need, limparasted pansies man.
Look now, India, remember we had the story about the girl with the ratsitor or the ancitorize, whatever it was.
The ancitor pants?
Yeah.
You can't call this cop a plane closed policeman, not after he appeared on television in a canary yellow dress, sporting dark red lipstick, matching the old polish and a nose ring and Lucknow India.
State officials ordered a probe at the behavior of the vendor Kumar Pandey, Pandey, and Inspector General in the utter Prada State Police which could cost him a job official, say yesterday.
Pandey 57 believes himself to be the reincarnation of a lady concert of the Hindu Amraskav Krishna.
claims he's merely exercising the scream of religion, but his wife who is suing him says he's no woman at heart, just a womanizer.
He's normal at home or when he's chatting on the internet, he behaves this way to get in the company of other women whom he calls friends, his wife, Venus, or the APS today.
Pandey's cross dressing came to his appearance, attention after he appeared in a quote on Saturday and full drag and gave interviews to several local TV channels.
The government's initiated a probe into Pandey's behavior, said the Home Secretary, and it's a real embarrassment for the police force if it's senior officer behaves in such a manner.
He said the investigation found Pandey guilty of behavior, unbecoming an officer he could lose his job.
Pandey said he's only following his faith.
He said he's been dressing as a woman for the last 10 years since the God Krishna described in mythology as a flirtatious young man, appeared in a vision, and informed him he was the reincarnation of one of Krishna's concerts, Radha.
I'm just obeying the orders of Lord Krishna, Pandit Pooley, and Pee. He's asked me to dress up like this and do whatever he asked me to do, Pandey who now calls himself Dhusri Radha or Second Radha, said Dhusri.
How you doing, Dhusri?
All them off meds and rotters.
Let's see, Brad says the year was 1997.
Boy, what a memory, Brad. How was it the MGM that we can as well, says Brad?
I guess he was because the BG's were there.
1997. So that would be at IOD just toward the SN, I guess. When, when did we, was it Paxton? Where now, where were we?
Well, it would have had to be in Taxi.
Or maybe it was here, because we've been hearing it for years.
Eight years of QA. And eight long years. Good. Thanks, Brad. He was also there that we can't also have pissed off at the BG's no doubt.
Twenty till two at QA and if you find yourself looking in the mirror and wondering where the hell did it go, man? Where is my hair?
Remember that song by the Espines? Where did my hair go?
Nope.
Charles Alfie Erie's been helping the famous and not so famous guys. Look really great. They're best for over 30 years now.
But Charlie's work is not only fantastic, but the best in the world at any price. Even if he had a Zidian dollars,
you couldn't get a better looking head in here that isn't the real thing. And nobody to know it's not the real thing because it looks like real hair growing out of your scalp as opposed to some kind of a grotesque
muscular or that nasty red thing that was on Aaron Brown's head all those years before they finally wised up and kicked his ass off of there.
Anyway, have nothing to lose but that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you guys look so old and miserable because Charlie's working completely guaranteed.
He tried Charlie's hair system for 30 days.
But third man.
And after a month of being all of the way, it looks and feels if you're not getting laid 15, 20, 60, 70 times a day, return for a full refund.
Make the call today. Be sure to mention you heard about it here on the New Rogers Show.
And Charlie give you an extra 200 bucks off the regular $800 price of that great look and natural hair line system.
Call today, like I said, you got nothing to lose but that ugly bald spot. Call toll free 1-800-321-2013.
That's 1-800-321-2013. Run that wicked worldwide web. It's Charles Alphieri.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5-16-Q.
We're going to go to the door.
Tonight on Celebrity Poker.
The Chesapeake Fort Switch chips.
In the pod.
Al Franken.
Charles Alphichino.
Dufferin.
Jackson.
And vanilla Parker Ball.
Alright, mate.
Let's lay power.
What are you betting, Alan?
$6,000.
I call you Alan because I am Al Franken.
I don't care who you are, you fairy.
Now, how much?
$6,000.
It's an awful lot of money.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
What are you about, Jack?
You just cost me $6,000.
And one cat will be a fairy.
What are you going to do?
Oh, this is pens and excitement.
You can expect from low budget dumb-down television.
Like this viewer here.
That was funny.
Oh, God, I want to die.
Become Preciant Gemma with a chair.
With Celebrity Poker on ESVU.
We got a thousand votes. How do you like that?
We apologize for this.
We all have had it.
Remember my America War story?
I never wanted them to first place.
Damn it.
Yeah, killed four good hours.
Oh, it's freaking BG's.
Yeah, screw them.
My all time favorite BG song is The BG Suck, 197, went up to 19.7%
I've heard my America War story.
Staying alive 135, How Deep is Your Love, 69, How Deep is Your,
Nights on Broadway, 64, Lonely Day is 54.
Drive talk in 49, More than a woman 40, Like that Guy in India.
How can you mend a broken part, 40?
Night Fever, 36, Pragedy, 35.
I started a joke 34.
You should be dancing 32.
Who the hell are the BG's 32 idiots, punks, schmucks, morons?
People don't get out of the house.
To love somebody 29, I got to get a message to you 26.
New York Mining Desires to 18.
Islands in the stream 17.
Massachusetts 16.
If I can't have you 14, Words 14.
Emotion 11.
Too much heaven 9.
17.
Love so right 6.
Fanny be 10 with my love 5.
Heartbreaker 4.
Holiday 4.
You win a game 2.
Run to me 2.
Well, how come that isn't doing better?
That's a good song.
Yeah, it is.
I don't know.
I love you inside out through 1.
Immortality 1.
And world has got the big and deservedly so out of a thousand and three votes.
Yeah, we apologize for doing this.
We'll never do it again until four seasons 1.
Well, you know, I'll tell you one thing.
I mean, you could do it with the Beatles.
You could do it with Elvis except that crowd.
He'd tell the supposed, that's so old, you know.
And I'm right there with him.
That's what you better watch it.
I'll get that crack that Elvis stuff out here in a second.
I gotta ride over.
I can reach you right now.
You gotta reach around.
I can reach him.
Oh, Claire Wisconsin.
Ken Hayes and Mueller.
Somebody faxed this in.
Thank you so much.
Ken Hayes and Mueller doesn't want the sign of the devil on his red old's mobile.
He was randomly assigned to Wisconsin license plate number 666-Ken.
Hayes and Mueller said at first he thought it was kind of cool having tags with his first
name.
But he said he worries people might think he's a Satanist who had ordered custom plates.
Oh, what a moron.
In fact, the proof of it is his wife Jean added a very strong Christian family.
I told you, a moron.
DMV official said people will find their plates offensive can turn them and get new ones
for a small processing fee.
So no more 666-Ken, you believe it.
They're good Christians, after all.
We don't care if you're good Christians.
We don't care if you're bad Christians.
Just leave us alone.
Is that so much to ask?
Jesus Christ.
Leave people alone already.
Stop trying to make us an offer we can't refuse.
Let's see.
Scott is pissed off of the America worst.
They're on see.
I'm not saying that they've improved luck because I've flown them because I haven't.
What was the airline with that national number?
It was flying the non-stop to Vegas and actually getting the air cream.
That one time.
Are they still in business national airlines?
They were flying non-stop Miami and Fort Lauderdale to Vegas and they were like not only
on time, but they were like leaving early.
You know, I mean, it was just great.
Not there wasn't good as the Bob Lincoln trips, of course, but nothing's perfect.
Nothing's perfect.
Scott says America worst sucks.
Last year during the hurricanes in South Florida, I was in Vegas on vacation.
The baby before I was to come home to Jerry Etter Creek, the hurricane hit.
They canceled my flight and told me I have to wait eight to ten days for another flight.
Meanwhile, every other airlines was flying the next day.
America worst wouldn't accommodate me in any way, shape, or form.
They even laughed at me when I told them I can't stay in Vegas, especially since I was
broke down.
Can't pay to stay next to ten days.
So continental was nice enough to honor my ticket the next day.
He says to America worst, but now he's spelled it right up.
Nice going, Scott.
Don't make that mistake again.
So I guess it's part of all these, because you read about the ratings of the airlines.
Oh, America, West is phenomenal.
They're great.
I'll take your word for it.
Plus, I'm never going to Vegas again anyway, so who cares?
Although John is just going, that's the, did you not go in May?
You were going to go?
I can't remember.
No, I didn't, but I'll be going the next day.
Well, what is it in May that makes you want to go in?
That'd be my birthday.
Oh, no, that's a good time to go.
Hell yeah.
Loose your ass out there.
I bet you're going to be playing the slots.
You'll lie to us about it.
You'll come back and say, I played Crap's and I played poker and I played Blackjack.
I sure is something to go anywhere near one of them, one of our bandits.
You know what?
I'll humor you.
I'll play a slap.
No, no, you're not going to humor me.
You're going to try to like win a few thousand's what you're going to.
You're not going to be doing it to humor me.
Yeah, well, I'm not going to well look out for a lot of players.
Everybody's going to wonder how much do you win 10 grand there with the Indians?
One pull.
He just won their pool, 10 grand.
God, I wouldn't give anybody a 10 grand to pull it.
But that's, that's incredible.
Just on one pull, one pull, one play, and by the way, you got the jackpot 10 grand.
And you're laughing at him.
He's laughing at you, Mr. He's saying, what a putz, Mr. Hockshadow, but you're making
15 cent an hour at QA.
Yeah.
When you couldn't use that 10 grand, I could.
Yeah.
Then I wouldn't have had this constant pressure, pressure.
Oh my God.
I'm doing a good job at those stories.
You know, when's that money coming?
You've got to keep all these people alive.
That's my world in life.
You know, some people when you're born, there's like a little message.
My world in life is keeping everybody alive and I'm doing a fine job.
Stay in the line.
Maybe that's why they like that song so much.
I could be staying alive.
Oh, here's the story that was just for you, George.
Oh, good.
The former chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting repeatedly violated the
organization's contracting rules and code of ethics and his efforts to promote conservatives
in the system, according to an internal investigation released yesterday.
The 42-page report, the combination of a six month investigation by Kenneth A. Conns,
the corporation's inspector general, described former chairman, Kenneth White Tomlinson,
the former chairman.
We had to stir about how he got tossed.
Yes.
As a rogue political who overstepped the boundaries of his position to write what he viewed
as a liberal tilt in public broadcasting, to far right what he viewed as a public tilt.
Tomlinson resigned his board position this month in advance of the report, denied any
wrong during the statement, including the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in the spring by representatives David Obey and John Dingle
Berry.
Conns and his nine member staff documented numerous occasions in which Tomlinson circumvented
the corporation's contracting procedures and tried to hire his own hand pick candidates
to study the political balance in public broadcasting and talk to the Mayor's Office
of the State.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges against
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible
charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible
charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new chargesis.
The investigation was requested in advance of the report calling new charges admission.
The investigation was required in advance of the report calling new which is available at the case of Nabil 1984.
The investigation was required in advance of the report calling newodge faxades agencies and the fraudulated documents in the hospital.
The investigation was required in Marisan requested in advance of the report calling new charges
The investigation was required in advance of the report calling new charges malicious irresponsible.
The investigation was required in advance of the report calling newr
Fajasqu
