Is the real deal?
All right, so Pat Rally's first game will be tomorrow in Chicago.
I'm saying morning will be out with us at 8.30 and then they have a game of Milwaukee Wednesday.
Wow. Good morning.
Joseph knocked me over with a feather.
Big news.
Who cares?
Lots of people.
Well, too bad. Too bad for them.
Oh, that's right. Ira squeaked it out there this morning.
That's her for Ira.
Hey, Ira, you're still squeaky and annoying.
Nevertheless.
Good reporter.
How about those dolphins?
Well, the end that could be poor.
That means with a pen or with a with a finger, not with his mouth.
At any rate, how about those dolphins, huh?
Big surprise.
You told us that we're going to be walking apart for San Diego.
I just said that I didn't think that Dolvin's good win.
I thought they had no chance.
You said that too.
I agree.
See, I'm I'm messing up through.
I'm not trying to like get a colorate.
Yeah, I think I said.
And I'm a plate.
Because they played that was against a very good team.
Yeah.
So I must have been looking ahead to the indie game next week.
You know what?
They still went out there and beat him.
You know, it's yeah.
That was big accomplishment.
Well, when you got Gus Ferratman called signals and Fahrenheit ball.
Well, I went Gus Ferrat's beat and you whoo.
Yeah, like I said, they were looking at it next week.
How about those Patriots?
I guess those girls team that was pretty impressive.
And I told you that would happen.
Yeah, that I did tell you was there any doubt Buffalo's in a little bit of
disarray.
I think the wingland is a team that people aren't going to want to see in the playoffs.
Well, they're starting to they're starting to put it together now.
They're getting some people back.
Corey Dylan had a good game.
Yeah, Brady was his usual incredible self.
What's not to like?
He heard his leg in the game.
But now he came.
That was a little late.
Takes more than that to knock him out.
Yeah.
So anyway, I'm in Atlanta.
Yeah, I know when you've got to get out there.
So I have a safe trip home.
Thank you.
I hope you have a good day.
I'll be back on Wednesday.
Yes, I'm seeing.
I'm looking on this case.
What's the story tomorrow?
Well, I'm covering the game tonight.
I don't get done until like what came in the morning.
Yeah, not much of a game.
Oh my god.
Don't you know what I mean?
The Monday night football game and then against the one little girls blind team.
The war ones.
That's why I was not the saints.
Yep.
You can cover that with a blanket.
Oh, by the way, when you get back on Wednesday, I want to tell you the Bob Lassiter story.
And you will in this.
There's a factor in Lakeland.
I'm going to thank him today on the year for saving my life.
Yeah, what happened with that?
I heard you tell well up up here.
We'll talk about a Wednesday.
Believe me, you will you will push away that food and you'll like be a shadow of your
former self.
Trust me.
This doesn't sound good.
No, it's not good.
Although you never had fat eyelids like Lassiter, but nevertheless seeing a Wednesday.
All right, you know, I would good day.
You too.
Do do do.
Hi, this is Red Deer Annie Moeller, Atlantic Coast Mortgage is the only mortgage company in
South Florida.
The same location since 1982.
Why would you deal with someone else?
One branch and ready to help serve you.
If you want a free cruise, don't call them.
If you want it to rain on a sunny day, don't call them.
If you don't want the pay closing costs, don't call them.
If you want great rates and you want to be treated with straight stock, call them at
8 Atlantic Coast Mortgage.
Call 3L5-944-0733 or a brownie to Palm Beach at 954-987-8077 for a Atlantic Coast
Mortgage.
Eric Green, the voice of the Miami Heat's a weekly feature on this station presented by
the Pacifico City Resorting Games.
Tune in every Wednesday at 330 with Howard Deer and Eric Green, exclusively on Sport
Radio 560-QAM.
Hank Culver, weekday morning 7th.
Hello, Phil.
The O.
Absolutely.
I went to Dolphin's Training Camp.
I asked Nick Sabin, who will it be?
Will it be AJ?
Will it be Sage?
Here's what Nick said to me.
Boy.
Just for a ride, for a ride.
Oh.
Our starting QB will be.
I think we'll have Nick Dorees with for a ride.
Yeah.
Just you wait and see.
I saw an ex a bitch in game watching him play was like a bad dream.
I saw him fumble, he dropped the ball.
It made me want to scream.
Cause for a ride, we got whatever it is you need.
Your offense has gone to sea with for a ride.
He can't score to you.
Cause for a ride, for a radio.
Absolutely.
If you play for a ride, you will be sorry.
Hey, he's the man.
He is the star of the moment.
Last week he were tracking his ugly old ass and now he is a superstar.
Here what I'm thinking, I'm thinking we're thinking smelling the Super Bowl.
Can't you smell it?
Oh, sure.
We're smelling it man.
6 and 7.
It's like Don and going to heaven.
Anyway, George is out sick today and Josh is on vacation.
So we got the beast in McGill, the blind leading the blind, the fat leading the blind.
Speaking of fat, I do want to thank that the facts are in Lakeland.
I don't know if he's listening on the internet.
And we are not carrying the apparently press conference at 11 o'clock this morning.
Why not?
Everybody knows the deal.
He's the coach of the heat again.
Now that he is back.
He is back, right?
Yeah.
Well, see that's what it is.
They don't want to have him come back as coach when the was out.
Cause that would be looked bad.
They still would have lost their ass.
So now he's going to come back again with that slug down here.
Hey, congratulations Pat.
I know you love this show.
He realizes that he's the only sports nerd in town who realizes this show is the centerpiece of the radio station
and surrounded by those silly ass sports shows.
So that is gone Pat and you still got silly ass here.
But a lot of it.
So that's so we're not carrying the press conference.
If you want to hear it, you can turn over to 790.
They need your help anyway badly.
Okay, I'm sure that they're going to be carrying.
Wouldn't you think at 11 o'clock?
What else are they going to put on?
Sid the kid.
So anyway, Friday, I got this facts.
I wish tell I would have saved it.
I guess I don't really need to read the facts.
I probably have it here.
Oh, Judge declares a mistrile and viox federal case just in.
Wredfaking news from CNN.
Certainly not see news network.
So anyway, this guy alerted me of the fact.
And of course most of this audience doesn't remember Bob Lasseter and the beast doesn't remember him.
And Miguel, he thinks I worked for clear channel.
You, I asked you.
Considering the fact that you're like,
I'm not going to consider you something the radio maven in the building.
What you know?
I could stick in a symbol and have room for a big buy a barrel of dope from maybe a note.
Never said that to me.
Never said what?
You said radio maven.
For the show that I worked for.
Like, ask you a question.
Bologna, you consider yourself to be the radio expert in that building.
Which quite frankly compared to what else is in the building you just might be.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, man, with this business where we're at, we're the real station.
Who are you kidding, huh?
Who are you kidding?
We got more people on the air on this radio station than come along even in the building much less on the air.
And we're the real station.
You know, I mean, why do we have to dignify the station that's got a chair would like, oh, we're the real station, you know?
Another ego thing.
This whole radio station is just a big ego trip.
All of the good news is before I thank that guy in Lakeland.
The good news is,
Beasley declares regular quarterly cash dividend.
Oh, yeah.
Now we're cooking, baby.
Now we're on fire.
Screw that, Joel.
Find River Cross a street.
Tell them you're small potatoes, Joel.
You guys don't even own that station.
You're leasing it.
You're leasing it.
What is that?
Leasing a radio station.
Anybody could do that.
It's like a trade-out central again.
Well, no, that's us.
The company Beasley set on Friday.
It's boarded directors authorized the initiation of a regular quarterly cash dividend of six and a quarter cents per share of its class A.
I mean, that's class A and class B common stock.
The first evident is payable January 20th, 2006 to shareholders of record on December 30th, 2005.
So you better get out there and get that Beasley stock.
You got 18 days to do it, baby.
I'd hop it up as they say in China.
I'd grab as much as I can get my hands on.
I'd steal money just to be able to buy that Beasley stock.
So that's starting January 20th.
Next year you can get that six and a quarter cents per share.
In other words, if you had 100 shares, that's what?
$60, $6 bucks.
Right?
Huge.
Oh, that's your organic.
And in fact, Josh Cordis is on vacation in Seattle, but I was going to tell him in lieu of his raise that they put in a budget for this coming year.
They're going to give him a few shares of stock instead.
I can just smell that coming out, can't you?
And then you're getting back to the facts I got from Lakeland on Friday.
And you don't have to be, I noticed the Beasley in fact, you're not going to have too much to say about this because you're going to get all defensive.
Are we told you about it?
See what I mean?
Yeah, but not say anything.
Well, why is that?
I'm waiting for you to speak your mind for me.
Well, we don't want to see a crook yet.
Okay?
You've got a fiance.
You're going to get married.
You've got maybe a reason to live, although I'm not too sure of that.
You've got a lot of wheel of fortune to play at the casinos when they open with the slots.
If and when that happens, that'll be bad.
That will be bad for you, man.
He's going to be out there every single day.
Where's the beast this morning?
Oh, he's a, see, let me tell you, let me give you a little clue.
Go early in the morning when there's nobody there.
Although, see, you can't do that there because it's not going to be 24 or 7.
They're going to open, I think, at 9 in the morning and operate 16 hours a day.
Isn't that what the thing said?
That's pretty lame.
But anyway, go there, get there at 9 o'clock in the morning when there's nobody there.
Then you can try this one and that one you can find a good machine mine.
As soon as you find one, it's spinning a lot, but I'm being.
There you go.
Just sit there and plunge your guns out.
So Friday, I get a fact from a listener in Lakeland who was listening on the Internet and he says to me about Bob Lasseter,
who ripped off everything that I ever did.
In fact, if you go online, which I did over the weekend, I'm so thankful to that guy in Lakeland for saving my life.
But if you not only read the Lasseter blog, but then you read all the articles about him on the Internet,
they all say the same thing who worked with the radio, Miami Radio Legend, Neo Rogers, and although his style was his own bull crap,
he used to go on the air when he was on the SU win.
Well, let's see, what shall I do today?
The serious Neil or the funny Neil?
You know, like that.
I mean, what a ripoff.
Not that I wish him any ill or anything like that, even though like I told you on Friday, he really stuck it to us over there on SU win.
For whatever reason, I don't just ego, I guess, you know.
Some people are all about ego.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
But anyway, he's in bad shape.
His show, he was one of the most depressing people.
I used to say he was suicide-inducing.
He was so depressing.
He's got a great voice.
There's no idea how to use it.
He's got a great deep voice, like that.
Like that.
What?
That's him.
That's him.
That's Lasseter.
May's got a great voice.
But...
He was a huge fat guy.
He lost a lot of weight and then he gained it back again, I guess.
And like I said, the Humper, he's the only guy I've ever known that he was so fat that even his eyelids were fat.
I don't think even the beast your eyelids aren't fat, are they?
Not Lasseter, I checked.
Miguel, they're fat.
Well, don't have to be.
Take a look at him and see if they're fat.
And the eyelids are too.
Half the four chins.
Oh, God.
Well, in your case, Georgia's case, I can't give past the foreskin and the beast case, I can't give past the four chins.
But anyway, he's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Oh, God, I can't believe I said it.
Well, here in Toronto, we got a lot of Chinese.
And by the way, you'll be placed in a with sunny and minus 14 degrees Celsius.
It is so cold and the windshield's like minus 25.
So it's not a good day to go out.
I guess I'll do the break then.
I'll tell you the rest of the story about Blabel Lasseter and about he's got type 2 diabetes advanced stage.
And he hid in a foot amputated.
All you fat people out there and believe you me, I'm one of the worst defenders.
See, if I were, if I was one of those goody two shoes who was like lost 60 pounds and I'm like doing great, then I could open up.
It would be bad, you know.
See what I'm saying?
It's like to be formed smokers or reformed alcoholics that open up a must start lecturing other people.
But in your fat slide yourself and you realize, and when you've been talking about eating a half a gallon of ice cream, which even the beast can't do that, I bet you never ate a half a gallon of ice cream in one day.
Never once.
Never once.
No.
Nestleys have a mehash, man.
It was good.
It was a good half gallon, man.
And in fact, a little more than a half gallon because here everything is measured in leaders as it take me to your leader.
So it's a little more than a half gallon.
And I still, I survived it.
And I guess that was the end.
That pint of a hot gondas dulce de leche, dulce de leche, that was the end.
We'll tell you the story.
I know it's boring and nobody wants to hear about it.
They don't like it in the lecture, especially in the holiday time of the year, about getting fat.
But you know something you're going to die.
I'm telling you right now.
Are you fat people out there?
And don't let me forget on Wednesday to lecture the Humphor about it too, because he's, you know, damn well, he's not taking his blood sugar.
He's just a mess.
Am I right?
Peace.
Come on, you work with him.
Open up a mouth.
Quit being such a wuss.
I've seen it.
He didn't lie to you.
He can't hear you.
I've never seen him take his blood sugar now.
No.
And has he ever talked to you about doing it?
No.
And I was going to buy him one of those, you know, one of those meters, but then I thought to myself, he's not going to use it anyway.
So what's the point?
Be like burning the money.
I can put it in a good machine instead of, instead of like throwing the money away.
Well, maybe Beast could do it every day before they throw something.
Are you taking your blood sugar?
No.
He could take hands.
I'm talking to the Beast.
Forget about you, Skinny.
I'm talking to the Beast.
You're taking your blood sugars?
No.
Why would I take my blood sugar?
You're not diabetic?
No.
You're not diabetic?
Heck no.
Well, how many hours do you think before they even throw you diabetic?
Stop throwing them in.
I've been checked eight billion times and the doctor's like, you got good genes.
You're not diabetic.
We have good genes, size 48.
Maybe.
10-14 a.k.a.
And it's that most wonderful time of the year, unless of course you're fat.
I mean, unless you hate crowded malls, long register lines, parking hassles, and those insane shoppers.
Make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones.
Give my dial amacrus gift certificate this year.
When you call 1-800-Matrus, you can order a dial amacrus gift certificate and aid in nomination.
A new bed makes a perfect gift that'll last you for years or last them.
Last somebody.
When you call 1-800-Matrus, you choose from the top names too.
They got them all.
They got C. Lee.
Cervus Simmons, King Coral, Sterns, and Foster Hewitt, and Temporepidic II.
Maybe you suffered some damage in the house from Hurricane Wilma.
Maybe you need a bed for those last minute, unify-the-hull day guests.
Whatever your deal is, call 1-800-Matrus.
You'll get same day delivered from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
And you still get to pick the date and time for a little bit of figure schedule
and tour on one of those convenient for your ass.
The alimatra shows up on time 99.7% of the time
and they're ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
I've been using them for a long time and you ought to be doing the same.
Before those guests arrive, pick up that phone and just make that one easy call.
But what a blessing it is to be able to do shopping this easy during the holidays.
1-800-Matrus, 1-800-MAT-R-E-S-L-E-R-O-F-L-A-S-T is because it stands for
Sensational, Still Pended Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6-E-Q-A-S.
A no!
Neil Rogers.
What a nice theory spring.
Welcome to the show!
Vice President Cheney, this was you just a year ago.
He is exactly the leader we need for these times
and we need him for four more years.
How did George get re-elected anyhow?
He got his job because he's charming, sexy, good-looking, and has great air.
You and George are feuding. How come?
The President lies in the American D.
And the thing about the WMDs?
It is a lie.
When's the last time GW lied?
Just this morning.
And you said you can't even understand the man because he's stuttered so fast.
At the very least, we have a right to know what he is saying.
Dick, I got a surprise for you.
This is what GW said about you backstage.
I admitted that Dick Cheney's an ass-
Whoa! Here's George now!
Dick Cheney's a bastard.
And a faithful Muslim.
It is a lie.
10-19, a QA. I'm sorry.
Before I tell you about the guy from Lakeland,
here's a fact from Mark from Hellenbeel Beach together.
And what I tell you about that video series I'm putting out going on wild,
here's a good example of it.
So as well, another Broward County High School football season has come and gone.
My son's football banquet took place last night in Hollywood.
And once you know what the powers that be,
Greg did another pastor for a pre-event prayer service.
Once again, I got my fat ass out of my seat and left the room
as they kept the audience bowed their heads in prayer.
I returned after the church service was over.
There seems to be a Christian theme this year.
I see, a year after year.
So next year I may have a Muslim mule of the same few words about A'la.
I'm really going to get the, my God is better than you were going to theme going hot and heavy.
It says, unethical and unbelievable.
Something like that.
I could understand if we're talking about a religious school program.
But this is a public school, okay?
I remember that when I was in school.
We used to go to assembly.
And they used to have the Lord's Prayer.
And Jesus' name, you know, I had to bow our heads.
And I was thinking, up yours, man, you crazy for a business going.
When are you going to stop?
Anyway, can I go back to my fat facts?
We're through.
Well, you don't care about that.
The fact that they're making kids talk, Jesus talk in public school?
No, you said public school.
Yeah, I'm supposed to be there.
If it's at a Catholic school, that's one thing.
But at a public school, it has no business.
You know something, I'm going to lay down on the floor.
I'm going to get a nice pillow.
And the good news is I got all my clothes on today,
because it's too damn cool to be sitting here in my voucher shorts.
I'm going to let you and the Beast do the show today.
Okay, bye-bye.
I feel like I've lost a day of my life here today.
And we're all what it is.
But everything seems to be like out of sync.
It's a joy of a sync.
And you want to add the George factor.
George, of all the times, although next week we could be worse,
because I'm going to be on vacation next week.
But all the times to be out sick, we got George Cortis in Seattle
with my money.
And George always had been with a fever.
What am I talking about him?
This man is always sick, always freaking sick.
Who did more?
I'm sorry.
What did Miguel say about George?
What is it?
What did Miguel say about George?
Oh, you're always throwing him under the bus again.
And this is your bad.
You are really bad.
He said you're going to die soon, George.
Yeah, this pace.
You won't make it the 50.
And the Beast, he never make it the 40.
Not a chance.
Not a chance.
And if you got a doctor that's telling you what you want to hear,
I shoot him right now.
George, brains out.
In fact, I'll come down here and I'll do it for you.
I hate those doctors that draw.
Oh, when you've got good genes and your blood sugar is just fine.
What is your blood sugar, by the way, your fasting blood sugar?
I'll bet in the girls life on it.
You haven't got a Chinaman's clue what it is.
I have no idea.
No idea.
And then you tell me it was like seven or eight years ago.
And I first started on a horse ball radio station.
You're giving me a song and a dance about how you've had every...
How old have you been?
Seven years ago.
22.
22.
This man had like high colonics, low colonics.
What do they call that thing where they invade your...
A doscopy colonoscopy.
A fatoscopy.
Yeah.
Because I have Jewish stomach, man.
Yeah, Jewish stomach.
I think you've got an extra Jewish stomach.
I think you've got Ariel Sarones stomach is what you've got.
An Israeli stomach.
And you're trying to kid yourself.
So you're going to be dead pretty soon.
I just don't say I didn't warn you.
So I get this facts in a guy and I'm going to be dead.
And they've been telling me about Lassiter and how he's got this blog now.
And he hasn't been on the year and six years because he got candid FLAA again
because he claimed they lied about his contract and the one who was deals.
Who knows what the story really is.
There's zero settler against the Bruins, don't they?
Oh, man.
Anyway, forget the hockey stuff.
Okay, we got that Pat Riley press conference coming up on the other station 11 o'clock.
So Lassiter had a foot amputated.
He writes this as depressing as he was on the year and believed me.
Like I said, his show was suicide inducing.
He was so depressing.
And the blog is a thousand times more depressing.
And of course, I guess it would be when you got like one foot amputated
and you're going blind and you think you're going to be dead and three or four years.
And your kidneys are failing and things like that.
Pretty soon we're going to be saying I didn't know he was dead.
Yeah, like that.
We only got a few Lassiter dropping.
Holy cow.
So I read that and then I went on and I read all of his ramblings and writings.
And like I said, by the time I got through reading, I wanted to put a gun to my head.
But it gave me a wake up call.
It gave me a wake up call.
By the way, you're an ungrateful bastard Lassiter.
Like I said on Friday, God punishes those who cross across.
That's right.
And so it's one thing to read about it like generically.
But when it's somebody that you know,
there's a different story there.
It's like you read about lung cancer if you're a smoker.
And it's kind of like a generic thing.
It's not close to them.
But if you're like somebody in a family or a good friend of yours,
all of a sudden his lung cancer because they're smoking them fangots like a hand over a fist,
then maybe if you have any common sense, you say to yourself,
whoa, let's toss the fangots.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
So all of a sudden, I, over the weekend, a man I was on my best behavior.
I've been Saturday and Sunday and so far today,
other than my bacon and you'll see for the 80 million time I'm saying it.
But boy, that's your scared or crap out of me.
And the beast ought to be the same for you in the Humper.
I'm telling you right now, how can you be a big fat dog that if it looks like a bullphotoid
and somebody stick a bicycle pump up their ass and you're not taking your blood sugar?
Huh?
If you cared about the guy you work for,
you go out there and you buy him one of those acu meters,
what a bit of a hula call, you get him one of the acu check.
You know something, you're not going to do anything for anybody is what you're going to do
because you're into Nile because that would be an admission out of your own
that you're going to be next.
I am not into Nile.
Well then why don't you go out there and buy him one?
He's not going to be on tomorrow.
Between now and tomorrow, you can go out there, go to Walgreens and buy him one of those things.
It's not that expensive, maybe 100 bucks and you know, it would develop.
I just just pretend you had a bad day at the Indian casino.
A bad day on a cruise ship like all these people that are losing their loved ones on cruise ships.
I keep telling you people who go on a cruise ship, people just keep disappearing lately.
If you notice that, there's two stories over the weekend.
There's something an Indian brought that disappeared and some guy,
these people I don't know where their son is.
He was on a cruise ship for his honeymoon and oh well, he just vanished.
And the people in the cabin next to where he was staying like,
oh well there was all this noise in there and like a big brawl and there was blood in the cabin
but they can't find him no more.
He's in the drink.
Dead.
So I keep trying to tell you these things.
Okay, here's the poor result.
I don't want to go out of cruise ship in a bad wagon thing but maybe we'll save somebody's life.
You think?
No.
What do you mean no?
Well why do you say that?
Well, you see again, another area besides radio, the thing you know least about is fat.
But you'll be fat because you eat man, you eat like a cow.
All that free food that comes in there, that place, that's another reason that I have to be out of that place.
It's not a radio station, it's a Ristarante.
What are you doing in the show?
What?
Look at all the food you eat during the show.
Now, you eat all throughout the show.
You always say you're going to go back into your kitchen there and make something on the flavor wave.
What are you talking about?
When is the last time I ate anything on your during the show?
It said maybe a piece of Swiss cheese.
What are you talking about?
You're a crazy person.
The bacon, the prawns.
Where I'm going to eat the bacon for breakfast before the show, 8.45, you could mark it on the clock every morning.
I have my microwave bacon.
That's it until lunch at 2.15 or whatever.
That's it.
And the bacon, by the way, is Actin's approved.
Oh, that case.
Yeah.
You know nothing about fat and you're just making crap up.
So now he's throwing Georgia out of the bus and throwing my ass out of the bus too man.
Getting pretty crowded out of there.
Confirmational.
No, that's right.
I forget it's the confrontational, Miguel.
It was opposed to the Mambi Pambi boring is all crap.
Don't forget Pat Raleigh, big press conference at 11.
Are we carrying it?
No.
It's going to be great.
This is new Roger.
Maybe we can put our on.
Get our on the phone.
The breath are beautiful.
You know how it is.
With the holiday season upon us.
You can get me and I have this sighted to do step out of paradise.
And spread the legs of Joyce around you.
And you come to Pete's house and you come to Pete's house and you come to some fun order.
Now I'm coming up with the phone that I've been to my house.
And you come to my house.
And you come to my house.
And you come to my house.
And you come to my house.
And you come to my house.
And you come to my house.
And you come to my house.
You're going to not come around.
I can do one round, a chronicle bush,
for getting high on a high holy'm curry.
And I do say hope to thousand of that in my5mple on go.
I don't tell ya high friends.
Go get a thousand salt and all the pissbin around.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
For Christmas most favorite holidays song you know what that one is?
No.
Singular cori mario rock.
young writers.
helping Can you do this now?
силь right here.
Now at least you guys know who Richard Pryor is.
Yes, right.
However, I would suggest you, maybe I'm wrong about this, but at least in my lifetime, Eugene
McCarthy was far more significant than Richard Pryor.
Even though you wouldn't know Eugene McCarthy from Charlie McCarthy.
You want to bring the boys home from Vietnam, right?
Eugene McCarthy was the Howard Dean of the Vietnam War.
He was to Vietnam on Howard Dean is to Iraq.
And he was another one that was intellectuals.
Not a pseudo intellectual, but an intellectual and kind of a stuffy guy from Minnesota.
And then Bobby Kennedy came along and he would have been the candidate.
And but anyway, Eugene McCarthy caused in the New Hampshire primary, because the LBGA,
LBGA, to say, I ain't running a mole.
Because he always gonna be as ass-liked and kicked.
So Eugene McCarthy is that he was a great American.
And after the only problem is he became kind of like Seenile and he started every four
years he would run for president again.
Every four years.
But anyway, he had balls.
Gotta respect people who got a pair of balls.
And Richard Pryor, he was funny.
He had him.
He was a pioneer.
He had a pair of balls.
And didn't he have like a little fourth fire in his pants?
Yeah, like set himself on fire.
Set himself on fire, which is not a good idea now he's dead.
Now what did he die from?
Do we know?
I didn't really get a heart attack caused by a multiple sclerosis.
I see.
So you don't think that's a fire brought that on, do you?
No.
Oh, maybe other drugs and stuff.
Now what about the diabetes that Bob Lasseter has got with the amputated foot and the vision
going and the kidneys, the beans going bad?
I just mentioned that because you know people don't like to hear about it because we're
all in denial.
And just like you, I got very lucky with the jeans.
I got great jeans.
That's the only reason my body's been able to do all this stupidity I've been doing
for all these years.
Eating ice cream and candy, a fat old diabetic like me, ice cream and candy and 35 pounds
overweight.
Now of course once upon a time I was a big much bigger cow.
I think at IOD I was packing about 240 and I'm like 192.
So at least I'm not gaining it back, at least I've maintained it.
I got another 30.
I would say that same elusive 30 pounds to lose that I've had for a long time.
And eating a half a gallon of ice cream isn't conducive to losing weight.
Not too great in the sunshine state.
So I'm no more crap.
You want to make the same pledge right now.
I'll make that pledge.
Yeah.
You're going to wax your ass with pledge, which you take probably a whole can maybe
too.
Here's the poll from Friday.
Name something or someone strictly for pseudo-electules.
Kabbalah.
228.
I don't even have some Jew thing.
I don't know what it is.
It's Madonna and a bunch of other artsy, artsy people.
Oh, let's see what kind of silly designer.
This is the age of designer religion.
So the old fashioned ones, all the other old fashioned puri-tails, they're not good enough.
And by the way, let me ask you this.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, right?
But what did it do in a garden, huh?
What did it do for Eve?
If we weren't supposed to eat the apple, come, we got all these doctors.
Now tell us, oh, you got to have your seven servings, including a nice fresh apple
a day, huh?
I bet you that every person who ever ate an apple, maybe there's the answer right
there.
It's so simple.
You know, sometimes complicated issues, how come we all die?
Maybe everybody who eats one apple will die.
Do you ever think of that?
I like apples.
Me too.
I love the red delicious apples.
I like the green ones myself.
No, I don't have green.
It can be the green apple pricestep.
That's why they call it that.
Not good.
But a nice red delicious apple.
So I'm going to tell you that right now, since Rhonda's health kick released I am.
If you eat an apple, just one.
You'll die.
Think about it.
Is there any argument with that?
There's no argument.
Kabbalah 220, a Dennis Miller to 18.
God, do we hate him like for his?
What a jackass.
Polo 119.
I will say this about Dennis Miller.
I didn't like him before.
You know, before we came in political, a right wing, a fanatic, a busher, sucker.
Polo 119, classical music 116, poetry 114.
Oh, let's say a nice poem for the holidays.
Jazz 100.
As in the people who listen to love 94, it's crap.
Suci 69, they've Matthew's band 64, Mensa 63.
Do you know anybody who's a member of Mensa?
No.
Good.
Chess 60, opera, where's that opera?
Opera 59, Jeopardy 56.
Anybody there watch Jeopardy?
Yes.
Love Jeopardy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Real wheel of fortune fan like you and your cell.
And I just, just to pass it by, George, you must begin some pretty good crap these days,
huh?
That's gotta be it.
You love Jeopardy?
Jeopardy is great.
Jeopardy is awesome.
56, for Suits.
4 in film is 51, Paris 48, inside the actor's studio, which ends Lipton 44.
Fang Shwe 42.
Vakarah 41.
Now, there's a game the author's learned to play beast Vakarah.
He's on the phone.
He's on the phone doing what?
I don't know.
He's on the phone.
He's on the cell phone.
Yeah, he's taking a call right now.
Get out of here, he's taking a call in the middle of the show, he's taking a call
on his cell phone.
You'll be with you in a minute.
Get out of here.
Because Vakarah has got to do with the number nine.
Yeah, who was that on the phone?
It was, it was wedding stuff.
It was what?
Wedding stuff.
The New Yorker magazine 38, line 33, when is your wedding?
In the summer.
NPR 32, bridge 26, 2001, a space Odyssey 18, Paul Fitchin 18, Caribbean, Fusias and 15,
Art Show's 12, Pink Floyd 12, yoga 11, Blair Witch Project 11, Volvo's 10, Steeley
Dan 9, Zen 6, PBS 3, and the Shining, Solomente Dose, only two.
George and I rip in that movie and ask, but I guess I guess these people liked it.
Do you like the Shining?
I never, I never, I never saw it.
He liked Caribbean through the others, I did.
I love Caribbean through the others.
Well, I never assumed it, so I can't come in.
And did you see the Shining?
Yes.
And it was okay.
It was okay, but it was like much highly overrated and it was really pointless.
Red rum, red rum, red rum.
Let's just do that until two o'clock, red rum.
All we do have to interrupt at 11 o'clock for the Pat Riley press conference, not 20
o'clock.
It will be on the internet either, those of you listening, remember?
What was that press conference that we had?
That they stuck on the...
It's George Arradi.
Oh, yeah, it was for the Marlins, yeah.
George Arradi.
It's going to be the Marlins manager.
What?
That was going to knock the Marlins, but I took it back.
We'll get to the pool.
We already did the...
What do you mean you took it back?
He was going to manage what used to be the Marlins.
Right.
Now he's managing a shadow, a little girls team.
Right.
He said, you can say maybe it will knock the broadcast fees down quite a bit and off
to.
There's no way...
These people have to be crazy to pay them for a majorly broadcast rights fee when they're
putting like a double-a-team out there at best.
But anyway, so we interrupted on the internet, so all our people online got screwed up.
We're not going to happen today.
We're not carrying it on the air.
We're not carrying it on the internet, see there.
Left the other place to have Pat Riley.
Okay, and is here and that the...
It's said the Golden Steam Rosenberg, whatever his name is from the year.
And OJ, who don't belong on the air just to say hello and goodbye.
And I'm going to tell you, if I ever have to see, I will actually, my 46-inch Samsung
HD, which I love, I will throw a brick through it if I ever see Shannon Sharp again.
Don't watch TVF again.
Listen to me.
How can he be on the air?
If a white guy was on there in Blackface like Al Zorke, you know what I'm saying?
Doing that routine.
The NAACP would be on the phone.
They'd be like picketing CBS.
They'd be outside carrying on like maniacs.
He cannot be on the air.
You dark folks out there.
How can you allow that to go on, man?
He is...
I don't even know what...
I don't want to say inarticulate, I don't want to say like...
He's just scary is what he is.
He can't speak.
He cannot speak.
And you know it.
I hear your Schmerkland there in a back.
You just don't want to say it.
He cannot speak.
No, he's not putting he word.
He does.
He doesn't belong.
I don't give a crap.
There's plenty of Blackjobs who are articulate.
They could speak.
He's not one of them.
Shannon not so sharp, my god.
Get off my TV.
You maniac.
Scary guy.
Anyway, 1042 at QA.
And by the way, if you see Fat Boy in all way,
just knock him down.
You know, yank his walker.
Just knock him down.
There's just a walk some pop down on the floor.
Not a knife.
He's not nice.
You're right.
He's not one of these guys just sailing his way through life.
And the truth is, when you're here to compare,
you'll see why Ford is the best-selling brand of vehicles
in the USA.
And it's how Florida only deals with a shop
that is Armstrong Ford of homestead.
The holidays are upon us.
Maybe your car was damaged during the hurricane.
Maybe you just want to get yourself a great new ride
for the holidays or for whatever.
Well, that was the time to get on down
and see our friend, David Rich,
and let him put your ass behind the wheel
of a new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford, a homestead,
they got some great offers and incentives.
Get $1,000 cash back or financing is low as 0%
on a Ford 500 of freestyle.
Get $5,000 cash back on Explorer expedition.
How about $2,000 cash back on the scape
and $2,500 cash back on focus, certain restrictions apply?
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford,
you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries
for life program.
That's right, tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford
will guarantee the best price.
And like I always tell you, they'll treat you great
with velvet gloves because they want to make you happy
and make you a customer for life.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace,
no bait and switch, no foany deals.
So if you want the best price going
and the best deal all the way around,
call David Rich at 305, 247-5112
and tell him you want the Neal deal.
Armstrong Ford, a homestead located at 307-25 South
Fixie highway, 20 easy minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com
and then drive a little bit extra, maybe just a few miles,
but save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.60 QAF.
The new one.
In record stores now,
it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McFeel purges all the Christmas favorites.
Ali McFeel purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
10.2713 before the monstic.
Look at our award-winning schedule here today.
We got the mole-myster back from broadcasting
the Patriots devastating victory over the bills
in Buffalo yesterday.
He did the National Broadcaster, tell me.
I'm radio. Yes.
Nice going, Mo.
And we still hate you like poison.
A mad dog, 4 to 7,
the only 7 at 10 o'clock tonight.
And then indicate 10.
A pristine sketch.
We got Noah ball games.
We got no path again.
We got no nothing.
We got Noah, a apparently press conference.
Apparently he's going to be the coach in the heat again
for the 400th time.
Van Gundy resigned for personal reasons,
but again he got fired.
This is a new deal, especially in South Florida.
Nobody ever gets fired.
They resign for personal reasons.
Right? They step down.
Like Don, like to choose my city brain stem.
Same thing.
Got canned.
Oh, he retired for personal reasons.
1412 votes on the poll about the Marlins
speaking of which Miguel was about to take a wicked shot at
and then he realized he better not do it
because he needs the paycheck.
Correct.
What's your take on a Marlins fire sale?
And I use the term fire sale loosely
because it was way beyond that.
Like they just a eviscerated the ball club.
I couldn't give a Schmidt less 515.
That was my vote.
515.
It's a slap in the face of the real fans 279.
Screw the Marlins 242.
By the way, our goal today is a thousand votes on a poll.
But since I put it up there on Friday night,
we have 1416 already.
Nice going.
Pack your bags, boys.
You're all done here.
238.
No problem.
I'll still support the team.
99, 6.9%.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
Out of over 1400 votes, 99 say no problem.
I'll still support this horse ball team.
And you know something, those people are part of the problem.
See those people would tell you, oh, were the real fans.
We'll stick with them.
Try to know you're the problem because when owners do this
with franchises, that's when people should like rebella.
Nobody shows up.
When you agree with that, well, nobody's showing up.
Anyways, that would this last season.
You're telling me nobody showed up?
The attendance was still way down.
Team you ready for up and ready over.
Washed in a major leagues, I would agree with that.
But certainly better than the previous season
when it was like minus in front of all the attendance figures,
minus.
Or they could just do like they're famous for doing.
They could make the panties do.
Just triple it.
Triple it at 5,000.
I'll never go again, 29.
And bot season tickets are on my money back, 12.
We got 12 people of bot season tickets.
Well, good luck to you because you're not getting your money
back.
They're telling you not only are they not
going to give you your money back,
but they're raising ticket prices this year.
How do you like that?
As a slack in the face, huh?
We're going to put a horse ball product out there.
But because you people won't build us a stadium.
We're going to like stick it to even worse.
We're going to increase the prices.
I would pack them a bunch of sandwiches.
I'd call up right now, call up the Lightning City
subs, get them a whole tray load of sandwiches,
and put them all on a bus and say bye-bye, boys.
Because man, if there's anything that if anybody
is ever a scooter or even waned into it quite like this,
did he?
When he had the fire sale?
Well, he did it worse.
He did it worse?
What can he do?
It was all they got left is Don Travolos and Cabrera.
The only two people they got on the team
and at bomb guy, whatever is name it,
well, that didn't do more people than we're left in any way.
Well, they screwed the fans, man.
So even he admits it, even squeaky from.
We did it.
What other hell's name is?
I think Delilah must have cut his hair short, too,
because he sure, somebody devolved that clown.
So that's the deal we're cutting back.
And this is not the time to be doing it,
because it's the holidays.
There's always some excuse.
It's the fourth of July.
Everybody's having barbecues.
It's Labor Day.
We're having a big picnic in the backyard.
We're picking up.
It's Thanksgiving.
We're eating like 75 pounds of turkey and stuffing
and all these other refined carbohydrates there.
The potatoes and all that.
So, huh?
Mm, stuffing.
Yeah.
Kill ya.
It's my favorite part, but it's a killer.
And then of course, now it's Thanksgiving
and Chinooka New Year's server was going to be just
another excuse and do whatever you want.
You know, it's a free country to a point,
or at least it used to be.
Before these Nazis took it over,
but do whatever you want.
How do you give up lockies?
I don't, I haven't had lockies, man.
And I've had a long time.
I don't even know where, I have no idea
where I would even go and get potato pan.
Well, maybe I could find one, I'm sure.
Quite a Jews here, but I don't know
where there's a good deli.
Maybe Rimmer will come up and take me on a 40 mile ride
to some deli where you break your knees,
sitting down at the table.
Maybe we'll go through that again, but I hope not.
The rise of deli new diseases such as SARS and Burj
though could be linked to the destruction
of the environment, the WH, said on Friday.
Human health is strongly linked to the health
of ecosystems which meet many of our most critical needs.
Maria Naira, director of WHOs Department of Protection
of Human Environment, told a news conference
at the launch of a new report.
Well, maybe it's almost launch time, Vist.
Now you guys getting food in there today, I sure hope not.
That's why Georgia sick all the time.
I'm not hungry.
Since they're eating crap, he goes out there
and smokes a big fat one and he comes back in
and sits there and eaten and eaten and eaten and eaten
and shablin' all like crap man.
Then he tell me about his wild BMs and all this other stuff.
It's pathetic that this man is always sick.
I think the wife's got something to do with it though.
Stress.
You might want to think about it, Vist.
You might want to reconsider this.
Population growth and economic development
we're leading to rapidly, you know,
is the your girlfriend a good cook?
The fiat say cannot cook for anything.
Oh, thank God for that.
But I have to say that's a horse
because that means you're gonna be eating out a lot.
I can cook pretty well.
No comment.
Population growth and economic development
we're leading to rapid changes in global ecosystems
and this was affecting human health and reports.
It said natural resources such as water, food, fuel
and climate were important to prevent diseases
and sustain good health as many human diseases
originated animals.
Such diseases including influenza, tuberculosis
and measles established themselves in human populations
after crossing from domesticated animal species
including chickens, cattle and dogs.
As a result of human actions,
the structure and the world's ecosystem
changed more rapidly in the second half of the 20th century
than any other time in human history the report said.
How do you like that?
About 60% of the benefits that the global systems
provided to support life owners were being degraded
and used substantially said the report,
which involved more than 13 of the experts worldwide.
Harmful consequences to human over being felt
and could grow significantly worse over the next 50 years.
Well, it's a good thing for some of us
that we're all going to be dead pretty soon
because it's going to be really ugly what's going on.
It's going to be nasty and they're going to say,
oh, how do this happen?
Why must be another act of God?
He must be pissed off.
Stephanie Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Daniel.
What do you know?
Speaking of guys that died this week
and I don't know if you ever heard of a pizza place
down here in Miami called Frankie's pizza.
Sure.
A poor Frank passed away this week and on Saturday.
Geez, this was a bad weekend for people dying, you know?
Oh, serious.
I was just there on Saturday having some pie wondering
where his daughter was and that turns out
that poor old man passed away.
What a nice guy was.
Yeah, the people I see the nice people die early
and the bastards look to be 100.
Absolutely.
It's like I'm getting too much also that I have myself
a pint of one of those hot and not ice cream just week.
Oh, no more man.
Make that the last one.
Trust me.
I just I can't.
No, no, no, no, no.
You cannot see that's what I say too.
It may have been dictated to sugar, it's an excuse.
Don't do it.
You get that big spoonful in your mouth.
Don't do it, man.
I'm telling you.
You're so cranky, man.
You saw what happened to him.
That's right.
All right, I'm going to wait.
You see that?
No more.
No, my, baby.
No, my, Tomas.
No more discoloured gluttony.
And anybody who doesn't believe in the Atkins diet
you full of crap.
Let me just say this to you, even if you don't lose weight on it,
if you really stick to it, which is very difficult,
but if you stick to it, it'll get that blood sugar
and your triglycerides down and you'll live
another 20 years.
As long as you don't fall down on a frozen sidewalk
like Dr. Bob, not a good deal.
Not a good idea to fall down on the frozen tundra
and going into a coma.
Anyway, here's the article about gene McCarthy.
Well, nobody, nobody listening except the old folks
like me have any idea who he was.
How could, you know, how could all this happen so fast?
You know, Vietnam came and went and 58,000 kids came
and body back.
I say it came and went.
It took a hell of a long time.
Like about 15 years.
Now let's see, 63, about the 12 years.
And another war based on lies.
It was totally unacceptable, totally for no reason at all.
And another hard-ass prison who would admit
that he was a full of crap, Johnson.
Just like we got now, although Johnson
listed some good things in the civil rights movement,
stuff like that.
At least Johnson wasn't like,
all the way west from Texas.
Former Minnesota Senator Eugene McCarthy
was insurgent campaign toppled a sitting president in 68
and forced the Democratic Party to take seriously
his message against the war in Vietnam.
Died Saturday, he was 89, and that's old enough.
When you agree?
Yep.
Not bad.
And not only that, he died in a sleep at the retirement home
in the Georgetown neighborhood where he'd lived
for the past few years as son Michael said,
oh, retirement home, like I said, not good.
You wanted to end a retirement home?
No.
Like in cemetery village?
If they have slots for that, that'd be good.
Yeah.
I'm dying out of here.
Yeah, I can just see it now.
I can just see the beast sitting there at the 20th
at the quarter wheel at the penny wheel affordions.
Waiting for his next spin and it comes up at 20, 20 cent.
You know that they actually have,
I can't believe they have penny slot machines?
No.
Yes.
There's a whole bunch of now woodbind.
Penny slot machines.
What kind of sluppers pay?
Well, I guess there's people to get on the bus
and go out there, all those smelly people.
Wow.
I'm not really, because I got that new formula man.
When it's out, you get ahead, you fix an amount.
You know, all depending on how much of a slipper you are,
or if you got a few bucks, you get ahead of certain amount
and you run to the door.
So if you're first spin, you get up that amount.
You're leaving.
If my first spin, I hit like 2000 on the line,
and I've got it.
Not not the first spin, but I mean the first few minutes.
Yeah.
You run to the door and you go out.
I told Hank several months ago, I mean, talk about stupid.
I once went, I'm playing a $5 machines, okay, real fortune.
I put in 300 bucks and over about a 10 minute period,
I get three spins, one for 2500, whatever they were,
the total was 36, I had 3,300 bucks in 10 minutes.
Now what should I have done?
Leave.
Run to the door.
Not leave, run to the door.
But what if I had an X-pan?
What if you're having fun?
See, that's the question.
Are you there just to kill time
or are you there to try to win some money?
Right.
Now the money isn't going to change my life,
but I'm also not there to lose my assy.
So the deal is when you get ahead,
X number of dollars, fill in the blank,
or more, you run to the door.
And I stayed on that day.
I was at 33 bucks in 10 minutes, and I wound up staying.
Oh, I'll just play the dollars
till I get out of 2000, you know,
whatever, assuming you're going to hit something big again,
you know?
Now what if losing that day?
Not good.
Not good.
So in your case, when you got a family
with all the big bucks, your family's got it in a dead,
who's got a real bad gambling problem,
when you get ahead, 10 bucks or more, head for the door.
This is Neil Roberts.
This is 5'16".
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
No, every kid wants
Parrots of checks,
except the balls everywhere.
Now they're tearing their hair
The baby here, the shells,
ones of these, the mouths,
they sold out right away.
Prince must stay in time,
you'll hear your kid whine.
Since it really has to be good to say,
sorry there won't be a damn field of defeat.
Your kid wants this alive.
Strangle will be destroyed
That would be neat.
That's the way it goes.
Yes, I know it goes.
I'm proud of my gun next by...
Walk solid, live at all 3 and plus,
when you get home, won't work anyway.
Who cares?
Live at all 3, a QA.
And I don't want to read too many stories
because Miguel is there today under duress.
This is supposed to be his day off today.
It's okay.
And George calls him,
oh I'm sick and I'm going to go with a fever for a change.
It's getting a little on the ponderous side, George.
Maybe he'll like moved out of the house
to be a good idea.
Probably catching from those panning-ass kids in the wife.
If he moved in with his girlfriend,
that's always a good idea.
Moving with your girlfriend, right?
Yeah.
And go home once in a great while to write some checks maybe
and take a little stress.
That's it.
So the stories that I got,
now here's the choice.
Doug Thompson from Capital Hill Blue,
which is one of our favorite websites.
A Department of Homeland Security admits
air marshals overreacting air-port shooting in Miami.
That's one.
Seven-year-old at the wheel after a hit and run
in Fleming's Burk and Tucky.
That's another.
Dying cop shoots a pranosack from sure you heard that.
That's another one.
Or I'm still Angelina Jolie's lesbian lover.
Which of those stories do you want to hear?
Yes.
What about you, Beast?
I'll take the last one, please.
I see.
This is from the Brit Online, The Sun.
How can we don't get to good stuff in the USA?
I mean, just get crap in American papers.
So many bad papers.
That's why they're all going out of business.
People are tired of reading your crap.
People want to read informative stuff like this.
Absolutely.
Angelina Jolie's lesbian lover has given this one
to the stars' boyfriend Brad Pitt.
There has never been an ending to her and I.
I think there never will be.
Supermodel Jenny Schimitzu adds.
I think we'll continue to have a deep relationship.
It really goes beyond justice sex.
She doesn't say how deep.
Are we out of play how deep is your love by the Bee Gees?
But we won't.
I do have that here somewhere.
Remember it from all of his Bee Gees songs?
I got a whole bunch here too.
That's not playing.
Okay.
Jenny has spoken for the first time about her steamy 10-year relationship
with bisexual Angelina Jolie and her belief that Brad's relationship may be short-lived.
It may be short and the relationship too.
Tattoo Jenny says, oh, she is, oh, man.
Do you know who this is? Have you seen her?
No.
Oh, you don't want to see her?
Oh, come on. Don't ruin it.
Don't ruin it. What?
You wouldn't want to see a bullfrog doing something with this bitch.
Oh, good.
God. She is grotesque and got a big ass ugly tattoo.
Oh, and look what it is.
Wait.
I just realized what I can't say on the ear.
It's like a figure that looks like Wonder Woman writing a fallous shaped spaceship thing.
Well, you don't want to.
I don't want to go in.
I don't want to go in.
I don't want to go out and get a tattoo.
Tattoo Jenny says, she has always had lovers that she relies on.
If she can ring you and you can meet up then she can take care of her.
Then she can take care of her sexual needs.
Whatever she calls me up, I visit her.
It's not always the case that we have sex.
Sometimes we go to a property in Cambodia and explore the jungle.
Oh, I have a good line for that.
But Joyce said that we were off great.
Donnie, I know. Don't sit.
It's definitely more of a deeper friendship.
She's the person I'll always care about, always helping always be there for us.
She says, the very mes, Jenny.
Grotesque.
And now let's see.
In Angelina, Santa, Santa, to be screened in the sky, one Jenny tells an unexplosed to you how the pair have had secretly azons away from prying eyes.
If you leave now you can make it to London in time to watch it.
Not too late. It's five hours ahead.
She has never met Brad, who's split from his wife, friend, star, Jennifer, Aniston to be with Angelina.
Brad and Jennifer are now divorced.
All the signs have been that he wants to stable family.
And family life with his Mrs. Smith co-star even wanting to become the official dad of her two adopted children.
However, from her Calvin Klein model, Jenny has her doubts about what the future holds for Brad.
She says it seems like he comes from a different place.
He wants to have kids. He wants to have a perfect marriage.
She's a tough woman who will do everything she wants to.
I don't think there's any way of controlling Angelina.
She's not going to be just some housewife.
Oh, and then here's a picture of her and Angelina.
Oh, God. She looks like an ugly guy when he comes right down to it.
Now, if I see her, she's wearing like a tank top.
I'm death-per-holy.
Jenny was also an actress, began sleeping with Angelina when they met on the set of the movie,
Drama Fox Fire, which was shot in 1993 in Portland, Oregon.
The pair played lovers.
The model remembers the first time the girl on her own, spilled under in the real life.
She says, I had never been so tender with another person as I was with her.
I was 24-hour experience, many relationships with women before,
and I was in the point of my career where I was very cocky.
During breaks in filming, Fox Fire, I got to sit down with this person, Angelina,
and spend two weeks with her, meeting them and talking in row with them before anything got sexual.
Them, it's the plural. Maybe she's not talking about her breasts.
I actually felt like I was caring about someone much more than just simply having sex.
And I didn't feel there was a straight thrill. I was just betting, and she was going to freak out the next morning.
We had established such a nice relationship. I felt this girl would have me back no matter what.
I knew this person would be loyal and wonderful to me.
Our relationship only got close to the minute that we had finished being together.
I felt intent, I should probably stop reading this, should I?
No.
What we get to point.
Huh? Well, we get to point.
No, no, it's worth continuing.
Okay, sure.
I felt intense emotions. I felt intense emotions from her. From that minute we hung out together.
Angelina had a boyfriend, actor Johnny Lee Miller, but that didn't stop her from starting the lesbian affair.
Johnny, who appeared in East Enders, is Jonathan Hewitt, before heading for Hollywood, married Angelina 96.
They were divorced four years later.
I wonder if he was Kim DeFaster, Hewitt?
Jenny says Johnny knew of their intimate relationship, but still married Angelina, or maybe latent Hewitt's, the tennis player.
When the marriage broke down Angelina said, I probably would have married Jenny if I hadn't married Johnny.
To follow that, we got it following.
Here is Jenny.
Jenny, who last year married Rebecca Looson, a US TV show, because the early days with Angelina, she says we used to visit strip clubs and there was this tension after the second week of filming week finally kissed.
She is beautiful. Her mouth is amazing. I've never kissed anyone with a bigger mouth than Angelina.
It's like two water beds. It's like this big kind of warm, mushy, beautiful thing. Her mouth that is.
She's a gorgeous woman. We were already sleeping together when I met Johnny at Wallon Fossware. She told both of us how she felt, and we all went out to dinner one night.
She was honest, that's how she's been her whole life.
We didn't have a threesome on our way to the end of that. It was a friendship, the three of us had.
But there wasn't very much conversation with Johnny. I think it was very threatened by me. There goes Johnny.
Angelina was 19 at the time she embarked on her first lesbian relationship with the model.
Johnny says she's a very dominant personality. Once she displays love for you, she wants to know how much you care about her.
It's not so much we dressed in leathercapes and masks and there were chains. It was emotional. I would restrain her with my arms, but we didn't get into buying stuff.
We just used whatever props were available if we wanted to. She was a collector of knives and taught me about them.
Johnny has lost count of the number of times she and Angelina have made love. She says it's been an ongoing thing for the past decade.
How safe is Brad with Angelina?
Johnny adds maybe she would settle down and be with one person, but I think she goes looking for excitement all the time.
Her passion is people and it's hard to just settle down with one person when you have a whole world in front of you.
I'm not saying she sleeps with a lot of people, but I can't imagine her just being married and being happy.
So there you go, Angelina is only and it's real me is looking. Oh my God. Holy moly with a big tattoo.
Enough to make you kill yourself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I think that's enough for the prepping out of your good cause in between now and two, don't you think?
Sure, what?
1474 votes. Our goal is 1,000 by two o'clock. See this is the idea. If we start today's pool like a week ahead on the online, then we can sit down and have like 15,000 votes.
3,000,000. Hello. Not there. What a shame. 3,000,000. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Good?
Speaking of Mr. Shannon Sharpe this morning, I thought of a full idea. The worst lush mouth on radio or TV.
Yeah, the hair lip across the street. Joseph Gackie. Joseph Gackie. Who's the hair lip across the street? Who's that?
Have you ever heard fit speak? No. I'm on the I'mus. He sounds a little better than when he more says. I see. I'm not kidding.
Nice move there, Joel. You're doing it, baby. Very good. I'm sure, but I doubt it. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you, sir. There's an idea. Mushmouth. You ever have much mouth? How can we have any more tens on here? I'm looking at the schedule.
I would be surprised how the holidays come in really soon if we start having some real like let's see. Well Curtis and Troy on Friday for a mad dog.
Because mad dogs work in Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. By the way, can you believe that? By the way. Three consecutive days in the same week.
Spy report. Yes. You know who's now working for the other station. For the other station. They're a reporter in the hole.
Oh, the ace in the hole. Yeah. Is that as an ace hole as in Josh Friedman? Oh my God. Wow. Now, is that my psychic powers again coming through talking about fat people?
We're going to be dead pretty soon. Josh freaking fat Friedman. Yeah. He's got more fat on his eyelids than you got on your fat ass.
This is Neil Rogers. This is not to mention the aroma of the completion of coma.
Hey, where you going? Come here. Come here. I want to tell you.
Oh man. Don't you ever take a bath? Where you going?
Where you going?
He's a walking ghost. I'll check it out. I can blow bubbles out of my nose.
And the doctors' fat producing food. I can tell it's my own day. He's here. He's our oozing dad.
I don't like that. As in fact, that's where we'll make him. This is Joe's almighty.
So do I like that time when I'm with you? But everyone's been stuck to him instead.
What's through hallway sideways? And he's covered with garbage all over his head.
Mama said he's off there. He's the king and some young men in the street in the wrong.
We're not too sure what's going on there. Stay away from me.
Josh is free for the staff. He'll think he's money. But he's not standing here. I'm funny.
And then he don't cut me a big.
Josh is free for the American screws. He's got a high belly button and a belly button.
He's got a big bang.
Got so fat his guts exploded.
Yeah.
You can wreck it while all over the room.
There's staples up and down in the pool. Just to hold in all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh is free for the American screws. I don't like that. I think he does. Don't cut me a big.
Josh is free for the American screws.
Don't cut me a big. Don't cut me a big. Don't cut me a big. Don't cut me a big.
I know it. There we go. I know right at the very S&2.
Okay. Well, it's good thing for those square yellows. Oh yeah.
1506. 1596 votes on the pool. What's your take on a Marlon's fire sale?
I couldn't give a Schmidt less 553. A slap in the face to the real fans.
290. Screw the Marlon's 261. Pack your bags. You're all down here. 250.
No problem. I'll still support the team. 108 7.1% of the people out there who just be glad to pay the C-Crap.
I'll never go again. 31 and a bot season tickets. I want my money back 13. That's an unlucky 13 because you ain't getting it.
I bet you that the only person in the building who was really sad to see Josh Freeman go, which is several years ago, and I was the beast.
Why is that? Because it's always going to have somebody fat or more disgusting than you are waddling around.
Oh, that's right. We already did. I forgot about fat boy.
So as long as he's still around. Hi, how are you? You're safe.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Right. Why you don't think Josh Freeman was who was bigger fat boy or him?
It's a tough that you have. I know who's spelled worse. I'll guarantee you that.
How many QAAM? Hello? Is your career a muscle?
That's a whisperer. The whisperer is back. Where you been?
I don't know. Where you been? Yeah, but he doesn't know. Yeah, the whisperer is back.
We sure missed you like a gigantic hemorrhoid. Look at that full man of these people on fire today or what?
I think we should play Vitz between now and Christmas. Don't you want to be between now and New Year's?
Yeah. But that's not the problem. Give you one.
I'm sure you've seen her that or I can go to all these stories here which I have a whole pile of good stuff up with Geller today unexpectedly.
I sure want to get him all bent out of shape. Well, no, you listed off some good stuff.
What do you mean good? So in other words, now I have to run by the headlines and find out if you approve or not.
Oh, no. You got me. You got me. You know that, Mr. Sensor. Mr. Contrarian. Whatever to have you or I go by this week. What screw that?
Good. Golly, Miss Molly. What a way to start the week. I'm sitting here in a just I just I had that feeling.
Well, let's hear about go angel. What? Let's hear about colangelo.
The kid we shot the cop.
WQAM. Hello. Neil, how are you? Pretty good, pal.
Listen, because you read that angel in the article again at another house.
WQAM. Hello.
I'm at work. I have to whisper now. Okay. Good. WQAM. Hello.
Two I am. Hey, that's right. What's up, man? What do you got, pal?
What up into what? There's guys from now, man. What?
Say what? What do you say? I see. That's why I thought he's old. I must have been Shannon. Hey, listen, don't take it personally.
I wish it was a way you could just block certain people off your TV. That's just channels, but just certain people that if they came on to think we're all make like blackout or go to another channel.
Blackout. Yeah, that's what I do when I see Shannon. Sure. If I go to a blackout. Oh, no, that would be a racial card now. Where do you place? Q I am. Hello.
Two I am. Neil. Yes. What excuse you giving us and the ego for losing you more on? No, I see we're talking super bowl because we're the Miami Dolphin. Yes, you know, I got news for you, man. Kiss the ground.
You actually won a couple of games. All these people diluted themselves year after year. If you've never get tired of doing it, either.
They're always the same old repetitive crap. Oh, words were smelling super bowl, baby. We're in our we got to figure out they're going to they're going to sweep the deck and they're going to go nine and seven.
And then the Patriots are going to lose their last three games. Right. In fact, the last game of the season is at the wingland. The dolphins add the wingland. Can you smell it? Can you smell the aroma of that? Now let's see.
The Patriots got three games. I think I got the bucks into wingland line next week. Don't they play the jets again in the dolphins? I believe so. They played the jets again. Well, I just I think a forfeit would be in order.
Thank you. W. A. M. Hello. Now we go to Super Bowl. Although the jet speed open yesterday, which shows you again the national media, clearly just how bad it is. It's it's pretty weak. W. A. M. Hello. Yeah, when that more speak, he makes warm chroma.
Marty, you might win some Churchill. Next one point I couldn't agree more. Have a great life. Yeah, not more. In fact, what does need to do the exhibitionist games that often games in the local community sidelines? Oh, I think you like that. Good guy. Horrible. Just horrible on here. Been below. I'm here for like even to say, Hey, how you doing? And not even that much. Not even a hay part. Line nine is my favorite Q. A. M. Hello. George. Yes. W Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Good afternoon. Good morning. Yeah. Good. I know it's a beautiful day, but anyhow, I heard you and Hank the other morning, you were discussing Gulf Stream. Yeah. Yeah. And for some reason, apparently neither you nor Hank has really attended Gulf Stream. Why is that?
What does that mean? I understand. Well, I mean, they're putting a lot of money into that facility. I haven't done I haven't been to a server. No, why do you work there? You're part of the astronomer.
I don't know. I happen to live in the adventurer areas, sir. And I don't like this type of negative publicity. I don't really care what you like. How do you like that, pal? Well, did you finally get a new wardrobe or? No, I did not. Well, this is the wardrobe. When you got some new material, let's hear it. Oh, this is what I want to say about my wardrobe. How about my bathrobe? I think that's what you want. What are you wearing right now? I'm wearing a pants in a shirt and an undershirt until you know socks. What color? That color? Kind of fabric. Brindle. Yeah, this is the guy. I find a guy. So,
I don't know what's here. Looking to start up, you know, Mr. Contrarian. And we already got Miguel. Okay, we don't need you to craft today, pal. Gulf Stream. Forget about Gulf Stream. It's pathetic. It's a plan. I'm not 90 yet. If I make it till 90, then I'll attend Gulf Stream. And I'll open up by racing form. I'll wait till about 20 seconds to post time. Maybe I'll go to the window and I'll open up the form. Now, I've like 40 people behind me dancing from one foot to the other, trying to get a bed in before the bell goes off and a race starts. And I'll stand there with the formal. But wow, give me the one. Oh,
over to 478. Now wait a minute. Give me a yeah, like that. That's why we don't go to Gulf Streams. They're okay. It is obnoxious and addition. And maybe it'll be fine after they spend all that money. What's that guy to do with the past history? Okay. They're going to spend all of this money and they're going to build a police. Oh, great. Let me know how it looks when it's done. I know the beast will be there. In fact, you can go right on the way home. You can head right up the Hershey highway. Go right up Federal Highway. They don't have the slots yet. No, and six months in the summertime. Oh, yeah, yeah. Trust me. I'll be there. Yeah, right after your way.
Okay, try to save a little. It takes them at winning money. Some of that funding money to take a right up to the Gulf Stream. Plunge your guts out. Just go into five. Don't waste your time. Go to the $5 wheel of fortune slots. And just send it in, man. Like my friend Derek says, don't be afraid. Send it in. Plunge your guts out. And in your case, that's a big plunge. 27 past 11 and five. So if you get all our good friends today, man, this is this is South Florida during the holiday season. The warmth. The camaraderie. This is
why you got to love it. Bein out of there. I mean, I have in town you for a long time. Many, many, many years of I've tried concepts and they're fantastic.
I do for you for cleaning your carpets and making looks just like brand new with a holiday season here. It's time to make the call to have
the home completely sanitized and not just the carpets either because dry concepts also specialize in a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, drape recleaning, oriental rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments,
master's, mattress clean, get rid of those dust mites and let's more. And during the month of December, dry concepts has a special offer that will keep you sleeping like a baby. No matter how you clean your home, it's almost impossible to eliminate those nasty dust mites. You can't see them, but they're there. And you know that
dust mites are the number one cause of allergies as well. So do yourself and your family a humongous favorite. Get rid of those dust mites today by calling dry concepts. What do you do? You're carpeting your
poultry leather furniture drape or oriental rug or this month special dust mites cleaning the only company ought to be calling his dry concepts. They do a fantastic unbeatable job every time they give you a written guaranteed price upfront. You can't beat him with a stick.
And they'd rather than the Palm Beach is called dry concepts tool free 1 800 248 5071. That's 1 800 248 5071 around the wicked web dry concepts dot com.
And I strategically measure what's your brand.
Cream is the double shot. I have one cup of morning man.
And I think I should be in this way when with a coffee with a coffee and your caffeine.
You probably think this song is about you your caffeine. I'll bet you think you die with a coffee. Don't you don't you.
33 it's not really that funny of a bit but I just like to song you know. When you agree agree. What's not to like about Carly Simon.
DHS report admits air marshals overreacted near port shooting rights dark Thompson capital hill blue. Although the department claims otherwise publicly a confidential internal report within the Department of Homeland Security admits air marshals overreacted when they gun down a Florida man at MIA last week.
We all remember vividly like was only a moment ago right. The report which may never be released publicly confirms that preliminary interviews with witnesses conflict with these statements of the air marshals who claim that rigor bear to Alpizar.
Shout out he had a bomb when a bomb as he stormed off a plane and a jet weight the airport. Although witness statements contain conflict the information.
Not of those interrogated following incident collaborate any utterance by the suspect that he either possessed or intended detonate an explosive device to report says. No bomb.
At Department of Homeland Security source unhappy with what he calls the agencies blatant attempt to whitewash this incident. Disco the contents of the report to capital hill blue.
Publicly DHS and the air marshals service claim that the two agents who brought down Alpizar and the Hela Boets from their 357 six-hour handguns acted within guidelines for handling potential terrorist activities.
He was belligerent he threatened that he had a bomb in his backpack cleaned Brian Dural DHS spokesman the officers clearly identified themselves in the old item to get down get down and steady made a move for the backpack.
I think anybody with a backpack on the label just shoot him.
Can you read?
Amazing unusual and threatening when you see a guy traveling with a backpack extremely unusual. I travel with a backpack like I said.
But Alpizar oh my can you just imagine the explosion if he took one in the perfect Alpizar a 44 year old naturalizer.
The American citizen from Costa Rica suffered from bipolar disorder and hadn't taken his prescription medicine to control a condition.
The home depot employee who lived in mainland Florida did not have a bomb and witnesses on the scene to speak to marshals claim that he shouted that he did have one.
I can tell you he never said a thing in that airplane never called out yet a bomb says fellow passenger Jorge Borrelli at Orlando architect.
He just wanted to get off the plane says past your John McElaney. He adds that Alpizar was clearly agitated but said nothing about a bomb.
I never heard the word bomb until the FBI asked me did you hear the word bomb.
McElaney says other federal officer stormed on the plane pointing guns and passengers and demanding they put their hands in front of them.
I was on the phone with my brother somebody came down the aisle and put a shotgun to the back of my head and said put your hands on the seat and front of you put your gland in the hands of the man.
I got myself on karate chopped out of my hand. McElaney says the air marshals claimed Alpizar or whatever his name is.
He just failed to get on the ground with the man that instead reached into a bag he was carrying.
McElaney says the bag was a fanny pack. Oh if you see a guy with a fanny pack you can't get on the ground with a fanny pack.
He said you have to move it to the side. Another passenger says Alpizar appeared agitated but not threatening. His wife was telling him calm down but other people get on the plane.
It will be all rights as Alan true pack. I thought maybe he's afraid of flying. Jim Bauer especially didn't charge the air marshals orifice in Miami claimed the killing was justified.
The threat presented itself and we believe was necessary to use deadly force Bauer said. But that's continue with those who witness the incident and those doubts are expressed in internal VHS memo that may never see the light of day.
The government across the week is officially demanded an investigation explanation the killing of Alpizar.
President Pacheco said the shooting resulted from American paranoia about terrorism and he just might be absolutely correct.
5.670560.560 and they've risen singular wireless lines. But these phones are really with it. It must be because Georgia's out sick you think that's it. That's got to be it. It's our fault.
WQAM. Hello. See not even airline one QAM. Hello. Good morning. How are you? When I see you. Listen I I'm glad you read that article because the more I think about this guy on the plane the more I think through cares.
I really don't care. This is what happens. This is a price. He was wearing his backpack around the front to with a little peculiar. This is this is a price of what I don't know what that means. Well you know and let me tell you something.
I'm at least as liberal as you are but it would come to stuff on planes. You remember Senator named Bantar Ki who made a crash. You're out of bomb in the 70s. Yeah.
I believe they cart his butt to jail. You know they know shoot him. Now they shoot him because well you know it was 911 excuse for everything I know but if this guy didn't do what he was told and and this not what about the guy in London in the in the
Q. That I overracked and he also had a backpack. Don't you remember that he had a backpack and bought a bank and then they lied about that. They made up all kinds of crap that he said he never said any of it.
I think I it's called overreaction baby it's called trigger happy it's called crazy people overreacting well all things consider I think we're lucky we've gone four years before anybody got wasted in an airport if you know what I mean I mean four months four years since 911 surprises the first guy they've taken down.
Yeah well I'm sure that his family feels exactly the same way. Okay good luck to pal. Wow. Yeah that's right. It's always going to have to be somebody be the first one right.
Somebody's got to break the ice. Somebody's got to do that's right. Break the ice. Break the seal. You got it.
Fleming's bird Kentucky police got a surprise when they stopped a van following hit and run crash on Kentucky's mountain parkway a seven year old boy was at the wheel sitting on his father's land.
Seven year old boy now I don't know about you but I have seen in my lifetime in various neighborhoods I've seen people in there generally in pickup trust but not always I've seen people with their little kids driving they're sitting like we said it's one thing to teach your kid to drive we all we all got talked to drive by our parents release most of us right but when you're like ten years old or in an S.K. 7 not a good idea.
Remember that little girl that was flying the plane what that was her name. How you remember the one yeah. Oh she was like how old was she six. He was six or seven. Yeah. Was she really.
We got a bit about that somewhere in here but at any rate. This kid was seven years old he was at the wheel but he was sitting on daddy's lap Donald Everett Waters thirty-nine of Fleming's bird faces two felony counts of wanton endangerment and numerous other charges found when the incident Friday afternoon.
When police cut up with the van on I-64 in Kentucky waters was working the foot pedals and the son Cody was on his lap steering.
Clark County Sheriff Deputy Ricky S.D. said he described waters as semi conscious.
He was in Florida for crying out. I mean he was in Kentucky. Same difference. I just wasn't conscious. There you go. Jessica Dubbroth by the way.
I beg your pardon. Seven year old Jessica Dubbroth. She was seven. Yeah. I wonder if you make it but she was seven. Oh I know we got a bit I just don't know what the hell it's called.
Is it called child pilot. Is that the one that's what it is. That said it's coming up soon. Anyway Walters through a waters three year old son was also in the van as he said he said he said it appeared waters have been living out of the vehicle.
He was and guess where he was going to the store. He was on route to Florida and he said his son was going to get him there. His son was going to grab him Florida.
The children were taken by social services waters meanwhile faces several charges including resisting arrest carrying a concealed deadly weapon leaving the scene of an accident and driving out of the influence but other than that.
It was just five. Seven year old kid a little little trouble controlling that baby. 1553 votes on a pool. It's not looking good for your feelings about your Florida marlins.
I'm just feeling superman for those fish that gust of rock man. He just picked them apart yesterday like like mincemeat.
One of the beautiful thing if you're a dolphin. That was sweet.
1553 votes. What's your take on a Marlins fire sale. I couldn't give a Schmidt less five sixty six. It's a slap in the face of the real fans three oh one.
Screwed a Marlins 273 pack your bag boys you're all done here 257. No problem. I'll still support the team. 113 7.2% 113 people who obviously have no life. They got nothing better to do than watch a little league baseball.
I'll never go again 34. Bought season tickets about my money back as in right now lucky 13. This is me. I got to a spot. Don't I see if I you were going to catch me there.
Yeah. He was excited. I don't know if you had the pot open by it did actually hit the mouse to get good on the earth.
She said you're a bastard. Decadon. Oh what a shame. So that was you close the pot. No breaks. Who's running the board me and you close the pot from here when you run the board.
No other than you just didn't hear it. You were paying me attention. Well that's good. So during an outbreak which is your I'm going to drop in there.
18 till noon at 2 a.m. the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet. We're phased rated not just by me but by Zagat restaurant review and our every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermometer or style and every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest would last can snow crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters and a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30 items looking back at you the Emerald Coast also serve New York steaks juicy and delicious cooked order the way you love me and handcar prime rib and on the weekends for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast famous gigantic 40 inch chocolate found and you can hand dip your own strawberry is marshmallow all kinds of decadent treats just stick them in there.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast for more self-delivering no crap the MSD no cornstarch they cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free canola oil and don't forget also that the Emerald Coast will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas day.
Three can be in locations to serve you there in sunrise and hours Beach Pembre Pines 954 572 3822 make reservations now for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day at the Emerald Coast for real holiday pick out 954 572 3822.
This is Neil Rogers this is 5.16.8.
All the slime all the time critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
I do a week.
Christmas.
Just one more time.
You know yes and no wax music presents Elmer Fudds Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells Jingle bells Jingle all the way.
Oh what fun is to hide in a one-horse open swear.
Oh what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved hunter of rabbits.
Love the when nose Wayne deer have a very signing nose and if you ever saw it you would even say it well.
Elmer Fudds Christmas classics not available in stores and when you receive your seven-amail you'll know why.
Hello everybody I sure hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll free 1 800 but operators are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town.
148 12 minutes till noon I say we play all day a holiday classics between now and midnight.
Go for it.
Every day between now and New Year's.
Let's hear it.
Well there's no calls on the board might as well 5 6 7 0 5 6 is going to be pretty grim and lean the remainder of the year.
And of course all these all these people are on the plane they're on a way somewhere you know for the holidays right.
I wish.
Why the driving is bad.
No I could you know what I was like a plane on a car somewhere.
All the snowboards are back again but all the Floridians they were smart they got out of town.
Oh by the way yes I'm at a toll booth last night.
I'll go out of the turnpike and the woman's there for like at least 10 minutes and I see them going back to the 4th to the 12th person.
And I pull up to the toll booth after she was oh I had to explain to them what a toll was someone from Canada.
It was horrible.
Now when it from Quebec probably some sheep yeah yeah to their children French Quebec play oh probably who sheep skate.
Oh yeah they really are they're pathetic they make the ducts look generous.
WCWAM hello.
QAM.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir speaking.
Hey Neil good morning how are you?
Great.
I listen to you every morning and I believe it was Friday left the car with your station on after listening to you.
They get back into the car so about 9 o'clock at night.
Turn the radio on.
Yeah.
I don't know who was speaking but oh my goodness I think I could have done a better job on the radio.
I would be surprised if it was Lenny Martez.
Let me know listen to this.
Take the mystery out of it they call a truck of Miami.
Does that sound like that?
Yeah.
That was Lenny Martez.
I was you know it was so exhausting to listen to but it was almost compelled to listen because it was so bad.
Yeah it was camp.
In fact we're going to send Lenny to camp pretty soon.
Hopefully he won't come back.
All right Neil have a good day.
Good luck to us Pally.
Like I said at the start of the show tonight I'm not saying this is to be amusing or to be a bitch here or whatever.
We got more people on the year who don't belong on the year and that's because it's a Bush league market.
At that time it was big old but he sounds just fine.
It was who?
Big old.
No he's not talking about big old.
He's talking about what it is.
9 o'clock on Friday.
Well whatever time it was was Lenny Martez on Friday night early he with no?
No.
Are you sure?
I am sure.
Well the big old isn't belonging on either.
So if he didn't like the big O on the year he really would have loved Lenny Martez.
Now the big old he speaks in a spanglish baby talk.
Well you like it because you know you understand what he's saying.
First the thief.
He's a pretty embarrassing.
No.
But we got a lot of other people.
It's just a doonah.
For example on Thursday I'm looking at this week's schedule after three very tough shows in a row of mad dog.
Who needs a long rest after three shows.
All of the one on Tuesday is only two and a half hours because of the panther game.
But we got Joe Zagaki on for mad dog from smoky bones on Thursday and everybody knows.
Joe Zagaki sucks okay.
I will be sworn say because he's got his head up Joe's butt for whatever reason I'm not really sure.
Huh?
Yeah exactly.
I mean Joe doesn't belong on here.
He's got a you know he needs a personality transplant.
Although he sure makes those hurricane games very exciting you know.
Don't you just everybody in town looks at when he goes.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh my.
See when you when you had the personality of a adult and then you try to be exciting.
No that's a bad mistake.
Both Yolkies have the ability to be exciting but he's like he's going to go all right.
Now he's doing the opposite.
Like a spoiled a petal and child.
Now once you're calm and we have it in the beast on for while about Yolkies performance on the panther games.
Well I think he's doing a great job actually.
Like I said the beast knows nothing about hockey or hockey broadcast but that's okay.
Well he's doing a phenomenal job.
No question about it.
We all agree on that right.
5 6 7 0 5 you said you're so full of crap.
You are the worst hypocrite I've ever known in my life.
There's not even anybody close to you.
You throw off the air.
You're a fucking heavy duty.
It's a miracle that you're inside.
Don't explode.
God.
Always the same thing.
It was because you're afraid of your job.
I think you're safe.
I don't think Hank is about the only guy you ever worked with.
It hasn't constantly said let's get him off the show.
It's a valid point.
Joe Rose was always saying let's get him off the show.
He's getting off it.
And the Ferrari.
You're a good friend for all.
You're like you're going to smoke and dope with it.
He's the same thing.
We're always blaming you for his failures.
Somebody QA and hello.
Hey what's going on Neil?
How you doing sir?
Good.
Just a question that says in bugging me.
And maybe you can give it some insight.
Although I don't know if you watched it a lot.
It's some of these talks during the day.
These talks show it's during the day.
And it seems like all they have on it is sparked of ingorium.
And I don't know.
I'm Jewish myself.
And it's like I know that none of us are themselves.
It is written in the tourister that Jews don't grow on the TV talk shows.
Okay.
That should answer your question.
It is written.
Now it's the answer for me.
It is written.
But your primitive ignorant superstitious fools wrote a bunch of crap.
Well the good book says here we are the year 2005.
If you want to know the reason that the human race and the globe is in the shape it's in today is because thousands of years later we're still allowing the masses our asses out there.
And they're still allowing their ramblings and writings of primitive stupid ignorant superstitious morons to take.
The way we are attitudes toward each other.
It is so written and does it is a right the good book what's good about it all the murder and bloodshed and the beginning and beginning most of which was like insesuous.
Speaking of that speaking of being good to each other a young police officer dying from a bullet to his chest shot two burglars early Saturday one of them identified as an actor who played a misfit monster on the sopranos.
I just don't watch that show.
I mean people are missing out the brunt.
Huh? You're missing out.
Why?
It's so good because they say capa cool.
Is that it?
What's the well?
There's a lot of guidos on it.
I don't know what's on.
I mean it's on here.
I could watch it.
In fact it seems like it's on every five minutes on my cable there but I don't watch it.
Officer Daniel N. Chegui and Chowdagui.
I don't know what his name is.
It's a good long name.
28.
Collapsed in the driveway of his Bronx home and died shortly afterward.
The wounded suspects were quickly captured and investigators identified one as little
Brancato Jr.
An actor without his brick in the Robert De Niro directed film of Bronx Tale in 93 and played
Doom and Bob wannabe, Matt Bevelakwa during the 99 2000 season of the sopranos.
Brancato 29 of the Oscars was also arrested.
I wonder if Bullet Bob Myers still called an arrest of the Oscars.
No he's not.
He's at the serothogabilly.
Brancato 29 of the Oscars was also arrested in June for a ledger's hero in possession.
Police commissioner, oh look out that's DNF Norman.
Do plays there.
DNF do plays.
Just fell down.
Police commissioner Ray Kelly said the actor and other man were breaking into a vacant homeman
in Chowdagui who had just finished the late night shift, heard the sound of smashing glass next door.
And Chowdagui was off duty in his street clothes that ordered his landlord and dialed 9-1-1 to report a possible burglary in progress.
Then he grabbed his badge in the gun when I had to investigate.
The landlord heard him shout, police don't move.
Followed by a birth to gunfire.
Followed by a gang.
The alleged government, Stephen Armento of Yonkers, was shot four times and was in serious condition.
Brancato who police said was on Armento was shot twice and was in critical condition.
Police said Armento went to lengthy history of arrest on weapons, drugs and burglary charges,
and was running with a murder weapon when an officer spotted him and whatever the guy's name,
home in order to stop.
How you like that?
Because of the injuries that were no immediate plans to arrange the suspects,
and Stephen reached spokesman for the DA, he said he had no information about whether the suspects had lawyers and would have come at.
I like that.
There's a guy that was playing a slime ball and turned into one.
That would be a good hold of take.
Well, I think we've done that one though, about who didn't have to act too much and what role in a movie?
Huh.
In other words, somebody that was playing our character that was very much like them.
So like Tony Perkins and Psycho would be a good example.
Oh, okay.
Sue and Sam got it.
Or like didn't also Tony Perkins play Jimmy Pierce all the Jimmy Pierce all the story who was like,
but I don't like that.
So Tony had to have it a plane like erratic crazy people because Tony was a little strange and also of course was there.
But then this is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.28.
How did it end this portion of the Neil Rogers in 12-1 hour?
It's brought to you by Deleted 12.
One-two-three-four-five-six-seven-eight-five-seven-eleven-tweld.
So like this is a pizza.
All for me, an air cup cup cup cup cup cup cup.
All right.
She only was seven when she ordered in on through two more coverage for CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to avoid.
Trash, which mother said she died with joy.
Her stupid child.
I'm tired of her hair.
Child, I'm tired of your two young two-fire.
You're never, never, never gonna say nine.
Now the white trash, which mother must live through her son.
But he says that, flyin'.
Don't seem as much fun.
Still she says you have to do it for me.
Now help me set up my new white screen TV.
Child, I'm tired of your child.
I'm tired of your two young two-fire.
You're never, never, never gonna say nine.
Child, I'm tired of your two young two-fire.
So I looked it up, I did the same thing as you I Googled it.
And here's the story was dated March 4th, 1997.
But I must have been for the early days on QA on this horse ball station, you know.
I was doing the show on QA when it happened.
I remember just like it was only yesterday.
The NTSB, and this is the story from then.
The NTSB found today that the April 96th fatal crash of a small,
a wait a minute, then he sixth, 96.
Well how the hell is that possible?
Because I was on here when it happened on this station.
Let's see, 96, is that possible?
No, you were not here, 96.
I wasn't? No.
I was an I old D, I guess it was an I would be.
The April 96th fatal crash, now how do you know when I was on Mr. Hot Shot?
I just remember.
Oh boy, you're starting to sound like that guy from Lutz.
I'm like that.
Now you're right though.
Anyway, April 96th fatal crash of a small, fine carrying,
seven-year-old Jessica Dubroff was probably caused by the pilots
to soon take off in bad weather.
I'd like to see how about the first seven-year-old kid to fly a commercial jet,
loaded with passengers.
When that'd be great?
No.
I can just see now on that big 747 on the way from Toronto to Amsterdam.
And usually the Dutch crew, the pilot, will say,
come and crew, take your seats.
You know, right before we're going to start taking off.
Come and crew, take your seat.
I can just hear, come and crew, take your seats.
Like some little kid, you know, coming over to PA.
I think at that point I bust the window and I jump out.
Oh, it's kind of hard to squeeze for one of the little tiny windows.
Just don't have your backpack on the wrong way.
Yeah, that's not a good idea to have your backpack when you're trying to squeeze out the window.
All three people in the system of 177B were killed just after takeoff
from a small part in a shy and white woman.
As a pilot trainee, see, this is what the world is all about, crazy people.
As a pilot trainee, Jessica was trying to become the youngest person to complete
a transcontinental flight, her father and her flight instructor, Joe Reed,
also died in the crash.
I'm dying on my hands.
Investigators believe that fatigue and media attention may have contributed
to an improper decision to take off in bad weather.
Yeah, may have.
Remember, there was a big, oh, she's got another appearance to make.
Oh, we got a catch that we got to fly this thing.
We got to make an appearance in Wisconsin.
Remember that?
Actually, you don't.
No.
However, Jessica's mother, Lisa Hathaway, said we'd had excellent judgment
and wouldn't have taken off under dangerous conditions.
She said she felt it was more likely that a mechanical failure caused the fatal crash.
And by the way, she's really enjoying that big screen TV.
The wreck touched off the bait about whether somebody so young
should be attempting to set a cross-country record.
Oh, I see, attempting to set a record as opposed to flying a plane, right?
But NTSB investigator Malcolm Brenner said,
autopsy reports existed that at the very least, Reed was assisting the girl
in the takeoff sequence and likely had control over the wheel to the time of the crash.
Doesn't that make you feel a lot better about things then?
It's like that little seven-year-old kid who was driving X-Face truck.
The other thing was, for Lisa, was sitting in Daddy's lap even though the other guy had a little bit of a problem.
5, 6, 7, why is it that I feel like I'm talking to myself when the beast is in there?
I feel you are just...
What would you like me to add in the conversation?
You just, you know, I leave like a pause where it's like opening a door you can grab a knife.
Well, I don't want to over-shadow me, Gell. This is a shiny moment.
Then, Gell's got nothing to say and he admits it.
Okay, he's got nothing to say about anything.
And what he does say is it's embarrassing.
He's in the big chair, I'm in the little chair.
You're in the little chair? Well, guess what?
I hope it won't cost too much to replace that baby tomorrow.
You're in the little chair?
Yeah, and it's going to be an ass-the-size-ears man.
He's sitting in the little chair. I guarantee you that right now.
I am in the little chair.
Well, you feel free to jump right in.
Okay, now that's too much, I'll see you later.
Too much.
By the way.
Yeah.
Oh, I see that was it.
Oh, he's thinking about his two, now three things.
His impending wedding and his young lady friend,
who obviously has a very bad eyesight, is half blonde.
Plunding your guts out at the slots and the next meal.
That's all you're thinking about.
Now, the first two of those, that's not bad, okay?
But when you're dead, you can't play the slots.
In fact, that's going to be the next thing you should do.
If it doesn't work for any other way.
Next time you're going to indulge, ice cream, fried chicken,
something really fattening, disgusting.
Stop and ask yourself, is it really worth this,
never to play the slots again?
That's a great idea.
Yeah.
I mean, I could say something else like, is it worth this,
never having sex again, is it worth...
Hello?
Yeah.
Anyone?
You alert?
But this is a Wheel of Fortune sickness.
Are you at the...
Nice.
Hey, where'd you go?
Yeah, we lost you.
What do you mean by that?
You were gone for 10 seconds.
For 10 seconds?
Yeah, there was no one there.
So whatever you were saying, we had been...
No, I didn't mean that.
I'll say it again.
How many hells that possible?
You disappeared.
It means that...
It's gone.
Well, whatever.
You didn't want to hear it anyway.
The funny part of it is, I may have been gone,
but you were responding to it with that's the best part.
That's it.
That's it.
Yeah, I went in talking to you.
Speaking.
Let me sit again.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
How are you?
Great.
How are you?
Good.
I wanted to know...
I've been watching the beast prowling the sidelines of the game's game.
Yeah.
He's about one hot dog away from exploding.
I agree with that.
I mean, he's just huge.
He wears a pair of shorts that come down to his ankles,
because the neighborhood license was right.
Oh, he's just trying to be young and hip like the kids that were there,
pants out of their kneecaps.
Yeah, but those were him below there.
I thought he's wearing them up over there on his top.
He's there.
Arm boots, yeah.
Apparently.
And on his honeymoon, he's going to have to have the motor club
put him out and take him off.
Yeah, that's going to be a really something.
It's going to be a sight, they had a video tape that
that should be a live experience.
That will argue into you whatever that's going to be.
I think it'll be outlawed before it happens.
Oh, it might experience, all right.
Oh, my experience.
Beast.
For anybody to beat and see you naked would be frightening.
Oh, it's you.
And right in the middle of lunch hour, too.
That's a good way to diet.
It's quite a sight.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Right.
So he's seen you on a sideline.
I do when I do wear baggy shorts,
waddle up and down the a sideline.
Well, what else could they be when you used to be a pup tent?
Yeah, they used to be a pup tent, not the beast shorts.
Now, how much?
I don't want to get too personal here because there are
a lot of us who are fat.
But like I said before, if you're skinny and you're picking on fat people
and you're a jackass, but if you're one that admits to be
in fat and having a real food problem, then you're entitled, you know?
Now, how much you tip in the scales this week?
It's a good question.
I don't know.
Now, I don't tell me you don't even get on the sideline.
I would say about 280.
Ah!
And you're what?
5'2".
5'4".
Well, we got a scale right here.
We could find out.
Now, I'd have to walk in there.
I can't answer that.
No, no, no, no.
We still have that medical scale.
And I spent 100 bucks for it.
We got that nice medical.
That Todd Wreck used to get on when he'd come in here.
I sure hope he doesn't come in here anymore.
Because he's ready for something anyway.
What's Todd?
A big report?
Greg, he's right here.
What's Todd to you?
No, he's not.
Get on it.
Quick try to change his subject.
Okay, you're not fooling anybody.
I want you to waddle into that studio right now.
I want you to hop on the scale.
You can take your shoes off if you want.
Oh, no, I'm in here.
I'm not getting on the scale.
Why not?
I refuse.
No, and that's unacceptable.
I'm going on the scale.
You could start here.
Until you get your fat ass on the scale.
I weigh 1.92 was in this morning.
Okay, and that's out of my digital scale.
1.92.3, and that's the honest of his truth.
One thing I don't lie about is my fat weight.
If I went to lie about it, I'd say 1.175.
I've never been so sveled.
Yeah, then that would be a lie.
1.92 is no big a party, you know?
I'm 5'9", I weigh 1.92 and I'm fat as a cow.
Okay, and you're 5'4", and you weigh about 280,
which you admit to.
Is he out of scale yet or what?
No.
If you don't get on the scale, we're going to have somebody
while we're going to have a team of people come in here
and just drag your ass out of that chair
and stick your fat ass on it and doctor scale.
It's one of those scales where they like to weight it.
It's like, or you can't cheat on it.
You can't lean to the left or the left.
It's like the emis.
Come on.
Do it.
Try to save your life.
If we do nothing else this week, we'll save your life.
At least for an until the wedding.
You've tried that before.
Well, it worked the one time.
Yeah.
What was that?
What happened to the body?
I lost my trinipe.
Yeah, you lost 60 pounds and then you found it again.
Which is much more dangerous probably than just staying one weight.
Much more dangerous.
The yo-yo, the fluctuation.
Yes.
The up and down, the up and down.
You'll find that on your honeymoon night.
Too much up and down for a fat guy, man.
It's all over.
Okay.
You're still talking.
So obviously you're still sitting in the...
He's not a budget.
What?
Budget.
Go in there and drag his ass off it.
Or you're a big macho Cuban guy.
Go in there.
He's not a big chair.
Yeah.
I want that slob on a scale now before the show is over.
Too way.
See, if you said too 80 and you won't get on a scale, you know what that means?
It means it's like 300 something.
Yeah, maybe 310.
Now you're looking at him.
You're looking at this slob.
What is he?
He looked like he's lost an answer to or not.
No.
I admit I have a lost an answer to.
But before the show, you told me to do pretty good lately.
Yeah, but I have a pretty good one.
You're in denial.
Baby, you're in denial and you're working with a hopper.
You're going to be when a hopper has a massive stroke on the air and winds up being like
Kate Smith in a wheelchair, a little vegetable out of cheer.
You're going to be responsible for it.
So what's your highways every day?
And I said to you before, I said, how about going out and getting one of those acuchek blood sugar meters?
I've been meetin' them up here like that.
You ought to start nursing the old man is what you ought to do.
Keep him alive.
He's your bread and butter.
What are you going to do if he grows?
Are you going to go back on that other show?
You've got to get him plated back on that show.
You've got the cane.
Here we find.
Yeah, that's right.
To put Joe Zagaki on in the morning, then you'll be okay.
You'll have to extract your whole body from him.
Thought Joe looked a little pudgy lately.
Come on, get on the scale during the break.
Get right on it.
Is he movin'?
No.
Well, no, we're going to, huh?
Look at it.
He's movin'.
Is he going to let me show you this?
Yeah.
Oh.
A crying mind's want to know.
This guy, the call just now, has seen your fat ass waddling around.
The most disgusting thing in the history of the Umana.
A five foot four and 280 he admits to, which I guarantee you.
I bet you Greg Reed's life on it over 300.
Over 300.
Five four.
Even my mother, I think, was more than five four.
Five foot four is like a magic.
You just, you don't care, do you?
I don't want to know you if you don't care.
Because that, Bob, I can noose seem to be working for it pretty good.
Oh.
Because, what the hell would he want to eat that?
12, 14, the QA, I'm here when you're shopping for shoes,
while you're fat feet into Brandy's, man.
In fact, they do specialize in wide widths.
Because when I think about fat people, I got really fat wide feet.
That every part of him is fat, including their...
Fat-dome.
Tush.
Anyway, Brandy's has got unbeatable deals waiting for you on the top names in the shoe business
as they have for years and years now.
While the other shoe stores have come and gone, Brandy's is still going strong.
They got rock ports and floor shim, new balance, echo, SAS, Mephisto, all the top brands.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you have a customized video favorite comfort shoe every time at unbeatable prices.
Just ask for Arnie, he'll make sure you stick your feet in the right shoe.
Brandy's specialized like I said only moments ago in wide widths as well if you have a big fat pair.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value in selection.
Always think Brandy's shoes and you'll find Brandy's at 1290.
North Federal Highway and Pumpkin will be to open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 and every Sunday 9 to 5.
And this week is a great time to save at Brandy's because you can take 20% off and selected men's and women's styles.
Choose from SAS, Naturalizer, Floor Shim, Spirry and Rock Ports too.
So be sure and save a lot especially during the holidays now.
Get your ass into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-2-A.
Beware of exploding balls.
Now back.
I went for new dressisters, I was thinking about a little way.
I stepped on the scale and they got a measure tag.
We said we were a little mister, there's always so much that we can do.
I think life or search may be the oldest thing for you.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Welcome.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
I don't have to die.
I don't have to go and get your size.
I don't have to worry about no bulges around my thighs.
I'm fine on the hand because life is like you.
You know I'm a brand new man.
Vodka over.
Suck a bag out of fashion came.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Suck a bag off of Brandy.
Welcome.
Tell them it damn they're killing them.
Okay so what's the verdict?
Nothing.
But if people want to search them,
if you go to Google Images and type in Brian the Beast London,
he's right there for everybody to see.
Really?
Why won't you get on that scale?
I lying to us about the 280.
No I just, I don't know,
it's my own thoughts and feelings.
No, it's like I went to the whole public.
In other words you're accusing us now of insulting you by saying that you're fat.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Because I went to the whole public way and thing every week with you when I was on a sack.
Right.
And I was on a sack all right.
And it just, I don't know, it got to me so I decided not to do it.
I wonder what is in it.
Well there was, there was no pressure.
That was, there was pressure then because it was a sponsor and you had to eat that Boba Ghanuch and whatever.
I understand that.
And then people started stealing your sack anyway who were in hell I was.
That was horrible.
Yeah.
What was horrible?
The stealing of the sack.
Yeah.
But I stuck to the sack I did very well.
Yeah.
I mean we forgot to tell you that instead of all your other food not an addition to it, that was the problem.
Yeah, I started cheating there.
But there's no pressure now.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
There's no pressure.
It would just be kind of fun and might also,
and now do you not weigh yourself every morning?
I, to be honest the last time I weighed myself was probably before Thanksgiving.
And at the time it was like 283.
Before Thanksgiving, that was before Thanksgiving, yeah.
But I actually slept through Thanksgiving and didn't eat that much which is a whole different story.
Are you there?
You'll learn.
You know what?
We'll bring some nice flowers.
What kind of flowers do you like?
Dandy Lines, something to eat.
So flowered or nice.
And some flowers.
Sprinkle some sunflower seeds on your box.
Wow.
That'd be pleasant.
WNQYM Death Squad.
Hello.
This show is nothing without George.
Well that's a switch.
There you go George.
They miss you badly okay?
Call back tomorrow.
Yeah.
WNQYM.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
I'm great.
That's great.
Do you like that new body wash?
I'm fine.
Do you like the body wash correct?
Yeah.
Have you tried the shower ass feed?
Oh the shower ass feeds.
Yeah, they're really, you got to drop money.
Right.
Don't stand up too fast.
They fall out.
I like the feeds.
Yeah, I do like the feeds.
I like the scene eyes.
And then there's a dial one.
Troy, a strafford keeps telling me about, oh dial's gone to bed.
And I can't find the one he's talking about.
But there's another dial one.
It's got like purple little tiny purple moisture beads in it.
Pretty good.
But like I said, don't stand up too fast because they fall out.
Oh so you're also a body wash guy.
What's out of doubt?
So full.
Now let's say that you have it in a hose because the hose you dial, man, must take about the gallon
of that stuff.
No I have the big.
Can you just, can you see that in industrial size like a fire hose that they got hooked up
to a gigantic body wash?
Like a tank.
The body wash.
Well, I mean, I thought it was his fat ass down about a half a gallon every day.
I have it.
Do you have a scale at home?
Yeah, I have a scale.
And you see, you're in denial.
I don't want to be alone.
I'm not in denial.
You're in denial.
I'm not the kind of a person who's like on the, on the bubble.
How old are 29?
Yeah.
What kind of person in your condition doesn't get on the scale and the reason for that being
you don't want to see the number, right?
No, because it only screws you in the head.
When you get on a scale every day, it makes life so much worse.
And why is that?
Because it tells you the truth that you're going to be dead pretty soon.
No, because you're going to get neurotic by the number of the scale.
I mean, you go crazy.
I used to go to the scale like 17 times a day.
Yeah.
And it just made me crazy.
In other words, after a good B.M. you get on a scale.
Exactly.
Exactly.
All right, see.
WQI, Q.A.M.
WQI.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, who's done more for the obese community?
No, you're standing right there.
Or Ronald McDonald.
Wait a minute.
Who's done more?
Come on, you got to put a little something into it, man.
Who's done more for the obese community?
Ben and Jerry, or Ronald McDonald?
Now we're talking.
We're keep working on it.
And then through a little one little thing, you'll have it made.
56670560.
We've heard any more about that big lunch that was took place a couple weeks ago
between our fearless leader and your good friend.
Absolutely.
No.
No.
It did take place, though.
I'm told that.
We don't know what the outcome is, the outcome or the outcome or the ongoing.
I have no idea.
Inquiry, minds one and all that.
I'm taking a much more conservative about what your weight is than about any of that stuff,
all that internet-seem political crap.
That's not like life and death.
Now, what about Miguel?
You don't have a weight problem.
You get on a scale in a morning or not?
I don't.
I don't have a scale.
So in other words, you have no idea how much you weigh.
Well, I weighed myself on your scale here.
Yeah.
And you're six feet one.
Six foot.
Six foot.
One, 98.
Well, that's a little, I don't know.
What's the right weight for a six foot?
Couldn't tell you.
It's probably about, it's probably right within there.
Right there.
I think you could probably lose an ounce.
I could lose some low handles.
There you go.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, I tuned in.
Can you tell me what they said in the press conference?
Yeah, they said, but it will be.
And then at the end, they said, can't worry about it through one of these.
Which I thought was most amusing.
At least Pat's got a sense of humor.
We like you on the show, Pat.
We're just not going to interrupt the damn show for us.
I'm stupid as press conference with everybody already knows the outcome.
See that?
That's what really kills me.
Well, there's a breathtaking announcement coming.
Okay.
Well, if nobody knew what it was, then it might be worth carrying something like that.
But when they know ahead of time, like an 8.24 this morning or whatever the hell it was on the Sunsend or a website,
I saw it on there before I even heard the Humper with the squeaky Ira.
So I knew already Pat Riley was coming back.
So what's the, it's a little anti-climactic.
They want to hear what the people have to say.
Why?
Because they want to hear the emotional lies.
They want to hear them lie about standband gunny as a decided to resign for personal reasons.
Yeah, right.
Just like what's his name?
Just like what's his name?
George Tennant resigned from the CIA for personal reasons.
Yamama, okay?
Who now you can, like Mickey Brown decided to go into consulting because for personal reasons,
as opposed to screwing up some other talent I have on the next hurricane.
Right.
I think we need to bring in the Donald man.
You're fired at it.
Whenever you're great.
Hey Stan, you're fired at it.
You suck.
What?
Wouldn't that be a lot more honest and a lot more entertaining?
Bring in the Donald man to fire all these people instead of,
well, so it's a fill in the blank as resigned because of personal reasons.
That what they say for personal reasons that mean their ass is fired, okay?
They want to spend time with their family.
Yeah, they want to spend more time with their family.
They want to go to casino play wheel of torture.
Oh, right.
I like, yeah.
I don't know, you're right though, it is addictive.
I have a problem.
I don't have a problem.
I go twice a week.
I don't have a problem.
And I call it, you know, there's 1700 slots.
I think there's 2400 slots in that joint where I go.
And they have all these other, you know, they got the flaming...
The flaming one.
All the other, I have no interest in the other ones.
I just always go back to that.
It's that spin man.
You just want to be a little boy.
You're absolutely right.
You look at that spin and it hypnotizes you.
You look at that thing and it's like the manchuring candidate, you know, like getting brainwashed.
That spin logo.
And then of course you spin it and it comes...
Oh, 20.
Now you do understand.
I explain this to you.
I don't want to get bored of the audience with a slot talk.
Although we do have slots coming, probably these days maybe.
But you understand that when the spin comes up, the computer already decided what you're going to get.
The rest is just a show for you.
Of course.
You do understand that.
Of course.
So when you get this low by the 200 and then, you know...
You see the brakes go on all the way.
But some of these ignorant people like...
Oh, 1000, 1000, come on, 1000.
And you can see the 1000s like 15s faces away and the thing is just about to stop.
1000, 1000.
You know...
You have to be here.
In fact, I think you ought to come up here sometime.
Maybe when I was your honeymoon, I'm going to be.
I don't think it's going to be to Toronto.
No, what about Niagara Falls?
I know.
What about Falls View Casino, man?
We're probably going to go to Toronto.
We're probably going to go to Toronto.
We'll help you find a good machine, man.
And this is New Roger.
It was the library.
69 AX.
We should monitor still, or else it gets the hose again.
Oh, this is Christmas.
And you know this song.
What's solid?
But my wife is singing.
It was it for everyone.
And so this is Christmas.
When we sing, we all like.
But as soon as you hear your go.
I wish it's right, power up the mic.
You ought to get play as she calls.
Here we be with you.
Oh my God.
Oh boy, you left home with the turn off.
Oh my God, you left without any change.
Welcome, welcome.
Oh.
Thank you, Merry Christmas.
Now I can blow the well rest in peace.
1234, so I'm sure you need to read you guys.
Had like lit a candle or anything last week on the 25th anniversary of John Lennon.
Thank you, John.
No, no.
Oh, don't tell me you're eating now.
I am.
I'm not.
Oh, thank God.
So you read yourself just before Thanksgiving.
So you want to go on imagine to be added like six pounds for Thanksgiving.
Yeah.
And then after that it's like another two weeks beyond that.
You're just in denial.
You know, I would feel bad, but you just give it up.
I have not given up.
Yeah, you have given up.
I hope your bride to be knows this.
That, you know, in fact, take out some good life insurance sweetheart.
Because you've just tossed in the old towel.
And you don't understand.
You should understand how I learned, was there ever a point before you were like born when you were fat?
No, pretty much.
You were born fat.
You popped out fat and you just did.
No, actually I was a premium.
I was three pounds eight ounces when I was, right.
And then I know that happened.
I have my tauts as well when I was three.
And my mom shoved ice cream and popsicles down my throat and I didn't stop ever since.
I see.
So in other words, you're blaming mama for this?
You know, also I was going to have a scapegoat blame my mama for it.
Well, weren't you in like a tennis superstar or something?
But I was still chubby.
You were a tennis superstar?
Yeah, I was capping in my high school tennis team.
Oh my God, I can't even envision that.
What a racket.
I can't even imagine you want to tennis court.
Yeah, I'm sure you go out and probably probably play a little bit out of keeping shape.
I do have to do that a lot.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I do.
Polygamy rights is the next civil rights battle.
So goes the model of a Christian pro-polligamy organization that's been watching the battle over homosexual marriage rights with keen interest.
You're fray.
We're coming.
We're next. There's no doubt about it.
We are next at Mark Henkel, founder of www.truthbearer.org.
Traditional values groups often argue that legalizing same sex marriage is a slippery slope that if marriages redefine to allow homosexuals to wed,
it will be further redefine to other unions, including polygamist ones.
If it's good enough for Joseph Smith and the more Mormons, it's good enough for everybody.
Homosexual rights leaders and their allies insist.
Yeah, this is interesting because as ridiculous as this is, what about all the fatherless children?
All of the homes where daddy just kind of like took off, you know, and all the unwed parents,
which are so commonplace now, especially celebrities, but not exclusively.
Anyway, homosexual rights leaders and their allies insist that the slippery slope argument is a rhetorical dodge.
It's a scare tactic.
It's a freedom to marry founder Evan Wilson.
Hey, Evan.
You're fairy.
What homosexuals are asking for is the right to marry.
Not anybody they love, but somebody they love, which is not all the same thing.
Brookie, institution scholar Jonathan Roach, Roach, whatever his name is written.
South Dakota lawmakers this year propose the first constitutional marriage amendment that specifically outlaws unions of two or more persons.
Why?
Say that again.
Well, this is in the Washington Times, and of course, the Reverend Moonhead, he's his newspaper.
I think what it means is outlaws unions of more than two persons, but it says here unions of two or more persons.
Maybe nobody in South Dakota is getting married, aren't they lucky?
The measures authors South Dakota State Representative Elizabeth Krausev, the Van on polygamy is intentional.
After Canada legalized same sex marriage,
it's absolutely correct.
It's government launched this study to look at the ramifications of polygamy, Mrs. Krausev.
Once you open the marriage door to anyone other than one man or one woman, you haven't begun this slide on the slippery slope.
You've already hit rock bottom, rock bottom.
Photos will decide on the measure next November.
That's South Dakota.
Also this year a New Jersey of Pelocord is concerned about a right to public minutes to the one rejection of same sex marriage.
The same form of constitutional attack that plaintiffs run against statutes limiting the institution of marriage to members of the opposite sex could also be made against statutes for limiting polygamy.
New Jersey outpulled judge Stephen Skillman, and Anthony J. Perrillo said they were ruling in Lewis versus Harris.
Indeed, there is arguably a stronger foundation for challenging statutes for limiting polygamy than statutes limiting marriage to members of the opposite sex.
Because unlike homosexual marriage, polygamy has been instilled as condoned by many religions and societies they wrote.
In addition to which they made babies, whole bunch of them.
I'm really surprised that the popes know this because the Catholic Churches, so you know for centuries, have been the whole concept is dominating by overpopulating the world, winning by numbering out game of numbers.
And of course when you have the big numbers then you can drag in the big bucks.
Speaking of big numbers, we got almost 17 number votes on a pool and on all of that they see you because that started like Friday night or whenever the hell I changed it.
But this is today's pool. What's your take on a Marlon's fire sale? 1669 vote. What's our goal for today? 17 number?
Let's not shoot for the behind. Are you guys are still there? We're still there. I haven't got a face shoot for two granted. We had 2000.
In an hour and a half we're going to 331 votes. You guys are clueless, man. It's possible. No, it's not going to happen.
You better start learning your poll numbers, man, because you sure it's not only your weight number, you don't know about your poll shoot for 2000, or your mama. No chance.
And those facts are really coming into it. Like what? None? That one. That was it? Yep.
Well, it's the holidays. What do you expect? Well, why do you want a bunch of faces coming in? What are they going to fax about? It's all George's fault.
It must be for being out sick today. George's got the shows in fever. He's in bed. And I'm sure it's from the from the wife.
I keep telling him get that a lot of their man. Get out before it's too late. 1671 votes. What's your take on a Marlon's fire sale? I couldn't give a Schmidt less 609. 609 people indifferent.
It's a slap in the face to the real fans 330.
About 30 men. Screw the Marlon's 286. Pack your bags, boys. You're all done here. 280. I wonder who ordered this. So sorry. Can't see.
We'll be side me. No problem. I'll still support the team. 166.9%.
Do you understand those people? Do you understand the reasoning there? No. Other than they have nothing else to do.
Why would you want to do that? There was a really nice team there. And you know, so they could have slimmed the payroll down or done something intelligent.
But just like decimating it. Because that's the right thing to do with support your home team. It makes it unethical.
Oh, yeah. You mean like the panthers, for example? How many people? How many people do you think will be at the Nashville predator Florida Panther game at the Mac or we at seven o'clock tomorrow night?
How many will read? I'm not talking about some bogus attendance number they make up or the Zidian tickets to get away for free or for 75 cent.
How many paid admissions?
We're really sure for that game for Nashville and Florida three grand.
Is that your weight? He finally did. Let's hear it. All right. He finally admitted.
He got on the meat scale three thousand pounds for the beast. Anyway, no problem. I'll still support the team.
One 16. It's said I'll never go again. 37 and bought season tickets below my money back 13.
It stayed there are 13. I guess that's the end of it in this crowd because this isn't the sports intensive crowd.
The real sports fans. They're not listening to some kind of crap here in midday. Some old fad you fag on here talking about being fat.
We're listening to the real sports station where they got pat ride on there where they're talking heavy duty.
A literate crap that nobody can make out with the other sand.
So let me ask you if you heard O.J. McDeffey on the air. Unfortunately and how do he sound bad?
Really? And Sid the kid not sounding too good sound like who did they compare him to before?
I don't know. I don't like him. Not good. Tony or he was. He was obnoxious on I'mus and if you thought he was obnoxious there.
Because at least in New York they're all New Yorkers. It's out there we got at least 40-50 people who aren't.
This is including all your odds. This is bikes.
It's dead. You can finally tell. All right.
And five six oh.
In keeping with the high standards of broadcast journalism in the tradition of Edward Armouros. See it now.
Five sixty WQ a.m. Resents now see here with no Howard David.
I just more on the day. I'll say here. Now I know. And if I had so choose to stay I will change the face of whatever that is.
Now see here. Who did more for radio? New Rogers or Hoyboscar Anderson?
Oh.
Here's my best view. Are you guys all ready? I say Hoyboscar Anderson. That's who.
But one thing he was the mayor of boarding medium and at five smoke a hero man. Why Hoyboscar Anderson sang nice song.
Oh, he had a few.
Thank you. I know people spoke about not it in the written Illinois. Why sure? That there that's a meal singing and a disparaging song about the Illinois.
And then a bag of the one he writes in it and it kneels things him. Now you know he's queer because real men don't sing.
And another day. Hoyboscar Anderson was a lot better than Neil too. That day was made of their best.
On the next installment of Housey here who made a better cup of coffee. Mrs. Olson or Jackie Robinson.
Yeah, man. Now see me here next time for more indignants on. No, see here. That better over here.
I think that would make a good the series, don't you? Who did more? I think it would be good. Then again, what do I know?
1693 votes on a pool so far and now another one of 14 what season think it's and they want their money back.
They want their money back now. Samson, Delilah. What do you say? Huh? No.
Oh, five six seven oh five sixty got more Howard David at two man this afternoon. Fresh from his fantastic call of the Patriots pummeling of the bills right there in the snow written Buffalo yesterday.
35 is seven. And of course 35 nothing until a couple of two better. You can get this shut out. You know what?
Yeah, no, I'm going to go. Oh, what was that? Sorry. That was that was googling her body. Anderson.
You know something you really are. You are such a type of crap. It's just it's you know you're one of those people.
You don't know whether to laugh or cry. It's just I don't know. I really don't. I just I don't know what to make of you.
You just different. I'll say that. You know you're just not another one of the crowd. You're different like the guy that's all you want to sideline.
He immediately knew. Well, that's not just some other slumper there. That's the beast. You know, he knew who it was.
The baggy shorts and all. You are just one in a trillion. Make no mistake about it. Did you get on the scale yet? No. No. Tommy's on his way.
Tommy's got on the scale though. So he should wait about 48 times less than me. Yeah. Tommy. If you if you could get down to like Tommy, well his weight.
You that means you'd wave out what three 300. If you get down to his weight. Tommy's weight. He wins about like a buck 10. That's what I'm saying.
Well, I'm thinking you're going about 410 anybody that lies so much about and then and avoids getting on the scale.
I think I'm going to something there's something wrong with that because you don't have to tell anybody. You know what I'm saying?
Obviously, you don't want to tell us because you're lying because you're embarrassed by it. And that's fine. If you want to be a fat slide, that's okay.
But but you're lying to yourself. You're a denial, man. You're like what's your name? Cleopatra and Samsung. You're in denial. Tommy says he's 170 something.
Get out of here. 170. My ass. 171. 171. He says get out of here. 171. What what? Bowling balls are under each arm. Bowling balls. Yes.
What did he do? Bloom up since I left. Sure, about 131. He's all what he's doing. He's almost. Yeah. Out of here. Yeah. And this he's got a corvette, by the way.
From the waist down. I know he's got a corvette. He's all muscle. Get out of here before you lose the damn license for Christ's face.
Cry now. A lot of joy is going to have our ass before you know what he weighs 171. What about Bowling balls?
What about him? I said if he had a bowling ball under each arm, pity might weigh 171. That's what I said. Okay. Just checking.
Here's some good news for the beast though. Kellogg's. The world's largest cereal maker says Friday it plans to reduce artery clogging trans fats in some of its products and called on others to invest in a new variety of soybean oil that they said is healthier. Kellogg promises healthier pop cards. All right.
I'd go out and get a couple of dozen boxes right now for your journey home. What's the most food you ever eat in a car like on a way home?
Oh, I'm sure my day like a binge at Wendy's or Taco Bell shirt. Yeah. And how much? Like I don't know for five burritos.
We're talking burritos, the creams, of course. Oh, yeah, with beans, with beans and carrots. They were using with those. She beans. Oh, God.
Can you smell the tea room in this guy's house? Oh, man. Talk about a music explosion. Good thing you don't smoke. Oh, I definitely don't.
Well, that's right. He does smoke but not cigarettes. No, I don't know. You give that up. Give that up. Well, he's afraid to lie to match in the house. Kellogg said it plans to replace trans fat. Oh, you know, when I forgot to look for those, I can't look for them now. Damn it.
Who did more for my fat? Christ. Now I can't find those cheese. And either one of you guys even knows what I'm talking about. Those cheese waffles. That was Josh and George that day. I am. Yeah. You know, what about you?
Keep any waffles? You never saw those. They come. They come in a tube. You know how like Pringles come in a tube. Right. Well, these have been around for a long time. I forget who makes them.
But they're like too little. They're like Oreo cookies only cheese. They're like crackers only and they got like cheese in between. There's like too little cookies. What do I find those? Huh? Chris go make them. Chris go make some. And that's right. We looked them up. Where do I find those in the supermarket?
I want to die. And the aisle says I want to die fast, but boil to good. Anyway, Kellogg said it plans to replace trans fat producing.
Or else in products like cheese at crackers and pop cards, toaster pastries with monsandal companies. Vistive. A soy oil introduced last year that reduces the need for partial hydrogen.
Hydrogen is a nation. Hydrogenation is a chemical process used to give or is a longer shelf life. It also produces trans fats which health experts say raise cholesterol levels.
And lead to an increased risk of heart disease as in. I'm dying on the. The move by the maker of frost inflakes and kebler cookies comes in early two years after big food manufacturers like craft PepsiCo and Tyson Foods announced plans to eliminate the reduced trans fats.
Due to growing consumer concerns about health problems like obesity and diabetes, bubble, flabbo and fat man, diabetes. If you're lucky enough not to have it right now, you then now is the time I'm begging you.
How would you like to not ever be able to eat pizza again?
So it's right or ice cream or anything. Samuages. Samuages any kind of a sandwich with bread on it. Hogi's I like to get sandwich. Yeah, there you go. No moss, baby.
Now when you become diabetic in your body can't handle it insulin man. You just sugar starts going up to three four hundred in your case five six hundred seven eight and then the buzzer goes out.
I'm dying on the. I couldn't imagine not eating bread love bread. I don't love bread. I you know, I like bread like in a restaurant. Like if you're going to read a good Italian restaurant, typically always I was.
I was on a pesto. I'm a real soup lover, but then between the soup and the entre there's always kind of like that lag. You know, in the service and even if you sit there with a couple of people have a good conversation.
Once you start with the soup, you like your whips up your appetite. So now they've got that nice warm bread with the garlic butter.
You maybe like tribes in it. But I don't I if I never had bread again, which is not that's not my problem. In fact, I don't have any problem anymore ice cream. No, gone. Yeah.
Okay. That's what I'm trying to tell you. That's the purpose of the whole conversation. I told you that in the beginning. I got the cure vicariously through blah. Blaseter and thanks to that guy in Lakeland, who may not have been listening in the beginning for sitting to that facts on Friday.
Maybe there aren't a lot of facts that's coming in today, but that was the one facts to me like save my fat old ass. The one you needed all year. What? The one you needed all year. That's right. That's the only facts. It's almost the end of the year. That's the only one I needed that really like pounded some common sense because I looked at that.
That blog that blog there by fat blah. Blaseter and I said again, he's had one foot amputated. His business going rapidly and he's got the one of one at least one of his beans went bad. I guess. And he's on the way out. He just turned 60 years old.
So you can fool mother nature for a while, but if you want to walk around with big fat eyelids, man, it's not the way to go.
1704 on the pole. Like I said, let's you for 1800 night. You carry the rest. This is meal Roger. This is 560 QA.
CBS. This is general Richard Myers. Oh, hi general. How could I help you today?
Well, Mr. you had his heart set on showing that piece this way. I understand that, but I'm asking you nicely.
Well, I'm afraid we can't help you, sir.
I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I
a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I'm a Jew. I am Rob. I've got choices only after I was even at lov. I Kendess. I love rebels. I do not barbeques. W acted Hondemment. I can't help but I welcome Sapro and RPG to a castle. We're now dancing after a zombie movie. It's like a intimacy, but was someone here because was looking at the weatherscreen and Carmine tested him to stop his youth. It has to make sense and get dirty.
Hey little boy I couldn't help but hear you feeling left out of Christmas cheer and I
was gonna say that she shouldn't be sad. This is the one month that you should be glad.
Because it's nice to be a true long Christmas. You don't have to deal with the season.
No. You have to be on your best behavior or give the charity. You don't have to go to
the program or tell with your alcoholic family. I don't have to deal with the sadness of the
season. It's not on me. That's right. You're a Jew. I'm styling Jew. It's a good time to stay
on Christmas.
Hey! What I was ­obra in 5½os. Because I finally
ended that day I knew something. I usually that way didn't, didn't you expect that.
what is your story today man what is your you are useless
we've got to do with some stupid ass hurricane ball game you got to you nothing
who are you expecting to do what at the end of the song
excuse me but I do believe that stuff
yeah like that something like that
oh no I've heard that before so no I didn't expect it
oh I did it's been a long time I would get to be this old
1721 votes we got to shout the 1800 that would be really nice that would be fine
I could tell you what tomorrow's poll would be I don't think I'm going to tell
it's one we've done before and quite a while ago
I don't think I'm going to tell you till the ass end because then they'll start
calling and oh well how about I got it I don't want that I'm tired of that
more than a year before president pushed declared in his 2003
stadium in speech that Iraq had tried to buy nuclear weapons material in Africa
the French fire service began repeatedly warning the CIA in secret communications
that there was no evidence to support the allegation
more than a year before the previously other supposed exchanges between the
US and the French described interviews last week by the retired chief of the
French counter intelligence service and a former CIA official came on
separate occasions in 2001 and 2002 the French conclusion were reached after
extensive on-the-ground investigations in the year which used to be an
Iger by the way the Nouts in the year and other former French colonies
where the Iranian minds are controlled by French companies said Elaine Shua
the French former official and probably really cheap he said the French
investigated the CIA's request Shua's account was at odds with our understanding
the issue of US government official said US official declined to elaborate
spoke only on condition and either here is agency be named because he values
his life which the beast doesn't do however the essence of Shua's account
that they French repeatedly investigated in the year claim found no evidence
to support it and warned the CIA was extensively corroborated by the former
CIA official and the current French government official both spoke on
condition and the number they get because they want to fill out the repeated
warnings from French's direct shaw and generality of something rather did not
prevent the Bush administration from making the case aggressively that Sodom
was saying was seeking nuclear weapons materials uh-huh just another
specialized and a public justice but it would fit about the NISPulse as this and
have it as big elections over in Iraq everything's got to be just Jim Dandy
and with that Jim Dandy the rescue of course you know Leverand Baker no and who
did we find out last week that Leverand Baker was married to our already
forgot somebody at worth while 1725 votes on a poll you're take on a Marlins
fire sale I couldn't give a Schmidt last 627 percent it's a slap in a face
to the real fans 343 all 80 of them screw the Marlins 292 pack your bags boys
you're all done here 287 most of all most of them already I guess have
packed their bags they're fast up no problem I'll support the team still 123
7% 123 people out there who are just desperate anything to do in the
summertime as Mongolia would say I hate that song it is funny go out there
and have your own section I'll never go again 39 and brought season
tickets to my money back 14 old baby Keons number 14 5 6 7 and Matt
stage in two but he had to do much any there's anybody else on that team
the leaf 5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's get a bunch of calls in this out we got most
added by two when impressed him with a barrage of training monkeys out there
no way I think that the beast is going to wind up on that show again
but that would have to be quick huh now what about that day that you filled in
for him was there like any follow up on I didn't really hear too much
I didn't hear anything no just a couple of hours and they're killed the
time and that was it no feedback no no grumpiness no like how could you
dare put him out of my show by nothing like that I don't I don't think so I
don't even know if he knew who filled in better for Mo that could be
on our who who did who didn't who didn't come in the QAM hello long
gone last call today WDQ way and hello there's no stupid girls on the out
franken show you know the out franken show which has been on for an hour seven
minutes and you're still listening over here well thank you so much for being
so loyal sticking with us how can we compete without franken
especially that was the his boyfriend of something calls it just about
every four he used to call in before noon before the franken show would start
now he calls in afterward which is kind of embarrassing because once
everybody know he's still up with us oh and how can we survive without him
one last shot at the calls here after a seven minute delay builds up five
six seven oh five what well no I forget about that then we got these multiple
delays now because of that steering debacle and as a result like sitting here
screaming sometimes and then like a minute later all of a sudden they're like
like that right now yeah like that well not that that's overwhelming or anything
that's half a dose of the idiots but like I said they'll all be idiots
how many QA and hello QA and soon I mean how many QA and hello
pull their butt beeps out by that how many QA and hello hello yes
yes well thank you for taking my call well thank you for making your call
and I wasn't able to get too last week but I want to thank you for
always giving us the mammoths that we need in a most entertaining way yes I do yes
always and you know the thing about the father that forced his daughter to
crash the plane and yeah no actually it was a mother that was she was the
begins to get the mother yeah well the father was on a plane too he was
that stupid he's dead well yeah and the latest one you read about the car
it seems like it's mostly men that do that let me say again it was the mother
that forced her to like into that whole thing yeah but the father and then
tried and then tried to force the little brother when he did it to his head
I don't think so well yeah okay I got three things really quickly yes I'm
probably one of the few if not the only Jew up here in the Jesus country
a see-through I would see you know see bring your not allowed there don't let them
go I know exactly but number one when you had the movies the best
acting and all that there was a movie the picture of Dorian Gray in the
forties with Antelope landsbury and Peter lawford and her half-field and
jazza x George Sanders was excellent did you ever see it yes I have
after wild that's been made about eight years from times yes yeah but that was
the best and it still holds up today I think okay number two number two
mystic river worth ending okay never saw it well so it is great until the
ending it was I don't want to see any more movies that are great till the end of
the movie like you know what that wants is and number three and number three Jew
labormen I emailed him and told him what what uh shundead was that he he's for
president who's he what's this yeah I really did I email what do you expect
from me are for bison orthodox what do you expect from this guy huh exactly
well listen have a happy tinnuka and the don't let the go and get you in there in
seabring see you okay thanks bye bye WQA and hello
Q.A.M. yes I need to speak to me speaking um meal yes your garbage you okay your
garbage okay good thank you WQA and hello in the order that out the dairy
people WQA and hello and it's for me I'm sick that's George that's George doing a
voice doing the Ron voice Q.A.M. hello I'm going to go Neil yes sir good afternoon
this time I mean that the resource such person is Ron it's George your cranking us
doing a voice during the show yes sir good afternoon a beautiful day here in
paradise yeah we miss you down here listen as far as the beast is concerned I'm kind of a beast
also I am a 511 I weigh 345 pounds holy crap now I've done every dive under the
sun and the same thing happens to me always always and always I lose 40 50 pounds yeah I
gained it back and 15 pounds you know something that I don't want to be just respectful
but I haven't gone through it my whole life I'm going to say something that you might just
agree with the various and one fat person alive who doesn't know how to lose weight
that's right I don't know how to do it but we just we just don't do it because we keep
making sure that I'm addicted to this I'm a you just yeah I think before you're like
eat that you know is it worth is it worth having my leg amputated or lose in my eyesight
that these ho-hoes are these are crispy creams or this ice cream is it worth that
and if the answer to yourself is no you're not going to eat it now what is your opinion of the stomach surgery
I think you have to be a lunatic to do that and we had our own Josh Friedman that we were
ripping in our last hour who did that he had the stomach stapling and a whole deal
and then he gained it back and he's more disgusting than ever I want to do it man well my my
sister-law had the stapling done and that failed and now she had that ban thing
around her thing lady has lost 145 pounds doing what she had the stomach band
done it's like a rubber band that they put around your stomach oh you've got to be
kidding me no I'm I'm seeing that thing I've seen them advertising that is I thought that was a
hoax no no no no it's true and I may say something for her it's been a success story
yeah I think the only stapling that works is if they staple your mouth shut
well your foreskin back one or the other but anyway well for her was success story
because she lost 145 pounds she's offered that diabetic medicine she looks great
she's going to have a plastic surgery now the person you are you talking about this thing
that they pedal on TV and these infomercials with the the no no no no this is a procedure
where they where they do what do they call it surgery through the little hole
that for scoffing that for scoffing and they put a band around your stomach and they tighten it
and it basically what it does is it restrict the size of your stomach oh it makes you feel full
it makes you feel full all the time and for her it's been a success and she doesn't have to
take shots like the gastric my past people do and I want to leave let the C50
and I'm thinking seriously about having this done because but insurance companies are
being serious about it and I'd rob a bank I'd get the money I'd rob a beast alone
in the money maybe you can get a two for one do you get a special definitely yeah
they're like you palying okay push that food away man but I just said it's true
though but if you have an enormous amount to lose like he obviously does or you do
then that's another story it's worth risking it when you're got about I would say
about third man like I do when you're fairly spelled as compared to these other gigantic
monsters of our time it's the different story how about the monsters in their way how they do it
114 at 560 WQA and it's that most wonderful time of the year unless you despise
the crowded malls the crazed shoppers the long registered lines and the parking
hassles so make your gift giving a little easier for you when you love ones this year
give me dial amateurs gift certificate when you call 1 800 mattress you order from
dial amateurs a gift certificate a denomination like and no bet that makes a perfect
gift at last and for years when you call 1 800 mattress you choose from the top names
and the mattress business too they got silly and simons certain king corals turns and
farce to do it at temperpidic too maybe you suffer some damage in the home from the hurricane
from Wilma maybe your mattress is so old and they need a new one maybe you need a bet for those last
minute on about a holiday guest whatever your deal call 1 800 mattress you'll get
same day delivered from eight in the morning till 10 a night and you still get to pick the date
and time for you to fit your busy schedule dial amateurs shows up on time 99.7%
percent of the time that's why the record number one in the world in customer
satisfaction I've used them for a long time they always do a great job for you so before those
guests arrive pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress or do your shopping
on their website mattress dot com dial amateurs 1 800 MATTR
ES leave off the last S because it stands for stew
panda saving this is meal Roger this is 5.62
in the first gear moving he was just again but now it's worth it changing and he's getting
this and on his upper left he is growing fur that's a little hairy bottom sure is a
teenager
he's something in our words in Paris by a car can't wait to get her
lighting in the back seat of his car things you'll get the first day if he sent them
that's it a little Harry Potter sure is a teenager
he's a teenage woman despite the things he seems a teenage woman going through
humanity where does this thing keep going?
I don't know even the bathroom again
he's a teenage woman despite the things he seems a teenage woman going through
humanity yeah he looks awfully gay to me it's a 1746 on the pole get the 18
I would know sweat right awesome no problem go for 2000 pounds
yeah you want to have that whatever the thing with the gas I've been thinking
about it what is it called gasping bypass no that's the staple yeah he's talking about the
gashic band
then where they planned is that Tommy's band something like that yeah and and you're
considering that I'm thinking about it why in other words you want to have some
invasive kind of surgery I don't want to you don't even want to get on the scale we
still got 39 minutes I don't care about the I don't care about the votes out of
the pool as many were near as much as seeing you get your fan ass on that scale by
the way I don't want to have the surgery but it might be necessity yeah if you
don't cut the crap if you ask there like if you don't start facing the facts you
need to you know that machini we got there yeah the girl needs to come in here
like start waving the nature I don't want him waving anything I mean oh
god sure I had something I was going to say but I won't say it I'm just
telling you you need to get out at scale now before the end of the show the audience I'm
sure is on the edge of their seats this would be great radio it would be great
life it would be like a wake up call for you you need it we're trying for you man we're
trying desperately the only thing I need it is salad what the only thing I need is
a salad
loaded with croutons no that's not to yell oh my god isn't there anybody in there
that's going to drag your ass put you on that scale no somebody I don't want to throw
their back out credits credits darling broke back mountain I'll speak in a
way the upcoming effects extra against the king Kong and the rockest comedy the
40-year-old virgin among the top of the ten films that the American film
institute judges the most outstanding motion pictures of the year you see any of
those no no the official selections of a five words two thousand five for top
films and TV programs around Sunday after two days of deliberations by two
degrees that selected the years best in film and TV the a five a lot of the
creative ensembles behind each of the honorees January 13th and luncheon the four
seasons in LA a fi is proud of one of these 20 collaborative teams as the
institute recognized yada they said in addition to mountain that's broke back
mountain which is a yay cowboy movie Kong and virgin the movie shows in our
Capote or speaking of gay how do you like that but it seems to be an epidemic I
think that Robertson may have a point or is it Jerry Falwell with his
pinky winky crash or somebody recommended that they said crash was really great
you see that no good night and good luck that's yet more a movie a history of
violence Munich the squid in the whale and syrianna I'll get back to you
syrianna the ten top programs devoted were twenty four nice panel star
galactica dead wood no
and me house lost rescue me sleeper sells sometimes a prime for Veronica Mars
oh it makes me think of that Mars bar the Mars ice cream bar not just the
Mars bar candy bar but a Mars bar ice cream bar you know the first place I
thought I was in Paris we gay Paris something a lot of it they were selling gay
probably there was some inventing machines and I got me a Mars ice cream bar
oh god was that good what and so nice that have another one I think I had
three followed by another one right I'm not eating that crap anymore I'm
telling that right now mister because with me I I don't care what you say the
actins will keep you alive and you're not you're just not gonna do it because you
want to eat bread I want to have read you want to eat pasta you want to
the rice you want to eat all these you can't do it I'm talking about you I'm
talking about tubby over there talk about the human bowling ball well I can't
so ha ha bees well what's that what do they call that thing on the other
prisoner that the rover the big remember that did you ever see the prisoner
with Patrick McGuin red rover red rover no not red rover the big white ball
I used to chase him around anybody try to escape and they get smothered by this
huge white blob that's you I think you were in that I think that was you
don't we have anybody that going to Scott the courage I know who can do it
I think the drag your ass up out of that chair and pick you up and take you over
to the scale you know who will read more the beast or fat boy I can just see that
right now bread okay come over here and drag it out yeah well it's kind of sweet
my dinner who's gonna do it right right back there remember oh yeah oh yeah big
bread he talks to go to be back there in sales by the way you guys are doing a
phenomenal job for the holidays man oh Jesus are they doing it or what no good
thing I brought several accounts to the station with me of course they've blown
a couple off already what's the thing I brought some because man what they've
done in eight years I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Osama your mama a US
Coast Guard painting and Bohemian naval boats were searching yesterday for a
Canadian woman who may have fallen overboard from a cruise ship off the Bahamas
a Jill Bagora oh Bagashan Bagora Jill Bagora 50 now was reported missing by her
husband Saturday morning is the Royal Caribbean cruise ship jewel of the seas
pulled in the Nassau they became in capital the cruise ship arrived early
yesterday to Broward County's Fort Everglades where Coast Guard officials
conducted an onboard investigation the ship's crew followed a missing person
report with a Coast Guard after a search of the vessel turned up no signs of
Bagashan Bagora they did a full ship search of the ship and there was no
evidence that she had left the ship in Nassau leading authorities to
least she may have fallen overboard oh my god Coast Guard C-130 playing was
conducting overhead search about 25 miles northeast of Nassau and that's it I
tried to find more in this I don't see it if she's a dead or floating around
somewhere she's doing her Natalie Wood imitation the Hamine Defense Force
both were searching along shorelines and beaches were working together to search
all the possible areas Royal Caribbean didn't immediately respond of course
their mom got another embarrassment for the cruise ship blinds so if you
want to have your girlfriend or wife rated it or if you want to like just
disappear gets thrown overboard or if you might get murdered and have them
through your body in the drink like the one that it's disappeared go right ahead
or if you want to have them like go out there and cruise in the middle of
an oncoming hurricane go right ahead for the life of me I have what what is the
appeal can you explain the love you ever been oh yeah you love it it's your
parents pay for it and you pick out that's the reason you love cruises
because hands be to pick out no they got to go in the ocean over in block they
got spot machines oh god they have great casinos on cruise ships no I know they
don't yes they do they do not have great casinos what do you think the payback
is unknown no it's not that it's horrible I know well of course well makes it
great in other words you can stay on there and eat and play slots and lose
your ass lose mommy and daddy's money 24 if you ever ever in your life if you
ever have to work on his days living and and really make some serious money
yeah then we'll see how fast you're peeing it away with those slot machines
mister it's a valid point yeah valid point yeah I got to reach mommy and daddy and
daddy's got a real bad the slots problem anyway I got this for you to
probably you've got is not in the casino the slot problem you got is your
that's the one one of these about boys by 180 pounds this is my
brother so you'll buy
smell it after five to three hundred
everything my uh you know that producer is that a young republicans clean rally
and by now I guess he's just uh hanging around
and meanwhile I'm stuck with this kid over here I know most every big shot
bought off in the city who the hell are you Josh
rain you listen to me my young celery and toying friend I'm on the payroll well you listen to me
my celery but inexperienced friend the over two years now well you listen to me my
underrated friend I'm 20 sat well you listen to me my old enough to be my younger sister friend
did it not day by the way something you know that the average a stone died it
who well you listen to me my unenformed child like friend did it oh no oh no not
not a 10 this is my 10
133.207.2 maybe had dingo berries on his pizza that he still let day never know
well a counter-rider football player a counter-rider football player has been suspended in his
girlfriend across country runner has quit the sports program after being accused of sending
a racist email to a Hispanic member of the cross-cottie team country team oh yeah yeah exactly
oh yeah the email included right oh don't tell me there's a fact oh but there actually be a
fact yeah well you know not from anybody else oh wow now where this what is this all about
that was an article in city link a while back this is an article in city link about the beast
it was like five six year ago yeah had you finished university it might be double-major in
broadcasting and political science oh yeah political science this man is really politically of stoop
I have profession sports broadcaster wqm celery I've got rich parents okay there you go
I rest my case uh residence apartment on brickal at brickal key overlooking biscuit and bayon
downtown I mean I'm a Jeff a Jewish American prince the place has a ballet at everything car
of all of OS 60 nothing more than what you got now pathfinder the station sponsor the contest
of one day to the Bahamas within the last day I got on my own was at an after school project
the third grade he said he did have a girlfriend and cause claims they never actually dated his
girlfriend now he has a fiance whose name is Ed no idea of the perfect date a picnic table
candidates in around the 50 hour blind view orange bull and former UM quarterback Ken dorsi
is serving the meal see that's it it's all about a meal not about to happen in the sack not
about anything else it's all about a meal and also about the hurry keens Ken dorsi I think that's
the meal you're hoping for looks at a woman uh see turn us anything white translated and facial
hair best qualities I like to kill people with kindness I have small but great hands they pack a
lot of punch for the fact that they're midget hands he has midget hands he's got an elephant
recognize the midget hands wow vices food driving fast slow theliness I think my I did my laundry once
well why should I have like mommy and daddy have a mate come there and pick it up and uh
laundered for you we do but I'm hurrying to hygiene it's a see I don't know the whole spoil rich
kids and your parents are killing I told you that years ago I told you that number 30
something you know mommy was trying to kill you with the food when you were a child and she
they're doing the same thing you know taking the on them cruises force feeding you all that
fattening food all those damn still sandwiches pathetic I think your parents ought to be in jail for
parental malpractice I might be crazy yeah but then I wouldn't get the inheritance sounds like
a hell of a no it sounds like a good lawsuit to me tell me yourself for ten million anyway getting
back to the color right of football is anti this racist email the email the food it referenced
to dragging the man behind a car recalling an incident 98 in Texas when a black man was dragged to
his death the two athletes were set it for harassment and ethnic intimidation a news release from
athletic director department director Mike Vaughan on Sunday announced the suspension of offensive
tackle Clint O'Neill and Jackie Ziegels decision to leave the cross-country and track teams didn't
mention email a police report that O'Neill and Ziegels who are both white sent the typo-filled
message to Greg Castro it called Castaway Riverbatt and Border Hopper the message suggested O'Neill
would drag Castro behind his car O'Neill a six six hundred five pound senior for mother for Texas
was suspended for violation of team athletic department rules but I didn't say how long his
suspension would last nice huh nice for Americanness college kids 1770 we need how many votes for
eighteen hundred excellent five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty leave a resident singular
wireless line anybody missed it Georgia's dead W.Q.A.M. Hello hello Niel bad bad foamy voice
bad one and that was it that was immediately of our call so I just go through the rest of it
I see I saved some of this stuff for tomorrow because I don't want to get Miguel all been out of shape
thanks I don't because you like the Paul Krugman article it's a really good one the IJS glaze over
yeah the IJS have it how many Q.A.M. Hello yes looking at talk Niel speaking Niel I am a 39 year old
Julio among the only eight percent I guess on your poll it's deciding to give them Arland some of
my money next year seven percent seven percent okay but just wanted to chime in that not that there
isn't a life involved but I probably say it's more about quality time with a six-year-old son and
an 80-year-old bad so thought I'd give you the balance on the on the seven percent they're not all
I understand that but what a shame it is I mean for the saving for actually for less money because
the reason the ticket price is for less money if you go and see a real competitive team with some
real stars that everybody knows who they are and now you're going to have to take those same
people out to see a garbage but I mean I get some other 50 and 110 season coming up
I guess if it's that pathetic you're right but you know unfortunately baseball you know
baseball is a bonding kind of environment and you can't get that football and the
the panthers can't get that over but well what you're missing is this I mean you can maybe you
think it's fine that it's still there now and you can enjoy it but the fact of the matter is if
they put a Mickey Mouse little league team out there they're not going to be around nobody's
going to build them a stadium nobody's going to say oh gee please if we build you a stadium will
you stay and go out and get some real players no what's going to happen is they're going to move
and then what are you going to do with your with your people yeah move the four Myers and watch
my league baseball I guess there you go well you love the game it'll have a cheaper price good luck
for you stop trying to suck up to the beast over there huh maybe you did wake something
on him a couple of times maybe he smiled 17 I don't know what's going on there and you know
something I'm just as glad the fact that you can't get him on that scale that tells me number one
you're a real was and number two that he's a he's just a coward I want you to water in there
right now come on this is my last request today he ain't moving I'm not moving why not I'm not
going to move because I can't tell the word Josh he's busy looking at stuff on the
stuff with Josh for what for putting my hands and other employees or something get
that I get a fire of harassment suit please putting hands and other employees I could say something
about that man people getting in trouble for putting hands on somebody employees holy moly what
station are we talking about this is Neil Rogers this is 5162
grandma's came up no not by a missile falling from the sky over
couple laying in her sexy her the whistle
up to the back of her pet me
slowly rolling through the desert
I'm on with your lazy ass naked from her head to toe and it's said hurts my movies somehow she had a
hurt my poor grandma been letting had no more clothes
roll that new like she was a man
as the sand fell to her face
escorted by the Taliban
the old woman headed for Osama's face
that's because grandma's came up from the fire missile
falling from the sky over
couple
that's you laying in her sexy her the whistle
and hopped onto the back of her pet you
145 and 560 W and I'll tell you what I'll make a deal with it you don't have to get on
the scale in the studio but when you go home yeah get on the scale okay you don't have to tell us
keep it a secret and you probably will want to just read your own edification okay
maybe that might inspire you I doubt it but maybe that'll do it okay it would be a fly opener
he won't do it you he just said okay I'll do it then you could do it here
no I'm not in the public uh do you public displays of fat
what everywhere I go I don't know what the job of it though
public displays of jai jai gross obesity
I I'm seeing you're over 300 Robert creepers sitting here shaking a
shaking a said what I don't know shaking your head about what Robert is he's
saying probably shaking a said to the right not to the left shaking his head at what
hey Robert get his ass out of the scale yeah a big macho guy Robert get him right Robert and mach
okay come on if it were jet bush you'd get him on the scale I can see Robert
one arm and Moan the other one schlepping you out of that chair slumping your big fat
rolly poli ass in that other studio and sticking it on the scale I can see that
not that it would need more than the two of them no it would not
big macho guy like Moan although he does have that but what do you have a grand injury something
like that creepers that Moan doesn't want to ruin his manicure this is the only this is the only
play by play broadcaster ever in my life they got a grand jury broadcasting game it's one thing
to get it playing the game wasn't that what he was complaining about last week kind of facts about
that he kept going you can about having a what do you have a groin creeper says yes
was this right I'll be damned broadcasting your game armed with hand scrolled signs and Haitian flags
a spirited crowd of release of thousand people marks the streets of downtown M.U.S.
Saturday to protest the jailing in Haiti of Reverend Gerard Jones used you know that
Jones used was one of my show back in the days when I was doing those really horrible awful
shows even worse than these you know that that's pretty bad you ever see Jones used bald head
Haitian guy that's the guy activist called for a release of the popular priest who they say has
been jailed since July for political reasons by the west back government of interim prime minister
jr. La La torture he's in jail I've never seen the judge said that Farah juiced one of the rallies
organizers she's not related to the priest they don't have anything again him the animated
gathering was one of the strongest shows of support sensations and human rights activists began
to letter an email writing campaign to free John juiced after his arrest meanwhile U.S.
representative Kendrick meek of Miami this week announced 40 members of the congressional black
caucus have sent another letter urging president Bush to secure John juiced release and Robert
Creeper saying keep a man there okay this just to be a right-wing bastard see still in there
no he left what what was he doing in there anyway I don't know just trying to cause trouble
no seriously what was he doing in there making you snide comments about his see that's that's
the thing that kills me about that place he's in there making snide comments about his
part and I was going to go in there like oh he with he said me like that like a little child he
was a Robert night I beg your pardon he was not beast was making that up making up what I was not
making that up come on we want to hear this if you want to get on the scale at least tell us what
he said but he was getting a manicure he was joking but he was not I mean mode really doesn't get
manicure does he well it's a good way to get rid of them dingal bears under your fingernails
he must go daily then see this is what it took to get him animated okay this is his only two
topics in the world food and when do I eat it and two is that's it and that gets him going
thought was he's for you that small potatoes compared to this you know he's going to be running
out of here at two I can just I can just see you in Moe at the casino man I can't wait until next
June or July whatever they decide to finally get the repair mutuals going in bro I can see the two of
you bonding man a couple hours up at Pompato Park by the way Kevin Wallace is back welcome back Kevin
YouTube wallie how's it going hey and Brucey and all those glam Pompato Park's doing it again
pretty exciting when I have those slots in Eric Gulfstream and Pompato Park and Hollywood gay
how to dang your highlight you'll be pledging your guts out and then you can you can make some new
converse without it out in fact he's probably he wouldn't surprise me if the moment is like
remember if you open up his wallet like butterflies and moths would fly out wouldn't surprise at least
fit out of me I'm not saying cheap you mind you but nevertheless yeah I am 17 ever nice we were
going to make that 18 hour votes easy that what you said our goal was 18 hundred two thousand oh yeah
what's your take on a Marlon's far sale the beast says he wants to wait two thousand by the time
he gets home and I think you got a show problem I couldn't give a Schmidt lesson about the Marlon 647
see that's they just don't care anymore you know it's one of those things you keep trending I'm
leaving I'm leaving home I'm we're gonna run away okay after the 4,000 time okay goodbye see you
enough already because I can't exactly it's a slap in the face to the real fans 359 you bet it is
screw the Marlon's 305 pack your bags boys you're all done here 301 you're done
no problem I'll still support the team 128 7.1% and I'm sure a lot of Marlon like this guy to
code before who's you know got a nice guy good intentions he likes taking the kid out he likes
taking pop to the game you know while pop is still breathing stuff like that but how enjoyable
can it be I mean I realized there's the atmosphere out there the smell of that raw raw
she fooled at the stadium cracker jacks yeah Pint and cracker jack I gotta understand the
red dogs are coming at town this year it's a good food right here my wife I don't want to hear
about the white socks okay how come you're not giving enough love the red socks go I tell you
say the white sock the red socks I'll never go again 39 and bought season tickets about my money
back 15 can say well I may not sound like a large number but I believe that's half of these season
tickets they sold half right there 15 want their money back now
this is 5.62.8
okay I you're my little brother so I have to show you how to celebrate the Hanukkah this is called a
cradle you spin it and see where it lands and you sing this song I have a little
cradle I made it out of clay and when it's done ready with cradle I shall play
oh cradle cradle cradle I made you out of clay cradle cradle cradle with cradle I shall play
now you try I just spin it with your fingers like this
I can't play I can't play I will play a song like all the way
I can't play the way I just want to square out hey what the hell are you doing oh
hey partner what playing trails you want to try yeah here's a little trailer that's not
it made a claim but I'm not gonna play with it because they're fucking doing this
shit come off that's too they stupid games
juice that's why they're man okay okay I made you out of clay
they stupid okay okay okay I'm gonna try it all I shall play that's why they're
named what's going on oh it's that Hanukkah thing it's you're amazing he's spinning
the thing on the ground and it goes amazing man I could work it out there let me try it
I'll try to make it spin it fell I'll try again oh cradle cradle cradle I made you out of
clay cradle cradle cradle with cradle I shall play I'll play cradle cradle cradle cradle
with cradle I shall play that's why they're named what's going on oh
you boys are all playing trails now you know the trail is a crime on a tradition for the
people yeah we know this bad that's it's still very interesting now when you want to make the
little cradle I made it out of clay and when it's trying to make me with cradle I shall
everybody get a little cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle cradle
Courtney cops I love you you're so hot on that show yeah Courtney cops yeah
we're singing about a cradle oh sorry you'll talk about this later show
