This isn't what I had in mind at all.
This isn't like Michael said in Godfather 3.
This isn't what I wanted.
Remember that?
I did.
And he looked at Connie and she sat there and then finally he gave her the evil eye and I said I'd like not to.
Yes.
Yes.
Remember that she said.
Correct.
Before he stopped.
Was it okay to start the shuttle?
Don't worry.
Do it.
Well, what was going on there?
There were switching from program to whatever.
There were switching our ability to monitor the programming there.
So Josh couldn't hear the idea.
Yeah.
And then we got on.
Everything's fine.
Oh God.
Is it super?
It's Friday.
You burst into the sky.
Exactly.
You're the star.
Are you ever thinking of this?
Yes.
Yes.
You should be the star of lethal weapons.
Now it's making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the world are the star of lethal weapons.
Leaders are bound to ask.
It was okay but what did I should have met?
Jesus Christ or?
Will it stop?
What?
We have the hope giving you four stars.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Don't see the sound till you read the book.
Jesus Christ, on the tree.
Cloud there was no heart.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Try my lecture to make me my right.
Take a look.
Jesus Christ, I'm tired of it.
I'm a little bit concerned about the way this.
Who's sitting in that control room in the last minutes of a hang show there?
When we do this concert?
I don't know.
Because I never know if the pot is open and Hank is saying,
good morning and Neil, which I assume is like a cute,
like coming and saying, hey, Humper, how are you doing?
Whatever, have a great weekend.
Don't lose too much in the pray for the Patriots.
And I don't know if I'm honorable.
And obviously that wasn't.
Right.
So who's sitting in there?
Who's controlling our destiny?
I don't know the name of these people.
John Cope and Shai are the producers.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, we know who Shai is.
Who the hell is John Cope?
Is he related to Myron Cope from Pittsburgh from KDK?
You'd have to ask him.
I'm sorry.
He's a good dad.
Yeah.
Well, he may be a good guy, but certainly needs to tell those people
who like the last couple of minutes here when Hank and I
went have like a little verbal intercourse,
open the pot.
Okay.
Open the pot, baby.
Open a freaking pot.
Then like roll a big fat one and smoke it.
Okay, roll it in the hair.
Way ahead of you.
And you can give like your whole,
your lungs can collapse, your adenoids can bust
just like that last car, Hank.
I'm talking about the left acolyte.
Oh, Jesus.
Get alive, you old fart.
You old trod.
Can you believe that?
Did you hear that?
Of course.
Talking about the...
And the guy made a voice like that.
It's not like Pharrell on acid is what it's sounding like.
Yeah, that's what it sounded like.
Not nearly as entertaining or as profane,
but nevertheless, it's the best we can do these days.
Wow.
So anyway, we have a new year's resolution,
even though it's the 14th of January,
it's never too late.
People still do these new year's resolutions all the way
well whenever they feel like quitting.
But our new year's resolution is it's Hank and Neil
and that's it.
Anything else that happens after too
and we'll leave it include the biggest.
Yeah, he's a rock solid in the morning before I get up.
So that's fine.
But it's the big go, the Humper and Neil.
After that, you guys, you're all on your own with all the respect.
I love the mad dog, but I just...
I don't have the energy anymore.
I'm just too old to quote somebody.
I'm too old and feeble and...
Or maybe I'm just getting too smart.
Because I went out yesterday and I bought score ice cream.
No, no.
I sat here and I ate a voluminous amount
which resulted in several desperate trips this morning.
But anyway, I ate a voluminous amount
and then I sat there when I finished.
I thought to myself, why am I doing this to myself?
It was very good by the way.
Oh, you ever had that?
Absolutely, it's great.
You haven't had score ice cream?
Oh, they're great.
Yeah.
SKOR like the candy bars got chunks of the candy bar.
Oh yeah.
Now most of those candy bar ice cream is below.
They are really bad.
Like, M&M's ice cream and they have no Henry ice cream.
Oh man, to puke from.
They're the ice cream bar ice cream.
Man, it is so...
Now if you don't like real sweet, then forget about it.
Very sweet.
But boy, it is...
So anyway, I finished it and I thought
my blood sugar was like 19 times 18.
What's it? It's like about 380.
I mean, just outrageous, totally unacceptable.
And I'm popping my, you know, diabetic pills.
And I started thinking, why am I doing this to myself only?
And it was only because of the stress factor
built up by this place.
See, the show, I don't...
These people out there, nothing phases me.
I don't care all these idiot colors.
Ah, you mad a con, lad.
I don't care about that.
That's...
It's fun.
Right.
Comedy.
But working for a bunch of crazy people and being caught
in the middle of this radio maelstrom,
which we got both columns today from a very jackass
and gym sarny, both of it.
And I was very, that you'd ever mentioned,
managed to find name.
Only when it gives you those inside quotes, you know,
Greg Reed said, that is Greg Reed said,
but when it's an embarrassing, humiliating, degrading situation,
it's QI management that doesn't ever close.
If there's no names involved there, you know?
Right.
Very...
I'm gonna tell you, Greg's gonna take away
your peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
If you don't cut the crap, very.
Rhymes with Mary.
Stary.
Harry.
Potter.
Harry, uh, Prince Harry.
Let me say it again.
Is the Prince Harry?
Here's a fact from Stephen Walton, mad, so says.
If you need further proof that QM is run by Bumper,
you can use guess what?
See, we don't need any more proof.
But anyway, if you do, check this out.
Then he goes on the QM website and the schedule and...
Okay.
Let me say this.
We don't pay any attention.
And even Josh Cortis has nothing to do with the QM website
anymore of that schedule.
Any of that?
Who's handling that now?
Who can we rip and ask for on it?
No, we...
That would be no one.
Nobody.
So how's this stuff getting on there?
Nobody's handling it.
So it's just there.
It's not even there.
It's not even there.
It's not there right now.
We need something.
Well, if you try to go there, it's shut down at the moment.
I'm going to go there, girlfriend.
I'm going there right now.
W-Q-A-M dot com.
For the world.
You can only...
That's com, okay.
Can only listen live, right?
I'm on it.
Yeah.
Really the site?
The landing town.
Mm-hmm.
There is a...
I got it.
Yeah.
There is a Nick Sabin.
The man with no name.
The man with no voice.
Which of them is scheduled this time?
No, but the website's there.
You said if you go there, it's not there.
You just said, Jon.
I was told that it was shut down.
Well, that's right there.
I'm looking at it.
Well, what can you do?
New man in town.
The dolphins that outstairs
is in the former Dallas Cowboys,
NFL Executive, and uh...
Joe Bailey will join the club as its new CEO.
I don't know.
They keep making just as many changes as QA.
Nobody knows who the hell's on first over there.
It fits in like a glove.
That's why they ought to stay on this station.
It's bigger all the way.
We really shouldn't be afford and lose all those millions.
We lose under the dolphin broadcast.
By the way, speaking of that,
I got an incredible inside story about the dolphin broadcast.
I probably should hold it back.
I've hinted at it over the years.
I know.
By the way, I know Wayne.
I know.
The dolphins, the Marlins,
I know that whole real story there.
Actually, the other one I felt owners would be just shocked to hear that story, huh?
Ha, ha, ha.
Might lose their hair.
What story do you know?
What?
What story you talked about?
I can't tell you all here.
Maybe I'll figure out the error.
Maybe not for the right price.
It's a very scandalous story.
It involves Wayne Heisinger.
It involves the Miami dolphins,
the Florida Marlins, and WQAM, and Greg Reed.
All of these things.
And me, because I know about it.
And nobody's supposed to know about it.
But anyway,
I just mentioned that in passing,
why you're working in negotiations there?
Okay, Wayne.
Boys, he ever slippery, man.
Talk about slippery.
You know, when you got billions of dollars,
why do you have to do dishonest things?
Why do you have to play little games behind the scenes?
But that's just the way some people are, man.
Just Larsonese and their heart.
And it's a part of their part.
It's in their heart and in their part.
Worst TV actor or actress ever we asked yesterday is or was?
We got a battle here, man.
Now, see, I'm still on that dolphin,
on that QAM thing on the website,
which Josh insists it's not there.
Well, it's there.
So somebody's running it.
Somebody's doing it.
Somebody's did them with it.
Just we don't know who it is, right?
Right.
Now, see, I'm looking at my,
oh, look at that.
We got a flat footed tie.
We better leave it on there for a minute.
Uh-oh.
Donald Trump and Tony Danza, 135 of a piece.
Chuck Norris 120.
Got a good race going.
And Rosanne and even Hunt Tony,
you can do it.
Tony Danza, who is leading most of the day,
then Donald Trump passed him like you were standing still.
Got a great horse race fixing history too, as a matter of fact,
from the New York Post.
So Donald Trump and Tony Danza, 135 of a piece,
will leave that thing on there for another minute before I swish the pull
to try to break the tie.
The worst TV actor actress ever,
worst.
Actually, Tony Danza should win because Donald right on that.
That's, you know, they just don't like him.
He's a character.
They just think the show is awful.
What's the right about that?
You're fired to the, you're fired to the,
his, his, his, his, rodent is, oh, man,
the tribute to himself that he missed.
Mr. T 83, David Caruso 78,
the man with orange with carrot top here.
Uh-uh, Donald Trump just won.
Okay, it's over.
Donald Trump won.
I don't want Donald Trump to win.
Like I said, Tony Danza won.
He's got 600 of them, I think.
Uh-uh, Torrey Spelling 71, Bob Sagitt 57,
Sagitt rhymes with maggot.
Hulk Hogan 54,
no kind to John Hogan,
the great hardest driver from New England,
who, um, my friend Derek is very big fan of.
Will Smith 50, J.J. Walker 49,
friend Drescher 32,
then Nanny, friend Drescher.
All I can say about her is.
Oh, hey.
Kelly Ripper 31, David Hasselhoff Scott.
Doctor, the man.
Bill Shatton 28,
Aston Kuchikoo 27.
Boy, he sure used to look pretty good, man.
Aston Kuchikoo, not right now, not too much.
I think it's too much of that to comedy
with that old girl, the me.
Yeah, too much comedy with the old bag.
Right up against the door, two no less.
Ellen DeGenerate 25,
Aston Williams 23,
Erica Strata 21,
Ray Romano and John Stamos 19,
Blackie, Black Mark,
I'm poor John Stamos' ass.
Johnny Mochis 16,
Irvay Vila Shays,
Lorenzo Lamas and Kiana Reeves,
each had 15.
That is absolutely un-American.
To be saying those things about Lorenzo Lamas.
And that's why that's your one off here,
because you didn't like him.
That's right.
I take credit.
What was that?
You hot?
Who's hot?
Oh, oh, yeah.
On ABC.
Right.
Are you hot?
Or something like that.
He was one of the judges,
and you didn't like him because you
totally wish you would look like that.
And quite a lot.
Well, like he used to look.
Okay.
Yeah.
But who I thought you?
You're so full of crap.
Andy Griffith 14,
John Ritter 12,
Mario Lopez from a save by the bell.
And that shows you rotten hell.
He and Jerry Seinfeld and Suzanne Summers
and Jolieta White and Danny Iello and Buddy Epson.
They all got 11.
11 seemed to be a big number on there.
In fact, look at that.
It's 11 after 10.
11.
Go bet one and one in the double.
Okay.
100 guts out.
$100 double.
One and one.
Very unusual.
They almost never come to see.
Andrew Lansbury and John Revolti each had 10.
Don Johnson 9, Freddie Prince 8.
Wow.
Now what was so bad about Freddie Prince?
I think they just go right.
Recon.
Yes, you win your people.
They just hate the recon.
I think Martin Shortvinc had done a 307.
His brother, Al Donifero, drives it Montessolo.
Bill Cosby and Alan Pickie said 6 Mertus Baxter.
I will have Meredith Baxter on our VD curtain today
by the little bonus picture.
She's not the main attraction, but she's bubbling under.
Well, the little booby picture.
Meredith Baxter, who used to be Meredith Baxter Bernie.
And she was in that show family.
Isn't that what I told you yesterday?
That's what you told her for a minute mistake.
But it's a story.
You were trying to more three.
Dick Van Dyke 2, Kate Jackson's got a pair.
Henry Winkler 1, I bet she's got a pair 2.
Max Bear 1, Jodie Foster and David Bernie each have the big.
Oh.
Poor Jodie Foster.
Dr. Lector.
Dr. Lector.
Now how could she have no votes if they paid attention to question?
Right.
She is bad.
She is a yellow one.
John Hinkley likes her a lot.
Yeah.
I think we have a little amount in the weekend to visit Jodie Foster.
What do you say?
Oh, right.
Yeah.
And by the way, mad dog.
Oh, right.
Come on.
See, when we get to those stories, which we will have to break,
the stories that Barry Jackass and Jim Sarni just everybody is full of crap.
That's where I look at it.
And of course, who am I going to believe?
Would I ever believe the company?
No.
Would I ever believe the underlings, the flunky?
No.
Would I ever believe Greg?
No.
And that goes without saying.
You talk about the champion liar.
Wow.
This guy told you was Friday.
You'd run there.
You think of the morning paper and look to see what day it was on the paper.
But anyway, it's 12 minutes after 10 at 5.
60 W.
I'd like to see the nice to see that the Fat Boy and Georgia bonding again.
Got you in public.
The new client.
That's good.
See, he's working on your behalf.
He's working feverishly to try to make up your stuff for them before they come.
The company for stabbing you in the back and trying to get you fired with Maddie Bell and another crowd.
A crew of misfits.
And of course, parents who admitted this morning, he wants to beast on the show.
1013 at 560 WQM Neil Rogers.
All right.
It's going to hold my day.
But by night, a couple of Jews on a man's search for spirits and free food.
They say this place is haunted.
Oh, yeah, but they got good food on top.
Welcome to the lighthouse of the deathbed and breakfast.
Our soup of the day is oyster.
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to be?
Who?
I mean, I'm still in joy, sir.
And as we always say around here, what's that?
Boo.
Say no.
What?
I think that's our soul.
Yeah, how about that?
Your soup, sir.
Thank you.
You see that?
It's a...
Oh!
Probably just dust.
Now leave me alone.
I'm eating over here.
I'm just going to point out of here like that.
And there's such a thing my nose.
Why you?
Oh, the water is moving.
Shut up, you moron.
I can't just see.
I'm trying to finish my soup.
Yeah!
I can't enjoy my meal.
I can't enjoy my meal.
I can't...
I can't...
What's the meaning of all this?
You were invited here.
Oh, she is.
I think I know who's at the bottom of this chasaraje.
I'll just pull a mask off his face.
But it was great read all along.
Well, and I would have got a win with it too,
with not for you meddling mumsers.
That makes no sense.
Yeah, I know.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Speaking of meddling mumsers, 20 after 10.
Oh, and so the guy steam the waltz and mass if you think?
It's bizarre that the schedule is screwed up on our website.
Which somebody looks at that thing anyway.
It's a joke.
Here's the schedule I have in front of me for today.
The program schedule.
This...
This is epitomized.
I got two things, okay?
Most people only have one thing, but I got two things.
Good to have us there.
Yeah.
Now, let's see.
The first one I'm going to play a little audio to give you an idea of what's going on
here.
I played this for Clarence this morning who was in there, shoesing around instead of
making up a new schedule.
What's he should have been doing?
Listen to this.
Dark card.
Dark loud.
It's the man, dog.
If we need some 40 seven sports radio fighters.
Something keyway has in my inventory.
Yeah.
Right.
Like least, sure.
And I guess I'm not going to be playing that one.
Who's on anywhere?
I'm going to continue embarrassing myself and indulging, you know, Clarence and Muffin,
the Greg and these people.
Whatever you got on, you got on.
Okay, let us know when you figure it out.
Schedule basis, the big O5 and 7, the Humper 7 and 10.
And by the way, Hank, I'm delighted to have verbal intercourse in the morning if they would
open up the pot.
You got to open up the pot because if you say good morning and I'm not being anti-social
I just there, you can't hear me because we have a bunch of lung kids running that place.
Neil Rogers, 10 and 2, says, we're back to our 10 and 2.
I love it.
I love that part of it.
Then after that, it says, how are David and 2 to 4?
Jim Manage 4 to 7.
TBD to be determined 7 to 10, which is unsatisfactory.
And then 80K at 10.
How's that for a schedule, huh?
And then this is the one on a website somewhere that we know is always wrong anyway.
This is the schedule for today for us to promote on the air.
How do you like that?
I mean, my bacon now, but I promote it twice.
Hmm?
Hmm.
I think we should just bring it.
What?
Josh is going for a brownie.
I feel left out.
Now they're actually like graham crackers.
Really?
Well, I like graham crackers.
In fact, I like graham cracker ice cream.
You ever heard that?
Graham cracker ice cream.
Yeah.
That's a...
You know, everything.
Now there's ice cream with everything.
I've had ice cream where I sprinkled rolled in grams in it, which was really good.
Right.
Well, you don't have to do that anymore because now you can buy it.
Hmm.
I'm not a no more ice cream.
No more ice cream.
No more of this QA I'm stressing for me, even by long distance, they're destroying my life.
All you grave robbers, grave blow out your ass.
Okay, get lost.
Get away from me.
I had said debilitating place.
I think that they're contributing to a hostile environment and they ought to be sued.
Don't you?
Oh, yeah.
Definitely, Tom.
It's a lawsuit.
Anyway, here's the uphold today.
We don't have any names on it.
Well, George put Jesus Christ on there.
Right on.
Jesus you Christ.
Anyone famous person throughout history who would it be?
I'm not asking if I was right about all this stuff.
And George put Jesus Christ.
Right.
I don't I've thought about it.
I think it's an interesting question and we've done stuff like that before.
It's not original.
It's so you know, but if you can have like lunch, we're not talking about sex now.
Who's bowling with you like to that?
I forget about that.
Don't forget about it, but set it to a different time zone.
But this is about who it like Kevin did it with or spending an hour or two with.
Somebody famous from history that I think would be really interesting and fascinating and palpitating whatever.
You know, since it's a fantasy, we can speak their language, right?
Whatever it might be.
Whatever you want.
Right.
You know, and look as like if you wanted to you know, visit with Alexander the great, for example,
Right.
Want to be able to speak Greek.
See there you go.
It's not even 10 30 and you're already talking Greek.
See what I mean?
I mean, some people are one dimensional.
So all they know is that.
Correct.
I think Maddie Bell had a point about you and Dwight Latter-Dale.
Hey Dwight, they're talking about to ass on Q and again.
Dwight, if you could meet any one famous person throughout history who would it be?
And I see it's from industry spots, but we don't have time for that right now anyway.
We'll get to all a couple of names.
George is going to have Jesus Christ now.
Alexander the great.
You put an Alexander on there?
Yeah, I can do that.
Don't be a geek right up the Greek.
Carmella the chisry.
We don't know.
I haven't no idea.
Decizani.
That would be how you'd say in the Italian.
Carmella Decizani.
It's lovely.
Is it?
She's lovely.
So I'm going to say that.
She's lovely too.
And I discovered her man first.
I had it on her for like branded the world.
I said to a Warren Beatty and fall fall down.
I saw her first.
You know, it's funny.
I already had a picture of her, but since I didn't know who the hell she was.
Right.
And the father descended along.
Well, you know, you can thank me now.
Thank you.
Carmella.
And she, of course, was the girlfriend of Jeff Garcia.
A lady called George.
The court doesn't believe that because he thinks Jeff Garcia is gay.
Yeah.
Why?
I mean, just because you buy into rumors.
Just because you're so easy.
I haven't heard what you mean.
I haven't heard what you mean.
I was definitely.
I just made it up.
In a slaughter was gay.
Ten Williams was gay.
Okay.
I just said it.
Does that make it so because a bunch of idiots say Jeff Garcia is gay.
There are only rumors.
And why is it ugly?
So what if he is gay?
No, it wasn't about a rumor.
I just, you know, I suspect that hell get out of here.
You, it wasn't about a rumor.
Everybody there.
Brothers says that.
Especially on this radio station, man.
Homophobic Central.
It's only, you know, on this one, the fact that one, the fact.
I got news for you.
If you know all the facts that are playing professional sports,
all these whole sports-nured things would just collapse.
There you go.
There you go.
Carmella.
When you get rid of it, you want to play it on your own.
You're rid of those things.
They sound horrible.
They do.
They continue.
Anyway, Carmella was born July 1st, 1982 in Avon Lake, Ohio.
She was playing with, uh, Playboy's 2004, playing in the year.
Um, yeah.
And then it says Show More.
You know, on IMD we have to give you like a little line.
Right.
I always say Show More.
Well, we're shown as much as we can on air and believe me.
Let me, is it up there?
I didn't take a look at the beat of the crew now.
I make sure Eric is on.
Let's see.
Click to visit if you're already aged 75.
I'm getting there.
There she is.
Wow.
Holy cow.
Man.
And then there's a, uh, woo.
What was that show with, uh, Tony Dow and Ziri Madders?
Leave it to what?
Anyway, don't say it.
And then there's, uh, then there's, uh, Meredith Faxter too.
With a whole bunch of booby shots.
It's the one and only, uh, exposure.
And then the vet is the Supreme Court Justice.
It's all, uh, yeah.
I'll start making it.
So anyway, she was in, let's see.
Playboy Video Playmate calendar 2005.
The WWE taboo Tuesday.
Raw D research casting special.
2004 Playboy Video Playmate calendar.
Who wants to be a Playboy Center for Sunday Night Heat, A.K.A.W.W.E. Sunday Night Heat.
Raw is war and, uh, Howard Sternshow, Family Feud.
Huh.
The Playboy Playmates against the Bachelors.
And Streets Mars playing herself to January 2004.
So she's been in a lot of that kind of stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
Carmella.
She is, uh, what are they?
How does Toddi's we've had on there ever?
She's pristine.
Yeah.
She is just fine.
And I, I discovered her.
Now, who was that, who was that, uh, actress in that they were like,
phoning over and all fall down?
Who was in that movie?
I don't know.
Carmaldon was in there.
They weren't phoning over him.
I better look at her.
That's the movie now.
I would, I'll tell you what.
Put Brandon DeWilda on the, uh, pull.
You know how to spell it?
No, it doesn't.
Small De Capital WILDE.
Brandon DeWilda can handle.
Yeah.
From that movie.
DeWilda Beast.
I'd like to have sat down.
Now, again, see, I just got to say another sexual thing.
But just to have lunch with him, I would have been, and he's dead now.
He got hit by a car.
He got to kill the car crash.
But in that particular movie, he, uh, I just would like to see if he really looked
that good in person as he didn't have movie.
If anybody could be, if any guy could be that pretty, he was real pretty.
Let's see, all fall down.
Here it is.
John Freck and I were directed it, produced by John Houseman.
Wow.
And in it, Warren Beatty, even, oh, even where he said that's who they were,
ogling and fighting over.
I saw our first very, very, Warren Beatty, the character he played was very, very.
It's a cubic kind of an idea what kind of a family it was.
Carl Maldon, Angela Lansbury, branded the world and Barbara Baxley.
That's, uh, black and white.
It's a very depressing, morbid movie.
But that's Waco's.
28 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM, Adam Tyran and sales, by the way, since January is always very slow.
That's why we have these very short breaks on the show this week.
We don't believe that.
Just an excuse, and we're waiting for the Vermont Teddy Bear account to show up again in time for Valentine's Day,
which is only a month from today, isn't it?
February 14th, right?
I just mentioned these things because I got a,
I'm not taking any crap from people anymore.
That's my New Year's resolution.
I mean, as little as I took in the past, it's, uh, multiply that times a thousand.
No excuses, no BS, no slack and off.
Just get with it, okay?
Just start being a, just a little bit professional.
I realize that word is unacceptable to you.
But just start looking up at a book and figure out what it means.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players,
Pompadopark Racing and Poker is your place to be to gamble your guts out.
Pompadopark features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
like today and every Saturday, Tuesday, Tuesday.
Poker starts at noon and live harness racing gets underway.
Nightly at 7.25 at a p.m.
Look out for Wally Hennessey, man.
He is dangerous.
And don't forget every Monday night there's a two for $25 dinner special
in the top of the park, rest on the sixth floor.
You'll see that, Rich.
There's shoveling his face for free.
Every Wednesday night, dollar night for draft beer, soda hot dogs and more.
And best of all, my personal favorite, the first Monday of every month,
the first Monday of every month owning, not every Monday.
Okay, you got that straight, free spray at the end of the night on the fourth floor at Pompadopark.
The first Monday of every week, just market on the counters are good idea.
And then go there and just shovel it down your push.
Pompadopark is also of course open every day, seven days and nights,
a week between the best and harness racing, thoroughbred racing and highlight
from all across North America for you to watch and wager on.
Pompadopark blocks south Atlantic Boulevard and Powerline Road for the new racing schedule.
And I'm sure they have the right one on their website.
Go to Pompadopark.com or call them at 9.5.4.
9.72, 2000. Don't forget poker room is open at noon today.
Live racing starts at night 7.25 at a p.m.
The coolest thing that we do is it's commutively on 5.50.
UAM.
This is Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC and overlord of D.C.C.
rubbing my two-biller legs tightly together to make my voice does five.
How can I help you?
This is one of your 28 concerned students who want everybody to be just like us that always rights are called you.
Always a pleasure hearing from you.
What can I ban for you today, my holy sister?
Well, I'm watching TV, LAN, and they're running an old show from the 60s that I believe is course and damaging to the tender minds of our trophy children.
What show is this?
It's, well, I can only say the middle name, Van.
What's the first name?
It's same as our decent vice president.
DICK!
Yes.
And the last name?
The vice president's daughter.
DICK?
Isn't DICK Van DICK?
Oh, Lord, forgive us.
I believe both those words are on the list.
I wish you would direct if they had the show permanently banned from the airways and sip fines for any mention of DICK DICK.
I love you.
I love you.
W.2 Honey, push plans.
Go go go go.
27-11-560 WQAM.
Anyway, here's a fact that's obviously from Maddie Bell.
It says LKB.
You know what you'd say M.B. on there?
Okay.
It says it seems like you're trying to get Greg Reed fired.
Oh, what a thought.
Stop it.
He works hard.
You don't appreciate anything.
What are you trying to do?
Get George Rodriguez to take over Granks position?
That sounds like a plan.
Cut the horsemen and stop picking on Gellie, Greg, and Howard.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
We don't pick on Howard, by the way.
We like,
we love him.
We love him.
Right.
The more we see him, the more we love him.
At any rate, interesting enough, it must be like a whole conspiracy of people
have to get very fired.
Nothing that he's done himself.
And of course, working hard is rather amusing because every time there's a crisis,
what does he do?
He disappears.
He goes on vacation.
He leaves town.
The sun is shining, though.
Very jackass, right?
And we thought that Greg had very in his back pocket, but now that the hero has their
working relationship with 790 ESPN radio, now I noticed that the tone of
the expression was right.
Right.
Then we get some more names on this list before I start doing these two stories, the Sony and
the very young boys.
WQM, hello.
Yeah, I've once been a poll.
Yes, sir.
Gary Lewis, I'm Gary Lewis from the Playboys.
And why would that be?
Just put it on it.
I don't ask me to quit.
Man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Yes.
Put it on there, John.
Yeah.
Gary Lewis.
I got another one.
Michael Moore.
There were people who would like to meet him.
Maybe sit down for a couple of meals.
All at the same time.
Oh, brother.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That one's for your poll, actually, too.
Okay.
Bill Clinton and Hunter S. Thompson.
Hunter S. Thompson, okay.
Two good choices.
Maybe I like a three-way dinner.
Yeah, and maybe we'll smoke.
Okay.
Have a great time.
Okay, we know it in hell.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Let's get a few names on there.
Then we can get on with our appointed rounds here.
I want our business.
Sure.
I'll finish my bacon.
I apologize for eating the bacon on here, because I try not
to eat on here like a slab anymore.
Oh, okay.
I usually do what I was down there.
Well, I forgot.
We had so much stuff going on, you know, before the show.
We had visits from Doc, but a visit from Clarence.
Yeah, let's see.
Here's the fact.
Well, I'm just grabbing a fan here from the...
Oh, ha ha ha ha ha.
Didn't take long to impress Steve, whoever Steve is.
He says, if I could meet any famous person throughout history, I would
love to meet Carmella Ditchesari.
Wow.
Please put her on and you're pulled too.
Yeah, thanks Steve.
Have a good taste.
Yeah, put her on a pole.
They'd like what they see or they'd like to meet her.
But if I go and see on a pole, would she kick that girl?
That's what the story said.
Yeah.
Don't start it with that Jeff Garcia rumor stuff again.
Okay.
So that enough that Josh Shure courtes there keeps picking on poor
little Jeff.
He's talking about him.
Well, the stress with the story was all about.
She was his boy, a girl.
She was his boyfriend.
Okay.
Boy.
Yeah, boy.
That's what the audience is saying.
Boy, oh boy.
Better take a look at Carmella.
We're not exaggerating.
No.
I think you had the right word pristine.
Clean and pristine and as sweet as it gets, Matt.
So every heterosexual guy wants right there.
Even I'm very impressed.
And I know I did discover her.
Nice going in.
Just like I, you know, Britney Spears.
Because you wouldn't know Britney Spears from Spears of Broccoli before I find the
Eritre under her with that Rolling Stone thing.
Right.
And it's the old bag, man.
He's got the eye.
The queer eye for the straight guy.
Yeah.
I'm the one who invented that crap.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, little.
I'm out of jazz here before I in November of 63.
Before the bullet slide.
Okay.
Thanks, pal.
Thank you.
JFK.
Okay.
I don't think you want to meet him now.
WQAM.
Hello.
I know.
I know.
What do you got?
Keys, Richard.
Keys, Richard.
It's okay.
All righty.
How are you?
We're never going to stop that first call.
That's my kind of call or I like that.
I like your altitude, pal.
Don't ask any questions.
Just put it on there.
Let's play that over and over.
Oh, boy.
That was good.
WQAM.
Hello.
I like to speak with Neil Rogers, please.
Yeah, I bet you would.
Who's his Gary Lewis?
River Joe.
Oh, and who it is?
Oh, well, we don't want to speak to you.
How do you like that?
That's called Tick for Tatt.
Gov.
QAM.
Hello.
Hey, I got a name for you, Paul.
Yes, sir.
Ted Williams.
Ted Williams before they froze his head.
Okay.
Thank you very much, pal.
Ted Williams.
In fact, maybe you can still speak to him, huh?
Just month they head up.
Just go to lunch at a fancy restaurant and put Ted's head on the other side there with
the other plate.
In fact, just put it on the plate.
What do you say?
Ted was always good when he stepped up to the plate.
Let's see how he works out in Ruth Chris.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Neil God.
Yes, ma'am.
How about John Lennon?
John Lennon would be great, especially before the Bull is passed.
Right.
I just like it as to what is up with that Yoko's.
Exactly.
Maybe he could have bought him a pair of glasses, but I'm going to be a big thing.
Well, he already wore glasses.
That was the problem.
He wore those funky little, I don't think those were like real glasses, you know?
Yeah, maybe.
Those are like make believe.
Okay, thanks a lot, Peter.
Have a great weekend.
See, we'll get a million names on here now.
John Lennon.
Not to be confused with the Lennon sisters.
Jesus Christ is winning.
Michael Moore's got the three, but Jesus has 21.
See, you're the one responsible for that.
Well, drag all those Jesus Christ's eyes out of here.
It would work again.
22 before 11.
Here's our schedule for the rest of the day.
My life and love.
This is 4356.
You weigh in.
Stayin was just an ordinary receiver student until that fatal day.
Out, watch these some kind of radioactive spider.
What am I over here, little Miss Muffet?
Indeed, it was no ordinary spider.
And he is no ordinary superhero.
He is Spider-Man.
You want I should shoot spider webs out of my wrist?
Hey, for a hundred and fourteen million opening weekend, I shoot the filter fish out of my pockets.
Spider-Man, fill and scare him.
Women desire him.
I, Spider-Man, I love you, dude.
Well, thank you. I got it wholesale.
The two free pairs are tights.
Yeah, I know a guy.
Spider-Man, instilling guilt in the hearts of evil doers.
Show your head, take over the world.
I'm sure you're making your palm of the very proud Spider-Man.
Now showing him theaters everywhere.
I, but it's killing it, the gossiates one time even.
Span a Jeff Garcia, I just took a look at Carmella again.
I just can't get over that picture.
Just we'll leave that up there.
Well, all weekend would be good.
Right?
What a plan.
But I think Josh ought to listen to some of the Chicago records.
Why?
And start thinking about Peter Sattera.
Remember the lead singer?
Well, he was lead singer in a lot of songs.
Right.
And it's several lead singers, Bobby Lamb, and over these.
But Peter Sattera was lead.
And he was as swishy sounding and looking as anybody
with a high falsetto voice, you know.
And he's got like 85 kids.
What?
Neil Siddak, there's another one for you.
Is there a stop to have a kid?
Yes.
Is there anybody any swishy or a pyramid?
You have it a good time.
I mean, he looks like he's going to float away.
In the meantime, well, I don't know what his story is,
but man, he must have a little header role.
And because he's got 400 kids.
It's a little, but it's busy.
I say a little something is busy.
So just because Jeff Garcia may act,
although I do think he's a fact.
Now, here's the fact that it's just,
I thought the mad dog had signed a contract.
Oh, well, here you go.
To do for a certain term, show here the mad mad, the moment.
What happened?
Why won't mode just go away?
Well, good thing mode didn't go away.
Or we'd have like get air for three hours.
You're running my right?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Here's the story.
I kind of like put this off now that we got the whole audience
gathered while they're radio.
And their computers as well.
Just opening up that picture of Carmelo de Chazari.
Uh, Barry Jackass writes,
Mania is still raining and WQM is still raining.
It's something to be shown, but it's always raining at QAM.
Let there be no doubt, writes Barry.
WQM is a zoo.
Absolutely correction.
Where nobody, not even management, seems to know who's on first
or who's on a two for that matter.
And again, Barry.
Absolutely correct.
In the past few years, WQM inspired two former morning hosts,
then rehired them before they left the year.
Twice suspended its long time afternoon host, no try three times, twice.
Then reconciled and moved them to mornings
and talked about how much money it's losing on the dolphins,
then prepared a final attempt to keep the teams' rights.
This week raised the absurdity to new heights,
for it could even be more.
Absolutely correct.
I don't think so.
WQM debuted its new lineup with one small problem.
The station didn't bother getting everyone under contract first.
Now the afternoon lineup is at risk of falling apart.
And like I said, after yesterday, I'm not going to let it bother me anymore.
Because that's what I can do about it.
We just start here every day through the best we can.
And what goes on around us?
I mean, Hank's doing a fine job.
He had a really good solid for his week.
Rock solid.
It sounds really happy in the morning.
And we're delighted to have Monter's leading.
And we actually would do that little crossover if somebody were open to pot.
But other than that, after two, we're on your own, Greg.
We don't want to be involved.
And that's certainly nothing personal, because we love the mad dog.
And even more, we're starting to feel cosy, right?
Right?
Right.
But nevertheless, it's just not personal.
It's just business.
Jim Madditch, who told the Harold on Monday night, he was accepting WQM's offer
to afford a 7 p.m. show, changed his mind Thursday.
Because the station continues to insist he signed an 18-page document with numerous restrictions.
And boy, if anybody's...
And they try to get Hank to sign that same deal, by the way.
I know that for a fact.
Does nobody told you this morning?
Yes.
And they try to get me to sign it.
And I said, no.
Here, here's your checkers on the way back.
Okay, you're signing bonus to whatever the...
Oh, you're not on the same bag, yeah.
I told you, I told you, Joyce, nobody with any self respect is going to sign that crap.
Because in addition to which, if you had a sign that crap, every time we have said anything you didn't like,
everybody would be fired to do.
You wouldn't have anybody on here.
It exposes an incredible lack of understanding on their part of what this business is all about.
Of why people listen to Hank Goldberg, Jim Madditch, Nearodgers, Joe Rose.
So Thursday, Manditch declined to work to 4 to 7 p.m. shift instead of filled his former 2 to 4 p.m. slot under terms of an old contract that runs through December 2005.
I was not able to work out a new contract with W. Kim Madditch, said the language was very onerous, so I will stay 2 to 4 for now.
As a result, how are David and I, who earlier was given the 2 to 4 p.m. slot, agreed to work 4 to 7 p.m. Thursday for Posterous, he said, off the air.
Absolutely.
David appropriately then played the Twilight Zone music to start his show.
Manditch, meanwhile, indefinitely, in fact, I got that on tape, I may be able to find it and I'll play like a few seconds.
I don't know, were you listening when we finished yesterday to have technical problems in the control room? Did you hear that?
No.
So they played the open for Madditch's show and then it was like all this little bit of dead air and then the music came on.
And I thought, oh, there's a brawl in the hallway or something going on.
And it's come to find out it was one of those very frequent QA and technical difficulties.
Anyway, Manditch, meanwhile, indefinitely, postponed decision whether to stay at WQM, removed the 7 ID ESPN radio, which wants him for a 1 to 4 p.m. show.
Although the dolphins are expected to hear a final pitch from WQM today, the team is still moving to a deal with 7 ID, which would not want Manditch on the games unless he does a talk show for their station.
David had said the dolphins told him he is very highly thought of in the organization, which I guess I forgot that Wayne hates him, and gave reasonably they want you and I back.
But David's future is very much in doubt if the game is move up the dial. It says, very jackass.
Okay, there's column numero uno. There's number one. You ready? Strap yourself in for Jim Sarni.
Let's see. Jeff, what does that say in downtown Mining or Joel?
Joel, it says Neil God, Jerry Garcia as long as he brings the brownies.
Oh, that's bad. Don't be putting Jerry Garcia on it.
Yeah, Jerry Garcia.
You already did?
Yeah, from the day of the year.
How about Jerry Garcia?
Who?
Now, Manditch on the Jim Sarni's column. It's Manditch time somewhere.
Sarni writes more craziness to WQM. Jim Manditch is back at 2 p.m. Howard David is not line at 4.
Maybe the station should change his call it or is WCH AOS WKOS.
Then there used to be that KOS KOS radio. Well, I wasn't a real station.
Where the sublime becomes the ridiculous said, David, as he signed on to the theme from the Twilight Zone on Thursday.
So what's happening? Manditch was set to sign a new deal for the afternoon drive.
Slot this week, but certain issues couldn't get resolved.
One of them being the matter of interviews. Manditch doesn't do interviews and finds them boring.
I'm not saying my way is better, but I prefer to do my own show.
Manditch said, I don't know why if you expand your show by an hour.
You have to do interviews. And of course, see, they got three guys.
All you do is wind us up and let us go. Hank, Neil and, uh, Mad Dog.
And even more. Four guys. Just wind us up and let us go. Right?
Right. Don't interfere. Don't start programming the show.
Don't start trying to pretend you're a talk show programmer, which you know nothing about.
So Manditch told WQ me we'd go back to 2PM under his current 2005 contract.
I'm going to sit tight and see what develops. He said the wild card is that often radio deals.
Sorry, he says, manages the color of voices that often sets his identity.
And it's bigger than any sports talk radio gig. Oh, yeah, right.
If the dolphins leave WQM for $790 ESPN radio, Manditch may follow the football.
We've had ongoing talks with ESPN radio, Manditch said I'm not rooting anything out.
In other words, he's keeping his options open. Okay.
Is what it boils down to. But in the meantime, because our management is less
this all just blow up in the air after the stern business.
Now we're sitting without a lineup. We got we had a lineup from 5 a.m. to 2PM.
And the rest is like, you know, and I know Mad Dog is doing a two to four today at publics as somewhere.
But we don't we can't even tell you which one because we don't have an accurate schedule.
Because Florence is too busy and they're playing grab ass with the beast.
That's how much we know what's going on. You know, I really resent and I really mean this.
What did I tell you before the show today? The first thing I told you. Yeah.
The only way we find out what's going on is every Friday.
We read very jackass and Jim Sardin in the hero of the Sunsettle.
And that's the only way we know what's going on. Nobody tells us anything.
Muff comes in here every morning. She's got nothing to tell you.
And Clarence comes in here with his dog and pony show trying to be a comedian.
And they tell us nothing. Nothing. And so that's what we'll pass out to the art.
It's nothing because that's what we know. Other than it's a mess.
And everything that we just read from Starnie and it's very jackass about the embarrassment.
And he said, it's all true. But I'm not even any more ice cream.
I'm not going to kill myself or do I read? Okay.
For God it keeps running away every time we ever promise.
It goes on extended vacation after it tells you a bunch of tales,
stables, stories, pervert occasions.
Oh, we got a death. We got a death report. Oh,
bread, co-founder, Jimmy Griffin dies. Oh, no.
Member bread, David Gates. Sure. James Arthur, Jimmy Griffin.
Oh, not Jimmy Arthur. Remember him? No.
Old Trump driver, Jimmy Arthur. What? Excellent driver.
James Arthur, Jimmy Griffin. What?
Definitely. Was a founding member of the dog Arthur, I think, is his son.
Hey, listen, why it comes to harness racing names? That's what I'm going to do.
Until we get this all straight now, I'm just going to send our read harness racing names for four hours every day.
Hey, they want me to do a sports show. So go ahead.
And what about if I had some guests? I will have Erbe, Erbe, Erbe, Erbe, Erbe, Erbe, Erbe, Erbe, Erbe,
Moan Jackie Lier, the same person. Now we love Moan, who is all right?
Don't love him, but we tolerate him. He's okay. He's okay.
No, seriously, he's at least trying to... I'll say this, he's like the Ebenezer Scrooge Radio.
Came in trying to get everybody fired, didn't, and was obnoxious and disgusting, and everybody hated him.
And now he's seen the light. He flipped out, and he flipped his light. He let his hair down.
And he's at least got a sense of humor, which when you work here, man, you got to have one.
Now let's see. Do I dare try playing some of this? Let's see what I got.
See, there's nothing but spots. Those people that read about the format in the afternoon, they're read about that.
See yourself.
There's nothing but spots on his tape. I tried to like tape, because I didn't want to sit here.
You know, I had to go out and buy ice cream. Put it on my sorrows.
The battery powered Miami is digital powered, Phoenix will fizzle Miami.
Yeah.
Well, do respect. I just want to hear the beginning of the Moan show.
Stuff a lot. You know.
The man was indestructible.
Okay. Anyway, James Jimmie Griffin, a founding member of the 1970s top group, Bread, and shared an Oscar for co-writing for All We Know.
Remember the Carpenters for All We Know? That and then very depressing. Her music was good, but morbid, you know.
Like rainy days and Mondays. You want to commit suicide by with Karen Carpenter.
How appropriate.
Anyway, yeah, how appropriate. Jimmy Griffin died of complications of cancer. He was 61.
Griffin who died two days home in Franklin, Tennessee, sang harmony and played guitar with bread, who soft rock hits,
soft rock hits included, make it with you, baby. I'm going to want you with everything I own written by the group's lead singer David Gates.
David Gates, great voice. Incredibly ugly. Man, he was a really ugly guy. He looked like his head got hit by a freight train.
Don't look ever silent.
Good. Throw all we know from the movie Lovers and Other Strangers, one of 70 Academy War was a hit for the Carpenters.
Griffin also wrote such a country hits as Conway Twitties, who's going to know and wrestle the charts you can depend on me.
Oh, yeah. The band on me, remember that? No.
The annoying. There you can. Griffin was raised in Memphis and moved to Hollywood, California, the early 1960s.
He David Gates and Rob Royer released Brez debut album in 1968. Griffin left the band in 1973 and rejoined in 1976 before broke up in a swirl of rancor and lawsuits.
The black tie with former Eagles member Randy Meisner and became a regular on the national scene in the early 90s with the band The Remingtons.
Not to be confused with the Remingtons who did Papa Umao-mao. Right? Right. Remember the Remingtons? I do.
I don't think we can say that anymore. No.
Oh, I'm choking up my bacon. He survived by his wife Marty and daughter and he died.
So that's stated by Jimmy Griffin. Not to be confused with Jimmy Ruffin. Right? Right.
And let me ask you, what does become of the broken hearted? They died.
Okay. If you could meet any one famous person throughout history, who would it be? Jesus Christ 39, Carmella, they see Dixiazadi 13.
Oh, yeah. We're going to make her famous or yeah, we're going to make you raw this weekend.
John Lennon 5, Hunter Thompson 4, Bill Clinton 4, Michael Moore 4, JFK 3, Keith Richards got appear Alexander the Great 2, Jeff Garcia.
I mean Jerry. Jerry Garcia. He's got one Gary Lewis one brand in the world has got one and Ted Williams none 79 votes.
Well, I have a list of 8,000 names by two o'clock. Here are some facts. Bob and 4, Lauderdale says how about Albert Einstein?
Okay. He could be our general manager. All we already have a rocket scientist, but got him Einstein. We got him.
Bill and 4 Lauderdale says, after visiting your beaten crew today, I learned a very valuable lesson.
If you have a 19 inch NEC extra view multisync LCD monitor and you put your tongue on it, you will get shocked.
Oh, no. Here's one that says from Sergio and Hielia, I would love to meet the only problem being it says MEAT.
I would love that. I beg your pardon? I think you meant that. No. You're standing at just like Marvin, you know. Sorry.
I would love to meet Carmella. Wow. Gotta go to the bathroom with a picture of me websites.
Let's go. Okay. When it out, don't worry about John. Now this is Heidi flies. Probably have some interesting stories or John Glenn.
Same reason interesting stories. Maybe like to hear about the moon. Right? Or you're a. The moon or Uranus or maybe you like to hear about the.
That might be it. Anyway, so we got a lot of names on here. By the end of the day, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and a variety of things.
I'm just not going to do it. I'll queue up the beginning of most of you. Did you hear it? No. You'll find it.
Someone amusing. I have a QA. Hello. I'll go. Yeah. One for you. That one's at the ball. Okay, pal. It's a print.
I like to ask him what the hell he was thinking. Okay, print. Terry. Oh, we got a print. Terry story. This guy must be psychic.
UK's Charles order sons to visit Auschwitz. I'd like to see the whole royal family in Auschwitz.
And I also got another story that ties in with that one about about. I'll get to touchy subject of royal links with Nazi Germany.
Remember I've been talking about that and brought it up again the other day because of this prince. Everything with his swastika.
You know, if anybody else did that, some slept from off the street running around with a swastika arm band on.
They'd drag it away and like probably put them in a hooscoff for 20 years. But oh, well, it was just you know, youthful indiscretion. Yeah, right.
Right. All the excuses all the time. You silly ass world. You're royal licking Brits, man. You people desperately need some help.
If you've ever been to England or have ever been in like Amsterdam or anywhere in especially Amsterdam because I know we can do it so close.
And all the adrunken Brits. I'm sorry for the redundancy there. They they come in a like swarm upon a city and they hang out there loud and I'm rude and obnoxious and disgusting and out of control.
And most of them with those big fat little stick next. You know the big head. Right. Oh, God.
That's what Britain's all about. And to think that these people run world. The planet is about India, Australia. Right. America. New Zealand. America. South Africa.
Las Malvinas. Where was that the Dutch? I guess that was the Dutch. What South Africa? No, the Brits. Really? Oh, that's right. They had both. They're both here.
And they had any rate. I'm American. And a lot of violence. What? And a lot of violence. Don't forget. Yeah, a lot of violence, a lot of slavery, a lot of torture, a lot of brutality, the bloody aspects.
And I think God is punishing them. That's why they all turn into a bunch of. You will listen to Neil Rogers.
By the way, on 5.6.6.8.
At U.A.M.
This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions?
May 5th. Sync goes in by a Mexican national holiday.
On stations are giving oil trips to Pancuzum. We're getting away from Mexico City. We're bringing Mexico to you. That's right. We're giving away Mexico.
Real life, Mexican. I. You're around. We'll be swaddling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel. Well, the station back. Then we hope you won't do you. You imagine your own personal Mexican.
Watch your car. Your house. Your car. And you think you want because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Be the 10th color when you hear this out and win on Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Fading in delos into Mexicans is winners responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Elevates single-ville my own home. Every day with your very own Mexican people to think of it.
Okay, the reason is a little positive. I'm chewing this thing up. I'm trying to be your most power.
To get in. 567. O560. Soul free and dating. Broward.
Or sometimes I'm going to go to the car. Now let's talk sports on sports radio 560.
The sun.
The listening to you 2 a.m. for this one. It comes ridiculous. For the unexpected is normal.
When normal is never reached. For the sands of the hourglass never turn over. Where man is an island.
With a mag dog and Howard wait to find out if they're on foot or horseback.
When the smoke clears.
That was the open for a most show yesterday. That was pretty good. There was. And fit in like a rubber glove.
Anyway, so anybody thinks that I'm exaggerating what comes to Greg Reed and the beesleys and Joyce in this whole thing.
I have never seen such total disarray and such madness and insanity. And just I guess it makes it exciting. I don't know.
But I'm not eating no more ice cream to make them happy. You know what I mean?
So here's a fact from Leonard. I'd like to meet a young Hitler so I could put an axe to his skull. That sounds like a good idea.
Maybe he could ask him a couple of questions and then put the axe to his skull. Hitler put him on there.
Prince Harry like to me and maybe he will. Maybe he'll meet the ghost. Hitler at Auschwitz. Britain's Prince William has been ordered to join his.
Terrible younger brother Harry. What does that mean? Terrible. What is that? No idea. I've heard a far rock away. But I know what Terrible. I've heard a Terrible.
Jersey's he's been ordered to join his Terrible younger brother Harry on a private visit to Auschwitz.
The news perfectly reported today is a schedule of a over Nazi regalia and got the two young royals. Harry 20 provoked outrage this week when photos of him wearing a swastika.
The costume party appeared in the British sun newspaper. But William 22, second line of the throne, was at the same party and even according to the paper went along to help his brother choose the Nazi outfit.
I didn't know that. Did you? No. Oh, and here's that. Here's the American prisoners. They look just like cheerleaders. Anyway, so William helped them pick it out.
Oh, that this I got to get to that next story. But first this one. Now their father, Prince Charles, who loves Clay Aiken, wants to appear to make a private visit to the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz in Paris.
They're pulling to atone for their mistake according to the sun. A spokesman for Charles to climb a comment. But royal sources refused to rule out the possibility of a trip saying only that the pair would not join a British delegation. January 27th, the Vance to commemorate 60 years since the liberation of Auschwitz.
The sun reported the princes would visit the camp in the near future with a Jewish charity. The royal sources said while no such this had been planned at present, any trip to Auschwitz would be private.
The board of deputies of British Jews, the board of deputies of British Jews, did you even hear that? No. Wow.
And by the way, we're going to break all records. I believe on our website today. Okay. Thanks to me. Thanks to Carmella. Thanks to Zadi. Carmella of Caesar. Caesar was her daddy. Okay. It's Zadi. Right. Who's your dad? That's what that means. Caesar. In fact, a lot of guys out there were sure would love to Caesar. And then by something.
The board of deputies of British Jews said it had not been contacted by the family, but welcomed the prospect of a visit. In light of this event, we welcome Prince Harry to show he is prepared to embrace education about the Holocaust.
These folks mentioned Harry, younger son of Charles, the late Princess Diana, said in the statement he was sorry if he'd caused any offense over his poor choice of costume.
But politicians have called from to make a pubic apology. Both princes were roasted by Charles, but royal sources said their father thinks Harry's written apology was sufficient.
Well, as usual, your big ears are getting away of any common sense penetrating your brain, Charlie. You idiot. Unlike the Gaff Pro and Harry, William rarely puts a wrong foot wrong and is immensely popular in Britain.
And I'll guarantee if he was as ugly as his younger brother, he wouldn't be anywhere near as popular or as he is. British and world media have rounded on Harry. This of course is a UK story. That's why they have this.
The UK ran in English, which they invented, but they can't speak. The Australian newspaper carried the headline,
Hyl Harry, Prince Gustafs out of a lot of growth line, while Royal Nazi was splashed across the front page of the New York Post.
Germany's tough selling build daily wondered what Diana would have said. One of the papers called this had hard words for the Prince.
You, third in line for the throne, hip and cool with a swastika on your arm at your party. You make me sick to my stomach as though I'd eaten rotten food. You make me sfew.
How do you really feel in Britain, the Diley Mile demanded a huge page, what paid one headline, come out and say sorry properly while the tabloid daily star branded Harry the fool in the crown.
The voice of the establishment at times dismisses apology as feeble and said he'd fallen in with a dubious group of self-indulgent young men who are apparently contaminated life of pointless privilege.
But the Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, who's busy with her way watchers bull crap, who herself has been relentlessly criticized and British media, defended an nephew calling him a very good man.
The sun said the scandal could have been much worse. It said Harry all had almost picked a black uniform of Hitler's SS, the brutal troops around the concentration camp. How do you like that?
Yeah, so others, he almost showed up in an SS out, but he settled for the swastika. Now you wonder why these vets have got fascism in their veins, why you got this Nazi thing as a part of them?
Here's the real story. Touchy subject of royal links with Nazi Germany from the This Is London website.
Lengthed by blood but twice divided by war, the royal family's relationship with Germany, its people and its troubled history is long but a sensitive one.
And when I'm sure they'd rather keep deep in the closet. The photograph of Prince Harry wearing a swastika as echoes of one, especially disturbing incident involving the family, one which seared at 7 to the British collective memory that the Duke of the and Duchess of Windsor meeting Erol Hitler in 1937.
The X king Edward VIII and his wife were known sympathizers of the Nazis and their policies, a feeling shared by a large number of British aristocrats who admired the way Hitler was dealing with the communists.
The Nazis regarded the Duke who had abdicated over his affair with divorced American Wallace Simpson, no king to OJ Simpson, as a potential ally and possible head of state for a subjugated Britain.
But his flirting with Hitler's regime threatened to undermine years of work by the royal family to distance themselves from their German roots.
The modern royal family was founded in 1840 when Queen Victoria married Albert of Saxcoberg, a German duty.
Can we say that? Nothing more.
Creating the house of Saxcoberg Gotha.
So I'm sure I'm pronouncing all that wrong out of here. Such was the ill-feeling towards all things German during the First World War that in 1917, Victoria's grandson King George V.
The German army, thought it prudent to renounce the German name and titles and adopt that of Windsor.
And even though it's not in the story, let me say it again, the real name was Battenberg.
It was a masterful PR exercise replacing the two tonics, a name with out of a quintessentially home county's town.
His son over the eighth one's declared there is not one drop of blood my veins that is not German.
Both he and George VI were bilingual in German anguish. They were by.
Throughout the 20s and 30s, the world's were steadfastly opposed to conflict with their ancestral fatherland.
Indeed, George VI's wife Queen Mary always maintained that Britain had backed the wrong horse in 1914, WWI.
His son's meeting with Hitler threatened to earn her company to undermine the royal family's support among their subjects.
It took the Queen mother steadfastness in the face of German bombs and her visit to the east end during the blitz to restore public faith in the family.
The Windsor's links with Germany remained a touchy subject, however.
There was embarrassment in the 80s when Princess Michael of Kent's father, Viren Gunther, Vine Revenitz, was exposed as a former Nazi party member and SS officer.
Remember Viren Gunther, Vine Revenitz? No.
I just like saying the name.
Less well known as the fact that one of Prince Philip's sisters, Sophie, was married to Christopher of Hess Castle and SS Turtle, who named his eldest son Carl Adolph and Hitler's honor.
Indeed, all four of Pope's sisters married to high-ranking Germans.
The prospect of the former Nazis and Nazis in the eyes of his attending is winning to the Queen.
Many was allowed to invite only two guests.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Let me say it again. You not see Brit-Pastry.
You not fooling me and haven't been fooling me for a long time.
I'm on to you. Okay. You're not fooling anybody. That's why you're all a bunch of pathetic drunkards.
Because you're trying to wash away your sins.
Wash away your past, cover up your German roots, and out of the German people, see how they move in different directions?
Mm-hmm.
On out of Germany is a fine country.
We're like, yeah, they still got a few Nazis running around every now and then.
They got to do something on their motorcycles.
But nevertheless, and the Brit's man, they're the laughing stock of the world.
With that Tony Blair and that whole constipated problem they got.
Mentally, physically, emotionally.
It's a sad place.
When people say to me, oh, you ever been to England?
I say, yeah, the airport.
Real fast. And that's a dump.
By the way, he threw the airport. Don't go there.
Okay. A dump.
A toilet.
Why would I go there?
What do I want to see?
If I want to see pasty, ugly, nasty, loud, drunken brits, I go to Amsterdam anytime.
At least have a good time.
As opposed to going to Britain where they're like stuffy, stuffed shirt, yeah.
Living in the stone age, man, you're living in the dark age.
You've brits that listen to the show, and no, no, one of you got out of there.
Congratulations to you.
And now while I'm here, if I could just educate these poor bastards to cut that umbilical cord,
this country's light years ahead of both the US and Britain, why the hell did they still got that damn queen on the currency?
I've seen a lot better queens that could be under currency here than Elizabeth, okay?
Why husband said, oh no, that was, that was only Roosevelt.
Oh, now queen Elizabeth, you don't see her husband said, Philip, he's a, he's kind of a disgrace.
Here's a deal on the pool. If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history,
which could be somebody today too, like our hot Carmella.
Jesus Christ, in fact, wouldn't have to grade on your turtle ice cream, some hot Carmella.
All right.
Jesus Christ 60, Carmella De Chesity 22, Bill Clinton 9, John Lennon 8,
Michael Moore 8, Dre of K 7, Hunter rest Thompson 5, Einstein 4, Keith Richards 3,
Alexander the Great 3, and then everybody with one.
We'll get now, now that we got that stuff out of the way, I mean, I thought I didn't have a big,
oh, I got that great story on the dope picture, it's a track from the New York Post.
They got dope at the track now?
They got dope at the track, I'll be damned.
In fact, you might start hanging out there.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
The rest of the song is on the tracks of the church.
You am.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
When you're just going to give it to you, you can really just do it.
So be fine.
Oh, right.
When you can sing it in a song, you're just going to be in a bomb.
So be fine, fine, fine.
When you can get the stage in that, you can do the names.
So be fine, fine, fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
That's what I'm fine.
When it was easy for Gale and the new bell immediately spoke by a body of fire.
That's what I'm fine.
When it was black, grows and dry, many cries.
So be fine.
That's what I'm fine.
It's free and I'll never get me by, by, by, by.
Let's go.
Let's go, let's fly.
Oh.
Let's go, let's fly.
Let's go, let's fly.
Oh, you can, let's go, let's fly.
Are you sure?
I'm fine.
Let's go, let's fly.
That's what I'm fine.
Everybody's so low.
Well, they exposed me to work here, but I forgot because I spoke to you, my body.
My body.
I was allowed to lose it.
Everybody out there was spoken by us.
My body.
Now that's what I'm fine.
Cause I'm fine.
And there's a bit of a bit of a bit of a real deal with work here.
And it's like we're meaning, let's go, let's fly.
Oh, let's go, let's fly.
Let's go, let's fly.
Let's go, let's fly.
Walk solid.
I'm fine.
Let's go, let's fly.
I'm fine.
I'm dying over here.
1119 to 560 W Kram, it's simply.
interesting how something I've always told you that you put the pieces of the puzzle together
and then you look at the whole picture.
For example, you look at the results of our poll.
Now Jesus is number one so far and Carmella is number two.
But if you look at Carmella, you'll say, Jesus Christ, see how that works?
I do see.
Now, how about you do?
Quit looking at it.
Look, Alan in the Key West says, Marge Shot.
Now I'm not really sure why, but it's not for me to answer.
Don't ask, just put it on it.
Okay.
I'm okay.
Marge Shot.
Got it.
I don't think we got it.
I'm not sure, right?
But it's close enough.
An American soldier was sentenced today to a year in jail for the murder of a severely
wounded Iraqi teenager in a Baghdad slum district during a Shi'at uprising last year.
Staff Sergeant Cardenas Alban was convicted on one counter murder and one counter conspiracy
to murder at a court martial at the first Cavalry Division Court House that came liberty
of day a military spokesman be seen.
Besides his jail term, Alban was sentenced to a reduction in rank in private, to private,
and a bad conduct as church.
Alban is the second American soldier to be sentenced over the incident.
And I still say that that's a slimeball boyfriend of the father of her child in the English
neighbors.
He is gotta be out.
Yes, sir.
As long as you can go.
Huh?
I forget it.
He should be the portrait child for the red states.
56670560, pound 560 out of a rising and singular row of slime.
If you could meet one person from the right, throughout his reliving today or a hundred
years ago, a thousand, whatever.
Just for like an hour or two, for lunch, for dinner, for like a little encounter, whatever
it might be, who would that be?
That's our full question today.
Me and Jesus will have a kosher meal.
And Carmella?
What?
kosher to me?
W.A.
Q.A.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You have for the poll.
Yep.
And you never brought Cashew and baseball.
You're a liar!
56670, I just made it up.
56670560, pound 560, and they've rising and singular row of the slime.
W.A.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to put somebody on a list.
Yep.
Keith Moon.
Keith Moon, okay, you got a man.
The moon man.
Keith Moon.
We got Keith Richards.
Keith Moon.
How about Keith Richards?
Yeah.
We already got him.
How about Keith?
Who else do we know?
Keith Eisley.
Right.
One of the highly brothers is sure.
I never met him.
No, I'm not talking about him.
He's talking about his brother.
I'm talking about former PD over at Zeta.
He was the PD before PD Volder's a matter of fact.
One thing about Keith, he used to eat like oyster eggs or some bizarre, like before
a sushi became popular, he was eating that kind of crap.
The other stuff that was moving around on the plate and he's a bizarre guy.
The late great and drunk baby Ruth, somebody says, baby Ruth will be good.
Have a little chat with the babe.
Meat and Greek, go out to eat.
20 or 30, Koney Island hot dogs, and wash it down a little few brews.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hello.
What is the bell, dude?
Oh, is this Prince Charles?
Yes, me.
You don't want him on the bell.
Prince Charles, when's the last time you had a good ball movement?
Oh, yesterday.
Yeah, we're going to go try and have one today.
Okay, don't do it here on a show.
You silly ass, Brits, man.
You're an embarrassment.
You didn't know wonder.
You wonder why America's becoming it is today with all these puritons and these backwards
kind of mentality.
Trace it to our Ruth's baby, the Brits.
The Brits give me the Schmitz.
In fact, that probably was their name with Schmitt.
You know what?
As in Helmwood, Schmitt.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy Friday to you, bro.
And back to you.
In fact, I think the Brits put four of those letters in Schmitt.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of things for your poll, man.
I got a common electra.
Common electra and...
Jim Morrison.
Jim Morrison's excellent.
I like that.
Yep.
Okay, Pally.
How good will, bro?
And back to you, bro.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60, and a present signal.
Well, let's have 40,000 names on here.
And the people are popping on at website, man.
There is a lot of popping going on with Carmilla.
Do I know how to find them or what?
Huh?
Don't ever question my taste in the physical and beauty of fine flesh ever again.
I will.
You will?
That's right.
You would have Kelly Ripper.
Oh, you would have Kelly Ripper.
You would have Kelly Ripper.
The other guy's a lot of hop on Carmilla.
I think she was cute.
Yeah.
Nah, nah, nah.
You're really stressing it, man.
All right.
If Kelly Ripper was in a shopping mall and Carmilla did something,
that chance of he was sitting like right next to her,
you would have Kelly Ripper wouldn't take like four seconds notice.
And I scoured for an hour to find that picture.
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
Well, but you never would have been a scoured for a long time.
You wouldn't have the, you know, you have to thank for it?
You.
Jeff Garcia.
Oh, that's right.
Because if it would have been for that story about him,
I never would have seen Carmilla and we never would have explored it.
We never would have pursued it.
And I'm sure there are a lot of people who would like to pursue it aggressively.
Oh, believe me.
WQAM, hello.
The bridge built this country, Neil.
Yeah, okay.
Great. The bridge built this country.
The bridge we have to fight a war to get rid of him, okay?
Jackass, go read your history.
You'll have somebody read it to you.
The bridge built this country.
What an idiot.
WQAM, hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to add maybe a photo to this.
Who?
Bubba.
Bubba?
He's on there.
Oh, okay.
Oh, Jack.
See you.
Got 13 votes.
All right.
He's having a time limit right now.
Oh, I think Clinton's probably a better musician.
Don't be knocking John Lenneman.
He was a genius.
He was a brilliant, he wrote all that great stuff.
And he smoked a lot of good dope.
And he went over there looking for something.
He was over an India looking for something.
Yeah.
I think that was their problem.
You know, you get all that money and you start looking for things.
It's like a lot of people.
They're looking for answers to questions that there are no answers to.
And like, you know, at least he gets stolen 90% what?
At least they said we were wrong.
They made that press conference remember.
Yeah.
They were wrong.
We were full of crap.
In fact, isn't that Carmelo's theme song give peace of chance?
Yeah, I had a line.
But I'll just let it go.
Don't say it.
Joyce may be monitoring today.
You know, the great monitoring Joyce.
Yeah.
We don't want to piss you off Joyce because we know that you're at a big
books monitor.
Everything knows radio inside and out.
Now, you wouldn't know what radio if somebody shoved it like a dozen of them up your ass.
God.
It's so sad what's happened here in this last.
And you know what?
And why it happened?
Why?
Because a series of mistakes were made.
Okay.
And I'm the guy.
I'm the one guy that told you, okay.
I'm the one guy that involves a perspicaciousness to tell you and have told you for like the last
three years.
Once you break the egg, you can't put it together again.
Once Humpty Dumpty hits the ground, but I'll bring that to you in the back.
And you can just see the mad professor in there, aka Gregory, trying to like with crazy glue,
trying to, uh, appropriate pieces of the puzzle back together again.
Crazy glue.
Yeah.
Crazy glue.
It's named after him, right?
It's the perfect fit.
Now, the good news is the Humper.
And I'm so delighted you told me that he, his lawyer and he, they made sure they got all
of that stuff out of that contract.
They wanted to say it.
Because I was waiting.
I didn't want to make any judgments.
But I know Hank better than that.
There's no way that he would have wimped out and signed that crap.
I would have lost all respect if he did.
And he did not.
He said he has a, he has a fine agent and, uh, good.
Good for you, Hank.
Don't take any crap, man.
Don't take any garbage from these gray robbers.
Okay.
These far vision had gone.
And I'm, uh, made sure every, not away was last, every last word.
Wait till you see my summer schedule.
How many days am I going to be working this year all the time?
Third, man.
All right.
Oh, please, I'll send those checks back.
Please, can't we get this done?
We don't want to lose Neil.
And I'm sure that when push comes to show up, the mad dog, he'll get him to take every
last I order of that crap off.
Although, you know, it's pretty obvious to me.
He's, he's, uh, hedging his vets right now.
He's not in any hurry.
Right.
Why not?
And he's doing a smart thing.
They treated him like crap.
If they, if they treated him well, he had already made the decision to stay.
And obviously they, they kept bugging and bugging and pushing.
And then they just pushed him over the other edge again now.
And now it sounds to me like he's leading the other place.
So he's going to do whatever is best for him.
He's not under a great pressure.
He was deal with us go to the end of this year.
Thank goodness for that anyway.
But he's not going to sign that garbage.
Oh, well, we're going to have everybody's going to sign as right.
When Norma can't told me that after conversation with Joyce, I told him as exactly what I said.
There isn't anybody who works on that radio station or any station that I know that's
going to sign that crap.
Because when you're talking about the major personalities in the market, then why are
we that desperate for a job?
We're going to sign that garbage.
Absolutely not.
I'm especially a guy now that's been lined and dined heavily by the other side.
And so we can sit back and wait and see what happened with the dolphin games and stuff
like that.
Which of course that could force QM not to like up the Eddie and say, oh, well, we're
going to be whatever you want, Wayne.
So we can keep mad dog.
You see how badly they parlayed this whole thing at another disaster?
That's why we can honestly say they don't come any better than Greg.
28 past 11 and 5 60 WQM.
It's Friday.
You're fast.
She ran for governor, but couldn't win an election that even pushed the fence.
So what's Janet Reno doing now?
Welcome to the China Reno pool ball heart game.
It's much more than just the past time, dusty old routine in the back of the ball.
These are state of the art regulation sites, pool ball skating tables, for the most serious
of pool ball fans holding their skills.
Try out for the pool ball Super Bowl where you can challenge current champions, also
us for Michael J.
Park.
Four just relaxed in our dining area with nourishments provided by Shakey's pizza and
steak him shake.
Top your meal off with a creamy shake of pudding.
Your children will be immune by the broken animatron puppet of Don Schule.
I must have myself named rugby, but have more frames than four feet.
I must have more priests or content please.
You just, you just can't have enough.
Luckily ride the perfect storm ball where I can stand perfectly still.
Or try to lock up my shaken bake cook off in the mixing competition.
You can see this old bell is been keeping busy.
The Reno pool ball arcade for reservations called out 1-800-Dick Van Dyke.
That's 1-800-Dick Van Dyke.
Well, we should have had a Dick Van Dyke, I'm sure.
We have only 27-0-0 and 560 WQM.
I would love to sit and talk with the Pope and the Queen of England system facts we're
here.
Okay, the Pope and the Queen.
How's that?
All right.
We have to say which Queen, just the Queen.
Here's a fact from John who says if there's one person I'd like to meet, it was young
the arranges.
It will roughly 20 to 25 years old.
Well, it's too late now sweetheart and you're not my type.
John.
Here's one that's from Bobby who said, we're not putting God in Satan on it.
We're talking about real people.
I'm even stressing it for Jesus.
Okay.
We're not too positive about that.
But I'm really going to have to invent a lot of guys named Jesus.
Right.
If I get out of the time machine and Jesus turns out not to have existed and I get a do over,
I get to choose somebody else.
Carmella?
Alrighty.
Bobby says Neil Dioz, PS Vernon is not gay but his boyfriend is.
Well, it's comforting to know.
Okay.
Julio.
John in Columbia, South Carolina says, Dr. Timothy Leary, that's a good one.
Huh?
If he brings back on his ass.
Timothy Leary.
Okay, speaking of dope, what a good segue.
The New York Post reports dope fixes in a track.
The feds have launched the nationwide investigation into allegations of horse-doping and illegal betting in major tracks in New York.
Florida.
Florida.
All of these things.
California as well, the Post has learned.
17 people were busted yesterday in charges of operating a mob-connected ring that dope courses that aqueduct and Belmont and allowed high rollers to make tax protected bets of at least 100 grand.
The ring rate in a million dollars a week in clients include lawyers, doctors, wall streeters and other professionals who placed their bets by telephone and on the internet.
Some two and a half million dollars in cash was seized including 400,000 from the hack and sack in New Jersey home of under five liters of the ring, Marvin Mayerwitz 62.
You get that name?
Marvin Mayerwitz?
There were piles of money there just like people leave their mail stacked up, said a cop.
Law enforcement sources said the arrest were just a tip of the iceberg.
Oh no.
Can you believe that?
Oh my God.
The prominent thoroughbred traction of Florida and California are also on investigation as are gambling operations in Nevada.
They said investigators are looking at specific trainers and stable hands have agreed to dope courses so ring leaders can read windfalls of cash fixed horse races.
I can't believe it.
Never heard of such a thing.
Probers are also looking into whether the mob is taking a cut a piece.
Yeah.
A piece for the tutorial is a piece for a barzini.
Right.
On wire caps participants in the scheme have referred to the dope courses by saying this horse is on high octane.
Oh.
High octane.
In other words, he's got the juice.
The sources said that in the next days in weeks search warrants will be should across the country.
Wow.
A lot more arrests are going to be going down one source said.
The sources said Belmont was riddled with organized crime operations that evolved doping gambling and loan sharking.
Asian and Russian as well as Italian mobsters are buying a horse's training them and then doping them up to in big bucks.
They said prosecutor said of the 17 people arrested yesterday they ran a ring that operated in five states New York, New Jersey, Florida, Nevada and New Hampshire.
13 of them arrested in New York City all were released on bail.
Authority said the ring he was betting partners in the United Kingdom.
Uh-huh.
The island of Kurosawa.
Fargo North Dakota.
Yeah.
And the town of Tom Kawa Indian reservation in Tom Kawa Oklahoma.
Fargo.
Sounds a little bit far.
What else else going on?
Nothing.
Trust me.
Under the elaborate scheme the ring provided clients with special account numbers and pin numbers that allowed them to bet anonymously by phone and on the internet to satisfy IRS requirements.
The leaders of the ring is on social security numbers each betting account their own not their customers.
This allowed betters to avoid reported winnings to the government.
The indictment said and it allowed the ring leaders to claim gambling losses on the tax returns resulting in massive tax win fall said US attorney David Kelly.
One of the five Anthony Uvari 40 received a tax refund of over 156 grand in 2003.
The indictment said another David Apple bomb 55 of arts Lee Westchester received 65 grand in tax relief by reporting 1.1 million in gambling losses that year.
The other principles of the ring waiting to hear this name were identified as Uvari's father Gerald 67 a coconut creek Florida and uncle Tizati 63 of Marvel in New Jersey.
I wonder if he knows Carmella ditch Tizati.
I can't even know how you do pronounce it is it's easier is it well enough.
NYPD organized crime detective Sergeant John Hayes said I wonder if he's related really to Dr. John Hayes said the Uvari's were originally from Bensonhurst.
They are low leveled.
It's an A.C. crime family members have been for a long time.
He said, oh yes, what movie I want I saw biography last time on a movie but the velocity not the velocity papers which is a horrible movie but the John velocity bio.
Okay. That was it. That's a bad.
Apple bomb trainer Gregory Martin 38 and Renee Pullen a 54 a harness racing driver well known to yours truly Renee Pullen.
We're charged with doping a 60 year old gilding named a one rocket in this first race at Aqueduct December 18 2003.
The horse had been sideline with an injury for 10 months.
When he returned to racing November 21 2003 he came in eighth 16 lights behind the winner.
He immediately dropped down to race against lower class horses in the real bottom of the barrel and knows that a win December 13.
Five days later he faced nine to five odds was one of two favorites to win the first race at Aqueduct but Apple bomb a.k.a. pebbles wasn't taking any chances.
So we decided to have the horse dope prosecutor said a tube was inserted down a one rockets throat to move the gas in the stomach and they was injected with a performance enhancing drug.
So the system had an US attorney Benjamin grunstein.
This is something that was happening regularly with horses horse races. Mr. Apple bomb was involved with grunstein said Apple bomb now faces 250 years behind bars of convicted of all 44 illegal gambling and wire broadcasts against.
That's just the activity expert from the post that they had you like that.
Ray Paul and my ass. Oh here you go. There's a good facts.
I'd like to sit down with Phil Henry so I can ask him what the F happened. Are you sure? Yeah. So it says Phil Henry. That's a good one.
Yeah, get the real story how he turned like a rat like a corner to rat sold out totally.
You know if he was getting paid the big bucks I could understand you know I don't think he is.
I don't think he's making like so again a cash which is probably why he has to charge you to like check out his imminent site.
Today we got you like all kinds of good stuff if you're over the age of 75 by the way be sure and have plenty ID today.
We don't want any young whippersnappers getting all around there with Karmel and it's his adding we're going to card you twice.
Right and we also got Meredith back to your Bernie's kind of like a little bonus.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
It's coincidentally moving on to 560.
You're all by.
You're all by.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think we struck the mother of Karmel at that.
No matter how you say it man, it still looks the same mother.
We are getting a response on that website and of course you know all of these desperate real super horny can't get laid in the warehouse kind of guys.
They have all these like links to each other and they're like all you know we'll see this picture and you better check out this site.
Well you know that those are like by the end of the day that they were going to like record breaking response on there.
Eric might even accidentally make like two or three dollars by the end day doubt it but he might.
So there you go fat boy.
560.560 and they've arrived in Singular Riders lines.
If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history who would that be to meet and read.
WCWAM hello.
The rush.
What is he squeaking?
I don't know sorry it's all going on.
WCWAM hello.
QAM.
Yeah.
God.
WCWAM hello.
What happened here all of a sudden?
I think you're all on the internet.
I think we have been hitting on that too hard so to speak.
Just give it a rest okay.
Just give her a rest for a little while later he'll up.
WCWAM hello.
Meal.
Yes sir.
I'd be recording yesterday.
Did she take a razor to that thing or what?
WCWAM hello.
I'd like to talk to Hank Goldberg off here.
WCWAM hello.
Mentally you know we're on the country.
WCWAM hello.
Oh brother.
QAM hello.
Yeah what's happening buddy?
How you doing pali?
I don't want to meet anybody famous because I think they're all bunch of hardasses.
But I'm on this crap with Wayne.
He's going to build this place.
He wants to build it and throw the morals out after this tea is looking for a place to play.
Not that I really give her raps you know what but.
Right.
What kind of gumption is that like oh get lost and now that you're gone we'll put a roof over the stadium.
Right to really rub it in rub their nose in it right.
It's like I mean you can't wait to come and have the beautiful Carol City in take a vacation right?
And we're going to be pouring into Carol City.
I can't think of any place in South Florida I'd rather spend a couple of weeks.
Yeah the beautiful Lake Wesson hotel.
Right.
Anyway I love the show.
Look at the bright side of it man maybe who loses ass when that's lovely.
Hey I want to ask you a question.
Yeah.
Yeah the FCC letting back and any guidelines because I know some stations are saying things and I don't know is that something that's just getting away.
Oh we're fine.
No it means that whoever the moral censors are they're listening to those stations because if anything it's getting worse by the minute man.
So have a good day before we say something bad before they face the call and come and take your ass away.
The answer is absolutely not.
As long as a bunch of fascists who keep standing elections are running the country as long as they're having a party or as weak need and literally libert as they are then forget about it.
See once you lose freedom here's a little message for all your kids out there.
Once you lose a freedom you don't get it back.
So it's like taxes once the imposed attacks they don't rescind it.
Here's one that says high-neil Ola Jorge happy Friday.
Oh hollians is that was that what they call it?
I'm not having a pronounce that.
I don't think that they say is the size of a Volkswagen beetle.
I don't know.
Hollians we can oh Carl Sagan and Werner von Braun.
Oh that's good.
What else the bit we got with Werner von Braun.
They have Tom Lerbert.
Which one is that?
I don't know.
You've only ever got it on a CD or something.
Get out of here.
I've never actually held that bit in my hands.
Come on.
Pull it out of your butt the Werner von Braun.
Right.
It's about the rockets.
It is?
Yeah.
Cleveland rockets.
Carl Sagan and Werner von Braun as with they W by the way.
Werner von Braun.
Oh it's just felt heavy like this is from the chronic of cocoa and the heart of the space coast.
Well Hollians, Hollians, whatever they call it.
It's done the thing.
I really couldn't cure less.
I'm way beyond that stage.
Okay let's worry about what's going on this planet right here.
Although there are a lot of folks who say well I'd like to find some place else to crawl around on because this can kind of scare a scary over here.
Mars is looking good.
And it's starting to look like a hell of a lot better every minute.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil what's going on.
How are you doing palying?
I'm doing great.
It's Friday George.
You're doing great.
I got a male and a female for the lift.
Okay excellent.
The male is Jimmy Hendrix.
Jimmy Hendrix, okay.
I'll try some of his good drugs in a lot of way.
And the female is Dorothy Stratton.
And George, whoever that is, she was a probably the year in 1980 or whatever.
Okay.
And I'd like to say something to the nation.
Yeah I'd like to say to everybody in South Florida and especially Joyce over there at corporate, may Satan bless you.
Okay pal, a good thought.
Yeah.
You're going to rot in hell Joyce and tell you that right now man.
You're going to be burning and twisting just like Linda Blair.
You're going to be spewing all kinds of greens spew.
So what it goes?
Lord will punish you man.
He works in mysterious ways on the earth but boy when you were down under there man burning and twisting and your soul is like on fire.
Your soul is on fire.
How like those guys who are looking at Carmella the day?
They're so well, there's something's on fire.
Speaking of Jimmy Hendrix.
I can't ask much about you.
Gabby Hayes or Purple Hayes?
Who?
Gabby Hayes.
He was an Arroy Rogers show I've learned.
It was Hoppalong Cassidy.
He was his sidekick.
He was like the bird.
I think a hoppy.
Roy who?
Firestone.
If you could meet anyone famous person from throughout history what would it be?
Just for an hour or two for like dinner cocktails.
Jesus Christ.
I'm not saying a word okay.
Jesus Christ 93.
Carmella the Chisley 36.
Who's that you might ask and what if you just told me you better hop on our if you're over the age of like 145 and you've got plenty of documents to back it up.
Carmella the Chisley.
She's our be the curtain.
She's a feature today with a little bonus coverage.
A little bonus footage and boobage from Meredith Baxter.
Bernie.
Bill Clinton 30.
Bill Clinton's got 30, man.
John Lennon 19.
J.F.K. 15.
Einstein 14.
Not to be confused with the guy that's running this place.
Michael Moore 9.
Hunter S. Thompson 8.
Hitler 7.
Heidi Fleiss 5.
Jim Morrison 4.
Carmen Electro 4.
Ted Williams 3.
And his frozen head.
Keith Richards 3.
Alexander the Great 3.
Phil Henry 2.
Hugh Hepner 2.
Prince Harry's got a pair and there's a lot of these people like to slice them off.
Jerry Garcia 2.
Gary Lewis 2.
Two forget-gray-glutters.
I won't ask why.
Oh, man.
Woo!
Brandon New World has got a pair.
See on the set of that movie, all fall down.
At that particular moment, I would have just liked to have lunch with Brandon as he sat there in that very tight brand new clean t-shirt and put my hand on the shoulder and just say,
well, how's it shaken?
You know what I mean?
No.
Think about it.
Maybe I would have to sit in the movie.
Yeah.
The Queen 1.
Mark Shot 1.
John, it actually would, it's very depressing.
It's morbid, but it's seen in that movie.
The acting is really good.
John Gdem 1.
No votes yet for Timothy Leary, the Pope, Babe Ruth or Keith Moon.
Nobody wants to meet Il Papa.
What's that all about?
Yeah.
I mean, a silly guy with a bad being in a dress who like the, I would say the walking dead, but in his case more like the squatting dead.
The Pope.
Oh my God.
Do you hear what he said about our holy Father?
Yeah.
Yeah.
One thing he was just some silly ass polock and then all of a sudden they blew a bunch of smoke and now.
Hey, now he's like, you got all the answers, man.
It is as it was.
He gets the number to the, you know, that backline.
He's got the bat lined to God, baby.
He's got that red phone.
That's why Batman ain't on anymore because once they lost it.
In fact, you notice there were two matching red phones.
The commissioner had one and of course in the bat, and the bat cave was the other one, right?
The bat phone and the bat mobile and they had the bat.
Oh, right.
Herpes spreads to Matt from the Ashland Oregon daily tidings.
Now that who?
Damon.
Got it from Jude Law and that movie.
That's short, Jude Law.
He had one that's about 3P tall.
A handful of wrestlers at Crater and Grants Pass High Schools have been diagnosed with herpes.
And the left directors at both schools confirm yesterday this is an Oregon.
So I don't know what we care about this.
The Crater wrestlers apparently can now see that's Crater School, but that sounds interesting.
Crater wrestlers.
Can you see something like that?
Yeah, I'm worse than with the Crater.
We got Craters, which is a lot safer than wrestling with a Gator.
Apparently contracted viral infection while competing at a tournament in Fresno, California, December 11th and 12th.
And then spread the disease to the Grants Pass team when they met for a dual match December 16th.
Crater athletic director John Beck said a dual match between Grants Pass and South Memphis kids with yesterday was postponed to the next week.
The Crater wrestlers mean while we're cured by a doctor, we'll compete Saturday at the Oregon Classic in Redmond.
Beck said the number of Crater wrestlers infected was less than 10, but couldn't give an exact figure.
Grants Pass athletic director Tom Blankford said four of his school's grapplers were affected.
They were grappling with their conscience.
The wrestlers are shot, thought, to have contracted the infection caused by herpes, simplex virus one commonly known as oral herpes.
The virus usually features lesions or cold sores on the lips, nose, and surrounding areas.
It has no cure.
And as much as 80% of the American adult population may have the virus, including me, with more than half a million new cases being detected each year at corn.daherpes.com website.
Yeah, I had it 1975. I had oral herpes. That's 20. That's like, how many years ago is that?
About 30, man.
Yeah, how to go for you? Bad batch.
567.0560.
Tom, 560. I'll leave Verizon, sing it, or write us line.
Just look away.
Jay has the facts. Here it says, my vote for your poll would be for neo-rodgers.
The reason I would love to ask you is what the hell were you thinking we decided to resign with the extremely unstable unbelievably chaotic QAM?
Obviously your blood sugar must have been elevated to dangerous levels that are resulting in your poor decision.
Actually, I changed my vote. I would choose Greg Reed because I love how he maintains employment while performing his duty so inadequately.
Oh, that's a phrase so well. He should do seminars on the subject. A lot of people like to know his secret.
Let's put Greg Reed on there. People would just be amazed to find out what kind of pictures he's got.
Love the show. Like it better with an nasty old nasty mo. Reverb back to the old mo. Please, it says.
No, he, I don't think he can go back.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
He's all right.
He's okay. And of course, once he's on long enough and they keep jerking him around, long enough for these hours and everything, he'll start getting cranky just naturally.
We don't have to like fake it, right?
Right. When he starts doing two to four, two to six, I mean.
Let's see. This one says, I think Cina Cruz should be headed for our, now I don't care for our special listeners.
Is that what that says? I guess for our Spanish listeners, I can make up with that.
For our Holy Overseer for our special sandwich listeners. Right. There you go.
Cina Cruz, who is legendary on this show only of course.
She was a community. I got well, good for her. Now she's still dead.
Cina Cruz couldn't take a while about paper.
But she was big and fat and ugly too, which a lot of us can relate to.
It's delicious.
On 560, a.m.
What are we just here?
I don't know. I don't know what to say.
Josh, what are you just here?
It's a wrong promo.
So I am from Eliana Ross Lateman.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near, okay, I'm gonna eat that hour.
Take out your poop.
Tell me, if male, come here.
Gapel Hill Records and Tames is proud to introduce Al Gore's books on tape.
You'll hear Al Gore, politician and public speaker breathe life into such classics as Moby Dickling,
particular to interest me on shore a tale of two cities.
It was the best of times.
It was the worst of times.
He'll bring all the chills and eerie darkness of Edgar Allan Poe.
Take the B from out of my heart and take the form run off my door.
Both the Raven, never more, listen to Al Gore bring out these sexual tension in the steamy novels of Danielle Steele.
And I knew from the moment he caressed my tender skin that someday we be together forever.
So don't waste your time or strain your eyes reading books for yourself.
Ship a boy, half seen, walk way up, so crud, a ab, available now in a barn's a noble bookstore near you.
I don't need to turn that again with a little more, if you want.
What is wrong with my delivery?
I am a trained political, is it?
It's a top of one of five 60 WQM.
What you heard, what George missed earlier?
Mark Loud.
It's the Magdalen, we need to report it to him.
It's for 205 60 WQAM, Miami Foot Lutterdale.
That's what we just heard.
Now the interesting part of it is I actually played that this morning for the show and put it out to clearance our in name only program director.
And he got it up, huh?
I like that.
And we still don't have any schedule, by the way.
I mean we know Mad Dog is at some public today, two to four and most still doing four to seven.
And then after that it still says TBD.
This is the kind of response you get in this place.
So that's time that's up on the wall.
It says just give us the F and money.
It's never been true or then it is right now.
We're not even really, you know, back in the day, this place used to go through the motions of really trying to be a real business.
We're not even doing that anymore.
I mean why bother, you know?
The fact that there are people dumb enough to keep giving us their money.
And we just put anything, you know, like throw a bunch of crap up against the wall and see if any of it will stick.
That's our new deal now.
Barbara, is that a Barbara or a Barbara?
I don't know what that is.
Let's say Barbara.
I don't see.
Lisa says my vote in addition for the poll will be Leonardo da Vinci.
Thanks for one of your lawyer-lead listeners.
Well, thank you lawyer-lead listener.
Here's another one that says Lee Harvey Oswald.
So we can ask him, did you do it Lee?
We know you're a Patsy.
Just a Patsy, like Patsy Client.
And a Covey.
Yeah, Covey Pico, bastard.
We know it.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless line.
Looking for the person that you would most like to meet throughout history, which includes like a fair number of people, right?
Right.
I would say at least 30 men.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you get that fat ass Greg to get up to the tower and like kind of jiggle a little bit,
like it's not hearing the Spanish radio shit in my head?
You're going to have the man, you're going to continue, get used to it, like it.
Embrace it and love it and let us domestically, uh, pick it up on him, man.
Get with it.
All right.
It's part of the new format.
There forever, because they're doing, they're doing just about as much about that deal.
Is there about that promo?
Park, hard.
Park, loud.
It's the Mad Dog, the company's from 47.
440, 560, WQAM, Miami Fort Lutterdale.
What an embarrassment.
What a joke.
Yeah.
Stand again.
What a joke.
What an embarrassment.
Right.
You got a Humper.
But when you have no shame, like, uh, the Beasley Broadcast Group, BBGI, it's the way
we operate.
Florida Man faces bio-weapon charge.
FBI says accused had the poison rice and several weapons.
Miami, an O'Cowell Florida man was arrested by the FBI after they found the biotoxin
rice and indisputation in the home he shares with his mother.
Steven Michael Eckberg, 22, had at least 83 castor beans and other byproducts and system
of the manufacturer of rice and indisputation the FBI said.
Rice and indisputation can be made from the waste from processing castor beans according
to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The former waiter also had several weapons including AK-47 and OUZI, the FBI said.
Eckberg was taken to the custody of Wednesday night and was scheduled to appear yesterday
after noon.
So this story is like this is on the CNN website last night, but it's outdated before a federal
magistrate in O'Cowell.
He's being charged with possession of a biological weapon.
We believe he acquired the materials over the internet but we're still investigating
said the FBI spokesman Jeff Westcott and the rapid-aided FBI official said they found a number of
seeds in packaging that the scrap is material is very poisonous.
Oh yeah, what a better not come to your house.
They're going to find some seeds in packaging.
We thought it could.
Anybody who was listening.
5670560, pound 561 of a rice and and singular.
So name the thing is Friday at 1205 already.
If it was like 1505 would be even better because I am just absolutely drained from this
whole last four months, four and a half months experience, just drained.
You know what I mean?
Oh yeah, you guys check out Camilla on the website, Carmilla, whatever name is.
You can relate to it.
You'll be drained.
I wish.
And we are getting like phenomenal.
I mean the busy chain for that stuff is just the booby crowd.
Woohoo.
I don't want to break our all-time record today.
We're going to smash it.
We're going to destroy it.
We're going to butcher it.
There she is.
I'm looking at her again just to make sure it's still her.
Wow.
Yeah.
Pretty impressive.
Pretty impressive goods.
WQA in the middle.
Not there.
WQM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
I just want to favor from you.
Could you play that bit from five to the lamps?
Body augmentation.
Is that what she's talking about?
Yes.
Oh, she's in the basket.
Hello, everybody.
I'm in the student getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering if you did some tummy talk.
And lip augmentation, cosmetic compress, surgery, face tip, all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering.
What was that you started with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done.
But I don't know if they would do it right away.
The lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Mm-hmm.
The laser surgery.
Mm-hmm.
Have the lamps stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then if I'm looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It works the lotion in the basket.
Or should I make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It must be lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
What's the lotion in the basket?
I'll get.
You want to put the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
Then my skin suit literally drums.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Your skin tight looks convincing.
in the basket.
What you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Here, there.
Probably at 5.60 WQM, Happy Friday, too.
We got some stuff coming up later on.
That's all we can tell you.
Don't ask.
What's up?
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Wardrobe Mount Function or Fashion Statement.
That's what Brazilians were left wondering yesterday.
They have to top-model Naomi Campbell,
pregnant with her breasts beard, at Fashion Rio,
a week-long event of fall-water collections which ends today.
Campbell kicked off the fashion show for the TNG label
and the simple white flower print dress topped with a white
mink stole.
What a richie stole it.
But less than halfway down the runway, they sleeveless,
deep-been-ac-dress, proved more revealing than perhaps
designer Tito Bessa had intended.
It wasn't clear if a strap or button had come on done,
or whether it simply fit Campbell too loosely.
Following the fashion show, neither Campbell nor Bessa
were talking.
The people in Brazil are happy.
I have great friends in the clothes.
Make me look younger too, was all Campbell 34 had to say.
In recent years, Campbell has been a frequent visitor to Brazilians,
operating at the Rio and So Paulo fashion shows.
He spent New Year's at a fashionable island resort at
Angrede's Dosa Rio race, Angrede's race.
After the show, Campbell says he was sending back to New York
to promote a movie whose name escaped her.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
See, is in a movie but you don't know what it's called.
Campbell is joined by Brazilian top models, Isabella Fontana,
Mariana Wiker, Caroline Riviero, and Anna Claudio,
a Michael's participated in the show.
She was like, tune Ms. Buster out all over in January.
I like that.
All you did.
5670560, Tom 560 and Eve Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
That's Gid with Freaking Hilarious, man.
Is that Buffalo Bill?
What do you call that one?
Buffalo Billiam.
Body armentation is called.
That's for future reference.
No, I'm sorry.
That was off the hook.
For your pole, Neil.
Anybody mentioned Bob Marley yet?
Not yet, but you have now.
All right.
Bob Marley, I'd like to hang with him for a good hour.
There you go.
You probably have some good crap for it.
Have a great day, Pally.
You too, right?
Okay.
Am I right?
You probably know where to get.
You probably know your guys.
5670560, Tom 560, probably know where to get a good haircut too.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello Neil.
I'm going from Kendall.
Yes sir.
What about the funny answer?
Yes.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
Yes sir, you're going to say where that door he came from.
Yeah, and I don't think I heard it.
Could he say where he came from then?
Yeah, Bokeh Brian's mouth.
5670560, Tom 560 out of a horizon, Singular Riders ones.
That's the most boyfriend or what?
I know he was in those Aladdin guys.
Body QA and Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I don't have anything for your pole, but that's carrots to the collar earlier.
That's pretty glad.
I think he was the first friend doing that over there.
Yeah, yeah.
Hop on this is the French age.
Jump on Z.
Body QA and Hello.
You think okay?
QA and?
Ben, Judge, and Hello.
Yes sir.
That's the other way.
Luke, but pretty close.
Good phone.
Good phone.
Body QA and Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Yeah, I got a name for your pole.
This is a little kid.
Is that your little kid?
Well I'm 12.
I'm not a little kid.
I'm not a little kid.
Yeah, yeah.
How come you're not in school today, little kid?
What about Elvis?
I don't want that Elvis yet?
You want me Elvis?
Yeah, I guess that'd be pretty cool.
You'd like to sit on this line?
Before he was fat though.
This is 10 Elvis.
Okay, good.
I'm glad you had to clarify that.
Have a great day pal.
Get back to school.
Is today A.S. school, I'm sure it's not because you were in there earlier than me.
Right.
No, it's a school day.
School day.
How do I know you were in there early?
Because I shut the audio off.
Right.
Because when I came wobbling in here at 8 when I crawled out of the shack, I started acting.
I always see what the audio was feeding, whether it's not feeding.
Oh geez, they're off already today.
I don't see if this cart works.
It was making some awful noises when I stuck it in here.
Okay.
I can't like a fat, fat, fat, gober better.
Oh.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
They played.
The young Elvis.
They're thin Elvis.
Don't put the yummy Elvis because I get the wrong idea.
By the way, Elvis slept with mommy until he was like 40 years old.
You want to stay with me?
You little Rogers.
It's exclusively on 560 years.
It's on 880M.
Act bigger and better than ever.
Elvis, firstly, in his first big movie role since he's been dead.
Elvis, of Arabia.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Yeah, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches.
17 punks for get-a-hole waves and 18 more get-a-hole songs, including dead bear.
Don't be cool.
Dying in the chapel.
Blue-sweat burial shoes.
You ain't got the butt of hall there.
And more.
Yes, see Elvis in his stiffness performance yet.
He's bigger, better, and better than ever.
Elvis, come Arabia.
Playing in a theater drive that are much more wherever you are.
Oh, yeah.
Liger's playing here.
You're gonna have to have this.
From 15 to 560WQA, and Rush Limbaugh sneaks off to get secret divorce.
This is that pill pop and highest phone in hypocrite.
Not amazing.
At least the right wingers are consistent, right?
Like Bill O'Reilly.
Rush Limbaugh.
De-Generates.
Uh-uh.
G Gordon Litty.
Newt Gengrich.
Newt Boy says, oh, he might be running for it.
Yeah.
Run on this, Newt.
Rush Limbaugh, this is the inquire.
I actually went out and got the inquire yesterday.
I think there might be some really heavy duty stuff in the air.
Uh, there's not.
And then, now what's the date on this damn thing?
The date on this issue is, uh, January 17.
So, I don't know.
This must have become out actually a couple weeks ago.
Because there's a big thing in here.
Brad and Jen's baby Joy.
She's ready to start a family after Ireland get away with their best friends.
Didn't they just get divorced?
Right.
Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston took a holiday from reports of marriage wars and got into the
baby making mode while bringing in the New Year with their best friends on the
sunkissed Caribbean island of Anguilla.
Anguilla.
What is that?
Mm-hmm.
It's Caribbean Island.
Well, evidently, there's a little bit in the behinds of times.
Let's see.
Marlowe Auctions Trump's gifts.
Paul and Yoko are still fighting over yesterday.
That Yoko, man, there is one nasty piece.
I'll tell you right now.
Wow.
She just makes me puke.
Yoko, can she sing?
No.
Does she look good?
No.
Can she act?
No.
Is she like a reasonable person?
No.
Man.
Christie's diet disaster.
She's gained weight.
Christie, uh, Christie Alley, she looks like she weighs about 600 pounds.
Right.
Man, oh man.
Picture two days after Christmas.
It looks like she swallowed the golden goose and the Christmas tree and everything else.
Matthew Fox saves the day.
Not interested.
David Letterman gives the list to adorable son of Harry.
Not interested.
Sandra Bullock's FBI agent goes undercover, way undercover, in this color head dress.
Colorful head dress.
What is that?
Oyster.
Cute.
Always told I liked her.
Uh, Paris told, oh, and this is the one that's got all these.
Oh, there is something good in here.
I'll get back to the Russian and Boston momentarily.
It's not big news.
Uh, Dikes.
Who's gay and who's not among Hollywood's female stars?
You want to hear these?
Yeah, I do.
Okay, but you do.
But before that, see now we got something teased a little bit.
Okay, let me stick a little something in there.
Rush Limbaugh sneaks off to get secret divorce.
Now he's free to marry wife number four.
Rush Limbaugh gave his girlfriend a special Christmas present.
The officially divorced is wife clearing the way for CNN anchored Darren Kagan to become the next Mrs Limbaugh.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Makes me want a gag.
Another reason that CNN needs to have the plug pulled.
Continuing very much, I don't think anybody, at least of all the palace could have predicted the kind of furore that this, uh, first...
Furore.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
Furore.
That's a uniform could have.
He's spelled it F-U-R-O-R-E, so she's pronouncing the last D-Fur-R-E.
She's saying, Fuerre only says, Fuerre.
Of course, Fuerre wouldn't be a good word in these, though.
So, yeah.
That's why she don't want to say Fuerre.
Is in, how Hitler?
Wow.
You're a britzman.
You are just the worst.
You're pathetic.
You ought to like, uh, go up to a wails for the Isle of White.
Yeah, they like it white, real white.
Bunch of racist bastards.
Anyway, the radio superstar, back to rush, real till-popper, and I was last doing that he and third wife marked up with divorcing, but limbaude didn't file for December 21 when he was lawyer sneaked into the chambers of Judd Sandr, Taylor and Key West.
In a bit for secrecy, the conservative commentator journeyed more than 200 miles from his 26-minute-dollar oceanfront mansion in Palm Beach County to the court house at Florida's southernmost tip.
And it worked.
He persuaded the judge to keep details of his divorce settlement under wraps.
Limbaugh came into the court house to a side door and was shown straight into the judges chambers and insider said.
His wife wasn't there and most importantly for him, in this case, was sealed unlike most local divorces, which are hurting open court.
He came out of chambers 15 minutes later, laughing and joking with his attorney.
Yup, yup, yup.
No wonder he was happy.
The judge had agreed to see a 22-page marital settlement agreement between Rush and Marta.
Rush's breakup with Marta came last year, several months after the inquiries, bombshell disclosure,
that Limbaugh was addicted to painkillers that disclosure made headlines around the world and continued with the criminal probe of Limbaugh, the Pilpaughan Doctor Shopping Clown, hypocrite.
A stint in rehab helped him beat his addiction, but ever since, Limbaugh has been under investigation by the Palm Beach County State Attorney's Office for allegedly doctor-shopping for massive amounts of painkillers.
In August, he proved opposites by a track by dating stunning Brunette Kagan, a liberal.
And now that his divorce is final, sources predict they'll be married soon.
Said a pal, Rush says they're going to have a quiet wedding and then honeymoon somewhere where nobody knows where they are.
Well, not disgusting.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyway, getting back to more important things like dikes.
Right.
Now, this is the inquirer keep in mind.
Who's gay and who's not among Hollywood female stars?
And we'll get right into what it seems we take 20 calls.
W.A.M., hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, Georgia's kind is always into that, you know, like Mary on the cheese bread and all that.
Yeah.
And the mirror and everything.
Why don't you tell Greg for a good marketing stunt.
Tell him that that white noise in the background, Sheila Cruz.
What?
Just what I got through saying a little while ago, the Spanish language, the music in the background is singing the cruise.
You know what, I just got through saying a little while ago, my son was in that the fairly moderately humorous thing I said before a million times.
Wow.
Don't ever call this show again.
W.A.M., hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Good.
Hey, you're still not trying to get George to bathe with that same eye stuff, right?
What does that mean?
I mean, what do I care whether he uses it or not?
You know why you want to shower with him?
No, no, I mean bathing with a bar of soap is one of the most annoying things he does.
I see.
How fast is that?
W.A.M.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Oh, it's manly to bathe with soap.
I see.
Well, excuse me.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going today, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I have one for your poll there.
Okay.
What about good old Adam?
Adam and Eve.
Adam and Eve.
Right.
I want to talk to him to see how wonderful the world was.
No, okay.
I also tried to say that today was a school day.
He's wrong.
Today is a teacher's work day.
That's why the kids are out of school.
In Dave County.
Right.
Okay, well, he's a little groward.
Oh, there's some brow.
That's America.
I think it's you, but I forgot.
That's what you think.
Okay, have a good day, Pauline.
Good luck to you.
It's a teacher's work day.
That's why we had punched out there.
So we better not be having any new little kids out there.
I'm going to tell you right now that John Ascrops.
There's no longer the attorney general or at least he's like in limbo.
Limbo.
He'll come to your home and beat the crap out of you if you look on that being the curtain.
Okay, you better be at least 18 and prove it.
Okay, prove it.
They're going to be knocking down your door if you take a look at that.
Oh boy.
She's really something.
Anyway, Paris Hilton.
Forget about Paris Hilton's steamy sex video with Rick Solomon.
The picture is Paris truly doesn't want you to see other ones showing you're making out with the
female friend.
The picture has believed to have been taken away and the picture is here, by the way.
Oh no, that's not the, no.
The picture has believed to have been taken when the minks was 20 years old.
So Paris and action with a pretty brunette in action.
There is reportedly also a video that shows Paris and former playboy centerful in the coral
lens having lesbian sex, although Paris is not the she's the girl in the video.
But she still got tongues wagging at the MTV movie awards when she and Carmen Lector locked
lips on stage.
That's the picture that's here.
What's more, Paris and Christine Aguilar once spotted making out at Miami's Rolly Hotel?
Oh man, they must have been rubbing the mouse noses together.
Paris and the Christina, right?
Or something.
Mouse noses.
Georgia Fox.
Reading medical trivia books helped me understand my role better.
That's what CSI crime scene investigations are.
Georgia Fox that spelled JORJA said about researching her star making rule.
But what type of research did Georgia do to play a lesbian on ER several years ago?
In real life, Georgia plays drums in the all-girl band Honeypot, whose lead singer is a lesbian.
And she co-founded a production company with four other women that specializes in lesbian plays.
So in she or isn't she, Georgia isn't saying so.
I still say JJ Walker for Rachel's not too late.
Deborah Messing and Megan Malale.
Megan or Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan, Megan.
Will and Grace co-stars, Megan Malale.
So whatever you say, I'll say the opposite just to be an ass.
Well, and Grace co-stars, Megan Malale and Deborah Messing locked lips on stage at the 7th annual cracked Christmas event in December 2004.
The two women were honored at the event which raises money for the Trevor Project,
which helps for Brent suicide among gay teenagers, and God are they gay spirit by French kissing in front of a happily stunned audience.
Afterward, Megan, Megan, I asked, is there anything better than making out with another woman on stage in front of the theater full of queers and half cast of...
Half the cast of different desperate housewives, Deborah deadpan?
If there is, I haven't done it. But this gay behavior is all half for Megan, Megan, who admitted several years ago, I consider myself bisexual.
About her lesbian experiences with women, Megan, Megan, a married woman told the gay magazine The Edmigot.
I haven't explored into the degree I'd like to, but I'll tell you, I'm open to it.
You think that's just like a play on words or what?
Don't answer.
I'm not saying that. She's open to it.
Jillian Armamente and Alice Dodd Armamente, I like saying that. I don't know what that means, but that's her name.
Of TV judging Amy, I'm sure you want that show, not.
And by the way, this guy with his manly soap, I hate to break the news, the soap without with knickers, okay?
It went out with the high button shoes, such as if you're using bars of soap, that's just an excuse to drop it.
Drop it, that's correct. Drop it. Barrett.
Right. Probably his problem. Compulsive soap dropper.
And that's when it's still in the box, he's dropping it.
Jillian Armamente and Alice Dodd of TV judging Amy, I should've said that's when it's still in the package.
Judging Amy coasters, Jillian Armamente and Alice Dodd don't really care who judges their lifestyle and to prove it they're headed to San Francisco,
or they headed last February and got married.
The lesbian lovers have been a couple since 1995 and shared a commitment ceremony in 2000.
But when San Francisco made headlines early last year for performing gay marriages, the two joined a process of homos to perform their love for each other once again.
Most recently the two of them became the proud parents through an anonymous sperm donor of a baby daughter, Hazel.
Oh no, which Hazel? That one.
Let's love which hand now, back in the day, I know they still sell it, but I don't think it's as popular as it used to be like for mosquito bites.
It's in a lot of like, shampoos and stuff.
Shampoos? Yeah. You mean like, girly shampoos?
Right, girly shampoos.
Oh man. 1226 and come up at two o'clock, you won't believe it.
Oh, don't, don't, don't believe it.
Well, I like to make my music very dramatic and exciting.
So sleep-inducently dull as Alan Parsons that to this day he must travel with his manager, Slabby Gold.
Alan Parsons was the guy who earned me my nickname. Slabby!
You know when we wrote, I am the sky we...it was a thing where...
I get up Alan! I'm sorry?
Anyway, as I was saying, it's all about Thomas.
Am it out? Give it something!
Sure, Slabby, right, right.
Now then what I wanted to say was...
The Alan Parsons project.
Every generation needed some really crappy van.
How else can you explain Maroon 5?
It's a big, juicy, something that look at your business tonight, uninside the behind.
From 31 to 560 WDQM, we got open lines here.
Let's get those lines smoked. I'm not going to answer them, but...
Yeah, am I?
56070560, pound 560 and a Verizon Singular Wireless LAN.
If you could meet any one famous person from throughout history who wouldn't be.
Like for lunch, for dinner, for like a late-night snack, something like that.
WDQM, hello.
Thank you.
Have a good weekend.
Yeah, Mr. Neil, please.
Stinking.
Mr. Neil, how are you, sir?
Okay, Mr. Carr.
What do you got?
Stoy Boy from Port St. Newsy. How are you?
Okay.
Hey, I'm really surprised we get a really good signal from you up here.
And that's wonderful.
I don't have to put up with the Maille crap, but it's so goddamn yeah.
Well, that's because you're not close enough to Cuba, right?
Yeah, right. Opposite direction.
Awesome. Listen, the poll is...
Yeah.
Let's see, it's through.
I would like to meet most of all, right?
If you could meet anyone famous person throughout history who would it be besides a good shrink?
How about Neil's penis?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
5607.
560.
I knew there was something good coming at the end of that.
So the fire on the Verizon Singular Wireless LAN.
Oh, and how are we trying...
How are we working out with it at 86 Second Delay now we got it?
We got more dumps on this stage than they got in the public mens room.
It's spectacular man. We didn't dump every 30 seconds.
There you go. What are you eating now, by the way?
Do we want to play somebody or is this just some of your snacking on?
I'm buying pizza from Tony. Thank you, Brad.
Oh, thank you, Brad, from Tony's who is like moved right to the top of our list as far as our pizza type, you know.
I'm having a Greek salad too.
Greek.
Yeah. I'm totally enjoying that kind of coffee for about to soap.
I think we've had a good point.
George is into a Greek bowl of a sun.
We'll do that.
Seems to be going around.
And what's Josh eating today about that though?
I got a sub over here.
Yeah. Good choice.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
WQA and hello.
Hey, on your par.
Yes. Can I have two please?
You can have two. You can have a pair.
Yeah. Okay. The first one would be Winston Churchill.
Why would I?
Winston Churchill for an hour.
Yep. And the second one is Tom of the Lodden.
I need about five minutes with that.
Okay. Thank you.
Doing a good job, pal.
In fact, maybe if you show Winston's cigar up in your stomach, that would be good.
Before you blow his brains out.
Okay. Yeah. Put a little put a some on there, huh?
Yeah. Go ahead and put them on there.
A lot of people like to meet up with him for just a short period of time.
Laura Innis.
Is she an any or an Audi?
Who?
Laura Innis plays a disabled gay doctor on the long running NBC show EAR.
But in real life, she's nothing to be above.
Still Laura received the 2003 artistry award from the gay rights group Power Up.
When she was once asked whether she's had any real life lesbian experiences, she responded.
I think everybody does it one time or another.
Have a real life lesbian experience.
Right.
Haven't had one of those yet.
Right. Not as many as I'd like to.
Cindy Crawford in 1993, Cindy Crawford posts suggestively on the cover of Vanity Fair magazine
pretending to be giving out of the closet lesbian Katie Langa shave.
And before that, we left Katie Langa for a poll.
And before that, rumors started about a possible relationship between Cindy and fellow model Christy Turlington,
who's now married to actor Ed Burns.
Both Cindy and Christy not having an affair just this past summer, the gay rumors took on new life when bisexual porn star Jenna Jamison
claimed that Cindy came onto her, but Cindy who is married has set the record straight.
She's straight.
So she says she's straight.
I'm straight. Me too.
And in the cool Smith.
Oh God, if you could see this picture of whatever you're reading right now, you'd spit it right out.
Oh, good day.
When Anna Cool Smith left, Maxia Texas, or is that Macia? Big Macia?
Macia Texas, she left more behind than her birth name, Vicky Lynn Hogan.
She left a lesbian lover named Sandy Powellage.
Oh, who is so grotesque, man.
She looks like her mother on a bad day.
She looks like Yamama.
And a showtime documentary called Dark Roots, the unauthorized Anna Nicole.
Powellage told her Anna Brawley, who are into getting a big tattoo of Anna on her back.
I had another girlfriend's name on my back.
And every time I turned around, she would slap me and say, if you really loved me, give me tattooed on you, Sandy did just that.
Anna was on her back.
Man.
Heather Madarazo.
You know who that is?
She is ugly.
Oh God, is she gross.
Heather Madarazo, who caught on with mainstream audiences in the Princeton's Diaries films, made a big statement this year proclaiming her homosexuality.
The 22-year-old actress who is a board of game Christian admitted to a New York newspaper.
I mean, love with a woman that I've been in with for almost a year and a half now, instead of out the affair.
So what?
What's it to you?
Yamama.
What's he said?
Oh, she is.
Maybe he's just an unflattering picture, I don't think so.
I don't know who it is.
Woo!
Now, Misha Barton, who's a full-sensitive Misha guy.
As if things were already hot enough on Fox's The O.C., the accident is going to get a lot of steam here soon.
A lesbian love affair is about to blossom between the show's resident fiction, Misha Barton and Olivia Wilde, culminating in on-screen kiss.
In real life, Misha's heart belongs to billionaire boyfriend Brandon Davis, grandson of Hollywood Mobile Marvin Davis.
She is also a boy, too, whoever you don't have a picture of her.
Misha Barton, you know who that is?
Mm-hmm.
You ought to find it real fast.
I think I found them.
Cruise around and look for it.
Here it is.
And there's some more in here, but the person in this person, he's really good calls.
56670560, pound 560 under Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
I'm screen kiss.
Yeah, I like the one.
It's a town.
Great green kick of that for five minutes.
Well, let us know what it's going to happen.
We'd like to be there to watch.
And give you a big ride to a plaza.
All right, you go, boy.
Man, the entire staff would give you like a, not a standing, but like a screaming jumping up and down ovation.
Yeah, what we do, what we do to the audience is, so well, you know, he showed in the beginning when he did the steering thing.
He had no respect for my audience whatsoever for you people.
And the entire QM audiences are just being jerked around and, and Clarence, I mean, you know,
is my little dog used to say to me, F.M.A.R. program director, you know, I mean, what is that?
We're still running this one.
Park, park, wow.
It's the mad dog.
We taste the 470.
440560 WQ.A.M.
My name is Fort Lovey.
Even after I put it out to Miss Moria, it's a, it's a board of an embarrassing.
I'm not putting it in the DCS because it's got the wrong time.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, back before we went in there to tongue the beast.
And, and then of course, this schedule thing, which he can't be bothered to change, you know.
And as much as we love publics on this show, we love him dearly.
It would be nice to know which, you know, because a lot of you folks could go down there and see my dog at two and meet him.
There's somebody famous you could meet, right?
Say, and he would probably tell you some really wild stuff off the air.
And it would be great, but I don't know which publics he's going to be at because it doesn't say anything on it.
Then he would say the right time he's going to be on.
And then TBD, it's 1238, and they have no idea who's going to be on it at seven o'clock.
Can you believe that?
Yes.
Right, I forgot where I am.
Easy to believe that.
Where's Guilty?
I see Guilty's on his kid's room.
And he's on the air again tomorrow.
And what's the deal with him?
Did he renew as he is?
Is his contract expired?
Is he just like freelancing?
What's the deal?
A lot of that loop.
Yeah.
No, nobody tells us nothing.
We just have to read Barry and Vassarni and Friday morning.
That's the only information we get.
WQAM, hello.
I'm a transgender person.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I want to go for a joke.
WQAM, hello.
I have two for the rest.
Okay, a few.
Two.
Oh, two, okay.
You ready?
I'm ready.
Joe Robbie, thank you for letting me know how high I think it's screwing up as often.
Right.
And I would also choose Jack Ruby so I can find out what really happened with Kennedy.
Good choice.
Okay, thanks a lot, Tony.
Thanks for that.
Jack Ruby and Joe Robbie.
Have you ever seen the two of them together?
No.
Same person, I think.
A lot of similar to their big punchy guy, Joe Robbie had glasses.
I don't think Jack Ruby were glasses.
No.
Yeah.
Oh, they'll tell you any kind of crap.
They make it.
It's always this crazed, lone gunman.
It was all a bundle crap.
There are no accidents and there are no coincidences.
Just keep that in mind.
Okay, little less than probably your kids are out of school today.
There are no accidents.
There are no coincidences.
There are accidents like, you know, on a road, things like that.
Right.
But things like that that assassinations of presidents and stuff like that and leaders like Martin Luther King,
they don't happen just by accident.
Some crazed nut doesn't just have it a walk up into the hotel and blow Bobby Kennedy away.
Especially when they find like nine bullets in the wall.
I mean, they found nine bullets again.
They have what?
Six.
Hey, the other people they pick at them from.
Huh?
Those are faith-based bullets.
Oh, the faith-based ones.
I forgot about that.
Or they fake-based ones.
Twenty-two-one, a Q-M, run away to a fantastic weekend and thank God for that.
You know, it seems a needle rushers.
For us, it's on five seconds.
Q-A-M.
Phil, this is Randy West.
And as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter North the other day.
He tells me your real name is Neal Down.
And he's still ain't interested.
So wouldn't you really rather have a farmer?
Talk about the public in the farmer?
Yes.
For now, remind them that can't get any dollar.
It's the back-y thing for those trustees.
Yes.
Wouldn't you really rather have a farmer?
We can get away with naming a vehicle like that because we're a giant megabillion dollar corporation
with the French experts in Switzerland.
Oh, we can go and tell us what you do.
We're gonna have to have five of these property toys.
You really rather have a farmer?
For the young common farmer not a governor?
Nothing more impressive than a farmer?
We'll recumb the kids on a pink wheel.
From 44 to 560 WDQM, Ed and Ford Lauderdale says for the poll, Peter North seems to me we just had a message from Randy West for Peter Wright.
Can't put Peter North on there.
A lot of people would like to remit up with him.
That's back in the day though, certainly not now.
He's not looking too big.
A little longer in the tooth right now.
He's long in the tooth.
Get back to our dyke thing here.
We got let's see, one, two, three, four more.
Can you handle it?
All right.
Four more who might be and might not be.
Who's gay and who's not according to inquiries?
Charlize, they're all.
Really?
Despite packing on 30 pounds, donning a set of bad teeth and sporting a scraggly herd who play real life lesbian serial killer, Eileen Warnos.
Oscar winner Charlize, they're on still raised temperatures.
When she and co-star Kristina Ricci shared on screen lesbian love.
Charlize's boyfriend is actor Stewart Townsend.
Clint, she enjoyed her romantic time with Kristina.
Calling her a good kisser although lamenting, I don't think Kristina even had a lot of tongue.
Oh, well.
So what does that say?
Through over.
Yeah.
Share.
Yeah, well.
After her daughter, Chastity, came out of the clubs and shared told the gay magazine the advocate that she experimented with women when she was younger.
And although Sharer's denied rumors, and I've had one thing, she was always a lot more mature than sunny.
Yeah.
And although Sharer has denied rumors that she made love to close pals Kate Jackson and Liza Manelli, she has admitted,
I can't say whom I'm going to be attracted to in my life.
The thing has to do with the person not the sex.
Well, there you go.
And let's hope it's not anybody we know.
Sarah Gilbert, talk about me.
Sarah Gilbert who played wise cracking Darleen on the Hitcho Rose Ann is a new mother date 29.
After her lesbian lover, Alison Adler delivered a baby boy.
Is that cute?
Yeah, I do that about her.
Oh, did you?
Oh, yeah.
As the inquirer reported exclusively, Alison gave birth via sperm donor.
According to a family friend, Sarah's big sister, Melissa Gilbert, a little house on the prairie, is ecstatic of being an ant and former TV mother Rose Ann was so thrilled that she sent a boatload of baby gifts to the happy family.
Boatload.
Oh, I wonder if her crying about that.
That got you.
And last and certainly least, Queen Latifa.
Oh, yeah.
Please.
Queen Latifa played butch prison warden Mama Morton in their head movie Chicago, lusting after Catherine Zeta Jones, excuse me,
vampish Velma character a little too convincingly, and giving further credence to rumors that the rapper actresses a real life lesbian.
I don't care what people think about my sexuality, she said.
She also played a manly lesbian in the 19 and 96 film, set it off.
Most recently, the type of party that a girl's night in New York club on Thanksgiving Day despite the talk she refused to say which team she plays for.
So that's also we got a rubber Blake story for next hour.
Let me testify.
He's doing the apartment thing.
I want to testify.
I still love that song, man.
I got it somewhere, a book of writing.
Let him go.
He only shoots money, grabbing stealing whores.
That's right.
The bitch had it coming.
Okay.
We like Bobby Blake and we like that cockatoo as well.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
If you could meet anyone famous person from throughout history, someone living now or living in a long time or in between.
Who would that be?
433 votes.
They're busy looking at the Carmella.
If you haven't checked our BD curtain today, if you're over the age of 75, please do it.
It'll put a smile on your post.
Jesus Christ, 137 want to meet including George.
Watch the news.
That's what Jesus would be.
Would you better make things right with your savior, man?
Carmella's in custody.
47.
They want to meet her just for about half an hour.
Probably wouldn't want to leave though.
Bill Clinton 39.
John Lennon, look what he's got.
3rd, man.
Albert Einstein 21, J.F.K.s got 20.
Adolf Hitler 15.
You have to wait in line to roll family's got to some, they already got appointments.
The funerous Thompson 15, Michael Moore 13, Jim Morrison 8, Carmen Lecture 8, Heidi Fleiss 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8.
Faberus 7, Leonardo da Vinci 6, Jury Garcia, Keith Richards, each have five.
Four for Bob Marley, Phil Henry, Ted Williams.
Three for Greg Reed, Jimmy Hendrix, Hugh Hefner, and somebody who's just in just refers to.
I hate it.
And Alexander the Great, and Gary Lewis.
Two for Osama Vinlod, and Winston-Wine's star in Churchill, two for Lee Harvey Oswald, Carl Sagan,
the Pope, Keith Moon, Marjot, Prince Harry, John Glenn, Brandon DeWilda, me first.
And one for Peter North, Elvis, the Queen, and none yet for Jack Ruby, Joe Robbie,
C. Lecruz, Dorothy Strat, North Timothy Lary, out of 441 vote.
That's what we got so far.
I mean, I'll use your imagination.
I mean, love you guys, I used to that.
Right?
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Yeah, I'm Bob Marley, we don't have the Osama.
He's so many on there, sir.
Thank you so much.
I think I just got through saying that like four seconds ago.
But he's on our 49th second delay.
He's on our six minute delay.
W.C.Y.M. line nine. Hello.
Hello, Hurt, just pick this meal please.
Speaking.
Oh, I want to meet Neil Raj.
Okay, well, I don't want to meet you.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Good afternoon.
How about Edward Amorow?
Edward Amorow would be great.
Except that he was going to smoke in your face.
He would have been a fascinating character though.
You're right.
Okay, thanks.
Edward Amorow.
Yeah, he was a teen smokey.
He didn't want to answer all your punks out there.
He wanted to smoke.
Oh, you want to look like we'll grow up.
Yeah, we'll grow up and we'll dead early smoking them faggots, okay?
Stay away from those faggots.
And from Bob's sagging too, while you're at it.
A little, what did you say he was very funny in?
A half date.
He did a little cameo there.
Funniest thing I've ever saw.
See, that we had a shot from.
You know what?
I'm a big friend.
I don't know what Josh said.
He has one line, but it's very good.
Yeah, it's a, well, maybe a couple lines.
But you can't see it on the ear.
No, no, no.
Well, it must be very good then.
It was great.
It would have been good.
You certainly couldn't see it on the ear.
I'll put charts.
Not anymore.
No.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Up and there.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a name for your poll.
Okay.
And Lou of his birthdays this Monday, Dr. King.
Dr. Remart, Lose of King, give me.
And I would advise him if you happen to be in Memphis, stay with him up a window.
Yeah, don't, don't, don't, to hang out with the Jesse Jackson.
Right here you go.
Okay, thank you.
How do we get you two?
Stay off the balcony, Martin.
Don't do it.
You're a young man.
You got your whole life out of you.
Stay off that balcony.
That's another one.
What's the guy thing who died who was supposedly shot him?
I can never think of his name.
That guy looked like Dr. Jack of Orchid.
James Earl Ray.
James Earl Ray.
Very good.
I just had a brain fart on him.
I don't know why.
We all know Sir Han, Sir Han, and Lee Harvey Oswald.
You always getting confused with James Earl Jones.
And they looked a lot alike.
Right.
James Earl Jones.
I don't know what it is.
Why do I always think he was dead?
And now he's doing TV spots.
Sure, why not?
Well, dead guy.
Got to be in something.
If I say in Scepter, so see this is CNN.
Well congratulations, okay.
Thank you.
With no embarrassment factor at all.
In fact, that would be a good pull to take.
Who's your favorite boy?
Like the voice type person.
Right?
That is good.
We didn't ever do that.
Like voice over.
No, not voice over person.
I mean, what do they know?
That's too in.
But like, what actor actress has the greatest voice?
Okay.
You like that?
I do.
Let me do that.
Let me write it down.
Because I came up with a real good one yesterday.
Remember I said I'm not going to give it out?
And then I forgot it.
It was so good I forgot it.
Damn it.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay.
Voice.
I just write voice.
Right.
The voice.
The Roger Houston would say at the metal.
Is it the voice?
Yes.
Talk about a big fat pompous, egotistical ass Roger.
You take the cake man.
You're a prosthetic.
Roger Houston.
Who was the first track announcer at Pompadot Park by the way?
A little trivia for you there.
Okay.
Broke all the speakers, shouting and screaming and puking.
Gov.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, Palli.
Hey, Palli.
Listen, I got a problem on the poll which he's described.
You said famous people.
Now if you put him on there, you might as well put the tooth fairy, right?
Oh, the tooth fairy is on it.
I got eight two votes.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
But that's not my suggestion.
What is your suggestion?
What other part would you like?
Pardon?
I said who else would you like?
Toby Boots.
Toby Boots, huh?
I never got to see him.
I'll be there.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Keep him hanging about.
Okay, Palli.
Stay.
Get out of here.
Toby Boots.
Who is probably most people running?
Who's that?
He was like a big fat performer like an ampholotarial hotel.
Toby Boots.
I don't even remember what his thing was.
What is the deal with that joke?
Yeah, it must have been it.
W.A.M.
Hello.
You're here, Palli.
Yes, sir.
How about it?
How about it?
I'll be right there.
Hey!
Let's see the joke.
W.A.M.
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
I'm good.
I'm good.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
How are you doing?
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
I'm very glad.
Jesus Christ 149, which is very silly when he came right down to it.
I just, I can't deal with it.
I can deal with it.
I can deal even better with the QM madness than I can with the whole religion thing.
It just, it maddens me.
It just, it just, it just makes me very angry and very dismayed.
It's just, it's so obvious on the face of it that you're grasping its straws.
It's all about fear of death.
Guess what?
There ain't no God.
There ain't no Jesus.
There ain't no Buddha.
There ain't no Abraham.
There's only Abraham Solomon.
Okay.
He was my grandpa.
He's dead.
That's it.
I think it was also a rabbi, Abraham Solomon.
A lot of Abraham Solomon's running around like David Schwartz.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or a Rondin Goldstein or Sylvia Lipschitz.
Jesus Christ 149, Carmel and Chesrey 52.
I guarantee you, if we would have that picture on there, she wouldn't have one vote.
Right.
Everybody said, huh?
Who's that?
How do you pronounce that?
I think how you, can I give you a clue?
Okay.
And you'll agree with me, you guys, when you see the picture, here's how you pronounce that line.
Yes, name.
Right.
Am I right?
Chesrey.
Yeah.
So anyway, Carmel has got 52.
If you haven't seen our beating curtain yet, believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
Trust this old fag.
When you look at that, you'll say, oh my God.
They're gonna say, Neil's wrong.
There is a God.
We actually assembled a committee to choose the pictures from all the ones I gathered together.
Good.
Why are you got more of her?
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, why don't we make this one?
Now, who else are we gonna put on in this week?
I forgot already.
Okay.
I don't win my voice.
What?
I'm telling you, listen to me.
Next week, yeah.
How many people got it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know for the weekend that got them five more anyway.
Well, good.
Let's make it Carmel and Chesrey week on Q&A.
I'll website next week.
Oh, boy.
We'll have these people glued to it, stuck to it, and the screen too.
Bill Clinton, 46, John Lennon, 34, Albert Einstein, 25, J.F.K.20, Hitler, 18, after the Batonbergs
you've done talking to him.
Hunter rest, Thompson, 16, after they get his autograph.
Michael Moore, 14, Carmen Electro, 11, Leonardo da Vinci, H.M. Orson, 8, Heidi Fleiss, 8,
Baby Root, has got seven.
Who I haven't had to baby root since I saw that one in the punch pool?
Don't do it.
Hugh Hefner, 6, Bill Marley.
Bill Marley.
Oh, I think I said John Velachi before.
Instead of Joe Velachi?
I don't remember.
No, I think I did a bad.
I know it's Joe Velachi, okay.
Don't give me any crap.
I know my gangsters.
Hugh Hefner, 6, Bob Marley, 5.
Here we go, C-5.
Keith Richards, 5.
Peter North has got four.
I think he's got more than that.
Jimmy Henry, Spill, Henry Ted Williams, Alexander the Great Each have four.
Langstein Churchill's got three.
Greg Reed's three, same intellect.
Carl Sagan, Gary Lewis three.
O'Sum of Villeau and Elvis and Leharry Oswell, the Pope, Keith Moon, and Mark Schott, and Prince Harry, and John Glenn, and Brandon the Wollies have appeared.
Everybody else has got one.
So far, long way to go.
You've got the whole weekend to ponder that and ponder Carmella's thing.
Blake Teads, let me testify.
Says, I want to testify by the parliaments.
I got that over here somewhere.
I guarantee you, if I took like 20 minutes off and just rambled around, we got plenty.
Huh?
We got music.
Not over the weekend, I'll find, I'll dig it up.
I mean, you don't want to hear it.
The audience probably don't like it, but it's a good song.
I'm not going down like Scott Peterson says, Bobby Blake.
Scott Peterson is convinced Robert Blissigan is from the inquire.
Convince Robert Blake that silence is deadly.
The actor who is currently standing trial for murders convinced that Scott's decision not to testify.
I let it was conviction and death sentence.
Blake is not to make the same mistake.
Of course, the fact that he was guilty is hell.
I might have something to do with it also.
Scott, let me speak.
A source says Blake demanded it spelled L-E-M-E.
Let me speak.
A source says Blake demanded before going on trial and superior court in Venice, California,
for the 2001 slang of his wife, that trailer trash bitch, Bonnie Lee Bakerley, who had it coming.
You have to let me take the stat.
I have to testify.
He said.
Source says Blake closely followed the Peterson trial and was stunned when Peterson was found guilty.
Were you stunned?
I wasn't.
First of all, I didn't follow it, but secondly, why would we be stunned?
I mean, he just happened to be fishing where the body washed up, you know?
He's convinced Peterson's team blew up by not letting him testify.
I said the source.
Blake sees down what some of the jurors said afterward.
They said they didn't like it that Peterson didn't make any statement on his own behalf.
Blake told his lawyer, I'm not going down like Scott Peterson.
The Buretostar's attorney, M. Gerald Schwartzbach, has taken a wait-and-see attitude regarding
Blake's possible testimony as the trial unfolds over the next few months.
But top criminal defense lawyers told the inquiry, they'd be nervous about putting the
edgy opinionated actor on the stand.
He could put his foot in his mouth and his head in the noose.
He does seem to be kind of a loose cannon-based, based on some of the public interviews he's given
since top defense attorney Steve Cron.
If I were his lawyer, I'd be afraid I couldn't keep him under control.
And then he'd say something that might make him look foolish or manipulative or deceitful.
Like the management of QAM.
Cron said he would let Blake testify only if he absolutely had to, and he wouldn't know that
I'm until the trial was nearly over.
I wouldn't make the decision whether to put him on a stand yet.
He said you go through the case and you look at all the evidence present.
You wait on the end of the prosecution presentation and you talk to your client.
You talk to people who have been observing and then you make the decision based on the evidence.
You don't make it at the beginning.
Cron thinks Scott Peterson's lawyer, Mark Garragos, not related to Mike Verragos,
who's the attorney for E. Russell on passions now, by the way.
That's how sick they are.
Mark Garragos was right not to let Scott testify.
He's lost.
So it's easy to say it's a mistake, Cron.
At the time I thought it was the right thing to do.
His lawyer made the best decision under the circumstances.
I think it would have turned out the same way if he testified.
That's what happens when your guilty is held and there's overwhelming evidence in your compulsive BS artist
and a liar like Scott Peterson.
But in Bobby Blake's case, a lot of us like Bobby Blake, right?
We didn't like Scott Peterson.
Yeah.
As opposed to a lot of those fat shuttons who were sending him love letters and popus...
Oh, he heard you in the middle.
Oh, yeah.
Same people that go to Graceland, by the way, to Moon over Elvis.
They're moaning on it right now.
If I ever hear one more guy tell me that he went to Graceland with his idea or that his wife or girlfriend took him there
and he wants to go back and see it again, I'll just absolutely die someday.
Proveness after one at five, 60 WQM, at two o'clock we got, and then at four it's the show.
And seven to ten, it's 8K at ten.
So we got eight hours coming up and we haven't got...
Well, we know my dog's in public somewhere and we know Mo is going to...
Oh, I just got a defective clutch brought that up.
Yeah, Duff just let me a note.
Duff just left it to you?
Right, he's going to probably be the first time.
Miami Shores public, yes it would.
Well, that caller said our spy are really empty.
I need 50, this guy.
What is it?
1950.
9050.
And this guy...
So 90 is in the screen.
Right.
Miami Shores public's...
The man door will be there two to four.
And you know, I guess since he's got a year left in his contractor, 11 months or whatever it is with his station, I don't know...
I just don't know how you continue with that when you've got disgruntled people who've been jerked around and screwed over and lied to.
And they're going to...
You know, he's just going to have to do the best he can, which I'm sure will be fine.
But not a pleasant circumstance, okay?
Here's something that's a lot more pleasant.
Armistone Ford Vice President General Manager, David Rich called a couple of days ago to tell us that he's overstocked with Mustangs.
He's got Mustangs coming out every part of his body.
In fact, David said that Armistone Ford will blow off these new 2005, 6 cylinder Mustangs for as little as 17,900.
That's the savings for you of over 3,500 bucks.
Plus they got a couple of 2004 models left and get this.
They'll let them go for just 12,499 original MSRP with 1860.
So that's the savings for over 5,600 bucks.
Great deals, plus as always, Armistone Ford includes tires and batteries for life with each vehicle you buy.
Great prices and the value and friendly service, that's the Armistone of Homestead difference.
So when you're ready for that new vehicle coming to the dealer, it'll treat you just like family.
Armistone Ford, a homestead, you'll find him at Southwest 3073 in U.S.1, exit at the Campbell Drive-Off the Turnpike.
No matter where you live, it's worth the drive, because they're going to save you $1,000,000.
Price will include off-actory rebates and discounts with the fruit credit, plus tax tag and fees.
You are listening to Neil Roger Fee, who lives in L.A. on 516.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
You all are.
I just am amazed at you
that you are like that.
I'm just not with the fed enough.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
 pax
Who made a crime?
Who made a crime?
**
**
I worked for last month, my cubes.
**
**
Burst?
.
IT darkness.
It's not the right time I'm space  autorefe
off to everybody.
It's not the right time.
**
The operation rates asked and of course the answer is there will be a good start.
But of course with this president and this group of Boardingen Bible Thumping Neocon murderers,
which by the way the people are dying like flies over there, even I don't give you the numbers anymore because what's the point?
Murderer butcher with more blood on his hands than just about anybody. I guess he's trying to be the New Joe Stalin.
In fact, maybe he can meet the British royal family already has like this. Maybe they'll cotton them just like Tony Blair.
Nudo said his case is different this time because he actually has a ticket to attend the inauguration he said being there live is different for than four years ago when he planted lots of ceremony on television.
Justice Department lawyer Edward White scoffed at that claim saying the issues in the two cases are the same and that no she'll still is not showing how he'd be injured by hearing the prayer.
All new people according to those football games man the dolphin games. Now if they do that also with the hurricane games, I would assume they do it. College football I haven't been to one so long.
No, I don't think so. They don't know. Well, so why is that? So in other words, it's a choice of what I've always said the NFL isn't just a sport. It's a religion. There you go. It's a religion and don't get me wrong. I love the NFL. I'm peeing in my pants over the game.
Son of very, very nervous about that. All of my final score prediction is Indianapolis 31 to even 41. What? You don't think it's going to be a high scoring game? No, I do. I just think you're going to lose.
You're scoffing at my suggestion that the patriots are going to be Indianapolis again, which your pay the city paid man he's got a perfect record against the wing went up there. Yeah, well, that mean any lifetime record he's beaten him once.
Once, that means he's once in a lifetime and you're counting on the depleted New England secondary to be what's what's going to the room in and like I said 31 points for them, but 41 for the patriots five touchdowns and two of the
you think they have a good defense. Well, but they have a great. I'm going to pick them apart. He's going to eat them for breakfast man. He's going to chew them up and spit them out. If you ever saw a piece of peasy, pay the man you probably want to spit him out too. God. Man is he. Even you admit that whole family they're like we turtle looking at it. Look for him from entry. Yeah, it looks like a giraffe. Yeah, oh man. I am. But nonetheless, he's got a great arm and he audio, audio and he there. You'll see all the statistics against those little girls teams like Denver. You'll see just how much that counts on something.
I'm trying to talk myself in with I'm nervous. Okay, but why not be nervous? Why not have what could be a really great game or maybe we might get blown out? Who knows still a hell of a season 14 and two. I'll take it. I mean, eight, no four and 12. I ain't like no dolphin season. And we sure don't have no owner like Wayne Heisinger. That's busy.
You're screwing over the Marlins again and like change the name. You know, you're changing the name to dolphin stating because you can't find another sponsor. That's why it's been pro player for all these years and pro players been out of business. We're not kidding anybody. Wayne. See, I can't if I would assign that deal with Joyce. I couldn't have said what I just said. I'd have to kiss Wayne's ball spot and the Jeffrey Luria and David Sampson and Alan Cohen and all the other jobs. See, I don't want to burst your bubble. Okay. I'm going to tell you right now for the um team time. It even most said this. It started on the year. It's about the only accurate thing he said back in those days. Sports talk is boring.
It is terminal. It's the personalities who make the difference. That's why there's only one hand code bird. There's only one German. It's the only one Joe Rose. And of course there's only one more. And that's what people listen to. Not because of the subject matter. If that were the case, all those other people have been on the year on those other stations that have failed miserably. They would have had some numbers. Now they had numbers. All right. Most of them began with an end with a 0.0. In fact, when they put them on here, that's what I was saying. Uh oh. Another suicidal act by somebody. That's what people listen to.
For the personality network, all the left, uh, the left tackle for the left. Uh, well, that last call I've read this morning. I just wanted to just scream. Plus the fact that I shout out like he just girl would razor blades. But beside that, the lot of tackle is so important because who cares? Okay. Go out and get some right guard. Spray the phone next time you call by when spray your throat a little bit. Go get some seepa call. When in doubt, flush that thing out. Get some liquid plumber and clean your pipes out before I call a talk show again. I think it was for real. I think it was.
He was back in a slot like that. Who else talks like that? Jack Clugley. He's still alive. Yes, he is. Jack Clugman. He didn't say much about it though. Oh, we're going to sharon cutting ties with Abbas until he rains in the palace in the middle. Oh, that marriage lasted a long time. Two days ago, he called and said the good young to find ever something like that. Muscle toe. And now all of a sudden, he's cutting ties because of more of these crazy people like right away. It was going to stop right? Right. There's the evil door. Man there's that fat hall of us sucking.
You wannaokay? Yep. Please. Bye. Bye. Okay, bye. We've been polite and good. Stay healthy. Tarzond came out. What the hell? What the hell. We've been polite and tuberculosis system. Uh, alright. Okay. Those're your benignes? Um, you're never palpable. I think I you know, why is that bothering? Oh, yeah.bbcd
We're hosting a wedding Dear
We're always Happy, Happy, Happy and comical
Again
True Twenty boy old love
And her sweet body
Bad old love is important
In
So let's roll again
With theHETO
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be
Let's go to hell
You know in an Anthony
Let's go to hell
Let's go to hell
We can't figure it out
1.30 at 5.60 Wak
WK us is Jim Sornie
Sornie finally got
Something right
Here's a fast from Don who is
obviously whipped up into an
Immotional state
Don says Mr. Rogers, they just got through any lunch at Max's grill in Weston and who walks in?
Gildi, his wife and their one-year-old kid.
What kind of drugs is this guy giving his wife?
She's gorgeous.
She must weigh about 90 pounds and has a 34-C chest.
34-C.
What's that under?
HD dash.
34-C.
Don't have it.
Stanley.
That's why I can't play because I don't have it.
You got to like put that on a disc.
A lot of those narrowed weapons.
There's no good ones.
Yeah, that's it.
Anyway, she's gorgeous since his Gildi rich or come from money, what's the story?
I heard he was well endowed.
Yeah, whatever.
No, I'm not talking about what you're thinking.
Oh, what do you think I am?
I'm going home to pleasure myself tonight and forget your beat of curtain drill said done.
Well, if she's really that hot, Gildi's wife, let's get a naked picture of her on there
and we can't connect.
Oh, right.
I'll ask her that.
Anyway, this is the article by Eric Ultraman.
It's on our website and it's a little bit under longer stuff, but you know what, I'm going
to read it anyway.
Three pages.
Well, three, it's okay.
I have your permission.
The first.
Let's let him go.
How low can they go?
He writes while often annoying, poetry is an honorable necessary corollary to media and
search of the holy grail of objectivity, but the business has fallen into a pathetic state
in recent times as it's clear from three scandals, the reactions to which are no less indicative
of how low we can now go.
The first and best note of these transgressions is that involving Robert Novak, who alone
among professional journalists, who willing to play Patsy for the Bush administration
and endanger US national security by deliberately revealing the identity of CIA agent Valerie
Plain, wife of administration critic Joseph Wilson.
Shameful as they were, Novak's actions were nevertheless predictable and a career defined
by his eagerness to serve right-wing politicians and causes.
While he occasionally exploited his political connections for personal financial gain in the
form of high priced off-directed briefings for wealthy executives featuring high profile
Republican officials, Novak mostly explores his access for fame.
Washington Post editors and CNN executives allowed him transgressions and the Washington
establishment continued to embrace him because he is so embedded in the city's corrupt,
journalistic political culture that he can no longer be separated from it.
Even the spectacle of two journalists, Times Matthew Cooper and New York Times Judith
Miller, facing personally playing case when it's clearly Novak, who's at fault, seems
to have done nothing to shake his employer's confidence.
Ironically, although CNN is part of company with Tucker Carlson as an outspoken counsel
crossfire, with its new chief Jonathan Klein endorsing John Stuart's not famous indictment
that the show's partisan hackery is hurting America, the far more offensive Novak remains
in Klein's good graces.
Carlson is a tell their conservative journalist who, like almost every other television
funded, has allowed himself to become a sitcom-style caricature as fame and Washington level
riches beckoned.
A moderate right-winger by contemporary standards, Carlson complained that he was often expected
to take the administration position, evenly disagreed with it, demonstrating the fundamental
dishonesty of the entire setup.
It is not an accident that the two sides on crossfire were divided between political professionals
on one side and hack journalists on the other.
In the far right dominated culture of cable TV, no liberal journalists has been invited
to write to the level of a Carlson or Novak, an Orally Limbaugh, a Scarborough, etc.,
even PBS is largely throwing in the towel and inviting liberals on the air, cutting back
the post-Bill Moria's now to half an hour, and following with a show for Carlson and
another for the extremist self-described wild men of the Wall Street Journal editorial
pages.
Carlson is about to get his own show on MSNBC where, like Scarborough and CNBC's hapless
Dennis Miller rating 0.1, he'll chase the Oralities and the Hannities of Fox for part
of the right-wing audience pie.
The mercy-killing of crossfire, while welcome on many levels, removes just about the only
opportunity for cable viewers to hear the liberal perspective at all.
On Fox and MSNBC, viewers are given only Alan Combs type full liberals.
On the Sunday shows like Meet the Press, this split is most often often between the fire
breeders like Novak or William Sapphire and set a right concern as like David Broder,
liberals need not apply.
If you're wondering where the line that cannot be crossed by conservative punish during
the administration's bidding is, Armstrong Williams, a 45-year-old black conservative,
who's the favorite in all those shows, discovered it.
As USA Today reported, Armstrong accepted payments totaling nearly $1,000,000 to PIMP
the administration's position on the no-child left behind law, both on radio and TV.
The arrangement, which came attached to their expense, throws into sharp reliefs just
how closely entwined conservative punishments have become with this administration and with
the conservative movement in particular.
The conservative presses self-consciously conservative and self-consciously part of the
team, Grover and Orquist explains, the liberal presses conflicted.
Sometimes it thinks it needs to be critical of both sides.
Washington 240 grams for a public relations firm in which he is a partner, Armstrong put
his newspaper column in a TV and radio appearances at the service of the administration.
The contract stipulated that a public relations firm hired by the education department would
arrange for Mr. Williams to regularly comment on NCLV no-child left behind during the course
of his broadcast that Secretary Page and other Department officials shall have the option
of appearing from time to time as studio guests and then Mr. Williams shall utilize his
long-term work in relationships with America's Black Forum, a Black News program to encourage
the producers to periodically address the no-child left behind act.
Williams explained that while he knew he was in rough water, journalistically, he took
the cash because the law is something I believe in.
Now, I'm going to Mr. Rove for a cool mill, I guess I'll believe you found Sodom's WMDs.
Now, some of that I had read another article before, but it's worth repeating.
Williams has been fired by Tribune Media Services, which distributed his column, but I'd
be surprised if he's kept off the cable news that was very long.
MSNBC has invited a known plagiarist, Mike Barnacle, a host of show there.
Pat Robertson agreed with Jerry Falwell that America got what had deserved on 9-11, but
CNN still uses him as an expert commentator on Middle East affairs.
The Williams episode also raises the question of how many other conservative propaganda is
around the taking into the administration's peyola.
We know that local TV stations have shown the administration's fake news reports distributed
by CNN featuring Karen Ryan to promote its Lausy New Medicare law, the Office of National
Drug Control Policy use the same tactic to help stations fool viewers with illegal
covert propaganda programs according to the GAO.
The revolution in these tactics foresee an end to change its policies to this allow
their use good for them and good for them for canning crossfire.
But for goodness' sake, Mr. Klein, what about Bob Novak?
Have I said that 80's in in time?
40's in in times.
What is he doing on there?
He belongs in jail.
He belongs in federal prison.
Traitor?
Yeah.
He's a traitor of the country.
He jeopardized the life not only of valedery play, but just about everybody else in the
CIA.
And there he is.
I'm crossfire.
Well, not anymore.
I'm pretty soon going off very shortly.
Crossfire.
I think he's the antichrist.
I think he'll be shaved his head just before he's slid his neck.
I think in time, triple six is up there.
You know what?
Up where?
Up there.
Up on top.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and the Singular wireless lines.
You'd probably get out of couple more names of the list.
Or God don't know as we're kind of intellectual calls.
We'll get these last a few minutes.
That's what I'm going to do.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
That's the last pretty coach.
Going once.
With our seven minute delay in the back.
In long gone.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Can they make it till two today?
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
For the poll, I'd like to give Larry Glick a vote.
Larry who?
Larry Glick.
Well, Larry Glick.
OK, Larry Glick.
He's the only guy I've ever got to be the key solution at the talk radio.
So I can't.
Very good.
He was a lot of fun.
OK, thanks a lot, Kelly.
Great, thanks.
I hope he's still not being the server with the one who's deli somewhere in software.
I think he is.
And I think he was a legal seafood, I do believe.
He was the server.
Not not the one they call the greeder.
The greeder, the host.
The greeder, the host.
The host.
Yes, Phil Henry, what's that?
Are you sure?
The host.
WQAM, hello.
A maximum of 30, man.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Is Neil?
Sounds like me.
It's good on you.
I got one for your poll.
OK, Pallee.
Let's have it.
You have to.
Who is it?
He's out there.
He'll have to.
He's with me on there.
He's not on there.
OK, he's been on a lot of polls this week.
Wasn't he on a poll yesterday?
What was that poll?
What was the question?
What's the question?
Ugly rich guys.
Ugly rich guys, you have to have got it off a lot of action.
And they'd like to be, although, frankly, they'll pass on you if they can just take a
close peek at Carmella.
You're listening to Neil, Roger, and Jason, please.
Let's take a turn on 566D.
QAM.
Toronto, Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority.
Neil God.
We are the new Christiana team.
George Bush is our Christ and King.
We are the end of ignorant mudwats.
We're going to be the algorithms of dumbness.
The sacrifice we must ingest.
The body and blood of Paul Will's flesh.
We should've sworn in different life, which I didn't know how I was.
We should've sworn in different life, which I didn't know how I was.
We should've sworn in the eye, which I didn't know how I was.
We should've sworn in the push-up, dumbness, worship, or short die.
Yes, it was at least TV right now.
It was a game.
I was thinking about it.
Joe Bowen.
Not quite a coincidence.
I think I must be my second powers again.
They're sitting around talking about hockey because nobody's playing.
You don't care?
No.
Joe Bowen, Rick V.
Bill Waters.
Oh, Bill Waters.
No, no, no, no.
He's going to get away from the sports.
He's either talking about steroids and sports.
Which I never got to that story yesterday, which is okay.
Everybody else heard about it.
Big deal.
It's a joke.
Players on his degree on tougher steroid policy and baseball.
What we do?
Yeah.
Baseball players and owners of reached an agreement on a tougher steroid testing program,
including a penalty for first-time offenders.
A first positive test will result in a suspension for up to 10 days.
The penalties will increase to one year's suspension for a fourth positive test.
Under the previous agreement, a first positive test that resulted in only a two-and-a-and goes on.
The other big deal.
Slap on the wrist.
It's all it is.
Just a joke, okay?
People don't give a crap.
That's what it was down to.
I'll tell you what people do give a crap.
And that is they'd like to know when their favorite radio people are going to be on here.
We can't tell you.
Because during the entire program, Clarence never bothered.
Now, what did that slip you?
He gave you the address?
Right.
For my dog.
But we didn't get a schedule from Clarence, though.
Okay.
So at least Muff is making an effort.
But Clarence, our program director and name only, is just slacking off.
Okay.
He's just too busy rolling around under his desk there with the beast.
They're doing a little wrestling with their conscience or with their whatever the wrestling.
Watch out for herpes.
Yeah.
That's right.
Going around with all of you wrestlers, okay?
That's yourpes, man.
They ain't no fun.
Trust me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, y'all.
I think I just got some Georgia going to take over now.
Yeah.
But that what they sound like.
Yeah, it was into me.
No, well, actually when you have oral herpes, man, you're telling you, you're going to do it.
You know, that's the thing.
Like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's not good.
Come in to QA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hi, I'm Joe.
Pretty good, pal.
You know, it's a couple questions.
If hockey ever does rear attack, as an NHL,
do you think the organization itself has to go like a big change?
And you really think what the panthers do here?
A good chance they won't is what am I would say.
Very good chance they won't.
What about the NHL?
The concerts they have, and how many washed up rock bands?
I don't know.
They look too good.
These two are probably after that.
And get a new phone.
Okay.
I can't do anything to your son.
When that a bad phone, by the way, no NHL season as far as I can see.
It's already January 14th.
They're not talking.
They're not, you know, and there's a Rick Vive and, you know, living his glory days and they're sitting around.
They got a lot of time to fill up on Leafs TV, you know what?
How do you like to have a channel, 24-hour, 24-7 channel, about a sports that's not being played at the moment?
And not too impressive.
Easy to program.
It is.
For what?
The best pattern?
Right.
A lot of these are programs that WQM, okay?
WKOS, I should probably have read the very Jackass and Jimmy Sartey columns again today just because this place deserves it.
And I hate to say this because we love the mad dog, dearly.
We like this to have him stay around by.
Part of me would like to see him stay, but they're, you know, I'm going to say, right.
But there's a part of me that would like to see him jump the ship and go with it off and go into the other place just because certain people in this place deserve it.
They've played fast and loose with so many people and told so many half-truths and untruths and BS and just assume that they could jerk everybody around and just everybody was going to sign here and do that.
And, you know, just for once, I'd love to see somebody stick it right down their throat.
I'd love it.
Yeah.
How come they didn't come after me from that?
I see a lot of other deals, but that's one outfit that they were really smart, which I guess they're not as smart as they claim, even though mad dogs says they're the, what do they call them?
They're the bad guys and they're the white knights. They're the guys in shining armor, something like that.
Based on what?
Based on what? They got Craig Minervini and Stu Gotz on here.
I don't know. I'm not too impressed.
But just once this place deserves getting a come-up and it's okay for the kind of jerking everybody around that they've been doing.
I mean, just unconscionable. I'm unprecedented, including this show and this audience.
Oh, well, you're going to come on whatever Howard's done for the day and, you know, different time every day.
Forget about what the contract said.
I mean, I've let him off the hook to hump or let him off the hook, but only by precluding a lot of crap they wanted to stick in there.
And now they like, now let them hang for a while, let them, you know, twist in the wind.
Because that one, they see, what they got now is a double-edged sword, because they don't have either person on at the time they want them on.
They got Mo on there, which they quite frankly don't want them on at all, to be honest with you.
And now they got him on a 4-7 right there in afternoon driving prime time.
You see, if you want to think if he were to buffer from 2-4, which is what they wanted, he agreed to do.
But now they got him on here because they got nobody else.
So now he's doing 4-7, which is not what, like Michael said, this is not what I wanted.
Remember what Michael, you didn't see that.
That's not a Godfather through.
Yeah, you remember that scene?
I do.
And he was sitting in his hotel room in the chair, right.
And there was the three of them, Andy Garcia, and there was Nuri and Connie.
Talia.
Talia Shar, Connie.
It's not what I want to understand.
Don't ever give an order like that again.
And Nuri nods his head, okay, and Vincent finally grudgingly, you know, hot-headed Vincent.
Okay, you understand?
Yes.
I keep repeating it because it's such a great scene.
You know, it's the eye contact between Pacino and Talia Sharda, so right there.
And she just keeps looking off of the side.
Because she was like a hard ass too, man.
Right.
In the beginning, you know, when I was talking about an opponent show when he had Carlo off
and she had had a bug up a race about Michael.
But after that, Nancy became like, she was really should have been the next to the head of the family.
She's on this, right?
She's been the adonis.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, can I add to, you know, the right answer.
Take your time and go ahead ahead.
Okay, I'm about Harry Carey.
Harry Carey, be fun.
I met him at one time.
He's a blast.
And number two.
And when I turned into Mad Dog, yes, I thought it was the end of the world, the way that thing started.
Oh, yeah, we're now off of the head of technical problem.
And I was, I'm thinking he's having a big argument with somebody out in the hallway.
I had no idea what that was going on.
Yeah, unbelievable.
Yeah, it really is.
Welcome to a crazy place, man.
Thanks.
Have a good one, pal.
You got Harry Carey?
Let's see a R-A-Y, by the way.
It's not the way most people spelled, but that's the way he spelled it, which wasn't his real name.
I forget what he, his real name was like some Italian name.
He was an orphan, Harry Carey.
But I guess it's only a different thing.
He said that big bar room in the sky right now.
Shouldn't we just out of courtesy?
Shouldn't we do a little drop in a little something in here?
One moment.
One moment please.
I want to find the appropriate thing for Harry Carey.
Take your time.
Here it is.
Come to me.
Come to me.
Come to me.
I'm a come to you.
I'm a come to you.
I'm a come to you.
I'm a come to you.
I'm a come to you.
I'm a come to you.
I trust you, R-A-Y.
It's your, why don't we say Harry?
Come to Q-A-M.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir, speaking.
Harry Carey's great, but I got one better.
I'd love to sit down and reminisce with Jackie Gleason.
Jackie Gleason would be great.
You could meet him for dinner at Pompa No Park.
He used to be there at a table right in front of the window.
But he'd have stories of me care grow out of every orphan to your body.
Guaranteed.
Okay, good choice.
Thanks a lot, Billy.
Stop floating in Jackie Gleason.
He's still dead by the way.
Art Carney.
I can't believe Art Carney's dead.
That's bad.
I mean, it's bad that Jackie reasons dead too, but Art Carney was like.
You know what I mean?
He was like what?
He's just a good, a good, good thing.
I mean, everybody like Art Carney, right?
Absolutely.
And imaging coca.
Mm-hmm.
Now, am I getting on the right track?
No, she was on with Sincezer.
Yeah.
Well, it's hard to keep them all, you know, straight, so to speak.
It's hard to figure that for you.
I mean, Steve Allen, I know because it's like, like I said yesterday, Tom Poston, Don Nott's,
Dayton Allen, Louis Nye, all of these.
All of these statements.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes sir.
Good afternoon to you.
Well, you know something.
I'm a big QAM fan, listening to you for years, followed you from IOD, but I've never seen
the station more screwed up.
It can't make a decision and just get it right already.
And this is all the correction.
I'm pissed off.
I love all these shows, but you know, our David, have a nice day.
Man, this is going to take care of him.
It's ridiculous.
He'll have a great weekend.
Thank you, you too.
Yeah, I just don't understand.
But like I said, I'm not going to get myself all bad out of shape anymore because yesterday
I thought I was going to have a nervous breakdown over it.
And even though I finally got my deal done, now they're like screwing this whole thing up.
It's just give the guy what he wants.
Quit screwing with him.
Okay, he doesn't need to be doing interviews.
He's right.
The interviews are boring.
It's not his style.
He's just fine.
He doesn't need any help.
Okay.
Believe me, not any of the management people in this radio station have ever given one IOD of assistance
to any of us on the year in doing our show.
Okay.
Line this up.
Turn us loose.
Let us go.
Okay.
We know where the parameters are.
We got a 75 minute delay now.
So you don't have to worry too much about that.
And just let it through our thing.
That's it.
Simple, right?
Not here.
Anything that's simple, they complicate it.
They make it into a big psychotic simmits.
Okay.
I know what it's all about.
I really think that.
Remember, I don't want to go through the whole thing.
But I think that certain people in this organization ought to be forced to submit to a
psychic effort he's in, don't you?
Or at least submit.
Or at least just submit like their resignation.
You will listen to Neil Rogers.
And this is the little thing that we have on 566.
Thanks, thanks, thanks, you're too pregnant.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get married.
