Yep, you give me a lot more money. You know what there's a guy in the piston mom. There's a guy who could be his biggest star outside of Shaquille
Shaque! Because you say whatever your guy says I don't think that guy. That guy. That guy that's not that guy.
That guy.
Anyway, Wago's not a nominal.
You got something going on with him too? No, no. I like Kelly. I hope he does well.
Do do do do do.
And those two aren't exactly getting along too well. In fact probably somebody...
No, no, no.
No, no. Too happy they're guilty. This is a super job.
You know because played by play guys tend to be very jealous of each other,
especially if they have like a big pompous ego.
But don't do that.
They're like, I was going to say the good ones aren't.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah?
No, they're not. They don't care. They just go out and do their stuff.
They're not jealous of the other guys.
Mm-hmm.
Don't start with this hockey talk.
Uh, great code text.
Oh, we're talking by play guys.
Because you had noticed, uh, great code text writes in the uh,
Harold this morning. Oh, let's bring back the rats to hell with the NHL.
I mean, this guy has such a moron. He always has been always will be.
He's an idiot.
Absolutely idiot.
They're not going to bring back the rats.
They can't throw crap on the ice.
It was a really stupid ass idea in the first place.
Only in Miami would people come up with that.
It's just ain't going to happen.
Well, they did ask for permission.
Yeah.
And they haven't heard back yet.
Yeah, well, they better not get permission.
It's so stupid to delay.
The whole concept of all the lot of these changes is the speed to game up
as opposed to slowing it down every time they score a gold,
I have to take 500 rats off the ice.
You think they're crazy.
I looked at the scores today and uh,
with a couple of exceptions,
there weren't that many by scoring games.
No, no,
Leafs blew their game in the last couple of minutes and then wound up losing
on the shootout.
And over time, I hate that shootout.
But it is, oh, that's not sports.
First stupid now.
I mean, either it's a hockey game or it's a shootout.
You know, make up your mind.
Is, uh, you know, are you playing a hockey rules or is this, uh,
they're just doing it because they're desperate to try to add new viewers
and it's not going to happen in the States.
They're not going to get new viewers because they've seen some rules.
They're not going to get new viewers on the outdoor channel.
Oh, on OLN.
I got that here.
You got it on your cable.
You better get that.
I do.
I've been okay.
Well, then maybe not.
I don't know.
I was watching the Gameway of Style on Sports Channel.
In fact, let me see.
Where's the, uh, I think it's three four.
I don't know where the hell they're finding it.
Ha ha ha.
Oh, that's bad.
There is, oh, here it is.
That's camping out for this week.
I'm Emma Brown.
Thanks for watching.
Camping out.
She's camping out, eh?
Oh, yeah.
Well, on the channel.
She's camping out.
Oh, after watch that.
I'm sorry.
She's camping out.
Oh, brother.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
So we're real excited about guilty.
And Tante is going to win their division this year.
They're going to kick some ass to get in the playoffs for the first time in a while.
And there'll be a lot of 40 bad wagon jumpers.
I was just pleased to see that who was the one that told me?
Maybe it was Greg Cote.
One of the articles that I read was that there were a lot of empty seats
even though they claimed by a thousand there.
empty seats.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is a prize made.
They got a long way to go to get people back.
And what's not a sports town anyway?
It's a football town.
That's it.
That was Dave Hodge calm today.
Oh, that's the one I read.
Yeah, where he said that the 5,000 empty seats, not for opening nights,
sports town have a point.
When the stand-up champions Tampa Bay Lightning come to Tante Mourn,
they better not be no 5,000 empty seats.
Or I'm going to like start asking a lot of serious questions.
Oh, more so.
Mourn said that the only had about a thousand tickets left for tomorrow night.
Yeah.
Randy, Red Deer, Randy Mourn.
That guy.
That's silly clown.
The mascot.
He had to replace Stanley C. Panther.
Just be the team mascot.
You know, you're very hard.
You don't like Mourn?
No, I didn't say, oh, and now you're starting, man.
His wife is probably listening right now.
Don't ever, don't ever say something that she can grab on to.
She's the most sensitive thing in the world.
All I did was.
I like him.
No, I like Randy.
He's a good guy.
Yeah.
He goes very far now to be his role in life as to be a silly goose.
He wants to be a silly person.
And he's going to have a job at it.
But nevertheless, but you know me, I don't like anybody.
I'm just a hard ass.
You know, you're just an old softy.
I'm just, I kind of like balanced.
I'm just old.
You like everybody.
You're just real easy guy.
And I'm just a hard ass.
We're a little as bastard that never lets out on the world.
Just, I don't like everybody.
Yeah, well, give me a name or somebody that you can't stand.
Well, I'll see that with my own.
Wait a minute.
Somebody outside the building that you can't stand.
Oh, that kind of takes away my.
Yeah, well, come on.
Let's hear it.
Besides that wouldn't be any big revelation.
That must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, I don't like him.
John Henry.
Oh, I can't stand.
How about Wayne?
You know what?
I don't have huge problems with Wayne.
Really?
We want to start talking about the food in the press box again.
That wasn't him.
Who was that?
It was a guy who was a president of the stadium.
Oh, I see.
Wayne, do you think Wayne cares what I say about the food in the stadium?
I don't know.
I know he cares about some of the stuff.
He cares about some of the stuff people say.
Because I remember the time that we had to put Zagaki on air.
That's before I came to the station.
And they took you off the air while he was giving you a call.
He was calling you from his plane or something.
The story goes.
And Zagaki was on air for a few minutes
while you were getting instructions for Wayne about some damn thing.
And then he did the same thing with Mad Dog.
Don't you remember on his very first broadcast?
His very first game with it often.
Yeah, Wayne went on the booth.
He came into the booth and you better know what you're talking about.
He was talking about the...
You know, I've never had a problem with the guy.
And I haven't always...
They'd even about the guy.
And I've been critical about some things he's never said a word.
Yeah.
Yes, I can.
Yes.
Oh.
Yeah, he's our main man.
No, the guy with the thin skin is the Marlins.
Really?
Are you going to start with that again?
No, he's the one in the world.
He's serious.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, good luck.
David Samson.
You don't mean David.
You mean Jeffrey Luria.
Luria is fine.
We did it!
Oh, you mean David Samson is the one that's got the thin skin?
Yes.
Got a fat voice like that.
I don't think I can afford to have thin skin.
Maybe that's why he's got a voice like that because he's got thin skin.
I like Luria.
He's all right.
Really?
I want to say I'm learning something already this morning.
I thought you were probably the other way around.
No problem.
No, I've sat conversation.
So I'm going to look at what David Samson had went on the other station on Joel Feinberg
station and said Hank's a whatever he said.
Uh-huh.
We're doing a ask.
That was not Luria.
I see.
So it was David Samson, but you can't see it.
Hank was to say it was David Samson.
We've been...
No, it was.
I don't have a problem, Sam.
I get peeveiled again.
Well, you better not say it.
Oh, that's on my time now.
That's okay.
It's after 10.
I get peeveiled again.
Yeah.
That's as far as I go with it.
Yeah.
So the dolphins are going to be three and one after Sunday.
They're playing a girls' team and they're everybody in town.
And you don't have to count your chickens.
I hate to say this, but as mediocre as the league and I don't care what you say, I mean,
I see a lot more football than you do because I have the luxury of being home with the package
and see all the games.
I see all the games too.
How do you do that?
Last Sunday I was at the Fox offices in New York, I watched every game.
Really?
Yeah, but that usually doesn't happen.
Well, on Sundays if the dolphins aren't home or if I'm not covering a game, I'll go.
Even last week, two weeks ago when I was at the dolphin game, I watched all the late games afterwards.
But the fact of the matter is the league is so unbelievably weak and watered down.
A lot of bad teams.
They just might be okay.
They might be all right.
And of course the paper does not make an excuse, but when you lose both your coordinators
and when you lose Teddy Bursky and now Rodney Harrison for the season, they're defenseless.
They can't stop anybody.
I mean, those are the two stalwarts on defense.
And they really missed the last race.
Those are two hard guys to replace.
Well, this week they go into Atlanta and we'll see what happens there.
Well, if they can't beat Atlanta, then forget about it.
But you know something, what do they got to prove?
They won three super balls in four years and some of these children are sending me faxes now.
Oh, all the dolphins are two and one and your team is two and two and they really saw it.
Yeah, yeah, right.
Tell me about seven or eight weeks what the situation is.
You loseers, you bandwagon.
Seriously, I can't imagine.
I know it's human nature anywhere.
There are a certain number of people that always want to jump on a bandwagon, be part.
Because they have no life, you know.
Absolutely correct.
And I was talking about that earlier.
Yeah, about guys like these university Miami boosters.
Oh, yeah, eternal soul.
The world.
That's right.
That's what they are.
That's right.
Never could give up to you.
I've never seen anything as juvenile as I was saying that's a Georgia yesterday before the show.
The whole of you have had not just the sports programs, but a lot of the people who are involved there within the university.
The whole thing is just so juvenile.
And I know pretty well because I did those a hurricane baseball games for six years.
And man, what a bunch of overgrown children, people in the sandbox never gave it up.
And so much politics that goes on air.
It's just unbelievable.
There's more politics that you end in Washington.
It's amazing.
I know.
And we were going to do the game.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
And we were on IOD.
We were banished.
Hank and I were going to do a game.
I got about that.
Sunny was in New York or somewhere.
He was phoned in for Rick Weaver doing a dolphin game.
And so the idea was, since I broadcast you and baseball for six years, five on radio, one on TV,
that we were going to do a game together, which would have been a lot of fun.
It would have been fine.
And it was vetoed.
It was nixed by the blue nose hurricane administration.
They didn't want, I hadn't had nothing to do with you, but it was more than they didn't want an old proverb like that.
Near Rogers on the game.
I'd only done them for six years, you understand.
I remember when you did them, you were good.
I would know.
I was not good.
I was great.
Well, I mean, let's call a spade of spade, Mr. I did a damn good job there.
I mean, I was no Mike Rosenthal, but I did the best I could.
You did the games by yourself, too.
No, I did not.
Who did I'm talking about?
I've done many things by myself, but that wasn't one of them.
No, I had Bob Berger on it with me.
Oh, yeah, Bob Berger.
And then I had Mort.
What was his name?
Mortimer Steward.
Mort, I can't think of his last name.
Old, old guy.
He was a W's news for about a year.
Mort Lubo.
Oh, what a memory.
You know, it.
You remember Mort Lubo?
He used to do Princeton football.
He was old when he was born.
He was about 600 years old and he did the cover.
And in between those two, I had Dave LeMont.
The guy that killed Sonny Hirsch.
No, sir.
I used to like Dave.
He was a good guy.
I said he farted constantly during the games and just used to drive me nuts.
See, one thing about doing the Mark Light Stadium in Hurricane baseball.
No, sir.
Remember, we didn't do the games in the broadcast booth on radio.
We did them up on the top of the stairs being able to do it.
When you first started doing those games, you used to do them down below, right?
Back a home plate.
No.
I saw you doing games.
Never.
Never?
Dreaming.
You're hallucinating.
No, we had a spot.
You know, we're the, not that the main press box, but there was a press box on the side,
like on the first baseline.
And there was a stairwell.
I think there were, we had a boot set up on top of the stairwell.
It was perfect, right?
Next to the bleachers.
And there was always the aroma of the, one thing about that place, man.
They really had good food.
I mean, they sold dry and sausage and stuff.
They still do.
And the aroma of that would come wafting up by your sitting there.
And then every now and then, oh, it's these Lamont farted again.
But he was, he was okay.
He's a good guy.
And then all of a sudden, when we found out that he, you know, he and Pete Boulder stand sunny in the back and
basically, huh?
Sonny got the job back.
Yeah.
He put more of the airs on ESPN.
Everybody winds up on ESPN, you know, no thing.
Chris Moran was on ESPN.
Lamont is not on ESPN.
He's a sideline reporter for ABC.
Who is Lamont?
Oh, do Lamont Cranston?
Yep, he's.
And I said yesterday I had to, this is going to be a long crossover day because I want to talk about Bouldster.
And even though his buddies with that idiot Dan LaBaster, the Bouldster made the right choice, I had been arguing with Josh Cordis for a long time about that.
I thought that he, you know, if you're a signature voice of a team, a major league, a French or whatever sport it is, that you can really become big, you know.
But, uh, Moran's, especially geographically isolated from the rest of the universe in civilization, I don't think that's the case.
Hey, Bould's doing a playoff.
Yeah, he already had a thing.
He's getting a tremendous amount of cover done ESPN TV and radio.
And he's great.
That's his call.
And he's going to do other sports.
Yeah.
Nice going, Bouldster.
And lose the orange hair, by the way.
But, uh, he's going to be very good.
So he made the right move.
What did we do wrong?
Nothing.
On that note, yeah, we're okay.
We're okay.
For old, for the old daughtering Jews, we're doing a lot of work.
We're fine.
Did you have Bino on today right after a Mike Verrudino?
Yes.
I thought I heard you say that.
Yep.
We might keep it old here.
Let's get Jimmy to Greek back on one more time.
Let's get Jimmy back on there.
Yeah, Jimmy would be involved today.
Some racially insensitive comments.
Yeah.
It's going to be the next Bill Bennett.
No, nobody could be that.
Oh, brother.
It's just amazing to me that no matter what these people do on the far right, it just slides off their ass.
It's like a rush with the oxy, you know, and the hearing thing and all that stuff.
It's like it never happened in Bill.
How about you, the chain deal?
How about you, the chain deal?
With a pervert phone calls and the Bill Bennett with his gambling problem.
Oh, I'm not chaining going on Russia show.
Yeah, across the five of the choices.
That's a great point.
We're going to call into Sean Hannity too, because they had to pacify that.
It was sure all the right wing rat and Nazis that don't work.
We got control of this bitch here.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Now, we'll see.
You'll see, uh, you think, uh, Roe v. Wade's got a, uh, a tenement.
He had to do that for a hand to do that call between heart stints.
Yeah.
He'd know between niecedens, whatever.
He's all knees now.
He certainly isn't all heart.
God is punishing him, man, for his evil ways.
Make no mistake about that.
And now that Bush is back in a bottle, I think the Lord's punishing him too,
because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
That's what Franklin Graham said.
Did you see that?
You know, Billy Graham's kid.
Yeah.
Why did they put these people on the air?
What is wrong with these people?
That's exactly why they put them on.
Because they're outrageous.
They're ridiculous.
They say assing on things that gets everybody pissed off.
That's what they put people like Robert sit on and Franklin Graham.
Oh, Paul, well, who the hell cares what those people say?
They pay for it.
They're crazy.
They're crazy.
They're gonna bet boy in the bakers.
Jim and Tammy fail.
Well, she does have nice across here.
Yeah.
And don't forget to hand him a plot crotch.
Boy, we're in a wrong businessman.
Tax-free, baby.
Tax-free.
Could you imagine the last ten, fifteen years, if we didn't have to pay any taxes?
We wouldn't be sitting here right now.
I know I wouldn't.
No way.
Oh, I would.
Why is that?
I wouldn't.
Yeah, I have to be who I would.
You would be in Vegas right now, whatever you have.
Like a big Hugh Hefner like mentioned in Vegas and just plunging your guts out every day and
looting the life of O'Reilly.
That wouldn't be bad.
Yeah.
But we just have to keep sticking our nose to the grindstone and grinding it away.
Listen, it's that time.
It's time for my first break already.
Glad to help you through the first segment.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, let's go to noon is what I'm saying.
I'm gonna pick off early.
I'm gonna break it up.
I'll see you, man.
All right, you two.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
Oh, the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
That little number I wrote the plantation tire.
South University Drive plantation.
A Zanzairo repair.
Northeast 12.
North Miami.
The baseball season is in full swing and with Cece.
Here you go.
Thank you very much for finding me.
My thousand bucks are so I'm really out of luck.
As more than Heidi Flaz was charging me.
So you very much the FCC.
For proving that free speech just isn't free.
Absolutely.
Clear channels, a dear channel.
So how it's done must go.
A turni general astronaut doesn't like strong words and so.
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rush limo.
So food he wants so very much.
That's a fool.
You very much dear Mr. Bush.
Or your rowy curly sitting on your touch.
Or Halliburton and Ron all the companies who hail.
Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail.
She's an upper tier rich rich and a lazy isn't male.
So you will so very much.
So you think she need to.
Thank you and everything you do.
Your pace maker must be a fake.
You haven't got a mark.
As far as I'm concerned you're just a face you face so far.
And as for condolences she's a intellectual.
So food you also very much.
So you very much the EPA.
For giving all the Lasca's oil away.
It really is a bummer when I can't fill my home.
The ozone and the no-go zone now that animals here to say.
The nuclear intergame I'm going to take left in LA.
So you also very much.
Sure.
So what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males.
You also very much.
I'll take you sure they're going to be like their faxing calling in for this new poll today.
Which we've done before but it's so why not.
Well faulty towers.
Okay.
That's felt if a WLTY I do believe.
I never watched it.
I don't think it's more than like it was.
It's okay.
It was no money pie pie.
I've done places on my own.
Yeah.
Once you see money pie time.
Why do I see faulty time.
It was just fine.
It was fine.
There was one episode that was very funny because there were a lot of Nazi jokes going on.
Oh, I see.
Well, speaking of Nazi jokes.
And conduct their.
Oh, it's non-radical Muslim governments.
It's a 55-bit of the planet channel he wasn't on.
He is a Nazi joke.
1015 at 560.
Look at that.
1015 already.
It's almost time to go home.
I'll be.
I got that on here.
The whole near.
George, Dick Cheney told the press he's a little bit ticked off that you didn't visit him in the hospital.
Dick Cheney can.
Oh, is there a problem between you two?
I admitted that Dick Cheney can.
And ask.
So how do you really feel?
Best of all.
Dick Cheney's.
And a faithful Muslim.
Yeah.
Hey, speaking of the Bushmeister.
Aw, wait.
We got that thing back.
Nice going to Eric.
You're seeing it very big all the way down at the bottom of our website.
Unfortunately, you'll have to look for it.
Oh, we can move it.
No, I think that's fine.
That little human incentive to go from a top always right.
Yeah, that's fine.
Right above Pentagon's strike.
We'll see how to be looking at that.
Now, is that still working in Pentagon's strike?
Or is that also a click on it?
I don't want to.
I don't have time to click on it.
But we got the thing from the Brit tabloids.
They're the daily mirror.
I believe it is.
Yes.
And this is bigger.
I think than we had it before.
It's just beautiful.
Got a picture of your president on there with his hand raised.
How can 59 million 54,087 people be so dumb is what it asked.
And they happen to be absolutely correct.
And that needs to stay on there in perpetuity.
Okay.
Just see not only does he needs to be put in a way from the public where we can all be safe.
If you know like in a rubber room somewhere and all the people who voted for him also need to be put in their own rubber rooms.
We need a lot of rubber rooms.
The answer to you.
The answer about that video is here.
It works.
Good.
Excellent.
Pentagon's strike.
You have to take a look at that.
It will like you start thinking about.
Hey, yeah.
Is he playing?
Where's he playing?
Go maybe Erre fillet chases in there too.
We just have him up yet.
I don't normally go in for these conspiracy.
Wow.
Until I tell you.
It's something you have to take a peek at.
No, it's just right.
Where's that plane?
Where's the plane?
Speaking of the insanity of this group of fascist pigs that we have in here now.
A suicide car bomb and killed 10 more people and wounded eight others today near the Iraqi oil ministry and bagged.
It's in the bagged ad.
What are you saying?
The good news coming from around.
There isn't any.
A red key of many of us exploded on the eastern side of the Capitol.
A roadside bomb also killed the US soldier on patrol on a highway north western bagged ad.
The number of US troops killed in Iraq continues creeping up every single day.
Now it's 1947.
A year that will live in for me but a very ugly number.
In terms of dead soldiers died for nothing.
Absolutely nothing in Sindhishian is right.
If one more dies it's a crime.
Every time another one dies it's a crime and is blood on the hands of everybody who supports this crap.
Including the Spongebob Democrats who don't have the balls to stand up and say enough already.
Bring them all home.
Put that bunch of ragheads in charge over there to let them do their own thing.
It's like the Israelis and the Palestinians.
Let them kill each other.
And if the Sunnis and the Shias and the Kurds in the way, who cares?
Man.
They have to put people for the American way in charge over there.
The Kurds.
1761 votes on our poll yesterday.
Most people follow religion because they're pathetic because they don't have a brain to think for themselves.
Because somebody filled their head with a lot of crap when they were like a little kid.
And they never had the...
They never had the temerity that balls the question.
They're like, hey this sounds ridiculous to me.
This all sounds like a bunch of bubble miceies, okay?
That's what the Arabs say, right?
Most people follow religion because of brainwashing, 448 and man, you got your thumb right on it, okay?
The thumb right on that first page of Genesis.
In the beginning, God created that...
Right, my ass, your mama.
He made the stars also.
You read the first page of Genesis and after that you'd flush that thing down the toilet.
Say, what kind of a moron wrote this crap?
Fear of death, 437.
Oh.
Weakness need for a crutch 386, which is right in line there with a fear of death thing.
Over there's got to be a heaven in the hell.
And after we die, we're going to go to the perligates if we're really, really good.
And if we don't touch ourselves and we've go up there and we're going to like praise God forever.
Oh God is good, God is going to be doing anything else and there's no hall of hall up there, but nevertheless it'll be great.
Now I understand you can have all the bananas puts you on up there even with hogging does and the Ben and Jerry's and never getting an ounce.
That's right.
That's a good poll.
My idea of heaven is, hey, you're honest like that.
For the weekend, sure.
All right, I'm going to work on that for tomorrow.
My idea.
See, I shouldn't have said that on here because then they'll be calling.
I don't really know what they do.
I don't care.
Most people are sheep on 41.
It was a late addition and it went zooming into the top four nicely.
Most people are sheep.
God forbid you should think for yourself and ask questions.
Would my mother and father really lie to me?
There were some people that told me about Sandy Claus and the tooth fairy.
You used to put a diol under the pillow.
Yeah, it used to be a dime.
He was in today if you put a diol under a kid's pillow.
Let's throw it back at you.
Stupidity 96.
Most people fall originally because they're stupid 96.
Like a common sense 68.
Because they want to belong to a club, a social club, 65.
And many of these organizations, that's why the Jews go to show on high holidays.
Not because they're religious.
Not because they want to hear all that Hebrew mumbo jumbo from the good book.
But because of the fact it's a social club and they must put it in appearance.
You know, it's the good show.
Oh, it showed up on the show on Russia show on the New York River and we have big deal.
Yield 60.
Jewish Yield, Catholic Yield, all the guilt all the time.
And they really believe in fairy tales 60.
Out of almost 18 years old.
It's very, very sad.
You don't need it.
You shouldn't want it.
Oh, but it gives me such tremendous comfort.
Yeah.
Week, week sister baby.
Week sister.
There's nothing worse than being a week sister, sledge.
Zellertree that led to the Goulogs.
He is so illiterate that it's a scary, you know what?
It's just for the any time he pronounces a tries to stay a word with more than one syllable.
He says it in such a pathantic way.
Like, hey, look at me.
I'm actually pronouncing a word with more than two letters in it.
Like FU.
Okay, here's today's poll.
The funniest TV show of all time.
I know we did this before a long ago and too bad, okay?
And this isn't one that I went back in the archives for somebody sitting in a bunch of really marginal poll ideas.
Which we always thank everybody for them even if they suck.
And you know, the rest of them were so bad I put this on here.
And it's okay.
What's the funniest TV show of all time?
All in the family 75 is the ready doubt.
Signed failed.
Oh, I forgot about that one.
58.
I'm going to kill myself right now.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Right.
Although we got that assistant suicide thing and the bush sure crowds is, oh, there is something wrong with that.
Choose life.
Choose life.
And don't forget about Terry and her.
Shooob.
Signed failed 58.
Money, price, time, flying circus 49.
South Park 36.
The Simpson's 36.
The Homer Simpson I heard is.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
Famous.
pushed it down, he can mean it at B.
That's one of the panversaria all in the family, Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Home Carros Bound in school, where you can learn
auto mechanics, get repair, all that stuff.
You're so cool.
I guess Stanley's brothers, when she was on a show, she kept hearing R.T.sake, eat it,
eat it, and she kept doing it.
Yeah, that's good.
26 million here at 560 W.A.C.
We got more Howard David than today at 2 o'clock, honey like that, huh?
Here's the go-to tree in the kind of car horns we got.
Jim managed it for the man.
No, you don't.
No, we don't want.
Guilty will be in today for the mad dog.
And since its silent, Curtis is in for the mad dog tomorrow.
What's that all about?
I don't know.
Oh, don't tell me he's going to start screwing off now.
We can't afford to be mad dogless.
We're dogless for the next two days.
Oh, we're dogless for two days, that's bad.
And I just got through playing that great clip with Rick Weaver on it with the mad dog.
So you want to think about those two, man?
We've really got to appreciate Mandage tremendously.
He wasn't kind of a pompous, well, he was a pompous answer, but not enough so that he would
like ever have the audacity to try to put mad dog in this place.
He doesn't want to be mad dog, which is what you should do.
Okay, and who's tomorrow Curtis from 4 to 7?
Look what I just wrote.
CURIST, Curist.
We have Curist tomorrow.
Wow, I'm a little dyslexic today.
So let's say I'm sure we can get about 100 more comedy shows on his full and get about
50 Zillion votes.
What do we got so far here?
It's just barely after 10.30.
We already got 456s and Q56s.
What was that?
Did you hear that?
No.
I've had a cute, strange sound on his microphone there, like I found the least spot.
Maybe Joe Zagaki did that.
WNC, hello.
Not a right spot.
I'll slow it by two.
WNC, hello.
Hello, WNC.
One for the poll.
Yes, sir.
Uh, the Benny Hill show.
Benny Hill, okay, sure beats that Benny Han, I'll tell you that.
Benny Hill, thanks, Pally.
Benny Hill, although we ain't no Jack Benny.
We got, well, put Jack Benny on there.
No, it's too old.
It's ancient.
We never be like put a life of Riley on there.
Or Ozzy in a Harriet, which wasn't funny at all.
It was like, eh, eh, like that.
All the rick was on there.
5667, Rick Weaver, 5667, 0560, 0560.
I feel like taking a lot of calls today, man.
I'm just full of a vinegar because I'm going on vacation after tomorrow.
And George will be on all next weekend if you don't like it too bad.
That's our new attitude, okay?
This business of wild drugs that are really, yeah, we hope you like it.
Okay, it's not too bad.
Go away.
It's the second turn of that crap.
Like you're going to be like, yeah, yeah.
You know, it's free entertainment.
The price is right.
And in an otherwise terminal boring day when you're sitting waiting back for that damn,
what's this new one called now, this new storm?
Oh, I forget.
I lost track.
Uh, Tammy.
No, Tammy, where is the way up there?
I beg your pardon?
There's another one heading at us that Tammy's telling me.
Well, they're all over the place, but Tammy's what I'm thinking about.
And it looks like going to be a lot of rain.
Starting later on today and through maybe into tomorrow.
And who knows when more crafts.
So just sit back and it's free entertainment.
Crank the way you up real out or right out there in your vehicle.
Open up the windows, roll them down.
Have the balls to crank it up real out and say, hey, you see what I'm listening to?
How do you like that?
And people look at you and they'll go, you're very, very cute.
How many QA and hello?
I got one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
The honeymoon.
The honeymoon is Jackie Gleason, Audrey Meadows and Art Turning.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
The honeymoon is.
Well, yeah, not to be confused with the Jackie Gleason show, which was Jackie Gleason,
but a separate show, right?
Right.
I think that's absolutely right.
He's still dead by the way.
Dominic QA and hello.
Yes, now.
Yes, sir.
Get smart.
Is that a show or a command?
That's a show, my friend.
OK, so I don't need to tell you to get smart.
He just died, man.
He just died.
What a shame.
Yep.
Where did I know?
Some people don't know Don Adams from Don Nights.
Another one is Jonathan Wintoshel.
Jonathan Winters was a panic.
He was very funny for about 10 minutes.
OK, that's fine.
Put where your head.
Oh, Jonathan Winters was very funny, especially when I used to have a tape.
Jonathan Winters doing a really dirty old joke about some old farmer.
And I know it was about some old lady on a farm somewhere.
And the traveling salesman, I can't do it on the air because you're a sort of a sprick,
huh?
But it was Jonathan Winters.
And of course, that was really funny because it was a very dirty joke, but nevertheless.
And he was good.
Yes.
I'll tell you who I did not.
I liked him for about two minutes and then he became a parody of himself.
Rich little.
Oh, oh, oh.
I never liked him.
Never got it.
I saw him again.
It would be so much.
You know, because he did the same like six impersonations over and they all sounded like the
same person.
Yeah, they all sounded like Rich little.
They all sounded like Rich little doing something like a fusion of Richard and his own
character.
I want to hear it's Rich little doing anybody.
Dominic Q.A.
And hello.
And you know, what's up?
How are you?
How you doing, sir?
Great.
Pretty good.
Neil, hey, I got one for the poll.
How are you doing?
It's a new show called Little Britain.
What is it?
Little pregnant?
Yeah, Little Britain.
Hey, and can you shameless your class, Neil?
Yeah.
Can you put me that Brad DeBlood of the Monty singing the song for me?
Okay.
Thank you.
See ya.
Good bye, fellow bills.
Oh, the bills are going to really get bombed on Sunday.
I just thought I'd put it to a massive dolphin victory.
They were, you know, I'm not like jumping on a bad wagon.
I still can't stand the organization or the team or anything about them.
And Gus Ferrar, of course, is a joke.
But nevertheless, the league is watered down.
That may be the key.
Now, the pantheon is on the other hand.
Not that we want to do a more hockey talk that Hank tried to lead me down that path.
But I told you, I'm serious.
They got a nice roster, man.
They got a good organization.
Not well.
They're between Jacques Martin, Jack Martin the Frog and Keenan, if they're upstairs, way
upstairs.
They're doing a good job.
They're going to put a nice set of team on A ice and LaWongo is the best in league for
my money and nice going.
Too bad a Leafs through that game last night in OT on the shootout, but how's it going?
They got to the point.
What's the point?
482 votes on the pool.
The funniest to TV show of all time.
And we can put every show on her.
We can even put shows like Dragnet.
That was kind of funny.
Yeah.
I don't go put it on there, Josh.
Don't worry.
You ever did Dragnet?
Do you, you don't know Jack, Jack Webb from the Wicked Webb?
No, you're right about that.
Charlie's Webb, I don't know.
Well, how about the movie Dragnet?
Even if he was in an episode.
Was Henry Morgan in that or was he on the show?
First it was Ben.
Who was that big fat guy Ben that was with Jack Webb on Dragnet?
I don't know.
And then there was Henry Morgan.
Ben Alexander.
All right.
And then Henry Morgan, which I couldn't, Henry Morgan was another one.
He was like a stereotype of himself.
He always played that same kind of like Sark Cassie.
And it would be just the way he looked.
But he just always seemed to play Henry Morgan.
You know what I mean?
There's some people who are always with yesterday's brutality.
Same thing.
And I like him.
He always has that same deer in the headlights, dazed, a little bit stupid.
He's like a stupor.
They don't come no more stupor than your president.
He is just pathetic.
Tragic.
No wonder the rest of the world despises.
Yesterday I happened to be around town.
And I see under a overpass you know kids right graffiti and stuff.
And there was in big letters F Bush only didn't say if it had the
word on there.
Absolutely.
And I thought to myself.
Yeah.
They know the rest of the world is under him.
Man, how come America is so slow?
How come half America like that thing says how can 59 million Americans be so dumb?
The dumb man retarded.
This is what this is what you call a leader.
This is a man who lies and sacrifices human life and says choose life and is a
fetus hunger.
What did I always tell you about those people?
They're crazy people.
The fetus they're obsessed with.
But once you're out of the room, baby, you're on your own.
And if we have a chance,
we'll sacrifice your life so that we can make some brownie points.
Oh, you say brownie.
And this Harry admirers man,
don't let anybody fool you when the stuff is starting to see out real big time.
Now it's seeping out.
And there's nothing worse than seeping brother.
In fact, people know that seeping is very bad.
Very uncomfortable.
And so the next stuff comes out.
I don't think she's going to confirm.
I think she's going to go here.
They're going to find out this.
She's a real real Nazi.
And even the similar moderate Republicans all for them.
They're going to say, we don't think so.
This is not what we hit in mind.
18 to 11 at 560 WQAM on a great Thursday.
The Panthers are one and it's well more than you want, huh?
5,000 MTC stats.
That is pathetic.
I understand there was a way for a long time.
And they've been really, they've given you a lot of crap.
But Jesus, you think I'd open it?
It's just the euphoria.
Air Canada Center last time.
And they had a tailgate party for a hockey game here.
The last and for four hours before the game.
How do you like that?
If there's a butt, I smell it.
I don't give a crap quick that very much to say.
If he wasn't the first pincher, I said, what?
I know what I'm talking about.
I'm reporting at the time though.
I can't see elevated down.
And on my way to the car when I pulled my golden bus, I do have a 300-page.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are back in town.
Why you look?
I'm a God of all you spoiled old books.
I know everything that's going on in tattoos.
But I even know all the new Maja rules.
I'm hip to the judge.
Daddy, hold me.
You guys are going to talk to Daddy.
You said it's you when I take you place.
I know I ain't no way of playing.
But when they drop my boys, look yay.
You little smoothies.
Look at the game.
Look at the game.
Look at the game.
Look at the game.
See if anybody shocked at my dog is not under the name of moral.
Let me just give you the idea.
You know, playing in bitch all we want about this place.
But the fact of the matter is there is one good thing that is there's so they're oblivious.
So we show up whenever we feel like it.
That's pretty much the kind of see Joyce Mott of us to sign those ridiculous contracts that nobody did or would.
But we have our own deal that we just kind of like made up as we went along.
I'm the one that was the originator and everybody said that's a good idea.
Just show up when you feel like it.
You want to take a couple of days off. Go ahead.
It's like that handgun thing.
Somebody pisses you off.
Always cap away, especially in Florida.
I'm going to call in lazy.
Now wait till Josh hears this story and thanks whoever facts that and gave me the heads up on this because I had no idea.
This is shocking.
Uh-oh. What it is?
You know what story this is about network?
No, I don't.
Well, you better hang on.
You better strap yourself into that cheer, Mr. Looking forward to it.
No, you're not.
CBS and George Clooney are planning a live remake of network.
I'm as loud as hell.
I'm as loud as hell.
I look like a big fish at any moment.
Oh!
Petting Chasky's critically acclaimed skating satire of the television industry in which a network's news division encourages an anchor and aging anchor to rape madly on the air for the sake of beer ratings.
Howard Veal.
I'm as loud as hell as my life's 30 fingers anymore.
Oh!
It says I know, but in 1976 this is in the Washington Post.
In 1976 it was considered shocking and outrageous.
Executives at CBS were taken by surprise when Clean Ecloney leaked word of the project.
It was a great way to make it happen that the company had been actively developed for the next fall to the A&P while promoting a slick good night and good luck.
I got to see that.
It's supposed to be very, very good.
I want to see it too.
Ironically, that's what it's like to details.
How in the 50s CBS Newsman Edward Armero defied corporate and advertised a pressured, exposed a scaremong where he had centered Joseph McCarthy and the House of Un-American Activities Committee's Communist Switch on.
Hey, Joe McCarthy!
You're fairing!
Contacted yesterday, CBS forced until the TV calmed that the network redo was in the worst, but they're sure on details at the Surrey stage.
When he heard that Clean E leak, he said...
I am as loud as hell as my life's 30 fingers anymore!
It's not the first time Clean E's in a live TV movie for CBS.
Five years ago, he executed Produced and Co-starred in a live remake for CBS for the 64-code War Flick Fale Save, in which the squadron of US bombers has mistakenly sent to Nuke Moscow.
Nearly 16 million viewers watched CBS live, Black and White Productions, in which both the heavyweight cast had included Richard Drifus as Potus, Brian Denny, Sam Elliott, James Cromwell, Harvey Kytel, and Don Chiddle.
I wonder if he's akin to...
...Bodil.
The Fifth Beal.
I think they're close.
Plenty and CBS CEO Leslie Moonves go way back in mid-90s when Clooney was considered something of a show killer.
People in the TV industry are notoriously superstitioned, and in fact it works on a lot of series that fail.
He or she can find himself or herself branded a show killer like Paula Marshall.
Moonves went ahead and cast and repaid lead role in a little series they developed called ER.
These days, whenever anyone writes about Chavsky's flick, which won several Oscars, including Best Screenplay, the word, Prussianth, is always attached.
Prussianth.
Remember the Prussians they were responsible for WWI?
Yeah.
Long time news anchor Howard Beal...
...Pimus Madness Hell, but I just don't think this anymore.
...We're being played by Peter Frinches, twirling at the lowest rate of the evening newscast.
He's given two weeks notice and that night on the evening news tells viewers he'll commit suicide on the air on his final broadcast.
He's effectively canned, but the network has persuaded let him apologize on the air next night and go out with dignity.
Instead, he rants again in the ratings go through the roof.
He says, bullshit on the air.
The network encouraged by an ambitious young executive, paid down a way, gives him his own nightly segment and builds him as the mad prophet of the airwaves.
What's wrong with being a mad prophet, ranting about the hypocrisies of our times?
Angry prophet.
I beg your pardon?
Well, would you like to be an angry prophet, ranting about the air?
What's wrong with it?
It was probably that.
Ratings are su...
...toend us in first, but then they begin the lag.
The network decides to have members of a terrorist organization assassinated on the air.
Cloney told the AP that when he screened a film for a group of young people, none of them recognized that it was...
Oh, here we go.
This is the best.
Here we go, boys and girls.
This is the problem, Josh Cordis.
Cloney told people, the AMP, that when he screened a film for a group of young people, none of them recognized it was a dark set there.
I couldn't understand it that I realized that everything Chasky wrote about happened.
And so suddenly, the idea that the anchor is more important than the news story, and that you'll be doing sort of reality based shows all happened, Cloney said.
And when you have a great speech, that great speech with Ned Beatty is chairman of a corporation trying to take over the network sitting there going.
There is no USA, there is no Soviet Union, there is only Xerox and IBM.
You realize all of those things were true or came true?
There are no Russians, there are no...
That was a good story I had to do that day where I had that whole...
I thought I did a mediocre, fair job of reading that thing.
Not like Ned Beatty.
Early in the film, when Bill was told he's skewed to old, he in news division had Max Schumacher played by William Holden,
get Frank Chud at a bar, and Bill jokes he'll kill himself on the news the next night.
Schumacher, you get a hell of a rating, I guarantee you a 50-year easy.
We could make a series out of it, suicide of the week, or hell violent ourselves, execution of the week.
Bill, terrorist of the week.
Schumacher, I love it.
Suicides, assassinations, mad bombers, mafia hitmen, automobile smash-ups, the death hour, a great Sunday night show for the whole family.
Well what if it does need right off the air?
Seriously, anybody who doesn't like that movie has needs to work on their life.
That's all I can tell you, Josh.
You need to work on your life a little bit.
Thanks.
I'm just telling you right now that's all I mean, you know, we're at any way that's exciting news, that's gonna bring that back.
I'm a mother hell of a 20-year-old city.
I will say this, it's one of those things they will never duplicate, you know.
It's like it'll be, and I try to redo the Godfather.
So did I hear you say that failsafe was broadcast live originally?
Yes, really?
That's what it's all there.
Incredible. I wonder if it's out on DVD.
Well there's probably one pretty good way to find out.
Well there's a real quick way to find out and let us go on your Amazon.com right now.
Right now, and do a little googling it.
When it now check that out.
526 votes, it's not even love at a clock yet.
What's going on here boys and girls?
This is gonna really frost that Joel Feinberg's asked.
When he finds out we got more than 10-15 people listening to this highly paid show.
Too bad Joel, and by the way we would do anything to hurt you.
We would like right over your foot, we'd like stick an old piece of gum onto your armpit.
That's right, maybe even do that. Shoot you in the leg.
Anything, because you would do anything to hurt you and your crew.
It said Joe Rose, we like a lot.
Anybody else over there would like to know?
Zach, and Zach Crent.
Oh Zach Crent!
Oh, that's a door, door, door.
Oh yeah.
Now this line nine, if this is the same from yesterday, you know.
Oh, there they go.
They just disappeared.
Oh, that's a bad name.
WQA and hello.
What are you doing?
This is champagne, Illinois reporting.
Yeah.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I have a poll, not a poll, but the University of Illinois is in champagne.
Yes sir, home of the University of Illinois.
Mom, so sorry man, you got zooked.
Hey, it's cold already bro.
Is it really?
Oh god, it's about 35, that's cold already.
Well better you than me.
It's sunshine in Toronto, maybe it's like 70 or seven, it's nice.
May I make a suggestion for the police?
Please go right in.
Cpno Sharkey.
Thanks, I'm nuts.
Okay, what do you say?
He said thanks, I'm nuts.
No, before that.
Oh, I don't know.
No.
567, I was saying go, oh, I look at that.
Look at this QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
What for the poll Saturday night live?
Saturday night live, well how could we do that at last?
I put it on there.
I put it on there.
Especially when Tom Brady hosted it.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Got shot all weekend and love that.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
You're living color.
Saturday night.
You're living color, I was on for about five minutes.
Yes, the way's worth.
Okay.
All right.
Jim K.
I'm a U-Farton.
Jim Kary also.
Very good stuff.
Yeah, it was on for about five minutes, it was a funny show.
Yeah, about five minutes.
That's good, it was too good.
It seemed like it was a shorter night.
531 votes, what do we got here now?
The funniest TV show of all time.
All in the family, 86.
Signed, felt 74.
You must be crazy.
Oh my God, not that there's anything wrong with that.
Being crazy?
Yeah, he gives me spiel keys, man.
I just can't stand him.
Huh huh.
Mighty Python Flying Circus 60.
That's pretty good for a show that was on PBS, you know what?
Mm-hmm.
South Park 47, the Simpsons 46.
Family Guy's God.
About 30, man.
Shepel Show 29, Marin Wood Children 26.
The tonight's over Johnny Carson here is Johnny 24.
Oh, and where the hell did I have that story about him in drugs?
I think that was in one of the inquiries I've never done in the year.
Huh?
You mean besides the story that you read previously about it?
Yeah.
Wow.
Jackie Gleason Show 16, cheers 16, Jefferson 16.
We're moving on up though.
Carol Brunette Show 10, family Faulty Powers 9, Gong Show 6.
That CIA assassin Chuck Barris.
Show a show with 66, everybody loves Raymond 6.
Steve Allen Show 5, laughing four, the monsters four, David Letterman 4,
Super Sale Show 3, I dream a Genie 3.
The Honeymooner is a pair, one for St. Ant Live, Sanford & Son.
I love Lucy.
Lucy.
Jonathan Winter Show, SCTV.
Vinnie Hill Show, which you're sneaking some on that I haven't even mentioned,
which is good, SCTV was great.
Especially the very comal thing in bed.
Get smart in living color, Adam's family, the Vernon Shirley.
Happy days and be, which have all got so far, the big.
Oh.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.16.2.8.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your playing.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, any questions.
Finally, and by the time they lay,
I will say love will feel this after a while.
And he has his eye, guy name raised he'd now exist.
NISTHISIùkan pursueItier
the solution to revenge.
He was the leader of the GOP.
Naysyş不知道 how bad his testamentation to the 그녀.
I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy, I'm a little bit shy
from off Belepとう Pubgrafus isn't bound-ings in there, they're all mountain I don't believe in improv-like decisions, traded in bed's pie and so on.
It's 1102 at 560 WQAM.
500, how many votes in that first hour that is shocking to me, 578.
578, that's great.
In the sunshine state, aren't you amazed?
Shot.
We're making some serious progress here is what we're doing.
All the time, his patient wanders off, found our later shot and raped it.
This is one of the sickest stories I've ever read in my life.
See, this is my new thinking, especially with the new Florida Law.
As long as the governor and legislator decided it's okay to go and kill people, people
like this, if we find the, which we probably will never find this person, but if we ever
did, just, just blow them away and drag their body off and throw an endict somewhere or
in a dumpster.
Oh, he'll get in the nose here.
Like, he wants to pound a time in America, you know, those garbage trucks that grind
all this stuff up, just toss it in there, just grind it up.
An 85 year old Alzheimer's patient who wanted to wait for her homeless found less than an
hour later, raped and shot on Hammondville Road in Pompa, the beach.
Rape and shot.
I don't know that we've ever seen a worst case, BS.
Oh, spokesman Jim Leadall said, we've had cases of elderly women raped before in cases
of the murder, but this is about as bad as it gets.
The woman's daughter helped her get dressed about five o'clock Monday morning at the home
they share.
The daughter went to another room for a few minutes and when she came back, she found
that her mother, who suffers from adult dementia, had gone outside.
When she couldn't find her mother, she called 9.11 about 5.30 in the morning, about 6
o'clock, a deputy patrolling outside the North Broward Detention Center, found the woman
lying on the sidewalk on the 3,000 block of Hammondville Road.
She was fully clothed, but at a gunshot wound to her pelvic area in a broken leg, a hospital
exam found that she'd been sexually assaulted.
Oh, my God.
The woman is recovering in the hospital after surgery.
Do you want to go home Leadall said she doesn't remember the attack at least to this
point, so we don't know exactly when it occurred or where.
Anybody with information should call the BS0954-786-4200 or crime stoppers at 9.10.
5.4-493-TIPS.
That is just as sick as it gets.
There's just too much slime walking around in the world.
I'm starting to agree with these gunnuts.
I just kill them.
This is wrong away.
That's all.
There's more of us than there are then.
That's right.
Let's go and get them.
I'm not so sure about that part.
We'll see when the dust settles.
That's right.
When the gun's full still is raining, baby.
You slime balls, you maniacs, you lunatics.
Of course, we have to make way in those prisons for those hardened drug dealers.
How's that Anthony kid doing?
That 23-year-old kid that was the head of the scale.
He had that little pot scale.
Well, it's the head no more.
Is he still then?
But the good thing is that he still get weed in South Florida.
0560.
He was a drug dealer.
Let's kill all of them.
Let's put him away.
Let's take up all the jail cells.
Let's stop the rapists and the murderers and the arse of this.
Let's put him off their industries and let's put the little ladies in tennis shoes out there
that had a pinjo in their ass tray.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the punks, of course, any punk which means in Florida anybody under the age of 90.
WDQ, I am.
Hey, how are you doing, Pali?
How are you doing, Pali?
Clear my throat for you.
Hey, Neil, what is the importance of getting over a thousand votes on the poll?
Absolutely none.
I'll make more money that way.
Yeah, we make a lot more money that way.
Do you believe me?
No.
By the way, who do you want to remake a piece of crap like that?
Yeah, right.
And you have one that tells me where you're coming from.
I know not one other thing.
I don't have time for morons, OK?
You know what?
Will and Grace, we just had that spot on there.
Yes, we'll have to put that on because somebody will vote for it.
Once you're out, we'll not put on that pool.
And that is that 70 show because anybody who would vote for that 70 show obviously is
not the deserve to be on the face of the planet.
Is there any argument about the...
No, no, no.
It has some potential like in the first season.
Yeah, you know, it used to be OK.
OK, let's put it on there.
That's 70 show.
No, go ahead.
No way.
It's very big since he got married to a demimore now and actually people who...
And that little bag of the Julio that's on there.
Very, very big.
That's 70 show.
I got news for a man.
If my life had a consistent watching that show a lot, I would just...
On a thing, unassisted suicide.
WNQAM, hello.
potential like in the first year.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Joe, go on a foot of poll.
OK.
Soap.
Soap.
That's right.
OK, thanks.
Soap.
Remember soap?
Yes, I did.
I prefer body wash myself.
Is there anybody left who's using soap, by the way?
That would be sad if there was bigot.
You know, now you go into your drugstore or supermarket, wherever you buy your toiletries.
And there's like 85,000 different brands of body wash.
There's a lot of eaters and there's like all these real macho kind and there's even
old spice which nobody would have brain would use that.
But there's a lever and...
You leave it.
Dile and I know you leave it.
It should have done a long time ago.
And coast and most and post, post these, it's just incredible.
And you know what I can't find?
My only complaint that I had was, you know, the bottle gets all slippery when you want
to apply more and everything.
No, the bottle...
See, first of all, you don't need to...
I bought a dispenser and so now it's just...
No.
As much as I want.
You don't know how to do it, man.
You just...
Yeah, it's really sad that I have to need to see people how to take a shower.
I'm not going to get one of those scruffies.
No, why not?
Scrumgee.
No, you're wasted like 90% of the soap there.
Listen, I don't care.
Listen to me.
No.
You get this scrungie and you put a...
You smear...
You learn how to take it on there.
And that's it.
And then you close the thing up again.
You snap the thing close.
You put it wherever you're...
I gave it a try.
And then...
Well, if you have enough on your scrungie, that takes you your whole body.
Sorry.
Even putting your...
I'm telling you, that's the way to do it.
You know, I got a credit log.
You have such a hard ass man.
It's just man-killed in a new catalog.
Oh, okay.
Like I'm going that way either.
Whatever.
WNQAAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, Neil, let me ask you a question.
You think you can dig up the creek there and play the old brain cocks on there?
No.
WNQAAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you play Buffalo Bill with Pristilotion and the basket?
No.
WNQAAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, couple for the poll.
The OIG show on HPEO.
Yeah.
And Kirby enthusiasm.
Kirby enthusiasm, is that an order or a show?
I know.
Thanks for your time.
Thank you.
That's it.
Don't ever give an order like that again.
Whatever you do.
All right.
567-0560, pound 560 on the horizon.
I was supposed to play that Phil Henry thing.
Go on, let me forget.
Don't forget.
Because the Buffalo Bill suck.
And Buffalo, why I don't want to go through it again.
What's the point?
Buffalo is just a horrible, awful place.
Anybody that would ever take it at Buffalo is a fine city and a great place to live.
And they're full of it, man.
They're crazy people.
They also need to be locked up.
See all the same people are locked up and the crazy people are walking around loose on the outside.
WNQAAM, hello.
Yes, I get a photo.
Yes, sir.
The Groucho Martial.
Groucho Marks, you bet your life, man.
Right?
I mean, he was always with me.
And it wasn't called the Groucho Martial.
It was called you bet your life.
Right.
Okay.
You bet your life Groucho Marks him for the however you want.
Actually, it wasn't a comedy show.
It was a quiz show, but it was the idea was there's a funnier show.
It was a fun groucho to be with your spin.
I forget George Petteman is dead, but I found it was some reason that I hated him like Poisoner.
He's either a right-winger.
I don't know.
That was before the days we even talked about too many right-wingers.
Maybe he did something with Joe McCarthy or with what's his name?
Rick Kohn or his brother, Maricone.
Ten minutes after 11 to 560 WQM, 619 votes.
Now, what's the significance again that thousand mark?
I say we're going to get like 27 conzillion votes on the pool today.
And then they will fear us.
How do you like that?
Then they will fear you.
My mind is just cluttered with all these lines.
These famous lines from great movies.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Like.
Get the chop.
Jack Lemmon, you know something?
Stop thinking about all the great lines and the people who delivered them.
And I'm not that we would do a poll on that because it's just a little too convoluted.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Right.
Now, Jack Lemmon had that one and then he had the one that you always confused.
Which is what?
Pls stop it!
Or is that one?
Yes.
That was Jack Lemmon.
11 after 11 at 560 WQM, our friends at Dollar Matrius have an absolutely unbelievable offer for you.
Because right now when you call 1-800-Matrius, you can get yourself a free tank of gas.
Take the full amount of any gas receipt off your next mattress.
Up to 10% off your purchase, so in other words, if you spend 50 bucks at the pump,
take 50 bucks off any purchase of $500 or more.
And you can save more gas by skipping those phony sales this Columbus Day weekend.
If department stores are under so-called mattress stores, double the price and then take half off,
which is exactly what they do over here, what kind of a sale is that?
Call 1-800-Matrius and choose the complete line of Celi and Serta and Sivins and King Coral,
with heavy-paid externs and foster.
When you call 1-800-Matrius, you still choose the date and time for delivery.
Any two out of Windows 7 days a week from A to A until 10 PM, even on Columbus Day,
even on Sivins, even on Tisha Bob, even on Sint-Hustura.
How do you like that?
Don't waste time and money driving all around town shopping for a mattress, especially with a price of gas nowadays.
Do this smart thing.
I've been using these people for a very long time and most of the folks at QM are on the Dalai-Makris bandwagon out too and might fully.
So when you should be too, call 1-800-Matrius or log onto their website,
macrius.com and keep in mind that a portion of every purchase goes to Hurricane Katrina Relief,
call Dalai-Makris toll-free 1-800-MATTR-ES, leave off the last ends because it stands for Stupendous Savings.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-A-M.
Where the bag is, you can't.
The
Well, Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks they're great.
And they're really hot.
The Buffalo Bill, so do not put a watch.
See what I mean.
So just sing a lot.
When you sing my amy, when you say Buffalo Super Bowl,
and you're deaf, Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Bills,
the greatest team in the history of human race,
and a Buffalo Bills, the greatest team.
St. Slice, Thread and Can't Be Here.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff.
You listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet God, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so rednecky doing it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fands? Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best team.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times,
which is what I can say for this scum-soccon vision,
and they're at the greatest.
Because I really like their uniforms.
They sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet.
Because they're the Buffalo Bills, the best football team,
what I ever see in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo Bills, the Buffalo Bills,
the homogen Kelly, the greatest.
What if I can believe?
Yeah, everybody, the Buffalo Bills, dead of Buffalo Bills,
and they've been around, longer than the stinking rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills, Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pen of Buffalo or a fish?
Wow, what all happened there?
I was a little bit. I guess.
I was kind of a stranger.
Let's play it again, see if it does that again.
11, 17, and 5, 60, and 2.
I see that 70 show got a vote.
Let me just say this to you.
Seriously, I say it from the bottom of my part.
If the funniest TV show of all time is that 70 show,
I would take my TV set right now, no matter how big or small it is.
And I would stick it into a dumpster.
At first, I'd take a ball-peen hammer and I'd smash the picture tube
to make sure that nobody could ever want it again.
And I'd put into a dumpster and I wouldn't replace it.
Very good.
shove it up your rectum and plug it in.
Raptum? Yeah.
That's not a bad idea.
That'd be pretty funny.
Maybe Ashton Quicker.
I mean, that's his vote.
You can tell me that that show once upon a time was very, very funny.
And I'm trying to envision that, even though it makes no point.
Well, I take your word for it that Howard Stern was funny once upon a time.
Yeah, he was. And so it was Don Imance.
I take your word for it.
Yeah, I certainly don't.
I'm a person. I heard it.
Let's get ready to mumble. Come on.
Let's do it.
Both the FBI and the CIA are calling it the first case of espionage.
And White House in modern history.
Well, there is more crap going on inside that thing.
Officials tell ABC News. The alleged spy worked undetected at the White House for almost three years.
Leandro are our, our arrogant CEO, 46.
I wonder if he was named after the arrogant ballroom.
I'm sure he was.
Leandro, arrogant CEO, 46 was US Marine most recently assigned to the staff of Vice President Dick Cheney.
Uh-oh.
I don't know if a case where the vetting broke down before I resulted in the spy being in the White House had Richard Clark.
We know Richard Clark was not ABC News consultant, former White House advisor, and honest guy who they are smeared and smeared.
Federal investigators say arrogant CEO and actualized citizens from the Philippines used his top secret clearance to steal classified intelligence documents from White House computers.
In 2000, Ergon CEO worked on the staff of then Vice President Al Gore.
When interviewed by a Philippine television, he remarked how valued Philippine employees were at the White House.
I think what they like most is our integrity and loyalty, Ergon CEO said.
Officials say the classified material which he stole from the Vice President's office, that's Dick Cheney by the way, is that Al Gore?
See, that doesn't say which one.
No, it doesn't.
Well, I guess Al Gore, including damaging dossiers on the president of the Philippines, he then passed those on about position politicians planning a coup in the Philippines in those Filipinos.
I can't imagine there are any people, any Filipinos left on those islands.
You know, if they're all here, or they're blowing up, well, or part of that.
Even though it's not for the Russians or some other government, the fact that it occurred at the White House as a matter of great concern said John Martin, not the Harnest driver, but he was the government's leadies espionage prosecutor for 26 years.
Last year after leading the Marines, Ergon CEO was cut by the FBI while he worked for the Bureau at Intelligent Center at Fort Mom with New Jersey.
According to a criminal complaint, Ergon CEO was arrested last month and accused of downloading more than 100 classified documents from FBI computers.
Oh my God.
Information was transferred mostly by email.
US Attorney Christopher J. Christie said at the time of his arrest, no relation to Luke Christie or what's your name? Christy Kruger.
Since that arrest official say Ergon CEO has started to cooperate, he's admitted to spying while working on the staff of Vice President Dick Caini.
How do you like that, which inspires me to play?
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
I like that.
And people say,
been dating since April and became engaged in June.
Right.
Tom and Katie are very excited.
The entire family is very excited.
Leanne DeVette cruises sportsman told people.
I wonder what she does for the Scientologists.
It would be homeless first child.
Cruises to children.
Conor 10 is available 12 from his marriage to Nicole Kibman.
They were adopted.
Am I correct about that?
Yes, you are.
So this will be his first child assuming.
No, that this actually is there is as much
chance that this will be his child is those
their kids are Michael Jackson children.
They're considering the turkey boys.
You know, the thing was I was talking about on IFC this morning
with have that round table with these various
things and Charles Nelson Rodley was doing a whole
short sitting in Tom Delvier's lap.
Yes, isn't it ironic that the one of the other people
on that panel there was Bert Reynolds.
Oh, you didn't mention that.
In fact, I think in the movie deliverance when they did
the casting they find they had Ned Beatty be the one up
in the woods who got raped in it because they said
Bert might enjoy it.
I mean, Bert, are you really are you fooling anybody?
Bert, you know, is he is there anybody?
Come on, Bert.
Although we did like Bert and Jack's especially Mr.
Freebie used to like it because he used to get freebies
there all the time.
What a that's another piece of fall off from 9 to 11.
Another casualty was Bert and Jack's.
They had the great peppercorn Charles that you put up
on your costume.
It's like a plot.
Right.
No further details available to that added that
home is 26 has never felt better.
Well, we never felt this.
So how can you tell?
Crews 43 is now shooting mission impossible three.
Oh, brother, you lose time.
It crews the ain't full and nobody.
You go on Murray.
I'm a good friend.
Murray does all those paternity test shows.
Oh, does he really want to see what's in the envelope?
Murray Pupik is still on the air.
My God.
Happy 98th birthday, by the way.
More in How is Connie?
She's doing still not pregnant.
668 votes.
What's the funniest TV show all time all in the family?
101.
Signed failed 95.
I might have to get some of these themes out of crane.
Just just that one.
Well, when you know that I got the one that goes.
Da da da da da da da.
I got to hear somewhere.
Oh, no.
Well, I have to find that disc.
You know, you know the one where the hell you know, you know, in fact, I'm going to look for it now.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't have it.
I got it.
Well, I'll be there.
Can't find it.
I'm going to hear it, I got it.
I got it.
All right.
By the way, somebody won the 166,000 dollar jackpot at the $1,000 wheel of fortune.
Sloss it would buy last night.
Yeah.
It wasn't me.
Oh, three machines away mine.
It was a good machine.
Now, what am I looking for?
I'm looking for all more.
All in the family.
Da da da da da da da da.
Well, the reason that this is better than you just playing the regular one is because it's got something in the beginning,
which again, my Alzheimer's for rents me from Rember to what it was.
Right.
What a little commentary by people.
Oh, this is a two disc thing.
I better be on the first disc because I do believe that's the one I just stuck in there.
I stuck it.
Low and Ranger, howdy duty.
That was a really funny show.
Your hit parade, the Honey Motors, Ernie Kovak show.
How about the Ernie Kovak show?
Let's put that on it.
I won't be able to remember it.
Maybe book a bridle vote for it.
Just the rule time's sake.
I cannot believe that I can't find all in the family on here.
Maybe it's not on this thing.
Oh, I'm positive it's on here.
How about if I just read over there and you want to know why I can't fight it?
Because it's on the second disc and the very last cut.
Don't you hate that?
I do.
No, it's serious.
That's why when you're looking through a stack of crap and you're trying to find something in the very last thing,
it's always a little last place you look.
There should be like a hundred pieces of paper and you're like
leaping through frantically trying to find something and the very stick and last one there it is.
That's just even the Pope being too happy about that.
You know the Nazi Pope with the BDI?
Yeah.
That one.
Cardinal Knott's finger.
Yeah, the one I went to Cologne to pick up all those young altru boys for the future.
He is the devil.
Hello, I'm Carol O'Connor.
To close the album, our own song.
We dedicated to you then and to you now.
Now we're young fresh.
We listen to me rich ain't.
Boy, the way Glenn will have played.
So let me play for you.
I played with you.
We had it made.
Those were the days.
It didn't go well Christmas.
Everybody was in play.
We all know what's now right.
Those were the days.
I did you what you wanted.
Those were girls in red one room.
Mr. We could use the bad light right there for our dad.
People say the name can't tell.
If we'd always played the rent,
French Sparrow in a same pretend.
I was like a...
The way the friends lived, me.
I was the badger to win.
I did that my dad did that.
That's what you wanted.
That's it.
And we sure didn't start to walk on.
Tastes with realy snow, that's all.
I don't know just what went wrong.
The world is dead.
The world is dead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Y'all!
When we're back at Rome,
Maine says she's getting engaged to home.
Last of them on.
When my statement says I do just like she and Heidi Klum
It won't last a month.
When Robert Downey Jr. says I'll stop being a boozer at home.
Last of them on.
When Courtney Love is bad and ends up in rehab,
It won't last a month.
Chippa-larri, Maine's home,
What's your people?
Yeah.
The men, men, still that's wrong.
This is so that's wrong.
Contrast me with the favor.
Face off, wrenches on.
Go.
11.32.28 till noon at 5.60.
That all in the family thing.
I don't think you'll hear that.
Anyplace else in the history of the human race?
Nope.
On the face of the globe.
Ed Naha's got a really good come.
I'm not going to read it.
Bush to America.
I know better too long.
Much too long.
But I just think you may have to judge it.
It'll definitely be on the website today tomorrow.
A week from Sookas.
Whenever we get around it,
when we feel like it, how do you like that?
Now this fact you just sent me this is the epitome.
This is this is the epitome of what's wrong with South Florida.
Even though they're on the West Coast.
Well, where are they?
Oh, in Fort Myers.
Like I said, that's South Florida.
South West Florida.
Yeah, it still counts.
That's the old coast.
Mm-hmm.
I'm not going to John.
I'll just not going to use his last name or the name of his business.
But never let John need obviously help.
See, people like you, John, first of all, you're in Fort Myers.
So we don't care about you.
Yeah, why would we care about anybody in Fort Myers?
You can't get a diary.
You're not going to do anything for us.
You're not going to like give us your oral support and listen
with your sour voice.
Just go away.
It reminds me of the guy that called the other day.
Remember we did the movie a poll last week about what would you?
What do you least enjoy?
And you're talking about on the show.
Right.
Obviously hockey won by a mile in horse racing.
But anyways, to the guy suggests movies, which one of them getting like
four or five votes, but movies.
Yeah.
Do you know?
No, there's like movies.
I mean, no, obviously never heard of movies like Josh has got no tastes.
It's like not like music.
Who doesn't like that?
Like he's food.
Yeah.
I don't care about food.
Like you can't end a food channel saying all quit talking about food so much.
God.
Oh, and speaking of the food channel, I wonder what the guy I'm right now.
Cook with me.
And a little bit of water.
Are going to meet the butter.
A shovel in your meatballs.
Hello, butter.
Exactly.
It helps me talk to it.
A little bit of rosemary and our.
Paul and Nick.
Oh, she's chopping up rosemary and she's throwing her ass in there.
Anyway, John says consider adding the polls to your polls the following.
None of the above.
I don't give a shmit about this pool.
And then he says, hey, sometimes it happens.
You might be surprised.
There was every election had a nothing above line.
Why would we put none of the above on a pool about how many shows?
Do you see what I'm saying?
Yeah, because he's a cellar post.
That's why I fasted it almost threw it away.
But I thought John, we get a lot like that.
Man, you are in a perfect spot for it, Myers.
I hope you and the beesleaves and for Myers and April's have a wonderful life together.
It's a match made in purgatory.
Perfect spot for you.
Now this story, they should go to show you if there's anybody who thinks I'm exaggerating.
When we keep losing more and more of our rights.
You see, once you start losing the first ones, it doesn't stop there.
Right, double the effect.
It's a fast-dominal effect in New Orleans.
Okay, it just doesn't stop.
And the public just hits back very just like that pool in the estate, just like sheep.
And well, what can we do on a ring in our hands?
Or most of them don't even give a crap.
If you watch in that 70s show or everybody loves Raymond.
Seriously, I just know words to describe how bad this stuff is.
But anyway, Oregon woman kicked off flight in Reno over an offensive shirt.
A Portland woman's flight home was stocked short in Reno all because the message on the t-shirt she was wearing.
Lori Heasley, I wonder if she's came to the beesleaves.
I'll sure hope not for her say she's got enough problems.
Lori Heasley claims it's a freedom of speech privilege, but airline officials say the message brings safety concerns.
And you know what we care about in America, don't you?
Safety safety safety safety.
I pay.
Heasley says there are bigger problems in the country.
I can't believe people can be so petty.
Tom Heasley boarded her flight Tuesday morning in LA.
Heated for Portland, Oregon with a stopover in Reno.
But when Southwest Airlines employees answered the cover of her shirt, her stopover became a stopoff her flight.
I was told basically that I had to cover my shirt.
I was told if I cover the shirt, I can basically stay on the plane.
So she covered the shirt, but during a nap while passengers were boarding in Reno, the cover came off.
And Southwest employees insisted change the shirt or change flights.
I didn't feel that I should have to change my shirt because we live in the United States and in Sweden with speech.
It was based on the movie The Fokkers and I didn't think it should have offended anyone.
But it did.
There were a whole bunch of people out there.
I'd say about 30% of the American public who lived just to be offended.
They're just waiting to be offended.
Looking around for stuff.
The shirt had pictures of members of the Bush administration and a phrase based on the movie Meet The Fokkers.
But with one crucial vowel change, oh, that couldn't have been the, oh, I love that.
I wish I had one of those shirts.
Meet the Fokkers with the, let's see where you can order it.
It was enough to cause complaints from other passengers and it's a problem the airline has had to deal with before.
That harb in Southwest Airlines said we do get it occasionally.
What someone is wearing, what someone is reading.
Oh, oh, listen to this.
I never fly to airline because I don't like taking 16 different flights to get from like Miami to Orlando.
But I guarantee I would never subsidize them with a dime.
This attitude is so obnoxious when what someone is wearing, what someone is reading,
and what someone might be saying and very much a judgment call.
But one other customer has become concerned.
We do have to become involved and see what we can do to make everyone as comfortable as we can.
What people might be saying or reading or wearing or thinking.
How about if you're on a plane with a Hussage Shaco like the great Ahmed Khan?
Yeah, or a turban?
Well, and while Southwest may have kept a peace on its afternoon,
hop to Portland, a woman not afraid to use her freedom of speech will not be using her freedom of choice.
I most likely will not be flying Southwest Airlines again after this.
She said Southwest Airlines told he's least you can take a different flight home if she changed her shirt.
She refused it after the rented car and drive home from Reno to Poland.
You go, honey, you go.
Good.
Golly Miss Maude.
That's pathetic.
I just got your read net and I still I can't believe it.
Well, remember they hate it for a freedom.
Meet the fuckers with a you instead of an old instead of a yeah.
And pictures of Bush and the Nazi regime.
At least they didn't have like a swastik on it that we know of and probably should have had that on the back.
Jesus, Kate Christ man.
So like I'm trying to tell you nothing any of you care obviously because you know you're oblivious Newton John.
What we care about is going to that thousand votes by two.
That's that's all we care about getting paid and getting to a thousand votes and making sure the audio vault keeps percolating away.
Give them spots on right.
Right so far that we don't have any.
By the way Joel Feinberg I think is like doing a dollar a hour over there because he'd do anything to hurt us.
717 votes on that pool.
By the way you people on the year over there on the ticket.
Don't you be ripping Joel now you can rip each other and ask you can call each other any name it's ever been invented and make up some new ones.
You'll be bastard.
But don't you be ripping management over there because he and playing that game like we do here on QAM.
Two games he's not playing that game and the ratings game because you don't have any.
717 votes.
The funniest TV show of all time all in a family one or six time fell one or four five that you really believe that.
It was huge in its day.
Oh you know that I'm a good point.
I know it.
Well I mean not everybody that's what about that.
I'm like you are about man.
Let's put it on there now was huge.
That was skyrocketing up there another shot couldn't record.
Gregor.
Yeah started out okay and then got all preachy and you know all the.
I didn't have a big for baskets.
Oh was there ever a family one or six time fell one or five.
The body part that's flying service service service service service.
The Simpson 57 South Park 55.
Chappelle show 39 family guy 36 married with children's 31 tonight show with Johnny Carson.
Here's Johnny 25.
Cheers 21 faulty powers 19 the Jackie Gleason show 17 Jefferson 17.
Should be more than that Jefferson's great.
Yes.
I get a little queasy just thinking about it.
We see terrible net show 12.
Serious live SNL 9 10 for the sons 7 the honeymoon or 7 Benny Hill show 7.
Many Hannah don't have any yet many him don't have any.
The golf show with that the CIA assassin truck in Vera 7 Steve Allen show 7.
And living color 6 laughing 6 with Arty Johnson and Rowan and Martin and a whole
bunch of people.
What was your name the one that I can't stand.
One of the crazy laugh on laughing.
Yeah.
Phil is Diller now a big black here.
What was your name?
I will come to me look at do it.
I know who you're talking about and I can't think of her.
Come on Brian you know who we're talking about.
She's not funny.
Wasn't the fan.
Was it who it wasn't fan.
He something was it.
No, you think of a fan.
He flag and I think it.
And it's a huge amount of games show so funny.
I got a guy but I don't know.
Show a show said the senior six everybody love Raymond six.
I love loosely five that was grand steam song the monsters five David little
men five SC TV three should be much higher than that.
Super sale show three I dream of you need three or any co back show appear.
Curbian enthusiasm to soap to don't drop it 70 show to get smart to arrested
development one.
Dolly the Dolly G show what is that?
Dolly T.
It's an HBO show.
Oh and it's the do now I guess this is it all well in grace one.
Mary Harmon Mary Harmon one from PBS remember that yes it sucked it did.
John from under show one and not yet for match Benson are you being served.
You've got your life.
Groucha marks the end family the Vernon's quarry thank God.
Shmendrix the muzzle some meal happy days done and be which is got the big
old were pretty pissed off about this.
Is a new Roger.
This is five sixty two eight.
Hey.
Hey.
It's a two to the pants and you're a power boy.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Remember yesterday we couldn't get the original name Josh for the Yanthas center was the
national car right on the right.
I actually knew that I just didn't chime in with it.
I see.
And what do you mean you didn't chime in with you said you couldn't remember it.
Well I actually remembered later but no later.
Well when you're sitting on the throne that's not the time and yes remember Joanne
Worley.
Joanne Worley from life in.
Yeah.
She used to be on a lot of a game show.
Very annoying.
See the only problem we can do a poll on your favorite I think maybe long long long time
real about eighty years ago we did a poll on your favorite game show panellist.
Oh panellist.
Yeah.
Not your favorite game show we've done that.
But that would require real ancient parts like me and Bokobryne and Hank and yeah.
Because there are games shows anymore really other than prices right there unless you watch the game show
channel and you Adam your Adam and you don't watch the game here.
I watch reruns of match game.
Oh match game is great.
I try not to miss it right.
In fact you can see as it evolved you can see Richard Dawson's ego becoming out of control.
Yes.
And if anybody chose him the winner at the end of the show that's a fan here.
If anybody chose somebody other than Richard you can see the exasperated disappointed wounded puppy
look on Richard's face.
Oh no.
It didn't prick me well I don't understand.
And by the way have another beer Richard okay have another pop.
Okay somebody says the funniest TV show of all time and you must be gesting entering at
16th season America's funny is to home videos.
Fat.
But put that on there immediately okay now that's not the one with Bob Fag a saga is it?
I don't know there's so many.
Might be.
And then I'm not going to read this stuff about mode just a bunch of gratuitous stuff here ripping my good buddy mode.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
But it does say did you hear Geldie on a video play by play no actually I didn't even think to come in here and
pop it up.
He sounded good very good as a matter of fact almost to be the stand as market.
I thought he was going to be good down and I said that continuously constantly.
Yes.
Yes you did.
Yes I have all along because I knew he was going to do an excellent job and certainly a huge improvement over both Chris Moron and that old funny
dirty.
Jugs McDonald.
Hey Jugs you know he may be a decent guy or whatever I don't know.
But you were in fact we got the NHL channel here in the show all these old games we got a whole bunch of channels that show hockey games because these people are
sick with it and even even old islander games when they show on there with Jugs McDonald and other games I watch he he was the same you know Jugs you
know you're legend in your own mind funny dirty.
But nevertheless Geldie is going to be a superstar I think he and the booster are going to be the sound for the sports stars of the future.
What do you say Josh?
Yes that's about right.
It sounds very enthusiastic about that.
Well I'd have to hear Geldie.
Oh man now can we have any spy reports of this one because I'm not taking any calls probably I'm busy rambling on.
Why I like rambling on Greg and Sebring says I'm a 52 year fanatic of Malcolm in the middle so we get America's funny stone videos and Malcolm in the middle
he says I knew a lot of kids when growing up had parents just like Hal and Lois I see.
I wonder if anybody had kids had parents like Archie and even.
But let's see here it is it says I want to add one of the poll from Eric in Jupiter but we're getting polls.
Facts is from all over the place man from Jupiter Uranus the daily show with John Stewart how can we've left that off.
We got the Chappelle show on Eric and we talked about it earlier.
Well how can we left it off.
It's on the center.
It's going to go zooming towards the top and might even pass that jackass Jerry Seinfeld that's who who's in first place that would once
16 and all in the family one away.
I think we're getting freaked on that I'm not buying that I know it was huge and very popular in the audio.
But I don't care I mean the idea that could be all in the family that must be a mash see that already got a vote it's moving up fast it got one.
It's zoom it up there man.
Oh wait a year this this is a heartwarming story of course we're pretty pissed off it didn't happen to us not the hurricane part but.
Jack will ensure man hadn't had much luck since Hurricane Katrina center fleeing from her in the world in zone.
But that changed on Tuesday when the money came flooding in instead of the water.
The 57 year old return librarian won 1.6 million dollars playing the slot machine and evangelized down in opalusus Louisiana.
How do you like that Josh 1.6 million playing the old slots.
I'll be playing sometime yeah you'll be get around to it eventually will be an opalusus before midnight when asked how she'd spend the money.
Sherman reply first of all I like to find somewhere to live because my house was destroyed by Katrina.
Sherman have been staying under sisters three bedroom home in opalusus with about 26 other people since Katrina flooded 80% of New Orleans and left their homeless with.
I'm going to kill myself right now going to jump off my balcony I'm going to take the mic with you could you with $20 in hand.
Sherman was on route with her sister to do some shopping went on a whim she decided to try her luck at the slots.
I was on the road to came art decided to stop at the casino which is around the corner from her sisters home.
Seven.
Oh careful close the window.
17 quarters $4.25 later she was a millionaire.
When you first see it happen you just go dunce said Sherman still appearing somewhere days by her good fortune.
You just don't realize what what oh no you just don't realize what done happened until the first next to you hits you and says what you done it.
Oh no I'm sorry what you done did it I'm done I'm done I did it done do it oh boy $4.25 17 quarters and she wins 1.6.
So you see Barbara Bush had an excellent point these people are really a lot better off than they used to be.
This is working out very well they're moving on up with the Jefferson's how do you like that now that shouldn't inspire Josh take like five bucks and of course with that big new raise you can probably like maybe 10 bucks.
Well we got to see that happen is of course if we ever get real slots in South Florida which we're still waiting on pins and needles for that.
Understand the people at the top of the parking they own two of the galaxy casinos that went the caboone that went for sure.
Yeah so they got some serious some issues over there so they're putting their lives back together again but I still say look at all the money that's being lost every single day in Florida for education and all the jobs that people could be working right now because of the fact that the
finance governor and legislature continued dragging their feet here it's the sixth of October the deadline was the first to do
live for Christ's sake August September October it's like three months ago and then five days three months and five days ago was the deadline and are they doing it no are we reading anymore about it no are they having that special session no I
school.
Come to Q a.m. Hello not there that line one man's got real issues come to Q a.m. Hello Neil yes sir yes I I actually have funny quick story for you I work on a charter
boat and it's really strange this for a half we used to go and pick up Denise hot then at his house and it was the
funniest thing because we had we had a christian war who was a spastic at the mouth with his vocabulary and Kelly was sweeping on the couch and Denise was just
absolutely diarrhea all over the place and and wait a second the best part of it all is that we had the river throwing up over the
side begging to go home it was the funniest thing you'd ever see what are you talking about oh it was unbelievable it was the most
amazing thing we had all all them on the boat at the same time we still pick up these people at their houses.
Okay next time we have a dream like that call us back because it was a model we have to tell you that we do Q a.m. Hello Q a.m. Hello.
I'm a new I don't pretty good three point points but you put the friends on that whole friends needs to be on there not that I like it or anything like that.
It was a funny show you know yeah but Jerry time fell you're right he's not funny but George and cream are they made that show what it is it wasn't Jerry
time fell you know I'm pretty good for a friend and listen you know today's your boy birthday right who's that your favorite lobbyist you know 80 years old today
and I'm going to show you when you point those you know God looks you look for all right somebody called us to answer with well
unhappy birthday to you Chuck I know okay thank you man this that's for the better writer have a great day pali will see you God
I'm a little bit too hyper for me maybe he was also in that group with the Denise potpan and remember blah blah blah blah like that when they were
blowing chunks they were blowing chunk I don't do have any idea what you just look at this it's 11.56 you know where your children are
right now yes 21 votes away from 879 and that is really fine fine is GI wine that is amazing 779 we're going to be over 800 by the
top of the hour George quarters right that down on your sleeve if we get over a thousand we get that bonus and we
get that you mongous bonus in fact dust that he's got something special for Josh tomorrow morning if we can give it
this is the me you Roger this is 5.6.2.8.
I am proud you need an hour.
I like rubbing my snowy grill us with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
okay I'm gonna use the hour for the makers of laws supernatural
and surface comes another show about aliens and weird creatures that live underground or in your
attic water like TV presents the poop your pants show you'll see a monster or an alien
or a guy business by a demon whatever it is it will be on the poop your pants show don't miss the series
premier when two brothers stranded on a mysterious island run for the hatch and discover an underwater creature
while being chased by aliens and the lucky charm flipper come
I'm sure you're right to be a
I don't know
I'm so sorry not be suitable for children under 15 are adults with irritable balls and
the food your pants show may be disturbing graphic and completely implausible good your TV and your
bathroom for the poop your pants show
I'm sure it's pretty much brought to you with a commercial interruption by depends
on the diapers and kale pectay the poop your pants show on spike TV
it's 12 million exactly we got 800 votes mark that down in fact I think that now we can go home
let's do it wasn't that the info we had this morning right if you guys get 800 votes by noon
that we number one wouldn't even believe it I'm actually dual fine bird can't believe it is probably like having like some kind of a
gesture to attack right now just thinking about it funny a TV show we got a two horse race
money Python flying circus got up for a really good start but they've like kind of sagged a third right now
because let's face it how many people actually saw that show
about third man was on PBS right which in addition I there as much as I love them
their brand of humor is way over the head of a lot of your average smock out there he had
think as as opposed to that we put friends on their please we did please as opposed to sign
failed you don't have to be like an intellectual do what's that you're all right not that there's
anything wrong with that is that make it not funny no that isn't what made it not funny
the script in the cast made it not funny hundred and twenty four for sign fell all in the family one
ten that's like comparing a stake from Ruth Chris steakhouse with some of the stuff that's floating in water
in New Orleans from warm ice it okay that's my perspective not that anybody cares because everybody
knows I got really bad taste but anyway I always the what was I going to play that I don't
hear this so give a tip off there well I don't know what it is I just like to song I didn't like this
show either because I like it I love the song I'm taking one thing we sure had a lot of fun when he died
you know I mean that sounds sick I mean it huh we did well yeah we did I mean we were doing
a lot of talk about it we played that theme over and over and that was huh sure it fun
to Ed McMahon be an old driver away from the died all that crap he's involved with Dick Clark by
the way see you show me a person's friends and I'll tell you a lot about that person so when Ed
McMahon hangs around with Dick Clark what is that to everybody's on the day oh
okay the Bush administration's former chief procurement official was indicted yesterday by a federal
grand jury I'm charges making false statements that obstructing investigations into high-powered
Republican lobbyist Jack Abramov you're gonna see this is gonna make water he looks like a
Sunday picnic you'll see all right the five felony counseling the indictment charge David H.
Saphavian with obstructing Senate executive branch investigations and whether he
was a public organization's capital both probes looked at when August 2002 golf outing that
Saphavian took this Scotland with Abramov former Christian coalition executive Ralph Reid
representative Bob maybe Republican of Ohio and others Sullivan of former lobbyist
associate of Abramov is the first person beyond Abramov himself the face charge charges
arising out of the probed lobbyist who's a major Republican fund raiser with close ties to
G.O.P leaders in Congress oh my it's just beginning to unravel like I told you the whole
deck of cards just like that was fallen dominoes you know we've all seen things where like in
different parts of the world like have those dominoes you know all lined up and like any
trillion of them to try to break the Guinness World of Records and then they like they get
a little blink on the first one like Plinco you know a little Plin and all of a sudden it's
like that domino effect and all of a sudden like any thing in dominoes go like Tumbling
down that's kind of fun to watch that you know yeah now what what happens when like about
the 10,000th one like falls cock out or something it didn't work that guy that set it up has
committed suicide in Japan out with again just to do the honorable thing wai in hello
Neil how are you sir okay gotta say I love you listen to you as I look at the lady
you know how how long have you been growing screenless for a while now right but 20 years
authority man yeah yeah so my point is it's amazing how these colors call up stupid man yeah listen
um two things for the ball yeah and the one that you don't have to show to the Richard
Van Dyke show dick van Dyke oh no I don't want to say to be where you know because you know
okay and the other one is the color is also you would have agreed that that was a funny
girl I'm as ridiculous 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in the singer to
wireless line that was pretty good why not I'm still on a panic so only one response I have you
sir yeah wna q a m hello Neil how are you doing pretty good pali
good good good I'm just a little bit of a little bit of a topic so I'm gonna move you in
Harry Matt Alley go ahead my explanation ever since reading these people have been using the
abortion issue and the moral issues to get these Bible something possible every time and every
time they have a chance to make the promise through they don't it says so this cash cow keeps
coming back to them every election you know and these more don't notice it I just don't understand
yeah you know I agree with you on everything about the graph I was just great but if I would
tell you that I think I like I think Michael the rebel is down calling on and acting who
will you think I'm crazy hmm well I heard me my response to that that's my
image I think it's really good but there's only one Marlon Branderman resting
I think it's a good job I always got to look forward to to watching you know the second part
where and that number three is I'm watchable that Connie oh my god she starts one more thing I
think maybe this should be scared of you yeah maybe listen now I look above you but listen now
you know that was the line in the movie is this the kind of maybe they should fear you don't
don't you remember when they kept reprising all those old lines and now they will fear you and
he looks at her when I real corny looking just maybe they'll ever hear you I heard you say all
give a movie number three I guess and when that woman said if I give the order I don't cost my
seat and just took it off yeah well the bad gift was so bad and too many bad actors and bad
acting jobs because I still say that the story in there the whole story of the crookedness of
the Vatican and the Pope and the Bishop they're killing the murder of the Pope and very important
stuff and a hanging of Roberto Calvian's etc but nobody cares about that nobody cares listen
appears that Sophia should have been shot in the beginning instead in the end please after
a conference over Monday Wednesday Friday please please yeah okay see you you're not my time I don't
want to me tell you something my crunk Nick friend he was great too
look at the guy social deficient you know who I am I'm more green I made my bones when you
were going out with cheerleaders and maybe the most famous line ever from movie I actually
be wrong about that we've done the polls on favor lines yeah I'm gonna make them an
opposite right right that's it huh that's it that's the line D line yeah for all time you're
taking a very first now that's another one that gets quoted very very much okay it's business and
you're taking it personal only business and then of course another great line from the Godfather
get the chop oh why can't we play that whole line Joyce do it bitch yeah you do it you're
on next week you do it once all right nice no twice yeah right and that needs a bleep yeah I think
I think it needs a couple of bleep bigger bleep I was there a bleep in it sure during the break I'm
listening here it's to say I'm not chance in that one no way it's not a good bleep it needs a big like
or maybe just a like that so let's hear some feedback on Kelly's debut last night as a voice
over your Florida Panthers right that's what I want to talk hockey you understand because that's
the kiss of death man that would be the end of the road for this kid but would you think that
somebody have something to say w-i-m hello q-i-m yeah no w-i-m hello now there I'm
I'm a man now no w-i-m hello q-i-m yes yes I have a suggestion for a poll okay it would be what
suck or suck and my contribution would be wind chimes hmm that's pretty pretty deep
oh I'm gonna hear that slimmiel slomosal I just that just sends me right to the bowl
see I just to this day I don't get that I mean I realized that people at all these Jews in New York
they're right a lot of this crap they are what they are you know here let me go play it yeah a
bunch of idiots in some studio some network of studio rooms somewhere decided to put a stupid show
on with a stupid theme song yeah and and they made it happen but that's not that's not my point
the point about the slimmiel and slomosal and it's just not for goyam okay hurt some ridiculous
words and threw them in there right but then again Penny Marshall isn't for going either she in
fact she's not for anybody she's just from hunger that that could have been I know we did the
thing about the worst TV show of all time if that isn't in the top 10 I can't imagine what
else I can besides besides of course the thing they just made the movie about Ducca has it all right
John Snyder sure was pretty and he had some real interesting here he he wasn't just what do you
call it blonde what do they call that like we're born silk I don't know no no it's almost white
corn silk what where the hell did that come from that's that stuff you know when you're
shucking corn yeah oh shucks yeah I know that the damn match of pain in the ass too it is
but yeah yeah and of course depending on what you're gonna do with the corncom 822 votes we are
just please just punch man even though some of these may be fake on a sign fell thing do you believe
that or do you think it's a free a free job I think a little above huh I think a little above
because we got a big battle there's sign fell 120 all the family 113 and a Carol
economy just come back in there can you so press off about this and a meal Roger this is 516 QA
thank you can you feel that they're like so what would people be most surprised to know about
you do you think you know what I have to say I'm so totally by it's right yeah and I am
personally by yeah so I'm we're not gonna see him pretend like we don't know each other because
we hooked up yes straight making out I love that in the same bed that is real friends yeah yeah tell
the people which said to me I looked over it or and I said you know what I have to say I'm feeling
a feeling I have I don't know if I've ever actually felt before and I don't want to be anywhere
other than where I am right now here's my video diary of just one night with Jennifer oh my
yeah how does that feel pretty fantastic yes
and it was just fantastic because you really did come yeah did you lose yourself sure I mean come on
like it says I am says I am we'll do it back
during this favorite TV thing oh I'm boys and girls good god we're not doing TV things they just
got carried away with the Johnny Carson and the old and the family of course I'm gonna throw
up my chicken fingers wait till you hear this article man not that I want to take time from
these fantastic calls D.P. Sorenson now who's that don't know he writes for the Salt Lake weekly
Salt Lake City might be awarded boozer bush deputy gets by with little help from jack and gym
it doesn't explain everything but it explains a lot George Bush our president is sending the bottle
again the drinking rumors have been making the rounds for months and even before that people
speculated that Bush's accidents choking on a pretzel dropping his dog crashing his bicycle
of more alcohol related for someone who makes such a point of flooding his physical prowess his
habitual clumsiness is somewhat suspicious after all Bushy his wife's Laura's pet name for him
just as it's his pet name for her which is a bit creepy first game prominence as a high kicking
back flippin siss boom bar male cheerleader at Yale of course we're all familiar with Bush's
epic battle with the bottle he boozes his way through college he's persistently liquid up through
his 20s failing to show up for National Guard duty but never missing boozed ranch weekend barbecues
with his Texas buddies in his 30s but dirty man he's so continuously sliced that he screws up
every sure thing business venture is that he sets up for him at 40 so the story goes his wife
gives him they made for the movie sound bite ultimatum Bushy its me or Jim beam and the
chasing former cheerleader renounces booze forever in a medium shot we see Bushy mournfully pouring
out the last of a fifth of bourbon onto the patio pavement while Laura witnesses the act with a
whitefully look of affection relief and secret triumph Bush's renunciation of booze is being
such mythic status that many people republican true believers conveniently overlooked the fact that
his renunciation of adult beverages was hardly a redemptive turn of fortune all that happened was
that Bushy of notchis drunk became Bushy of notchis tea toler proclaiming that his life was now
in the hands of Jesus Christ not Jim beam but the recent revelations about Bush logging down southern
comfort as a raccoes down the tubes as a raccoes down the tubes and whirlens goes down the drain
calls into question whether he actually gave up booze and gave his life to Jesus in the first place
huh that Bush continued to hit the sauce after taking the pledge explains a good deal of his
weird behavior one minute scared schmitless the next after a sequence swig of early times and
played it with Texas swagger one minute Bush goes limp with fright when desperate aids inform him
that the planes of crashed in the world trade center the next minute stiff with bravado he
boasts of his resolve to get osama dead alive one minute when he hears her cane Katrina howling
he cringes like a security cat behind his mama after a few pops of old granddad he's full of
phony bluster telling his speckless femur chief ground you're doing a heck of a job other creepy
traits of our commander in chief makes sense when he seen in life is unacknowledged alcoholism
there is his adolescent habit for instance a conferring nicknames and all who come within his
kin we all know drunks who deepen the thrower of inebriated bon homie in the bestow
terms of affection on friend and four like bonami bon homie bon jovi one can almost feel Bushy's
sticky breath of his human embrace as he christens his confederates immortalizing them with his own
special brand of corny wit turd blossom for Carl rove lime a green bean for karen hues number one
for barber bush who's not out relieving junior did not name her number two
he's number two in our book balloon foot for colon pal Ali for barber boxer big O for
limpious snow may remain out wonder if the sheikiness of little g's presumption regarding the
magnitude of her orgasms and last but not least putty poot Vladimir putt new in times past might
have launched the doom of the machine upon receiving a monitor with connotations of the female genitalia
bushes prolongs our us sounds to do also explains his verbal miscus his syntactical insurgencies
his grammatical catastrophes it's as if the bourbon marinade left deadly uh and is already
diminutive brain making it impossible for the most elementary thoughts and navigated sway
through the diseminent labrath of his frontal lobes then there are quirky smurfs the bug-eyed glares
and goofy grimaces his words and facial expressions so out of sync that you reminded of a badly dub
Japanese monster movie finally what about all these lip gyrations when bush is under stress the
tiny mouth working this way is and that is if we're engaged in attempting to remove the camp
from a bottle it must be the sauce all right i wonder if it's that same sauce that they use on
the big mac that smells like barber bush the secret sauce the secret sauce with a special
or the secret sauce in the white house 860 votes we're going to go like way over 900 by one
o'clock and people from coast to coast people all over north america are going to be talking about
it did you hear that smell that money yeah man they're going to come in after the show they're
just going to throw bags full of money of both you guys bags yeah bags of something
well maybe the water notes you might be one what do i want to make you a m hello hello nil yes sir
how you doing pretty good yes hey i'm a type 2 diabetic um 43 yes my feet are starting to get
been nice knowing hey nil yeah i have a suggestion for your fall also wk rp in Cincinnati okay that
was a bad show oh that was awesome yeah okay okay it was big it was funny okay put the ice cream down
paling yeah i see you hi bye so we're wondering what show was funny since all these shows suck
all in the family right now i'm talking about like you know in this decade maybe uh that's why i don't
watch in you i say but they suck huh but they suck i've seen them okay maybe a few minutes of
my question is is there any simson south park okay but you don't watch them i'm
simponsuring air okay great shows this era this real funny shows well you tell me some simson south
park daily show family guy yeah family guy haven't seen it's very funny i'll send you the e-d
of the movie so in other words you're trying what you're trying to tell me is that there are a whole
bunch of really funny shows on here like wk rp was a very funny no i did not think it was a
funny show at all okay in fact the the guy would have mustache what was his name that was the
uh dj dr johnny fever yeah uh uh tessman Howard has been didn't uh it didn't amuse me that's all i
just didn't find it even the least bit amuse all right especially i didn't end up in this
it just i'm just i'm into cornball sitcoms they just don't do it for me you didn't like
something i think you're uh family time
oh that was not all the shows of that john reman just any of them all right just check it
Bonnie uh what that was in Bonnie Franklin what was that show one day at a time no one day at one
day at a time uh they're just like any of these shows like that and then that's not of this era
that's a lot longer than this and they they don't show sucked one day the time did uh
did suck although by the point that never wore a bra well isn't now there's a reason to watch
how about happy days now that's not bad uh brutal show that was one of the most popular shows
in the history mr well so if you're questioning my look if anybody tells me i don't have a sense of
humor they obviously never listened to this show and they don't work for Greg Reed okay there's
two appoints for me right there all right let's check it i don't watch the daily show i
i grant you very funny i've seen clips and they were very very funny and i like john stewart a lot
i just don't watch it that's all it's not part of my life i had to warm up to it but but
i wouldn't have any difference if i thought it was the greatest things since sliced bread i'm
not interested in watching those kind of shows it's just when you reach a certain point in your
life you don't have time for certain um whatever comedy exactly and there could be a reason
dodo dodo dodo that's it i've lost a little bit of my sense of humor over the last four years
dodo dodo dodo dodo again you would know anything about that right being humorless
eight hundred and seventy two votes we got a battle going on sign felled one thirty six now
so you tell me that sign fell was funny it had it had been funny some of the political hysterical
not because he was that wasn't the point of the show some of the shows were hysterical
laugh I'm going to go ahead and look forward right now on my just crawl right on the floor for a
half an hour the uh the master basinshow was hysterical now what what were you gonna say uh uh
yeah the master basinshow right when they went to that station the one where they were right to
well naturally that would be uh right up your alley you know the whole thing sexual I made it
a good show no it was funny was dr. Ruth the contest dr. Ruth is she still and she probably had a show
yeah that wasn't funny there's not funny about her she's funny about her all right
the thought about her talking about sex is uh I don't get the music is a panic yeah well there you
go one of my what I tell you she's last found her to me then Jerry Seinfeld sure look at without a word
or where the process for repeating them already there is David Paul certainly you're acting
in the directories acting because like Brownie was acting contracts and the better job um and then
they were in the project starting to do that and maybe they should have done sooner Paul's
and reinterrated his commitment to get the 60,000 hurricane victims still in shelters in some other
kind of housing by the middle of this month right but just make sure they don't come back because
obviously uh we don't want too many dark photos the trailers look like very nicely appointed
do they really but they were disappointed them they were just short to a point and probably the
same guy that the pointed uh brownie brown is director FEMA the fact that there was so little
outrage about this kind of stuff and all these totally uh it goes along with that whole concept
of mediocreism or I like that word crony isn't a mediocreism let's patent it yeah let's not find
the best of it the best and the brightest because they would make bush look even worth any already
does anybody brighter than a dim bulb let's think of a dim what about kuhu isn't it what about the
clockwork orange what about it that was funny wasn't the tv show no it was kind of funny it was
funny in a very sick way he talks like that move on time tonight at eight a single mother struggling with
inner demons face-to-face with a suspecting killer on the run i thought to myself this is not good
so i think i'll offer it oh thank god television is doing so much to elevate the brains of the
american public man really really working on your mind that's why we got somebody great chosen at
poll to this this is Neil Roger this is 5.16 Q.A.
i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere man
travel i've had my share man i've been everywhere
i've been a Reno star go far go Minnesota bubble of Toronto when it's closed
there's no widget on the bottom of the home on the pan the battle on battle a lot of them
i've known the coli i knew that it's a go in the access to the yard
must be in the way man i've been everywhere man we're gonna call it for you
i've been here we're going to south to go to an Oregon
i've been here we're going to go to an Oregon
in the bulk of towns today we leave here and we're going to call it for you
in Texas let me tell a question please run black rock little run
we're going to south we're going to
and make a great and great way man i've been everywhere man
i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere
and then we're going to watch it in the east to take back the white house
i'm here and here he went to kick bushes as in 2004
guaranteed was it part of the aluminum or whatever
if it worked for the fact the media of course very willingly and enthusiastically
conspired to make him look like some kind of irresponsible a gone nuts or a jack-in
well they're not off the go so our Dutch friend out there says and
avoid talking about a hard ass well that's those Dutch men they are really who are they
if he if he go to Amsterdam and we're just avoid the Dutch
i know i'm serious how to help you do that you go there to mingle with the tourist and
wonderful people from all over the world okay the Dutch are just why
right are tough at least the birds are got an excuse i feel sorry for the
birds they just brought up in that concentrated
mentality with that whole royalty thing it's like a new
surround their neck they can't help it but the Dutch have no excuse
maybe it's a bad cuisine anyway he says yesterday i listened for five
minutes to get these first pants or commentary first off not a
commentary it's called play by play it's like listening to a high school kid
doing a high school game why is it that so many people get jobs on that stage with no
experience it's not who you know but who you up there he says watch your language okay
that's the problem with this country if you know someone you get a job somewhere ask
Mikey Brown he says there's that old Brownie Brown it's talk some get some quality people
there's not options anymore do we says come to it do we was do decimal system so that's
what he says not be nice if we got some calls on that but of course it's narrow casking again
i don't want to talk about the panthers of the hockey game although obviously they're
going to be very good this year and a nice start but it wouldn't be nice to hear a little
about guilty i the report i got was very good the only problem from that being it was from
uh duck who wouldn't know i'm not the broadcaster for somebody slapped him across the
uh... back home but what would you know now his river giving you his critique yet
you know i was having a fine day up until this moment oh and let me just point this out here
that dawned on me because i'm a little slow today wk rp in Cincinnati is not a recent tv show
no no that was by any say it's older than mithusla right so the fact that i didn't like that show
and let me let me just astonish you by telling you a whole bunch of shows that i didn't like at all
no i want to like what i did i didn't like the Beverly Hillbillies i didn't like reneakers i
didn't like reneakers uh... that wasn't i didn't watch uh... billies was very i didn't watch
the love boat i didn't like i didn't watch uh... whole whole game zero is very very
i didn't watch billigan's island i didn't like any of those questions was what chose that you think
were funny yeah that was the question you're saying recent or ever for that matter
all give me a break let's go out on the family hysterical mighty python sensational okay
simpson south park should peltsaw i haven't seen but i'll take your word for it uh... uh...
uh... marie wichilra hated uh... tonight show couldn't stand it now with him faulty towers uh... so
so headed moments cheers bad Jefferson's hysterical jake greasant show great s and l great
uh... kielberna show could live without it in living color was very funny i love lucy you in in its day
and it's great honey moaners was great could be enthusiastic i've never seen it
samford and son not for me uh... many whole show uh... okay as those that show very good stuff is
yeah laughing was a panic show sure since he's a was hysterical all right gong show Steve
Alan show is the funny show ever but it's just dated it's old the gong show was uh... it was funny
but it was the same thing every day in fact it was we have the gong show out there how come we
don't have jury springer show on there that's a comedy show
well what do you know i don't know it is now but uh...
all we could put it on there but i know it is now like it like it was really ever on
their to deal with all the story of that so no it was like all the other shows when and they
were about to get canceled when they got to comedy show when i just have you know the uh...
the spanking midgets in the uh... uh... the adulterous uh... whatever yeah every day
it's a comedy show it'll get a lot of votes and it's certainly a hell of a lot of funny
and seven of ones year touting like wk rp in Cincinnati it was funny everybody loves Raymond seven
yeah that's not fine mashed in like it six sc tv great sick yes one the funniest and the whole
cash to that yes david letterman six not for me daily show would you answer when i'm sure it's
very fun and i wanted the spirit was okay it has moments uh... the algae show the algae show the
algae was yes i want that show to be fun and soon but it's not so so it was okay it was funny
for about two seconds well and grace not for me for super sale show was great running co-bax show
sensational are you being uh... served never heard of it arrested well never seen seventy show
bad dream of gene great yet smart not for me than like it more you like that we would genie but you
didn't like the Beverly Hill billy's right now i dream of genie was cute and i would never miss
the number of the Beverly Hill billies have to do with i dream of genie miss you i didn't think it
was funny and i'm questioning whether you actually ever saw an episode of course before you were born
i would imagine that some of those shows were hysterical they ripped into everything the
Beverly Hill billies they satirized everything in everyone including themselves and it was a panic
but what does that have to do with the new me because i just on the same on the same
on the same money was it who are they satirized you know i dream of nobody in the shows were just
you when you watch them again it's like you know what i didn't realize the show wasn't really
funny and be which same thing never missed an episode but it was only cute this is blast for me
i never lost unless it was like paul inmate a guest appearance then i would you know i see my scenes
but other than that well yeah paul anyway great theme song in both cases
so there there are different kinds of humor okay my dream and genie i dream a gene wasn't one of those
like the old Steve Alan show where you'd like laugh so hard you'd almost pin your pants you're just
roller key like a sight no but it was cute and it was cute and yes you would laugh you would laugh
you know i don't care what you say when i was like when i went out and then you know i tried
watching it again and other than barbraiden being really really hot yeah i i failed to see the comedy
oh i just i just i want to strike gag a lot of very primitive sight gags she would bling i'll
tell you what was funny too but it wasn't supposed to be a comedy to the battle bill oh it's good
i think it was atomic battery surprise the speed
in fact it was funny and very gay
oh
all right
cute
now i'll tell you sure here's another one i'm sure that was supposed to be funny and is one of the
most it has one of the greatest cult following of any show in the history of television i could
never begin to tell you why can i give you a clue oh yeah now don't put it on there because if
you know it would vote for the Brady bunch was funny i'll tell you another one since you
will watch the world we can spend all day talking about it because you are my three sons was
supposed to be a comedy what it was not all i watched because of a robber grady right what
else they will all have our reason why you different shows yeah don't grady he would every time
i mentioned dog grady i got to say he was doing furious faucet i don't know why on a similar
subject leave it to beaver everybody watched it was it ever funny no it's like in the same same
genre as a zian heri just well but that those were those shows were kind of like amusing sitcoms in
other words not like uh yeah they were like using it a very very like a zian heri
like they were like they were like they've been boring sitcoms very very safe comedy then
right sure to offend no one and by the way what did a z do for a living that's good question
what it warned it cleaver he was like the oh j the latter day oh j hey ward cleaver not yet
i got like what you gotta do it June to go there 925 we might have close to a thousand by one
holy happy day oh right when hawk and singers you got it again the Edwin hawk and singers at all
happy day oh happy gay this is amazing to me this is shocking revolutionary and a god it called
said well what does it mean means we got a whole crap load of people out there maybe people in the
pool too but we don't care oh happy day look at the battle we got going sign tell 142 all in the
family 121 you all the family people better get with it you've heard stirrup in that one
because if sign fell wins i might do something rash next week like going vacation now we'll give you
this there's no comparison between son and father not all in the family yeah of course not that's why
so ridiculous to me every apple you like to tell that's fine with me who is just way too
Jewish for me New York to see i think you're just an anti-Summer that's not okay very self-fated
uh for what tonight was freaking hilarious as was the Larry Sanders show it's just here now that
you're calling me anti-Semitic would be like me uh yeah yeah like me calling somebody yay i don't
mention no names for what tonight we got that and again i don't think it was hilarious i look
at the side Larry Sanders show oh wow 1242 at five 60 hey listen i'm just not a funny guy
and i'm just a sour person i got no sense in my right so i rolled over at four and a half
testing program i urge everyone to complain to this station
the way girls ragey play no train was not in the race
pros like our street had it raised
found by the day i didn't know who you were again
i want no black republicans
we look at you
quelle 26 and 56 you know we had 951 votes and it's not gonna clock at this is shocking this
This is a day that will live in infamy and the annals of broadcast history, don't you agree?
Yes.
WDQA-M, hello.
Hello, yeah, is this New York show?
Yes, sir.
It's a program.
Yeah, I have one for the program.
Yeah.
Carol Brantchev.
Carol Brantchev, she's already on her, sir, but have a nice day.
Hey, did it.
Yeah, I lost it from time out.
How did you have some sketches that were cute?
She got 14 votes.
She's got 14, she's right under SNL.
And put her in the same category with SNL, please.
Jess leaves me limp.
It's like putting the sign fell in the same category with all in the family.
No.
How many QA-M, hello?
Yeah, hi there.
Near there?
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yeah, I know.
How about Rocky and his friends and the original Superman with George Reef?
Now, what was funny about Superman?
It was hilarious.
He had a fat guy with man boobs.
Yeah, that's true.
It was hilarious the way he would on a table, you know,
flying in the air practically.
Yeah, yeah, he's on my camera.
He was doing well.
Rocky and Volmick a lot of be on there.
Absolutely.
Let's put it on there.
Now, there's one of my favorite shows.
What's wrong with that?
No, congrats on me.
All those things.
Right.
I watched them and, well, Rocky and Volmick was great.
And what was the spin off on that?
The one with the Canadian, the Royal Canadian Mounties with the, what's his name?
Dudley Do Right.
Dudley Do Right.
What was the name of that show?
I don't know.
I think that was a little feature that they had within the Rocky and Volmick.
No, no, no, there was another show.
It was a spin off.
Well, I could look it up in the book, but there's no way I'm going to do that.
Because I got the TV book also.
What is the funniest TV show of all time?
Signed, spelled 147, all in the family, 124.
Mighty Python, flying circus 79.
The Simpson 71, South Park 70, Chappelle Show 47.
How is Boris bad enough?
Not enough.
Family guy and what about Natasha?
Family guy 42, Marywood Silver, 40.
I'm not going to read all these because there's 80s.
I was just reading the first page or Marywood Silver, 41.
Tonight with Johnny Carson 28, Faulty Towers 25, Cheers 24.
See, I put the Rocky and Volmick old stuff in the same category with like South Park
with those guys.
Okay, for today, a lot of South higher that was going on the heads of the day.
A lot of South higher, a lot of great voices, you know, of course the voices on Rocky and Volmick
were more than Edward Edward Horton.
I wonder if he was kind of Tim Horton.
Yeah, he's dead now, I think.
Yeah, he's dead.
All right.
Who else is the voice on it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
He would know.
We don't want to know though.
Cheers 24.
Cheers.
Jackie Gleason Show 19, Jefferson's 19, Serenade in life 15, Carol Brantjo 14 with Tim Conway
and Harvey Corbin.
Yeah, Harvey Corbin.
Some of the sketches were good.
What?
Some of the sketches were good, but it was mostly good.
I think he Lawrence, Vicki Lawrence, I think she and Carol were doing something.
The Honeymooner's 12, Curbianthusiasm 10, I love loosely 10, Benny Hill Show 10, and
after that single video, some of them are going to waste hours and hours reading 7,000
different names.
And again, we take the poll to find out your taste and, you know, we know you like being
in the live screen better than any other flavor.
So obviously you like Seinfeld better than all the family.
And, you know, if it was going to be whatever we like, there would be the point taking
the poll, right?
Right.
We know a lot of your taste is in your touch.
Wait till you hear this story.
Now, what I just tell you about Oprah, right?
Don't make me wait.
What did I just tell you about that bitch that you see in your life both mentally and physically?
Well, better if you avoid Oprah because that bit we play with her.
In fact, let me just play the beginning of that one moment, please.
Oh, here it is.
It's under.
Please welcome Jennifer.
I don't know if you've ever watched any of that show, but it's like he's got all the
women, the stepper wives out there in the arts and they're all hopped up on some doggy
uppers or something.
If you're watching the intro and then they all just go crazy.
Every time she says something, they have to pan to someone in the audience with this like
moonless struck look on their face, practically crying.
Well, when was spring's Colorado?
Angelique Fiorillo says the border that crashed through one wall of her second story apartment
out another might have struck her if she'd been in her usual spot watching Oprah.
How do you like that?
Hmm.
Or maybe if she'd been sitting in the living room eating some okra.
Fiorillo said that she was in the neighbors apartment when the table size rock thundered
out red mountain Tuesday afternoon.
We're like, oh my god.
What is that?
Oh my god.
He said, we're like, her husband was a worker.
Two cats, Odin and Loka.
Loki.
Loki.
Took cover under a bedroom dress and were on her.
What's Odin and Loka?
Loki.
Those are Norse gods.
No, I was really.
Yes.
Well, I'll be damned.
So many gods and so little time.
There's always.
Oh god.
Rain had apparently loosened the mountainside.
I'm least a slide that sent the border bouncing down the mountainside, glancing off
key branches and then crashing to a quarter of a field.
What was apartment?
It landed on the grass lawn outside leaving a trail of debris indoors and out.
I'm doing ok.
I'm alive, Fiorillo said.
She did say I have no life.
But other than that.
So she wasn't an unusual spot watching Oprah and it saved her life and it could do the
same for you.
Are you silly women of America?
They were like brainwashed with a swill with those silly ass pastel backgrounds and
those stupid couches.
Swill rhymes with Dr. Phil.
Now wait till you hear this.
Crunk is good.
Is it?
How good is it?
Have you ever been cranked up?
Not today.
Not really.
It's early.
In fact when I claimed my first horse at Hazel Park, Ray Crunk was the trainer driver.
Ray Crunk had a short wife about two feet tall.
He was like understudied Joe Marth Jr. for those of you who are paying attention.
Crunk is good among the new hot words.
It's oval wicked.
Is that just oval from that made the original in the New Orleans?
Ova.
Ova.
It's oval wicked and even underbuff.
Have you ever heard any of these words?
Well, oval wicked but not underbuff.
We have Crunk, juice, energy drink here in the building.
Right.
Obviously.
Freshly squeezed.
There are just some of the entries in the book published today that list newly coined
words as well as jargon used in technology, politics and the media.
Crunk, the American hybrid for crazy and drunk.
Are you talking about the present again?
Is an example of how words evolved from popular culture, corned to Susie Dent, author
of fanboys and overdogs, the language report.
Crunk is entering all sorts of offshoot terms in the US.
Crunk and B.
Crunk rock.
Crunkster.
And looks to set the catch on in Britain too, then, said.
New words travel from one variety of English to another and they speak English and English
and Britain since when.
And at rapidly increasing rate, thanks to the way language has exchanged over email
chat rooms, TV, etc.
Dents in a book also discusses the tendency to big up our language.
Nothing is ever good or even great anymore.
Instead, we opt for overbooking an underbuff.
The government appointees are zars and experts are mysters.
Oh, yeah, spin mysters, like left wing spin mysters, the push myster and the mole myster.
Job titles also reflect this kind of inflation.
The head of verbal communications is really just a receptionist while stockboys have been
promoted to stock, stock, stock replenishment executives.
As for the fanboys in the book titled, then said that the guys who are absorbed by a passion
for comic books or computer games, fanboys.
The book also looks at book camera.
In fact, that's what they do in China a lot.
Fanboys?
Yeah.
You ever see those Chinese fans?
I'm sure you have.
What do they call those fans?
The book also looks at book camera.
They're a shift in the past century.
The year on 1905 saw the introduction of peace economy with the next year came Serena
Soros.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Serena Soros.
Was that just Soros?
So many words on list of related events.
1940 introduced Jim Crow and 1980 brought Reaganomics.
Podcasting was last year's word.
The firmman referred to the 2005 word of the year is Sadaku, a big partner.
SUD, OK, you how you be saying that.
Sudoku?
Never heard it.
Sudoku.
The logic puzzle that's replaced crosswords is a favorite way to kill time over lunch break.
Sudoku?
Never heard it or never heard of it?
Don't know from it.
Fanboys whose dense third annual language review book, Publisher Serra Kid says, it's
dense as a resident word expert on London channel for countdown programs.
Well, isn't that totally wonderful, huh?
And have a great day, mate.
Good day, Art.
Just, oh, and I got, thanks to George, who did a lot of work and came up with very,
but the one that I did find from EIU online store about that little ability thing that I
had a little bourbon yesterday.
Well, we got more.
How come we're not getting any calls about Kelly in that hockey game, damn it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The funny show of our time with the 2004 President D. Bane.
OK, great.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple things.
One for the poll.
How about Nightcord?
Nightcord's good.
I like that.
And regarding John Schneider, I think Al Bina was the term you're looking for.
No, that wasn't when I was thinking of it, but he looks, on that show, he looked very
close to Al Bina, which is of course white hair.
It was so light blonde, and it had to be a dye job, man, because he used to say, I'm
dyed on the hair.
I'm thinking of toehead.
Yeah, yeah, toehead.
Right.
And this is sort of regarding what you guys were talking about yesterday.
What was that guy who worked alongside Billy Graham and he wrote a book and you used to
talk about the book a while back?
Oh, oh, the guy that died.
Oh, man.
He looked right in the eye.
And they were like, they're well to God.
They're well to God by Charles.
Oh, nothing Riley.
Yeah, Charles, nothing Riley.
No, we'll find it for you.
It's a great book.
Excellent.
I was trying to find it a while back.
And I couldn't find it.
I looked for it.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
He was Canadian, so you have to probably look on a Canadian.
In fact, I don't think for a long time that the American booksters wouldn't cure it.
Charles Templeton?
Charles Templeton.
Who would you come up with?
The gubid.
Amazon?
That's it.
And you can get it from Amazon.
Oh, okay.
I used to listen to you in camp, and you used to be a long time great in South, and
that's the blob guy.
What's his name?
Lob Lasseter.
Oh, that's his name.
I'm a double.
Yeah, I'm trying to remember him.
Okay, everybody up there.
And get him out of your mind, please.
I will do.
See you.
L. Blabo.
Let's see.
Let me start by saying.
I never listen to talk radio until I heard your show about seven years ago.
I've never stopped since.
It's by far the best out there.
But boy, your taste in music entertainment and food, we must be desired.
Just say no to moe, it says.
Your taste in food is impeccable.
What am I taste in food is sensational.
You don't get to be this.
Well, now that's odd to us.
Some people just are sloppy.
They're really.
Like fat boy, I wouldn't say because he weighs 600 pounds.
He's got impeccable taste.
But I have great taste in food.
I was the other one's entertainment.
And that's not correct.
And music, hey, I'm an old funny dirty.
That's all night.
I like the music I grew up with.
And if you don't like it too bad, you mama.
Oh, here it is.
I'm on it.
Fractured fairy tales and what do you dog?
Now, fractured fairy tales.
That was also part of the show.
There was a segment on Ronald King Bullway.
Right.
So let's just leave it a dad.
Little this, little dad.
Now he's a wealthy dog.
Now he's a wealthy dog.
I think they said wonder dog.
Right.
You didn't like that?
Well, I liked underdog better.
Oh, it's a.
You see how easily I got sucked in there.
I thought they were talking about Steady Wonder dog.
There's no need to care.
Wonder dog.
Oh, look at the pole, Josh.
Look at that pole.
Why are people always telling you that, I didn't?
Grab a hole to your kneecaps and spin around the next year.
This.
2007.
That was amazing.
Got a thousand eight.
I'm going to have to spin around the next year.
I'm going to have to spin around the next year.
Oh.
Now this has to be mistaken.
It must be.
It must be a fig newton in my imagination.
Another error in here.
I know that there were some people in there.
And fixed that audio vault impeccably.
Well, I can always.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, wait, wait.
Yeah.
Oh, wait, nevermind.
Oh.
Do we have Bill Cosby's show on there?
Oh, let's try it now.
Oh.
So, this is on it.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Did you see Will and Grace last night?
Sure, no.
Yeah, that was great.
I like the party.
I like the party.
You see?
Get this.
Have a seat.
Have a seat.
Have a seat.
That's great comedy, right?
In that Brian Williams, the way he tilts his head down like head, Murrell.
Now that's fair and balanced news, Governor.
I still can't get the image of dead bodies floating down Bourbon Street out of my mind.
Oh, what you ought to do is watch an episode of Joey tonight.
I, I, Joey.
Yeah.
Sure.
It's all part of the quality deep programming provided by the fifth largest of things contractor in the world.
Or in order.
Or in order.
SUV and SPU.
And then that will you.
Thank you.
Hey, I'm going to give another show over the same genre as WKRP instance today.
Same era, not even the least bit humorous, very annoying characters.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I hate to say if I'm trying to spell something a name or something up here. Oh, your do-er does he and I they we say that I know I know how's it going a and they also call it or Z and Occasionally if you see the number seven written out It's got a little line through it through the seven and in school They say marks instead of grades and do they really yeah? They do how do you know that because I brought your marks because I watched a grassy all the digressy Oh the grassy high now there that now that wasn't a comedy but that was pretty good No, it just damn good in the
beginning and the I really know where your mind is going at the high those were young people all of them under age although some of them very closely Glage and we could check ID we watch it as a family and always have now family with that was an interesting show family with every game you the willies never wants okay didn't do anything for me and a whole bunch of what was your name Sarah Tossated Thompson and then they got to play the husband just I know that longer they got with a real raccoon deep said I
Don't think I was guaranteed a jax on Google at TV showing he'll have the guys name in a half and a heartbeat here he goes family he's Google
All right, all right, I want if you want yeah I hated that song well what about even worse than that other
What about our first on sesame street what's not the light
Yeah, it's not gonna be little kid shows on it's got a comedy it's an educational set Adam's family
Yeah, put that right in the same category
Oh
I'm Denver's dead by the way I got nothing for you I'm that are you putting I got family guy no no you got to put in
Google TV show family what do you think I did
Boy I talk about hostile and notice that check cleared already
You know that's why I always know that yeah, that's that's why he's getting a hostile now because he knows I can't stop it now
Anyway, so here's more on that story was I don't know I thought this was interesting especially for people are planning to bail out of the US pretty soon
The way things are going you know things are a little bit a skew
Vancouver tops the mobility ranking quarter new survey by the economist intelligence unit a new survey by the
Unus assessing the livability of 127 cities worldwide is found Vancouver to be the most attractive destination
I know a lot of this is a repeat yesterday, but a lot of people didn't hear it number one
That's a little more in detail the survey show cities in Canada lost right now
Austria and Switzerland is the most ideal destinations thanks to a widespread availability of goods and services
Low personal risk and an effective infrastructure John Koch steak editor of the report comments in the correct global political
Climate it's no surprise that the most desirable destinations are those with a lower perceived threat of terrorism the
Limitably ranking part of the worldwide cost of living surveys says is living conditions in 127 cities around the world by looking in
Early 40 individual indicators grouped into five categories stability health care or what's that cost-run environment education and
Infrastructure the survey gives a rating of 0 to 100% and just as a city with a lower score to be the more attractive destination
A rating of 20% is where real problems are seen to begin anything over 50% places severe restrictions on the lives down
Underwoods you don't want to be there like high alia
33 cities almost half those surveyed the total fall into the top of the ability a bracket
This reflects the fact that many global business centers have developed a infrastructure and widespread available available
They still the overwhelming majority of cities in the top of the ability range are based in Western Europe and North America
With Western Europe having the slight edge only three cities in eastern Europe fall into this bracket along with 13 cities from Asia
All cities in North American Western Europe have ratings below 20% in contrast all cities in Latin America
African the Middle East exceed this the worst destinations in the survey are those of Algiers and Port Morris
Being papa and New Guinea where many aspects of daily life present challenges all ten cities with the liberal
The electric seats 50% are in Asia Africa for the Middle East
Despite the clear difference of living standards between eastern and Western Europe the expansion of EU and strong economic development
Experiencing Eastern Europe since the breakup of the survey union something these catch up on the West
The three cities in Eastern Europe were the best livability in the seas Budapest, Vaudislava and Prague
Oh, gotta go to Budapest and Prague our fond of EU what I'd love to but you know
I will next year
Factors such as improved transporting communications infrastructure along with greater availability of good services
Mercational activities have played a part in slowly bringing these cities in line with the West
Much less desirable our states be set by corruption and instability further to the east
Tashkent and Baku in the former Soviet Republic of Uzbekistan Azerbaijan
Scrum along the worst in the region ratings of 42 and 38 percent both countries are prone to a corruption civil unrest with the threat of petty crime
Terror and like a general amenities also playing part
Istanbul and Turkey has an unenviable livability rating of 39 percent in far due to recent terror attacks including the
2003 attacks which specifically targeted the expatriates
Conversely
Austria's capital of Vienna shares joint-second spot would Geneva Switzerland not even New York both cities have a rating of 2% with their
Climate's a factor beyond human control is the main pitfall to live there Athens released livable destination
Western Europe also suffers from climate issues
Although its infrastructure also serves to bring it down its ranking despite this
Athens still occupies the top tier of economist intelligence units livability scale Athens never been there
Lot of a lot of a bad air and a lot of very hairy people don't like the Greeks. They don't like that. I say that
Okay, I don't know any Greeks with low crime little trepid
Instability or terrorism and a highly developed infrastructure Canada has the most livable destinations in the world
How do you like that?
When the rating of just 1% has resulted a small threat from petty crime
Bankouber's the highest ranked city of 127 survey to further to Canadian cities countering Toronto feature in the top five with ratings of just
3% they're tied well although higher crime rates and a greater threat of tear puts US cities below those of Canada
US cities are still among the world's most livable
Cleveland and Pittsburgh of the joint best-scorey cities in the US
7% enjoy 26 places in the global ranking a lack of availability of recreation activities in certain
Infrastructional shortfalls put Lexington as the least little will US city survey Lexington Kentucky in 56 place
Although it's a game of 13% is still mighty low
See I'm trying to find eventually we will find the whole list here without having any sort
Without having to pay for it. Oh, yeah, we don't want to do that although no land American city survey manages to present
Ideal living conditions either to any fall into category where extreme difficulties are faced although Bogota in Columbia
117 comes close to the rating of 49% Bogota like Caracas Venezuela has been subject to high-profile levels of instability on rest and violence
You don't want to go there?
No, I'm talking about that that experience driving from the airport into downtown Caracas a few years ago
That was that was a re relever a revelation without the Bible all those little those
10 roofed huts up in the last one time he's
Zillions of them all with little TV antennas on top of course
Oh, he's the connected and then you get in downtown and the area's just teaming teaming with people
It's so it's like it's like we're jaded with sardine can
But the anti airport was like paramilitary atmosphere. You know, they were all had their
Camouflage suits on and the whole deal kind of a scary kind of like what the US is gonna be about to
What do you mean two years the two sit in two minutes two city score 90% and 75% not bad the higher the number the worst it is
Due to widespread guerrilla warfare in Columbia and violent civil unrest and opposition to Venezuela's president Hugo Chavez
Come on Pat Robertson. Let's take him out
With scores of 20% month of the day when you're a Gues Santiago in Chile and Buenos
Automata in Argentina 64th joint offered the best of incandescent land America. That's not too good
This is largely thanks to relative efficient infrastructure and the availability of goods and services
They are closely followed by US Commonwealth territory San Juan and Puerto Rico 23% rank number 68 and
San Jose and Costa Rica ranked 70 of 24%
Latin America's longest serving unbroken democracy
Costa Rica alongside candidate Australia's got some of the most liberal places in the world Melbourne is ranked second overall
With the ranges 2% Perth Abilade and city joined Zurich Toronto and Calgary and joined fifth place with ratings of 3%
Just below this Brisbane and joint 11th elsewhere in the region cities in Japan who's even Hong Kong South Korea
Singapore and Taiwan all for good standard living with a humid climate foring the scores down a wee bit
Just north of Australia
However, a very different picture emerges with port more as the Papa Papua New Guinea
We are turning the worst joint score of all 127 cities surveyed with a rating of 66%
In fact, if you go over there and just walk around the streets they're all the only the same thing
I'm dying out of here
They suffer from high crime rates
Corruption instability low availability vendor payment good services
And a dilapidated infrastructure the proximity of port more is be to Australia highlights the two tiered nature of the
Vibollini Asian countries with a number of well-developed urban centers next through the countries where less favorable conditions apply
How do you like that? Here's the fact that says hi up alley. How about good time should a pool had one of the classic theme songs that George hates like poison
I'm sure you mentioned that I don't know why I don't hate it
I just don't like it not like that welcome back cauter
And I hate that it's not on here
I hate that to find the right distance. I don't even are not Joey Scarborough or whatever the hell that guy's name is
Yeah, what about it? Hey it
Yeah, that's the one oh
Oh
What about the 500 time I heard it I decided to hate it
I got good time here not good time
So I would rather have a jelly roll or an extra roll
Or rock and roll
Okay, let me do the break please all right, so what the hell was that good time then good times my ass
That's what I heard yeah, I'm serious. I'll be good. You know, you just not gonna do it because you're a harness. I don't have it
That's all you don't have it. I don't oh
Who is that is that's flying the family song of course cool team again. She was a cheek. Oh
I don't want to
Making away
See let me just say this to you anybody who doesn't like that theme has got some kind of a problem
Well, it's how it goes about me. You give me a song that's about my bad taste even Josh would agree
That's a pretty good team song. Yeah, I was listening to my car this morning on the way here not necessarily you don't like that
S TV things going over in the T. Don't listen to TV themes in your car or in your home
You don't sit there with your with your iPod or your Sony Walkman listen to TV things unless you're a crazy person
You don't like that theme. It's okay
It's fine. You know, he's still believes you're gonna buy in that TV, you know
No, he knows better one sixteen and five sixty-vehicle. I'm the
Rogers guys
The federal government is just more in the
Underwoods are in services of the most parties brown offered no apology and mostly blame others for the
Department
My
There's no one left to blame I said brownie
You're the government shame I said brownie
Here's up in blame. There's no one I know
More lame George Bush
You better make them shut up before he says
It was you will mess up you can defend it
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time
I was just tired of this but he's way too dumb to run the
F E M A some people died when he ran
Now that everyone knows that your leadership votes
You can go back to your
Today most Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that the ground is still on the federal payroll
That maybe because as long as he remains an administration official his testimony must be cleared by the White House
You're fired 21 past one and of course we're getting
Inundated with facts isn't caused about Gildey's great debut as voice of the panthers last night and not
It's about to take place outside. What is it? It's pitch black outside. Oh, yeah
Let me look at that Miami radar right and earlier and it wasn't much going on
But now we got Teresa and Stan
Tammy and Stan
My favorite do I was it was veka Stan
Let me look at that national weather service radar momentarily. Let me put the emotion in the oh
Gee, woo there are some yellows and some reds and some stuff coming really you got any onion kind of like whipping around some red peppers and green peppers and yellow ones
Let's see what this faxes you just sent from lorraine Baltimore. We got a list of involve them are ball ball more
How you like that? All right?
Lori has one for the pull how about the three studios?
Yeah, you know, how about that all right? Remember what they used to say
Don't don't don't don't yeah, I think most said that they had their own show every Saturday morning when I was a kid
You can still find them on cable sometime if you're lucky also you were talking about wonder dog earlier
I think you meant underdog. Yeah, no the facts said one dog
Whose real life voice was that of the late great really I never do that hey the late great Nebysh wallie Cox
Hey, Wally you fairy who was on Hollywood Square's frequently who was Wally Cox
hanging out with was it was it Raymond Burr? Who was it that lived with Wally Cox?
I don't keep track of these things very
It's a book a brand doesn't huh? Let's see if Brian. I know who it was. You'll never guess by the way
I know I won't who was bisexual. I'm very big in fact
Okay, let me know saying that he our buckle. No, no, let me give you a clue
Marlon brand new wallie Cox if you gave me a million guesses. I still wouldn't have gotten well
There you go. It says I still remember the wonder brought but used to play that was based on the underdog character
Can we run your brought? Yeah, there's nothing on that. Are you sure positive? It's only one way to find out
There's a boy and we live on the air and there's without auditioning it
Oh, I have a great day. I'm seeing you too, Laurie
Oh
So in the middle of the room to make their shape looks someone's felt they used to try out who's the able now
They can go out and they for under
Wonder
Last visit of our hero wonder bra was trying to save his beloved pure public sweet friends from the clutches of the evil Simon
Bob Cleaver
Wonder brought
Wonder brought. Can you help you now?
Pure belly sweet red
Simon
Sting
I'm totally loving you support
Wonder
Well, the situations Blake or Polly don't bother wonder bras here to make them stick out
Wonder
My hero
Dressed oiled again, but I'll be back wonder brought
Getting away stop crying Polly though the villain is jerky your bus finest bag and your fooders are pretty
So now the world is safe for boobs that want to flop up and procre when cleavages on must-to-show
There's only one place you can go to wonder bra
Oh
Saturday morning joint probably goes J most and his bully buddies a dumb who say oh
Well, I'll pack this adventures of a rocky and bow and go
TV TV TV TV TV TV the United Nations is about to speed
Okay, give me that crystal ball
Second he got up on the wrong side of the bunker perhaps a poem will help
Today I'm today and you're one wacked out dude and just like your oil your smelly and groom
And most did you see your squirrel friend? Oh you mean rocky sure he's over there
And over there
Oh my rocky what do you know about this?
Don't ask me ask my auntie
TV TV TV who and the aircraft
Join us next time for oils well that ends well or kiss your gas goodbye. Hey moose what's weather forecast for today?
booby
Here racking in bullwink
Saturday morning on New Calon again
I'm telling who else used to be doing voices on this it was Hans Connry
Okay, and you're saying who was that our Hans Connry even has been dead a hundred years
I'll say that tell me something else that I should know him from
Balled very funny guy used to be on pantomime quiz with my kid in Hermione Gingold you have no idea
I hear some other show that some people might say was funny, but I'll tell you right now nobody world because there was any humor on this show
There only a couple of reasons anybody watched that show they read their obsessed with Susan day or surely Jones or both of them or obsessed with David
Cassidy who had better here than either one of them and of course so you can't imagine which one was my kid
I don't remember laughing once no that show no and especially with Danny van adusio
Oh, careful now I can't say that no Danny
But I beg to do to she beg you know we can say to share the village
We know in the building bring their own
To work with them we've got and it's not even 130 quite yet. It's not one
A thousand eighty three votes. I mean we'll do a hundred like it was like like it nothing just falling right down
I'm too excited thrilled to death in fact if I were you and run right into Greg right now say I want a huge raise
We're gonna have 11 other votes today and look at you and go
As a matter of fact I take that back here. What are you going?
Just like that make no mistake about this is meal Roger
This is 5.62.8
And hold it
Oh
And there ain't no really
I go to the station I gotta ride me
A lot of this president
I just feel a little bit that same
Take a look at the gas gauge
Need a point to eat
I'm gonna feel love
So
You know we had a great pull a great pull idea and
I wrote it down so I can't remember I wrote it earlier today remember what it was
Uh, what's your idea of heaven something like that? Oh, yeah
That's it for good good for you. I could have pretended to forget so I could use it next week
For prices those ideas are what's your idea of heaven? I like that a lot
And I'm actually gonna write down now on something I'm not gonna throw out. Yeah, I think that was the problem
Because you know me I threw all this stuff on the garbage like in a rage
Oh, this is a great song
So
I like the bean part
Look at this look who wrote the theme from good times or maybe maybe sings it
I guess sing is this who wrote it or sings it Jim Gill strap and Perth blinky William Jim jock strap
I didn't I just don't understand. I mean hated that show, but I think it's a fantastic theme song right?
You know, yeah different taste. Oh look at that huge. Oh, all that blob. There's a Tammy in her skin
It is rain and oh boy
Tammy really a good thing as opposed to a bad old joke up in a rubber stand
He's back in the studio with nice shoes. Tammy off towards the east a little bit off now
We're dropping down the into the
He looks a lot better now. There's not out there in the storms. You know all like a beaten and haggard
More haggard
Leave the start and turn and we're starting to feel a bit of 48 miniapolis
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's gonna start getting a little on the you know, and then you're gonna say I say we told you
That's no underground stuff like that now say it, but we're not drowning over here
Andy and Miami says what about police squad with nothing eelsing well actually was on for about what five minutes
They're about to graduate
It says although it had a limited number of episodes
It deleted the native gun movies while I'm sure was very good that I'm recall seeing I don't know
I mean there was on for 30 seconds. Yeah, half a week
I think they can't stop doing show on that because again the whole question is the funniest TV show of all time
Of course, I love lasineels and good Canadian boy by the way, but
Gifts are Andy Python burst after trying to eat gator
It's got the pictures. Oh, we've seen it. They're passing it around all of a sudden and the picture to have amy really? Yeah
Big talk in every grades national part there it is which goes to show you know the oldest question your eyes
A bigger than your stomach when people can't finish a meal especially kids. Oh, yeah
It's got big eyes but his eyes are bigger than a stomach
Well, I guess the same could be said of the Python. Oh, and isn't it appropriate? We do the money Python
And what the hell is that thing about? I don't know if we can play that anymore
Every sperm is that what that's called right? Yeah
I'm about something to tell the all family it's
Mills close
There's no more work way destitute
Come in my little I've got no option but to sell you all for scientific experiments
No, no, that's the way it is my love. They have the Catholic Church for not letting me wear one of those little rubber things
They're the best money. Oh, yeah, absolutely the best and of course kind of Lisa said it wasn't we a laugh ride that money Python play in the york
Just about our seven thousand dollar designer shoes
That were our next girlfriend. I mean boyfriend
The alligator has some foreign competition at the top of the Everglades food chain and the results of the struggle our horror movie messy
A 13-foot Burmese Python recently burst after apparently tried to swallow a live six-foot alligator hole
But don't swallow those gators especially their holes
The incidence is heightened by all the spheres that the non-native states could threaten the host of other animal species in the Everglades
It means nothing in the Everglades is safe from pythons the top-down predator
Our Frank you said Frank Mazzotti a University of Florida wildlife professor a lot of wildlife at the University of Florida
Over the years many pythons have been abandoned in the Everglades by pet owners
The gory evidence of the latest gator python encounter the fourth documented the past three years
Was discovered in photograph last week by helicopter pilot and wildlife researcher the snake was found with the gators
High-end quarters protruding from its midsection
Mazzotti said the alligator may have clawed at the python stomach as the snake tried to digest it
Oh, man getting eaten from the inside in previous instance the alligator won or the battle was an apparent draw
There had been some hope that gators can control Burmese pythons
Mazzotti said this indicates to me it's going to be an even draw
Sometimes the gators are going to win and sometimes the python will win and sometimes aerophile might do it
It's unknown how many pythons are competed with the thousands of alligators in the glades
but at least 150 of them captured the past two years said Joe was a loose key a wildlifeologist and crocodile tracker
What do you for a new for life? I'm a crocodile tracker
Raw
Uh pythons could strengthen many remember that sound by the OJs I'm a crocodile tracker
No pythons could strengthen many smaller species that conservationists are trying to protect plenty of the reptiles
otters squirrels woodstorks and sparrows
Was a loose key said 10 or 20 foot python could also produce a risk to unwear a human especially a child
He had it. I don't think this is an imminent threat. This is not a be afraid be very afraid since you're patient
That's exactly what it says here. This is not a what this is not a be afraid be very afraid
So it's very afraid. Yeah, it's very afraid. It's not
So there we go. Oh, yes, there's a facing arrest now. I give up
Kate Moss will be arrested as the first supply cocaine when she returns to Britain
Shane super this is in the online sun the British showroom of Rock tabloid
For her change supermodel be asked to attend a police uh, attend a police station
Where she'll be formally arrested interviewed under caution. I have I you know that that's supposed to be in the English language
I can't understand what those celiacs brits are talking about
She will attend a police station like attending a funeral I guess right her own and before my arrest and interviewed under caution
So maybe the caution lights are on I don't have any cool what that means
That means you get to have a race. It's like an indie you know the function like the
You like flag huh?
Trying to be a little frag gay
1111 votes this and who you are even real. I got plans for that money already. Oh my god
We're gonna have a bonus that gonna come in here just toss in hundred dollar bills in every direction
In fact, that would be surprised that many bell comes in it was checkbook right now and and writes it and gives both of you guys a big fat one
I
Was gonna say it gives you both a big wet one. Hey as a right congratulations
Did you speak at a mighty belt that we ever get those his spank numbers from the spring book that I had a beg for the other day?
No, I beg for them and I guarantee the reason being that they're really bad
We don't have in spite of the wishful thinking of a few of our Julios out there
We have a very decreasing number
You know the very elbow lift was bad enough and the fact that I spoke the truth then I was very bad
And he's supposed to suck up, you know
And then of course we had the alienito thing and that was just when we're starting to mend our offense a little bit
And that was bad still wasn't just huh and you're still a denial you always have been about what about the Hispanic audience those that speak English anyway
They all listen well you can say they all listen, but so evidently they they lie a lot
They don't put it down in the diaries because once upon a time we did fairly well
But then recent years as especially since little alienito right will say 60 minutes fame
Huh we'll see all
See if I can come down on one hand you're always telling me that you don't know anybody who listens to the show
And then on the other hand on your time and of course you don't hang out with Julios anyway
That's right except your relatives and who they'll once am see the operative word is hang out
Yeah, see I know people that listen to the show. I don't have friends who do I see make any sense
Yeah, I've had for years that
If we they would no longer be friends after listening to the show
I'd have to severely talk to them about that funniest TV show of all times
Signed failed 175 all over the family 143 a big crocodile a big alligator tear comes to my eye
Because I think it's a crock money python flying circus 84 South Park 79 Simpson 78
Chappelle show 56 family guy 49 married with children's 45 and she is has got
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
and
the
oh
and
you
She's almost missing you to the sand.
Made it wasn't shocking, looked like one of the kids.
The cash pay, he does know we're her friends.
All of them are skinny, free, so would she.
The people are then his mother.
I'm calling to his friends as do I think I can stand.
The people are then his mother.
And we're all in the same place.
And the parent he, she were.
All of them sold out the food.
But he's not in, he's been.
All of us are in a stable.
And when that's true, we're dead.
She made the movie a stupid man.
He was drunk at cops and she'd take some daytime mass.
She leaves her teeth right on the cat's life table.
All of us are the kids.
He's for what's said.
The people are then his mother.
But calling to his friends is no white man when the fans.
The people are then his mother.
You're probably for this way.
Anybody who was married to Bruce Willis is definitely tainted goods.
It's all I can tell you.
1137 votes on a poll.
Van your 1200 by Van of the show.
I'm pretty impressed.
It takes a lot to impress this old queen.
But nevertheless, that is really something.
And you're right.
I mean, it's definitely a free job.
They're on sign tell.
You think?
Yeah.
Why do you say that?
Because I mean, yeah, it would be in the top 10.
I think Tom Jicke is doing it.
There you go.
I think Jicke and his buddies over there,
his racetrack pals, they do it over there to scum Sentinel.
They're creeping it.
Because they like, although Jicke were doing it,
she is would be way up.
They only got 31.
It's nice, Johnny Carson.
But 30, man.
Anyway, you're like this to Ray from Federal Way, Washington.
Don't make a federal case out of it.
I have no idea where it is.
And having never been in the Great Northwest,
maybe when Josh comes back from Seattle,
who give us the allow down.
Have you ever been there before?
No.
Really?
George Hans, he's been all over that to a neck of the woods.
Just indeed.
Cool to get into the great wonderful place.
Yes, it is.
Anyway, two high school boys followed Goldfish
at a school assembly,
and were punished for their stern talking too.
In fact, they had a head, how were on the speakerphone?
Animal rights activists said that's not enough.
After learning about this stunt late last month,
people for the ethical treatment of animals.
Oh, no!
Here we go again with those people.
Teda.
Oh, boy.
Urged Federal Way Public Schools to adopt a district-wide policy
prohibiting the use of animals in school functions.
Oh, cracker, please.
We feel certain you'll agree that killing fish in the name of school
spirit is unacceptable, or Jennifer O'Connor,
an official with the Norfolk Virginia based group.
Well, guess what, honey?
Norfolk you.
School District's spokeswoman Diane Turner said
the boys ate Goldfish on September 20th.
Apparently, after processing the do-so,
one of them got elected as a class officer.
Turner said school officials liked to do boys on proper behavior
and called their parents.
They received no further discipline.
These are good kids who made bad decisions,
and Turner said what they did was not appropriate.
We used as a teaching moment.
So Peda has to stick their nose into the public school system
in the state of Washington because some kids swallowed a goldfish.
Oh, a lot of people eat fish all the time across this country.
Yeah.
And the world every day and chickens and geese and ducks
and cows and all of these things.
Like the low and pig.
Most things, how does that brought worse?
You get Gary Sarner one of them kosher brats?
Extra cheesy.
Extra cheesy kosher brad for Gary Sarner.
It's cranky, Gary.
You're going to rot in hell.
Well, even without eating it, he'll still rot in hell.
Investigators say here's a little follow-up.
We like to keep you abreast.
Lindsay Lohan, who is one of the most boring people ever to come down the plate.
Like, this is why anybody cares about Lindsay Lohan just puzzles the hell out of me.
Investigators say today they don't believe that somebody photographer
has caused teenage actress Lindsay Lohan to crash her Mercedes into a delivery truck.
It was not a factor.
It didn't cause the action.
So they're like county sheriff's deputy Scott Gage.
Maybe she had to call herself on.
Maybe it was the Bill O'Reilly factor that caused her to crash.
Maybe it was a...
Yeah, it could have been the O'Reilly factor.
The hot sex factor.
The agency's conclusion to have their statements
made by Lohan's representative,
it leaves the official cause of the accident yet to be determined.
Within seconds of the crash, at least two photographers were stepping images
of the expressed actress, witnesses be saying.
He had said that the investigation has shown that the case may be a civil matter.
He said the citation may be issued for violation of the California vehicle code and infraction.
I may already tell you what the accident was.
It was a very violent crash and witnessed Catherine's star 50 of New Orleans.
It was such a loud impact.
It was explosive.
The airbags in Lohan's Mercedes deployed an actress and her friend opened their doors and ran to a nearby antique store.
Ben's driver stumbled on the street, was helped by employees of the restaurant.
Witnesses said the stretch of Robertson where the crash occurred is a Haunt for stars
who are drawn to its boutique and eateries.
The area also brought celebrity photographers open the snap, candids, photos.
It was the same neighborhood four months ago that Lohan made headlines with a celebrity photographer
when he ran his car into her car for she should have lots of accidents.
That accident gave rise to a special investigative task force that prosecutes criminal cases against aggressive paparazzi.
On May 31 police arrested Gala and Ramirez, 24-hours suspension of assault with a deadly weapon,
and said Ramirez was attempting to photograph Lohan when the collision occurred.
Several other paparazzi were on the scene almost immediately to photograph and videotaped a distressed Lohan.
The crash prompted a new law that imposes steep financial penalties for paparazzi who committed assaults in their
pursuit of celebrity photos. The measure which goes into a pectian everyone was signed on Friday by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegh.
Now what would you rather be a paparazzi or a peasant or a Montenegro?
I want to be a stalker rotsie. I can't remember.
How about a peasant or a Montenegro of the Church?
What's his name? He'll tell you.
What's his name? He'll tell you.
What's his name?
I see the movie Misery with James Coynecanti-Bates.
I don't know. I saw it.
Maybe it was Josh.
Josh did you see Misery?
I did not. He said he saw a network and that was Misery.
So he said he doesn't like it. That's all. He just doesn't like it.
At least he's being honest about it. He's not just sucking up just to be out.
I told you what I liked about the movie and I told you what I didn't like.
What's that? When Faye Dunhamay was on top of the world or on top of what you're holding?
No. I liked the message. I agree with what the movie's about.
It was just too long and pondry.
It didn't keep my attention.
What about the speech by Ned Vady when Howard Beall was sitting in the ICT boardroom?
Ryan with Madness, hell! I don't think I can take this anymore.
You didn't like that, Sam?
I'm chosen to preach thisness to Bill.
Why me?
Because you're on television, dummy.
Where do you get that? Do I know that?
Yes, you do.
Oh, no.
Listen to me. Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets. Turn them off right in the middle of the scene.
I've chosen you.
I chose you.
I chose you.
Why me?
Because you're on television, dummy.
Hey, don't get so about it, Ned.
What do you think it's so exciting?
Right, don't sense deliverance up there in the woods and entry.
Entry?
The Senate defied the White House yesterday.
Well, I said to this Bushmeister, he's got a real tourist man.
He don't even know what it means.
The Senate defied the White House yesterday and voted to send new limits on interrogating
detainees in Iraq and elsewhere, underscoring Congress's growing concerns about reports of abuse
of suspected terrorists and others in military custody.
46 Republicans joined 43 Democrats and won independent, emboldening to define and limit
interrogation techniques that U.S. troops may use against terrorism suspects.
The latest sign that alarm over treatment of prisoners in the Middle East and that Gitmo Bay, Cuba,
is widespread in both parties.
Aburgar Reb.
The White House had fought to prevent the restrictions with Vice President Cheney visiting Cuba Republicans in July,
and he scopes from yesterday repeating President Bush's threat to vetoed larger bill that language is now attached to a $140 billion
military spending measure.
How do you like that?
Now, Bertha Gonzalez is going to be torturing A.J.
Portramata.
Oh, yeah.
He wants to put him all in the old news.
Okay, I think when we definitely do the break, because we're going to have close to 1200 votes today.
Wow.
And like I said, maybe like 20 or 30, it might even be real.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 15 Q.A.
Everybody.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I come from Prague, the Texas Queen, the guitar on my knee.
While they died in the weeds, the Anna high-race cash for the POP.
Oh, cut, enough.
Don't put the blame on me.
But I come from my vacation for a photo opportunity.
Swain your partner round and round.
Now, do a little swim into an Oral and stand.
Swain to the left, to the right.
Here we go.
Swain a little more, job.
No, see no.
Oh, cut, enough.
Why didn't those people flee?
The person will leave the end of it.
It gets more Iraqi.
Oh, oh, oh, right.
Okay, so the consensus is that Geldy's doing a phenomenal job.
Isn't that what the consensus is?
I think so.
I heard from everybody except that he doesn't be that good.
A good Dutch guy.
Yeah, well, except.
And what about Al-Azino about hockey, anyway?
Have you heard any Dutch hockey players except maybe?
Well, he's not Dutch.
Who knows?
What is his name?
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
He's a young hero.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
You're putting in the same category with Rocky and Bullwink.
Good for him.
I like care guys like that.
South Park 80, the Simpsons 81.
Baaaaaaming!
Maddie Python's flying circus 86.
All in the finessey again.
Zurich thinks we're being freaked today.
You might be right because we got a very shockingly high number of votes.
But who knows.
See that because then if you say that it sounds like star grapes.
Well that's a star about it.
I like it.
But it shows.
You'll have battle all in the family 147 and sign failed.
You believe it.
Oh 178.
Bye bye bye!
