What?
Yes.
Yeah, let's see.
My officers jacked you.
Excuse me.
An officer.
That would be something.
Well, you're messing with somebody he came along.
I was just going to say, can you imagine that you're messing around with somebody and there
you're walking up.
I really can't.
And up.
And there he is.
He kind of like just looking back in the lane.
You wouldn't have to like beat the crap out of you or anything else.
Just give you one of those looks.
You know, what do you do if you're like somebody who's messing with somebody else and
Jack comes along to make whatever kind of a rest he makes.
And he asked him for his autograph on that.
There he goes.
That would be good.
And if you can get to job done.
Why is the pension?
And like all those idiots that kept asking OJ for his autograph.
Oh.
I like to personally beat the crap out of those people with a 2x4.
That still happens.
Fine, I know that.
But.
Oh.
Yeah, a lot of people out there never met a slime ball.
Well, why do you know he was a celebrity, man?
He's a superstar.
Not just a football player, but a great movie star.
Man.
One of the reasons that he moved here was because he only reason he moved there is because they couldn't
Garnas' wages.
Well, that's true.
Also, he was he was barred from most places in Los Angeles.
Right.
Restaurants didn't want to.
No, but the main movie, the main motive was financial because they can't garnish your wages
and plurid and whatever income he's hiding and stealing.
They couldn't take that away and give it to the Browns and the Goodman's.
That's correct.
Whatever the name is.
That's right.
Goldman.
Goldman, Goodman, Schwartz, whatever it is.
Goldman.
So we've got something really heavy duty on our website today that I'm sure you've heard about.
The president writing his potty break note.
I don't know what's worse that or his wife not getting the name of the storm, right?
Calling it Karina.
Remember Karina Karina by working with us?
Well, so I made this prediction earlier in the show that Boca Brian's next bit will be based on that song.
Karina Karina?
Yeah.
With the first lady messing up the name.
I doubt it.
No?
At any rate, so the note, I think I need a bathroom break.
It's on our website and that's your president.
I can't read the rest of it.
It's his name.
I couldn't read the last line.
Now, is something do chickens pee or something like that?
I can't read it.
But that's your president writing a note.
Of course, this is at the UN, the world summit, the 2005 world summit yesterday.
And I guarantee he needed more than one bathroom break because you talk about trying to defend the indefensible.
So there's the, it's on our website, Neil Rogers.com.
We don't have any naked pictures for you, but there is a that.
That should get some attention.
He doesn't say the effort anywhere in the note, but that would get a lot more viewers.
I'm so depressed about the, about human nature, you know.
When we had the naked pictures on our website, I just figured it out this morning.
We've lost 65% of the hits on the website since we had to take the pictures off.
They may, they may say that almost that even worth doing it.
That's where we're working in an armed camp here.
Well, that in this case, it's not because of the station.
It's because of your federal government because they, they're looking to put everybody's ass in jail.
Oh, you put naked pictures on your website and you can't, you have to have on a file proof of the age of the person at the time the picture was taken.
But who the hell's got that?
I mean, you take a nude picture of somebody and then you ask for an ID afterwards.
Right.
No, but in other words, if it's like some celebrity, if it was a nude picture of, oh, say, Al Hallibary, taking like, you know, five years ago.
Well, I mean, just obviously anybody could look at her and see that she was more than 18, but, oh, that's not good enough for the government.
You have to have a, on file written proof that she was over 18 when a picture was taken or your grass is going to jail.
Or in this case, Eric.
Of course, we might as well put, I think Josh, you could put them up on the area where we don't care if Eric goes to jail.
And not what do we care?
I screw him.
And we got to do something.
And then I see we got Joseph Ackier, buddy and Curtis on for there.
What is this ever end?
And George just decided to take a walk today.
He's not working.
He's just screwing around.
I think I'm going on my news.
I was going to say, and you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
My news.
No, I don't.
Yours is etched in stone.
You know, your day's off.
Our day is in.
Monday and Monday, Tuesday.
Wednesday and Friday.
That's my new schedule starting today.
Monday and Tuesday.
We all just try it out today.
We just can't get hardly any days when we got the whole team going.
We got all kinds of action here.
Oh, please.
Oh, I forgot to read a promo.
Can I do that real quick and then take a bite?
Go ahead and take all the time you want.
Hey, kill some good time.
We got 11 o'clock.
Well, we have a contest going on where you can log on to wqam.com and sponsor by Belvedere Bodka for people in 5 and 0 last week.
A lot of people are participating time for new players to sign up.
Lots of it.
You're eligible for grand prize of $1,000.
You pick five games a week.
Just go online and you can do that.
Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah, I did go online to see if they re-instated the link to this show on there which they have not done because they're too embarrassed by the show.
They want the revenue from the show.
They like the money and the ratings, but they just don't want to be associated with me or the show because we're a bunch of slime balls and we don't do a sports show.
What do you mean?
You're not online?
We're not linked to the QA website.
Originally, there was a link on there and we had a link an hour back to QA.com.
And then once we started putting the B.D. Curtin on it with the naked pictures, I'm pretty sure that was the straw that Prof. Campbell's asked.
The beesleaves, oh, that's disgusting and pornographic.
And they didn't want to be associated with it.
So in addition to which, you know, like some blue nose people with U.M. Adana Shalali or somebody, who knows who it was?
And so they dropped the link, which okay, we can survive.
We still get an 80's in hits.
And then you would think that the minute that we had to drop the pictures on there at a B.D. Curtin and we no longer a pornographic at a scene,
that the link should have gone back up, right?
I mean, since we are a part of this radio station allegedly and it's not on there.
So I did see your thing with the vodka bottle and everything else, but I'd like to hit Joy-Sau-Bitch.
It's good vodka, don't waste it.
Now, all this talk, the beast comes waddling in this morning, which thanks, please, for at least telling me what the hell was going on.
That was nice. He was the only one that seemed to know George wasn't coming in and the audio vault wasn't working and we couldn't do this and we couldn't do that.
And Duff was hanging out with a sheep in the parking lot.
But he's telling me that all the scuttle butt at all the sporting events, the ball games and this and that, is about how the other station across the street is like in total this array.
And the PV either got canned or required or whatever.
And the Joe is feuding with Daniel Abaster.
And I said to him, I said, you know, if we would worry more in this place about the problems that we've got, it's because it's always been this way when they put the fan on the air with the mortesides distrata and Jim Birian, all those other losers they had on it.
It's a joke and this thing they got on there, they got Joe and that's it. It's Joe Rosen, a bunch of losers. That's all. So what's the story?
But we always are so worried. It's not important that we succeed, but that the other guys fail. That's the motto of Q&A.
That's not mine. I'm here working hard every day.
Well, me too. I show up. I may not show up a lot, but at least I show up when I'm supposed to.
Exactly. George, but in any rate, now George is, you know, he's got issues.
In fact, I can't even go into one of the issues because it has to do with the sponsor.
So I better not do that. But I know what it is. Boy, if I could, oh, brother, what are these days? I'll tell you.
Okay. I certainly can't talk about it.
No, you can't talk about anything.
I know. You keep your nose right on the grindstone. That's all I want to tell you.
On the rumor was the rumor was that the beast was passing along. Not that the beast would pass rumors.
You understand the rumor was that Joe Rose is suspended around a virgin being suspended for a row saying Rippin will backstored on the air or something.
Another time now.
Well, huh? Another P Val.
Yeah, another another P Val. Yeah. P Val, my ass. I understand. He must have naked pictures of somebody of the stewards or some people somewhere.
Well, he goes to his suspensions or months of the time. It's like I understand.
But it's always the same thing. It's always the white powder. You know what's amazing about him? No problem.
Huh? You know, it's amazing though. When he comes back, he's lost nothing in terms of his writings.
Oh, he's a great writer. I'll give him that. But, you know, maybe John Wayne Gacy was a great artist too.
I don't know. I never checked out those paintings, but who cares? All right, Neil. He's a slime ball.
So I'm going to learn a two horse race. If the one horse was secretary and the other one was chicken picker.
Oh, don't let start with that horse racing stuff. Okay, that'll be the end of me. I got enough problems already.
All right. You have a good day. You too. Have a good show.
I lose too much. What day is it? Let's see. It's a day. It's a day's football work.
Well, that's right. The dolphins and the jets on Sunday.
I have two shows to do one to one. I understand it, but I'm just thinking ahead about that.
I just thought it was just that's big. See, that's a no lose proposition for some of us, especially Patriot fans,
because one of those two teams is going to show their true colors on, or maybe they'll both show their true colors on Sunday.
Even be a scoreless tie. I don't know if the jets are that bad. We'll see.
They can't possibly be as bad as they play last week. That's right.
The dolphins we know are the team that you saw in the first hand. Make no mistake about that.
All right. I'm at no. Wow. Talk about the old pregnant paws. Have a great day.
And you and the plunger guts out. Okay. Okay. See.
Well, he is better helps you with really good disaster strikes. We are at our best, but we're ready all the time because the deckers don't rest.
Your federal emergency management agency of Annette and in your main pieces of filthy white bush loyalist criminal craft is pleased to inform all victims of Katrina.
We now care about you to show how much we value you in life. We now offer you.
The theme of car. Each theme card has a pretty term in spending limit of 300 to $2,000 and you can withdraw the cash at any
affordable ATM if you can find one while Halliburton up scams at $59 billion gift on the promise of rebuilding your city.
Your fee card will give you more loot to boot. Each card will get a stamp with every purchase made.
10 stamps will get you a free cup of coffee and scoogins. So what's in your wallet? Get in line now. All cards available on a first come first serve basis. Oh wait a minute.
What was that? Oh, and we're not offering them anymore. So if you can hear this, never mind.
Just just float away. It's 10.09 and what do I tell you about that bathroom break bit we get a story that we got on our website?
It just floated away. It's just no floating right to the top like a lot of other things. It floated right to the top. 102 people read that already.
It's only been on there like just a few minutes right? Right. Well there you go. So if we just we just we just I was discussing before the show today.
If we just put the F word in every story we would have on a website. We probably have a thousand reads on every story every day because the most widely read story that may be the highest we've ever had.
I don't know. I haven't checked all those stats but the story about the chainy being told to go F himself and got for Mississippi.
That had like almost 800 reads which is a lot on our website. I used to be great website when we had to make a pictures on here. That really is just deflating and aggravating to me but then I can't change human nature.
The way it is. They want to see naked pictures. They want to see flesh and they want four letter words. So if every story for example the metal and not me a metal and oh here.
You more read down story that I read yesterday a fatal in curiosity about Bush if it said a fatal F in curiosity I guarantee instead of like 94 reads right now there'd be like 600 already.
Oh at least double it. Yeah or instead of Reuters runs bathroom break note on wire if it said Reuters runs note Bush says have to take a wicked crap or even the SH word on it.
We have like 10,000 people would have viewed that already but you can actually see the note and the Josh asked the interesting question that is how did they get that picture somebody was taking photos over Bush's picture there to you when probably Kofi and in fact he's probably got some other notes that he wrote that we haven't seen yet he's going to be bargaining using those as bargaining chips as opposed to cow chips.
Yeah your president had to take a while we don't know if it was a one or two or three yesterday it's a you win and you can understand that that has been nervous because when you're going IQ is smaller than your digit it's pretty obvious that you're going to be pretty nervous.
Let's see here's today's good news from Iraq George is out today is Miguel there are you just I'm here okay just not going to say much now I'm going to go to bathroom breaking a while.
Go ahead now where are you sitting are you in the control room or is what's the deal today no he didn't have tea.
Oh what I said are you in the control room see the control room is the room where Josh usually sits right that's where you are yes that's what I just said yes I don't want to read too many stories because Miguel is in there if I do that I'll get
nothing with grief and I did the poll today about the radio personalities I figured I better do it now we've done it a long time ago better do it now before all of us die who remember any day when radio was great radio now is a piece of garbage you know it's crap and believe me I know that because I work on this station
and like I said to Hank if they worry a hell of a lot more about you know getting the things right that we're doing like the equipment and stuff like that and keeping the place on the air and not having a bunch of squeaky voice people on here all the time we need to wait a
bit as opposed to worrying about the other guys failing the other guys are a joke the guys before we're a joke the guys in the middle were a joke the fox and they're all long gone and he's got oh by the way Carl bananas fostering on the year anymore I'm 1,400 does anybody care does anybody know who
that was no but I will say this he got more ink than the rest of us put together because unless you do in a sports show in this town little Tommy you don't get any
ink nobody writes anything about what's happening in radio just just the people are right about the sports nerd crap Carl foster on 1,400 is going to challenge you yeah right he's gone this means
to that passing 10 13 at 5 60 WQM happy Thursday today we got Curtis and Joseph Gaki following Mo they're going to be in for Gellie they have for our ad dog or Gellie who was going to be in for mad dog we just can't get our lineup
a straight and do her keen hotline at 7 Marlins on decades 7 30 4th and final game of the Marlins asteris and of course the asteris or said weren't scoring any runs they made up for a big time last night
why do you have to do that well I just didn't save them up I guess for rainy day eight o'clock 805 the game time educate after the game so it's a big game because now the Phillies are pounded the crap out of Atlanta last night Phillies look like they're serious they're starting to take this seriously serious and sort of like tied with the Marlins am I right about that right well we'll see this weekend you know for the wild car lead and well
know it's going to be a huge series and I tell you that yesterday they're going to be like 80,000 people in every game it's going to be going to be standing no seriously going to be packed in there I would think right well it's your choice you need to go watch the Marlins in the Phillies in the series of the year or you can sit around
watch the dolphins get the crack picked out of body a jet on Sunday that's going to be really ugly and get baby my husband and I are alike in so many ways except of course in the bathroom I'm in and out in a flash but Bill I do
give me about 20 minutes I got a real burn burner going here I like a nice hard seat but my husband want something he can really dig into we tried cushions pillows even toilet paper nests but nothing worked then we discovered the seat number toilet the seat number toilet is the first ever customizable
come out by adjusting the resistance level to your exact personal preference you will experience a whole new level of can comfort I'm a number 24 I'm a number 71 for number two you can change your seat number anytime you want after our vacation in
Mexico I had to bump it up to 175 you feel the difference in just five movements this is more comfortable than my recliner now I never want to get off the
high there's a reason why they call it a throne the seat number toilet you'll never poo poo bathroom comfort again there's Rob Marciano getting soaked again in the North Carolina standing out in the rain and that's what happens when you
stand out in the rain you get soaked or you take good care of yourself there Rob and get back inside that's what wolf was hucking with him yesterday and
the huck him it wasn't reporting from inside in the first place don't we know that if you stand out there in a hurricane of feeding it you're going to get like blown around in the rain
all over you like soaked and look like you just came in from the end of the world yeah that's why you know that when they're out on the beach and they tell you not to come out to the
be yeah nobody's supposed to be out here but we're out here because we're big macho reporters and we want to show you just how brave we are I'd like to see one of those guys not him because I like Rob
Marciano I'd like to see one of those guys get killed right on the air when it be great Christian that works probably we'd like to see that
to get a 90's share they could replay it a thousand times an hour here's somebody who facts it some smart ass he says can I take a bathroom break well guess
what no any like that and also his good news is I've hit the mow monkey a record three hundred and 15 miles an hour have a good day well guess what congratulations get
alive yeah that's my response well you keep on working on okay keeps pranking at thank here's the good news from Iraq two suicide
car bombers struck within a minute of each other just to half mile apart in South Baghdad today killing at least
seven more policemen and raising today's bombing death toll in the capitol to release 31 other words
So I'm 30, man.
Earlier today, a suicide car bombing
killed 16 policemen and five civilians in the same neighborhood,
signaling a new round of violence just today
after residents suffered through Baghdad's bloodiest day of the war.
At least 160 people were killed in 570 wounded yesterday,
and more than a dozen bombings, which the terror group Al Qaeda
and Iraq claim responsibility for.
Many of the victims who were day laborers
learned by a suicide attacker,
poising as an employer,
there was no media claim for the Thursday bombings.
And that's a pretty good idea.
Why don't we just put a sign outside the door there,
it says hiring, huh?
Yeah.
At QA, we know when they come to the door,
we do this to surplus population.
There you go.
In fact, maybe some of the people coming back from lunch
who already worked there.
Yeah.
Some of a lot of problems for us.
I'd say that right now.
Miguel's going to give you a list of people
he'd like to see blown away in the building.
He's writing it right now.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Too bad Doreen is still around.
I guarantee she'd be right at the top of the list.
Now, why did you have such a bug up your ass
about Doreen?
Is that just because she was fat?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, right.
It's so full of crap, man.
All these people got a big mouth off the air
and then a minute they have a chance.
What did I ever say out there?
You hate her like poison, liar.
You like Doreen?
They used to chase your ass around in a hallway?
Literally.
Okay.
No comment.
It's only a four hour show.
I'm not going to sit here and just wait forever.
Another good reason when Miguel fills in,
just keeping quiet.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
What's your favorite sound or drop in on the old show?
Well, look at what one.
About third, man.
188.
Part sounds.
I want to back.
183 was a close second.
It was right on the other ones.
Asked, but any could have happened.
I thought one was coming in that bit that you played.
What bit was that?
The one that I played with.
Yeah.
Toilets, you bit.
I have my hand on the button.
I got a news for you.
Do you have any idea how many bits I can put in?
In fact, I'll play one for you right now
if you want to dump it in.
It's not really worth the effort.
Let me just see what the name of it is.
Because it blows a big, big, big one.
Jeez.
Oh, yeah, a fart stomino.
Access Hollywood, fart stomino.
That's a real bit in the middle of it
just like blows heavy duty wind, as opposed to like raspberry
like that, which isn't really a fart thing.
See, let's instruct you the difference between a raspberry
and a real fart.
Maybe we need to have like a fart referee
to decide whether we've gone over the line.
Who's going to get suspended next?
Anyway, 183 people want the fart sounds back desperately.
Make your own fart sounds.
There you go.
Hop into an elevator and just work on it.
You ferry.
You ferry.
110.
95.
Do do do do do do.
83 for.
I'm dying on the air.
Absolutely correct.
76 for that.
Oh, right.
60 for mad dog in the air.
Oh, right.
It puts the lotion into basketball for Bill 47.
No fags in the church 42.
The American F and way 39.
The old tube.
32.
32 people in the sotions like this.
Shoe.
I think probably more than that.
The guilty squeak.
31.
You bitch.
You slut.
You whore has got.
3rd man.
Also.
Oh, he's got.
3rd man.
28 votes for.
Correct them.
They all suck 22.
22 people that we like to come right here house and beat you bloody with a 2x4 with 17
rusty nails in it.
How do you like that?
Just to show you how disgusted we are with your negativity.
They all suck.
That's the generic everything sucks to vote.
2022 though.
Out of 1300 and some odd.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
21.
Out of the dice man.
21.
Guilty and 21.
Long me $50.
I was 18.
Howard David's a bit 16.
15.
15.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
And so is
American we're scared.'
Mad Dog you turd six I have no life I have no life six. I'm a homo the Humperer
saying I'm a homo five mode doing Jesus Christ five. In fact, we're gonna have a picture of that on a website mode doing Jesus Christ
Rock solid rock solid five grab my junior honey for where the flagship station to Humper for the
Tinky Winky which I don't know how you
Yeah, four Gilbert laugh for yeah, he's a real funny guy not takes the Lord for
God bless America mad dog panties in the G string three Buffalo Bill and
Bird three
Jersey and is now three David Samson we did it too and Greg hates you had a peer and I'm sure George voted for
So that's we saw some yesterday is pulled and like I said if you go to our website near Rogers dot com
Why don't they just end these damn hearings already and cut the crap cut to the chase?
Okay quit waste all this valuable time
They could be we're showing reruns of Gillian Zylin and honor a Bob Denver who just quote anything on there as
opposed to this crap it's a dog and pony show he's in okay like him or not he is in even with those very very suspicious
Eyes the eyes have it baby John Roberts is in he's the next William Rincquist and perfectly so I think because this is all this is all
Bull crap don't you think this is all a pile of crap he's feeding them of course she is it's on CNN yeah
Well, that's right if it's on certainly not news it must be crap and it's also on the arena Cosby network now and a good news
Is about Rita Cosby that she's got the second lowest numbers of any of the top and head shows at night the only one lower is mother
Tucker Carlson that they shoved back to 11 o'clock at night so they could put her
Agriass on there and of course he's on 11 o'clock so there who would be awake at that hour anyway
So that means if you if you take him out of the equation she's got the lowest numbers and rightfully so what a horrible
She can't speak she looks like crap on two legs under that she's great Rita Cosby catcher on the Emma used to be the MSNBC
Network horrible awful just like the guys across the street when they wonder why they didn't show up in the last trend
Turn on your station and listen to it okay that should explain to you why you have nobody listening
20% except of course for the people of QA and
It's just like when the fan was on here. Am I right?
The only people who were listed that station were the people from QA and they're talking about it a lot and was I right Miguel when they had the
Whatever that station was 5090 we were their only fan. Yeah, that's right
We were their only elite least news because it's a part of the Greg Rita obsession the sports near all one
They want what are they doing now and they're trying to hire this one and we're gonna sue them right by the way don't overpay both camper
Agreg
You call this big market radio you bitch you slut you wore
Everybody
A countable for everybody drown that drown by the human being
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a round nose and I know where to point it
There was no rules to get them safe
They don't go to public and anyway, I did everything
Possibly can show my support for the crew
Oh
Rector of people when I put forward and a wiser be schemer and a clue list other but did
It's just around those in the bridge
It is big round nose and the bridge
New Orleans is wiped out and gone
But W said I did one heck of a job and it's your pays on to be a crown in another white face
Christian
Falling the national god
It's down there now
With all is just a hit the press out of town everybody go home
There's nothing to see
Everything here is big cheap pain over hurricane gave us a big EC
For you can social engineering like a giant republic in 20
Bruce Jesus
Who's our Lord and King
I don't believe compassion what we lack it serves the right to have less blacks and you
Descenters who say it's a national disgrace they shouldn't have the black in the first place
This is no time to blame you the blame game since we know that every means are called by
A
And I'll keep going down and keep my nose brown.
I'm a negligent birder now.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose brown.
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
The sea on the queue is boy and down.
My car is fast, my keep is shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding.
Okay now what point are we gonna have to like stop playing?
You know you'll have to let me know.
Here I am, at a famous school.
I'm dressed in sharp and I'm acting too.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my face.
Well better do all the work and maybe later I'll be the role god.
I am the American dreamer.
I do not think I'm too sweet.
Okay, that's all right.
Okay, I'm gonna up, yeah.
Never can bail out too soon with things are going these days man.
That's the perfect lead into our poll today.
And once upon a time we could actually play the whole damn thing.
Okay, well the people streaming will enjoy it.
Okay, that's a good point.
That great idea, we're just gonna play all the restricted stuff
and then the people who can listen online will enjoy all of it.
And you'll just get busy on the dump button.
Give me something to do in there while I'm reading all these stupid stories.
Please.
Huh?
There you go.
You can play a duck junior, you can sit there with all your dump buttons and punch it.
Other than the reason I'm doing this poll like I said is because most of these personalities
back in the day when radio was really great.
When I had personalities who were entertaining, who had talent, who were fun, who really had a following.
As opposed to just this generic four companies that don't every damn station in the country
and keeps spewing out all the same crap.
Here's Rush, here's Dr. Laura, here's this one, here's that one, the same garbage.
You know, it's pathetic.
Here's Al Franken.
Other than correct QA employees, who is your all time favorite radio personality,
I made a list that I thought was pretty good, although I'm sure that the audience has always
had some others that you know.
Howard's sterren 79 and as a matter of fact, I really didn't need to tell the audiences
but it was just a brain fart on my, I made this whole long list and I'm sitting there this morning on the throne
and it just dawns on me like a little bulb on off over my head.
Christ almighty, I left off sterren, I left off I'mus.
Not that I'mus is gonna get any votes.
I left off Paul Harvey.
How can you have a good day if you leave off Paul Harvey and I left off the grease man.
So I came rushing right in here and I said and next voice I heard was the beast.
I'm sorry.
I beg your pardon?
I said that's good because I wasn't here.
Well no, you weren't supposed to be there at that hour.
There was like a 20 after eight and then I found out that George decided to screw off today.
George isn't sick, don't worry about that.
He's just, although the guy he actually has a little cold also.
Yeah, right.
On top of everything else, a little cold one.
I think he's got a little cold.
I'm from sitting on the throne too long.
The good news is he finally watched my DVD last night that I sent him a great expense to me and he enjoyed it a lot.
And then he tells Josh he might actually watch it again today since he's at home doing nothing waiting for people to show up.
I know you want to leave me.
So I'm glad he enjoyed it.
Okay, here's what we got so far.
Sterren, and if I left him off any longer, you know damn well what, oh you left Howard off and there are purpose.
No, I didn't because we do he's going to win by far.
Sterren 81, Phil Henry's got 61 second place for the Philmiser.
Are you sure you did the voice in that movie?
Whatever that movie was that I watched.
Oh, a team America world police.
Yeah, suds cloned in 51.
Now I could say something about that because I like suds a lot personally, but I won't say anything.
A Randy wrote 34, although the interesting part about that suds has got 51 votes and Rick Riley.
I'm scrolling down.
I'm scrolling down.
I'm scrolling down.
Where the hell is he?
You see it?
Full.
He's got full?
Yeah full.
51 to 4.
And this is the same Rick Riley that made sure every time they sent a contract that suds got about 50 cent and it ripped out all of my treated him like crap.
Nice going to Rick.
No wonder he hates you like poison.
Randy wrote 34, the goddess.
Where was it?
Joe Rose 26 who made good suspended a day because he's picking on that labanstered over there.
See, I think if they start suspended people, that's just they rip off.
It's just a carbon copy suspension.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Micah into 2017 and of course, thanks suspensions aren't supposed to be on the year.
I think tomorrow I'm going to start telling you all about all these differences suspensions that were supposed to be top secret.
Just like Berkeley in that top secret I found out about this morning.
Hey Berkeley don't ever come in at study.
We're going to talk to me.
You're off my list.
You're out.
Wolfman Jack 12, the grease man 10 who not only was in DC for a long time and keeps getting kept getting canned.
I don't know if he's still on the year anywhere.
But was also on the ape in Jacksonville way way back in the day, the big ape Paul Harvey 9, washes got 9.
That's pretty sad.
Ricky Tiki Shaw 9.
Al Franken's got 8.
Larry Lujek got 6.
I voted for Larry.
It was between Larry Lujek and Dick Purt and I voted for Larry.
Cousin Brucey 6, even though Larry's a real piece of crap as human being.
Larry King 5, Don I miss 4, dead man in a chair.
Craig Worthing 4.
Rick Riley 4 to suds is 51.
That's embarrassing Rick.
That's pathetic.
Jerry Witsner 3.
The only man I ever met in my life who had a comedian hair piece.
Bill Calder 3, Murray the K, Murray Kaufman 2.
Dick Beyondy 2, Dick Purt and 2.
Lot of people like Dick.
Danny Grim 2, Larry Glick 2, Big Wilson 2, Alan Burke 1.
Bruce Williams 1, Greg View Del had 1.
Greg voted already.
They hate you, Greg.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
Look at that 386 votes already.
Did Josh, we got a shot of 400 today.
Carl the Suits from WBZ in Boston, none.
Arne Ginsburg, none.
Dave Vayner, none.
All those Boston people, none.
Alan Courtney, none.
Steve Kane, none.
Jerry Williams, none.
Bruce Bradley, none.
Alice Rantell, none.
And Johnny Dark had none.
Now if you want to challenge me there, let's see how fast the finger is.
Okay.
Let's see.
Johnny Dark, just a minute.
Johnny Dark said.
See?
I like you.
Why?
It's a worthy old power people on this poll.
Johnny Dark.
Yeah, how about Don Cox, Reston P.
Let's get his name on there.
Okay, they're going to, how about Bill Tanner?
Well, look, I just started the thing.
This is just a starter list.
I didn't want to put everybody that I worked in a business on there.
Who else?
Albee Silk?
Okay.
Albee Gone, by the way, I think is what I heard.
Albee Gone.
He'd be gone.
Yeah.
Albee Silk, you can put him on there.
I don't think he's going to get any votes.
Not from Arkrod.
But you can put Don Cox on there.
What about Sonny Fox, huh?
What about Sonny Fox?
Okay.
100 RMX.
How about somebody we're talking about this morning?
Scott Arill.
Scott from Alble, I'm John Lewis, okay?
Oh, speaking of Sonny Fox, how about...
Hi, this is Sonny Fox.
I have a sonia Roger, because I can hear the word.
Yeah, we can't play anything.
Oh, brother, it's a sad day.
It's really sad.
18 to 11, but the check's still clear.
At 5.60, QA, don't forget that moment.
It's two of my close personal buddies.
This is the real Rocky, or Gopal?
This is 5.62 AF.
Guy, f***ing blow!
Ah!
I went to golf and straining camp.
I asked Nick Sabin, who will it be?
Will it be AJ?
Will it be Sage?
Here's what Nick said to me.
Oh, dogs for a, for a, for a,
or starting QB will be.
I think we'll have victorys
with the dogs for a,
just you wait and see.
I saw an exhibition game
watching him play was like a bad dream.
Yes.
I saw him fumble, he dropped the ball.
It made me want to scream.
Gus for a, big guy.
You fairy.
Whatever it is you need.
Your offense has gone to sea.
Uh-huh.
With for a, for a.
He can't score to do.
Gus for a, for a.
Maybe I could do.
If you play for a.
You will be sorry.
Absolutely.
10.49 at 5.62 AF.
Put Steve doll on the list.
Somebody says Steve doll, the A.A.
L who used to be really big in Chicago.
And then of course he lost it one day.
He had Steve last syndrome.
We just woke up one day and couldn't throw a strike.
Steve doll.
I never actually heard him.
My way is good.
I heard him.
It was really bad.
But then you know me.
Mr. Costick.
Richard Brooklyn says how about putting Lionel on the list?
Lionel's got a pleasant voice.
Yeah, Lionel.
Let's put him on there.
Who of course started at WSU in Tampa,
where we just talking about yesterday and about
blah, blah, blasters started with old blah, blah.
Or Mike in the mad dog from WFA in New York.
Well, Mike in the mad dog sounds like two people to me,
which it is.
St. John, how do we put that on there?
I mean, it's.
I know it's a show, but that's not the question.
See Rick and Sus was a show too, but then we put them on separately.
If I just checked only moments ago, yes.
Okay.
Well, whatever you want to do, you want to put them on separately?
We can do that.
Well, what was Mike's name?
How about I find out?
How about I find out?
I don't know.
You'll find some creative way to put them both on there.
I don't know.
But put Lionel on there because Richard Berkman says, don't ever change.
Okay.
Don't ever change your underwear.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
Somebody says, depth of forest for the pool.
That's what the B said this morning when he came in.
How about Thiefo?
And I said, oh, yeah.
Right.
So let's get him on there, Jeff DeFlorist.
Also, the question from Pedro is, what happened with Big Dog and Dan La Bastia?
How the hell do I know?
Like, even if I were there, I'm going to listen to that crap.
I don't know.
All I know is allegedly the rumor is that they're feuding and they hate each other like poison.
And that Joe allegedly really ripped them and asked on a year.
Allegedly, I don't know.
Maybe they're just desperate looking for some publicity.
And Joe is on the verge of getting suspended but haven't worked for Greg Reed.
He's used to it.
Now, speaking of the dolphins, the reason I play that bit,
did you see about their season ticket sales?
No.
I bet you're McGell has because he's got the, oh, and by the way, has anybody got their Panther tickets yet?
Now, I get those directly from the Panthers.
And I have to wait for Ray Perry, who of course is always the day late in $40 short.
But...
Can I be like those dolphin tickets?
I beg your pardon?
Yeah, like the dolphin tickets that they already paid me for that you're not going to get.
Too bad.
The fact McGell is probably rubbing his legs together.
We're excited about the fact you're not going to get them because he used to get them.
He's smiling.
Yeah.
And by the way, next to baseball season, they'll go take all the, that's why we didn't give him a chance to do that this year.
That's why he's real quiet.
He's pissed off that we didn't run steel 90% of the Marlon tickets this year.
That's not true.
What?
Yeah, there are a lot of missing for the last series is coming up.
There's what I've been told.
Not by me.
But nevertheless, I don't care.
You guys fight over all of that crap. I don't care.
I could take them.
Dolphin season ticket sales lowest in 11 years.
Oh my God.
I like that.
The Wantset era has put a real cabash on that organization.
And I think we got away from them just in time especially for a $4.5 million a year.
Otherwise, they understand that Jimmy Cifalus is doing one fantastic job.
Now, did either of you hear the game on Sunday?
Yeah, I'm trying not to.
I told you.
But if you ever give your opinion, what about McGell?
I'm already almost swimming in.
Yeah, I heard some of it.
And I like Joe.
I'm just kidding.
What?
Like Joe.
Don't like Jimmy.
Okay.
Now, that's not personal.
We like both of them personally because they're both good guys.
I don't even know Jimmy.
Well, I know Jimmy Cifalus here.
I had him on my show years ago and I was on his TV show.
And he was always very nice to me.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fairy.
When it comes to Dolphin season ticket sales, the hiring of Nick Sabin and his coach wasn't enough to overcome the aftermath of the franchise's 4 and 12 record last season.
Well, you know the South Florida crowd.
They're not real fans.
They're front-running phonies.
If your team goes O and 16, man, you got to be there, baby.
Oh, and speaking of phonies, look at what's happening with the Pittsburgh and the penguins.
They signed that Kid Sydney Crossbeard is supposed to be the next rescue, of course.
And they went out and they got some real players.
And all in Mario's sign for another year, he signed himself.
How do you like to deal like that?
Of course, the organization owes him millions of any of these.
He said, yeah, I'm going to pay myself three million this year.
Which isn't really all that much for a superstar like Mario.
But nevertheless, when you like to be able to do that, say, well, this year I'm going to pay myself whatever you want to pay.
But anyway, yes, the penguins are selling tickets hand over fist.
And they're praying that the heaven Sydney Crossbeard will help them to have a real big season so that Pittsburgh will cut loose and build a maneuver in which they desperately need.
That's the only way to keep that franchise going.
Now, they built the pirates in New Stadium. They still suck and they're not thrown flies.
They built the Steelers in New Stadium.
Right. Right.
Now, I don't know nothing about hockey, but isn't the Pittsburgh penguins? They're pretty good, right?
No.
Oh, no.
The penguins, the last couple of scenes have been like a girl's team, kind of like the dolphins, little girl's team.
They did win back-to-back Stanley Cups, but that's ancient history, you know?
I see.
Long ago when it had Mario with Yager and that crowd back then, Ronnie Francis, Arlene Francis.
But anyway, don't get, and I see this is a little sabotage.
He's probably getting paid off by the other team now.
By the other, the ticket. Start with a hockey talk.
What I've tried to tell you is stay away from the hockey talk here.
In fact, what were you not here?
Was that a promo for Gellie yesterday who was filling in for the mad dog desperately trying to talk hockey and he could tell.
He didn't have a call or way. There was nobody listening.
Go ahead.
Yeah, he was listening.
The Doiman.
The dolphins sold 53,422 season tickets for this year, which is a drop of over 5,000 from last season.
And the team is lowest total since 1994, which is the reason they almost suffered the embarrassment of not having the first game on TV, the first, at least season a home opener on TV.
Like that one-any-guy that called a punk.
Almost got blacked out.
And the only reason they got it is because Labor Day convinced, you know, we had a holiday on that Monday so the league gave an extra day.
Otherwise, black went and got blacked out. Pretty embarrassing.
The drop was expected, but less than 189, which is the last time that dolphins came off a losing season.
Season ticket sales that year declined by nearly 10,000 after that often, instead of 6 and 10, 88.
South Florida don't want to lose her, okay?
Now speaking of hockey is, I told you we ought to talk about it a lot.
Panthers are going to have a good season this year that are going to probably win their division and definitely make the playoffs.
I guarantee it.
I'll tell you Alan Cohen's life on it. They're going to make the playoffs this year.
And as a result, maybe they'll draw a few people.
We'll see.
The decision to bring back TL back Ricky Williams following one year drug suspension also might have contributed to the fall in season ticket sales.
How do you like that?
Now wouldn't you have thought it would have been the other way around?
Yeah, that doesn't make sense.
At a Tuesday meeting of the Miramar Pemberpines Chamber of Commerce, Pemberpines Mayor Frank Ordis said he dropped this season tickets because of the message that Williams returned sent to the city's police officers and others who gave anti drug encouragement to children.
Oh, geez, Frank.
A little of that ganja, man. What's wrong with that?
God, almighty. He got all these other guys doing roids and stuff.
What a pain in the ass that is because Ricky smokes a little.
You know, I see that. I would have thought it was because of the fact that he stiffed the team and they turned them on and took him back.
That would be what would have pissed me off that attitude about really desperate.
We'll take him back.
I mean, on a positive side, I think it's important.
I'm not buying that that's the reason that the season tickets are down.
I'm thinking, well, I want to report this guy said the mayor of a Pemberpines.
What would you expect from me? He's probably 100 years old.
On the positive side for the fish premium seat sales and sponsorship revenues have increased by 10% from last season.
Let's hear it from Wayne. He needs the money badly.
Oh, thank God for Wayne. We don't want to get him. We get all bent out of shape and pissed off again.
Look at that. I missed a life spot on the longer. Better get that baby out.
By the way, Berkeley, while I'm looking for this spot, I just want to mention I'm onto you.
You phony, you phony, baloney. You can stay away, which I would prefer.
But don't make up stories. Okay. Because the truth always comes back to me.
See, there are a lot of people in that building. They play fast and loose with the truth.
And they think, oh, well, I will just say, oh, he's up there.
As a matter of fact, now more than ever, I have a whole bunch of spies working for me.
And whatever the hell is going on, especially with that sales department, believe you me, I find out.
Am I right? That's right.
So what I found out this morning was a, and of course, he's going to wind up getting screwed over anyway because of it.
So too bad, Berkeley, you lose. I just can't wait until she blows off that last account that she inherited.
That's the only one she's got. She'll wait 1057 at 560 WQA. And here's your last chance to save thousands out of brand new Ford from Armstrong Ford at Homestead.
They've always treated everyone like family. Now they want to extend their offer. You didn't join their family.
Ford nationally has extended their Ford family plan offer through September the 30th.
About 30, man.
And right now at Armstrong Ford at Homestead, you can get the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families get.
And not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
And for a limited time with any new car purchase, you still can get yourself a color TV for free.
So with all of these things, what did you possibly be waiting for?
Pick up that phone right now. I don't think we put that on the poll of it, do we?
What? I'm the drop-ins?
Farmer these things.
No, we did. That's a good one too.
We'll have to redo it.
This has been The O'Rodger's show.
We'll take a picture.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Well, I started losing my hair. I lost my confidence too. I tried Rokane, but it didn't do a thing for me.
When Rokane doesn't work, try Rokane.
No mogane is scientifically proven to grow you a full thick helmet of hair, just like mall from the free stockings.
After using mogane for just three weeks, my hair grew in as thick as Moa's.
More important, I got my confidence back too. Now I'm more assertive.
Try your mogane today.
I shall up your lame brain. I was talking.
What did you say?
I said tell it. Knock it.
Oh, my eyes. Why are you all right?
You're what a what?
My eyes are too hard to handle.
Oh, my God. See that?
I'm going to take that.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Ladies and gentlemen, today we'll have an ambulance and a twig of toilet paper used other than the busher Vanguard call.
I'm not sure we can afford it.
We're going to use theianderologist 얼�ers照.
I think yay old Mexican readers, I wait for you.
and he's and does he look at the square and say hey brownie you didn't help a job
it's brownie brown that's for our buddy Ron brownie uh... dolphin top
graph break brownie your pick you're doing a uh... heck of a job that was a
slip of the time
Milwaukee gets its first vanish language station this is for Miguel who just
all excited about the fact that his people are taking over the country but
nevertheless it's not your people you know who this is uh... mexican yeah
uh... did you hear that huh with this thing that hate the content
uh... mexicans
veners
next media energy his spatic radio market with the launch of Milwaukee's first
Spanish language radio station
regional mexican w ex t
one or four point seven and a hundred and the
i have no idea what that's supposed to mean the big one
uh...
the big one
but it's too it's uh...
yeah but trying to be creative
i see
on mexican independence day September sixteen
all the most mexican independence day all right
i don't know that
the station they dropped its extreme country presentation in the Milwaukee
business general reports is currently silencing classic rock sister
k i i i l connocia was gotten secure
the new like randy will be a programming provided by
boost us media
who's like randy format features ranchero
there tenio
group arrow
banda and uh... kumbia music
for the kumbia
kumbia
target eighteen to four and a little
what is all of that garbage
uh... who she could she i think would sum it up real well
but it's a picture of it i think i need a bathroom break question mark
now that that's interesting when he writes he writes i i'm reading it
verbatim
i think i may need a bathroom break question mark
now he's a no or does he know you know he has to ask if everything's okay
would you put it if you were writing that if you were in the same shoes you
were like a gun to get up and address the leaders of the entire world
and beyond worldwide television on the satellite wouldn't you put like a
uh... exclamation or period as opposed to question mark
it's kind of like he's asking for her permission
what the bathroom path
yeah it's it's kind of like just short of his raising his hand as if by the
say okay now leave the room please pretty please
with that kind of the is a please
by the way that bitch
here's a fact that says how about the booster okay let's put the booster on
there
we have to
we see now there you go holding a grudge just because he works at the other
joint because of the fact that he's good buddies with the master
and Josh
he's good buddies with Josh that's right i forgot about that marlin connection
when he made a bad mistake not to care what Josh says Josh is going to give me
the same old business now you're wrong he's all over the place on espn and he's
on espn radio actually i did hear the audio
of one of the red sauce say Yankee was it the red sauce in the Yankees
when last night no no no not last night the few days ago
last weekend i think yes yeah that's right it was red sauce in the Yankees
and i heard the audio on one of the blank channels under my sports package
and it was booked on espn radio and he sounded really good he sounded like he
did when he did the marlin games on this station as opposed to when he's on ESPN
television and he sounds like he's in a telephone booth somewhere
they got to do something with a microphone
well it's just one time right no it was not twice twice he sounded like that
an additional which you can't tell he sounds anyway because buck martina's never
shuts up god why hate that kind
bap bap bap all those all those extracts man it just won't shut up nobody
tunes into broadcast to hear your expertise and all your stupid old funny
that he stories okay nobody wants to hear it buck martina's you jackass you
quizzling you you're right okay now let's take two three hundred calls here
because i don't want to read a lot of these stupid ass stories with McGillard
it's embarrassing and George is there to see George likes it or at least he
hands you like it huh sure he likes it on other words he tells you that he
doesn't like this story is that what do you tell me now okay this is good let's
bring it right out of the open out that George decided to screw off today let's
make them pay a wicked price for it let's hear it
that the way it always goes no actually he does like the stories i argue with
that about a lot of times yeah i argue that i hate him he says shut up no
okay well i'll get actually when i'm not reading anymore all right
he really he really believes it oh man like i'm not taking it i'm gonna program my
show for you just like i'm gonna program it for Tom Jerker okay in fact maybe
you two guys can alope i wrote him that letter that wouldn't surprise me you
and fat boy you always been tight other than current oh i'm gonna read one more
story though you'll like this one out
galtona florida a convenience store worker is admitted urinating into a soda bottle
causing a customer who drank from it to become violently ill his boss is say so
you like this story public supermarkets spokesman dwayne steven said the
accused employee who works at a fixed convenience store in deltona was
suspended after the company learned of the incident this week in fact i heard
that was the rumor that joe row is peed in uh... dental master soda bottle
perfect over it to the ticket that and that's why Joe's gonna get suspended too
and internal investigations being completed land tested by publics on the
contaminated mountain do oh man how do you know the difference when you drink in
mountain do confirm the soda contain urine steven said the supermarket
giant owns the pics chain it's an isolated incident time by one of our
associates even said whatever measures necessary it'll be executed and an
employee will be dealt with or maybe the employee will be executed public
hasn't filed a criminal complaint that the option has not been ruled out steven
said the victim of former with a Daytona Beach construction company became
suspicious after the drink he chugged
he chugged the beverage last week his attorney Daniel Nuland said he vomited three
or four times afterward nuland said who didn't release his client's name
order protect the man's privacy nuland said that upon the advice of an
infectious disease doctor the victim was being tested for diseases such as
gonorrhea and hepatitis c how about hepatitis a that's the Canadian kind
we're hopeful that the person who did this wasn't carrying any sexual
otherwise virus that could cause him harm nuland said unfortunately the
doctors were very concerned and probably his lawyer too very concerned at least
maybe that's why he did it now let me ask you if somebody peed in your
soda and you you could get like 10 million uh you probably would drink it
wouldn't you 10 million yeah yeah he chugged the drink he says forget about the soda
yeah i saw that movie team america and anyway other than curriculum employees who is your
all-time favorite radio personality and here's what we got so far 495 votes we're
gonna have 500 in just a second here we could do a thousand today because
michelle is there because they eat George like poison what or we move to the poll to the top
yeah see oh we want to apologize by the way it's an Eric thing Eric is such a bonehead
Joshua so p-oated Eric man he's told him a million times put the poll and then i
i always have wanted the poll at the top you know put the poll you don't force people in order to
vote on the poll to scroll through 80 million between the stories and 14 cartoons and pictures
of bush taking a dump and slap in mole and all this other stuff uh put it at the top then the
people that want to leisurely take their time and scroll down in addition to which it would seem
to me that i don't know who we have it right now let me take a look before i do the poll let me
just take a puke at it since it is last time i checked it was supposed to be my website even
no Eric okay there you go today's poll and there is right on top nice going right underneath that
nationwide number which i have no reason why we give it out because nobody calls it anyway and
there's uh see we go from the poll and 505 votes to bush one of the worst disaster to the US
which that's cute sky news but um and then mo drag me mo mo is a drag and then he murkered across
the all that other stuff under and then you have to go way out of the story see not good the
stories should be under the pool right i mean let's pretend we got a bunch of intellectuals out
there even no uh now even Miguel don't have nothing against you reading the stories he he wouldn't
know because they don't have anything to do with Cuba right but other than that he has no problem with
your reading as long as i don't read him on a year yeah there's a better chance that they will
read him if they're right out of the pool then you can take your sweet time and go and uh
fiddle around with the pentagon strike which you really ought to check out by the way power of
nightmares parts one and two are expired Eric i just mentioned it and pass the pages are expired
let me check on that i'm just going to click part yeah not found and right after right on the heels
of my encouraging everybody to go back now i don't know if he has a way of recovering that you
should know Josh yes i will get with him we'll fix that yeah i'll fix that up because people
really need to see those not not that they'll look at him but i just mentioned that in passing so
that's the way we would like to format the deal and let's take a look and see the most red story on
our website today Reuters runs bathroom break note on wire two hundred ninety people already
have looked at more than twice as many as the next high story what does that say okay let's take
400 calls here all i'd like i'd also told you yesterday we had the the pre the four-place story
delta and northwest did it they hadn't done it by the time we went off here but they
as a matter of fact i got an email late last night from north west which i happen to be like a
nw a member is that a reply k l m a lot and saying have no fear and don't worry and uh your
reservations are good with us and uh business goes on as usual and yadi yadi and we're a darn dine
over here but nevertheless delta snacks pillows from most of its domestic passengers at northwest
quit offering pretzels they slash thousands of jobs press remaining workers to take pay cuts they
mean negotiated debt and rough money losing flights but it wasn't enough to keep both airlines
out of bankruptcy court both airlines declared chapter whatever yesterday there were times in the
days after Katrina the airline at the northwest was paying nearly a hundred dollars of real for jet fuel
almost double its cost at the beginning of the year delta and northwest both files chapter 11 in
New York yesterday both companies said the timing was just a coincidence became the third and fourth
major carrier center chapter 11 since the 2001 terrorist attacks we are reading the first page
in a thriller that will end either in resurrection or the death and very relevant tire industry as
we know it today said William or Charlotte airline bankruptcy lawyer in New York so pretty
soon if you want to fly somewhere just start flapping your arms real hard this is Neil Rogers your
friend is 5.62.8.
Absolutely it was almost Saturday morning exactly now or but nothing good repair me when I
knocked on Riley's door he was driving he was gonna be in it that need of a shape he was just about
to put a cannon to the microwave I used the bathroom in he said he cared he was
freedom of something so he is under wear I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be
and there was a crucifix a big throw all you see I didn't see acceleration I had good to move along
but I found Jesus in Rick Riley's jaw oh god throw the rig he changed my life upon that faithful
thing cuz by the time I washed my hands I'd washed my sins away now I learned to be intolerant I'll
watch Pat Robertson and although Pat you can't believe it because it runs I'll pretend to be a
stir but my legal days are gone cuz I found Jesus in Rick Riley's jaw oh yeah this note here
that somebody uh crossed out that you just facts me I think they were right yeah goes goes to show
you people who have so little self confidence I think that we have like Shiloh Holmes here even
though it's unsigned uh I said I'm I'm shocked that nobody suggested putting the crow on the pool
what we can do that for last I don't really care but the part that they crossed out it says I think
that the photo shows the president's response to Kanye's request for a pee break the handwriting
is totally different I think he just didn't realize that it was possible that gals can pee too
haha that might be it but if you look at it he's writing in pencil you see and his writing is
entirely different from the printing up above you see that yeah well I mean coming off the pencil
looks the exact same though what do you mean by that the writing that he's you know that the
pencil right cuz because when it gets to the word break then he starts writing you're right
that's right but in the other words because I'm trying to compare the handwriting so I'm trying to
be like a handwriting expert which I'm not a handwriting pervert uh I think I may need a bathroom
is all printed out and then break he starts writing and then the question mark so maybe he had
to like go real bad at that point no and that's really because you can write faster than you can print
right when it maybe it started to sting now we're talking about a bathroom break or uh STDs
is that what we're talking about well if it knows or if maybe he's maybe somebody said him an STD
will okay to congratulate him on his fine job okay let's take a million calls here okay we've
indedling around and Miguel wants the calls he don't mind any of these stupid ass stories in fact I'm
putting my pile away okay we're just taking calls still to a clock but I don't piece that George
to screw around and take the day off no I see either that or I'm glad he liked the movie we'll just
play music from all day we'll just play uh uh sleeping in the uh shadow is standing in the shadows
of Motown wqym hello yes sir remember my career yeah he's got 23 votes who he did yeah get with it
with a place and wake up good golly even mike at this point is more lia than this guy like I'm
going to leave mike renewing off the pool mike is in the six places we speak with 22 votes great guy
in fact as I look over the pool and I see the uh dead people on there and some of the ones that
are still alive I only wish I could like wave a magic wand to kind of reverse the situation
not that I want to start in with Dan LaBaster anybody like that line nine wqym hey Neil yes sir
here's a question I'm looking at the picture of the president writing the note yeah are you ever
unsure if you have to appear or not in other words you either do or you don't this and I say why
is there a question mark therapy and why is it out of period and if not even a question it's not
just a question but I may need to go to the park yeah what the hell by the way I'm an internet
exclusive listener issue when you play bitch you're not supposed to is one of the best radio really
oh it's great when I play bitch I'm not supposed to win a hell of that or you mean when we have to
dump something yeah when he dumps something but I we get the full effect on that's what you have to
do maybe he had to dump something that's his specialty okay thanks a lot of Kelly that's his
specialty man is crap crap is us five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon
and the singular wireless lines wqym hello hey do yes sir put Paul and Ron on the pole Paul
no Paul and Ron which one which one when I put them both on there how about Paul
okay you put Paul still himself on there okay all right now you notice he didn't ask he's like
give me directions put him on there that's okay I can handle it I'm used to getting abused Paul
cashed around the put him on him he's got those big numbers which goes to prove when you have no
competition you always put a throw in a better number when Stern was on here you couldn't find
Paul he's number with a with a search party kind of like that ticket across the street in the last
trend man just vanished just disappeared maybe that's why they're getting certainly in
starting vickering inside you know it I don't doubt it could be that's what happens when you
start going down the old cube wqym hello qa m yeah hi Neil yes sir how you doing this Paul great great
that was a suggestion for the Marlins yeah they should go to FEMA the free emergency money for
anything hello nifty is that good or what that was fantastic now to see that's what Miguel wants
he don't like me reading these stupid ass stories about what's going on in the world he wants to
hear a lot more colors with profound statements like that and for that guy was funny then a fart
attack man he was a panic wqym hello yeah I'd like to talk to Neil please speaking hey Neil
my how you doing okay my I just learned something very interesting from the caller the one before
the last yeah the dumb fucking dozens apply to the internet right right so we should all be
listening to the internet I mean I never knew that before wow I mean we could
choice choice by listening on the internet instead of the radio yeah wouldn't that be well then
maybe maybe we'll just do the show on the internet how's that man and people know that I didn't
know that because that's the best part of the show okay okay by take care we love you that's the
best part of the show is when we have to dump something according to this guy of course he doesn't
hear it so how does he know it's the best part of the show I don't understand it but Miguel says man
there you go there's my evidence no I want you to look at that picture again and I'm sure they
will over and over again now we're going to get a lot of hits on there now I have like four
thousand reads they're going to examine it like Sherlock Holmes get out a magnifying glass get out
of spyglass and spy it for just a second I had myself convinced in that but then you pointed out
the the last word break he starts into the writing you know and of course with his mental acuity
I really doubt that he could like go from the printing to the writing back to the printing again
see what I'm saying contains here's that fast I mean that might be a lot of work for him you know
I think you're right I think as the pressure is building he starts writing faster as the urgency is
it's the biggest movie of the year from the director of Duke's of hazard those rights come
over just like a Simpson stars in I noticed your initials for a double the boobs of hazard
you're the one with the biggest boobs I woke up this morning and I felt like like I boob with the
good sign this seal and your giant new boobs they had a cake in the shape of my boobs thank god
my boobs are like art just like a Simpson in boobs of hazard my boobs made a boy try and
sell me as a quarter of my hand 3D x-ray glasses for the first five rows I'll be done we got almost
600 votes already Josh if we really push it man we can get to a thousand a day during the show
we're gonna do it then what a shot that would be a George you know it well I mean that's got to
be the reason we're getting this tremendous number either that or because we put the pullwear
belongs that's more likely that's right nice go on Eric man you are well you're well
succinct I don't know if you saw that but he moved the stories right after the poll yeah after
I ripped a mask right now what else did you say wasn't working uh the uh parts one and two
on the documentary they're the power of nightmares the pages are expired well they're no longer
available power of nightmares oh no yeah so in other words the whole thing is gone off of there
now we took the whole thing off yeah should be well part three was working I think Jesus Eric
well part three is fixed but I guess I don't know parts reading maybe fixed but you can't find
it because he took the link off right well he told me that it's they're not available so I just
forget about it okay just forget about I think what we're going to do is dismantle the website
staring right now okay we give it a shot here we're trying to put it back together again
now it really is depressing those things we lost I thought maybe we lost you know maybe about 30
30% of the hits on the website when we had to take the naked pictures down the uh be
detergent which we did a fine job on air I'll grant you that but nevertheless and it goes to
show you nobody cares about me gal is right nobody gives a flying crap about these stupid ass stories
oh they love it come on nobody cares about what's going on in the world it's not Florida for
Christ's it's the land of escape people come to Florida get away from all of this crap I mean
why the hell would people in Florida be interested in hurricanes and things like that unless they play
football and from what I heard they evidently didn't play too much last week so they didn't play at
all last week well whenever the hell was week you go Monday well whatever it was see there we go
isn't it picking again but I just don't think I'm well actually that's not true if we just could put
the effort in every story we get over a thousand reads on each one that would make me feel good
that's what I'll do uh for now and I'll change the title for you yeah I would like to in fact
a lot of for example at least a hundred mother scratches killed as bombs explode across effin
a raki uh capital how's that I'll put all the seven words that we can't say effin chaos in a
rack that would get a believe me if you put the effort near that that gets the retention question
time for that effin Roberts north west indelta f and a are going out of that bankrupt stuff like
that anyway let me read the poll and we'll take about two thousand calls we actually got a shot
though I like the fact we got the poll right on top because see that is uh what do we got five 87
how can it only be five eighty seven was five eighty uh four two minutes ago I was going to say if
we get like to about seven hundred by the top there we got a real serious shot of a thousand five
ninety eight like I said six hundred any second man we're doing it and it's because Miguel is in
there pushing all that Cuban crap other than current QM employees who's your on the I guarantee you
could fit the number of Cuban listeners that we have on a show into that into the room where
uh Miguel is sitting you can have a lot of companies speaking your language and have room left
over yeah you're probably right uh huh that you're probably right oh yeah since alien man they
abandoned this show we're we're poison it's kind of like back to the uh merriol boat lift days
bad guy I'm the enemy can't handle the truth even the gallagries about alienito and he he don't
even want to see it no more he don't want to find out whether it's growing or not leave that to
the avuelas fact they're probably still checking it out other than current QM employees who's your
all time for radio personality how are it sir and 120 was there any doubt no how could he be the
king of all media if he couldn't win a poll like this especially haven't been on this station for
a few uh very traumatic months Phil Henry 92 are you sure that's because they're thinking about
the fill that we used to like a lot the fill that does the voice in the team America world police
intelligence suds coolman 62 and it's I think I don't want to say it I think that's more of a shot at
Rick now they like suds personally okay I think George has got them brainwashed now to think
about as suds is fine I like him a lot good guy thanks by the way for the movie suds love you but
get serious uh 62 and Rick Rally has got uh how many is Rick gone uh seven that's bad so that goes
to show you six seven sets like 85 percent of the paycheck you know it says a lot of money Rick
I'd be writing a check right now you grave robber you phony you you fairy uh let's see Randy
wrote 52 how do you like that Joe rose 36 micrinary 24 I love Mike wolf man jack 17 Paul Harvey 14
there's a collar we haven't heard from a long time Paul Harvey Jr. No wonder in a good mood
rush limbaugh 14 Ricky Tiki shot 14 whose politics are probably right in there with rush
al frankin 13 Scott for route 10 grease man 10 same voice Larry lujak 9 I could play one of those
the Larry lujak or just just a little tiny a teeny tiny bit of it if I could find it after all the
Larry king crab oh don't tell me it's not in there must be a little jack your ocarina and little
Tommy lightning has almost struck twice in late forest that's about the squirrel who almost lost his
nuts and anyway Larry lujak 9 done I'm his eight oh brother now takes an awful lot to unspain it
looks better than a live radio show every morning on tv well just about anything but that hasn't
stopped him as in bc from teeming up with radios original bad boy who now looks like an sdol
lady listen Bernie I'm it's how that internist coffee sucks yes every morning see I'm this listen to a
tape of other people's county this why bomb the air I need a hammer to bite into this moment
you somebody to press one blade my ass see his wild behind the scenes at it I also the
easy reverent so I want to deal with the pole he's topical what's the deal with his water
game he's in coherent I'll tell you why that's a government president what
I don't want to raise I'm his 10 years old ring and he's only on ms mbc a cable channel nobody
watches and a bunch of a m radio stations nobody listens to and somebody gets some price jiggle it's
iris and he's got these boats which ain't bad for a dead man in a chair cousin Brucey eight
another dead man with a really bad hair piece in the chair defo's got seven always he'd dynamite
or what Rick Riley seven bill called her seven Steve doll five Maria the K five Maria the
came the swing and swarray we must have a lot of old people listening like me great
worthy five see what I mean Jerry Whitton or five hey Jair this is chubby checking in Larry
King's got five uh-huh think Britain for big Wilson for hello big castor over's got three
boob the boosters got three uh-oh Danny from three Larry Glick three how's Larry's lemonade
staying coming Mike let's see mad dog of Mike in the mad dog too well what a what a maniac
Lionel too Arnie Ginsburg's got a pair Arnie Wool Ginsburg for those of you who read and know your
radio dick beyondy too uh dick just the celebrate 140th birthday by the way Alan Burke
a pair for the dean the crow has got one you gotta see it vote Griffin one Alan Courtney one
boy somebody must be really ancient remember Alan Courtney when I was probably his kid Kevin
Bruce Williams one on a two day it's Bruce Williams on a two day is he still on the year he is so
bad Greg B. Del one and none yet for Mike of Mike in a mad dog uh sunny fox don't have any fox
and cocks don't have any either that's Carl the sues from wbz none they've made her wbz none we
don't have a lot of the England people unfortunately Steve Kane none Jerry Williams none how can Jerry
Williams have none he was on w and ws for a year with me Bruce Bradley none I could put all the other
wbz people under two Jefferson K and uh whenever Jay done but they'll start telling on and Johnny
dark Scott the big oh wow Johnny they hate you they can't stand you they wish you would go away
and George by the way feels pretty much the same way so don't come in schmoozen in the second
around for free food now Johnny's okay he just fancies himself as being a real broadcaster because
he's got a good voice and there's those liners oh and just one of the things that I do is what
you get the same Johnny dark on kiss is he on kiss now is he kissing it I believe so I heard
he kissed it well since they closed up doodos he's got real tight with that cow down in front of
the university dogs at both campers got they used to be in front of damn douds on university on
a 441 well was that a bad place air france said it would need their confirmed or deny a newspaper
report today that said the crash of a jet in Toronto last month could have been caused by pilot
error absolutely correct how do you like that oh my god frances lay figure out newspapers said
an amalization of one of the planes flight recorder showed that 12 seconds he left between the
moment the plane puts down and when the pilots applied the reverse thrusters which are used to
assist breaking 12 seconds you know how long that is that's a long time yeah you want to hear
how long 12 seconds is here you go that was 12 seconds seemed like an hour didn't it yeah the
newspaper didn't say out obtained the information but you know those French air france spokeswoman Maria
time and said the company had no comment on the report I wonder if she's kind of Bobby Hyman
Maria time and had no report on the comment while the investigation continues she said the black
boxes were still in possession of Canadian authorities a we can either confirm or deny if she
said we don't comment on newspaper reports whatever they are in other words you mama air france
flight 358 from Paris landed at Toronto's Lesterby Pearson International Airport in heavy thunderstorms
skidding off the runway about 200 meters before slamming into a ravine and catching fire not too far
from Woodvine racetrack where Neil loses his ass none of these 309 passengers and crew members died
the figure was reported that the experts found the 12-second delay to be excessive it said that the
black box recordings expected me may public after the press that's a long time maybe he was thinking
about who's kind of planning like what's going to be like on the other side or something like that
but none of the 309 died contrary to the hysteria scramiles of Ryan and that Nazi wolf blitzkrieg
on CNN both of whom ought to be frightened boydened oil or whatever it is
is near the front why is it this is 5.6.8
I don't know how it enabled you're over here and I'm over there and how about the mallens
eh how about them have a hurry canes and you know how I thought all I can pick from that P.W.
Hoyn if that pipe smoke sticks one little pinky toe in the studio again where I out punch them
and then oh see I'll knock out his teeth I say I'm gonna mobilize them why I'll twist them
into a pretzel why I'll tear them live from lit the house slices belly open like a grouper
yeah I'll make that poop a little cry the next tiny attempt to assassinate my good character
I'm gonna call my attorney I'm calling the national guard the matter where they are
then I'm calling my rabbi and I'll call Mabel like label and then I'm gonna pull a freight train
using only my dentist like all American boy even who hands on strong
you know why if I ever get my head what is that there's a monkey in my check of hands
oh
what is that
what is that
what is that
what is that
what is that
what is that
what is that
what is that
oh
over
how
it's
up
Microsoft
it's uh...
well i still know that five sixty w and momo mister
or two o'clock and then we got that kirtis and jozy
i still understand what we need jozy on there
kirtis four to seven uh... fill in for the mad dog and jozy's been tag along
not personal joe but your
ponderous
well speaking of boring by the way that promo which to be very honest with that
but roxie sounded really good on that
i told you he's pretty damn good he sounded very good
but and and actually even your buddy david sounded a little bit overwrought on
a one call but any more than made up for it immediately when he said
don't really says personal hit against your land of brave
i mean come on and your job to like kick him in the ass a little bit
motivate him
stick them
it was a no-hitter wasn't
uh...
wasn't a no-hitter
a shutout well whatever the hell it was a shout out
also in other words the fact that it was only a shout out that should be
anyway sir Joe and highly it says how about it shows for the poor
all i can say that is
how come bill tanner's not on her yet
joys
the bill
mcgill like i said no mcgill don't like bill tanner
i think that tanner made a move on the hallway one time
get them on their okay tanner and more and what
tanner was a great on a year
not so much off the year
let's you know you're not a dolphins fans is this fact that sounds like you
want them to lose even to the stinking jets all the absolutely
of course
it's like i'm not a michigan fan either but i was very distraught that they lost
the noted game
don't that's not a name for michigan state this week in every josh that's
right
what's going to be ugly
oh no
what do you mean
well i thought that this part is complete why every week
uh...
what you're probably the same issue in her central michigan but we are occasionally
lose to them to the opener you know they'd try to schedule a patty then they
went up losing
anyway we don't care like i told you we don't have a crap about that
the real name go to michigan state i don't know how i got it
anyway it says you sound like you want to lose the stinking jet state
sucks talk come on don't tell us you're even like the jets of the dolphins
of course absolute
so freaking loulee
i know that you're not crazy about dolphin fans but there's nothing more than
the jet fans especially those who don't stop for
are you pick it on my body
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot
who's going to show us through green and white i'm sure but nevertheless
uh...
now you're wrong
i disagree with that in terms
i mean we have we do have some of noxious just fans especially the ones that
used to call in just
poison our morning show
mark the jet span
uh...
but you're cheap from boi yeah richie from bores and market jet span there those
two any other of my
there's a noxious fans from all teams the giants of us and we have noxious
fans to
like the ones that are the snowballs
i
goldy
yeah like yoli
one for you talk about obnoxious
the pete just going to go to the pin that he's going to be good you'll see mark
my words you don't believe me you think i'm a fun and you don't say he's
gonna be a good job on that
all i really have a damn exciting team you looked out uh... guilty
he's probably just as well off that they had the uh... lockout
because i'm missing the season if they would still have the same
uh... cba in the same team they had last time he would have started out his
career
calling a really
horseball team just awful
that nobody knew the uh... names of any of the players just about
but now they got like a real team with real players on it that even most
people recognize
even michelle some of those guys
not
what five six seven worse my hockey tickets did we get information about that
when the panther said you know it's really funny about how when when they
want your money
they're sending out like a month before any season even when there isn't a
season
right off the back to send out for the people but about
but when uh... time to get the tickets they wait a little last thing in
the middle
i think they only have to hold my sufficient games this is not to believe
well they probably have a re-print all tickets they said all dc on there
i never thought about that
and what is it now bank america re-enter bank america center
bank at land i think it is right
is it i don't know
don't don't start
yeah
huh i'm pretty sure it's a good idea
thank you landic center was whatever center like the Roger center man
everybody they just despise the name of what was wrong with a skydome and it was
such a great name
crappy stadium but but a great name the skydome
where they actually have a hotel in the uh... in the uh... stadium
with one of them and one time they had those windows and they thought that
they were one way windows and come to find out that some of more two way
windows there were
a couple in their doing stuff
which is probably the highlight of the game
well actually that was back in the days when the blue jays were good when they
wanted to
world series is this
jokal is opposed to now when you're like uh... kind of mediocre
but they're sure plans for the market plan the Yankees this weekend
i don't know what i i wouldn't say they're gonna play spoiler
didn't they screw the red socks up a couple games in the series what are you
talking about the place for okay they'll better get your baseball stuff straight
that way
great against the red socks horrible against the Yankees i mean yeah well
Tampa Bay used to play great against the Yankees too and then they uh...
out of the same day
not that's a good idea that they do when i came last night
i don't know but i know they play great during against the Yankees and
or earlier that's earlier then they lost seventeen to two the day before yesterday
last night there was time for four
you can't even a bit of them uh...
Yankees six five there were they threw a heater to jitter and i was a bad mistake
here not gonna couple of six Yankees one what six five
yeah that's what it was it was six five dammit
stinking Yankees this one thing we can all agree on we hate to stick in Yankees
�ettes you can't uh...
the seal
yes
doin
he
but
Sounds like he needs to go back into his family tree. Hello. Hey, me. I know, buddy. Pretty good.
They listen for a sports nurse who love your show for your poll Jim Rome, man.
Okay. He's your favorite broadcaster. I look into the show every day. I mean, I just like
his show. Okay. Thanks, Sally. Okay. Thanks. Get out of here. Jim Rome.
Rome. Hey, homie. You like Rome? Oh, brother. It's not like a 10-year-old kid. Bad. He is
really bad. And his TV show, if you think he's bad, although this is the, he puts
a little bastard on there. Isn't that the show he's out once in a while? The bastard?
I don't know. Yeah. No, he's on, uh, he does a PTI every once in a while. PTI pardon
the interruption with El Azaz. That's the ESPN show. I'd like to see Joe Rose walk out of
the set and just smack him right in the head. Just knock him right on his ass or at least
punch him in the nose or at least pee in his mountain do or pee in his mountain do would be
good enough for me. That's the rumor that we're starting is that Joe Pieden, that Dan LaBassia's
mountain do. WQYM, hello. QYM. He does very. Dan LaBassia's show, yes. Oh, man, I got
a, I got a reason why push me about them. What? Hello. Yeah. Yeah, I got a reason why
press a George Bushy about them. Okay, good. 5.67, that's why I thought he said one of
your people there, McGill, like I said, let's get over to those people on there. There's
one. At least he's less than that's good. That's a good sign. Don't let your neighbors fight
out about it or you'll be toast, baby. Oh, what about toast? A lot of people love him. Is it
right? I'm not really sure anymore. I know this right. It was one of each. Yeah, and toast
and the spinach frittata. That's my favorite. I know with the juice. My stew got juice and toast.
What a, and is that supposed to be like early in the day, like for an early breakfast? See,
they were smart. They put those guys on in the year along with Mark Eisenberg like four in
a morning, four to like four thirty when nobody's awake. In fact, Mark, Mark even failed on
an overnight show when everybody was sleeping and he couldn't cut it. What did they call him now?
Money. Money, Mark. Money, Mark. Oh, man, you can't complain about their number. You can't find it.
We got 678 votes. And if you'd have been pushing it, man, we'd have 700 already. Josh, we're going
to get to a thousand. Okay. We have 700 already by noon based on what? Well, they like to,
and see, I like doing this kind of a poll because it's radio-ish. It's like us if you
weigh in here. Not real radio, but it's kind of like radio-ish.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 AM.
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you.
Shots stay hotel-made. Psychologists could perform a
Rorschach test on the sheet you clean, but you don't mind. After all, you're performing a public service.
You never get tips, and at least once a month you find a body in the bathtub,
but you can still hold your head high because you're making hospital corners without the benefit of
hospital disinfectants. There hasn't been a spill that big since the Exxon Thaldees,
and try as you might, you just can't remove the bump from the room.
We know I'm on the bump. But you can be proud, Consuela, because at the end of the day,
your sheets are tighter than any of the women who've ever slept on them.
Ah, so we salute you. Josh, stay hotel-made. Your rubber gloves, your broken English, and your mint.
You are a real American A-holes. 699 votes on that pool. One more and make a 700. We got a shot
of the 1000. Yeah, and by the way, the power of nightmares is back up.
All of it? That's right. I thought you said it wasn't available. No more.
Well, Eric got another copy, so nice going, Eric. Like I told you, he's the best man. You're the
guy that like gives up real easy, but Eric, he's just perseveres. You believe me? No.
Oh, a person's going to make a big speech that another photo off. Another one, he's dog and pony
shows to try to resurrect his flailing, failing ratings, which are just dropping like a rock. I
got a story on the new latest pool, but we're not going to, I'm not going to do it because Miguel
could upset. George, you better come back to work tomorrow. Otherwise, this show is toast,
an omelet, and frittata. All of I do like good frittata. Spinach frittata.
Guess who popped one out of the oven? You already saw this, I'm sure. I did. Britney Spears gave
a bat to a burby boy. US Weekly reported they baby was born yesterday by Cisrarian
Section at the Santa Monica UCLA Medical Center in California. No other details available.
It is the first child for 23 year old pop star in her husband Kevin Feederline, who is one of the
most grotesque. I mean, he 27 has two children with an escrow friend, Char Jackson. He's been
poking all over the place is what it boils down to, but nevertheless, Britney just popped out of
baby. Little boy. Does it have a name yet? Don't have no name in that story. I don't know, I
haven't heard. I saw that story. So, I see. Well, I imagine you saw that story because it's on
our website. That's where you saw the story. Maybe you would do like a little reading or something.
Well, it's not on there yet, but I saw it. That's not put the card ahead of the horse. Okay. In other
words, that'll be on there for tomorrow. That's right. There is no hurry. Nobody is reading them
anyway. That's when Miguel says, nobody's reading your stupid ass stories. 704 votes. And as
proof of what I just said, take a look at that. What we got so far, almost 500 people have taken a
look at that picture of your presence thing. He's got to go take a wicked to something one or two or
three. Almost five. And the next one, Feederline Curiosity, which is the really great marine dog,
dog column from yesterday. I read 192. We'll see. I read it so they already heard it. They don't
need to read it again. That must be the excuse. Is it? No. No. 5670560, pound five, 60 in the
Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. WQAM. Hello. QAM. You're doing a job. Yeah. Okay. Browning.
Count WQAM. Hello. Okay. Let me try starting at the other end of the line nine. QAM. Hello.
Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. This meal speaking. A meal. I'm looking at this list you have. Yeah.
And you're missing a couple of old time. Well, let's go. How about Jean Shepherd?
Jean Shepherd. That's J-E-N-E-T-U-U-M-G-E-N-E. And how about Barry Farber? Barry Farber. Oh, this
is my, I must be in New Yorker, go in New Yorker. And Old New Yorker and an Old Dimer. An old
Cocker like me. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pellie. I'll see you on the other side. Love you.
Barry Farber and Jean Shepherd. He used to talk to himself, which is what I do for four hours every
day. At least I feel like it. Jean Shepherd. A lot of people thought he was brilliant. Well,
he used to do, he didn't take any calls, which I still say that's the way to go. At least he
didn't read a bunch of stupid newspaper stories. He just rambled on for half an hour. We used to
play his tapes on K-A-T when I first came to town. W-K-A-T. Those were the days said the kid.
Don't let me forget tomorrow to talk to Hank about the Siddlervin. Josh. Okay. Well, are you going
to? Because I remember when you make me remind you about asking Hank stuff, you kind of don't do it.
That's because you never remind me. Oh, I do, but you know, you say you can't. Well, we'll see.
It all depends on what depends on what else we got going. Maybe tomorrow I have like a big
big scoop on a big feud between Joel Rosen-Danel of Astor. Might as well give those guys a
little publicity. They have no measurable audience, especially that big 18 to 18 and a half
demo. They're all excited about. 70 Q-A-M. Hello. Q-A-M. Oh, it helped if I punched it.
I should play that game a little bit. Q-A-M. Good afternoon. How you doing? Good answer. Good evening.
I'm Marciano on the beach in North Carolina. It's windy and it's raining. Go ahead.
I love when those guys go out and almost get their heads blown up. Yeah, I wish they would.
It's pretty ridiculous. Anyway, the other day the fumbling fumbling.
Yeah, you better get it. It might be Ed McMahon. Okay. That was either a call waiting or it's
the FBI tap as soon as they heard him say fumbling. Bumbling. They knew it was going to be a
shot at El Presidente. So they like chop his ass right off. I'll be honest with you that Rob
Marciano don't look all that good. It's one of those things. I guess it's the camera angle.
Dominic Q-A-M. Hello. Yes, sir. Right through the board. Yeah.
Dominic Q-A-M. Hello. Yes, sir. You got the crawl on the pole.
Oh, I'm on there. He's got one. He's got one, baby. In fact, if you talk to him,
your life's so sure what to do. 5670560. The crow who smells like a cashmere bouquet like he
bathed him in. Like I've always said, it's good thing to smell good, but just not too good.
Not quite that good. Dominic Q-A-M. Hello. And this is George. Dominic Q-A-M. He'll be right over.
Q-A-M. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great. I was watching the news yesterday.
That's, uh, uh, I got a British dude's, uh, Thursday. It's a Preston Michael Spir, just something
to that. Preston Michael Spir. Yeah. Have you seen your picture in the magazine?
I'm fighting. Blue with that, girl. Oh, my gosh. He just popped a baby. How, what do you expect, man?
Well, she's got a lot of working out to do it all. Okay. Well, I bet you'd like to do it with her.
Okay. 5670560. She's old news, man. Old news. What about Hillary Duff? What about her?
No, you said the other day you'd like to do Duff.
Yeah. Nobody said something like that. She's like a little girl, Hillary Duff. How old is she?
Like about 12 or something? Like 17. Yeah. She's like for little girls.
Rob and Colorado. Rob, in fact, maybe, uh, the vice president's, uh,
bull-dike daughter would like to meet up with Hillary Duff. Do you ever know?
Or just with Duff. Or maybe, and fact, maybe with Hillary, wouldn't that be something?
Maybe that, maybe that could be the Democratic ticket in 2008. That would be great. Hillary and
the Chinese bull-dike daughter. Rob and Colorado says, I listen over there frequently from Colorado.
Over the internet, we can hear the stuff you've done from calls. Like when you dump the, uh,
ass wipe, Reverend Jones or somebody who swears, we hear it, but when you cut the bits,
we hear the same thing goes over the ear. Nothing. I didn't know that. Did you?
No, and that's, that's very strange. I don't know how that happened.
I don't see how that's possible. I don't think so, Rob.
But nevertheless, two for the pool. Howie Carr and what about the bird?
All right, the bird is the word. In fact, I can play that. All of a sudden,
we just say a D-bag in it, but just remind me to dump that. In fact, we'll just dump it in.
If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610-WIOD, you miss this.
Yes, this is the bird? Yeah.
The bird, how you doing? Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything, because I can't stand listening to you.
You start like a dude. Do you want to do me a favor, play anything?
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead.
So why did you call me? I didn't call you.
You're not just to tell you not to say anything. Just play something.
Oh, God can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
I'll play something already.
Why won't you answer my...
Oh, God, stand it.
You won't see. He won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
I'm with the car.
Then the bird, he'll be sure and get him on the right away.
Do I have to?
Now, if you...
Why do you say that?
That's horrible.
The bird.
Get out of here.
I heard some of those tapes.
Yeah, Miguel was recently listening to you in the bird.
Yeah.
And...
Yeah, that's all I got to say about that.
Well, let's see, you didn't like the show when I was on with the bird.
You don't like the show now that we need bedtime stories.
I think when Miguel is trying to tell you, you don't like the show.
I mean, you can come on and say it.
It won't bother me.
It's okay. A lot of people don't like the show like I said the other day.
It's just that when jico says you don't like the show,
and he tries to put it in somebody else's words or typewriter or whatever.
That pisses me off.
Why don't you have the balls just to say a time you hate the show?
That's okay.
It's not personal.
It's business.
That's fine.
I still like Tommy a little bit.
Massachusetts lawmakers reject gay marriage ban.
I don't want to read it.
See, I got all these important stories.
And I never really did get those kids they found in cages in Ohio
and Clarksfield Township, Ohio.
That's an old story now.
My pile is huge here.
And now you're forcing me to like shove these back again.
In Croatia they've got a new reality show staring sheep instead of people.
Exciting.
Well for some I guess.
It's better than growing up gotty I guess.
Man allegedly pedals away with pot plants in Eugene, Oregon.
But that's where it goes.
I'm not going to read any of these.
I'll save him for tomorrow.
George will mind.
He's he's a lot more.
He's not a hard ass.
Speak like you are.
No, actually he is.
Yeah, he is.
Yeah.
He's much worse than you.
I can't.
Sorry, apologize to Miguel.
That was a shot.
If ever there was a hard ass speak, George, he's the one.
From minutes after noon at 5.
See by the way, uh, uh, uh,
Prozac Ron, George will be over in a couple of hours.
Break both of your legs.
When was the last time you really indulged yourself weeks ago,
months ago, even longer?
Dollar mattress and soda want you to indulge yourself every night of your life
with Sirt is perfect night mattress line.
And right now when you call 1-800 mattress,
you can save up to $900 off the dollar mattress factory direct prices too.
The perfect night feature is Sirt is highest coil counts.
Finest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate and comfort.
This Sirt is sales for a limited time.
You're going to save on all sizes and comfort levels while supplies last.
Now 1-800 mattress and get delivered within the A2R1 to that you choose.
Chances are they've got the mattress you want in the size and
couple of let you're looking for ready right now for same-day delivery.
Dollar mattress is ranked number one in the universe for customer
satisfaction.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you could ever do.
George uses them.
I've been using them for years.
Mollum McGell air.
He made a baby on a dollar mattress and even fat boy.
Hopefully only one.
She's not pregnant.
In the industry.
You do late October.
I just a few of the satisfied people who are a
dollar mattress customer and you want to be too.
How sad?
Don't put her off another minute.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-L.
Guy's fucking blow.
Get the fuck out of here.
No way from self-pensural watch and you're in.
It's the stupendly Iacocca Fizzle Hour.
No!
I'm a dollar mattress crisis.
Yeah, I'm a Iacocca and new dollar.
Fizzle, you mad, Fizzle, you.
Yes.
Hello.
Welcome Fizzle.
What's that you're saying Fizzle?
Yes, Fizzle, man.
The name of the show.
Fizzle.
Huh?
How you doing, Pops?
I'm fine there, young person.
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
I don't know what you're saying.
Who's our first guest?
Fizzle to the Pizzle and Fizzle to the Pizzle.
I've got no idea who that is.
Oh, I see him backstage.
Please welcome Pam Anderson.
Oh, you got Fizzle, Buz.
I think I know what that means.
You have tremendous knockers.
Yes, Buz.
How's Tommy Lizzle, Buz.
Oh, Tommy's doing things such a new show.
And then you have a...
I mean, you understand the question of what he said.
Fizzle, you have no more Fizzle for you.
It's Fizzle to Fizzle of Fizzle.
I don't know what you said, but it's time to take a break.
Yeah, dog?
Who? Your dog, I'm Lee.
Yes, I'm the same dog.
You're my dog.
Okay, still to calm Jamie Far when Lee and Snoop return.
Maybe the president needs to take a whistle of Fizzle.
Could have been yesterday.
There's that note.
Everybody take a look at it.
We'll get over a thousand reads on that today.
You see, all we had to do is reorganize the website
and we're getting this tremendously surging on there.
It's either the fact that George is out taking the day off
and screwing around today.
746 votes on there.
If we get to about like 850 by one o'clock,
we got to make the shade, man.
Fizzle.
Fizzle.
Other than correct QA employees,
who's your all-time favorite radio personality,
that's our very important poll question today.
The future of the human race is hinged you on it.
Oh, by the way, anybody going to watch the person
and his dog and pony show tonight?
No.
No.
I wouldn't watch you.
I wouldn't watch that if you paid me by the second.
Unless he was going to hold up that note and say,
hey, I got to go take another one.
Howard Stern 147.
Is there any doubt about it?
No.
Phil Henry 13.
Are you sure?
Sub's Coleman 75.
Randy Road 68.
Joe Rose 43.
Micronary 29.
Allen, in fact, like in the last trend.
Joe Rose and the Le Bastard Sank.
Micronary 29.
Al Franken 20.
Al Franken 20.
Come on, you people.
I forgot most of these people never actually older radio
when it was like really entertaining shows on
and personalities that were worth hearing about.
Al Franken, my ass.
Wolfman, Jack 18.
Rush Limbaugh 17.
What else people have all gone to over there right now?
He's on right now.
Rush go hop on his bandwagon, bring him some drugs.
Ricky Tickey, Rick Shaw 17.
Haven't heard from him in a long time.
Hope you're still alive, Rick.
And by the way, Bob Hamilton still a schmuck.
Scott Forell's got 16.
Now, who was telling me, oh, the beast was telling me this one
and that Forell was back on Fox Sports a summer radio?
Yeah, I told you I've heard that.
I haven't had any of that.
Yeah, but you better tune in fast because he don't stick around
anywhere too long.
Paul Harvey 15.
He always has a good day.
Don I'm a 13.
The only dead man in a chair who's on the top 20
in a pool?
Larry Lou Jack 11.
The foes got 10 tied with a grease man, both for his slippery.
Bill Calderade, cousin Brucey 8.
Steve Val 7, Rick Rowley 7.
Sus Coleman 75, Rick Rowley 7.
You see how we were, Sus really got screwed there, man.
Got screwed over big time.
The audience loved Sus they hate Rick like poison.
And I can easily understand why.
Talk about an ego.
You're gonna have a big ego.
You better have a lot of talent to go along with it, Rick.
Although I'll tell you those down futures are looking pretty weak.
Larry King 7.
Boobshambi has got 6.
Marie the K 6.
Craig Worthing 6.
Gary Wichner 6.
I wonder if he remembers that 6 million dollar man.
And those A1 King size sandwiches.
I wonder if they're still in business.
I remember one.
This is Gary Wichner who never hung up on anybody.
This old redneck, WS News.
And his biggest sponsor was A1 King size sandwiches.
And I remember one time somebody on the pump calls up.
Hey, Jerry, about those sandwiches.
Click.
You never heard a phone get cut off so fast.
It was a beautiful thing.
Speaking of food, I just want to thank Tony's Brad.
Hey, thanks for a good friend, Brad.
See, Brad doesn't let us down.
Okay, Brad over there.
Yeah, Tony's.
He's always there for us.
Unlike some other fair weather friends who are your friend one day
and then they're gone the next.
Thanks a lot, Brad.
You're the best.
And the food at the Tony's, by the way, is sensational on 441.
Over there at 190 second or third.
Is that right?
Yes.
Yeah.
Big Wilson 6.
Hello, Big Mike.
Now let's see.
Mad Dog of the Mike and the Mad Dog shows got 5.
Dick Pert and 5.
Larry Glick 5.
Paul Castanov has got 4.
Think of Dick Pert and Larry Glick and Paul Castanov
in the same breath.
Although the crow's got 4.
So that shows you this crowd.
You know what they do about radio?
You could stick in a thimble and have room for Tom Jikas-ass.
Lie hole 3.
Dick Beyond E3.
Dan Ingram 3.
Kimisabi.
Ed Schultz has got 2.
That's pretty humorous.
Bill Tanner's got a pair.
What?
Bill Tanner's got a pair and Duff said he's seen him.
Sonny Fox 2.
Don Cox 2.
Rest in P.
It's so hard for me to believe that micrineria and Don Cox
are both sleep with the fishes.
I can't believe that.
That's how you guys didn't know.
Did you know Don Cox?
I knew Don Cox.
Yeah.
But not micrineria.
Yeah.
Well, no, you had no reason to know him.
Although, you know, Don, I'm all in both.
They both, they, well, they lived a good life, I guess.
I already Ginsburg 2, Alan Burke 2.
Steve Keynes got a pair.
Holy moly.
So I guess what's his name?
Nick Lawrence is voted.
And what's the other one?
The underling.
The one at the norm did.
What?
Steve Jr.
The other, I can't think of his name.
I have a mental block.
Greg B.
L2, the birds got one, see and spot you.
So where did you get those tapes you were listening to?
Right here.
There's a whole, there's several boxfuls.
Now, these are from Zeta or IOD.
IOD.
Oh, well now I know one thing he did.
The Zeta show was great.
When he was on with me on IOD.
Well, I was my mistake.
I had no reason to bring him over there,
without any him for.
So I could sit and feed his stupid face for 50 grand a year,
and let him tackle in the background.
And bellyache, every time I talked about something about sports,
that's pretty much all I heard.
Yeah, really?
Well, that's probably George's late piloting it on.
And George is going to want to talk about BF-Sitland,
somebody talks about sports, the way he treated Rimmer.
Very farmer has got one, Gene Shepherd one, Bowgrip and one.
Oh, Bow, the bow show.
Alan Courtney one, Bruce Williams one, Jerry Williams one.
Walter, no neck William, see and not here yet.
Bruce Bradley one.
He was good.
He was sarcastic.
He hated the music.
He played these good.
And no votes for Roe-Me, homey, no votes for Roe-Me,
Mike of Mike and a mad dog don't have any.
Carl D'Sou is, he was doing the mornings on WBZ for 100 years.
It always came in drunk early in the morning.
None.
Dave Maynard none.
Alice Randsell she don't have any.
And Johnny Dark has none.
You got the big, oh, they like the way you read the line,
he's there.
So he's a DJ on Kiss Now, Johnny Dark?
Yep.
That would kind of fit right in,
because he's a country music kind of guy.
He used to hang out at do-daz.
Always wear those kind of flannel red-nicky cowboy shirts.
That's Johnny Dark.
Johnny's okay just.
He's just boring.
You know, that doesn't make you a bad guy.
It's like Joe Zagaki.
Joe's a great guy, but he's boring.
Dave Ann Boring, I'm sure he might be a pretty good guy,
is what the guy tells us.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
There you go.
Now, why are you so reluctant?
I wasn't asking him at all.
You say he's a great guy, and I'll be the one to say he's boring.
And you know, he is terminal.
Shut out for God-Trowellers.
He shut off their letter-brave.
Come on, you know.
Poke them in the ribs.
And if he's got that real hot wife,
well, maybe it spends all his energy in the sack.
Maybe that's what it is.
Maybe he just don't have any leftover from the stupid ass ball games.
What's quite frankly, he's probably making the right choice from what I've heard.
26 past known and a guy is ugly as he is with a bad hair piece.
He's pretty lucky.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Britney Spears, when she wants to be a mommy,
have a baby with that dancing salon.
She'll be ready when she's 23.
She'll be the hottest mom at Jamboree.
Will she let her kid hear their lip and belly?
She'll screw a mop like Ozzy did with Kelly.
There goes the happy family better line.
To the liquor store for a bag of wine.
Lazy husband in his sideways yanky hat.
While Britney lays on her hot paintful moss mat.
To do is tell me she's not coppused lace.
I hope someone convinces them to wait.
Well, they're dirty.
He's too dirty to become a cop.
It's not bad to look in and the white share went.
You're my stop man.
This watermelon here, if Miss Druggers ever done it with Jeff Ganon, Ganon Guckert,
maybe do he style something creative like that?
Here's the fact some Brian and Poppato Beach.
Hey Miss Fudge by the way.
You're fairie.
Stan majors it says, let's put Stan on earth.
There's no S on the end by the Stan major, not majors.
But Brian nobody's perfect.
You still have any of the bits with him like the ones from Don Johnson.
It says we're staying asked to say freeze major, Miami vice, and Don decline.
Haven't heard that in a long time. Where would I find that?
And before you go could you do one short thing for me?
What's that, Dan?
Just say freeze major, Miami vice, you're under arrest.
Absolutely. I'm not going to do that.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I'm okay.
You won't get.
Yes.
Don Johnson, you get a haircut.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello.
You're a pal.
Hello.
Only here.
Hello.
Okay.
Pardon me?
I think that was Don.
You know what I'm saying?
Because you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
That sounded like Johnston.
That's a little over there.
There was some Johnson, yeah.
Isn't that incredible?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
He said no changes.
It sounds just like Don Johnson.
Right.
Where do you think, sir?
I'm not the five.
You leave me.
Okay.
I'm okay.
I prevent relating hallucinating.
That stands specialty man.
He is really a piece of.
By the way, the two grand that loaned you out of me worth about 4550 grand by now Stan.
I'll take the interest.
Now, actually, it's worth a 45 or 50 grand just to keep him away.
Because they will come back asking for more.
I can use another little check before you go on vacation.
You're right.
They're going to, in fact, they could write that on my tombstone.
He supported the world.
You know, just, I don't want to get sarcastic about things, but he supported the world, you know.
And you're making a big box.
You can afford to support everybody fat.
So, quick complaining.
Okay.
You know, we've got a whole lot of votes on there.
You know what I'm saying?
Because I came up with the idea.
And lastly, Josh is the one, even though I was thinking about that the other day.
So maybe our great minds work together.
I think I think about scrolling down to find the stupid ass pull for crying out loud.
It's way down in the bottom there.
What else Eric's thinking about?
Well, he's kind of a bottom feeder anyway.
Eric is what I'm hearing.
And when you live in Orlando, there's probably a lot of bottom feeders.
792.
We're almost 800 votes already.
Can that be right?
Oh, that's right.
So if we can get to like about, I would say, eight...
About 30, maybe.
838, 40 by the top there.
We're like almost a shoe in for that thousand today.
And if we get the thousand votes by the end of the day,
Miguel is personally going to come to your house and bring a whole bunch of crap
from the QM promotion department.
Don't bring everything we got.
Some old bestos.
Right.
We don't have anything.
Oh, and if anybody's wondering about that idea that Miguel had last week,
about coming up with a CD, I would say,
but God about it.
Yeah.
Because the tie...
It's just not a timely thing to raise money starting from scratch and getting them produced.
And then pedaling them and having all the people steal them and everything.
And then come up with about 50 bucks.
So we all are making our own contribution.
Speaking of contributions, I heard that promo at the top of the other Kim Alden did
for the Beasley Bigathon thing.
I sent my money to the American Red Cross, okay?
Even though I'm a little p-oat with them about after 9-11, all that money they held on to.
But nevertheless, I'm pretty sure that this time it's all going to get out.
They're going to be watching it very carefully with the people who need it.
As far as the Beasley's are concerned, I'll let Miguel and Josh send their contribution to them.
Is that right?
Not that I don't trust the Beasley's, but...
And how's that thing on the website coming at auction?
That's the scan they had going.
I think that was okay.
There are two articles that I didn't have to comment.
Two articles I am going to read with them and go like,
I could care less.
No, they're important, very important.
Pledge of Allegiance in public schools ruled unconstitutional.
Let me say it again.
Unconstitutional.
I tip my hat to this guy, man.
He keeps its the same guy, Michael Nudeau.
A federal judge in Sacramento, Rodeo,
requiring a school children recite the words under God
and the Pledge of Allegiance is unconstitutional,
reviving a legal battle by the atheist who lost his first round in the US Supreme Court.
US District Judge Lawrence Kate Carlton said,
I wonder if he's kind of Carl Carlton.
What was that sound Carl Carlton ever lasting love?
Remember that?
No.
How about...
I know you want to leave me.
How about that?
I do.
US District Judge Lawrence Carlton said he was bound by US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals decision in the earlier lawsuit
that the reference to God violated the constitutional separation of church and state
and the judge happens to be...
Absolutely correct, sir.
Michael Nudeau, the atheist who brought that case,
eventually lost when the US Supreme Court ruled that he didn't have legal standing to sue on behalf of his great school daughter
because he didn't have majority custody of her.
Carlton, however, said Nudeau's current lawsuit may go forward
because parents with full custody of their children are involved in lawsuit.
Yesterday's ruling is expected of course to be appealed by a bunch of partisan glam.
A spokesman for the Elk Grove California Unified School District, one of these school districts,
soon said the judge did not issue an order prohibiting the recitation of the pledge in the classroom.
Asked about a possible PO Jim Elliott, director of communications said we continue to support the
plight of allegiance as a patriotic exercise.
If it was good enough for Hitler, it's good enough for us.
Nudeau cannot be reached for comment.
Any order in forcing Carlton's decision would not extend beyond the Elk Grove Unified,
Rio Linda and Elverted joint elementary school district in Sacramento,
where plaintiff's children attend.
I bet you George wishes he could ascend his kids to that joint school.
Today's ruling come or maybe he's just going to go on there himself.
Today's ruling comes as a pretty way how we know about John Roberts.
You got a trineman's chance in hell, but he's fighting a good fight Michael Nudeau.
He's in the tiny minority of those of us who just wish that all you fairy tale people,
all you Jesus Christ, there's all you far-bicin would just keep it to yourself.
Okay? God! They just can't do it.
You want to see all that? There's like an epidemic lately of people on the street corners here.
I guess in all big cities handing out the Jesus propaganda, you know?
And even some of the Muslims, some of the ragheads.
Really?
From the street?
Yeah, they're trying to promote better understanding between.
I don't want better understanding.
I just want to be left alone. Go find your magic carpet and fly away.
And if you ever noticed that, you've seen those large group of Muslims
when they're bending over on the carpets there?
No.
When they come up for air, their head is like right in the ass of the guy who's in front of them.
Have you ever noticed that?
Right. Yeah, that's right.
Wow, I never asked anyone about that.
I still keep thinking about that, bro, that she took the blanket in business class.
We had blankets. This is my last trip to Europe.
She tasted a blanket and she's right by the door.
You know, that gets you a little bit nervous when you're already in the year.
And I guess we weren't in the year.
She was like being ready to taxi and she tasted a blanket.
And she puts it down on the floor and she does her rough thing.
You know, she's doveting on the floor.
Whatever the hell they call it there, they ragheads.
Right there on the plane, huh?
Yeah!
Oh, they do in the airport, too, which is that that's also a little disconcerting before you come.
You know, you get on the plane when you see a bunch of people you think might just be terrorists.
Yeah, I'd be a little worried.
Especially when they start lighting their shoes on fire.
They said the shoe laces, you get a little bit nervous.
But she was like, she took the, I was disturbing.
And I thought to myself, you nasty bitch.
Oh, speaking of bitch, this is candy cowly.
I've held more years of, but really solidifying a robot.
Damn, little lab, little lab.
This is the new deal on.
They have a bunch of pontificators sitting around in pontificate.
That's the new dealer on CNN.
And if we can't figure out for ourselves what it's all about,
they're going to explain to us what all the news is all about.
Now, here's another one that Miguel, I'm sure, will let me read.
Whether you like it or not.
What?
Now, what was wrong with that story?
That was an important story about the, huh?
That was good.
Well, okay.
So from now on, no, you've inspired me.
From now on, I'm only reading the important stories.
Maybe three, four a day.
Perfect.
And I am.
I'm here with it.
It's too much work.
People don't like it.
Great.
It's a lot easier.
It makes life a lot easier for me.
In addition, it's Joshua like it because the fewer stories I read,
that means probably the fewer that I'll be checking out.
And if you're obviously sending him to put on the website, which means a lot less work.
Yeah, I'm thinking like putting up three or four a day.
No, you see the fewer that I read, that means the more I got to put on there,
because that means they're not hearing them on the show.
Oh, let's just keep going.
So it's still like maybe 15 or 20 more like,
like, something more like that.
Like that one day a couple days ago that you had a spastic fit about.
One day.
I made up for it yesterday.
I cut you a little bit of a ramburta flak slack yesterday.
And it's only because I, it's only because I forgot.
Yeah, I forgot to go back and finish up.
That's all right.
I'll make up for it.
Roman Catholic Church investigators tasked by the Vatican to review US seminaries
will be looking for evidence of homosexuality.
Oh, my God.
You're fair.
And for professors who descend from church teaching the New York Times reports today,
isn't that lovely?
Professors who descend from church teaching, it sounds to me like we're going to have a,
maybe a little bit of a purge in the church.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, Inquisition Part 2 is coming along.
The newspaper said a Vatican document prepared to God the process and given to the New York Times by a priest.
Surfaces Catholics who wait a Vatican ruling on whether homosexual should be barred from the priesthood.
I got news for it.
If you borrow homosexuals from the priesthood, you can close the doors of every church in the world tomorrow.
You lunatics, you maniacs.
You're fair.
Right.
Are you ready for that?
You show me a straight Catholic priest that I'm going to show you, man, a faker, a closet queen.
American seminary.
You see an OSHO appointment, Gelsby, and on this?
Now, were you ever an altar boy?
Josh should didn't make it.
Nope.
Never.
Neither one, yeah.
Looked out.
American seminaries are under reviewed.
Never too late, though.
I'm off that.
Send you over to Rome, both of you.
Maybe the, maybe the Pope, this new Pope will induct you into the swish guard.
All right.
Go ahead and send me over to Rome.
You'd like Rome.
Everybody.
Anybody doesn't like Rome as an idiot.
I know it's filthy and it's congested and it's a lot of these things, but boy, what a place.
Just for the food alone.
If you don't go see the Colosseum and the euphoria forum and the wedding cake and on the Spanish steps, just the food alone, man.
I don't care what anybody tells you.
I don't care what anybody says.
The food is to die for.
Anybody can always go to Florence and eat one of those pigeon eggs.
American seminaries are under reviewed as a result of the sexual abuse scandal.
Let's wrap the priesthood in 2002.
The year the probe which is now starting was announced.
In a possible hand of the ruling's contents, the American Archbishop supervising the seminary review said,
anyone who is engaged in homo-sexual activity or has strong homo-sexual inclination should not be admitted to a seminary.
I guess I'll have to cancel my application in.
The times that Edwin O'Brien, Archbishop for the U.S. military, who supervising the seminary review, told the National Catholic Register that the restrictions should apply even to those who've not been sexually active for a decade or more, even if it's been kind of like an adorment.
If they put it in a sack to kind of hang out, cool out for a while.
O'Brien was once the rector of the North American College of Seminary for American Studying in Rome and is from any already with both the Vatican and the U.S. Church.
You want to see a bunch of horny people man go to Rome, like I said.
When in Rome, do the Romans.
The issue has been in this spotlight because the study commissioned by the Church Found last year that about 80% of young people victimized by priest were boys.
What a surprise.
The seminary, and of course that again goes to show either a total lack of understanding that it has nothing to do with homo-sexuality, that a pedophile is a pedophile period.
The seminary review called an apostolic visit, visit, visitation.
We'll send teams of American Church officials to the 229 seminaries which have more than 4,500 students.
At each seminary, the visitors will conduct confidential interviews with faculty members and seminarians, plus everyone who graduated in the last three years of time said.
A document with instructions for the reviewers being distributed to seminarians and faculty members, it asks whether the doctrine on the priest is presented by the seminary is solidly based on the Church's magisterium or teaching, and whether teachers and seminarians accept this teaching, if not, but are being.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 am.
New York.
In case you get some commentary alive from Hollywood with another edition of America's Bottom 40, brought to you by the Oxie-5 Company's newest acne medication, Oxymoron 5, for a couple of free teenagers.
So we chose.
It must be a little quicker on a tape boy.
It's a good joke.
We've got the worst songs in America and we're counting them down. Record joys are showing them.
For some unknown reason you're buying them and I'm using them as coasters.
First, let's review the top three songs on the church. And number three, Guns and Roses is singing Sweet Child of Mine.
Well, if I had a child around the house today, I'd have these four words for lead guitarist slash and his chords.
Stay the hell away.
And number two, you will who assist. They're eaten, or liven in a perfect world. And especially not for you, you'll eat since you don't speak proper English.
And number one, George Michael sings, he's got a monkey on his back. Well, I would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George, there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And who's that silly ass?
Other songs on the church, the band Johnny H. Jazz, with I want to be a hero, is moving down on the church and deservedly so.
Apparently Johnny also reads music.
I don't think he'll status his eminent Johnny, so get a real job.
And there is a song I like, Ron Stewart's newest release, Forever Young. And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me, Forever Hun.
And now it's time for a long distance dedication. It comes to us from a listener in Pasadena, California, right here near KC.
I'm 16 years old, President of my class in search for through, I've brought here 175 pounds and started quarter back for my high school day.
The past year I had a problem. The girls sampling will not leave me alone.
It seems as though I've they want me for is my good looks, my excellent physique.
Why can't they just like me as a friend, treat me as a person instead of some sex object, and quit hitting a monkey all over time?
KC, do you have any suggestions, Shine Todd? Well, here's my answer. Dear Flaming Home.
I'm gonna put, I got a whole bunch more free to put on the pool.
I can't wait for the audience to call him in. First of all, I took a lot more calls. I probably get them.
I got some bad news first though. Carl D'Souza's dead. Oh, yeah. He did 40 years plus mornings on WBZ. I hated him. I thought he was just boring, real dry.
I like kind of a British sound room, real, anyway, died April of 1998. He was 83. Carl D'Souza. For all you Boston people, for all you old parts like me,
I remember when radio was really great. Bob and Tom, I'd have to put the line of his one. I realize that that's one exception to the rule I'm making, but you can't separate them. You know what I mean?
Okay. You don't sound like you're buying it. I don't care whether you buy. I'm not selling it. That's just the deal. Bob and Tom.
Now, I got some other ones for you. KC, KC, of course. Right. Right. Yes. Now is Miguel putting these on there?
Yeah. He's typing fever. I see. Dr. Demento. You guys don't know from Dr. Demento? No, I don't. Well, I don't have time to explain it to you. Rick D's, D E E S. Right.
Probably Robert W Morgan ought to be honored to have a Sam never lived in West Coast. So I just reading out for me with all those guys out there. Robert W Morgan, Rick D's.
They both belong on it. And for the Buffalo people, he'd be like poison and the feeding is mutual. George, Hound Dog Lorenz.
You got to put Hound Dog in parentheses. George, the Hound Dog Lorenz, L O R E N Z. Got it. Got it.
Okay. There you go. There's a few more. Your favorite, the radio personality. Because, you know, South Florida got people from all over the country.
And actually some people that heard real radio stations before they came to this, they got for a second place. And before radio it died. It died.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Rottles Lines. WNQAM. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Can you play that P. Diddy old dirty bastard skit? You guys have my buddy keeps telling about it. I've been listening to your show forever. I've never actually heard of it.
Okay, it's coming up. You got him on. Thanks. Yeah. It's coming up. That's the one there. He says Dr. Demento. WNQAM. Hello.
I'd like to couple suggestions for the poll. Okay. Who is it? Carl. Carl. Oh, this is Carl. Yeah. How you doing, Carl? Hi, I'm Neil. Okay. Here's Joe Niagara and Philadelphia.
Joe Niagara. He was big in Philadelphia WIBG. Right. And highlight. High lit. Here's a Philadelphia guy. Okay. By the way, the flyer suck. There's a Philly guy. I know they beat the Leafs. We've got to get hockey intensive. High lit and Joe Niagara.
He's kind of like right for a lot of Dale. Don't you love names like that? Real credible. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I never read the Oh, and what about the spig and a pay all about Alan Fraud? A freed. Okay.
F R E E D. Went to jail for pay all of it. And we could put some of those other people on there too, but why bother? Like Peter trip. Don't do it. WNQAM. Hello.
Hey, how are you? Pretty good. They're not recording the story. I don't know. You just put people on reading, but like I don't know. There's a lot of people like me like I wake up when like I always read. I go like directly to the thing. And when you talk about them, I already know, you know, well, yeah, so why should I read it on the air when it's over down our website?
I mean, you know, like this. I don't remember the first time you played like a documentary. The whole thing on the air. Yeah, but that was great. I mean, you know, and you got a big response out of it. But these are all of that.
I let's listen to people like unless you give us them, they want to listen to themselves. And that's why I. Well, that's what I've been doing it. How many people in this audience you think are going to take the trouble to read?
And we put the size. She does get a lot of reads on our website when we put it on there. But I'm just saying in general, the percentage is tiny.
Yeah, but it seems like to me that the people here, I mean, if you serve it up to them on a flyer, you will probably reach a one of their houses and Q of the computers will read it. I don't understand what it is. That's it pretty much.
Well, I don't want to tell you that. You're just pointing about that in a well, and I realize that let's face it, you know, the biggest thing on the internet is pornography. And that's by far by a million miles.
The fact that it was you would have even a thought that just because we were putting those beating curtain pictures on there, you know, I assumed that most of the people who read our website would take a look at that too.
But it created this like a whole fraternity of people like all these college kids and all these, you know, they would email each other. Oh, you got to see this picture. And then once the pictures disappeared, those people are gone. They don't care about the rest of our crap.
They think I didn't come true, but a couple days ago when I heard Bush said, I think for responsibility, I said, he didn't say that. He didn't say that. He didn't say, he didn't say, he didn't say, he takes full responsibility.
I thought we said, but I thought that media was going to say, oh my god, look what a good guy. You know, I was doing a problem, but I said, oh my god, it's over. This is going to be the worst because every time he does something, you know, they're resembles, you know, at least he says it. And they pop them up to me. It's great to meet you.
Yeah, well, some of them were doing it like Jeff Greenfield on Aaron's couple of the others on CNN. Oh, this is like JFK after the Bay of Pigs. Yeah, right. Like, like, like, like, you know, I'll see you at the border.
Five six seven, oh, five 60. So what are we decided there? I guess Miguel decided we're not reading more than two or three stories every day and Josh decided we're not putting more than 40 50 on the website.
No, I believe you decided that you're going to be sure what he just said though. I mean, I, you know, he said that most people won't read it unless you spooned to him, which would be a case for I should keep reading them on here. I mean, so we get a couple hundred people read marine doubt on our website or 300. What's that? You know, out of the 85 minute we got listening out there, most of whom won't admit it because they're in a closet.
We got 858 vote, which goes to show you if we would have just kept putting away the poll where it belongs there instead of getting, you know, side track by Eric.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8. Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
I'll call you puffy. Yo, yo, man, yo, yo, are you ready? Yeah, here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery right? All right.
Whoa, man, is $100 question right here? You're kidding me, right? This is $100 for $100. This ain't a million dollar question.
Well, this is the first one. It's only for $100. Is this a black thing? Did you like to use a light one? Yeah, I wonder what I got. What do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience to 50 50 and the phone a friend. Ask the audience. That's too many white people in here.
50 50 and going to help me. Oh, you know, I'm going to phone a friend. I'm going to phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery right? Yeah.
All right, who are we going to call, puffy? Oh, my boy. Old dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty. We're gone.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you. Yo.
Old dirty. Yeah, man. Read just Philman from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I got your friend here. Puff daddy. Go dirty. What's up?
What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? All right. All right. Old dirty.
Old dirty. Puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. Hey, the first time.
First question and the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question.
It'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? I mean, next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begin.
What's up? Your dirty face is off for me. All right? Pickering, Dickering, blank. Is it a doc, B, P, C, Marino or D?
Oh, come on, man. I don't have a time. I know this man. I know it. I see a P. P. You sure?
About 30, man. Listen, I'm on him. I'm on him. 30. All right, man. Thank you very much.
I'm on. Times up old dirty said P. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what, Regis? Want to pull the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline. Actually, no, there's only three lifelines of yours. One you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game.
And why is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, use the 50-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's Doc, it's A. It's Doc. My final answer is Doc. It's Doc. And it's a good one. You got to hold me on. Run, you ready, wife. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run,
Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run, run. Run
RunödeadL This is the sad asway for剛 braucht jets and everything.
WABC and WJR and CKL, W and all these things.
What they have done to their people on death row for less butchery and mayhem than what
the powers that be of under radio.
The FCC, the big corporations, all in partnership together, the NAV, you should all rot in hell.
How do you like that?
You've taken a great industry, you've taken a very creative, wonderful industry that had
a lot of tremendously talented people and that's the reason that you've got all these
squeaky sound likes now that I'm running sports too because there is no more room for creativity.
There are almost none, maybe one or two.
Take a look at what we got.
I keep coming back to that question which I know Josh don't like being asked why should
he be the one to have the answer.
I mean what does he know anyway?
The punk that he is.
I don't know any of these people on this pool.
He's an acoma from these people.
He would know Johnny Dark from, that's right you do know Johnny Dark.
Hasn't he been in there?
Has he been in here?
No, I guess not since you've been on the show.
Why are you lucky?
I'll tell you how boring Johnny is even though he's a good guy.
If he just walked in there you'd fall asleep.
He went out saying anything.
It's like that.
He's that boring.
In fact he ought to open up a chain of stores, boring is us.
He's a good guy though, he's just boring, he can't help it.
Are you referring to that?
He was a guy who'll be out with Curtis for the mad dog today following the mull man.
Let's see, we got how many votes are on there.
We're going to make that thousand if we have to stay on overtime.
We got 882.
So I'm thinking pretty easy aren't you?
Yeah, we got no problem at all.
One more story with Miguel's permission.
Very short, you got it.
It's kind of cute.
State police in Boston have launched an internal investigation in allegations of
hazing in a state police academy.
State police will tenant Sharon Costean said in the written statement that a
full and complete investigation will be conducted and action taken if
warranted.
No details have been given about the allegations, but the Boston herald
citing unidentified sources reported that hazing rituals at the police
academy in new brain tree included pushing recruits heads into dirty toilets.
The herald setting and unnamed source said the poor resultant from a
complaint by a female trooper who resented having her head shoved in the
pooper.
How do you like that?
I wonder when the president, I mean, back after I've now had his two heart attacks
back in the day.
And that people think I'm making this up, but it actually said in our local
newspaper, it said president has a good bowel movement.
And as if this is something that the public needs to know.
Now, since we saw the president yesterday, we saw that he we've got it on our
website, writing that note to Condoleezza about he's got to do maybe a one
aduse a trace, whatever he's got to do, one, two and a three like Lawrence.
Well, don't you think the public's in tell of no just if it was a good one or
a bad one or maybe like wild diarrhea?
Don't we shouldn't we know that?
Yeah.
Even though of course that is excretory activity and you better not talk about
it on the air or else we're approaching 900 now.
What do you think it's just because we move the the poll?
I mean, we'll see.
I mean, if we get a thousand every day, then yeah, we can put it on that.
We got eight eighty seven.
I mean, the times that I had those bitter arguments with Eric practically
in tears on the phone, please move that poll back up there at the top.
Please let these people see it's a part of the show.
It's the meat and potatoes, the bread and butter.
And we're you know, of course I'm making this all up, but he gets so upset.
Don't you just love ripping into people who we know you get a rise out of them?
Kind of like Tom Jicke.
I think she's getting a rise out of me.
No, you're not.
I could give her crap.
Let's watch your right.
I just look ripping you and asked somebody Q a.m.
Because you're lazy.
Tom.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I talked to you about some old deterred radio station.
OK.
Tom Z.
How about you?
Paul Winner.
Keener 13 was the greatest radio station in the history of America.
And how about Lee Allen in this horn?
I'm WX Y Z.
You got it.
Lee Allen should be on the pool.
Paul Winner should be on there.
Oh, yes.
Right?
You got it.
But babies on CKLW dead babies we used to call them.
Yeah.
Now you talk.
Well, I've been down here for six years by Mr.
Old's Church A and Radio.
Oh, yeah.
No, Mr. Troy just missed the radio.
You got it.
Have a great day, Paul.
I'll see it.
I'll see it in Macombo's on eight mile.
Oh, that's excellent.
OK.
Thank you.
All right.
Well, he likes it because it's a strip joint now.
It used to be a great Italian restaurant right across from the WJ towers,
which they had.
I don't know.
Like about 85,000 towers, you know, directional.
They had 50,000 watts straight up into the air.
I can't find my jingles.
That's bad.
Well, I guess I got some of those oldy jingles.
Remember today I did all the oldy jingles?
Yeah.
When I was playing a Motown stuff and I had gotten inspired.
Thanks to the again for that movie.
And George liked it too.
Like from 77W ABC.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Why don't we show them their witness?
7-7-7-W.
No, we don't want to hear that.
We want to hear CKW Motown sound for the last guy.
OK.
You want it?
We got it.
Somewhere a little disorganized, but we got it in there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8,
and a variety of singular wireless lines.
And the new format under the Elijah show,
no more at his bedtime story, says McGill, and Tom Jicke,
and Fat Boy, and whoever else.
And George is going to be really PO to you, man.
When he comes back tomorrow and finds out
you screwed up the whole damn format,
how is he going to find out what's going on in the world?
I guess he'll have to, you know, all of he already says
he reads the stories on the website.
So why the hell does he need for me to read him to him?
Good point.
He just likes the way I read him, you know,
with tremendous emphasis and flair and drama,
as if people really cared about him.
And of course, I know they don't.
All they care about basically is like,
are they going to get laid and what's for supper?
And that's it, you know?
And if they're going to drop one of Bombakarande on us,
and we're going to be able to do something about it,
all of these things.
You got 900 yet?
I don't know, I'll check.
897.
Oh, this is heaven.
We got 49 minutes and we need 100 votes.
So, I'm not still not that easy, man.
I got 900 right now.
What do you got?
Me too.
I got 900.
I got 900.
I got 900.
Oh, right.
I got 100.
There's Mayor Ray Nagan, who is about his
eminently unqualified, man.
He really blew it too.
He's not taken as much he does he deserves.
I mean, we really shouldn't take any of the spotlight off
a FEMA and your president and Brownie and Brownie Howard
Mickey Chewoff.
But the fact that it matters is that this guy,
he really bows it out.
Bad, big time.
He's a good one to be talking.
They had all those city buses and all of those school buses,
man, you know, if you're going to have an evacuation
and it looked like the thing was going to be a lot worse for New
Orleans than it was if that's possible.
Of course, they didn't know the levies were going to break,
but they should have anticipated it because it was a category five
and they knew they were going to get struck, possibly, head on by a four or a five.
So, they should have had a mandatory evacuation.
They should use all those buses to get the people to damn hell out.
They had three solid days to do it.
Three days.
But it's a lot easier to stand around and point the finger.
You know, and of course, now the governor, she says Kathleen,
she says, oh, yeah, well, I want to take everybody.
Everybody wants to take responsibility now that we got all these dead people.
Like at the nursing homes, that was nice.
113 at 560 WQ way.
And if your hair, if your head is dead, if you got a big bald spot,
you can do a lot of things nowadays because everybody in the brother's son,
you're some kind of a system for new hair, the son of the musk red on the head,
all these other silly things and the dangerous pills that guys take that don't do with them,
things that make you sick.
Chuck Alfie Erie's got the best hair system in the business,
the natural hairline system, and for over 30 years now,
for over 30 years, Charlie's been helping guys look their best,
whether they're loaded with cash or slippers or anything in between.
Because even the guys with a big vux code are Charlie,
they know they can't get a better look and head of hair.
Then Charlie's skin-like hair system, it is 100% un-detectable.
Looks like real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to all of the rest.
And Charlie's work is completely guaranteed.
You have nothing to lose but that ugly, shiny bald spot.
You have to do a try Charlie's system for a month, for 30 days.
For 30, man.
And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels just return it for a full refund,
say, hey Charlie, here's your crappy hair back.
I want my bald spot and my money back.
I don't think you'll be doing that though.
Make the call today, 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the Near Riders Show
and get your summer special discount,
an extra 200 bucks off the regular $800 price of the best in the universe,
natural hairline system.
Look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Call them toll-free today, 1-800-321-2413.
It's 1-800-321-2413 or on the wicked web, Charles Alfie Erie.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-L.
Blue bed.
And here's to you, let's just start from school.
Troopers found some spot in your limo.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, oh my god.
God bless you, please, let's just start from school.
There's a hefty sign as you will play.
Don't worry, 100 bucks, you say hey, hey.
You say hey, hey.
Now you have a criminal record in our police files.
If we have you, we're going to help yourself.
Look around you all you see are dilated eyes.
If you're getting strong, do it in your own home.
And here's to you, Smith's best start from school.
Smokey gun, you'll see this on your own.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, god bless you, please, let's just start from school.
Pop the lemon, hope sure not popped away.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
We're going to make that thousand like fall off a rickety bus hysteria.
What I tell you, you said no chance.
No, we take credit, Josh and I are taking credit for it because we finally got the pull move to our place where people in the fight are we at 9.29 and 40 women.
It's for 71 votes.
I could do that with my hands tied behind my back.
We joy sitting on my face.
Oh, what a thought.
5.670, 5.60, Tom 5.60 and the Verizon Singular Riders lines.
Got a pretty good race actually going there.
Fills given Howard, the other one for his money, aren't you surprised?
Not really.
Howard's turned 175, Henry 134.
So it's call him in 97.
Randy Rhodes 83, after those four, it's kind of a long way down to Joe Rose.
By the way, make it suspended for a peeing, what do you do now?
He took a dump on the Dan La Bastard's hair piece.
It was a dupe.
Oh my god.
We're pretty, wait until he hits him with a trace.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Nea, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, listen, you know what I report to himself, right?
You're first four weeks back.
You know nobody down here can ever know what day it is.
So, yeah.
I think coinciding, they can figure out every day.
That's probably why it's much better.
I see.
Well, we'll find out.
Okay, we'll see if it's much better tomorrow.
I just got to ripen George.
5.670, 5.60 and it could be.
You think that has something to do with it?
No, it's Thursday.
Yes, Thursday you bastards.
That must be why it is, yeah.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Yeah, I've got Chris Moore for your poll.
But what happened to Tuesday?
Chris Moore is your favorite all time radio presser.
Yeah, he read you, Dale.
He's got a lot of stuff.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't soil our poll by putting Chris Moore on here.
Okay, don't do it.
And I notice you, my little good spelling all the way along the yellow except.
Oh, no, nobody's perfect.
High lit.
Why didn't I don't know what or, I think you could eyelid at first though.
Yeah, eyelid.
He had a bad eyelid.
High H, I think it was H-Y-L-I-T towards H-Y-L-I-T.
I'm going to just get, oh, come here pick it up.
Hey, what?
We're not picking on you.
If you're doing a great job, we love you.
And just get lost.
Go eat 10 sandwiches.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Nilsie, I'm the morning man.
Hi, Harry Harrison on your poll.
Harry Harrison.
Yes, the morning, yeah.
You've been up there for about 40 years in New York at the morning guy.
What's the M-M-C-A?
He started with M-C-A.
Then he went to W-A-B-C for most of their heyday.
And then he went to CBFFM for the last 20 years.
Oh, you literally left off?
Who's that?
And probably rightfully so I don't think you can get any votes.
Herb Oscar Anderson.
Yeah, well he was on the U-S-I-S-I-M-C-A before, um, uh, at County Harrison.
Right, and he was on ABC for 100 years in the morning.
Yep.
Hello again.
He was awful.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pellie.
Hi.
Harry Harrison, Herb Oscar Anderson.
Herb.
So many of the morning guys, man, back in those days, they were the worst guys in my car all the
soon than Boston.
The rest of B-Z was great.
He was just awful.
He was just there a long time, you know, kind of like me.
Just there a long time.
But horrible.
Same with Herb Oscar Anderson.
I mean, they had like, you know, cousin Brucey and Scott, how come Scott Mewney's not
on here, huh?
Is he Chad Bluver?
M-U-N-I, Scott Mewney?
I wonder who was really the Paul Mewney?
No.
Or Pueney Mewney.
What about Bob Ballou?
Bob Lewis?
Or the Bob Ballou bad boys?
You don't know from Bob Ballou.
I know Bob Ballou bad boys.
What's that?
They were on Power 96.
The Bob Ballou bad boys?
That's right.
Where they were kind of dizzy on his.
That Bob Ballou.
Bob Ballou?
Was that all about?
Well, they used to play that.
Oh, what, how you think it might have to be, you know, if it's in South Florida, it's
got to be a whole new thing.
Bob Ballou, we're not talking about that, Bob Ballou.
We're talking about Bob Ballou, who is dead.
He's dead though.
567056.
Do you can put some of these on there or not, old opinion?
Miguel.
Somewhere on there.
And so, some are not.
Hi, lit.
Nice going, Eric.
He is on top of it, man.
You see, all he needs is, he's like the South Florida audience.
He needs just a good swift kick in the ass once in a while.
Man, he just, he, uh, he just really gets on it.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Uncle Leo.
Yes, sir.
I need to get my hands on the power of nightmares.
I want to burn it in the DVD.
Yeah.
I've been trying to, but I can't.
I can't find it anywhere.
Now, according to Josh, we got it back.
Did we get it back on there?
Yes, we did.
We got a backup.
We're going to be able to put it apart.
Just a minute.
Let me, let me take a puke at it and see if I'm being given bad information.
There is Mo, you can slap Mo a little bit while you're waiting.
Uh, there's that naked bitch.
Uh, there's the Downey Street memo.
There is Drew Bell.
There's the power.
And I'm as part one, two and three now.
Let me click part one and see if it says, uh, this is no longer available or no, it's
there.
It's back.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
No, I should charge.
I'm reading everything in your website, so don't worry.
Thanks, pal.
You're the one.
Okay.
There's a guy with an IQ larger than his thumbnail.
That's good.
But nice job, Eric.
You see, you were saying, oh, he's not going to get it back on.
Are you still lazy?
Now, what you said?
Yeah, that's what I said.
That was great.
He found it.
I'm serious.
I recommend that so enthusiastically, along with those two movies, the Standing in the Shadows
of Motown and Team America, uh, World Police.
Now, where did that come from?
The one that George sent me.
Or did he just burn that?
I don't know.
Is it a burnt copy?
Yeah.
Well, it might be mine, then.
Is it yours?
Because it's the unedited, it's the original one.
No, then I see.
I don't have that one.
You don't have that one?
No, I have the regular one.
The one thing, half a loaf is better than none.
You know, you don't understand what I'm getting at.
Oh, I don't think we can get that.
Oh, I copy doesn't have the Cleveland one.
Wow.
Oh, and you better get with it.
He better burn you one of these because, uh, if there's portions taken out, probably just
as well from that scene, though.
I could live without that.
Well, WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
But of course it is on your pumpers.
Yes, it is.
It is very of the show that follows.
These are my three favorite, um, no, Chris.
All the cops you can unwrap all of the time.
And how would they be here?
You there.
And you did that.
I love those.
They're great.
Okay.
There's a happy guy.
Maybe a little bit too happy.
This is Neil Roger, which is a record.
This is 5.69 AF.
Got those checkered pants.
The best thing about those greatest hits collections from the 70s and 80s is all the
wonderful memories the music brings back.
But what about all the great times you've had recently?
Now you can relive those memories with the greatest hits of July 2005, featuring all your
favorite hits from the greatest month since June 2005, with great songs like Don'tcha
from the Pussycat Dolls and Butter Rhymes.
Oh, my God, that song takes me back.
It was July and I remember it was a hotout.
Or this one from Kelly Clarkson.
Wow, that's a real blast in the past.
I remember it was July because the weather was really hot.
Or how about this classic from Will Smith?
I remember it was like it was last month.
I'm sure Clyde went cut out.
And coming soon, look for the greatest hits of August 2005, featuring a lot of the greatest hits from the greatest hits of July 2005.
But with different memories, mostly about how it got even hotter.
You can't complain about today's music, man, because basically there ain't much.
131, that makes me sound like an old funny ducky.
Yeah, I don't care there ain't much.
Well, you know, I don't care that there's just like the broadcasts of today and the sports broadcasts of today,
100 years from now, they're going to be like legendary.
950 votes, we're going to get into that thousand just like easing right on in.
You know what?
Not even a challenge today, no more.
Other than correct Q&A employees, who's your all-time favorite radio personality we ask today since we are in a radio business,
or at least on the fringes of it, how much during 180 and fill 100 is got 136?
It's tight.
Are you sure?
Suds Coleman's got 100.
Oh, suds, what a clown.
And let's see, how's Rick doing?
Rick Riley has got, don't tell me he's still single, did his eight.
100 to eight, which indicates a great hate, Rick.
Randy Rose, 85.
What?
Joe Rose, 50.
Mike Winnery, 40.
Scott for about 24.
And that was a good higher, Greg.
Wolfman, Jack 22, Al Franken 22.
See, when you get to Al Franken 22 and Paul Harvey 20, that should give you a real good idea.
What's going on?
Rickshaw 19, Rush Limbaugh 18, Don I'mas 15, DFO's got 13, and those rest are not easy like so much.
The Grease Man 12, Larry Lujac 11, Bill Calder 10, Cousin Brucey 9, Paul Castanova 8, The Crow's Got 8.
Booster with 8, Steve Doll 8, Craig Worthing 8, Rick Riley 8, Larry Glick 8, Big Wilson 8, and 8, and 8.
It's old 7, Marie the K's got 7 on his swing and so are 8.
Larry King's got 7.
Jerry Witchner 6, how about those sandwiches here?
Dr. Demento 5, Bob and Tom, we put them together because we just can't separate them.
Five, a mad dog, a mic in the mad dog 5.
Maybe we shouldn't put them together, you think?
No.
Dick Beyonde 5, Dick Perton 5, Lionel 4.
I sure like his trains, don't you?
Sonny Fox 4, Dan Ingram, Kimisabi 4, Stan Major 3, Gene Shepherd 3, Jim Rome 3, homie-elect Romeo or what?
He's awful.
He's terrible.
Alan Burke 3, Casey Kissum 2, the bird has a pier.
How do you like that Miguel?
The bird's got a pier.
Don't be knocking him.
He's dead for crying out loud.
Oh, anything?
I don't know.
He's dead.
He isn't even molting anymore.
Bill Tanner's got a pier.
Don Cox a pier.
Arnie Ginsburg 2, Steve Keynes got a pier.
Grimby Del 2.
I still can't take a name of that punk.
That little...
Yeah, let's see.
You got Nick Lawrence on one arm.
And then he's got whatever that kid on the other arm.
Norm Wooden remember.
Barney Pip 1, Alan Fried 1, very farver 1.
Mike of Mike in the mad dog 1.
Bo Griffin 1, Alan Courtney 1, Bruce Williams 1, Jerry Williams 1, Bruce Bradley 1, Johnny Dark 1.
None 0.
The big OOO!
Herb Oscar Anderson.
Harry...no, not Harry Anderson.
Harry...Harrison.
Gotta change that.
Sorry, since it was my bad to go.
I guess Harry Harrison.
Not Anderson.
I'm sure Eric will be right on it.
He doesn't have any votes anyway.
Paul Winter, Lee Allen, Todd Snitch, Joan Agua, Hylet, George the Handog, the Rams, the
Hounds around, baby.
Rick Dees, the birds on a rigan you like them so much.
Carl D'Souze, they've made an Alice Rantel.
I'll have the baby.
Oh!
None.
None for George the Handog, the Rams.
Benz, you buffalo-onions.
See, the people from Buffalo hate me like poison.
Because I'm honest and I tell the public that Buffalo blows and it's one of the worst places
on the face of the earth.
Like all the slippage, all the sewage from Niagara Falls in New York, which nobody go...I
try to tell Hank that yesterday morning.
When he was giving me a song of dance about how they can't have a big sports book in
Niagara Falls, because it's against the law and I try to tell him in Ontario.
In Ontario, not Niagara Falls, New York, Compar, nobody goes to Niagara Falls, New York.
He did.
He won't go back.
Now that falls you to Casino and Niagara Falls in Ontario is a beautiful place.
It is fantastic.
You will lose your ass there before it's great.
I'll take your word for it.
Huh?
I said I'll take your word for it.
No, no, you can go there.
They've got all your games.
They've got a sports book.
They've got the crafts and blackjack and roulette and all the other stuff that real men
play.
And of course, 3,000 slots.
Well, in that case, yeah.
No, you like it.
And they don't have the coins anymore in the slots.
They have the lucky figures.
They use the slips now, the computer slips.
That thing with a coins man, it gets your hands all sh- what's he?
One of these days, Woodvine says they're doing away with the coins.
Maybe I live long enough to see that.
Of course, lately I don't get any any house who cares.
It's only money, man.
It's only money.
Earn it, spend it, enjoy it.
Don't leave it dime to anybody.
Even your family.
Scream.
Okay, here we go.
We got 9.67.
We're going to make 10,000.
We got 24 minutes to get 33 votes.
I mean, even a death, huh?
Easy, no problem.
Yeah, this is not even a hard work today.
Yeah, getting 1,000.
Now, the guy who writes is interesting point.
I think that was Reverend Jones, whoever that was.
It was one of the chronics.
It's not taking a backhanded shot at George.
But it's just interesting point.
We'll find out tomorrow.
So I guess I'll have to come up with a pretty interesting pool again tomorrow.
See, I can't do this.
I can't do the pool thing.
It's going to be another radio issue pool or TV.
Why?
Like what?
Oh, I don't know.
I was just asking.
Well, I mean, give me a clue.
That would be great.
Give me an idea.
Why would we want another radio pool?
See, one thing you haven't learned yet.
This audience, you can do something one day.
And it's like, oh my god.
This is the greatest thing since it's not like a music pool.
And oh, they go crazy.
And if you try to do it again the next day, they get p-oed, man.
They get pissed.
They don't like it.
That's right.
Now, it's true.
No, I know.
They want you to.
It's like, what have you done for me lately?
They want a different solid dance every single day.
Oh, you did either that yesterday.
OK, it's like little kids with toys.
We played with that toy yesterday, mommy.
What's the new toy today?
You know, that's why it's so damn difficult.
I'm a Deficial, baby.
It is not easy.
Well, I'll come up with some crap.
In fact, I still have some polls in my pile.
You know, I want to try to have stupid.
I most people wouldn't admit this stupid.
But you know, I would talk the other day
about doing a show with my shirt off
and my underwear and my box of shorts.
And during the summertime, there
would be a couple of days during the week when I'd be like,
in the shower, and I'd notice like these red lines
across like under my boobies, you know,
under the top of my chest.
That right.
And then other days, they wouldn't be there.
Now, this week, they're there every day.
OK, now, what's different from this week
than about the summertime?
You're on every day.
Aha.
Well, see, I have my pile of these awful news stories
that Miguel hates so bad.
And I think he's got a good point, because I got this big pile.
And I'm sitting here, and as I'm sitting,
the pile is hitting my chest, because I don't have a shirt on.
See what I'm saying?
And so it creates the edges of the paper.
Don't get a paper cut.
Well, and they're not quite a paper cut.
You're right.
Nothing worse than a paper cut.
That's bad.
No, it's not that sharp.
But it's like making lines across.
Don't you follow what I'm saying?
And those stay there a long time,
especially when you got as much fly as I do.
Isn't that bizarre?
Very good.
Something as simple as that.
You wonder, gee, am I getting like bed bugs, mites,
whatever, yeah, what is all this?
I get to get to get to the table.
Yeah.
Well, you see, you never saw this set up here.
I don't need to get to, boy, you need to get these damn stories
out of here now.
I can do it, see?
No, you got to send us pictures of what you have to do.
I'm going to tell you something.
A chance of my sending you a picture of anything
you've said, maybe my ass on a scale of zero.
You know how many hits I will get?
What?
Picture what, my ass?
On the internet?
What?
My ass on the internet?
Yes.
Well, let me ask you this.
First of all, how can you prove how old I am?
How do I do have an old ass?
Epic of be obvious.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I can't believe you're old ass.
Oh, yeah, that ass is really old.
How about if I just put a stunt ass on it?
How about we just stick Ron Jeremy's ass on it?
That's officially Harry and Julie.
He is disgusting.
Hey, Ron, I hope you're listening, baby.
And I remember what I said.
You are revolting.
You're disgusting.
I wouldn't touch it with the Miguel's finger.
I can't tell you where he put it.
980 some man, 985.
This is going to be like sliding into first base
from two inches away.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AM.
That's third man.
I'm dying on the air.
With me, Kevin, dumbest off the gym.
The only friend that's all other than her is his.
With me, Kevin, where these can come from.
Just watching will make you feel dirty and dumb.
One couple pages, thirty childhood.
They have all sort of white challenge.
Emily and Brittany will be a mother.
Good thing they got cash.
With me, Kevin, that shows a straight race.
A thing I'm married to a hopeful red man.
You can still be half a fearful one, man, and dad.
Shooting on set, friend of the sheep camp order.
Eating, bringing a sugar log in wine.
Looks like they have all been told in order.
And the fair line.
With me, Kevin, who's okay on it.
Maybe the nation has been called in for all day.
999, we're going to have this day.
We'll make this moment, ain't it?
It will be one more hope.
I think we can safely say, let's see, it's 14-12, 14 minutes to spare.
And we're going to reach 1,000 votes on it.
There it is, right now.
We got it.
All right.
There it is, 1,000.
Now what?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 9, 0.
Let me get up and finish the show.
Okay, he's a miss and miss this Marty pants.
He don't want me reading these stupid stories.
Let him add a little bit of 15 minutes.
He couldn't add a little bit for 14 seconds.
Way too often.
Howard Stern 185, Phil Henry 142, and Suds Coleman 104.
Suds Coleman 104, and Rick Raleigh has got, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, 9.
104 to 9.
And I would say in reverse, that's about the ratio of how to pay deal was going.
Rick Raleigh was getting 104 to every 9 bucks that Suds way.
He was siphoning off the suds.
He didn't like crap, like some kind of an underling.
But that's what happens when you're easy going like Suds.
You know, just take it, take the flow as it go.
Not a good idea.
I'd sue his ass.
WQAM, hello.
Good luck.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes sir.
Here's your radio.
Near Rage, yeah.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Like some kind of an underling.
Is this Mr. Red?
Hello, you're.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, how about adding one more to the pole?
Do you see the brick over like sports radio host?
JT the brick, he was awful.
Well, let me give you a, it keeps the show moving.
Let me see what they nothing's more awful than 954 or 567.
Oh, there's a 656.
Oh, is he picking on the crow again?
That's bad.
567.
567.
He's 5, oh, he's 560.
Is there an echo in here or what?
Here we are.
There is a crow man.
He's, now what happened with him?
He's in California coaching a teen somewhere, I believe.
Is he really?
Oh my god.
I'm going to talk about the blind lead.
He's got a blind lead.
That is pathetic.
No, because I don't see his name no more on here.
I see Lenny Martez on a lot.
Oh, and Lenny Martez is a treasurer.
I've heard a wonder-toy is acting so spastic lately.
They teamed his poor ass up with Lenny Martez.
Good guy Lenny Martez, but he shouldn't even be allowed
in the building much less on the air.
So when anybody on this station starts picking on some of the other trash
that's on local radio, just to remind him we got Lenny Martez
and when he's in town the crow.
So who the hell are we to be pointing fingers at losers like, you know, like Stugots?
WQ with a rich daddy.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Is this Bill?
Yes, sir.
Hi, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I got one for your pearl.
Chris Bush.
Well, obviously that's because you're there today, Miguel.
Okay, a little whooyar is sitting around in a circle.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
QAM, he must be the pivot man on that team.
Chris Bush.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah, what's up?
What you got?
Tony Bruno.
Yes.
Tony Bruno.
Yes.
Do you know that they wanted, that was what they were talking about.
In fact, they're still this talk that after I finally hang it up in 20 years,
they want to put Tony Bruno on his, in fact, don't let me forget tomorrow morning when I do the crosshair with Hank Josh.
Yeah.
Tony Bruno, we need to discuss because he likes Tony Bruno.
I think yes, he's buddies.
He's part of that sports fraternity.
Tony Bruno is a jackass.
I don't know, he may be a nice guy off the ear, but honor.
He's got that hyena laugh, you know, he's just horrible.
You ever listen to Tony Bruno?
I'm sure you have.
Yes.
He's horrible.
Awful.
But you can go ahead and put him on here.
Maybe I'll get more votes than Romy.
Okay.
But I'm sure if I mention that to Hank, he'd get very honest.
He wouldn't.
He ain't going to disagree.
Just like when I talked about his buddy Joe today.
He just got to chuck a little bit.
He knows.
I've been around to block a little bit.
He's been around to block a few times.
He served 40 or 50 suspensions this month.
He knows.
I like when Hank gets a little fairly with you sometimes.
Hey.
Don't you notice how I try to prod him a little bit?
Because, you know, I mean, we agree on a lot of things,
but it's a lot more fun when you disagree.
Right.
When you start getting each other, well, he likes to get me going with that most stuff.
Even on like board with all of that right now.
I just, I just, I can't bring myself to even dignify him by a response
because he's just how low can Mo go?
You know what I'm saying?
He's just lower at the bottom of a totem pool.
I'm listening.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's going to punch everybody in the nose.
It's, it's Mo against the world.
So what's the point?
Once you know that, it's just, it's kind of a useless exercise.
You know, I'm just, I give up my shovel and, uh, pale and, in the sandbox
when I was like in kindergarten a long time ago, 400 years ago.
But he always wants to like shovel, shovel me Hank into that direction.
Because he wants me to go, you know, do this stuff that he's going to get his ass in trouble for.
It's like your rose ripping an ass in Daniela Baster.
I'd sure like to know what that's all about, wouldn't you?
Yeah, me too.
I'll try to find out.
I think probably, maybe it's probably bogus anyway.
They probably planted the seeds for that so that we would mention it
and that people are going to tune in.
Oh, there's a big field going on.
And come to find out there, you know, just Joe Theater.
Yeah, it's not going to help him.
No, it will not help.
And especially those 18 to 17 demos, man, you're really kicking some serious ass.
What's that guy's name again? Joel Feinberg?
All I can say to that is, oh, every ethnic group has its own, you know, its own, uh, black sheep.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hey, Mr. Neal, how are you?
Yes, sir, Mr. Crawler.
Oh, right.
Um, actually, it's a, uh, I don't know if you already have it on there.
And a couple of things.
One, Ron Hersey.
Ron Hersey, I mean, Hersey Highway.
There you go.
And the other thing is, since, you know, Freedom of Speech is highlighted in quotations
in the United States of America, if you play a Kiss My Deck sound by?
Not a chance.
Yeah.
Oh, this guy.
Oh, boy, he was off the way.
Well, he stood around Hersey, so that's your toy.
So we got our thousand.
It wasn't even, it just wasn't that...
I think, you know what?
Well, you know, I thought it was like a special experience with no, uh, conclusion if you catch my drift.
152 at Q.A.M.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
New Orleans thought it had been spared the worst.
And then two major levees broke and slowly the city filled with water.
The city that sits below sea level is now under sea.
Officials estimate that 80% of New Orleans is now underwater.
The governor has been asking for everybody to say a prayer.
I think we could probably do that for our friends and, uh, love ones out there.
Good morning America.
I'm dying out of here.
This don't you know me, I'm the greatest son.
I'm a traitor because of the city of New Orleans.
I've become 500 miles in a billion tons.
Last night we began this broadcasting.
Katrina was bad.
Very bad.
Last night we didn't know the half of it.
We are still learning just how bad.
What I saw today is equivalence to what I saw flying over the tsunami in Indonesia.
There are places that are no longer there.
I mean everything is just flooded.
Everything.
The whole city.
There right there is people being evacuated.
We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aids to one another.
Telecom groups and rescue teams.
Lifting people one by one hundreds and hundreds and all from rooftop.
We're hearing lots of stories like that of people assisting one another.
Dispare for them and, uh, for, not just sending all the people down there.
You know, we're picking up the pieces.
Tonight I ask for your prayers.
Call those degrees.
Hurricane Katrina has brought out some of mankind's very best.
I ask the American people to join me in saying a prayer for the victims and their families.
God bless.
Bye, bye, bye!
