516 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Shaw to talk to Neil style 567 A560
and brought together counties called T over e and 877 7560
during the event that we're going to show you in all three of these
let's now have a round 560 if he needs to express his guest or not
and represent those of the QAM's management staff response
and the Neil Roger Shaw on 560 WQAM
well alright!
what's that?
I need you
she's not too bad
the end is okay
when you get in bed with her
the minute you find she's cold when you're hot
then you can start to dump her for someone better
and when your relationship with them
hey you dig in
do look for someone who's slightly older
people might be voting to win
the sexist man can go hunting
you might find someone with bigger voters
na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na
hey dude
don't worry like that
take the end
no, but you like the cold matters
don't let it you hit the lagging star
stand right above and sign your devil's paper
and I want to try a 60 WQAM
I think we got a schedule today
we don't have one actually physically on paper yet
we don't want to get too carried away and over you know
spoil our image
and our track record
a verbal schedule
we have a verbal schedule
it is thus
thus it is spoken
as I said back in the day
thus it is spoken
as it is written
as he spakes it is the wrote
in the rat and whatever
anyway bad news for us to get out of the way
two US soldiers killed four wounded
and roadside bomb attack in Baghdad
although things are going extraordinarily well
oh we're fine
a roadside bomb destroyed a US armored transport vehicle
patrolling southwestern Baghdad
yesterday killing two more American soldiers wounding four others
the blast destroyed the Bradley Fighting vehicle
one of the more heavily armored US military vehicles
and the Yadi Yadi Yadi
also on Monday another roadside bomb attack
and tomorrow hit a joint US Iraqi patrol
killing two Iraqi soldiers wounding one Iraqi soldier in two more Americans
as the carnage the bloodshed goes on
and the meantime here's bumbling, fumbling a dufus
September the 11th
Mike helped trace the terrorist attack
yeah and I'm seeing our new homeland security chief
let's see what skeletons we got in this guy
so what's his name?
Churdov, Tidoff, Tidoff, Tidoff is the new
Homeland Security director nominee
his energy and intellect put him at the center
yeah just like you W.W. your intellect
put your right up there at the top
already improvements
especially increased information
but your the butcher Washington is speaking to the world
ladies and gentlemen the man with more blood on his hands than
headbubbing
he's the countless challenging to sit in
yeah anyway get out of our face
get off my show W.W. we don't have we only got four hours
anyway who is the a pull results?
we got the a mad dog stirats head it's a pretty sad state of affairs
when the operations manager doesn't even know what's going on
has to read Barry Jackass to find out what's going on
goes to show you who really counts right?
there's only one close you always talk about that inner circle
there's only one person in the inner circle
all the others are luck on the periphery on the edges of it
red reads inner circle and that's the little Barry
rhymes with Mary and Fairy and whatever else Harry
in fact he is Harry he's at least a couple of those
although you never had Barry Jackass
I'll tell you before you before they stick your ass in the ground
you must meet Barry Jackass it'll just turn your whole attitude
out of life all around you'll say boy the old man
really knew what he was talking about when he fingered this one
well so to speak where was God better take that call on
six though that's always a really winter Q.A.M.
hello and you yes sir good morning
when we come to make a really nice phone call to be
gonna hear this show just in case you want to like get out
just in case you want to get our chronic material ready you know
okay here's the facts
now is that the regular whisper is that the original was that the original
whisper because he actually it was articulated a few more
thoughts to not you today huh yeah it is kind of shocking
in fact that's probably him calling right back on six again Q.A.M.
hello whispering line Q.A.M.
yeah that was him where was God when the tsunami
disaster struck I think maybe we'll do that all day they take
like one call at a time I'll never get any of this stuff done
wouldn't it be good all right huh do
I think that's a great idea kind of like change the format
a little bit today not that we have a format here on Q.A.M.
and by the way you lose us over there Joel fine we're gonna like
crowd at whatever that is ESPN the station with no name
remember the song a horse with no name that's a station with no name
I mean ESPN radio is not the name of a radio station
am I right no it's not no it is not
there's a whole bunch of ESPN radio is this so that that means nothing
you guys lost you lost out we'll get to that very jackass
there we finally got some good news all right it would appear
although you know I haven't seen the written the things
you're on a contract the ranks might still be wet on the piece of
paper you know what when you deal with the beesleaves and Greg
read and Joyce and Carol and Beasley it could be like an
indelible like you know now you sign it there it is and then
next minute it's gone you never know with these this crowd
WQA and hello talk us interrupt this line hello
yeah call to speak to the mad dog what the hell will call
the four man mad dog you know right now call it four
truck see one thing about sports talk radio it is a
board but when you got the good personalities under that
that keep telling you that that's what these other losers
don't understand there's only one Hankelberg there's only one
Jim Manditch and that's it that's all you need and Joe
Rose is very good too which we wouldn't lost him but
nevertheless that's all they got I mean the idea that
somebody's going to listen to Craig Minervini or somebody's been
listening to Stu gots rambling on about the stupid same
crap about ball games I mean you people have to be crazy
over there didn't you learn your lesson from the fan and the
flon and the RFX all out of the crap didn't you get the
message it's something I guess send a message to Garcia and
fineberg will you please WQA and hello
hey Emil yes sir you know about the knowingly
and pictures the last time I said 90 percent black guys
why do you like them 90 percent I don't think so I think
like maybe 87.5 percent I like them because they're a great
team and they're exciting and that's why I like a
location luck in fact maybe you can look with a last guy
that called idiot WQA and hello yeah can I get
the Alexa sparking pass with the Panther tickets oh it's
bigger than the Panther tickets did you notice about the
concert yeah no I'm not talking to you I'm talking to him
he's sound like I you might actually know what a Panther
is beside a endangered species out there on alligator rally
do you ever drive through the area where it's like a Panther
zone sure and it's a weird and drive with caution because
the last seven Panthers are like out there on highway and the
Indians are still trying to get full mister and Roberto
LeWongo they're all out there hopping across the highway they
haven't got anything else to go on right now yes 620 this
morning I'm out of sleep I hear the sound of my
because I'm a I'm not a light sleeper but I'm if something
happens I guess that's a light sleeper right well
something different happening yeah I am because that beat
goes off on a fact machine when something's going to
percolate on there and here comes the facts and I thought
well it's way too early I looked at the clock it was
620 in the morning I said that ain't no little George
fax me at 620 in the morning and later on when I finally
got my ass out of bed around eight I came in here looked at it
sticks and Kansas to perform private concert for Panther
season seat holders see all your people you thought you were
buying tickets to the Panther game is to hockey games
but come to find out you were buying concert tickets and
that's what yeah to see sticks and I like sticks and
Kansas but let's face it I mean it's like a little bit dated
wouldn't you say and are any of the originals still
not in the middle of our trouble okay but not
I have no idea come sail away
excitio on Kansas he Kansas issue and sticks
a session Kansas issue and stitches up your assages
is what they're saying well we get to that of course there
are that many season ticket holders but 30 man so you're
probably have a lot of elbow room at that concert
what's the day for it it's on February 3rd Thursday 7 30
p.m. Kansas will be the opening act and then sticks as
in sticks where you want to stick to it anyway getting
back to that pull result I like this format today it's
just kind of inspired for this especially with all the
psychosis that's been going on here last uh...
for a long time last seven years too much
Hank sounds really pumped up in the morning doesn't he
sounds very enthusiastic out there I guess he likes this
schedule he can go have a little couple of lunches
and then he can head on the Hershey highway up there to
Palm Beach Canal Club or Palm Pino Park or if he really
wants to let his hair down it's good thing that
Moe final of his hair down I'll hit him over to Gulf
stream and like hang out with all the jury after extra
with their all the people all enough to be Hank's
grandparents and the plunge is guts out all day
that's that that's the horse players great that's the
dream when I did mornings on Zeta that one year many
a day that I was out there at Calder I'll plunge
your my guts out losing my ass wasn't as much fun as
going to wood by and lose my ass but that's another
story they're one here about that WQ I am hello
yes okay the whispering junior
say that the other report remember the song whispering
bells by the L Vikings that you look a brighter
members it should come go with me by the L Vikings
remember that no you know ABC Paramount records I
believe both of our will validated maybe that's not
the right label I would be bad that for my
and what it is WQ I am hello that guy earlier wasn't
me okay good WQ I am hello knew it yes it's
whispering Tuesday on Q.A.M. you know I know
Nail something from something's wrong if you're
internet connection you crack the volume okay
Reverend Jones well let's see so far spinning he said
we crank the volume I think the word crank is the
operative one in his call as you today WQ I am
hello yeah thanks for taking Howard off that
thing yeah okay thanks thanks for taking
Howard off right WQ I am hello no do it right
what practice makes perfect WQ I am hello yes I'd
like to know what I should make for young
Kippur make make a big duty how's that okay
here's the poor result where was God when these
tsunamis disaster struck 1462 votes it probably
more than that now but who cares let me switch it
okay all right well I'm clicking a couple of
things off of that he has we speak to he's
adding one the options to today's poll yeah well
we'll get to that let's take your time now that we got to
full four hours we don't have that big rush like
we used to have okay the big rushes on the new
another station pop in some big fat oxies where
was God when these tsunamis disaster struck
with our poll yesterday we had on about 15 and
revoked God is a thing that demands creation
412 votes there was only
three hundred and eight said that God
doesn't interfere with nature 290 tiny the outcome
of football games where God spends a lot of time
187 I wonder if God appreciated that moon in the
Viking game by Randy Moss here we had a hard
to go about that they make a big
stimulus and they were right it was a simulated
moon it wasn't a full moon it was like more of
like a quarter moon he was smoking a big fat
one the Lord was 127 God caused the
tsunami to punish the infidel 73 oh that
vacates I'll come back see God's punishing
me you know what is that oh what
what was it that's a line where it's a God
causing to punish the infidel they started
gagging and choking you see that God is
after me now all brother am I in trouble
do you need a high look yeah God was on
vacation 43 and God keeps screwing up
22 there was a lot of yesterday's
pull in this already time for the first
break oh I think I just had a little accident
my pants anyway 12 minutes after 10
this has been some day hasn't it
we haven't started yet no this is
been really start the break huh we'll
start the real show no no I don't think
we'll ever start I think we want to hear all these
whisperers today this is perfect that was it
we need a little something little diversion
and perversion after this psychotic crap
that's been going on here and believe me
none of it is contrived we don't have to
contrabandy psychotic crap when you're
working at the beastly and qa and grid
replace believe you me 12 minutes after 10
at 560 here's the schedule for today
and we don't have it yet now it's the same as
yesterday I guess and girl these got
a show back at 7 to 10 how do you all
grab you know IRS tax problems have a way
of ruining all aspects of your life they take a tool on you
financially physically and emotionally you can
never really forget about those IRS problems
they come back every morning when you wake up
while your facts machines going off CPA
a g me buck wall to the buck wall tax firm will
help and your IRS problems forever and give you back
peace of mind that's why other top CPA law firms are further
clumps to the buck wall tax firm when they have problems with the old
IRS why not avoid potential criminal prosecution get all on file
tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records suppose you have an
IRS lien wage liby O payroll taxes and penalties
want to settle for thousands less than you
own need time to pay whatever you're a deal
the buck wall tax firm can help you out they offer
free initial consultation affordable guaranteed fees and
immediate relief if not sooner from IRS harassment or
harassment or however you like to say it it's a pain in the ass
best of all you never have to even meet with the
IRS because the buck wall tax firm handles all those
meetings and discussions you don't even have to show up
so call today and get that IRS monkey off your
back call 954 575 2800 that's 954 575 2800
whether you're 10,000 a million or whatever in between
IRS taxes the buck wall tax firm can help you out
call them today for your free consultation or visit them on
the stop worrying about the IRS knocking down that front door
here's that number one more time for the west coast
954 575 2800
we are on your mornings and weeks and
for some round of clock to fight for
the rest of the week
New York good morning Americans it's Paul Harvaves
and live for news Ralph and Edna were both patients
in a mental hospital one day while they were walking past
the hospital swimming pool Ralph suddenly jumped into the
deep end he sank to the bottom of the pool and stayed there
Edna promptly jumped and to save him she swam to the bottom
and pulled Ralph out when the head nurse became aware of
Edna's heroic act she immediately ordered her to be
discharged from the hospital as she now considered her to
be mentally stable when she went to tell Edna the news
she said and I have good news and bad news the good news is
you're being discharged since you were able to rationally respond to a
crisis by jumping in and saving the life of another patient
the bad news is Ralph the patient you saved hung himself right after you
saved him with his bathrobe belt in the bathroom
I am sorry to say he is dead
and the reply he didn't hang himself I put him there to dry
Paul Harvaves
good day I actually like that one that is cute
that is cute ten that not you know fold on the floor oh my god
history it's kind of cute right just like that 1017 at 560 WQ
we're going to break all records today we're going to take 45,000 calls
and probably I'll be from the same three people too that's a best part
well so far it's been that anyway Vanessa Kelly's
are being occurredly today pretty good picture too as a matter of fact
well I've had decent basOOM was there too was born February 20th now
what about that picture of the from John Stewart book
John I emailed it to Eric so I was so we can understand it is kind of
a kind of blockchain if he can clean it up maybe we could put it in a
blocky yeah are you talking about Eric's complexion again no
the Supreme Court oh I see yeah the Supreme Court is kind of
very true but but anyway so it's that picture from the John Stewart book
we'll get it on the website today just one more reason to take a few
cadet anyway Vanessa Kelly's behind to be the curtain of the new
director of online security at least the nominee is Michael Churdoff
sounds a little too much to me I don't know although he looked like it is
really spy I don't know who this guy is Vanessa Kelly born February 25th
1974 in Sydney Australia she was in at S Club 7 I believe right I
guess that well we're seeing the maybe because she was in S Club 7 in New Zealand
oh no maybe she wasn't I see as deep obsession maybe she's not a member of
the group I don't know in any way she looks okay former member of the pop
group deep obsession oh I see so in other words they were in the movie with
S Club 7 which you don't want to see absolutely they're all let's see she was in
one movie beside that my old poitian known Chi Mai okay little Italian
little Tizi Puri very poorly spoken by me by the way that was a TV series that
was on for about five minutes and that was yeah but anyway she looks pretty good nobody
knows who she is but take a look and you'll probably want to know that behind to
be the curtain today so we got Michael Churdoff at the online security maybe
all depending on how many skeletons he's got rattling around his closet and
we got Vanessa Kelly on the big curtain what's not to like now the big news of
course is the big news all right so tuning yesterday expecting you to finally
to get this soap opera ended here to get our line up our ducks in a row which I
keep using that term and there we go again all before we do that though the
poll today and you're telling me you added a bunch more names on this no not a
bunch more we were just adding the ones you submitted Josh does that you know oh
really yeah well Eric doesn't even do that no what a lazy fat tub man here's the
poll today other than the adjusted joke Eric okay I'll don't just call here whatever
you do it like I can start emailing you go what do you pick it on me just a joke
relax you do a fine job Eric you demand okay whatever and don't be tipping at the
SUV over again please if you sit a little more closer to the middle yeah he probably
like it was listing off to one side wherever he he was driving right I was
there it was listing off to the left other than Neil because I don't want to put
myself on here because that's like self-aggrandizing oh we all love now hey don't
anyway huh you're everybody's favorite fact at least in this audience oh I see well
that's why I'm not putting on there other than Neil who's your favorite all-time
favorite game music TV movie or radio personality gay buy or suspected see just
because we put somebody out of list today doesn't mean that they're necessarily gay
or buy or even have the right equipment to do anything like evolutions just a
theory or suspected right in other words there are rumors you know the rumors go around
here's the list we got so far and fact we got votes on there already because I
swished a poll a little while ago I swished it Elton John a dozen now ordinarily
I would have voted for Miss Elton John but she's got to be such a bitchy queen
lately I did not vote for Elton John how you like that you did though no I didn't
she's got a dozen Paul in's got seven Kevin Spacey for now let's see Kevin one
day he's in one day he's out nice day not too sure right right he's like go to
lunch George go to lunch will you go to lunch no L.I.D.
and she's not funny she's not attractive she's just a just a pain in the ass
dyke that just won't go away they just keep trying to force this her on us I don't
know what that's all about the committee Tom Bruce Cruz three now of course he
denies it vociferously although he is a Scientologist probably should have
put John revolt on here too and just because I'm one of these people might be
married and have 75 kids or whatever that doesn't get him off the hook even for
old times sake we don't even know who the father is really Tom Cruz three Charles
Nelson Riley's got a pair he's still alive right far as I know Charles
Riley maybe no get out of here might want to check that out pretty sure he's
still carry grant to Anthony Perkins to Raymond Burr had a pair and then
Gorbidal's guy but that's my vote for Gorbidal Ricky Martin won Leo de
Capriol won just rumors James A. Bullock won James Dean won then we got also on
list Alice Rantell Norma Kent Montgomery Cliff Sigfried the fishbaker his
partner Ron who's doing so much better so they say Erica strata and Salminio see
this Friday with no Salminio from Selda Barber right right who now
remember Salminio he was he was good buddies with James Dean though and he was
also in the same movie Rebel without a cause remember that you see that I
found back as I did was weak him back as was good he was the voice of Mr. McGoo
he was on I'm Mary Joan for those other real parts out there like me see when
you get to be all like me then you remember all this good stuff and everybody says
what is that man talking about right who can be in the past with all this
Arcane crap that's back in the day when things were really I don't know I think
if you saw those shows right now you'd say boy who would watch this crap although
you can't see him right there all these nice right the channels on there TV
land right are there a whole bunch of channels like that Nick and Nickelodeon
which most of those shows you wouldn't give a nickel four look at the
call the calls on here man this is at least what eight or nine now for each
one of them a call thousand times today and they probably will
call the radio
and bring your party Charles and Raleigh is still alive
to tell you she's still a puppet on that type WQA and hello QA and
and you know good morning when is this I'll probably be the only guy but I
from Boston on that part I would have to vote for David Breudnor
David Breudnor he just died yeah he just died and the other thing I want to
just two things I wanted to say number one I'm sorry we lost the underwear
stadium and number two if it's your station management at any sense they put
the ratings leader on in the morning you can't fix it then all right toward
that story I turned it down they wanted me to do mornings and they offered me a
crap load of money to do it and I said no I'm not getting up 4.30 in the
morning to do morning drive okay I don't want to do mornings ever again I
would in fact I never will do mornings for any amount of money unless you want
to pay me like 50 million that I do it for about three weeks right yeah sounds
like a deal I'm not gonna do it there's no chance of I do it plus Hank sounds
very happy and that slot he seems really chipper and awake in a life oh I just
hope by the fact it's hard to read so I will fix it that's his what Errol Flynn
or Errol Flynn definitely he was a gay blade a real swishbucker a swashbucker
Errol Flynn I don't know and Danny K we could put Danny K rhymes with
yeah because there was no doubt about that and you know what rhymes with Danny K
and gay Sir Lawrence Olivier a a a what do you say that in fact that that was
supposedly the duo there was all I know another one I got for you see a lot of
these are obscured of this audience tab hunter he was supposedly Tony Perkins
a boyfriend right tab hunter even though of course he's still alive and he
denies it was there any doubt about tab hunter man he was a real life he was
pretty back in the he used to be in westerns you probably seen him in some
movies I've seen him run didn't what isn't what you're looking at also a couple
movies where it ran around almost naked the home movie what didn't you do
gay porn tab hunter yeah or that story I don't know maybe you're just lo and
me some I don't know but that's not too good George George is talking about
gay porn now oh I got it I want to see it huh huh guys it's always screaming
you're a faggot is gonna be calling in for sure now see we know it all along
George finally let it slip yeah maybe George is wearing a slip what do you care
mind your own business take 27 past 10 you used to be real pretty tab hunter man
he was pretty pretty weak to he had that song he he ripped off from sunny James
young love he couldn't sing a lick he could lick it but he sure couldn't sing it
remember that young love on dot records sunny James had the big hit on capital
where am I coming up with all this crap my mind is just room and we haven't even
got to very jackass yet it's already time for the 1026 30 break you people over
there at ESPN radio nice tribe I guess what the board goes back not a match
that was concentration right right with you downs and then our James
constipation there was somebody else was on that show later on but I forget who
the hell that was see the more recent it is the more you just erase out of your
memory the old ancient stuff that was the good stuff yeah I'm telling you I
know because the passage of time makes it nostrils and just anything you know I
just think it was so great and then of course like places you go back at all
brother like Detroit all of Detroit was pretty exciting and great until they
decided to burn the city down since that has more the crap 27 after 10 at
560 WQM when you shop for quality footwear great selection professional
service on beatable prices let me say it again on beatable prices there's only
one shoe store that ought to pop in your mind that's brandy shoes and
pompato beach I mean why take a chance with your feet because if you don't
worry the right shoes if you haven't got the right size the perfect fit it's
bad for you man you're gonna know it in no time at all at Brandy's the sales
holds know your feet inside and off they'll make damn sure you get a perfect
fit every time they got the top quality names to choose from like rock
ports floor shine S.A.S.S. Spirit Timberland naturalizer all of this and with
Brandy's humongous selection chances are you'll never hear sorry mr or man we
don't have that style in your size it's on a shelf ready to slap on your fat
feet right now Brandy's is open daily every day of the week Monday through
Saturday and I'm in the AM to line PM Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll find Brandy's
at 12.90 North Federal Highway in Pompino Beach always well worth the trip
and right now it's a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's this week you
can take ten bucks off on all great women's styles so we sure to make a
special pit stop at Brandy's this week or you can buy on the web from at
Brandy's shoes dot com
you
will
watch it
and
listen
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
Last night, see who was true to his word.
He waited till last night.
He evaluated.
He calculated.
He said that dolphins are given a hope and not an assurance to remain under the radio
analyst, even if the team makes its expected move to $790 ESPN radio, the station would
no name.
The ESPN station which offered mandates a 1-4pm weekday show likely will oppose having
a QM announcer in his dolphins booth and probably will seek major concessions.
Whether the dolphins will be willing to grant those concessions to keep managed on the
broadcast remains to be seen, the issue likely will be addressed shortly.
In other words, stay tuned to bury because that's the only place you'll find out.
The rest of us, we know nothing.
I have a contract for the Finns for the next two years have been told by the team,
you are our guy, said manage, who's been with the dolphins radio analyst for 13 seasons.
If a contract between Jim Manish and the dolphins isn't good, then what contract is
he asked?
Don't get me started.
If the mandates $790 ESPN radio cannot be resolved, the team's options will be to reverse
course late in the process and stay with QM or more likely pay off the last two years
of manages his contract, to which he'd probably say as much as he enjoys being on
those games, if he can get paid the last two years without lifting a finger, it probably
wouldn't mind that at all, you think?
No, who would?
Mandate said, I told the dolphins I will step aside if I become a problem of them in
negotiations.
Mandate said he accepted the QM offer instead of $790, primarily because of the hours,
a 1-4 PM show blew an enormous hole in my day, said manage, who had been doing 2-4
for QAM.
It would have been, I would have been unable to accommodate my construction business obligations
of money was so close it's not to be a factor.
Dolphins play by playing out there Howard David's contract with the team has expired, just
like his muskrat it's expired and $790 likely would oppose his hiring too because he is
now the 2-4 PM week they host on QAM.
See that's just stupid on their part.
Really stupid.
Yeah, especially the Mad Dog one, I mean oh yeah, okay on the games, I mean he's no
Rick Weaver but then again who is?
Right, but you see what I'm saying?
I mean if they had Mad Dog if they kept him on the games and kept the continuity there
and it would be their benefit but it's all spiked it sounds like a, oh we're going
to do this so we're going to kick your ass, no you're not, you're not kicking anybody's ass
Joel.
You're in La La Land, I don't care how much money you got.
Sports nerds are a dime a dozen.
All these little stew gotses and all these little clearances and all these little wannabe
sports people, Donnie Bees, you know we've had a zit inside like an assembly line, like
like they punch him out on an assembly line.
Little boy sports nerd wannabees.
You know what they, you know the kind I'm talking about.
No, I don't.
Yeah you do.
Like stew gots.
We've had 80 million stew gotses in that place.
Now once in a while a guy like Curtis comes along who's got some talent who eventually will
have his own show and eventually will like go somewhere in the business and then other
than that you got people like he's running around pretending on these make believe stations
like stew gotses.
And again not a bad guy right?
Good guy.
In fact didn't Rickon said he used to play that song about Nat on John Weiner?
I do.
I was talking about my favorite.
I think that tied right in with our top of the day with something about Nat more on John
Weiner.
But anyway, they just aren't the big names.
So we got Hank Glover, we got Mad Dog locked up and we got Geldie which is not the most
perfect name.
Of course we got Moe to the floor.
That was the buffer now.
I wish he would just lighten up a little bit.
That's all I was saying the enough this morning which you were probably even dropping.
I was right here.
We need to go back to those days.
You know when there was a little more levity in there which I don't know if he can do that
because he's a very serious guy with that centaurion voice and all and everything is
like very loud like kind of like he's screaming at you the mole master.
He would just lighten it up a little bit.
Maybe a couple of shades would be good.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
You're welcome.
No extra charge.
So that's the deal.
Here's the lineup as I see it.
Oh, here's one.
How could we forget her?
George Michael.
Oh, hold on.
He's a little out of sight out of mind.
George Michael now appearing in a tea room close by you and he was getting her on there
right away.
So what we got on there so far.
Here's the lineup as we pencil it and Hank Orlando L's a Geary.
See how to side out of mind also five to seven in the morning and for the real early bird
crowd.
The Supreme Court picture is up behind the beat.
Good.
A lot of reasons to look at our website today.
We got the naked Supreme Court justices at least contrived.
We got the beaten curtain with Vanessa Redgrave Vanessa Kelly and then we got red Kelly
naked behind that which is really exciting.
Other than Neil who's your all time favorite gay personality.
Okay.
I want to read all that other stuff.
What do we got?
We got a lot.
Now we got 123 votes.
Elton John 26 Paul in 20 Kevin Spacey 13 who's a great actor.
Marlon Brando 8 and even greater actor Tom Cruz 8 Ellen in January 6 Ian McClellan
5 already James J Bullock 5 Carrie Grant 5 Raymond Ver 5 Charles Nelson Rally 4 Anthony
Perkins 3 Leo Leonardo da Vinci 2 Grovid L2 Montgomery Cliff 2 and just small potatoes.
We're just getting a thing going.
I realize it was going to be such a project in the beginning.
I thought you know like I said yesterday when a guy faxed that in.
I said that's a good pull idea.
I just don't know there'll be a lot of names on there because most people are in the
class.
I mean that's a nice job of scanning Josh did there.
Oh, I got to check that up in a nice job of interesting character there.
Okay.
That's what I got Eric.
I'm going to make that my wallpaper.
Are you?
No.
19 before 11 at 5 CCW.
I mean you can't know line up is let's see.
We're 10 to 2 more Howard David 2 to 4 Jim Manage 4 to 7 Steve Geltie Geltstein 7 to 10.
80 K 10 to 2 in the morning.
Sporting news radio to the 5 when we start all over again.
That's the now we got it and maybe Clarence will get off his lazy skinny ass and they'll
find to get around to doing it like a putting it in print and getting their stupid ass
promos those erroneous promos off the air about Howard Stern showing all the stuff that
we have announced in Jesus with a baby.
Get with it Clarence.
Okay.
Do some work.
Quit sitting around it out with the beast in your lap and do some work for a change.
Hey, the main man Anthony Kelly into it except in this cap of the mortgage says it's
time for new years resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards lowering
your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash and investing in reminiscate
are on the top of your list when it outpull it out.
South Florida's one of the hottest real estate markets in the US so like keep so much equity
in your house or pay high interest rates.
The main man's new years resolution is to give it back to the community.
So this year they partnered with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping
over 5,000 abused and neglected children each year.
Acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this
great cause.
What sits kids of his own the main man knows how important being a parent is so forget
about calling anybody else call the main man Anthony Kelly and though at 888483 loan.
That's 1 888483 loan or go to the main man.com and you can tell out your application right
online.
Call them today 1 4883 loan.
The motion jigsaw meet the blockers made 163 million dollars in just 12 days so we're
getting ready to do another one.
We've basically just rewritten the first two movies with the same old jokes since no one
seems to notice and we're calling it meet the blockers friends.
The whole cast returns with the addition of Paris Hilton is free to fucker and Bern
Troy are a Cindy Lou fucker the smallest fucker then get ready for some exciting news.
Next year another fucker first as we present meet the blockers friends friends.
We signed Harvey Firestein to play gay Uncle Flip Walker and former New Jersey governor
Jim McGreeby to play his husband Fred Walker.
Don't miss the hilarity when flippin Fred Walker fall face first into a fiery fire cracker
fire.
But they're okay.
They're fuckers.
That thing's really good funny when mother fucker catches the boys making gay love on the
fucker front porch ring.
We're gonna pretty much miss the fuckers for all their work.
Plus you'll hear all the same jokes like I have nipples great can you milk me and I'm
gonna take you down.
Take you down to Chinatown.
Meet the blockers friends and meet the blockers friends friends coming soon to a fucker theater
near you.
Okay here's the fact is I love the music of Queens so I have to put in my vote for Fred
Henry Mercury how can we forget.
I don't want to take my vote now.
And somebody says Nathan Lane how about Lewis Lane she was a dike oh no she wasn't a
dike it was what's his name Freddie Olson Jimmy Olson for the guy so what does his name
he's still alive I believe about 175 years old anyway Nathan Lane you get that we got
it.
So I looked for that fantastic picture the Supreme Court justice is on there from the John
Stewart book that Josh's work favorously to get on there and you both tell me how great
it is the only problem is it's not there.
Behind the beat of curtain.
Oh the beat of curtain no that's right there's no to do we can't best leave when you look
at me oh boy sorry sorry mister the waiter Ginsburg fuzzy yeah she got the giant cans.
Okay there's Vanessa Kelly who looks pretty good there's Anna Cornelhoid your sister
there this one of these were gonna have to scroll down eight thousand yeah yeah yeah
to get to it.
Something fun for you to do.
Oh god there's Anna and there's Anna again oh here we go.
Oh yeah.
See what I mean about clarity exaggerating this is the all-time best best wow look at that
oh I did I didn't know William Hung was a member of the Supreme Court look at that now
what is that oh he has got such a big mouth and soot or a suitor man oh man he makes
me feel proud what that was that I think that's in any.
And right waste it looks like he's got the wrong gender organ there I don't want to say
the V word but that yeah well whatever that is that's a beautiful thing there's the Supreme
Court justice and that's why Walmart won't put the John Stewart book in its stores and
that's why Mississippi uh libraries took it out of the library because it's got that
one page in there would have very amusing and hysterically funny picture of the Supreme
is a little bit darker nevertheless it's still that's still okay in our book and anybody's
book.
Oh you can't do that it's blasphemous how many years ago did Gordel Wright Myron where
he used the names of organs instead of the Supreme Court justices her heaving coals and
a throbbing rent quest all of that this is where this is all ripped off from that idea although
done this is well it's not better five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon
Singular Rottles lines WQA am hello yeah I have one for the fabulous please yes
Blue Christie
Blue Christie yeah man okay let's get around there right away to a little
Blue Christie I guess I love Blue Christie's music sure it wouldn't have him so much for the
music right and we like Blue Christie I just ratcheting your pants two faces yeah
that a ticket only owes you five on that hearty our perfect and arena for the Miami
me I didn't do a arena somehow don't see bright better ask your full important and
you'll get five and the eight is not down there's no basketball there all on strike let's
run a please down and enjoy New Jersey before
I say us Roch cuts an outfit we've forgotten Rock Hudson says Brian and pop it away
Chip on us outside other my about Petersburg chamber neighbors in Iraq and what about
Wally Cox. He was Mr. Peepers. He used to be on Hollywood Square. Oh, Wally Cox.
Newerdy Little Godwood glasses. Right. He used to be Marlon Brando's roommate. Do you know that? Nope.
Wally Cox. Who else did you say? Rock Hudson. Rock Hudson. Oh, this list. I can't believe this list.
It's growing like crazy. So many fags and so little time like they say in the clan.
Okay. Here's a little line. There's a look for the Q&A van right now. If the shell station on the street just west of I 95 right where we used to work over there. Remember those days?
How's our good buddy with a parking spot? What was his name? Jack Mark. Jack Mark. I think he's still dead. That'll teach you.
X Mark the spot where that the parking spot used to be Jack. What a jerk. He used to give us crap because we parked in this parking spot and they parking area with plenty of parking.
Anybody could park where they want. But oh, no. We had his own marked parking spot. And if you're part of his spot, well, God, that helped you. That's all I can tell you.
Stop by to pick up a movie past to watch Coach Carter night at the Riga Oakwood Plaza. So look for the Q&A van right now. The shell station. Anybody knows where that is?
It's right kitty corner. That big water tower. Isn't it? Yes, it is. In detail. Very good Hollywood. So anyway, it'll be there until the passes. The movie passes are going to watch Coach Carter.
What's that all about at the Riga Oakwood Plaza? What's Coach Carter? That's about Jimmy Carter, Billy Carter. I think it's about high school basketball. Aaron Carter, Nick Carter.
Yeah, with Samuel Jackson. Chris Carter, right? Jimmy Carter. I just got to say I'm sorry Rosalind Carter. And what was the era of daughter's name that Ricardo looking?
June? No. Oh, June Carter. Yeah. June Carter. She's dead and so is Johnny. I'll be damned. Now what was the daughter's name? Jimmy Carter and Rosalind and that frisley here.
Amy. Well, like, huh? Amy. Amy Carter. Very good. How about Amy? A simple, but first and so anyway this morning, you know, that hold the deep stuff. They're all related. Anyway, it's all the same family. It's just one big family.
Stixon, Kansas. I mentioned this before, but it's so overwhelming. It's so ridiculous. You know, see the people I've bought the hockey tickets. We pay to see hockey.
Not to watch a bunch of old washed out, whatever is left to do is wrong rock bands perform. I don't want to pay on your parade because I certainly want to promote hockey.
But this has nothing to do with hockey. Doesn't this is called bait and swish is what it is. There you go. The baby leaves. See, it's way may I have the big leaves, but we got the baby leaves.
Anyway, legendary rock band. Stixon, Kansas will hold a magnificent evening of entertainment exclusively for Florida, Panther season seat holders. Absolutely. How many are there?
Sweetholders corporate sponsors WCI communities private club members, whatever that is. Have no idea what that is. And VIP guests at the office, Retha, center, a deep bow center.
An evening with Sticks schedule for Thursday February, the third Kansas will be the opening actually to begin at 7 30 pm. And if you're a Panther season ticket holder, our very exclusive, small group, then I'm sure you already got this facts or in the mail or on your doorstep somewhere.
We have a spectacular evening of entertainment planned exclusively for our most valued fans and partners, my most valued friend, Luca, chief operating officer Michael, your mark said we wanted to pay tribute to them with a special private night and thank them for their tremendous support.
I wonder if they're going to that includes the cardboard cutouts they're going to put in the stands to look at the night Gary, a bit man showed up and they pretended they had 16,000 people for the Bruins game.
When there's about 9,000 in the house, now let's put get some cardboard fans in the stands, Michael. Sticks and Kansas are two renowned rough fans will provide our guests with a great evening to remember. We're proud to offer this unique opportunity for your charge to all our locked in season seat holders and supporters as opposed to locked out as far as a hockey is concerned.
And to be honest with it, the way the Panthers have played last few seasons, Sticks and Kansas sounds like an upgrade to me.
Thought of what I'm saying. Yeah, even if it's just a shadow of their former fans with both very good groups, no mistake about that.
It says office depot centers, home to more than 165 events annually in the Panthers hockey club. If they ever decide to play again, the NHL city owners have got the players got to protect the owners because they can't control themselves. They're out of control.
Don't let us spend so much. Make a salary cap because otherwise we're going to go crazy. Speaking of stadiums, wait till we get to that story about the pro player. No more PPP Park. Are you familiar with this? No. As Wayne. See, I guess I guess he's trying to like go back to the day when we're supposed to have a blockbuster park. Remember that?
Sure. All that pie in the sky and when he was going to build us there, he was going to do that. And of course, he sold all his blockbusters to a stock and he went on TV,
tearfully with a crocodile tears. Oh, gee, I'm so choked up and gagging. And then I got only a couple of billion dollars over here now from on my stock.
The interesting part of that is that even after he got out of blockbuster, it still sucks. Yeah, right? Right. So you can't blame for that one. You blame for a lot of other crap.
But don't blame him for blockbuster being butt says censoring right wing super moralizing video chain that put a lot of mom and pop people out of business,
a lot of good people have tried to like provide you with a service. And in the meantime, they like to censor the movies, which is unacceptable. Don't ever buy.
If you want to see an unexperienced version of like a controversial movie, don't buy it shockbuster because the odds are it'll probably be like exporgated. Have you seen the new commercials? No. Supposedly, I don't know if you see it.
It says that there's no more late. Right. No, there no more late. So so what happens like you you could just keep the movie forever much. Okay. Right. Just hang on just out of spite. Just keep it forever until he's until they start calling you and you know putting pipe bombs in your mailbox.
Just but they mean just like off you needed extra couple days. Go ahead. So yeah, but I'm sure that that's you know, a little exaggeration. I'm here. He kept it for more than a week. They come and break your legs. You kidding me?
We want to move back you bastard. Like a little center, but maybe that means they're starting to get some real good competition from some of these individual video stores. Wouldn't that be great? That would be now because blockbuster nobody likes blockbuster.
I mean, there are people who are forced to go there because they don't have any like other neighborhood video store, but the idea that anybody wants to shop there is ludicrous. That would be like saying, oh, we want to shop it like a wind. Dixie, you know. Oh, why? Huh? Nothing. It's funny because it's true.
Do you think that there's there any such people really exist? No. I mean, they are the beef people. So what's your beef?
Yours needs a meal Rogers. This is the meal Roger show. This is your brain. Any question?
And now we take you back to New Year's Eve and Times Square for highlights of Fillin' Host, Regis Filvin's performance.
10 p.m. Regis says, how about those orange hats? 1023 p.m. Regis says, I just can't get off of those orange hats. 1026 p.m. Commercial break. 1041 p.m. Regis said, hey Ashley, have you seen the orange hats?
1046 p.m. Commercial break. 1057 p.m. Regis says, thank you Lenny Cratton. I only wish you could see these amazing orange hats.
These hats are everywhere. 1143 p.m. Regis says, alright, let's go back out to Times Square with that blonde girl I never met before tonight.
Who's standing in a sea of orange hats? 1150 p.m. Commercial break. 5 seconds before midnight. Regis says, 5, 2, 3, 2, I just love those orange hats. Happy New Year everybody.
Get yourself an orange hat for the New Year, they're great. I think I speak for us all when I say, get better soon, pick card. And hop up those orange hats.
This fact here just sends me an orbit, man, this is the best. Message, A. Lincoln, Chester A. Arthur, Tanner in the morning, all Y100 DJs, 1975 to 2001.
A. Lincoln and Chester A. Arthur were Y100 DJs? They had a good time. I thought he was talking about A. Lincoln and Chester Alan Arthur, but never less.
I mean, just because A. Lincoln was ugly with that big mole there, although I haven't heard that. Bill Tanner, we ought to put her on there and I'll tell you who else we left off.
Brian, you're a crime. Now as part of his punishment, the weather fairer from Channel 7 Miss Kamala is not allowed to be on there as part of the punishment to court included along with the five years minimum is no no polls.
Oh, you know, I got this story about the preacher. I got that. I'll get to it. I got it. I'm way ahead. I don't miss too much. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Let's go to Zidium calls on a damn distant kind of a wild and zany mood, you know, based on those first couple of calls. You don't have to whisper. You can actually speak up if you want or not as the case may be. Whatever makes you feel better.
I'll tell you this boy. Somebody QA and hello. And how are you doing? Okay. How about Marlon Brando and Robert Greenbrings? Can I have your stick stick?
Oh, if I've told you once, I've told you it. Yeah, times about that Robert Greenbr. Now we don't need him. My kind don't need him. We got enough baggage. We got Bob Coons. You know, to deal with him. We got a lot of these other.
I'll tell you this new this Michael shirt off was the new nominee by El Presidente by Dufus to be the Homeland Security. He looks. In fact, they look at him right there. There is one obvious reason the president made this. He looks like a terrorist to me. Then he does. Maybe the.
I'm going to mind if I saw him on a plane that I was sitting on. I would run right off. I get I run through the jet. I just changed my plans. Right. He looks dangerous. I think he's. You know, maybe he's good friends with bushes. Saudi buddies. Maybe he's one of that crowd. I know who he is, but I know I don't want any part of him.
W.A.M. Hello. I deal with about Joe. I'm going to be. W.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Oh, hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Give Graham Chapman on the way. Graham Chapman. I didn't know he was. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Really? And what's your take on the.
I'm going to be. So far. So good. Okay. Like me. Yeah. Good. Good. I look like. Yeah. The next Sabin era man. The wants that era was depressing, but so far the Sabin era has been unblemished. Isn't it? That's right.
Sabin air so excited. They've even changed the name of the ballpark. Let's see. Blockbuster has no late fees. They just charge the total amount on your credit card after 10 or so days. It says. Oh, yeah. That voice from the turd bit is one to psych. She has a show on Comedy Central.
And my favorite deck is Alicia Keys and favorite bag Ricky Williams. Good. Do not put Ricky Williams on there. Okay. Although there are rumors. Yeah. I didn't know by Lisa. Well, Alicia Keys. I don't know. I mean, if somebody is up on the list that if somebody says it, then it's a rumor right off the bat, but not Ricky Williams.
Poor Ricky's got enough. He's got enough problems already enough heavy baggage to hear him. We keep hearing it all the time. And the person might be something to it, but he's got 85 children by 85 different women. Well, that proves anything, but another. The only thing that proves he gets around.
Is that he likes to spread it around. Vernon says, Deeming with no late fees with blockbuster. They only give you two to three extra days. Then they charge it the total fee for the movie. Well, I see some other words after two to three days, if you don't bring it back, they just charge you the whole what will trust the
movie when you return the movie. They take the charge for the movie off. But then they charge you a $10 dollar. A $10 restock fee. I found this out last week when I try to return a movie to blockbuster.
Thanks for it. And they give you a song today. So keep it as long as you want. But guess what? What charge you $45,000. And will I put a lean on your house and lean on you?
Bill withers lean on me. Remember that. Bill withers. That is all right. Not using depressing Bobby Golds brother. Certain artists always did very pressing.
So Bobby Golds bro. Everybody was always dying and you know, she was so wonderful. But now she's dead and honey. She was real sweetheart. Now she's dead. Kind of like Robert Blake would be singing that song. I would think 48 votes for out in John Paul.
All in 33 famous bags your favorite Kevin Spacey 20 Ellen, the general 15 Tom Cruise 12. It's only a rumor. Tommy. We don't believe it. Oh, yeah, we do. I'm all in brand of love. It was notoriously into anything that moved. Men, women, you name it Leonardo da Vinci 10.
Raymond, bro 9 carry grant 7 Ian McClellan 6. Gordel 6 Charles Nelson, Riley. She's got six. See now that Quixos aren't too popular anymore. We don't see a Charles Nelson.
Riley much. Although she was in the game. So channel. Which you do match game shows. What do you do? Yeah, you absolutely. In fact, I can put on here right now. If you want to hear it. See it. What's on right now?
He is what I want. Oh, there's match game. Look at that. Oh, they're in break. But when you come back from the break, maybe Charles Nelson, Riley will be on this. If that happens, I'm going to say I'm going to the track. Let's play along. But wouldn't that be great though? It would be my psychic powers, which I mean, who downloads what time this show is on there?
It just happens to be on right now match game. Jean Rayber will be on there. He's still dead. Come to find out he was a real bastard. What everybody said, of course. I never met him. Did you eat him? No.
Another game. That's why show thank goodness. I don't think they ever try to bring back to me. Not to my knowledge. Well, what we watched was a, you know, it bring back. It came back. Remember there was that game. No, I understand that.
I mean, it was a different with a different host, no, different set. The whole thing like that. It was family feud. I mean, these different incarnations of family feud are making enough to make me big for Richard Dawson back, even in his.
A sonility. It is just tragic is what it is. Anyway, Elden John 49 Paul, 35 Kevin Spacey 20 Ellen, degenerate 15 Marlon Brando, a dozen time cruise, 12 Leonardo da Vinci 10 Raymond, burn nine Charles Nelson, Rayleigh, Terry, Grand A.
Ian McClellan, six, Gourmet, Al six James, a Bullock, five. That said, oh, this is, you know what? I just made a liar out of my style. Oh, this is a.
50. A waiter later reason for score by plan against the clock. We'll use plastic sets and plastic hosts. Oh, Christine. But you know, who's in the upper right corner?
Match ups. I just we think is the best. I will positive. You agree you get $50. The 30. I never even saw this. I didn't know they we made no steel blank.
Steel mill steel magnolias.
Do my billion match. Mount blank. Mount up Mount Rushmore. Not restaurant. This pop blank pop tart pop music pop music.
Match French blank French toast French cup French toast.
Match. Lean blank lean ground beef lean on me lean on me.
I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm a machine Miami vice.
Miami.
I believe that. What is that one on five three and I'm telling a lot of men.
I was in the time. Okay. Let's say the panel.
I think it's true.
I think it's true.
Yeah. Five.
Okay. John.
We can read your.
There was this New Year host man. He had no gene.
Charles Nelson.
I'm not sure why I'm right. How do you like that?
This is the day that will live in infamy man. This is one of the most remarkable days of my life.
Can you believe that and lean on me totally moly.
I just mentioned that in passing. These people don't believe me about my psychic prowess.
Right. We believe it. Oh yeah.
WQA and hello.
Bill withers line. Hello.
Hello.
Charles Nelson Riley show. Hello.
Neil. Are you?
That's me.
Hey. Neil. How you doing?
Neil. I got one for you and I got just for from my wife. She loves Vendezza.
But I heard things.
I'm not sure.
Boy. He ran like Vendezza.
Listen. Yeah. That was really great.
WQA and hello.
William DeFoe is gay.
William DeFoe is gay.
William. I know.
I know. I know.
He's a great actor. He's gay.
I had no idea.
Yeah. I think he is.
I've heard it.
Let's spread the rumor.
Well, these are just, you know, like a pool says either by gay or suspected by anyone.
That wasn't expected.
A lot of suspects in the vacant city. I've telling that right now.
Just like three freaky circles out there for reception desk.
I suspect that one.
No.
Oh, I suspected.
Could be wrong.
WQA. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes.
Do you want one of your palies amidst Erica Strata?
Is I'm there.
And your old buddy, Bill Cawder.
Bill Cawder.
You should know you speak.
You know, I'm not going to talk to him.
So, Schmock, no, I don't think so.
Then, see, this goes back.
This must be one of those racetrack nerds, my old buddy, Bill Calder.
Some of these people are absolutely insane.
Of all the people I've known in my life, you were more head of a sexual than Bill Calder.
And George, W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Bill, you're all people.
I'm Van Perk.
Bill Berk.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm a homo.
Q.A.M.
A proximal 30, man.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yep.
Bill.
Yep.
I got a name for your poll.
Uh-huh.
Bill Earnhardt.
Bill Earnhardt is gay.
Well, that's how we got that name, the Intimidator.
Right.
Oh, God.
Oh, I got one for you, speaking of rumor, in fact, I would have thought about it before for
this guy.
Let me give you a little musical clue, okay?
That's right.
All those rumors?
Jeff Gordon, right.
Just rumors you understand, heavily in denial.
I'll give you another one, if there have been a lot of rumors about it.
Oh, I got another one that's not just rumors, that's a fact.
Can I give you a little clue on this one also?
Okay.
And then, more right away, who it is?
That's the money, Jr.
Oh, Dabdel-Alius.
Dabdel-Alius.
Why do you think they call him Louise?
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
You're a fag station for the new millenniums.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
Colleuxively.
On 5.60.
You are all on it.
The Rogers guy.
And now, the show that's the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Congratulations, Henry Election, Mr. President.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your reelection.
Well, thank you, Dick, and thank you, Condi.
I feel good about the next four years, since a change in the air.
Good times are a hit for everybody, and it starts with one question.
What's that, Mr. President?
Dick, do I finally get to run the country?
No, I was serious.
Come back next time for a fair and balanced, compassionately conservative view of our government
and action.
Only on the West Texas Wing.
Michael Kuretoff is a bush's nominee to be the next time I'm security chief.
He looks to me like a really dangerous guy.
He looks like a terrorist in waiting.
He don't look like one of us on the other.
You know what I mean by that?
No.
He don't look a mirror to him.
Oh, I see.
A Republican hero, but was able to gain somebody just fast.
I had heard that.
This is from the observer, Sunday December 19, 2004, a couple weeks ago.
It says that his new guarantee to make many Republicans score was Abraham Lincoln founder
of the party, now seeking a constitutional amendment to ban the Americans in America, actually
gay himself.
Gay.
A new book published next month certainly thinks so.
Let's put Abraham Lincoln on there.
What do you say, Josh?
OK.
The intimate world of Abraham Lincoln by CIA trip provides evidence to one of America's greatest
presence had a long term relationship with a youthful friend.
Joshua speed and shared his bed with David Derrickson, captain of his bodyguards.
Trip, a former researcher for sex sciences Alfred Kinsey, an intellectual gay writer,
includes a size by many of Lincoln's close friends.
He was not very fond of girls as he seemed to me, his stepmother, Sarah Bush Lincoln
once told a friend.
It also includes a diary, except by a one upper class Washington woman who wrote of Derrickson.
There is a bucktail soldier here devoted to the president, drives with him, and when Mrs.
L is not home, sleep with him, what stuff?
Well, somebody's got to take up that spot in the bay, right?
Right, when she loonie anyway.
Oh yeah, well, maybe there was a reason for it.
But no, no, no, no, like that.
While she enjoyed the play, scholars have long debated Lincoln sexuality as early as the
1920s were making veiled references with relationship with speed.
Joshua speed.
However, critics say that the pioneered days, men slipping together in rough circumstances,
was not uncommon.
Now, Trip, I don't know if I'm right about Wilford Brimley, is there him or somebody
who, no, will, will gear, is that who it was?
Grandpa Walter.
Yeah, will gear, not Wilford Brimley.
Grandpa Walter, he's gay.
Yeah, will gear.
Wow, is that his name, will gear?
Will gear.
Will gear and will, apparently, will a bearer.
He's dead though, isn't he?
He's got to be.
Well, look it up, do a little Google air, Josh.
Will gear.
Oh, I'm going to.
Will for Brimley?
No, he's not on it.
No, you said Wilford Brimley.
No, I think he may be.
Well, don't, I would say the same person.
Will you test strips, your Lancets?
Will you rinse?
Right.
That's Wilford Brimley, right?
He was the diabetes testing strip thing.
That's not the one.
It was Wilgear.
Wow.
Will for Brimley, honor or not?
Yeah, he's honor.
Will take him off.
Please.
Will Medicare and your insurance.
Well, he may not, he may not be gay, but he sure is a pain in the ass with those
damn testing strip spots.
Oh, Wilford.
Here, old diabetic like me.
Now trippers discovered letters between Lincoln and speed would supposedly be tree a deep
intimacy.
How do you like that?
But Tripp's book really breaks new ground.
It's a source of portrayal of many of Lincoln's possible gay lovers, including one man who
said Lincoln's thighs were as perfect as a human being could be.
Well, I'm glad his thighs look good because the rest of him was pretty nasty.
Make no mistake, Abe Lincoln was gay, said Professor Scott Thompson from a Fletcher School
of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
But David Donald, the river trusted guy with two for his name, David Donald, a Harvard
professor in respected Lincoln Bographer, has disputed Tripp's findings in his own book.
We are Lincoln men, published last year, and says there is no definitive proof of Lincoln
having affairs with any men.
We don't have any like seamen samples.
There's just nothing to prove it.
But it's rumored.
That's good enough for the pool.
Let's see.
Can you please put Morrissey on the list?
Is it on the list?
Yeah, it is there.
Okay.
Now, here's the fact from some disgruntled golf fan author.
I can't imagine why.
See, the Panther people, they're given your concerts.
You want hockey?
They're given your concerts.
You want a competitive team.
They're given your concerts.
The Dolphin fans, they want a competitive team, a playoff team, a super bowl contender
before they croak.
And what are they getting?
They're getting a new, a new name and a new remake at the ballpark.
George, not our George, but George with a G, says Shamal Ahmadingdon.
Shamal Ahmadingdon, pro player is now Dolphin Stadium.
Dear Wayne, why not just call the dump name for a sales stadium until the next N Ron ponies
up the cash, Warmer guards, George.
Yeah, they couldn't find another sucker.
I mean, another client to put the name on there.
And it's been pro player, which has been out of business for how many years now.
About 30, man.
So they just kept it that way.
But now Wayne is, he's doing it, baby.
He's going to make up for Schlagpester Park.
Dolphin Zoner, Wayne, a hyzen, you'll put a new name on his 17-year-old stadium yesterday
and might apply a new face to the facility that could cost nearly half a billion dollars
over the next six years.
And a good news is, you folks aren't going to have to pay for it.
How do you like that?
All right.
Pro player stadium is no more.
Well, that's enough to make me want to play a bit when you think it's safe to...
Oh!
The sign I used to say to Robbie with dark and now they're calling it Pro Player Park
on the road of the moon.
Said it's time for a change.
The new rules are, you have to show up in your underwear.
And no one ugly is allowed in there.
So you'll have what the fun.
Checking out the fun.
Find it for flying down.
You like it?
Yes, I kick up when the game is over.
Hey, just like my good and the low, back around.
Over my goal he now.
Now you can see a lot more at the game.
Since everybody is on dress those names and you can look around to see what's hanging
down.
This is paradise now.
I never realized that the food it would fail me.
Glad that my yogi had the football fields.
And Robbie has gone.
Wow!
How it's baby, party?
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Look at this.
It's time to run, man.
Start on the floor.
I'm on the left, I'm on the floor.
Check that.
I want to check.
I want to check.
I want to check.
I want to check.
I need it to fall off of all stairs.
And that's the new team that's got underwear man.
Before chicks are spared.
And the fun's sewn up above.
As they're turning up above.
I've never realized that the food it would fail me.
Glad that my yogi had the football fields.
And Robbie has gone.
And now it's baby, party.
Hey, Carlisney, baby, party.
How about Oscar Wilde for our list?
Oh yeah.
That's wild with an E on the end.
Just for those who don't spell too well.
Oscar Wilde.
Anyway, pro player stadium is no more.
Heisen is set in an outskirts name.
Chains two dolphin stadium.
That changes the most modest in a project that could eventually transform the stadium into a complex.
That boasts a roof and attracts more world class events to South Florida Heisenger set.
Well, if I had a roof then why would he want to kick the Marlins out?
Right? Right?
Why would the taxpayers have to pull millions and millions to build the Marlins of stadium
if he's going to put a roof on the P.P. Park?
Well, it's the P.P. Park.
But he told them by 2000.
Huh?
Never mind, keep going.
Go ahead.
Oh, it's the deal that the Marlins, I was going to say, they're involved in.
What does that mean?
Like, you know, how the construct works like the Marlins gets screwed because basically they only get...
Oh, no, the money from the sky boxes goes to the debt service on the market.
I know that. They don't get... squat. They advertise the money.
That's why they're...
And of course, being the hard-ass study is he won't we work the deal with the Marlins,
which he could if he wanted to, but since he doesn't own them anymore and he doesn't care about them,
screw them, he wants them out. Oh, you T.
The catch for taxpayers, Heisenger said there isn't any.
The Heisenger family will pay for all of this.
And, you know, exactly what it says here.
All of these things.
That's what it says.
Really? Yeah, that's what he said. He's starting to steal my material now.
During a news conference at the Dolphin Training Facility yesterday,
we will not ask the city to count it as a state for any money.
And I'll be funded by the Heisenger family.
That's what he said.
He loved this show. Heisenger estimates the first two faces of a three-phase project
could cost approximately 425 million dollars, include news scoreboards,
remodeling the club level seats and suites, improving roads and pedestrian access to the stadium,
and relocation of the Dolphin's business or offices to the stadium.
The stadium which opened in 1987, I remember watching and building that stadium
from the sixth floor of Calderaestrack when my gay friend Bill Calderon used to go to the track all the time.
The stadium which opened in 1987 cost reported $150 million to Bill,
adding a third phase that might include retail shops or even a hotel
plus factory and potential construction delays and overruns
could conservatively push the project's cost past $500 million.
But don't worry about it, Wayne's paying for all of these things.
All of these things.
What a guy, huh? Do we like him any more than we did before?
No.
No. We don't like your win.
Now I say we, I'm talking about the community.
A permanent or retractable roof would come in the project's second stage
as budgeted between $100 to $125 million.
The roof is clearly something Heisinger wants.
I know there are a lot of people who are going to say,
wait a second, this is Florida.
We like being outside and so on. He said,
I think if you want to bring in world-class events which have a big impact on South Florida,
like the orange bull to Super Bowl, you can bring in many of these events.
If you bring in 10 events that each have an economic impact of $100 million,
you've just brought $1 billion to South Florida.
I personally favor a roof on the building.
The timing on all the changes, Heisinger and Visions,
will be partially determined out of the Florida Marlins who released the stadium during baseball season.
Heisinger said to be fair to the Marlins,
he might have to wait three or four months before changing the signs
from a PP Park to Dolphin Stadium.
The Marlins also will have to determine how long it will take before the major construction portion of the project can begin.
That's because the team, the longer the team occupies the stadium,
the longer the changes will take.
The club's release runs to 2010.
And then after that, Wayne said, bye-bye.
To do this, could take five, six years and longer if the Marlins don't really leave right away, Heisinger said.
And Heisinger believes the baseball team will leave soon.
He says because that's what the Marlins told him.
We're assuming that in the next time, I'm guessing now let's say three years,
they will probably be out of the stadium, he said, then we can start on phase two.
In other words, don't let the door hit you in the SN away out.
The Marlins didn't seem upset by Heisinger's plans.
We're just a tenant Marlin present, David Samson said.
It's a great place to play baseball and we're thankful for the opportunity until we're not allowed to play any longer.
Samson said the name change doesn't hurt the Marlins at all.
Asked if the Marlins could come out of Heisinger's stadium in three years, Samson said.
We're trying to get built a new stadium for the Marlins as soon as possible.
Wayne has made it clear from day one, he's looking forward to the time when Dolphin Stadium has no baseball.
And I think back again, that first Mandice broadcast of the Dolphin game, I never forget that.
When he had the audacity to criticize the fact that the pitcher's mound was that the turf was crappy and grotesque
and the running backs couldn't run and Wayne opened up the door during a break.
You better get your facts straight before you start talking crap out of here.
Like that.
Remember that? I do.
I do like that. And now all of us are like, wow the Marlins are messing up my stadium and get their love.
Went into out, get their love.
You're just a cramudgey old far, Wayne.
And talking good game, you promise everybody the moon would green cheese on it,
but then when it comes time to deliver and then when you occasionally do deliver just by accident,
like the Marlins went in the first world series in 87, then you like Jamit down to everybody's throat.
Don't care about the fans, I'm in it for the money, I'm a businessman.
I'm in it for the money fans, like that.
Little Raspberry.
Notice how light that Raspberry was?
Very weak.
Joyce might be the only Raspberry.
27 after 11 at 5, 60, WNV got Howard Moe, Howard David at a 2.
We got Jim Mad Dog, Manage, he's under contract, baby.
It's science-y of the liver, maybe.
Forty seven to seven, the staff noon.
Geldy at seven, eighty-kid 10.
So I guess Geldy is like the weak link, the weakest link.
Maybe Mrs. Robinson could like slap the pants on the hand.
Hey, did you learn less than 50 grand last year if your answer is,
well, then it's time for a career change.
Pick up that phone and call our friends at Fast Train and get you a real job at the time.
And then some real cash that goes along with it.
Just make that easy call, 866, Fast Train.
Fast Train can have your train ready for that new high-paying career.
It is short of time as four months.
Fast Train offers high-demand high-pay career training.
If you like computers, ever thought of becoming a computer network professional.
Call Fast Train toll-free, 1-866, Fast Train.
The demand for computer professionals is in all time high.
And Fast Train can have your train ready for your new career, like I said,
in just four easy months.
I would locations all over towners, bond everyone nearby where you live with their encendal.
Miami for Lauderdale and even, first-aid just Pemberpines.
Fast Train offers job placement and potentially for those who qualify too.
Day evening and weekend classes forming waiting for you right now.
So hop onto Badwagon, get yourself a career and some real cash that goes along with it.
Call Fast Train today, 1-866, Fast Train.
Sure, listen to the new Rogers.
It's cool.
It's going to be a real business day.
A-M.
That's right in game.
And now, through an interpreter, another message from Osama bin Laden.
Happy New Year.
Hey, hey, once, Regis, Surov, Asena, or something.
On the New Year's rock and eve rock cast.
I love this big time job.
With that hot little Kelly chip.
But he was awful sitting in the clock.
Anyway, I flipped over to MTV's Out.
I snowy out no year show with Lindsay Lohan.
I love to change her to one of my radiators for a month or so.
Anyway, I didn't think I'd make it.
I'm around to see another year.
But I'm having trouble sleeping.
My uncle, Muhammad Ali, Malwani, got me the breeze-wraith strip.
You're a filthy, constant white noise.
My diaticis machines would allow me to sleep.
But no.
Maybe I'll try wearing socks too bad.
I heard somewhere that's supposed to help.
I had a nice holiday season.
My two half cousins and I went to see meet the fuckers on New Year's Day.
Not as good as the first, but some laughs.
What a deep note to self.
Drop an email to Barbara Streisand.
And tell her she's starting to look like an Ewok.
I must sign up for now.
I have to get ready for my bi-weekly bath.
It's a little tricky since I have to travel light.
I must bade myself in one of those babies for spatoms.
Thanks, bitch, and to a sink.
Osama out.
27.05.50 WNH.
Now we're going to get like a printed schedule to like verify or we are.
It's very jackass now putting up the appropriate schedule for QA movie.
I guess so.
I guess a program director isn't as competent as very jackass, which is quite an endowment if he acts me.
Of course, Robert Reed from the Brady Bunch says this one facts.
I can't really forget.
And widely rumored, although yet to be proven,
well, if we're going to just put rumored athletes on there about Troy Aichmann.
And quote him back to F. Garcia.
It says any football player that takes his poodles to a day's spa for a day of pampering can't be flying straight.
Is what it says here.
Yeah, I'm going to go with Jeff Garcia.
He's doing what about Troy Aichmann.
Okay, that works too.
I'm just saying Jeff Garcia is what?
He's a little light there.
I can tell you.
How do you know that?
Just listen to him talk.
Oh, no.
So you can tell by somebody how they talk.
Well, don't tell me.
Yeah.
Like, right in here for a second.
I don't think we can play this one anymore, can we?
Let's check it out.
Yeah, they say behind it, brown eye.
I don't think there's anything wrong.
How about Van Morrison, good thing a little brown-eyed girl?
Uh-huh.
Huh?
Troy with that.
I mean, ever see a girl that didn't have a brown eye?
Yeah, he's not a fact.
Really?
Yeah.
Just one for the side.
Hey.
No.
He likes receivers that are wise.
Yeah.
He's okay so far.
Some people say that number rate is gay.
Yeah.
They say Troy loves the big brown eye.
Hey, Kmann.
He goes down on his knees and it man.
Now how we do so far?
Is this okay?
So far so good.
Welcome.
Yeah, yeah.
In the heart, he goes down.
Oh right.
Hey, Kmann.
He goes down on his knees and it man.
I can't some more sweet knees, Kmann.
Don't let him cause he likes it from behind.
Well, how do you like that boy, bro?
Yeah, we just auditioned and we found out we can play that.
There's one more we can play.
What's that?
How many can we play?
30 bits out of the 75,000 we got.
Although it does mention the old brown.
A couple of times, but there are a lot of brown eyes,
brown eye, girl, brown eye, guys.
Right?
Somebody here says the gay decorated Christopher Lowell
of course how could we leave him out.
And Willard Scott?
Never heard that one before.
Not all the weather furries are, uh, I don't think Willard Scott.
What about Jack Portklaver?
Is he a, um, I guess he is on TV, isn't he?
Sure is.
Okay, Jack Portklaver.
I don't know Jack was out.
Oh, she's not?
Too bad.
She is now.
She's got a lot.
Oh yeah.
I mean, I don't know what I'm talking about.
Huh?
That's what he likes to do.
It's lit around a little bit.
He likes to get out there in space and travel to very,
all the planets, you know, Saturn, Mars, Mercury, Uranus.
Fred says, how is it going to look?
Will it create the new dolphin development with his own money?
All of these things.
But what Wayne will not tell you is that he will issue stock in the new dolphin corporation
and screw the public as he has had in the past with other stock issues.
You know me like Republican, Republican industries and all of the nations.
How are you talking about things like that?
Uh-huh.
All of these things.
All of these things.
Here's the fact we're getting Lincoln intent.
Oh, and of course, Liberace.
That's why I played the little drop in there.
I haven't played that in a long time.
I bet you forgot all about that, as a matter of fact.
I did.
I'll be seeing you.
Everything.
That's life and game.
Remember that?
Right.
I do.
Well, there you go.
Liberace.
Even though he denied the course.
Please.
Let's see a couple more here.
Oh, now come on.
This is bad.
That's not right.
Roll instead of.
That's bull crap.
I don't buy that.
These people think every weather guy is a weather furry.
Next I'll be telling you, Don.
No.
Is, you know, we don't buy it.
Well, there's a little bit of pattern here locally.
Has it really?
A weather pattern.
Well, what about Todd Tungan?
Is he a weather guy?
I don't know what he does in channels.
And all of the things he loves are the show and taxi, which is really annoying.
Yeah.
Now, don't put it.
Don't put p- I mean, suspect it means like really not just one person says, you know,
Louisa Geary, Channel 7 News and Decodrive, widely rumored.
Okay.
And of course, the fact it works at Channel 7.
Oh, I got another one.
If we're going to do Channel 7 people on there, how about Craig Stevens?
Okay.
And how about, uh, Brian Andrews?
Okay.
Huh?
Okay.
I'll tell you one thing.
When you're talking sex with Brian Andrews?
Or are you talking about women?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Our reunion.
Our reunion.
In thediregresessen of the Declaration of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco's death of Franco'sdez.
MGD op.
MGD on the Hail.
Oh
You're daddy seems so wrong.
Fear fact does consistance to just look to camel's armor and known.
Good by the end my deity blue.
Wrapped all billionaires already can.
So Donald Trump must be smiling.
There are so many CFs, new spin-offs every night.
Look at that spring house watch, a pink up queen.
Don't I check it leaves many nine one one sure sucks
Wake me down make me a proud celebrity
For sure down law and order can be a farmer now
The square eyes both will dress you the enemy show it to so nice
That's been bumping nice I got some more that we left off a couple of dice
Okay, what about all of you Newton John okay, right?
Who gets some votes and what about something that won't get any votes but
I beg your pardon we did not put Rosie on line and Bill and for a lottery
You better pay closer attention. Okay, Miss Kamala's part of her punishment is not allowed to be on any more pools
For at least five years except for any insiders he is transcendent like Michael Jackson
So they're forget about that Bill and for a lot of nearly slipping lately. Okay, he had a pretty good runner for a couple of days
Let's see how about stroke victim Luther Vandross and
Also, it says could you play SUNY or later? I can't stop singing that tune even if I can't understand what the F. Volk is saying very
Garble is not garble
I'll see you now
I put the original ones back in there again because you're fortunate to be I think you like different better. I didn't pose
Yeah
And if you see the sun, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you see the stars, you
see the stars, you see the stars, you noticeable as you rise, you see the stars, you see the stars, these stars, you see the light and icons andaluces, you see the stars so perfectly blue and bright, keep in your way and gentle and  przez scne physicist, I gotta cochlea up, caress up, caress up, caress in s, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress up, caress, caress up, caress, caress up, caress, caress up.
It's 1149.
I love until noon.
I noticed that some names have been left off here.
And of course, we put a lot of pressure on Josh here today.
But let's get the list complete as we can.
Okay.
Errol Flynn, I don't see on here.
You see him?
Nope.
No.
Danny Kade.
We see Danny K on there.
I do.
I see Errol Flynn.
He's got five to forward there.
Errol Flynn?
Oh, he does.
And what about Danny Kade's on there?
Like I said, Josh is doing a hell of a job.
But I don't see Mr. Lawrence Olivier, eh?
He runs with gay.
Get him on there.
I was Danny Kade's boyfriend.
A legs.
All these things are relaxed.
Here's a picture that I can't make out because of the bad facts.
But I have seen it before anyway.
Kerry Grant and Randolph Scott.
We got Kerry Grant on it.
Randolph Scott.
Nobody in this audience will know who that is.
We go and put him on it.
Randolph Scott.
Another advocate.
Uh, speaking.
And since we're putting jokes on here too, which isn't asked into question, but who cares?
Bill Tilden, who made Miss Tennis player back, I think in the 30s.
And his whole tennis career was, he was one of the greatest ever.
But his tennis career was destroyed when he was like having sex with a 15 year old boy, something like that.
He was kind of like, uh, well, I was going to say.
He was kind of like, now how old was that kid that Miss Kamal thought he was meeting?
13?
14?
Oh.
And anyway.
Elton John 66, Pauline 44.
And that's pretty good for Pauline because other than Hollywood squares and B.
Which, what would anybody remember him for it in this, you know, in today's crowd, right?
Right.
What else was he in?
I mean, he was on Broadway plays.
Nobody remembers those.
Five by Bertie.
Really?
Pauline?
Gay guy in Broadway?
I don't believe it.
No, seriously, what else would he be known for?
That's it.
Hollywood squares.
I mean, even if little guest appearances like that, another reminder of things, but not that one would remember.
Now, what's that fit we've got about B.
Which?
What is that thing?
They're dead.
Oh, is that it?
Just they are.
Now, is he mentioned in there?
They're dead.
I think he is.
They're dead.
They're dead.
They're dead.
The whole dark cast is dead.
They're dead.
They're dead.
They're dead.
Oh, they're dead.
But let's be dead.
This month, Gumbry and Negh, this morning, Dick York and the other Dick too.
And it's straight to Pauline.
Oh, that's right.
And it's taken a turn now to their dead.
They're dead.
Like Garnel's dead.
They're dead.
All dead.
Yes, boss, it's too late.
They're dead.
It's not for Adam and Cavalman, but we're working on that too.
So stay tuned and they will be dead.
And I think York, but the other Dick, there was Dick Sargent.
He was a gay.
Over that, and of course.
I don't remember.
Well, he was.
So they didn't have a gay reporter or anything for the rest of us, you know?
Not that we would have cared.
No, this was like on Harado, he came out.
I guess he got AIDS or something like that.
And then there was Weaning Days.
He came on the year and like, uh, fessed up and all of a sudden.
Kevin Spacey 29, Tom Cruise 24 is widely rumored Tom.
Okay.
Now, of course, none of us really believe that.
Do we?
We had our eventually a DaVinci 18, Ellen, in January 17.
Oh, boy, I feel so bad for you people.
What is it that you like about her?
Can she sing?
Is she funny?
Can she act?
Is she hot?
But other than that, she's dynamite.
She's a dick.
Marlon Brando 15, Curry Grant 13, Raymond Burr 11, Charles Nelson Riley 10, Nathan Lane 9,
Gord Vidal 9, Ian McClellan 8.
Look at that.
You put them on there twice.
You like them so much.
So he's got 14.
You put it all together.
What is that all about?
Oops.
Oh, I see.
We spelled it.
We gave you a choice.
We spelled one with an E and one with an A.
We got the Canadian version and one with an A.
James A. Bullock 6, Rock Hudson and George Michael and Errol Flynn 5.
I screw wild for Abe Lincoln 4.
Well, I'm the foe for Tony Perkins 4.
Danny K. Norma Kent, Montgomery Clifft, Ricky Martin, Leo DeCaprio.
James Dean, Selmini, Wechat 3.
Jeff Gordon's got a pair.
Graham Chapman 2, Bill Tanner's got a pair.
What?
Tom Delewee's 1.
Ryan Norcross 1.
Jim Neighbour's 1.
Alexander the Gay 1.
Alice Rantel 1.
Sigfried Fishbocker's got 1.
Which is really going to piss off his buddy.
Bro!
But he doesn't have any.
Eric Astrada 1.
And the others don't have any yet.
Brian Andrews, Craig Stevens, LeBron.
Oh, I love the way that Josh Spell Liberacey.
Wait till you take a look at this.
You will pee in your pants.
L-I-B-E-R-A-C-H-I.
That must be the Italian version.
Yeah.
CHI.
A-C-E-A-C-E-L-I-B-E-R-A-C-E-L-I-C-E-L-R-A-C-E.
Liberace, okay, not a Liberace.
Oh, brother.
Christopher Lowell, Troy Aagman, Jeff Garcia, Walid Cox,
Little Christie Tableta and Roy Horan have the big.
Oh!
So far.
Did we put Oscar Wilde on there?
Or not.
Did I just get through reading Oscar Wilde?
It's not on there.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, it's not for already.
Like I said, Josh is doing a hell of a job.
Partially.
5670560, POM 560 out of a rise in singular wireless lines.
There are some calls now.
I haven't even gotten to my whole stack of stuff.
I like this is my idea of, by the way, I'm going to do the show from now on.
A little more, I don't know, off the wall.
Just, however the hell we feel, and that's what we'll do.
Yeah.
Who's paying attention, anyway?
I'm quite so structured.
And of course, in this place, where we can't even get a program schedule,
where we have to look at very jack-ass column and a hero to them where you can find out
who's signed and who didn't sign and all this other stuff.
That is pretty sad, for instance, a pretty lame ass week job.
Unless, of course, we get another one of these veils, another chigger in a wood pile,
and we find out at four.
Oh, well, I wasn't signed and they put some more stuff in there.
I mean, who knows?
Somebody QA and hello?
From Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a one for your plural.
I'm not sure if he's already on there.
It's pretty much great.
That's right.
Somebody mentioned that before, and that's another one we didn't get on there.
Thanks for reminding us.
Hey, how about David Bowie?
And David Bowie.
And Mick Jagger.
Thank you.
Okay, you're welcome.
How about those three?
Can we handle it now?
Or there?
David Bowie.
Mick Jagger.
Bye.
At the very least.
And who's the other one?
Just Freddie Mercury.
He's already heard of it.
He's already heard of it a little bit late after the next.
What do we mean he went on there?
He's not on there.
I just got to read the whole list.
Oh, look at Adam.
You're looking at him?
He probably don't look to the right now.
He's honest with you.
And look all that good back then either.
He's a good guy.
Wow.
56670560.
You see the scratchy throw at Syndrome Stern to kick him right now.
I don't think it'll be like Josh from Noon to Two.
I don't think it'll be like a Roger.
Huh?
Take a lozen.
I don't have any lozenges right now.
I could go over and get some Halls mental liptus.
Okay.
Hey, I don't think it's going to be necessary.
Unless you would like me to, I'll be more invited.
Take a look at that.
Yeah.
Look for the QAM fan.
Right now as we speak at the Shell Station on Sheridan Street,
just the west of I-95.
Stop by to pick up a movie fans to watch Coach Carter night
at the Riga Oakwood Paisers, the fans to Lera Hope?
They'd tell us if it wasn't.
As far as we know, it still be there.
It's the same thing to Neil Rogers.
Exclusively.
Watch out for my 60s.
Oh, this is Pope John Paul Lind.
And if he asks me, they always say more fun
than playing Grandass with a Swiss guy
is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Oh, it can strike anytime.
Anywhere.
I was at the express checkout
and got this uncontrollable urge to grow from melons.
What Dunhamon can help?
I began to suspect the problem
when I started shopping my bra.
Women today are facing a reflection
the likes of which the world has never seen.
Martana No.
Yeah, we own court of disease when we notice
that over exposure to Martana
led to rude launch behavior in laboratory animals.
Who would have thought the rat could fall?
But there is hope.
We here at Martana No.
can bring you back
using the special deep programming techniques we've developed.
Boy, boy, boy, boy.
No, I say it's your husband's son.
Wow, it's you.
Who thought, really, I said,
never be able to get a date with Sandra Bernhardt?
I was fine.
I owe Madonna everything.
Don't waste a minute.
Call Madonna No.
Today.
Get in touch with yourself.
Wait, let me rephrase that.
Move the beauty mark
and find out who you really are.
At Madonna No.
When you touched on her before,
so to speak,
and we never put her on her.
Why not?
Let me go on, anybody who's
brags about her bisexuality.
It's certainly the obnoxious Madonna,
the anxious and the smelly
and the aherian.
Yeah, she just makes me nauseous.
Oveedo floored a
Presbyterian minister collapsed and died
at the pulpit after saying,
and when I go to heaven,
his colleague said,
when I go to heaven,
that was it.
The Reverend Jack Arnold 69
was nearing the end of his sermon Sunday
of covenant, Presbyterian Church in Oveedo.
When he grabbed the podium before
flying through the floor,
said Reverend Michael S. Beats,
the Church's associate pastor.
Several parishioners,
I guess he did it without Mr. Beats.
Several parishioners
with medical backgrounds
tried to revive Arnold,
and permanus were called,
but he appeared to die instantly.
In fact, just before he said,
and when I go to heaven, he said,
I'm dying over here.
Arnold had been the senior minister
at the church in this Orlando
suburb until late 90s,
when he began traveling to Africa
and the Middle East
to teach pastures.
The cause of death was believed
to be cardiac arrest.
He had bypassured
three-five years before.
Sometimes that bypass
holds up, and sometimes
it don't.
You know?
It's just the way the Lord works.
He works in the mirror.
It's like,
I've seen that.
No, it is squeezed as hard.
Do you have a QAM?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got two people
for you to put on your list.
Okay.
In fact, one of them was
just mentioned that you just had,
and that was Shander Bernhardt.
Okay.
And the other one was the ten-
the female tennis player
that played against Bobby Riggs
and that contrarium.
There's Billy Jean King.
Billy Jean King.
And then there's also
who is the other tennis player,
the Dijk.
And then it's from the home.
Martina Navratelova.
Not Martina Hinges.
Martina Navratelova.
Yeah, that's it.
There you go.
There's three more for you
for your list.
There's seven more, right?
There you go.
Hey, thanks a lot, pal.
I have a great time.
How many?
Two-two-three.
Too late.
Too late.
Phil and Muggate Faction
says, long-time no facts.
Oh, no, what have I been
so I said to good mood, Phil.
I don't know if anyone
mentioned this, but aren't you
sick of these blank holes
with their troop ribbon
magnets all over their cars?
Mostly SUVs.
I've seen yellow, red,
white, and blue,
camouflage, paint you
named it.
I wouldn't take it yesterday
when this idiot had one
that said, freedom isn't
free, so I wrote on it,
so why don't you go to a
rack, bleephole,
spas hole?
I've got to come up with
something at, I don't know.
On a side note, I'm going
to school to change
career so that I can move
to Canada, this place sucks.
Phil and Muggate, I agree
with that.
Well, after that week I was
there in December.
Whoa, man, I've never
spent it. It seemed like
only 40, 50 years I was
there. I kept thinking
sometimes I feel that life is
passing me by. Boy, it is
just ponderous.
Oh, look at that.
Activitarianism in the
US over the next several weeks,
not likely 59% likely
39%. All right, like we
know, like we have some idea.
Wolf Blitzweeg on there,
trying to get the public
all whipped up again.
Guess where I saw last night,
I'm one of my 85,000
movie channels.
What did you see last night?
The end of, I just couldn't
turn it off. It was about
two thirds of the way
through. Barga,
bowling for column, oh,
it included the scene where
he took those two injured kids
from Columbine to a
cameart in Detroit.
And in the beginning, they
gave him the old brush off,
but once he brought the
media in, all of a sudden, it
was a different story and
cameart decided we're not
selling any ammo, man. No more
bullets. And then of course,
it included the thing with Dick
Clark. Close it,
our, close it, our rod here.
We're late for an apartment.
Close it, our, bye-bye.
Dick Clark.
Well, I'm going to say it
again. If there is a God,
trust me.
He put the hex on Dick Clark
for a round bowling for Columbine,
for taking advantage of those
poor, desperate women and
men. Yeah, right.
And then of course, the
frosting on the cake was the
chuck-histon thing. Yeah, that
was, that is so beautiful.
It is so perfect. And when he
gets up out of that chair,
when he reaches over to
shake his hand, it
like, okay, that's it.
You son of a bitch.
Yeah. And starts
waddling away. I mean, the
man at that point, that
interview had to be like,
what, four or five years
ago? Okay, you're about.
Yeah. And now, of course,
he's got the Alzheimer's, so
he's like, probably
just drooling all over
himself there. There is,
like I told you, there might
be a God up there somewhere.
Out there, down there, in
there, or maybe the devil
made him do it, huh? Or
maybe it might have been.
Oh God!
Putting the hex on
chuck-histon. Oh yeah,
Truman Capote on the list.
Rock Hudson is not
rock Hudson on there. I
thought we agreed to put
on there. Truman Capote.
In cold blood.
Mm-hmm.
What? You ever see her
in any of those interviews?
Never seen Truman Capote.
Well, she's, you
won't see her anymore.
She's kind of dead. Wow.
I mean, there's a
stereotype they love to
put on the air.
I can't see that
murder of Griffin. How
about murder of Griffin?
That's right.
Wily Rooner. Again,
we're not saying it's
so murder, but a lot of
us believe it's very, very
strong. With all your
money, what did it
disgrace?
Murder of Griffin.
Fortalist, head on
the Avicabor Crap. Let's
see, what is this? Have
you seen this first
girl ad for hearties?
Oh, fist girl. See,
there you go. What
at fist stuff again?
It wasn't bad enough we
had to deal
kung fu kung po,
chicken fist, whatever
that thing was. Yeah. A
blonde woman wearing a
strapless dress and high
heels, sticks her
entire fist in her mouth
and pulls it out, back
out and smiles. How do
you know if you can eat
the largest double
burger in the country? Ask
the announcer. There's one
way to find out. In a
second spot, a different
blonde woman. This one's
wearing a spaghetti
strapped top. Cams
your mouth full of
plastic straws, raising
a ribroves and notting
the camera along the way.
Man, yeah. You go
hard. You have to go.
Hardies re-vent
itself. As many with two
confused, offering fried
chicken, roast beef and hot
dogs need their fresh
new image. So it's
simplified and focused on
two things that seem to go
great together. Accessively
large hamburgers in 18
to 34-year-old males. The
young dude demographic has
become a tea
target for most fast food
chains, but young guys are
perhaps the most
jaded and cynical audience
there is. To reach them, you
can get all bizarre and
absurdist or you can fall
back on the trusty old
standby sex. Hardies went
with sex. I hadn't seen
these new ads on TV. Hardies
and not on the northwest,
or the northeast or
west of the Rockies, but
a reader asked me to check
them out. She compared the
ads to Internet porn. And
I think she has a point. Consider
this video clips in
Texas. A woman walks alone
into a feature list stage
wearing high heels and
a dress and proceeds to
fist herself. Go on
Google these particular
nouns and verbs. See where
it takes you. I'll be
right back. Yeah. Let's see.
Eddon for Lauderdale says,
how about Bert Convey? Bert
Convey was gay. I don't
think so. I never heard
that. I know he died
of a brain, aneurysm or
something like that. His
brain like blew up. It
was on Tatltails. Super
password. I don't
like game shows. Bert Convey
was not gay. I never
heard the rumor. Sorry
about that. Ed probably
had a thing for Bert. 5,
6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the
Verizon Singular Rottles
Month. I'll tell you one
thing by two o'clock. I
would like to have a
schedule in here like a
tangible sheet of paper
that's got a schedule on
it. I could post it
as nonsense, this
madness. I was saying to
muff this morning. You
know, this may have been
very amusing and
fascinating and
intriguing for a while. But
now it's getting really
embarrassing. Even a
company like this that has
no embarrassment level. It
just too embarrassing to
come on to your everyday
and tell the audience
well. We don't know who's
going to be on today
because we can't get our
act together and because
the corporate keeps
jacking people all around. I
mean enough already. Get a
line up for it enough. Let's
stick with it. Let's move
on. Okay. That's our New
Years Resolution. It's
already 11th of the month. Let's
get with it. Clarence, you
putz. WQA and hello.
Lonnie Quinn is
the name of the
community. Lonnie Quinn
I have no idea. Local
weather person. I have no
idea who that is. WQA
and hello. Can I have
a point of job? WQA
and hello. You know
I got to go to the
after the list. Yes. I
was turning your
Rogers. Genius. WQA
and hello. My
gun. WQA and hello. Hey
Neil. Yes sir. How
you doing? I got a name.
Okay. Okay. His coming
out article or should I think
interview was in GQ magazine.
But ever since that interview
has been no mention of it and
he even got married.
Wrestling the rock. The rock
is gay. That's what he said
in an interview in GQ magazine.
I'll be damned. Okay. Thanks
pal. Well open. Hey Neil.
Yeah. Stop calling us. Go
to your voice. Okay. Get lost.
Get some no material by the way.
The rock. The rock. The rock.
Most professional wrestlers
are all, you know, pretty
much. Yeah. Most just because
they shave. Just because they
shave. Just because they are
shaving to Abby till this
private's right and rule around
on the floor together. You know
football plays. They set
our old five 60 pound five 60
and the Verizon singular
wireless lines. After there's
anything wrong with that. Right.
WQA and hello. WQA and hello.
Neil. God. Yes sir. How
about Mike Piazza. Yeah. Rumors
about Mike Piazza. There's
another jock room where you're
okay. Thank you. How we how
we're going to do that. We're
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that. We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
We're going to do that.
What was that in?
That's 2300.
You remember that?
You remember that?
I remember that?
You remember that?
Then you wrote them.
I don't understand.
but what's that in?
Let's see which of the reasons I got.
So I don't have to.
Only old farts like me are in the TV show.
Oh, that's horrible.
That is awful.
Oh, right.
No, I'm a G-naver in control.
Oh, you do it.
I just like that entire thing.
Oh!
And of course, you probably as long as I had this dis-
in there, probably shouldn't forget.
Well, that's the old one.
Remember that?
No, I mean, I remember the things about the show.
That's back in the day when he used to go shopping
when Chuck's swallory was on that show.
That shows you how bad he is.
That's probably the most popular.
There are next to the prices right.
The most popular game show along with Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune in the history of TV.
And yet when Chuck's swallory was on the show, it was a bomb.
Unabamba Mala Mala Mala.
Huh?
Yeah.
It was bad.
Now, let's see, what am I looking for?
Oh, the Wheel of Fortune team, the new one?
That wouldn't be on this one, I don't think.
Oh!
That's you, the folder!
That's the Chuck's swallory, dude.
Oh, the next...
I'm used to have that little ceramic Dalmatian on there all the time,
and people would go, you're shopping with your...
Remember that?
Yeah.
Who the hell wants our freaking ceramic Dalmatian anyway?
Okay, it's no.
Anyway, John Faxson says,
I have one final idea for a poll.
If there was one famous person who was died,
but wish could come back, who would it be?
Have we done that?
I don't know.
We've done, like, your favorite dead person.
But wish would come back.
And then, let me go on and read the rest,
where he was...
And it's not a bad idea, but then when we get to the rest of it,
John, then I start like raising all three eyebrows.
This is my vote is for Edward Moro,
so we could expose the Bush administration for the punk-ass bloodshedding war,
mongering McCarthy, I think he is,
and then he goes on to say,
by the way, why hasn't Walter Cronkite stood up for this administration?
John...
I don't know anybody who has written more columns
ripping the Bush administration, not just on the war,
but on everything, the Walter Cronkite.
Most of which we've had on our website,
many of which have right here on the ear,
and don't be knock at Old Walter, okay?
He's one of the very few TV and news people punting type
who's really a ripped him an ass.
So what are you talking about, John?
What you'd be saying, huh?
Get wetting!
John, you idiot.
I mean, how many of those have I read?
About 30, man!
Right here on the show.
But everybody's an expert.
W.D. Q.M. Line 9.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a one for your poll about Michael Jackson.
Michael Jackson, that's outstanding.
Even though we're very inverse and humiliated, thank you.
Absolutely.
I've got a Michael Jackson story here.
I guess we'll stick that one ahead of the fake mooning.
All right.
The Randy Moss story.
And by the way, nice hairdo, Randy.
W.D. Q.M. Hello.
I want extra money to say rock, rock, rock.
Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, solid.
I got an idea.
Let's send him to rock solid.
Let's send him to ear rock.
Yeah.
How's that?
There you go.
Send him to ear rock.
Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock.
Don't forget to pick those five to seven in the morning.
We're giving like a little little lead in there.
Okay.
Probably I'd have a big hooliote to them when you think they'd like that Spanish sound.
You know that, like that baby English.
Now what?
Now we put in Riki and Luis Vigil on an anachora hoagia.
And it must certainly be some more of a singer type people.
Right?
That we've left off?
There has to be.
Oh, they're singing.
Oh, they've been doing a lot of singors.
Huh?
We could just speculate.
Right.
Such as, uh, what are we putting a little bit of John on there?
Did we?
I see that.
I see that.
We got Natalie and Bruea.
It's just a rumor.
Yeah.
Who else?
Well, I got one.
What's that other Latin singer that wanted to they married off for a couple of times?
That would have been a real ugly nasty with that schnauz.
I don't know all the nose.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's Mark.
That's Mark.
Mark.
Anthony?
That's the one.
Okay.
Put her on there.
I'll put him on there.
Mark Anthony.
A lot of rumors about Mark Anthony.
Of course, Latin singer, you know, he, he, Latin singer is a redundancy, I think, generally speaking.
In fact, even Holy Ode to Greece, he is there are rumors about him.
Even the great womanizer that he was, uh, obviously was.
But there are rumors that he like had dialyances in other areas.
You know what I mean?
Backed home.
Other areas.
And then of course, Enrique.
And then the other one, which we won't put him on there, because nobody knows who it is, uh, uh,
Enrique Jr.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Eglaceous Jr.
Remember those pictures that we had?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, if you are in less than 50 grandlifes here, then it's time for a career change.
Man, give yourself some training so you can get yourself a real job and some real cash.
Pick up the phone call fast train at 866 fast train.
They can have your train ready for that new high-paying career in as little as four months.
Fast train offers high demand, high-pay career training.
If you like computers, and ever thought about becoming a computer and ever professional,
call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high-paying.
They can have your train ready for that new career, and just those four short months are said only moments ago.
Fast trains got locations all over town.
They're in Kendall, Miami, Pemberpines, and Fort Lauderdale, and they offered job placement.
They even financial aid for people who qualify too.
They evening and weekend classes are forming at fast train right now.
So like I said, get the offer that did end job, you're on right now.
Get off the dead end trail and get on the bad way into some real cash.
Call fast train today, toll free 1-866 fast train.
You're listening to new Roger.
I'm Anna, Mr. Collison, J.R. on 5-6-6-8.
Thank you, A.M.
He's just a bit of old, very good and shoved in the area.
And I'm sitting in the column, his brain tells it called.
He's just a bit of old, very good and angry and scary, with the Alice, Capuchin, and welcome John.
I guess the slaughter last month back in South Pate, when he screamed at the time,
I heard so gathered and waited.
He had a hit and hit and called that pig, while he's throwing around the suitcase at the school of just waiters.
He wasn't the star, it's like the stealth and the skin, and so he ran out of the way.
Look at him now, look at him now, he had a cop, cop, cop, home.
He's just a bit of old, very good and shoved in the area.
And I think all of his brain tells it gone.
He's just a bit of old, very good and angry and scary, with the Alice, having two else in child.
And now you never know that I guess who he's mad at next, with the tagging with Donald, my computer.
Actually, he was an ominating, pulver, the boy, or my surround, and heard about it well,
he gave me lots of his guard, but he says all she does is listen through her shoulders,
and this is a favor, makes him from his head, to what the trouble does.
People to laugh, pop to that game, maybe it's too much strength.
He's just a bit of old, very good and shoved in the area, maybe he means a bit to love.
He's just a bit of old, very good and angry and scary, with the Alice, having two else in child.
And now you never know that I guess who he's mad at next, with the tagging with Donald, my computer.
He used to be a jolly, fair love, but then you just a bit old, very good and shoved in the area,
and I think all of your brain smells like gum.
You're just a bit old, very good and angry and scary, with the Alice, having two else in child.
1231.29 till I love the way that one ends.
I could have liked a little pause there.
Jackson prosecutors won jurors here about seven other boys.
Prosecutors in the child molestation case against Michael Jackson.
See, we'll put them on there, but I don't think too many people are going to say he's their favorite.
In fact, if they do say their favorite, we're going to be a pracing where the vote came from.
The case, the prosecutors won jurors here at testimony about seven other boys who allegedly have been linked to him,
sexually and press reports or public or private accusations.
ABC News has been learning.
Jackson is facing trial for allegedly molesting an off-14-year-old boy.
We know that. Let's hear it something new in here, okay?
Uh, mud of a-bye, yada yada yada.
Jackson has never been formally charged any of the alleged past offenses,
but prosecutors argue that the testimony shows a pattern of behavior should be admitted under 1995 California law
that allows relevant previous acts to be considered in sex crimes,
even if a defendant has never been prosecuted for the alleged actions.
Jackson's defense team insists all the allegations past and prisoner false
and that the testimony should not be allowed because it unfairly inflames the jury, inflames-
FAAAAMNING!
The jury inviolates the popsters right to a fair trial.
His defense team is suggesting the alleged victim's family is trying to get a monetary supplement.
Some experts believe the prosecution needs the past allegations to have its case.
The prosecution is taking this weak current case and trying to bolster it with prior bad acts
so that ABC News legal consultant Dana Cole, perhaps the most important of the seven witnesses,
is his accuser from the 1993 scandal that they paid off with that 20 million bucks.
20 million.
Now let me ask you this. I mean, this is a horrible thought.
I did not use specifically. I don't want to put you on the spot.
If somebody molested one of your children and somebody offered 20 million bucks to cover it up, what would you say?
No, thank you.
The jury says no. The jury will be very polite. No thank you.
I'm just wondering about these. Like that one woman said, I'd be proud to have my child molested by Michael Jackson.
Well, some people are, you know, different.
I guess for 20 million. She probably took it.
5670560, pound 560 and they've rising in singular wireless line.
And our full question today is I probably should read this other than Neil,
who is your all time favorite gay celebrity, gay, bi or suspected.
Okay. I don't want to read all that. That should have been the way I was poorly worded.
My bad.
Somebody QA and hello.
Neil, where do I start?
At the end, probably at the end. Okay. At the SN.
Somebody QA and hello.
Rob Halford from Judas Creases, Yana.
Rob Halford?
Yep.
Okay.
How about who put the man in manage?
What would you like to know, sweetheart?
Wow. Who put the man in manage?
Our goal.
Don't be talking about a tight end like that.
5670560.
That'd be a good full question one day.
Who was the tightest golfing tight end?
Huh?
We got people that would know in the building.
I'm sure we do. In fact, they still take showers together.
That's that whole sports thing.
You know, I don't like slapping each other on the ass with the towel.
Hang it out.
That would be a free way. Hello.
QA and?
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, Pali.
Good. I got something for you, Paul.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh. The group of guys.
Queer eye for the straight guy.
What's the guy?
Well, it's a TV show.
Queer eye for the...
I know it's a TV show, but I mean, like, what do we do? Put the whole cast?
Sure. There's only four guys.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Five, say what? Maybe he likes them. I don't know.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Neil, I have my grandfather if he thought that Abraham Lincoln was gay.
And he replied, how do you think he got the nickname the log splitter?
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, didn't he grow up in a log cabin? Yes, he did.
Honest Abe?
Honest?
Honest engine.
Well, by the way, Honest engine, what does he and Defoe didn't get that job?
Not. More I think about that. That's about the only thing I'm relieved about.
Well, two things, of course, the fact that Hank is still around a mad dog, very important.
But I mean, just the way this whole madness has played out.
I thought for sure they would stick the corn ball one in there.
I mean, that would have been such a disaster.
I mean, there's just no, uh, nothing. You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Everybody QA and hello.
That was him. That was Defoe.
I could recognize the smack in the lips. Was either him or Mr. Ego.
72 A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've got a couple of feet of pole.
Uh-huh. Boy, there seems to be no end to this, yeah.
Oh, I know, I'm Richard Chamberlain.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's him, too.
I've got James Dean, Salmideo, and Jim Neighbors.
They're all on there. Nice going, Pally.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, he said he had a couple of interior attributes.
He said he was going to be three, and there's still all on there.
But somehow he inspired me with Richard Chamberlain.
How could we forget?
That doesn't matter to you, little one.
Oh, I'm not sure of that.
Oh, you mean like professional?
Well, WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Uh, is Bill come all on there?
No, because it's part of the opinion study's paying for his misdeeds.
He can't be on no poles.
Oh, man. He was the best.
Was he really? You liked him, huh?
Yeah, he's good. Good guy.
You're too old for him.
560, 705, 60, 560, and he verized in singular wireless line.
He was a good guy.
I don't know about that. I didn't know him.
I didn't know some people who didn't know him, and they didn't think he was a good guy.
That was like kind of neurotic.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling for the F-all.
You're on it right now, man. What do you got?
Uh, J. Edgar Hoover.
J. Edgar Hoover was an excellent choice.
Thank you very much.
Okay?
J. Edgar Hoover, who was Mary, who was, uh, Mary, who was buried and married right next to his lover.
Clyde Poulson.
Wow.
I still am jealous, though.
The fact that he used to fix the races at certain thoroughbred tracks every time, G. Edgar,
Hoover, would show up.
Who wouldn't like to have a deal like that?
You bet all you want, and then if you lose, you just turn over your tickets and give your money back.
That was great.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, Neil.
God.
Yes, sir. Speaking.
Did anybody speak about the movie last night on HBO about, uh, 911?
No.
It was called the Handberg Cell, and they showed it was a documentary drama, and they showed you how crazy and fanatic these people really are.
And they actually made it was amazing.
They showed you up until 911.
They showed the planes crashing in the buildings.
For, for example, what he's spoken about it, but, uh, it's scary.
It's scary and, um, it's fast.
Scary world, man.
A lot of crazy people out there.
I know.
A lot of people do-ers.
Eventually, everybody will be civilized, but before that, boom.
Thank you.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
stre degrees.
stss.
please be spirit.
my name is Barry.
Sing like a fairy, I write bad songs about romance
While I'm wearing a bandit's head, I'm kinda shrimpy
My songs are wimpy, I had a series of big hits
That was back in 76 now, no one wants to hit
They only laughed and sneered, they wanted me
They owe my albums to my songs are queer
Got a nose shake like a banana
My two fans both live in my channel
Got a nose shake like a banana
Of my no-shoot, two-fid-half of the city of Atlanta
I write bad songs
I know the night of the day
I've got a heart girl, the size of the others
When I get a stop of nose, I be sad here host
But now upon those kids, my life is back in place
And so I'm singing again and singing
My smiles in your face, got a no-shape like a banana
My two fans both live in my channel
Got a nose shake like a banana
Of my no-shoot, two-fid-half of the city of Atlanta
Absolutely
I write bad songs
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
I know the night of the day
The Constitutional Amendment lets voters and proud and decide in the future referendum in March
If they want to allow slots at 5-8 tracks to highlight frontons which will happen this year
The campaign manager for the slot strap Earl Bender called Carcass decision-a-victory for the voters
Who has been respected by the judge
And attorney for the opponents will be returned to phone call
Well too bad
Trey Cove's all you cry babies, all you liars
Want to scare the hell out of the public
So you can grab up all the money for yourselves
That's what it's all about
And then of course the dog people will
That's another whole story right
Right, the fanatics
One thing to be an animal over it's nothing to be fanatic or about it and one to use it as an excuse to like peon everybody else's life
5-670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines
W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Yes I was trying to reach Neil
You succeed, sir
I did, huh?
Yes, he was a manny from a poll of each quarter, South of Tampa
And I was a locker room assistant in the days of the glory days of the dolphin and I believe that I know
He said glory days are glory holes
He said glory holes or days
Because we go and the dolphins tightest and that we ever had his name was Mark Flippe
Right from Michigan State
Absolutely
I think he takes the cake, Matt Dog I don't know
But definitely, definitely Mr. Flippe
No, okay, thanks for the advice, let's say take care
Pass along to our other tight ends, zero rose in the gym andage
Mark Flippe
Remember Mark Flippe and Josh?
He's right there
Yeah
In fact I think I'm not really sure but I think it was the same era as Matt Dog, Mark Flippe
Didn't they alternate his tight ends? I'm not, I'm not, I'm trying to find out what years he played
How do you remember that?
I mean I remember who he is
I don't remember the name, man
All those jocks
It's in your, you know, it's in your lexicon
5670560 in your lexicon
0.560 on the horizon
What I just chanted said that because when the week after George gets to the HDTV
He's getting into lexicon too just to show his appreciation
Oh, I was going to get into lexicon
Oh, that's a little cheaper in lexicon
That's great
WQAnne, hello
Neil
Yes sir
How bad Richard Simmons
Richie Simmons
How could you forget?
Oh man, we owe you baddies
Right, thanks a lot, pali
We are, we are, we're, we've been bad
Richie Simmons
I mean, so obvious
It's like right there in front of your face, you know what?
Hi!
This is Richie Simmons
And since you haven't been sending me money for anything lately
I developed a big load of new diet merchandise
Like my Sweating TVOVs video
Then you'll love my new Sweating TVOVs theOderant
When I work out, honey, I put out a sense that could strip the bark off a red wood
So don't offend while your band gets my Diorin step
And you like my deal, Neil?
Then you'll love my new Richie Simmons diet poker game
You play deal near with your friends and you and all their food
And I've got a new idea to work out underpants
How can we guarantee you'll lose weight?
Because after listening to Richie Simmons for just 10 minutes
You won't be able to keep anything down
You'll be able to keep anything down
Exactly, oh she is just a trip man
Let me tell you the story for the 8500th time
About how he nearly choke me to death at INZ that night
One of the idiots
He was choking your neck, right?
Yes, he was choking it
Came up behind me like I'm on the year like getting out of it
Going into the CBS news, he was going to be my guest in the next hour
And he puts his hands around my neck and squeezed his head
Hi, pali!
He just about busted my larynx is what he did
And he's strictly an exploiter man
He does all this digital TV show
He's sitting there with the tears, they're all crying all these desperate fat shut-ins
And they're all crying and he's crying with him
And at the meantime he's laughing all his way to the bank
Exploring all these desperate fat folks making their money
Deal a meal my ass
WQAM, hello
Hey, yeah?
Yes sir
How you doing?
Pretty good
Get someone to your list
Okay
Chuck Connors
Chuck Connors is gay?
Yes, he was a ball player man
He was a Dodgers
Yeah, he was a big western air
Well where do you get that from?
I understood he did a gay point out
So you know something I think you're right
I think this man's got a stomach on it
I've heard that, who else is a rumor so put it on her Chuck Connors
Right, right?
Right
I wonder if that's...
I bet you I got the theme from the rifleman here
So I don't want to get in this theme thing today
You know that it is
That's the rifleman
Bob Barker, the rifleman, the price of rifleman
Johnny Olson
Well look at that
What?
And yeah, that's the old price of rifleman
Back in the original
The old price is right with Bill Cullen
Bob
It's Johnny Olson and how he said
It's Rod Rodney, you know what he said
But Bob Barker still lives on with Barker's beauty
So what if he was screwing out one?
Who gives a crap?
Right? More power to the old coup
Right?
By the way, why don't you think Atlantic City Sub's for this fine lunch we're having today?
Oh, Atlantic City Sub's is catering our lunch today
And it's a damn good thing I'm not there
Because then I'd be eating food that I really don't need to eat
And don't want to be eaten
All right
You could have some of that macaroni and cheese and meatloaf
I can't believe I never saw that
When you know to any shopping
Your wife does all the shopping in the supermarket
Right, for the most part
So you don't do any shopping
And of course Josh being a punk that he is
He probably eats fast food and junk
And doesn't go into a supermarket
I don't, I do go in the supermarket
I've never even heard of that
You just saw the ones you don't buy cool cuts
Yeah, I think that's a lot of baloney
Yeah, but what is it now?
It's like it's got macaroni
Okay, let me get it
Okay, just hang on a second
I got another bunch
Okay
So I had nothing
Got another pack
Anyway, Schneider's which is a Canadian brand
You wouldn't have that there
But you would have like Oscar Meyer
Or like any of your other cool cuts brands
Meat macaroni and cheeseloaf
I'm sorry, but this is now like something revolution
It's not like I discovered Nestle's Turtle Ice Cream
Or Bokka Burgers
Or those little pizza
Or those little pizza
Those round things
What do they call that?
I mean the bagel bites
They go to that?
Oh, those are great
Those are good, and they're still around
No, I mean, this is like pedestrian
You see this in your cold cut meat case
Oh, in a supermarket
This is like something new and exciting
And nobody ever heard of meat macaroni and cheeseloaf
I don't think so
It looks like baloney
Only it's got like little chunks of cheddar cheese in it
And little round like macaroni in the meat
You never heard of it?
No, I have to give it a shot
You might not like it, I don't know
I mean, it's just different
It's better to eat like plain baloney
Right?
Yeah, it sounds like it
Who wants plain tasteless baloney
Right?
Yeah
I mean, unless of course it's Hebrew National
I mean, plain tasteless baloney is for goyam
Oh, I'm sorry, everyone's that the guy getting it all upset
That's it, that's it
Oh, I'm the anti-gentile crusader
That's the one of my favorite songs, Gentile on my mind
Ben Campbell, how's he doing?
He's doing okay
He's holding his own down
Hmm, for truck carers, his rumored would be good, huh?
What?
Man, oh man, he's a big, he was a big...
He was a first-basement, I believe, for the LA Dodgers, briefly
Okay
Truck carers?
I'll take your work for it
And of course he was undertaking showers and make it with a guy
That's not good, man, you get real nervous about that
How about Dave Copey?
First NFL player ever to come out of the closet, of course, after his career was over
Dave Copey, KOPA Y
Remember him?
Nope
Played in San Francisco, which I guess figures, right?
Who else?
How about Dave Pallon?
Not the hardest driver, my good friend Dave Pallon at the middle is
But Dave Pallon the Umpire, remember that?
Josh?
No
Major League Baseball, Umpire Dave Pallon?
Sorry
Man, oh man, you guys, and what about Dave Collins?
Did I dream that or didn't he come out of the closet Dave Collins?
I don't know, you might have dreamed it
Former Celtics, right?
Back of ball coat?
Maybe I just dreamed it or maybe we were just making it all out
You are listening to me, you evil, you evil Rogers
Exclusively, un-fifescending, you a-man
I owe my favorite Republican, this is Matt Draud
And it's time for the excuse me uploading
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power
One to two
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people
I said fill her up
I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber
But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving
I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines
But it was all a good fun, it was just cruising to the beach
I helped provide cash to train terrorist gorillas
But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip
If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm
Think again
Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people
And all I had to say was go her out
Some other public service announcements want to blame terrorism on drug addicts
But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror
So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank
You're part of the problem
I was just out for a Sunday drive, it's not like I was hurting anyone
This message provided by the council on displacing the blame
It's there, fall
Absolutely, it's one o'clock at 5.60 WDQ and we got Mohawar David and the former voice of the dolphin
Don't, don't, don't, don't
Kodafor the 7-noon and Jim Manis the former color analyst
That would be interesting to see how that plays out
Because they got two years left if they got any brains they'd keep them on there
But then again, I don't think they do have any brains
Is that a lower layer? What?
Hotlet's read
Or somebody's on the bat line? WQA and hello?
Hello
That line, yes
Can you start from me out to George Rodriguez, answer machine?
Who's this?
Who's this?
I asked first
Is George around?
Yeah, George is there, who is this?
I'm not in the air, right?
Yeah, you're on the air
No, then I can't talk
But why not?
Neil, because I'm working on a story about you, that's why
Yeah
Do you want me to put you on hold?
Yes, Kenya
Well, how are we going to do that?
How can you talk to this guy off the air?
We're working on a story about what?
What? Who knows this number?
This is my the old number I had for you guys
This must be Kevin Bastard
No
No?
Newspaper guy?
Yes
Palm Beach Post
Oh Palm Beach Post, well, I hang on them
Hi
How are you going to do that without being on a cruise?
Huh?
Okay Palm Beach Post is right in the story, well, I'll ask you that
At least give us some accurate information, okay?
Tell me I'm making 25 million years, something like that
Make up for some numbers
Oh, how a Dean, our man, how a Dean is going to be, let's see, here's a thing, democracy for America.com
It says, please join Blood Russell, David Sossville and Jim McDonald
Oh, I wonder if that's Jim McDonald, Jimmy Mack from a Pomano Park, the driver, I doubt it
Oh, in full reception with Governor Howard Dean, benefiting democracy for America
This is on Monday, January 24th, sunset harbor south, 1800 sunset harbor drive on the 7th floor reception room on Miami Beach
Host $100, $50 for a couple of 25 bucks per person, $5,000 maximum federal contribution per person, whatever they're donating to
Anyway, I'll keep that around, I'll make sure to couple of times
Let's see RSVP by calling 305-604-1906, I guess you want more information about this, we want to attend and support democracy for America
And Howard Dean and people who are not the fascist 305-604-1906
I'll put that in my pile, I end up mentioning it because today's only the 11th
You do talk to who was that, Justin, and what do you say?
He's writing a story about you
What was that mean, about what?
About your salary and your new deal and what?
About my salary? We don't talk about my salary, okay, it's more than he's making
So who was it?
It was a guy from the Palm Beach Post, named Jose Lambi
Oh, it's our good old friend Jose Lambi
He's at the Palm Beach Post, now I thought he was working for one of the tabloids
I always start, maybe he moves around
Jose Lambi, I wonder if he knows Jose whales in the outlaws
To anyway, here's a thing, Sean Conno, not Sean Conno, where is it? Chuck Conno, it says sometimes...
This is a website, furonfilm.org
Oh god, I wonder if Ron Jeremy's on here
Do you believe this?
Really fur
Furonfilm.org, in other words, the hairy guys
Oh, man
But anyway, in the TV series, series Brandy, you see Chuck Conno's captured by Bandit
Stripped of his shirt and boots and hung a star up to a tree in the desert
I also keep hearing rumors of an 8mm gay porno film in the late 40s or early 50s as a reader writes
Yes, Chuck Conno's indeed appears in a gay 8mm film in which there's no mistaking that it's the rifleman actor
I saw the film about 8 years ago and was included on a video I read about the ex-rated films of celebrities past
In the film Conno's is doing another man outdoors. It's very obvious that Chuck is enjoying himself
Well, how do you like that? They're rifleman, man?
No, no, that's not true
He stole a grande, why?
He was an actor, he could have just been named a museum actor
Yeah, just like Peter Northwood's net to gay video
He was a professional, right
And anyway, all some people just like screaming around
5670560, pound 560 and a Verizon and Singular wireless line
Here's the... I'm sure that the QM band has gone, right?
It's gone, it's gone. Oh, they give any away?
Any what? Tickets? I don't know
Oh, well, I don't see how to keep following through on it
We're not supposed to worry about stuff like that
Just read the liners and forget about it
We don't care that people go out there don't care
They're just collecting the pay-tick, killing some time, that's it
Here's the deal, other than the other favorite gay celebrity, straight by gay or suspected rumored whatever
Elton John 88, Paul N. 58, Kevin Spacey 41, Tommy Cruz, look what Tommy's got
But third man
Leonardo da Vinci 23, Ellen DeGeneres 23, Marlon Brando 20, Kerry Grant 20, Ian McKellen 18, Gorgonale 18, Freddie and the Mercury 17, Charles Nelson Riley 17, Nathan Lane 16
What about Nathan Hale? What about Hale and Hardy?
Anna Cornelhoegah 13, Raymond Burd 12, Abe Lincoln's got eight, Abe Lincoln got eight, Jeff Gordon eight, James J. Bullock eight
Now who would like James J. Bullock? What kind of a moron?
What would you say?
Oh, that, Rod Cuts in seven, Liberace six, Graham Chapman six, Errol Flynn six, Ricky Martin six, William, I can't stop saying that
Well do you know anybody else named Willem?
No, no, maybe that was the idea
Will the foe, five, Jim Mayvers five, Jordan Michael five, Danny K five, Norma Kent five, Rosio Donald four
Oh yeah, same person
Well let me do it in John for us for Wild Four, Dom Deliwis four, Montgomery Cliff four, Anthony Perkins four, Madonna three
David Bowie three, Bill Tanner what three Leo de Caprio three James deans got three so many oh three
Portia, who's that? Portia de Rossi?
Portia de Rossi, de Rossi two, bike, yes
Truman Capote's got a pair, Craig Stevens got a pair, Alexander the Gays got two, Roy Horne's got a pair, let's hear it for Roy
Erica Strat is got two, Richard Simmons ought to but he's only got one, Gay Edgar Hoover one, Luis Miguel's got one, Michael Jackson one, Clay Ackens got one
I know that Prince Charles loves him, Martina Navarrofel over one, Sandra Bernhardt one, Mick Jagger one, Lawrence Olivia one, Luther Van Roffs one, Troy Ackman's got one, and Brian Orchross has one, Alice Rantel and Sixth Street Fish Bucker one
No votes yet, none, the big O for Dave Copei, Mara Fleming, well wait a minute, Mara Fleming, we didn't say Mara Fleming was gay?
You said to put it on there, no I did not, he just said he had the tightest end, okay, that doesn't mean he was gay
Well he's on there, you know Mara Fleming, Michigan State man, man there was no Fags at Michigan State, well other than me
very man, Low Richard Chamberlain, Mark Anthony and R.K. Glacias, Mike Piazza, were a Gryffindic Sergeant, Bill Tilden, Randolph Scott, Brian Andrews, Christopher Lowell, Jeff Garcia, Wally Cox, Luke Christie and Tab Hunter all have the big
Oh, I can't believe Tab Hunter doesn't have any, oh man, let's listen to you Fags out there, were you better start taking up some of those old movies he was in?
I always run out of my shirt, let's speak to that, no hair, man, he sure was pretty, but boy he was pretty bad actor and even worse singer, young love, wow, he was horrible
I'm surprised that he James didn't get him beat up, WQAM, hello?
Neil God, yes sir, speaking
Hey, my tone's so bright, WQAM, hello?
Oh yeah, for Neil, speaking
Neil, what about McLean Stevenson?
Is gay, get out of here, where'd you get that?
Come on, come on what?
I think he definitely was gay
I think you're definitely full of crap, how do you like that? McLean Stevenson was not gay, no
Where would that come from? I mean when I say rumored or suspected, that is me just by you, okay?
Like wishful, swishful thinking, just because he was slidin' with all the other guys, you know, in that big tent
Now what show was that? I would quote the American and talk about a guy with more failed show as boy
Oh, he was on MASH?
Who else was on MASH? Jamie Far, or was he a hoax guy?
Alan Alda? Yeah, Jamie Far? Sure
Gary's in Burgaugh, Harry Morgan, I make it pardon?
He was also on Burgaugh, what about him? He seemed very afraid of me
I think he was
Didn't he seem awfully afraid? I think he was just a rumor
He was on MASH game? Yes a lot
I saw him recently as a matter of fact watching MASH game and you know what?
He had a really gay perm and was wearing really gay clothes
Yeah, I mean if you're gonna pick somebody from that show with certainly not being McLean's students and be hearing Burgaugh
Even that sounds like something, I don't know, sub-Rosa
Every security Burgaugh?
No, lately, never give, no
Never give a security Burgaugh
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60, how the hell where did this come from?
Thank God this was my idea, being a professional faggot that I am
This was some listeners I see God is punishing me again for this pull
Let's see, oh here's another one Devon, Devon
He says an idea for another pull, who gets the most action? Actors, Rockstar
What a silly question, Devon, who gets the most action?
The ones who talk about it the least probably
The ones who talk about it the most, the other ones couldn't get lead in Amsterdam in the middle of the red light district
For the fistful of eros, Angelina Jolie, it says self-admitted, is by
Angelina Jolie, got it?
That should be a lot of people happy
WQA and hello
A nail
Yes sir
John Savolpa
Yeah, he mentioned before we should have put him on there, another Scientologist
That's true, I think he's loving nail
I think he's lighter than their fruit plan, I'll tell you who waspulongs on there that you won't believe he doesn't lie
Even though they married him off and he's got kids and everything, it's Henry Winkler
I heard lots of rumors about Henry Winkler
Wink Wink, Nudge, Nudge
And since we're putting those kind of people on there, what about David Cassidy?
Those were just rumors that was like in German magazine didn't interview
Which he didn't think it was going to make it back to the States talking about certain things years ago
And then Shirley Jones kept marrying him off and never worked out, you know
What? Well, some Paris can't accept it, okay?
Some Paris could have been out of show, oh my son is okay
Yeah, and it's an ego thing, you know
Well, I tell you, I blame Josh for me eating this macaroni loaf now, this is pulp
Yeah, because I had to go and get it to his related to you
This isn't rocket science, it's not something that's like delicious
It's not like a gourmet treat, okay?
It's just like lunch meat, that's all, but it's got some taste to it, a little bit of taste
A little bit of a novelty, oh, give it a shot
I mean, if you want to be bland and boring to rest of your life, keep eating less salami or baloney
And that's it, what do you buy when you buy cold cuts?
Salami? Turkey
Well, turkey is okay, like smoked turkey with some taste to it
And then of course, you can call Ron Popeel and hear one of those
Those funny things that he makes with a plastic thing
We can make, dry your own turkey jerky
Oh, the dehydrator
The dehydrator dude, you can make your own turkey jerky
And beef jerky and turkey jerky and lurkey jerky
And, uh, whatever, ever jerk turkey?
Right, no thanks
12 minutes after one, now I could say something about Gable, but then joystead gets sent
Hey, ring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks at Armstrong Ford a homestead
You've been putting off buying anything, but don't wait another moment
Because for a limited time, you can get you 0% financing on end to following at Armstrong Ford
Any of the following new O5s in stock ready for immediate delivery
Escapes, free stars, toruses, F-Super duly hardly Davidson trucks
And the all new Ford 500
If you want more, how about the 1.9% financing on all new O5 expeditions explore as F-150s and Rangers
Certain restrictions apply
The lots at Armstrong Ford are homestead are jam packed and they're cutting prices as I speak
And they always offer you more of a value to their world of customers because when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford
You'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct tires and batteries for life
Plus for a limited time, a free Florida sun pass too
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price and don't forget
Because they're locally owned and operated, the folks at Armstrong Ford a homestead will treat you like family
They will try their best to make you a customer for life
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town, no bait in the switch, no full need deals, no games
Just the best deals anywhere in history of mankind
Armstrong Ford a homestead, there are 307.25 saptics you highway
Just 20 minutes south of the 836
Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com
Then drive a little and save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars
From Armstrong Ford of homestead
You are listening to Neil Roger Fitt, who lives in the city of Armstrong
You are all fired
Look it and stick it
Are you still paying full price for a seat on an airplane?
You are planning to sky-jack all because you want to leave at a specific time
But now, with the latest price line, you can actually pick your flight times and airline from a list of low low prices
But what if I want to save even more money?
Well, when you go online and get rid of this price line, you can still name your own price
For exclusive airfare savings, the choice is yours
But I don't really like to plan
No problem again, Ebola
With get rid of this price line, you can name your own price for railroad fast all over the world
Learning and going to Madrid
Maybe sort of?
Get rid of this price line has the lowest pass
And if you are blowing up a hotel in Maca, you can book that room and save up to 45% on standard room rates
Why pay full price when you can name your own price with get rid of this price line?
117.560W, here's the fact that Neil's playing this one
You can't hear fart sounds at adult radio
However, it's either Nickelodeon or some other kids' network that teaches the kids how to fart
They describe silent but deadly
Pull my finger in others then at the end they say let it rip kids
Who doesn't have kids TV in their home?
They have to see you telling you that it's not to fart while they're teaching the kids to let the pressure out
It's healthy
Am I losing my mind or are we on the first grade again?
Both
Both
Now, another fact that says Mike Farrell played BJ Honeycutt on MASH
What makes you say that Mike Farrell was gay?
You ever heard that?
I've never heard Mike Farrell is
I've never heard that
I've never heard that
I didn't even know that I was a family but not that that means anything
But it says also put hanging up on me
I'm not Reverend Jones, you're in Pepper Primes
Well, tell you what, you're in Pepper Primes
If you sound like Reverend Jones, you're going to get the old, you know, what for?
You're going to get
Man
From us
Supreme Court side steps gay adoption cases we're talking about gay today
The Supreme Court rejected an appear yesterday by four men who challenged Florida's ban on adoption by gay couples avoiding another contingent fight over gay rights and getting Rosie O'Donnell all pissed off again
Bulletin Rosie O'Donnell's pissed off
Oh man, can you...
There are certain people that you can't even begin to imagine like being like in their company
I'm talking about not out in public but like any inside like in a house like like having dinner
No, no, no, no, like in private in a house or being in their company because they're so sure
You know I'm talking about people like that
Florida's the only state with a blanket law preventing homosexuals from adopting children
But the high court was told that other states could now feel free to copy the ban
Opponents argued that the 1977 law passed at the height of Anita Bryant's anti-homosexual crusade was irrational because of excluded potential parents for thousands of abandoned children
Supporters contend the state has departed from a traditional father-mother families
The high court's refusal to hear the case made without comment avoids a second show down over gay rights there in two years
Just this isn't a historic civil rights ruling barred states in 2003 from criminalizing gay sex
The court said then that states cannot demean their existence or control the destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime
The latest case involves gay foster parents and Florida want to adopt children in their care
The ACLU and gay rights project representing the parents argue that the state unconstitutionally singles outgays based on discrimination
Florida governor Jeff Bush, that fat ass Jeff Bush, praised the high court's decision yesterday
It's the law of the state I think the appropriate law he said, beginning right-wing board again a whole year than now
All of a sudden found Catholic religion because his wife or rubbed off on him and so on
That's the same wife's family that smuggles crap in because she or their mother pay the duty
She didn't want to do her duty
And of course that's the same governor that's got the sister that's in rehab
But nevertheless sister or daughter daughter, daughter I'm sorry I say sister, same difference
And the south it's the same distance here, you know, the daughter is your sister and your mother
It's all in the family that's right you got it
560-560, pawn 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line
Who's the QAM? Hello?
QAM
Hi, Neil
Yes sir
I got a pair for you
Yep
What about the accurately chosen and something or the other?
And Bishop T.Gaid, but that's okay, yeah
And the other one is Mr. Walter Mercado
Walter Mercado?
Yeah, yeah, maybe he has to or she may know
Who's that?
I have no idea
Very, very lofty
lofty what?
Well, you know, he's a...
Who the hell is it?
He's on a Spanish TV station
And he's on a Spanish TV station?
I'm sorry?
I said have a great day
All right
I don't know who that is
He's on this soap opera, I have no idea who he is
Spanish homosexual, I don't think so
Never heard of such a thing
Ah, geez
Larry Franklin, how about a poll for the strangest place?
We ever made love
My strangest place was I'm a 16 years old
It was in my childhood tree house
Well, that's right Larry, I'm happy for you
But for you
It's been 80 billion times
Who are they up to new and original like what's your favorite TV theme song?
Or then again?
Or then again?
Oh!
Have I ever mentioned like about 4,000 times how much I despise Bob U-Banks?
Yeah, you mentioned it
Who always looks like he's got a broken neck or something
There's a way that he holds his head
I don't know what I'm talking about
Cock to the side
I don't know what it is
But there's just plus the fact that he's a moron
I think he's too big, his head is too big for his body
He's got too big of a head
So just hey, Larry
I like Jim, what's his name?
Jim Lying that was on the dating game, he was alright
Yeah, very good
And as a matter of fact, when you watch that movie about Chuck Barris, you know about the CIA, every 1,000 in that movie
It's good, you like that
I'll watch it
It's cute, and then of course they interview people like Jim Lying and some other game show people about Chuck Barris
In other words, it's interspersed with some like real life stuff in there
It's pretty good
Does anybody really believe that Chuck Barris was a CIA agent and was killing people out of the world?
Anybody believe that?
No, nobody sure as it could be, yes sir
Now that show, the Gong show, what about JP Morgan?
I mean we could put her on there, but nobody knows who that is
That's really just specializing in facts, right?
Rip Taylor, we could put him on there with that big silly mustache
Remember Rip Taylor?
Of course
Who else was on that panel?
Jamie Far, you mentioned it earlier
Jamie Far, I'm not too sure about it
WQA-M, hello
Yeah, deal
Yes sir
I got two nominations
Okay
Chris one is basketball start Christian Leetner
Christian Leetner, who's the out, right?
Okay, well the other one, the biggest closet case in Miami and forget the stories about I go to strip joints and all that
Hank Goldberg
Really?
I'll pick time, it's the phone out there
It's the phone out there
Yeah, all right
Right, I don't think so
Maybe it's rumored in your house here, but I think it's about it
5670560, count 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines
WQA-M, hello
Hi, Nail, is that you?
That's me
Okay, now it's you?
This is me
I got a couple of more names to you, Paul, I don't know
Wow, I never dreamed we have this many, it's just amazing, it's astonishing to me, breathtaking
Is it, okay, how about Rosio's Arnold?
She's on her
She's on her
Who?
And H
Oh, and H, oh, right in the middle after I ate those three slices of meat, I've got to cut it out
I think it's coming back up
It's okay, good one
How about the Rift Taylor, the guy who's the son of a kid?
I just got to say that, only second ago
Okay
How about Taylor?
It's right not on you
It's right not on you, I don't know about him, he's dead
Right, well, he was a little bit on the shaky side
Hey, he was a little on the face side, he was in Godfather 3, remember that?
I only saw Godfather 2
Godfather 3, he played Connie's boyfriend and Godfather, wait a minute
Who's boyfriend, do you play, was it Connie's?
I don't know, I never saw it
I think so
Okay, another question I had to give
I was the guy that called up to ask if he said that's for housewives with the lovely Miguel
No, I haven't seen it, I know he's running, I know it's a big hit
Why do I want to see that?
Why not, he's like old bad chess didn't run around, what do you make it?
Yeah, well I was good, I'm happy for him, have a great day and put you up a little bit
Who cares?
I got to be honest with the people that I don't know, I'm beyond that
If there's somebody really spectacular looking on it, it reminds me of it's like Tom Welling and the smallville
Is that still on even?
Yeah, it's on
I have a watch that in the Coons age
It's just, you know, so he's good, you know, and also there
And what's your name, she looks good to Liana
Kristen
Right, Crook, they got some new chick out there but I haven't watched it
But if that's the only reason you're going to watch a show, I don't know, it's an indication of me
You're really trying to say it
I have no right
I mean, they H.D., if they put this but housewives in H.D., then I might start watching it
Or it looks like you can reach right in there like tap them on the shoulder, give them a little squeeze
Put your arms around, it's not going to break your chin in
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQAM
When you shop for quality shoes, there are a lot of places you can go, in fact, there are shoes that are popping up all over the place
And then like six months later they're gone because people are onto them
When they set your off-brands, when they overcharger, when they have no idea, when they just watch you to walk in and wander around
And having no idea how to take care of you, that's not a real shoe store
Brandies has been around for years because they give you an unbeatable combination
Personal, professional, friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
All the top name brands in a business and unbeatable prices all the while
Like Rockports, Floreshrum, SAS, Spirit, Timberlin, Naturalizer, all the other top names in a shoe business
So if you want to take good care of your feet, this is a place to shop
Like people have been doing for years, Brandies is open every day, seven days a week
Monday through Saturday from 9 till 9 and every Sunday 10 to 5
And you'll find Brandies in that same great location where they've been doing their rights for so long
1290 North Federal Highway and Pompo-No Beach
And this week is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandies
You can take 10 bucks extra off and all great women's styles this week
So be sure to come into the store this week or visit them on the web
And do your shopping there at brandyshoes.com
Your shoes have been pulled to me, all the new Rockers
And exclusively on 560
You can't hand
Daddy, do you know this father has a surprise that will blow her away?
Oh, DJ, I love you
And I need your kidney
What?
You're the only compatible donor
And then
What we thought another type of you, your dad's a sadant touch with you mom
And I should have needed your birth mom
DJ, I love you
And I
What are you trying to say?
I also need a kidney
I need it more than you
No, I need it more than you
This is ridiculous
I need it all in liver
I need a bone marrow transplant
Are you guys crazy?
Tell me your bone, who's your daddy?
Oh, black!
Oh, black!
So who's the jerk out there who brings out the fellow Richard Austin?
What do you think?
Coles
Ray Coles
Ray Coles and somebody shoots
Ray Coles and Ray shoots sounds like a hockey game and Ray's dead
Maybe he shot himself because he was short
He actually, I read a little bit about him
He envisioned himself, he was going to be like the next David Letterman, the next Johnny Carson
He thought he was going to be bigger than TV itself
But he was fine
That was a fine play
Now he did a good job and he had big shoes to follow
Because even though personally we despise Richard Dawson
He did do back in the days when he could like speak
When he was fairly coherent before he weighed 300 pounds
Although, you know, too much of the schmoozing and the kissing and all that whole deal
But he was perfect for that show
Right
So Ray Coles came along to the good job following him
But then he blew his brains out
Yeah, kids
Yeah
I'm not saying that he was gay
No, no, I didn't read that at all
And just saying he was, you know, bastard for both his brains out when he had kids to take care of
Remember, the kids didn't like him
If you ever think about that
Well, that maybe he was a bastard and that's why the kids didn't like him
Randy Moss is almost sure to be fine for pretending to moan fans in Green Bay during
Why they were interviewing Tony Dungeon, do you see that Josh yesterday?
No
And he explained the reason the ration outfit
Oh, yeah, the ratio of the black stuff
About in Green Bay, every time the Vikings play there and they lose
As the team bus leaves the parking lot after the game
It's been in tradition that the Packer fans moan the Packer players, the Viking players
So he said, I thought it was kind of cute, I knew what he was doing
And when you really come right down to it, what's a big deal, huh?
Wait, he pulled his pants down? No
I thought Tony Dungeon said something like it was something to do with like, because he's black or something
In Green Bay, wasn't it? No
Really?
I saw the interview
I saw the clip, he didn't say that, at least not the part that I saw
No, he said it's been a longstanding tradition for years that when the Vikings play in Green Bay
After the game, the Packer fans moan the bus
Oh, that makes sense, then
Yeah, and so he was just giving it back to him, it was like a little cute thing he didn't right away
Uh, Joe Bucks got all potted, that was the sketch thing
And that's the worst thing I ever saw
I mean Randy Moss is a jackass anyway, he's a hell of a player, but he's a jackass
Like Torello is the same thing, there's some of these guys that he has to clounce
And the media as much as they criticize them, they focus on them the whole game
Of course
We know what his hair looked like, we didn't have to see if 500 times during the game that Freak showed that he had there
But in the meantime, his own little player
You see, what it says to me basically is that the league is so watered down
And so many of the games are so boring that you have to have some of these guys spice it up a little bit
What's wrong with that?
I don't have any problem, they didn't pull his pants down, they didn't take a dump on the field or anything like that
So anyway, Tony, they all thought it was amusing
But when asked whether they off-find Moss will be penalized again
A league spokesman recited NFL Rules Mandating Discipline for obscene gestures or other actions construed as being in poor taste
I thought the hairdo was in much worse taste than the half moon
A fine for the first offense out of those guidelines is 5 grand, Moss has not previously been fine for such action
But did pay a 25,000 double penalty in 1999 for squirting an official with a water bottle
In the last year the NFL is dealt with a couple of highly publant, we know about that, about Janet Jackson, Terrell Oantorello, excuse me
On Sunday, Moss cut a touch down, we know that too
Just having a little fun with the boys, Moss told the Foxy Porter to left the field
I hope I didn't get in trouble for it, but I'll take the heed
Moss making $5 million this season declined comment yesterday
Vikings coach Mike Tyson, said he spoke Monday with Archelle executive director of the Players Association
The league has called me, Tyson, I didn't see it until last night
Tyson, he always thought of Green Bay fans as having a tremendous amount of class
We didn't think they acted that way Sunday
Colts coach Tony Dungee said he saw Moss's action and I thought it was kind of humor, see that's what I saw
It's not the kind of thing you want to see on national TV, but I understand what it was all about
Anyone who's played in the NFC Central knows what that's about, the fans in Green Bay
Have a tradition in the parking lot after the game where they moon the visiting teams bust, it's kind of a unique send-off
Dungee said I've seen it seven times because when I was with the Vikings we lost to them seven times up here
Fox did not show a replay of Moss's displayed during the game
Yadi, yadi, yadi like America, kids dying every day in Iraq, innocent people being blown away
Oops, we've found the wrong house and we're worried about some guy does a fake half moon at the damn ballgame
See how it dumped myself, how you like that? That was sad, did it?
Yeah, I said God in front of the damn ballgame
A Joyce of Fox on you and your house, okay, a Fox lips now on you
Crazy bitch, man
You realize this stuff that they were trying to coerce us to sign just in the last five minutes alone I could have been fired how many times?
3rd man and suspended like a hundred times
Yeah, that's what they've been trying to do is like water where we've been done and they just don't get it
They don't understand and then you know just just plain sports talk or any other plain thought is boring
Nobody wants to listen to boring if you want one and two shares, fine, we'll do it the way you want
You clowns, you non broadcasters, you simple dens, you backwater banjo strumming yahu's
Bob Vermo, he was right about them, he should have heard the stories he told an Amsterdam well sure stuff about Greg and the bees ladies
Dominic QAAM, hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, Pally
I think the whole thing with Randy Moss is ridiculous, making way too much nothing but anyway
Yeah, I'm looking to deal with that, who cares, you know, I have a sense of humor for crying out loud today
The guy's got little personality there, who cares, he's a wacko, he's a great player
And that Dunji, he's about nuts as well, he went off on a Turaloans little act on that Monday night pregame skip
Right, now that's a racial thing out there they do that, but yet when the guy goes on this little fake moon all that's funny that's hilarious
Yeah, at least they consistent Tony, well he's under a lot of stress, he knows they're gonna get their ass kicked on Sunday even in spite of what Josh is saying
Surprise everyone last weekend
Yeah
Anyway, two people to your list?
Yeah
Charles Nelson Riley
He's on her
Oh my goodness, and Plaza Boy Tom Cruise
He's on her too
Well, thank goodness for that
Two for two, you got a pair
Thank you, Mark Bell
Thanks a lot
How do you like that?
Charles Nelson Riley, if you missed the show earlier today we have one of the most incredible events in history of the human race
First, how did I get to that lean on me thing and build with her? Where did that come from?
I had no idea
But then we talked about Charles Nelson Riley, so I flipped on the game show channel
And sure enough, match game was on, not one of the real old ones, but one of the more recent ones with the fake hosts to ever list
And sure enough, one of the things they were adding like she had a match, I don't know what that whole thing was, matched the other contestants' answers through a whole bunch of things
And one of the things was lean on me, remember?
Lean on me, whatever the shit it filled in the rest
Right, lean on me
And then sure enough, in the upper right hand corner there was Charles Nelson Riley
I mean only moments after I've been talking about, now what about Chuck's swallery?
Tell us about it
Do your kids know that you do this?
Yeah, already, already looked
Now this is the dating game after Jim Lang left the Chris Chuck swallery, he's just absolutely the worst
He could be the worst game show host next to the guy with a bad neck
What's his name I was just talking about?
The guy with a movie with game, Bob U-Bang
Oh, oh yeah, yeah
Get with it man, you better know your game show host because you sure as hell don't
Show me
I really heard that, let's get some other stuff
Now we heard that, what about...
Huh?
We sure use the like Dick Clark a lot before Michael Moore exposed him as being the money grabbing
Goofball that he is
God's gonna strike him down, he did
And isn't it interesting that the only place people heard about it was here on the show
Or if they read the inquire about Dick Clark's second stroke
And the fact that he is seriously a handy crap now and he can't speak and he can barely walk
And that the Lord smold him a second time
That'll teach him to play fast and lose with Michael
And then look what happened with Chuck Heston
When you mess with Michael Moore man you got real problems I'm gonna say that right now
Charlton Heston gave him that brush off there
He was son of a f***er
Yeah, after he made all those racially charged and flammatory
And how come Charlton Heston can get away with that with those racial slurs that he made in that movie
And that interview
He's got a lot of guns as you know
Yeah, plus of course he's a Moses and Jesus and Abraham and Solomon and all these guys
And then shortly after that he was a Alzheimer's
He don't even remember who the hell Michael Moore is anymore
Or sorry, would tell you
And he sure as I don't remember that little girl like I shot in Flint and Flamishigan
And Colin Bein, what the hell is that?
That's what he would tell you now
It's always a convenient excuse
I always thought that the Reagan thing was like you know
He had Alzheimer's long before
Right
You know what I'm saying?
Like he was present for a long time like now I have an any idea which side was up
Thank God Nancy had always good astrologers
You are listening to Neil Rogers' Bate's Glucid Ray
Oh, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man
Yeah.
We've been to the next day in Trag.
Walk solid.
143, Moa Howard, David Edd, that will be along from 2 to 4 to 7.
No one followed by Jim Mantis 4 to 7.
We think that's permanent, but we're not really sure.
We better check and see if he's wearing his,
I've got his permanent.
Steve Geltting-Eltsy in 7 to 10, and he kids 10.
That's, and we've never did get the line up, right?
Right.
What is that freaking clearance doing anyway?
Is he doing anything or anybody?
Or what's the story there?
What's going on?
I don't know.
I'm sure.
What?
There's still a hash in it out?
I don't know.
He's doing a hash?
Give me some.
Now, Jim Fax says, here's a bottom preview for your poll, Bobby Brown.
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
Not that Bob and Brown, but nevertheless.
We'll probably ought to play that, you know?
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
But I don't think it's a good idea.
567-0560, 05-60 on the Verizon Senior Arrottos lines.
Lawyer, this story from yesterday, man,
and this is, this makes me want to gag.
A lawyer for Charles Granger, the accused ringleader
in the Iraq Prisoner Abuse scandal, yesterday
compared piling naked prisoners into pyramids to cheerleaders
shows and said leashing inmates was also
acceptable prisoner control.
Don't cheerleaders all over America
for imperamid six to eight times a year?
Is that torture?
Guy, while Matt Granger's attorney
said an opening arguments to the 10-member US military jury
and to reserve a sergeant's court marshal.
Abu Gharr, right.
I mean, if that's his defense, boy, I think
his clients got big tourists coming.
Granger and private Linda England, your girlfriend,
Trevor Trash, with whom we father the child,
is also facing a court marshal, became the faces of the
Abu Gharr prison scandal after they appeared in photographs
that showed degraded naked prisoners.
The prosecution showed some of these pictures
in their opening argument, including several of naked
iracumined pod on top of each other.
And another of England holding a crawling naked
iracuman on a leash.
Wal-Max said using the tether was a valid method
of controlling detainees, especially those
who might be soared with feces.
Well, there's an act lovely.
You're keeping control of them,
a tether was a valid control to be used in corrections,
you said.
In Texas, we'd lasso them and drag them out of there.
He compared the leash to parents who placed tethers
on their taubors while walking in shopping malls.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, right.
Right, it's a little bit of a stretch, but nevertheless.
WQA, and hello.
Hi, May I speak to Roxanne?
This is Helen.
What?
I don't get it.
May he speak to what?
Roxanne.
Roxanne.
This is Helen.
Do we understand that?
No.
No.
70 QA, and hello.
Hey, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got another one for you.
Yeah.
Jim Neighbors.
I'm there.
Been working on that.
Thanks.
How about you?
How about 560, 7.0560, pound 560,
and a Verizon and singular wireless line?
That's my fault.
I'm not reading the results off of them,
but there's so many of them on there.
I read the whole pool now with like killer
whole rest of the show.
We only got like 13 minutes left.
Might as well say a three minute break, right?
Right.
So like I said, let's read the whole list.
What?
Eldon John, and I've got a kids, Eldon, are they?
I'm amazed at Paul and the student doing so well.
I mean, he was extremely funny, committed suicide, by the way.
Did he?
I don't know.
He didn't commit suicide.
No, he'd, his roommate, his boyfriend committed suicide,
jumped out a window, hotel window in San Francisco.
He left his parts in San Francisco.
I'm a street.
And anyway, here's what we got to, look at that.
There's three pages of this.
Like I said, if I start now, we're going to have like pre-empt half a
panic yesterday.
I don't want to start smithing anybody, but the show ends
in two o'clock, not 158.
You don't have to worry about us.
We start on time when we're allowed to do it.
And thanks very good at that.
And like we end right at two o'clock, within like a matter
of moments of the top of the hour.
How come we got cut off two minutes earlier today?
I played that last bit and never got on the air.
Oh, that was Robert Gryper.
Robert Gryper was in there?
Yeah.
Cut us off early.
That's Schmuck.
I could understand if we'd like somebody knew some beginner
they had in there with working with Moore, whatever,
in the control room.
What the hell is that?
Robert Gryper cuts us off short.
He said he heard the ID and you didn't hear the ID.
You're panicked, okay?
Look at the clock.
See if somebody read the clock, he, okay?
The problem with here was Robert Gryper all day
and thinks it's the clock.
The whole day long.
It's all he knows.
Have somebody read it to you when a little hand hits
you a big hand, okay?
And hits you in the head, then you know we're done.
Schmuck, anyway, other than Neil,
who's your all-time favorite gay, TV movie radio personnel
that gay buyers suspect him or our athletes are a human,
whatever.
Elton John 95, Paul N. 61, Kevin Spacey 46, Tommy Cruz 34,
Ellen DeGenerer 26, makes me one of them.
And Marlon Brando 25, Kiri Grant 25, Leonardo da Vinci 23,
Freddie Mercury 22, Nathan Lane 21, Charles Nelson Raleigh 20,
Ian McKellen 18, Groove at L 18,
Anna Cornelhoia 16, Raymond Burr 13, Liberace 9,
James Dade Bullock 9, he's seeking the Sandra Bullock.
It's just a joke.
I love Sandra Bullock.
And then she gave all that money to the,
that was nice, he's good.
Abraham Lincoln 8, Jeff Gordon 8,
Rock Hudson 8, Errol Flynn 8,
Don Delvys 7, Graham Chapman 7, Ricky Martin 6,
you're not fooling anybody sweetheart.
Richie Simmons 5, Olivia Newton's John 5,
Oscar Wilde William, well, I can't, I can't stop doing it.
William DeFoe, Jim neighbors, George Michael, Danny K,
Norma Kent, Anthony Perkins, each have five, Tony Perkins.
Portia de Rossi, Faw 4, Derosi, whatever, name it.
Truman Capote, Madonna, Rosio Donald,
Montgomery Cliff, Leo de Caprio 4,
and Bishop Angelina Jolie, Gaye Edgar Hoover, David Boway,
Bill Tanner, Erica Strata, James Dean,
Cell Minio 3, a piece.
Luther Van Ross, these all have a pair.
Luther Van Ross, Craig Stevens,
the newspaper boy at Channel 7, Troy Ackman,
Alexander the Gay, and Roy Horn, you know old.
Brody, they cut you up a little bit,
and one a piece for Christian later, he's a good Christian.
John Revolta, Mar Fleming, which I have no idea why he's on there.
Mark Anthony, Luis Miguel, Michael Jackson, Clay Ackin,
and Ricca de Grisius, Murrath Griffin,
Martina Navarra Telova, Sandra Bernhardt,
Mick Jagger, Saloa Salavee, Brian Noracross,
Alice Randall, and Seekweed Fishbocker,
and none yet, look at the look I may have gotten none.
See it, Rip Taylor, and Hayes, David Cassidy, Henry Winkler,
Dave Coppe, Chuck Conner's, Barry Manelow,
Richard Chamberlain, Mike Piazza, Dick Sargent,
Bill Tilden, Randolph Scott, Brian Andrews,
Christopher Lowell, Jeff Garcia,
Wally Cox, Lucristean, Tab Hunter, in last place.
Oh, I might change my vote,
from Groove at all to Tab Hunter.
Don't you generally, when you think of,
David, I'll just think of Tab Hunter
in the same breath?
No, I generally don't think of either one.
WNQA, and hello.
Yeah, I'm going to do it for the full.
Yes, sir.
All right.
What is it?
What are you going to do?
I'm looking at Prince.
Prince?
And Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton?
Hillary Clinton.
Oh, Hillary Clinton, I thought he said,
how, my current Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton.
OK, that's good.
Sure, if the ice princess, and Prince, of course,
whoever, they said, please, try,
he's trying to get it like, whatever he is.
It's like dresses like that.
Right.
I think he is right on the part.
There was Freaky Carlos, the receptionist,
same person, I believe.
WNQA, and hello.
Now offer the exciting new electronic
dance for the whole world.
I'm so glad to hear it.
Let's hear it.
Maybe she's got a good promotion going here.
A second thought.
WNQA, and hello.
Can you ever see, by the way, I don't know if I ever
mentioned on here.
I think I did several months ago.
There was a piece, I think, was on the,
I don't know what network is on, but about the woman
who records all of those messages.
I think I've seen something like that before.
You know how she's in Texas.
She has a studio in her heart.
And lady?
Huh?
Yeah.
And no matter where you go in North America,
even here in Canada, you have that same voice on there.
And she records all of those messages.
And that's what she does for a living.
I don't know if we saw the same piece, but it was actually
pretty fascinating.
Because you record every word in
fluctuating different way.
Right.
And it's all different.
Right.
And here we go.
Just unbelievable.
And I'm sure I'm not the only one who's ever wonderful.
Gee, how come every damn thing I call,
every time I'm put on hold or something,
if I'm not here in music, I'm here in that voice again.
And there she is.
She seemed pretty like a realistic like a human being kind of.
You know.
Well, she was in Texas, after all.
The whole WQA and Hello.
I don't know if we saw the same piece.
Me, oh.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
How you be doing, man?
Okay.
I cannot believe that he did not know who Walter Mercado is.
I don't know who that is.
He's a big, flaming astrologer.
That's local.
Who the flaming astrologer?
I don't know exactly.
Yeah.
I see him there when I'm flipping.
I don't know his name.
That's who it is.
Like, let me watch you.
Like, stand with the backly with the big,
brocated cape and all the worries.
Oh my God.
He could be flying up that thing.
Okay, get him on here.
Oh, that's all I got by.
Nice, pal.
Get him on here.
Walter Mercado.
He's a gaming gate.
They need to make the new world.
I'll promise you.
Do you too bad Nancy Reagan ever met up with him?
Of course, Rodney didn't like his kind.
You know, Tilly von Rock Hudson at AIDS.
That whole deal.
And then of course, Bill Buckley, the same thing when he found out one of his best friends had a.
He first he wanted to put tattoos on everybody.
Remember that?
No, I don't.
He wanted people who were HIV positive to be forced to wear tattoos, kind of like the Jews in Nazi Germany.
And then all of a sudden, one of his longtime best friends turned out to have been gay and had AIDS and died from it as a matter of fact.
And all of a sudden, he like kind of mellowed a little bit.
Bill Buckley, like those other right wingers, you know.
They're all perfect and they're all judgmental.
And then of course, they start finding out the day or their best friends or their,
whether they were Zerhuven Allos.
Oh, go, guess what?
Uh, well, kind of like a dick in the Lynn Cheney with a bull-dike daughter they got.
The house turned shut.
Meal Rogers, mornings in the dick.
And was around a clock through a Friday night.
She way in.
Time to get it on.
Hey, dude.
She's not too bad.
Sienna's okay when you get in bed with her.
The minute you find she's cold when you're hot,
then you can start to dump her for someone better.
And was your relationship with them?
And did you begin to look for someone who slightly older?
People might be bored if you win.
The sexiest man can go hunting.
You might find someone with bigger voters.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
You married my cat, dad.
Take the N.O.
Why should I keep them at home?
The minute you hit some nagging sod,
then break the pop and turn your divorce paper.
I can see how Robert screwed up yesterday.
The plan to be into that break in ID like it's the end of the hour.
That'd be Josh's fault.
Is that your fault, Josh?
Well, I've always done that.
Well, if we've always done that, no, there's no problem.
You can never have too many IDs.
That's the idea to tell people what state they're looking for.
Especially when they got to hear all that Spanish chatter
and cluttering in the background.
Like that's probably Walter Mercado and Cila Cruz doing a duet.
I can see that.
So we forgive you this one time, Robert, but don't do it again.
What's good for you?
We'll stick Moa on you.
In other words, he's in there producing most shows.
How would you tell me?
That's right.
And who else is in there?
He's going to go forward and try to produce the show.
Oh, excellent.
Well, that's good.
So they're like, at least there's some people.
Wait, no, no.
I'm not in the morning too.
What is it?
It's Robert and who's the other guy?
An intern yesterday.
So some of those Robert is like double diphen.
He's working in a morning on a hank show.
And he's coming back into the motion.
No, Robert doesn't work on a hank show.
Well, when he just gets you sand.
The wrong thing.
He's sitting by himself.
Does anybody know what they're talking about?
Anyway, I have no idea what that schedule is.
You don't have to stay tuned in fine artwork.
I guess that's our new programming scheme.
Just keep tuning in and figure out who the hell is on first.
And I noticed that one spot I was talking about.
A certain word got bleat in there.
You understand?
Because you want to hear that?
He would know more joy.
Bye, bye, bye.
