All right real quick I want to thank Phil so
The pants time is omission in state Bernie flyer from sir future on Sutton Oklahoma State Park cut cut from CBS
Seguis Seth Reenberg from Virginia Tech Paul. He would Georgia
They can say oh no. Yeah, Dick by tal Steve Lavon film our Kelly from St. Joe's
Yeah, we had a
We were wall-to-wall and I apologize for the meal and the meal you all the time you want take listen
At least I'm getting on me for 11 30 anyway. Yeah, and can I thank my friend Rob Cowan who came down from New York to do this show
Thank you, and Rob knows
Thank Dan LaVastard too
We're such a jerk. I'm here in stories about that man. You talk about living in a dream world
I just want to give you an analogy. Okay, Dan LaVastard ripping it a gym man. It's would be like Dave and boring ripping male Alan
You know what it would be like it would be like guilty ripping well
Bullin when all when all said and done Neil I make mandates five to one over him in the ratings five to one
Yeah, tell me a break. He'll have a gym will have a five at least a five and a half to a six-year and he will have a
1.2 not one they're never gonna Dan LaVastard's gonna have a one in his dreams man on a point eight
Take it to the bank
Get the morning line on it. Okay
I won't put it down by the way that you're no good either okay
Then spite of the fact they after you offered you the afternoon
But then once you came back and did mornings here. Wow. He can't compete with Joe Rose
You know these people think they can top themselves into into something into an audience. They're dreaming. Yeah, well
It's as far as Jim goes. He kicks that guy's ass every day. I mean Dan LaVastard give me a break like he's one step away from your old board ops
Do guts?
You know what that's a dead heat
Neither one of them has any class. Yeah, and you know you let it go with that
You know the fact that they got the dolphin broadcast that we were losing money on all of a sudden it makes them in the great broadcast
Is that I don't understand that it makes no sense to me. I'm gonna say something about go right ahead
Take all the time you want take a couple of something off your chest. Well, I think you'll agree with this
Manage is gonna be missed if I'm the dolphins
That's the one concern I have that they lose mandates from those broadcast because I go to show you how stupid they are in the fact that
He got a phone call the night before last saying that yeah, if you want to do the dolphin games
You've got to come over and do a talk show for us. He's already signed you know that sounds like contact tampering with us
Everybody know he signed a contract with two a.m. for five more years. That's contract tampering and
Intempt to intimidate and if they're gonna intimidate anybody
He's gonna be the last one. They're gonna intimidate. Oh, yeah, he's hey listen. They took very good care of him
Here he's fine. He's not concerned about anybody took good care except Joyce here. Oh, that's another story. No, yeah
But he traumatized him and you know something Jim won't complain and he'll just go on and continue to kick levitars ass every day
I mean it's a guy has no talent. He has no class right and he has don't forget when a marlins won the series 97
He said the marlins didn't win the World Series
We won the series the Cubans it was leave on remember that the that was one of the most embarrassing episode in history
I'll never forget when they got the lighter and Kevin Brown the first time around and he wrote about what a waste of money
That was how they were paid. Oh, he's got his thumb right on it and they had his thumb right on Ricky Williams to yeah
In fact, I'm gonna have to sum all over Ricky way the sharper guy they got over there is either him or Greg Cotex if that
If that fish wrapper that's it that he took yeah
I don't know how we can contend with stew gots man
You know what look up knit with in the kitchen area and your picture right next to it. I'll be dang yeah, yeah
We will move on and we will go on and somehow will survive
I mean if we've overcome all of these knit wits we got here all this time. I think somehow will survive I think so hey
I've got a Gloria Giner's I only want to get these three years in and it's by by anyway. Yeah me too
I got four three and a three and three quarters not that I'm counting anything like that though
Although after how many minutes morning after a joys and then the panic people on Monday morning
I might be not be able to make it. Yeah
You probably got down to the minute you're like when we were in the army and used to have used every day
You would write on a wall next year bunk. Oh, yeah 78 days in a wake up on a blackboard. Yeah 78 days in a wake up
Including the summers and all the vacations. I got actually only got about two months left. So not too bad
Oh
My Jamie Americans on the list by the way boys. We're doing another rock. We got Hall of Fame all the glaring exceptions
It's really embarrassing. So I'm the people aren't in there. How could Jamie Americans not be in a rock and roll Hall of Fame?
You know who Jay is married to?
Not really
Mitch Ween sister. Jay black is married to Mitch Ween on which ween sister. Yeah. Wow. Are you serious? Yeah?
For how long I was in the Bahamas a couple years ago for the NCAA tournament show
Which I'm doing over there next week and he was performing over there and she was there. I'll be damned. Yep
Jay black with his order and we are yes, he is that's sad and he and I say he looks a lot worse than we do to you know how old he is
He's older than we are he was born in 1938 that makes him
66 plus
Woo
Man oh man get that box ready boys and he's still and he's still bringing it with
Taramia he's still alive. How do you like that just like the guy father? He hit him with five shots and he's still alive
Yeah, he's great
Well, listen have a great day and don't lose too much and that was a one hello show you had
I didn't hear any of it, but I'm sure it was one hello
Yeah, the guys do a great job putting them together and it's you know for people who are in the office
Basketball games, you know what they say about fooling his money or soon part of it or something like that what do you think I did the show for?
I know what you did the show
Have a good day you too. See
This joke
Stand up back to his concern. I only want thing to say to him you fair
In the world when we make subredates are constantly being
Remained so best is to know return as Rocky Valboa to defend his title and hence the formidable mole how he dated in
Rocky art
27
I could have been a can can can a can for a dance on it can't can't
Venda no matter who is this guy small harry David. He was known as the ring as the mighty Mo with David
Apollo Creed was just a thunder real I don't want to use any epic dance
But when I get you in the ring I'm gonna have my Malaysia
Get out of here. I continued to challenge you to be a world of the champion
Oh, I said get out of here you don't stand me why I'll make me not
German
You're a
I see it.
I see it.
I see it.
I see it.
I missed it.
Right.
It's 10 past 10 already.
It's almost break time.
But that was good with the Humper.
That business about a whole lot of business.
Anyway, so you part of the problem with this whole...
Oh, I guess what CNN has got before we get to this music thing
which is an automatic tune out.
That her.
A purpose of life with Paul Zahn again,
did I just hit a clock?
Special edition.
Not that they're milking that thing at all in Atlanta.
And whatever her name was.
See how soon they forget what that was her name actually Smith?
Yes.
And always the guy's name again, the Brian Nichols.
I wrote him down.
Me too.
How do you like that?
So like I said, a Dan La Bastard, who are you, Kidden?
You are just...
You're fairy.
Look at him dream world.
I just... I can't... I'm so glad Boca Brown put that on that this.
You're fairy.
If that doesn't make you want to watch Glenn Geary Glenn Roth.
You're fairy.
Nothing will.
Anyway, here's the poll results from yesterday.
1437 votes.
What's the most embarrassing thing you can have in your car house?
They didn't like this poll too much.
At least one or two people out there.
Like, chip with a phony name and a phony phone call.
A picture of George W. Bush.
What did I tell you?
W. Bush 287 wins hands down your pants.
Blow up doll 225.
Butt plug 215.
She nailed porn.
141.
Log jam in the bowl.
106.
Dildo 96.
I play Akin CD71.
My spouse 46.
He's a good singer.
I play Akin.
You're fairy.
Doffens VB 43.
BodyWash 33.
Car Air freshen up 32.
Backstreet Boy CD 26.
You're fairy.
Preparation age 23.
Truck Nuts 20.
Playgirl magazine 19.
My mother-in-law 18.
To pay 13.
8 track player 12.
And toy dog 11.
You're fairy.
Out of 1437 votes on his face.
We might just play that for four hours.
You've played a night-and-a-night-and-a-share.
I love that.
Heidi Klune is on our beaded curtain today.
The lovely high-dynamic.
Even look at the pictures.
We've been so busy with this rock and roll hall of fame.
The reason and don't ever give me this crap about,
I don't know anything about music for my taste in music is bad.
That may be true in the last 20 years.
Because when you're not working in music radio,
and when you're living in a market where the music is so bad on F-S,
it's pretty, and when there are no music videos,
at least not when I'm in the States,
what are you going to do?
It's even hard to keep the track fine.
If you don't know people who are searching constantly,
then you're good.
Where are you going to find good music in South Florida?
I just got a lost track once I started working on doing this crap.
But at any rate, take a look at the results of our poll,
so far in their proves beyond a shadow without.
South Florida wouldn't know music if it smacked them right in the head.
When I say no in music,
if you're going to know rock and roll,
and you're lifetime,
because rock and roll and the whole pop music thing
that goes back like 50 years,
some of us are lucky it actually started in our lifetime.
Well, whatever.
Oh, look at that. There's some fine pictures.
We got a whole series of pictures of Heidi Klun,
who is going way behind you.
That's okay. We'll catch you up.
Heidi Klunborn, June 1st, 1973,
in Burgish, Godbach, Germany.
Yeah. Godbach.
Here's some of her stuff.
She's filming right now in No Man the Two Worlds.
The Life and Death to Peter Sellers 2004.
Ella enchanted, James Bond 007,
everything or nothing.
Low dry, oops. 54.
She was in 54?
Yes, she was as a matter of fact.
Well, there you go.
Heidi Klunborn didn't have a big part.
She was like, yeah, what about yours?
It was in 54. That's a pretty marginal movie.
Don't see it unless you want to see some hot naked people.
Yay. That's my suggestion.
Oh, are you crazy? You're fair.
Come on.
Anyway, it's a 10-14 already, here at QAN.
The U.
And now, the show is the antidote to those
liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Dick, Condi, thanks for coming by.
Is there something wrong, Mr. President?
Yes, Mr. President. You sounded very concerned on the phone.
Well, it's just that I've been doing a lot of soul searching lately.
Uh-huh.
Soul searching is never a good thing to do, Mr. President.
I did it anyway, Dick.
And I've come to some conclusions.
We were wrong to go to Iraq.
We got to pull out our troops.
And we can fix social security.
And we must protect the environment for future generations.
Suck.
I got you all. I got you both.
You certainly have me going, Mr. President.
You know what? And they say I don't have a sense of humor.
I think I'm having another heart attack.
Oh, they're dick-hey, uh, look at this artist drawing of oil drilling in the Alaska Wildlock Preserve.
Uh, uh, uh, I feel better.
Oh, thank you, sir.
Come back next time for a fair and balanced compassionately conservative view of our government and action.
Only on the West Texas Wing.
Twenty after ten at five, sixteen over to QM.
Now this may not be the most important story of the day, but it sure was kind of interesting.
I'd like to judge.
Corners is going to be all excited about this.
Oh, yeah.
Let your favorite seafood.
What's my favorite lobster?
No, no, I'm on the ear.
I'm talking about it.
Oh, see you.
This story from Boise, Idaho, biologists with the Idaho National Guard have discovered a new species of fairy...
...seem.
...living in the off-dry lake, Beds of O'odahose Desert.
The headline, New Fairy Shrimp Species found in Idaho.
New Fairy?
Strip.
They, though they looked delicate enough to match their name, they're strong enough to survive,
...on-hast for years in the baking heat of summer, and the frozen tender of winter until enough rain falls in the pool's return.
Once they awaken, they live in a few frenzied weeks, mating and leaving behind tiny, cyst-like offspring, and then they die.
It's a large predatory fairy shrimp.
It's a large predatory fairy.
Seem.
This guy's about three inches long.
Oh, please.
That's huge for a fairy.
Seem.
Biologists, Dana Quini, said to them, they're doing a press conference announcing the amazing discovery.
They're already about 300 species of fairy...
...skew.
...worldwide Quini said, but only three other species, both the size of the newly discovered ones.
Though the animals have been given a Latin name, Quini is reluctant to reveal it until an article describing the species is published in a scientific journal, possibly next winner.
How do you like that? A new series? A fairy shrimp?
You're fairy.
Wow. That's exciting, isn't it?
Well...
It's not?
Well, give it a try.
What about innocent light-rouse?
Okay.
You don't like innocent light-house?
I can't remember there.
Hey, love grows where my rose marbles.
Are you okay?
Did they qualify?
Was that the early hint?
She wears some lovely hoes.
I beg your pardon?
What do you mean, do they qualify?
I'm asking you, mister.
Here.
Okay. Here's the pull question today.
And of course, this is difficult because our audience, unless they went online, did a little homework,
where these people are never going to do that.
They don't know they rock and roll hall of fame.
And the reason it would take me hours to read...
Well, not hours, but way too long to read the whole list.
So if you're in doubt, you can just call and say, well, how about so-and-so?
That'll kill some excellent time.
But anyway, here's the pull.
What?
It'll kill it dead.
I want to know.
Look, I think the guy called in yesterday and he was his idea.
Not to do the pull necessarily, but he just mentioned some glaring old missions from the rock and roll hall of fame.
Since I just read the article about the new inductees.
Right.
And I thought this would be good.
It is good.
It gets you kind of angry.
It gets your blood boil.
And then if you really like some of these groups who are missing or individual artists.
And again, this isn't all strictly rock and roll.
It's pop music and George wants to go through a big, song that adds about what really is rock and roll.
Well, you have to go by their criteria.
No, we don't.
Obviously, we're disagreeing with their criteria.
That's why we're doing that.
No, we're not disagreeing with their criteria.
You're disagreeing with their criteria.
That's what I'm trying to say.
I'll say that if you just stop being such a hard ass.
Nope.
If you would look at the list that they've got, for example, if Rendellie is in the rock and roll hall of fame.
If Jody Cash is in there, then certainly Marty Robbins ought to be in there, for example.
Okay?
Marty Robbins is not in there.
Oh, that's country.
Well, Jody Cash never had one hit to the best of my knowledge that wasn't country.
He was his country as it gets.
Right?
And he's in there.
Okay?
Rendellie certainly wasn't rock and roll by your standards.
But the fact of the matter is in terms of pop music in that back in the day, she was a rock and roll.
Okay?
Just telling you right now.
Oh, please.
He's still dead.
Is it?
And so is he.
He's still dead.
He's still dead, Johnny.
Okay, so here's the poll.
What group are artists should be in the rock and roll hall of fame, but isn't?
I mean, if Edda James can be in there, what does that say?
I think even Dennis James has a better shot.
Who?
Edda James, my ass.
Okay, here's the list that we got so far.
Should be in the rock and roll hall of fame.
Ain't.
Three dog knights, 24 votes.
Van Haaland.
And we only have 162 votes, which is pretty weak because most of you people don't know who these groups are, who these people are.
And again, it's not a question when you were born.
It's a question of, do you really know popular music?
That's the question.
Because you have a lot of these pumps out there because they know James Addiction and they know Ja Rule and whatever.
But that's fine.
That's great.
Okay?
But that's not knowing music.
No.
What's popular right now this minute?
Doesn't mean you know music.
Correct.
That means you know Schmidt.
Okay.
Anyway, three dog knights, 24, Van Haaland, 23.
That's a good battle on Jim Croci, 20.
He got a nice race going on here.
The cars, 18, and the guys, who 18, eight?
We got a good race going on here.
We got seven for, yes.
REM-6.
Oh, you like REM, you must be.
Yeah, wow.
How about that?
You're fairing.
Delphi Keen's 5 Gen and B and 5, the spinners for, oh, the spinners are so great.
How could they not be in there?
That's tragic, but the nut.
That is seriously, there should be a congressional investigation of this thinking, they should like blow Cleveland right off the map.
They've parked five for, the village people three, and you were laughing when I said put them on there.
Yeah.
It's not a question.
Who do we like?
Who do we think are great men?
No, this year you're not rock and roll by any stretch.
Wrong imagination.
You're full of crap.
I like them in their day.
You're full of crap.
You are full of satay and RP.
I like them just fine.
If Bobby Deren is rock and roll, then let me tell you right out of the village people are rock and roll, all right?
And Bobby Deren isn't a rock and roll hall of fame.
They are not.
And there are hell of a lot more people today who could tell you why MCA or Anne and Avie,
who knows us immediately as opposed to say Bobby Deren.
Now what do we know about Bobby Deren?
He's Max and I, right?
Be on the seat.
Be on the seat and that's pretty much it, right?
I'm not saying he didn't have other hits, but that's it.
Oh, good dream lover, I love it.
That was a great song, right?
Right.
And Queen, what was it?
Queen of the Hopkang and Hopkang, some club.
You're fairy.
I have no other hop.
ELO has two.
Stevie, I mean these are great names.
These are people that had hits and hits and hits.
Big fat oozing hits.
ELO is a perfect example of a band that should be in there and why they're not.
Stevie, win, win, win, win.
Which you don't like and I'm not a huge band.
But I am.
He's a big alongs in there.
But he belongs in.
He's not a peer.
The venture is two George Michael too, who had ten number one hits even though you don't think he belongs in there.
He doesn't.
I can't stand George Michael.
He makes me wonder, is it going to be a deal?
But he belongs in there.
What do you like about rock and roll?
The whole question isn't, who does George like?
Who's not in there?
That's not the question.
It says rock and roll hall of fame.
Metallica too.
If you don't stop it, man, I'm going to have Josh get that baseball bat and just splatter your brains,
what's left them all over the wall, all over your cabinet.
Metallica too.
Motley Cruz got a pair of Sonny and Shared too.
Chenaya Twain won.
Blondie won.
Linda Ronstell won.
Aronets won.
Herman Sermitz won.
Grand Funk Railroad won.
Prokoharam won.
Edgar Winner Group won.
Johnny Rivers won.
The Miracles won.
The Buckingham's won.
None yet.
Zero.
Oh.
Seriously, you people better start voting for some of these before they come and take you away in a rubber suit.
No votes for Janie Merck and Vanilla Fudge.
The crystals, the turtles, the Kingston trio.
The Kingsman Bobby V. Marty Robbins.
Bobby Rydell spelled wrong.
Edwin Star, a little evil.
The Marvelettes and the Grassroots, which has been on there from the get-go.
Since 815 when I first posted this poll on her, has got the big.
Oh!
There is something wrong with your musical taste.
It's in your collective pochus, okay?
There is something desperately wrong in South Florida.
No wonder they don't play any good music on here because if they did, you wouldn't recognize it anyway.
The Grass Freakin Roots has, since we had it on it in zero.
The only grass they know about is in a big bowl and they're smoking it right now, okay?
Yeah.
You fare what they have?
What is wrong with you people?
Where is your knowledge?
Where is your taste?
What is it that you know?
I beg your pardon?
What did you learn to trade?
Yeah, where did you learn your trade is exactly right.
Trade this.
God.
I just, I'm embarrassed.
I am humiliated even to know some of these people.
Dude, man.
Nobody likes to get up in the morning.
But let's face it, party all night, sleep all day, mix Johnny one unoply convenience store worker.
That's why you need the Rock and Roll along clock.
Now we're peak-beap-beap here.
Just gut wrenching, high decibel screams from today's top rock artist.
You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Parker.
Chris Robinson from The Black Rose.
And for the true comatose news, and there's a who alarm.
That's a wink, you have called the moor, your warm food man.
Studies show Stoke Brain's respond to the Rock and Roll along clock.
Get it now and head bang your way into a new day.
Speaking of Joe Parker, what about him?
The letter?
He below the other.
He belongs on there.
Two and a half minutes later, what about the box tops?
They had a few.
They're not on here?
No, that's right.
See, we have the list, so we have the advantage over the audience.
The audience is going to have to guess.
And I look at the list and say, oh, guess what?
It's already on there, but thanks anyway.
Or guess what?
You're right.
That belongs on here.
And what's going on here?
Let's have a congressional investigation.
Let's have a meeting of the UN.
What did I say?
Okay.
And raise some holy hell.
I see the grassroots finally got to appear.
No, it's just, I'm sorry.
I just have no tolerance for this kind of swill.
Because that's all I've heard for so many years now.
How many years have I heard this?
Five, seven, eight.
I've heard nothing about music, Neil.
And you're the tastest in your Tushy.
You have the worst taste in music, you're right.
I've forgotten more about music than most of you will ever know.
And if I remember this, then I'd really be dangerous.
W.A.M., hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
W.A.M., hello.
Now, listen to good start.
Mm-hmm.
Powerful.
W.A.M., hola.
I knew.
I want to hear your voice.
A voice.
So this could be a start.
Yes, sir.
This could be a start to have you.
Well, it's not a good start.
Did you hear the newest nomination by a great president?
About what?
Mr. for the head of the World Bank.
Yeah.
Mr. Paul Wolfowitz.
Yeah.
I can't believe it.
Why did you call him Mr. Paul Wolfowitz?
Well, I don't want to get you down.
I don't want to get you down.
Mr. Frank Sinatra, get out of here.
Go, go, go, go, Wolfowitz, some of that grease stuff to put this here.
Some of that grease in formula.
That was a good one.
Give him some of that, uh, again some of that chew polish that Ronnie Reagan used to wear.
We'll fit right in.
Or maybe just some good spittle.
We'll do it.
It'll work in a movie pretty good.
566-10560, Pound.
Mr. Paul Wolfowitz.
Well, thank you, Mr. Collar, and have a wonderful day.
You fairy.
Nobody can hear me.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's popping?
Yes, sir.
What do you guys?
Hey, remember you're talking about video puke yesterday?
Video puke?
Video waves.
Oh, yes, sir.
Hey, I went there and got a couple of horns a long time ago.
What was I put that time?
Oh, my God.
Back in the day.
Hey, you were saying that that guy Mitch was nuts.
What was up with that guy anyways?
He was nuts.
Well, me, I'm nuts.
Truck nuts.
Truck nuts.
Yeah, I got another thing.
When you shave your head, do you use, do you use shears or a razor?
No, I have to, not a razor or a shears.
I have one, like a real barber's razor.
Oh, I forgot.
I put it back in one of those sharper image deals.
In fact, it's like real short now, man.
It is so comfortable.
It's just, it's fantastic.
So, is it like smooth from smooth skin or yet?
No, it's just real, real short, like a number one.
I would say in a barber shop like a barber shop, like a barber shop.
I'd say you can get in the still have real hair, you know?
Yeah, because I shave my head out of the, I shave it lower number one.
Well, this is also below, but I would never grow back to here again.
This is so much more comfortable, man.
It's the way to do it.
Oh, yeah, but when you go out there, when the day, you don't have to worry,
like looking at mirror and see if your hair is like all inflamed.
I mean, if you got a lot of hair, that's great.
Then you can do something with it.
But when you don't, when you're old, dotting full like me,
you walk around a lot of this, it's great.
Yeah, or if you're 10 days younger.
Yeah, if you should have a great day.
Okay, WNQA Am, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have one for your list.
I agree with most of everything that's on your list,
except you're missing the winner, which would be Chicago.
If Chicago is not an, ah, ah, ah, ah, I got a winner.
Oh, my God, you are, sir.
Absolutely.
I will remember the same again.
This is, what, what does this tell you?
Yeah, exactly.
What does this tell you about the Croc of Fau fame, huh?
These people should only croak a wicked nasty miserable death.
I mean, I'm talking about pain, baby.
Right.
You're talking about their criteria?
Obviously, they don't have much.
No, I'm just talking about their glaring old missions.
I mean, there is some of these you can argue about for hours.
Is there any argument from, ah, even Josh there,
who would know Chicago from a Springfield Illinois?
You know Chicago, don't you?
I did a little bit.
Yeah.
Oh, there you go.
Stephen Josh Cortes, who's a punk, who just got back from jury duty yesterday and wasn't
called again and getting pretty p-od about, getting tired of it.
Even Hingo is from Chicago.
How do you like that?
He was born about 10 minutes ago, like one of them, a festering, very shrimp.
You're fair with him.
Yeah, that's it.
Then, I'm not going to go through all of this again.
I mean, they got so many hits we could go from now until midnight and not even scratch
the surface.
I'm not talking about just hits like marginal, like one over here and one over here.
I'm talking about gigantic huge fat bloody oozing hits.
Big, the plastic fat they wrote, most of their own music and their own musicians.
I mean, forget about that.
And then Terry can't say, well, wouldn't this be fun?
Don't do it Terry.
We're original.
They were friends.
Oh.
Seriously, that call was the best call we've ever had in the show.
Thank you, sir.
You've made my life complete.
Oh, I'm moly.
I wonder who the present is of the rock and roll hall of fame.
You're fair.
Exactly.
Chicago.
I mean, why would anybody think of a group like that, right?
Yeah, right.
When you got such important people in here as Brenda Lee and Little Willie John,
the moon glows.
Oh, there are some Bonnie Raite.
Oh, God.
Yeah, exactly.
Please give me a string.
Jimmy Reed.
Gene Voss.
Oh, Gene Voss.
Oh, what's the other one's on here?
Muddy Waters.
If you're over the age of 100, do you remember Muddy Waters?
Mal Rainy.
The Delts.
There's another one from 100 years ago that nobody remembers.
Even just barely the Delts.
The Del Vikings, they didn't make it, but the Delts, they're in there.
It goes to show you that these people are communist.
All over Little Havana, Sweetwater, and Hylia, how would all you people roll in down your
windows like Howard Beale would say right now?
Communist.
Communist.
There is a communist conspiracy going on right now.
My God.
What is wrong with these people?
Jesus.
I already played that one.
Try this.
Here it goes.
And then, of course, back during election time, I think I remember one of them.
I was just out of climates.
And I would fit right into it.
Back in the elite 60s when it came out, it fit right into it.
Not more than everybody was all pissed off and parted up and rightfully so.
Now it's like, oh, what's that?
What was that?
What are they sticking about?
Man, oh man.
People are just the brains are fried.
I'm still mystic.
I'm the way this thing is.
I'm going in.
I'm still in.
I'm going in.
I'm going in.
I'm going in.
Terry did do again.
Damn it.
You're not a crepto-position.
Hey, Terry, don't do it again.
You're fair.
Twenty before 11.
See, that's one of those that if you play at 100 times instead of like we're not to get
better each time, you know what I'm saying?
You're fair.
Oh, yeah.
That's the rest of it, though.
No, but you do.
After we played the get to chalk one, the whole thing.
Twenty before the hour at QAM, let's see.
Let's look at that lineup today.
We got Mohawar David.
Now, I don't understand this.
This is at Edwin Watts, 12,000-1 Western Rise Boulevard plantations.
That's where I'm always doing a show today.
What is Edwin Watts?
It's a golf shop.
A golf shop?
That's right.
Mohawar.
Well, I guess we got Mad Dog doing shows at supermarkets.
So why not have Mohawar doing a show from a golf shop?
At least you know something about it.
Mad Dog from 4 to 65.
Then we got Rutgers at UM baseball with Joseph Gekki and the Beast at 655 followed by the
award winning EDK show.
Here's a legend, Grandpa.
I'm here.
Sport training will fight 60.
Team Wave.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinking.
Ladies and gentlemen, to keep our economy growing, America must reward corporate criminals,
and I have done so.
Because a society is measured by how it treats the weak and vulnerable, we must punish the
efforts and dreams of entrepreneurs, especially for women and minorities, and urge Congress
to punish hardworking people who want only to provide for their families.
But most of all, I have a message for every American who is 55 or older.
Our social security system has serious problems that will grow worse with time.
In the next four years, we must mass murder those now retired or nearing retirement.
Our aim is to kill many, and best of all, the leader of this nationwide effort will be our
First Lady, Laura Bush.
Thank you and may God bless the man.
So, 1046.
14, 411 at 560 WDQM.
We've got a dozen for Chicago already.
Just went on to the wrong moments ago, right?
Right, right.
And we've already got a dozen votes.
How do you like that?
Good. Let's hope they beat Van Halen.
Oh, let's hold it.
Not to take it all along, no, but we just hate Van Halen like Boris Daker.
It's up to three of them.
Anybody with any taste hates them like we do.
You are my love in my life.
All right.
You are my inspiration.
I mean, I'm going to tell you right now that Van La Bastard, knocking Jim Manditz in any way,
shape or form would be like Gildi, saying that Bill Hewitt was a lousy hockey announcer.
I mean, it's just something basically wrong.
You know what I'm saying?
It would be like Chris Morris saying that Frank Cusick just didn't do a great game.
It's just, it's nauseating, it's disgusting, and only in South Florida, only in a backwater bush-linked place,
could such swill who actually go on.
Anyway, here's a fact from Chip, whose real name is Chip.
He says, you and George know that I was absolutely correct here on yesterday's pool.
What, what, what does that mean?
Oh, what did they say yesterday?
He said it sucked.
But it was a bad idea.
It was not a bad, oh, I see, it was not a bad idea.
We had about 1500 votes.
It was fine.
It was no more or less than most of the polls we take as far as the response.
It was fine.
We did not agree.
No, we don't agree.
Today though, he, see, it's something he likes, so therefore it makes it good.
It's just like you.
You know how to get together with Chip.
But right.
Today is something you can seek your teeth into, so to speak.
Well, I got news for him.
We had a hell of a response on yesterday's pool and we're getting on this one.
By the time we started to pull, the show yesterday, we had 200 votes on the pool, and here
we are.
It's almost 11 o'clock and what do we got?
We got the 301, which is nothing to write home about.
It's pretty weak, if you ask me, Chip.
Anyway, then he says, Harry the drunk Nielsen.
No, he's got it spelled wrong.
It's Nielsen, N-I-L-S-S-O-N, should be on the list.
For God it's given us instruction and lecturing to us all the time, you sure don't know your
swill, okay?
And after corresponding to you for the last 17 years in many different ways, or in many
different ways, he's probably one of those Zagupols on the phone.
My name is not made up of very real Euphari, he says.
Well, back at your chip.
Harry Nielsen.
I guess we could put him on there, although he's going to do so well.
No, N-I-L-S-S-O-N.
You got it, Josh?
He's got it.
Harry Nielsen.
At least if you're going to like to us, follow right now.
Here's a good one on the facts.
It says, the one-hit wonder, Lloyd Personality Price is a member.
That's right, Personnel.
And by the way, that record, I couldn't be wrong, but I think it was about a minute and
forty seconds long.
It was one of the shortest, really.
No, no, seriously, it was one of the shortest hits in the history of rock and roll.
Personnel, definitely under two minutes.
And that was it.
That was the medley of his smash.
I mean, anybody in the year, rock and roll, hall of fame, any of the musicians or the other people who vote
next to, who voters for Lloyd Price, that's all we can say to you.
But the pride of Tenefly in Tenefly, New York.
No, and I see here again, Tenefly, there is no Tenefly, New York.
It's Tenefly, New Jersey.
My roommate in college was from Tenefly, New Jersey, so I have to know something about that, although.
Now, let's see.
No, see, born in New York City, raised in Tenefly, New Jersey.
So once again, once again, with these passes from people I would agree with a fact, but if you met a fact,
just a fact, please give the information correct.
Absolutely incorrect, sir.
The pride of Tenefly, high in Tenefly, New Jersey, Leslie Gore says, looking at the list, there are very few women in the hall
and considering the influence Cleveland had on early rock and roll.
There are very few 1960 members.
It appears they're inducted so far, are a joke.
Now you're getting warmer.
I don't know what else to look at.
Okay, but get it right.
I do like that, Leslie Gore is on there.
Let's put her on.
What do you say?
Okay.
You don't think so?
I'll take another one, eight, you're going to vomit when I tell you, but she definitely had a lot of big hits and she was certainly from a feminist standpoint and a woman, Helen Ready.
I hate Helen Ready.
Don't start attacking me.
What the fact of the matter is, Helen is ready.
And let us agree with that.
Is Helen ready?
You're fairy.
Yeah?
Not disagree with that at all.
I mean, I agree with everything that you said.
I didn't like her.
I didn't like her.
I didn't like her.
I couldn't stand her and her whole bull-like feminist over the top of the news.
You know, nothing wrong with feminism, but I just should just shove it in a little, over the top of the little, over the freaking top of the bitch.
She had a lot of big head delta dawn, right?
Angie Baby.
What is that flower?
What is what flower?
You have a flower?
I don't know what it was for me.
The song's out of the, I am woman.
Yes, you are.
Anybody out there who didn't puke their guts out for that song?
I am woman.
Hear me?
Be a whore.
I don't know how to love him.
Peaceful, shear a whole bucket full of hits, man.
Oh, Helen ready.
Sure.
Leave me alone.
Ruby Reddress.
Oh, I will leave you alone.
Ruby Reddress.
You and me against the world.
Keep on singing.
Emotion.
Ain't no way to treat a lady.
Yeah.
You can't go up a book.
Yes.
Okay.
I was going to say, boy.
What?
You know all the songs.
No, I sure don't know all I have to tell in front of you.
What a fan.
What do you mean by being inside of a book?
I got my book board book.
Are you crazy?
Jesus, Lord, why I know from Helen ready.
I would have told you, I'm a woman.
There's only two of you.
It would have been smack me.
I would have told the three of you.
I was number one, by the way.
I know you're embarrassed with that.
And you should be.
No, I don't think so.
Thanks to the guy that called in to Chicago.
That could be the win-win.
Zooming up towards the top of the list.
Chicago is great.
I'm going to tell you right now.
This is the truth.
You can like your vanilla ice cream.
I'm going to tell you.
You can like whatever you want.
You can like hip hop.
Oh, that's pretty marginal.
But anybody that doesn't like Chicago, their music.
Your taste is deep inside your colon, man.
If you don't like them, you don't like music.
That is put as well as you can put it.
If you don't like Chicago, you don't like music.
How do you like that?
And okay, so it wasn't hard rock.
And it wouldn't have played it on she.
And yaddy, yaddy, yaddy.
But.
But.
It also wasn't like, well, I mean, some of the stuff
was a little on these syrupy side.
You know, nothing wrong with that.
Right?
Even for example,
for example,
and artists had ballads and
I mean, this one was pretty syrupy.
Right?
Yeah, I liked it.
Depressing, but I liked it.
Right.
Very depressing.
Not to make you like put a gun to your head.
The good news about this is that, like, you can do a two-minute talk-up.
You know, you could read a weather forecast.
And then on the other hand,
yeah.
Oh, and this was syrupy too.
I'm sure.
But it's good.
It's a little.
And then it was stuff that was like a little bit stronger.
Sing?
No, baby.
Awww!
Awww!
I think old days.
I think old days, well, I think more.
I think more, more, more, more.
You got that on there, don't you?
You got that on there, don't you?
You got that on there, don't you?
You are such a pin in the ass.
You have no idea.
I do not have any of that.
It's a-
It's a too-disk set.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't do that.
It's a too-disk set.
Make it cold.
It's a-
It's a-
Old days is on the other.
There we go.
Right.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Oh, wow, a-
Old days.
Towns only, just bad.
I think we're trying to, like, influence the poor.
Like that.
But we're not that we really would have to.
I bet that if I looked at it again right now,
They're just zoomed out to the top are they yeah gonna beat Van Halens pants off. Okay, let's hope you're talking
Now they're not zooming they got 17 they had 12 oh they got 18 already cuz Van Halens got like 48
Seriously, it's about time some of you people and I don't want to hear about the FN and magic stocks
It is we know that okay a lot of you people out there waste a lot of money on a lot of crap
Okay, instead of betting on those ball games like Hank's always trying to talk you and do her like go and play in the slots
Like I'm trying to talk you know go out there and buy you some music, okay?
Get you an iPod get you a Sony Walkman get you like a real CD that get you a one of those Bose deals with a CD deck in it
Right mm-hmm and go on and get a CD burner and burn a bunch of stuff burn one. We're gonna make that one
Try out loud
Let's see Nirvana
Yeah, they belong under they are something I'll see here. Here's the difference between you and me
Mm-hmm. I absolutely agree even though I think Nirvana is like absolutely the opposite of representing me
What I'm not going to I have a definition of rock and roll. I don't want to hear it. We don't want to hear it
Do I want to hear it?
I'm not excluding people because I don't want to hear this well
I mean I agree with them with like the George Michael thing. I mean that I walk and roll
Let me say it again. We're not interested in your definition or Georgia's definition
We're interested in the standards that the rock and roll hall of fame has you they have none and if we look down the list
And we see people like Brenda Lee it's not a question of is it real rock and roll?
It's a question of see things evolved over a period of time and as a result
Exist is popular music popular so it should be called the pop music track rock and roll hall of fame
But it isn't but nevertheless that's the thing okay? That's the criterion right well. I'm not changing my definition
But we don't we don't care because the poll isn't about Georgia's rock and roll hall of fame now if you want to do one of those one
They when you're on that's fine. All right. Go ahead
But this is not the George Rodriguez Hall of Fame rock and roll hall of fame
Who's it? I mean is Ricky Nelson rock and roll maybe once upon a time he was considered yeah
Ricky I why are you crazy? Yeah, very well said look at the minute that ancient. He wasn't that long ago
It wasn't get out of here Rick Nelson before he finally smoked a big fat one up there
Whatever the hell you did if you two lines to money in that plane what the hell was his last hit?
He was doing a garden party. I was playing that on the air. I think on Zeta. Yeah, that was rock and roll
That garden party is garden party is rock and roll
Rock and roll by your standard. No, you are so
Today let's see his last day his last hit was in let's say like I said 72
Okay, that's 33 years
That's a third man, right like I said he was a long like he died. When how did he die?
He was born in T-neck New Jersey died in 85 well, he had like a long
Fog dry spell you know that
That they were a long dry Nervano, okay, please play any eyes near bits of you can
Yeah, they're still in the good one. We can't play anymore anyway, so why don't you even bother?
You know can't play the good stuff just to forget about just just the cherished memories. Oh, it's sure
Ah
The association now they in here there are not out of the association and we agree on that don't wait we do
Holy cow now see there you go. You just you just it's a self-defeating argument
What is it you just try to start yourself in the
I don't know it and because the the association all of their music was popular music
There was nothing that they ever recorded there was a long comes Mary maybe you might say that's rock and roll
But cherish cherish you that pretty syrupy baby
Really heavy on this syrup if you were anywhere near rock
I mean if you had that pancakes with real butter like actually was
Or mission up a couple of days ago there in Atlanta that you could have put that syrup right on top of the association
The song is it's it's not about that at all. Hey on your horse racing fans and poker players
Pump and a park racing and poker has all the gambling actions you could ever want to then some just a half miles from both
I'm 95 of the turn packed pump and a park features free admission free general parking every day
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday
Poker starts at noon and goes on a bit night live racing gets underway nightly 725 p.m. It coming up this Saturday March 19
Pump and a park wants to thank all of you for your support in the passage of these slot machines over the victory party
This Saturday pump and a park will have a special cake cutting ceremony and live music and it'll be
Quarantine with all race programs draft your hot dogs. So does popcorn and more all only 25 cents each
There also be free miniature horse rides for the kids
It's their way of saying thank you for your support
So come celebrate with our 25 cent night this Saturday even I may show up for this party
But don't hold your breath. It's almost as good as free spaghetti dinner night
Pop and a park a black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 954 972
2000 or on a wicked web. It's pomp and a park dot com if you talk real nice
They'll maybe even let you sit in that which is chair pomp and a park horse power you can plunge on
You're listening to me. You'll Roger
Oh
560
You
I'm a dancer. I'm Joey D
formally of Joey D in the starlight. I'm also founder of the rock and roll restaurant
Where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars?
You love so much in the past
But whose lives have been destroyed by crooked record companies stars like Mr. D clock over here
Oh
You can plainly see why we need your help over here. We have Daniel P. this who sang rhythm for the govones
Every now and then I try to help them out
It's okay
We show you a support by sending your checks to 442
Glingwood Avenue in soft city our email address is browndwick.swann for more information
Just call feedwood for five seven eight nine
I guess who's getting ten grand boys and girls who who former hostage actually Smith good
Don't forget we got Paul is on the night 10 o'clock the purpose of life and all other crap
They're plugging it boogie on on CNN so they can bring you to God
They'll God bring it to the Lord okay, and they can put a lot more that guy's books that chester. Where's the Hawaiian shirts?
Former hostage Ashley Smith who out police peacefully captures suspected line of courthouse killer Brian Nichols with those delicious pancakes made with real butter
We'll receive $10,000 reward from the state of Georgia governor Sunny Perdue was announced and we sure love his chickens
Don't wait
As a captain of inter suburb and land apartment on Saturday morning Smith says he gained the confidence in Nichols as a grant
We know that Smith says he gained Nichols trust by talking to him about her five-year-old daughter about God and hope
He later gave himself up out through police outside her apartment
There's no word on whether she'll receive any of the other reward money offered in case including 20 grand from the FBI
25 grand from the US Marshall Service and five grand from the Jojo Sheriff's Association
But let me tell you right now as Chicago would say this is only the beginning
You know what I mean? Oh, yeah, we got the movie the book of many series
The poor the speaking tour the God Squad tour
As the prime time tour and the talk show was the talk show circuit tour
No, they don't really talk to tabloid interviews right all of these things
Because there's a talk show means that she can talk that guy out of killer. Oh, yeah, that's right
And not only that but she can put Martha Stewart's a dream. She can she can flip up a back to them pancakes while she's talking up
Great storm about the Lord the new Martha Stewart fresher right here. We we can have a cooking and religion channel now
Here's what we got here's what we got on the pole so far. I love see
I love these but the audience hates him so in spite of what chips says see if chip tells us a good good pull
That means we got nobody listen maybe a piece of trash really bad who part of what it or why did Joyce do that?
Whatever you wrote yesterday whatever swill right that means that we're cooking with gas how many pole ideas has he's
Zero right probably zero now look at this we got all just changed again
We how many votes we got three sixty three you see it's not that big of a deal
But I you like I like it too, but I'm not trying to be argumentative with it because I think it's a great pool
And I thank the call of the call yesterday inspired me and I think especially they got to call with Chicago
If we would overlook that we we should be shot, you know
Or at least with
Or they should take us all into like bus office and all scream at us you fairy like that
She was in here this morning again. I don't know why I just can't get the message across
Don't take it personal as you want to you ruined it off of my days already bluff
Okay, I don't like people like ruin my day see that's one of the reasons I'm far away
Is that I want to have somebody to ruin my day?
You know what I'm saying? What is it? Of course rhymes with you fairy?
Gay just just leave me alone. Okay. I have no need to speak to you every morning
I can do the show without a pat on ahead
I've been doing this a very long time and anytime you come in there or clearance or any of these other little
Interlopers there's always the possibility that you're gonna stir up some crap. I don't want to hear about it
Send me a memo send me a fact send me an email put a note in a bottle put it in the ocean
Maybe to look like I said the other day wind it's way up into Lake Ontario and I'll find it on the beaches somewhere
Just leave me alone because you you contribute nothing
Zip ity do it out of my life just aggravation and angst and you've done it if it happened once I would have said wow
You know anybody can like make a bad judgment
But but this has happened how many times have I gone through the same routine on the year huh at least
But turn me at least at many times. I don't like people ruining my day or because because they're emotional cripples
And they want to share their hysteria with me if you want to be hysterical great go right ahead
Have a great time. We're running around on the hall going like that. You know, I have a good time
I just leave me out including when I'm there very soon. I'll be there. I don't want no part of it
What group or artist should be in a rock and roll hall of fame?
But isn't Van Halen 54 Chicago 34 I'm reading from a list a few minutes ago three dog night 34 guess who 27 Jim
Cochie 26 the car 23 REM 15. Oh my god if you like REM you must be
That called just to my mind was just so idiot. What if I liked REM before I knew that they were gay because I'm still
In addition which thanks mr. President for those low gas prices. Wow. How do you like this pretty since gonna be two bucks a gallon
Thank you so much mr. President for hooking up that hose
Yes, talk
I can't even hear it
He's in a barrel off the MP3 who the talika 14 Leonard Skinner 10 spinners nine yes nine
They'll hikings nine EL08 village people eight blindy seven something in cheer seven Janine Dean seven under on set six
Johnny River six they park five six they park five six grassroots five. Oh, I want to cry and I just yeah
Cry in all of the fun is the ventures Ron has Grand Thunk Railroad Proclamation for three of these for Stevie win win word
It's win wood you quizzling you you idiot not win word win wood. Okay. She
Win word what is wrong with you? Yeah
God oh, it's being a bad George Michael three
Your van a two Danny Merkins to so Jay black is married to Mitch Lewis's sister and Hank had a little trivia the tweed
Those are all man. He knows the ins and the outs huh?
Who do I say Lewis? Oh, Mitch ween between how would a swan he said Mitch Lewis?
Pretty sure it was we know because that hurt that before Mitch weenies sister is as
Mary to Jay black he has a sister you know who's older than dirt
Cheniah Twain might they crew the turtles Kingston trio they got two they got a pair
Firman's Vermons got one had to go on a group Bobby V
Everyone started miracles and the Buckingham's each have one and no votes yet for the association
Helen ready Leslie Gore. I mean it got you know, he sends a fax in it doesn't even vote for it
Harry Nelson chip same thing chip if you're gonna like you know voice Terry Nelson on us at least vote for it box tops
Edison lighthouse their crystals the Kingsman the Kingsman have no votes off
Traject they invented brat. I want to tell you something right now
If there's any song that is more widely recognized in the world than Louis Louis you tell me what it is
I don't know what is it happy birthday?
No, no, I'm talking about a commercial song. That's more widely recognized than what is it done and read on I don't know
No, you're right. I'm a great and there's no sets of animal no matter where you go from hamster and to Berlin to
Toronto to Montreal to
If you're so Andy everywhere in between they're playing Louis Louis. I mean come on man
Bobby right they'll spelled wrong. It's a why not an eye but you know who's gonna even the marvelous have none
Yes, I'm throwing away taxes that are suggesting things that we either already have on the poll or are already on the whole thing
That's okay. That's fine
Just read a
Bobby right now with why now little Eva's got done and she of course did the original recording of the locomotion
Which is done by grand funk and a million other people have who are done it and and I don't think I do like the grand funk recording
But nobody ever did like little Eva I agree can we agree on that and I think that was great
I like grandfather was made she was a made really good who the yes, she was a maid and the record producer forget who it was
Signed her up and she did the thing what you go for a thing
Little leave a void brown whatever anyway. I can look it up if you want my book
See I'm not gonna sit her pretend I all I'll sit like that thing with Helen ready you had to be joking
I'm just amazing. I was impressed
Well, are you looking at the place? She was born in Belhaven, North Carolina June 29, 43 discovered by singer
Oh, I see here. You know, I was wrong. I don't made you as a babysitter. I like me
But I was close Carol King and Jeffrey Goffin discovered her while babysitting their daughter Louise Goffin and she was singing up a storm
And hey this bitch can really sing and there you go keep your hands off my baby. Let's turkey trots
We're gonna on the star with big D. Irwin when little Eva and of course the locomotion
I didn't just mention that in passing. Oh locomotion that's somebody else
Yeah, who knows from little Eva? You're right. We don't know who that is
Seriously if you're gonna study up on music and pretend you know something about I make a deal with you
I'll start listening to hip-hop not if you start like you know going out and researching some real music from like this
50s and 60s and 70s that was real. I mean once you got to the middle eighties
Forget about it mostly crap on the radio anyway
That's when it all started to go their separate ways when radio and music what their separate ways not
And I see a band has to be over 25 years old to be considered a citizen or dumpner van
No, we're not gonna dump your van a band has to be over 25 years old to be considered. I didn't know that will be more careful
I guess yeah, I guess we have to be a hell of a lot more careful that we put anybody else on air who's fairly new
I don't think so and of course if it's gonna be over 25 years old what's this audience gonna know about it?
How about the 1910 fruit gum company?
Careful let's see well Kirk Cobain is gonna be recording some new tracks pretty soon
Let's see they start when the hell there was no van is first hit 91 so they don't even come close to 25
So actually they don't belong on there, but look believe in mom just to give you a pound something to deal with okay
Something to sink your teeth into right okay. Oh, there does he here does
All right
I think I have
I can find him
I'll tell you what you just
Hold your horses a second
Amy Grant oh, yeah, grandfather. Oh, we're an American band. Oh god. I love that
74 March 30th 1970 was number one for two weeks real emotion by Grand Funk. Yes, and we're an American band 73 1873
Some kind of wonderful bad time
Grand Funk is great from flip Michigan by the way a home of Michael Moore
And homo that shameful place where that lady lived whose kid got the gun and shrapnelo zero
Remember that yeah, I'm sure in Poland for Columbine. Oh, I can't find the budget
Well, why not how can you not find Grand Funk railroad?
Cuz it might not be out here. I might actually have a CD here. So during the break I might check it out
You
In Louisiana play a baby
Oh, how are the baby, Michelle we got a little chick with pace here first. Well, it's will be journalists
My daughter's in tickets, you know
She works for the first DJ's nearby pictures
But he shot up the first number says on the phone to why you missed a willister. How do you do?
Welcome to my shoe
When what a wonderfully glistening body of work you do have so
Joysy boy, huh? Yeah, not for Brooklyn. They got in spot in a world in the day except that I didn't have beef with the fan fish
You have to wait away something
Yeah, you know how it is
If you ever wake with it, it's raining to the bird
Well, I just I did not know he was gay
It's hard to believe but there's
Game so you know one of those things you know when I drive home
I have to pull off the road to think about this, you know
Press movie hit a bomb my old
favorite cheese
Thank you, Mr. Willis for this luminary cool
Yeah, Mr. Fertinality. So how'd you like from Hebrews will as far as they agree for that? I love it
Yeah, you're so stupid. You are you're gay you fairy. It's 1120
At 560 W. Kim you're gonna be just
Discussed when you hear like some other one here. Oh, no. Yes
To the qualified
Not in the rock and roll hall of fame. It's a major change. I mean like that
You're fern they're cold as ice
Not for them
Okay, one of my very favorite groups one of the great groups in history was probably even one of the top 10 groups of all time
If I do say uh at the maze is like order
But don't be playing all music now the ones kids very upset. Let's see here's one it says the rock and roll all of shame has
Five categories performers early influences non performers
Sidemen and lifetime achievement. Yes. I have all of those right here the list
Yet only one this jockey Alan freed is in the hall the clock is there too
Well, the clock was also with this jockey so what does it say in the might as a listen radio DJs had that that you know something
This is right is right all the way. I think wolf man jack is in there. Let me see
Um, I don't see him
Uh, no
What do he be in their under a different name? No
Jack Wolfman Jack the wolf man now he's not in there. I don't see him. Let's check it
I was a swarm that I read that he was in there
But non performers you got Paul acumen you got a bunch of people. I have no idea
Uh, Dave Bartholomew a lot of producers and a Dick Clark Tom Donahue uh, Alan freed
I'm Jerry Goffin and Carol King very gory junior. I mean is there any death?
Colin Dozier and Holland Jerry Lieber and Mike Stolar George Martin
Uh, producers Sam Phillips for example, Phil Spector has filled on
About etc, but that's a very good point
Murray the K Daningroom wolf man jack on steel Larry Lujek or LA great Robert W Morgan could be considered for the non
You know, that's an excellent point very good the rock and roll hall of shame. That's what he calls it in your right
It says yes, and a fly is in New Jersey and I've owed I know that I've been there
They're in kind of fun New Jersey. I eat pizza there
Let's say for your pool also the monkeys as much as I love ELO says they're K whoever K is and that's a good one
Even George would agree with that yes, I would the monkeys say had a a list as long as your arm right as long as your leg of his tribe TV
They were ever about a couple of big relations. I mean, you know Peter torque was a musician and
They was actually huh they they learned how to play eventually. Yeah, but I mean they made some good music they did and they had a
Plus the tremendous plus see part of this is the gotta be the influence they had no with the TV show and all the novel and unique stuff
They tried the TV show and did right right there even at a long wood do you see what I'm saying
You said
The fact that foreigner in Chicago were not on this list and foreigner by the way their first hit was in
77 so don't give me the 25 year limit routine. That's like almost 30 to 28 years
So they definitely, uh, you know, fit in but they're not in there
So they must not be a smear in the right hands or pockets or wallets or something like that
I'm sure the industry the record industry has everything to do with
You know who gets in and who don't oh well already told you the other day how they the the musician and they vote for themselves
Remember when we had the list of the anew the 2005 inductees, which was what inspired this fall to all that we're doing right now
Musicians and composers and writers and so in other words, they mutual cluster thing, you know what I'm saying
Yes, my dear, you fair right sorry
560560 pound 560 on a Verizon and sing it around us lines w.w.q.a.m. Hello
Yes, I am I love your show man
Uh-huh. I was
I'm thinking about the name that might I would think it should be on there but I got three names that I'll give you one bad
I mean look them up and see if they're on here, okay bad company
Bad company is not on here. What about lover boy? What about lover boy
You remember
They
What about 38 38 special they belong under oh, I love 38 special and you know what they're not on here
Now let me see is that 25 years though 38 special I know bad company should be they've been around for a while
Oh, yeah, but no because there's no question about 38 special their first it was 81
So 20 they're getting closed, but they don't qualify yet. They're moving up. I love your show Neil
Thanks a lot pal. I have it right here. I think you said that. Thank you
You're speaking of places should cargo how about oh wait wait
All right, if you're gonna tell me that Kansas is not on here. I'm gonna fall down. They're not on there. Can you tell me like that?
Absolutely. Oh my god
That's it. Oh
Kansas is not on here. Oh my goodness
I'm sure they meet the 25 year requirement and of course
Kansas my god are you kidding me? What is wrong with you?
Let's see why we just want to be sure I guess because then we'll get some nitpick wrong
Well Kansas their first there were they are right okay? Yeah mama. Let's see 77 not even close 28 years
They got to buy three years. They got a big fat margin in there, okay?
so
oh
I
You worried what your friends
That's gonna be the new format we're gonna be playing all the rock and roll hall of fame inductees and then those who ought to be in there now
Then we have to throw in the town other we lost the dolphin rights and we have to turn the you've gotten over to the
Van La Bastard and stew got
No
So
We'd rather leave the action with my Christian friends
For anybody here would us Christian
Come on the knockers after door at all
We're engaging with men
The magazine wins and don't throw bother in us today
We're out at the men of God
On a side with gay, don't you know what we're doing?
Just do what we say, it makes it for real
We're glaring and damning
And down to the foot of wild
And wild again
We're getting it all with Christianity of God
That is so undersized that it's almost gone
There ain't nobody here but us Christian
In the closet they are Christian balls
We found the portal ground to hit the critical wave
When we wag our fingers in your face
We're out at men of God
But inside with gay, don't you know what we're doing?
Just do what we say, it makes it for real
Any open old woman for life
Don't you know what we're doing?
Just do what we say
Okay, 20 until the end, I got the load on here
I'm going to print it out and read it about the holiday
Neuro this list down and who puts them on a list, etc
Okay, the scale
Just in case
And again the 2005 inductees, Buddy Guy
What?
That's right, Rhythm and Blues guitarist Buddy Guy
Who?
We talked about this yesterday
You know what I'm talking about, you're so short
What a guy he was
He was here yesterday
Wasn't here
What are you talking about?
I had a whole lot of people here yesterday
He was doing jury duty
What he wasn't ready to do in jury duty
He was standing by to see if he would be selected
And they took one look at him and said
Oh man
You fairy
Hey look what I found
What you find?
And I don't dislike this group
And I don't think you're gay for liking him
We were just talking about this
I think yesterday
That
That
That
Pretty sure
He only had one hit and then I would have had another one
And here is the other one
I know it's what you're calling
Yes, you're right, from that soap opera
Player
Right
No, I didn't say the only hit one hit
I said they only had one that I liked
They had two hits
Baby come back
And this time I'm in for a lot
Right and I don't have to look that up
Because I know it's pretty easy to remember a pair
I had the 8 track of that
I am ashamed to say that but I did
That's all right
Didn't some of us have actual 8 track players in our cars
Back in the day
Yeah, and the summer
I had a portable 8 track player
Well there you go
That's even more tacky
And I carried it around in my car
I see
Well all I can say of that is
You fairy
Um
I didn't eat a low 8 track for what it's worth
Really
Yes I did
Holy moly
See who's the person for all
What do I have in the stomach just turning down
But I thought I was turning down
I'm here
Gee
Not for loud boys
Okay
People are starting to talk
Anyway
Yeah, that's a life for 4 nights
I hate to lie
Uh
Let's see
How about cream or club and they're on there
A Derrick in the Dominoes
Are they on there?
Derrick in the Dominoes
Fans Dominoes
I'm gonna thank goodness
Derrick in the Dominoes
That I'm gonna belong on there
I think it's in there
Don't you
They do, I agree
Log in the Messina
Uh
Not on there
Put it on the list
Got it
We got it
Boston
I was Boston
I- Boston's been around over 25 years right
Feels like they have
It feels like they've been around much too long
As a matter of fact
I don't know let me look it up
I like the word they played the hell out of it
Well let me take a puke at it okay
In fact let me before I do that
Can I just read you the uh thing
Okay
The uh uh
Where is it
I thought I just printed the damn thing out
About the requirements
Uh uh
Frank Barcelona
Founder of Premier Talent Agency
And Seymour Stein
Sherman Assah Records
We're inducted in the lifetime
Achievement of Non-Performer Category
In the one yesterday
I have it here somewhere
About how they do it
And where- oh here it is
The Foundations Nominating Committee
Composed of Rock and Rule Historians
Select nominees each year
In the Artist Category
Ballastor then sent to an International
Voting Body of about 700 Rock Experts
Rock Experts okay
Whatever whatever after that mean
Artists become eligible for induction
25 years after the release of their first record
Got that
Okay, now let's start sent to an International
Voting Body of about 700 experts
Well who the hell is an expert
Uh huh
Let's rickshaw
Okay
He's an expert
They're gonna have Ricky Tiki on there
But he doesn't get a vote
Let's see Boston
First hit 76
20 uh uh
We're gonna be in the cold American
And not even close
They're not on there
Put them on the list
We got it
We got the one we found
Oh there he is
Yeah
Kansas
Look at that
Let's see here's one that says Jeff Beck
Ah I don't think so
You
I mean no
Not for the Rock and Rule Hall of Fame
But we're some like in Palmer
If we're gonna be on that
How you on there?
No
Yes
I would agree they belong on there
They belong on their big time
They belong on their
Everyone's like in Palmer
We're gonna be just
Sugar on his chair and tight
It should be for somebody
You know
They might get a voter too
Yeah
Not Jeff Beck
How about Boston
Well there's two for Boston
We just said
And then it says Van Halen rules
As Charles and Lauderdale buy the sea
Another fact said
Rush, Rush has not been around 25 years
If you might have
Get out of here
I think it's worth looking up
You want to rush to judgment on this
Okay let me look it up
Think they might have been
Yeah
Let me look out the window
Okay
See if they're here
Rush
There's Rundee MC
Rush hard rock in uh
Trio formed in Toronto
Getty Lee
Yeah
Everybody
Not even close
Sorry
First the record 82
That sounds like 13 years to me
I know my rush, Mr.
You sure as hell don't
Oh and how about
How about
I don't believe this
This is unacceptable
In fact there's
There is a website
Where they're trying to like get
This individual into the
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Todd Runggren
Yeah well
You don't agree with that
He belonged to
You don't agree with Todd Runggren
He belonged on there
Yes
He belonged on there
That's what I'm agreeing with
Larger
Already of work
1970
Other people
As a producer as an artist
There you go
And so let's get Todd Runggren on there
And see how Josh spells then
Yeah rush only since 82
Sorry about that
Here's the facts from Mark
But the way that is
I don't know
Three years
What
You said 13 this
23
Who
About Rush
Well I'm sorry
That's right
How time flies
When you're having fun
23 not 13
Excuse me
Well listen
When you get to be my age
You try to like
Condenser
Yeah
Sure
I can't do that
And then you say 23
Years
Oh it's
Yes
I have to check another calculator
Mark says
I don't know if anyone's
mentioned it
But there's several groups on your pull
Which as of now are ineligible
The first requirement is that 25 years of
Passancy
Roof's initial album was released
Now the first recording
REM
Who My Love
And metallic
Who My Dispires
Will Both Be in the Hall of Fame
But Won't Be Eligible for one or two more years
Well let's look that up
This guy might be right
Look up our hand
They might be cutting it close to
You think
So what would be the year that would look
Even high school
And I graduated in 82
80 would be the year
Right
And this is really
It's a name good thing I got my book
You know
If I didn't have my book
We'd be lost
We'd be doing all this online
And poor Josh there
Have to be looking
I really like the most
There's Otis Redding
You just got in Otis Redding
He's still sitting on the dock of the bay
Or was that
That was Percy Sledge
I'm sorry
He's in
REM
First recording
You're right
Absolutely correct, Mark
87
The one I love
That's 13
And five
Make it say
Seven
Huh
There's seven years short
Still short
Sorry
So let's get that off of there
REM
Take it off
Can we do that
We can take it off
Can we take that off
Josh
Yeah, we'll make it happen
You're fairy
And Metallica
Will both be a Yadi Yadi
At Sino and so on
Their panel won't be eligible for at least 10 more years
As far as groups that are not the whole of fame
But our eligible and should be in
It's Iggy Poff
Either by himself or with the stuages
If we'd love to
Forget lust for life and wild child
I already have
Search and destroy it was
For me the official Kickstarter punk rock in the 70s
The godfather of punk for good and bad
Iggy Poff what do you say?
Yeah, he's a keeper
Whatever
No
Here's the group that will never make
All the famous The Bush family gets
On the slush committee
The name is Prussian Blue
Well, what is this Mark
What are you talking about
What are their twin 12-year-old girls from California
Whose mother is a white supremacist
And publicist magazines are still in their
Ventip
In hatred
They go around performing folk covers
The songs by skinhead bands
Like screwdriver and Rahawa
And because they're 12-year-old twins
Blond they blinks and land
The media thinks they're also cute
With just a wee bit of danger throw in
Prussian Blue by the way is the color of dye used in
Cyclone B which apparently was not found in constant
Expression camps
Which is a major piece of evidence to Holocaust
And ours use while calling me a Christchurch
As Mark
Truly disgusting
Well, what does this have to do with anything
In conclusion please correct me if I'm wrong
But more was given the talk show slot
On the station because he was also going to be the dolphins
And answer
And no longer will be the
Why is his president
You don't get it
He's got another year and a half on his contract
Mark
If you think they're going to pay him or anybody else off
Just to go away
You are a dreamer
So anyway
Sorry for being chronic
But I'm going to beat up old French Canadians now
Excellent choice, Mark
You're fairly good
Good work
Don't miss a one
Well I'm turning the stuff is torn in here
We're going to have a long long list
We're going to have to take a couple off
And to believe me
If anybody can make it happen
Between Josh and Eric
They're working on it
You want to sing to me, Roger
And we'll listen to you
Good listen to you
On 566
QAM
You drenched back in
From time to time I have been called the comeback kid
The blue thing sort of deal
And it'll not be out of commission for a week to do
And I'll be back tomorrow
And listen to a big deal
And they said I was in the top 5 percent
And then my age can help
I feel fine
Every day that goes by
I feel a little more like Rocky Balbole
I feel good to kill my hero
I'm gonna spend it alive
I feel good
More than 100,000 positions
And we're not through
We will try to do more
We shouldn't stop
It's more than a quarter of a million positions
It's ambitious and achievable
But it's not enough
Ah
Ah
If this isn't good for my heart
I don't know what it is
It's not it
Give me the news
I've got to
Strike me to love you
I'm gonna be out of your mind
I'm gonna be out of your mind
Okay, 1147
Everybody's all whipped up and we're friends
You're about to
Let's get it right now
Because it's very scientific
And the world may continue
Spitting or not
Reality is open
It's open
This is a fact that says
Rush has been around
At least 29 years
They're first recording in 75
So we'll put them on
They will put Rush on there
Why not
We got two more facts
Unrushed by the way
And it inspired me to
To look up REM
Because I thought I was going crazy
I've been
Remember hearing them in high school
And their first single was released in 81
Still doesn't qualify for the poll
But I'm questioning the book that you're looking at now
Well, these are only top 100
Top 40 hints
Okay
Don't you understand
Oh, I see
So
In other words, they can add a whole bunch of singles
But it might have been years before they find it
Just like Rush
So I see
That's where I'm making a mistake
With Rush, I'm looking up there to see
And they're fed
They didn't have a hit for a few years
I say
Good Toronto boys
Put them on there anyway
Rush
Those first concert I've went to
Get it on there
Now, a whole new musical
Not stop faxing
Who's more chronic than even some of the other
Why?
I was laughing
About you
But I have one
That chip
Oh, chip
Chip off the old
Chip, I hate to say this to you
But
You're fairy
Bad company may not be on list
Because the band started originally as free
Check your list for them
Is free on there
No
Bad company on off
They're not on there
Okay
See, it looks to me
Chip
Like you're just nitpicking
Now, no it's picking a nitpicking
And looking to find fault
Okay
Trust me
They're not on there
Here's yet another fax
Criticizing our lack of knowledge
About Rush
And me in particular
Really
Yeah
Well, what do you mean
In particular
I'm assuming
In Toronto
There they are on a street
Court right there
I don't guys
Never the last time a big Rush fan
Then I should know better
And so
And then I kind of like Rush
Rush performed
If the concert the last summer
A year ago summer
You know, the SARS relief concert
There was Rush and there was Burton Cummings
See, I should recognize him
And would buy well, actually eventually I did
But I mean, should recognize right away
And run like hell
But he was
He was terrible in that concert
And I remember telling you that
This isn't just the sour grapes
I remember telling you it was embarrassing
You did
He was off his feet man
Of that sour grapes
And I love
There is nobody anywhere
Loads to guess who more than I do
I just love
And that's why when he was sitting there
Right next to me
I could have reached out and just smacked him
And the side of the head
And said
Would you stop acting like a child
He heard these stupid slots
I didn't do it though
And then Chip goes on
To try to suck around
And you know, I've always thought
Your taste and music to be impeccable
Ever since you mentioned many moons ago
Your love for Erosmith
But why does that make my taste and music impeccable
Just because I love Erosmith
There are a lot of people out there that hate Erosmith
Which again, I find very unacceptable
It says
And today's response to the poll is somewhat marginalized
I guess you read about my opinion
Yeah, we don't need any instructions
That I have to do with talk show
Like Larry King would say
I know how to do a talk show, Chip
Okay
But you just keep telling those facts
Is going to keep you off the street
You just have to do a talk show
You know what I'm saying?
She have to ferry
Yes, it is
Now see, this is where again
These people, everybody's got their little
You don't get it Jeff
You just don't get it
How can you consider these
Half-ass cheesy rock bands for the Hall of Fame
The monkeys, they didn't even sing
But you're wrong about that
Right, eventually
That says you should add millivin
And vanilla vanilla while you're at it
They did nothing
No, he's trying to take a shot
The monkeys
The monkey though
In fact, let me just look it up right now
Okay, Mr. Hot Shot Jeff
Mr. Expert
Mr. Music Maven
Jeff the Maven
You look up
Yes, I did like the monkeys
I had a lot of their fun play their music on here
Let's see
Last train to Carcsville number one
I'm a believer with number one for seven weeks
Written by Neil Douglas
The A Dream believer was number one for four weeks
There's three number one heads
A little bit me a little bit
You were invited to the time
It was number two for a week
Steppenstone, Pleasant Valley, Sunday
Valerie, Words
I mean, they had a just
And of course, their albums
It goes without saying
They had all kinds of great stuff
And albums that weren't even singles
Like shades of gray, remember that
Yes, I did
The monkeys
I mean, get out here
Okay, so they were like TV
They were created
They were like the ride
Like the Archies
The difference being that
The were one or two
They were real musicians
And then, unlike the Archies
That made Syrup be
Shaggy Shaggy
They made some good music
Okay, that was lasting
And I'll be remember for a long time
Long after your dead and buried Jeff
There's still going to be singing
Day Dream believer
You flaming queen
You're fair
Right, stop talking to the Archies
Then it says the Hall of Famous
To the best of the best
Not Bobby Ride Dell
Well, we put Bobby Ride Dell on
They're just because of the fact that
It's on the margins
And I'm looking at the list that they've got on here
And if you're going to tell me
That all the people on here are the best of the best
Then you're dreaming
You've got to be like Jimmy Reed
Huh?
Bobby Blueblend
Was the best of the best
Bobby Ride Dell, here you go, Wild One
There you go
I love it
By the way, take you up for this music lecture
He came in here again
No, no, this was he had brought some CDs in
With like number one
We got him in before
Like, it's okay
We brought him in here today
Burn him
And the records too
You're fairy
Okay now, what am I looking at?
And I'm just looking at some of the names
Then here that I find
Solomon Burke
What do you say, huh?
Who?
Your grandpa
Solomon Burke
I think that's Abe Solomon Burke
Is today what the heck
You're the
You send me
I mean
If Sam Cook is in the Hall of Famous
And Bobby Ride Dell
Should be like
Heads and Shows of Overman
This is which Bobby Ride Dell is still alive
And he's got a wife, you know
Yeah
I remember somebody once in a magazine
Some Fag Mag
With Bobby Ride Dell Stark naked
I mean Stark naked
Really?
I had no idea
Well, look at his body of work as they say
Look at his body
No, thanks
Wild one which he just got through a plan
Was number two for a week
He had Kiss and Time
We got Love
Swing and School
Of Volare
Sway
Good Time Baby
That Old Black Magic
The Fish
Jingle Bell Rock
I want to thank you
A whole bunch of stuff
Butterfly Baby
Forget him
Forget him was a big
He was number 12
Before we sent a chart
Well, I got another one
I bet you that's not on there
That should be
And you're going to laugh when I said
Okay, I'm looking
No, they're not on there
Mitch Ryder than E-Treat Wheels
What's wrong with that?
Nothing's wrong with that
Jenny take a ride
Demo to Bluegrass on
Good Socket to Me Baby
Right?
See, you don't understand it Jeff
When you say the best of the best
There's a list here
Longer than your arm and leg put together Jeff
And there are a lot of people on here
That quite frankly
Leave me limp
That don't belong
And as a result
Everything is relative
Okay, it's dependent on
Whose relatives are voting on this
That evidently is the case
I mean, James Taylor was on here
And as much as I despised
You know, I have to admit he belongs on there
But it makes me want to cry
Right
Dusty Springfield is on here
I love Dusty Springfield
He never saw a freight train
But I mean, come on
Is Dusty Springfield on a par with Fourner for example?
Or Chicago?
Or many of the other name
Or the Del Vikings
Or many of the other names we've had in here today?
No
No, no way Jeff
So yeah mama, how do you like that Jeff?
Fair
Right
567, 0560
Tom 568
I'm leaving Verizon and singular R&D
They name this to it, I've never heard
They name this
He wasn't
I don't know if we can say this anymore
Paul and Paula
Close
When I got another one for you when we could tell what this
This was the number one hit
In 1962
I have no idea
Dick and Dee
Oh, Dick and Dee, I remember them
They had something else
What is it in the van?
I don't know
What this is, what is it?
Tell me
They had something else
No, besides the set of humor
Yeah
Let me look it up
Dick and Dee Dee
Okay, well where's that?
Deena Desian Billy
There's Dicky Do and the Dones
Little Jimmy Dickens
There's Dicky Lee
Dick and Dee Dee, the mountains high
What was the one you just played?
Tell me
No, that was the marginal hit
But the mountains high was number two for two weeks
Ten weeks on the charts
The mountains high
What happened?
We're not going to put them on her
But I got one for it that I don't see on here
That really makes me very angry
And you'd say, oh what I saw real music
I don't care what you say, they were huge
There's Paul and Paula
There you go
1960, 61, 63
Oh, close
Yeah
Paul were here in the Raiders
I agree with it
And it's not even debatable
It's not up for discussion
Okay, boys and girls
Paul were here in the Raiders
I mean there's some of these other
marginal people are in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Wait till I get to the page with that stuff on here
Huh?
Yeah, now stop, stop
I felt compelled
That was bad
That was just a low blow
Let's see, is this under revere
I wonder if they were from revere man
I said
There's Renee and Renee
There's Ario Speedwagon
What do you say?
I don't think they're older
Yeah, they are
Are they really?
No, not quite
They're like a
Yeah, they are
Really?
Well almost
You've been given lots of money
Just because they suck so bad
No, well they're not
They're a few months short
Good
December 80
Paul, Revue and a Raider is okay
Mark Lindsay
Born
Oh wait a minute, no
I see, that was Paul Revue
Anyway, Paul Revue and a Raider is featuring Mark Lindsay
Just like me, Kicks, Hungry, the Great Airplane
Stryke, Good thing, Ups and Dows, Him or Me
Let me
Indian Reservation
It's a different so on
Really?
The Raider is definitely going on here
And if you don't believe me, all I can say to you is
You fare
Exactly
Don't forget we got Mojauer David at this afternoon
I've heard there's a story going around
At most said that he's done NFL football for 17 years
And even though he will not be doing the dolphin games
He will be doing it for his 18th
One of these days soon
Justice
Ready
Michael
Oh, you're the pencil journey.
But I have something to do with me, too.
Balloon with children.
I go, I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go.
You know, everything you do in that.
I go, I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go, I go.
You know, everything you do in that.
I go, I go, I go, I go.
You know, everything you do in that.
I go, I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go, I go.
I go, I go.
I go, I go.
I go, I go.
I go, I go.
I go.
I go.
I go, I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
I go.
AK
It does not change.
Oh, yeah, it's a war. Yeah, why can't we be friends is that one? But they had a minute to spill the wine all that? Yeah
spill the wine air burden in the animals and
Sorry
Okay, put it on air if you want now can I go back to this list? Okay Chicago 71 tram by 18 three dog night 40 guess who 33
Jim Krochi 31 and see where Santa me yesterday. Oh, I don't think so. He's not rock and roll or something like that
Or the Jim Krochi I was agreeing with you about Jim Krochi the car is 27 liners get in 21 metallic at 20
Which I thought we took my talent off of it because they've been around well, let me look it up before we do that
The city is people are so far off man
So and that's how I'm gonna find it in here anyway, right? I'll look it up now. It's they're not even close take it off
Please yes 20 yes, no the village people 12 spinners 12 see if you win would be 11 we got spelling right
Thank you Del Vikings 11 ELO 10 ELL should be in a lot better than
Is there any question about the yellow no it is just unconscionable on revanna nine which
I thought we were taking that off. Oh, we never did talk about that word. Well, what was the year again?
80 we'll think you're about out there
Let me look let me just take look
Not even close not even close to qualifying for being on there. What is wrong with us?
Metallica was 83 well, that's doesn't cut it nope get it off
1.9 7. In sheer 9 Johnny Rivers 8 the Johnny Rivers thing what the two things why he doesn't have more votes and why he's not in there is so
Unacceptable man Johnny Rivers even people who don't know the music for a secret agent man, right?
Which wasn't his best song, but I'm just saying right right theme song from the show
Nobody don't know secret agent man and love it. They've parked five eight monkey seven. Oh, you can't have the monkeys on there
They didn't even wear even real musicians Linda Ronstead 7 that's just grotesque that she's not on there
Grand Funk Railroad 7 Janine Dean 7 Venture 6 Ron at 6 George Michael 6 vanilla Fudge 5 speaking of George Michael
Procal Herman the grassroots 5 the fact that the grassroots have only five is enough to make me sit on the floor and cry for many arms
Janie Americans 4 Motley crew 4 the miracles 4 rush 3 Emerson Lincoln Palmer 3
3 for Shania Twain the turtles Kingston trio to a piece for Boston Herman's Hermits every winter group Bobby V Bobby
Rydell Marveless Todd Rungrin and the Derrick and the Domino's and Kansas and 38 special
I thought 38 special wasn't the in qualified and bad company and
Deliz the Goren Harry Nielsen and the box tops of the crystals and Kingsman Edwin star in a bucket
Ames want a piece and none yet for George through a grid wonder how did we put him on there during the bridge ride in the Detroit wheels
Paul Rivera Riders Association Helen ready Edison lighthouse Marty Robinson little Eva have the big even little Eva
Even after you play like a little bit of the locomotion how do you like that that is sad but I told you
Okay, you
Well, that's not the one I wanted to play the one I wanted to play with
What do they got zero they got the big
Oh
Like I said
What I thought you were playing something oh I had here you go without a visit. Oh, it starts out like that
Oh, I see real low. It's your favorite you to all her head
What was that was all ready Angie baby. Oh, no, I like it stands. I remember the beginning of it and and probably like it
I know I know too anymore. I hate Helen. But here can't stay
Yeah, but she belongs on you no matter what he was that she have any votes to do we not put around here?
I don't remember reading. Oh, she didn't have any votes. It's just pretty sad pretty pretty sad little Eva's got none
The association has gotten none and it was one here that only had one that I just just blew me away. Oh, I had the Kingsman
She did just don't understand it. I don't think there have been very few records in the history of rock and roll music
It had been as widely heard as influential as a widely discussed played center was that what year was that?
Louis Louis. I would say 63 let me look it up the Kingsman midly of their smash
Let's say the Kingsman there's here they are the Kingsman weekend and a song called weekend that we ever heard it
11 30 63 Louis Louis and then of course it was re-released 400 times
But what are these people know on 60?
He had 42 years ago. That's the older than this before most of these people were born like Josh quarters
All of Josh quarters knows from Louis Louis right everybody does everybody in the world knows Louis Louis
I can't say if you don't know that song if you're not like into the Kingsman all I can say to you is you fair
Right, I don't think they ever made a college movie that that wasn't in right right air be movie air be
Bar air be place
What is with you people how would you get with it and smell a coffee but then again the grassroots has got five votes
Or goes to show you we're just we are swimming upstream in South Florida. They got you know paste in their tux
That's why like when Vokabrinda some of these brilliant song parodies and that's one of the all-time best
Yeah, it's like farting into a wind storm
It's like screaming into a into a vacuum. It's just for us. I just for our enjoyment. Thanks Vokab. Thanks to Delray Danny
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil
America and Steve Miller
America is a sensational choice and there's not any Miller is not on there either. I do like that too good
Well, thank you sir. Thank you. Welcome back. Steve Miller. We're one of the first
Steve Miller band of the first groups that had
For letter word misson right and we like that funky that funky stuff that was going on in the city remember that right funky stuff
Well, no, they changed it to funky kicks
Yeah, and of course there was not the original word and we certainly aren't gonna even come close to saying in here because
Recent developments, but Steve Miller band and what was the other one? He said America which is tragic America horse with no name
Oh, I bet on that one at Tompato Park last year
Get in quick with this. See these aren't alphabetical. They're on here by the date that's why she passed the boys
God, you have the eyeball
They had so many good songs. How did they not be on this year's golden hair was number one for a week?
Or for the name like he said I need you
Which was my favorite America song I need to do is great lonely people
You can do magic
I can't you venture a highway
Oh
Daisy Jane right in man don't cross the river
And all these things okay great America did a good choice and what were the years on those I guess I should have looked
But it's a
There were no moon glows you see a lot of those old 50s R&B type group like the moon glows and some of the stuff
That's like that's nostalgia. I mean the moon glows quite honestly
I'm gonna tell you right now. You know who wants to hear the moon glows the do-op crowd, you know
Now like here salmon salmon Dave are in Iraq and we'll Hall of Fame now everybody was pulled on on coming
In fact, that's a head cap and plays that a lot on a show in James Brown also, but
Salmon Dave and a rock and roll Hall of Fame is that ridiculous or what?
Ludicrous salmon Dave my ass ludicrous. No, that's not old enough
Seriously salmon Dave is just oh, yeah, I just love ludicrous not
Love those lyrics salmon Dave. There you go. So man. I'm a soul. I hold on. I'm coming and I think you which I don't even remember
I thank you guess words say guess where Sam Moore of seven day was born
No Miami. Yep. All right, and Dave Parker or Prader
Dave Brad that's right. I forget they park at the Cobra play for the Pirates was a co-catic
Dave Prader born a five nine thirty seven and Ocelas Joja
Prader was killed in a car crash on 4988 at the age of 50
The duo was inducted in the rock and roll Hall of Fame in 1992 because of soul man and hold on on the coming
That is just enough to make me cock on man salmon Dave your ass
Do you think they're even close to qualifying for that?
Whatever and they had a couple of good records. That's all but they're like influential
Yeah, we're like memorable. What was the big simmiss with salmon freaking a less right Sam was born in Miami
There you go. So that was his experience find the money
12 minutes after noon at five sixty WQM spring is almost here. Let's see what's it eight today the 16
Five days away the official service spring and I was a great time to get on down to Armstrong for the homestead for some great deals on new O5's
Right now gets your ass behind the wheel of a focus or escape with two thousand dollars cash back from Ford and zero percent financing
How about an exhibition with three thousand dollars cash back and one point nine percent financing?
Check out the O5 Ford or Explorer now at Armstrong for the homestead with twenty five hundred dollars cash back and one point nine percent
Financing and don't forget only when you buy from Armstrong for the homestead will get their exclusive
Tires parts and batteries for live program plus that free Florida Sun pass
Armstrong for the homestead is proud of our service men and women and fewer in the military or if you have a relative in the military
No matter if it's active duty reservist National Guard or Coast Guard you'll get a military appreciation discount on top of all these other things
David Richardson is staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and because they're locally owned and operated
They're not looking for just a one-shot deal. They'll treat you great because they want to make you a lifelong customer
And have you come back year after year?
Armstrong for the homestead three or seven twenty five South-Tixie highway
20 minutes south of the eight thirty six check them on the web at Armstrong cars dot com or give David a victory call at
305 24751 12 be sure when you call Armstrong for the homestead tell them at fat poor eight three dozen crispy cream donuts on Monday
305 24751 12 grab a little and save thousands on a new forwarded Armstrong forward of homestead
Like about 1045 would be good for me. Is that worth you?
I remember four years ago
Didn't win the popular bow no
But now things have changed
Here's the deal
I won't buy a lock
So I'll do what I feel
appointment judges to the bench
You know what maybe go in late the French
I will privatize
Social security
So don't be surprised
Because everyone gave me a mandate
I won't let any gay people marry
Oh boy, this is fun
A mandate
All the damn are cresting that it's scary
But I'm number one with a mandate
You can't do any more stamps our research
We're gonna do it my way
Oh mandate and you'll all have to start going to church every Sunday
You're the heck Laura makes me go you might as well go
Thank you
Sure glad I'm a president not a singer for
You know what you're gonna think that nobody is called and speaking of that particular song and mentioned the unmentionable one
Yeah, no very man alone
The odd
I said it if anybody suggested very man alone I would say you fair right that's not a role
We agree that's not music bad news more shootings again
One man was killed through others were wounded earlier they when government tried to rip off a small-states card game in pop it
Obeach
BS
spokesman who graph said one of those in it was one of the government graph said Booker Bryant 47 and three other men were playing cards inside
2726 Northwest 5th Avenue in fifth street in pop it up each around 1 a.m. When two men armed with handguns burst through the front door and
Demanded the better's can
One of the card players struggled with one of the gunmen disarming him shots rang out
When the smoke cleared Bryant another card player one of the gunmen later identified this courier word 17 were shot
Bryant was treated for minor guns. I've won and released from North Broward Medical Center
But his fellow gambler a 38 year old man whom the BS did not identify was pronounced dead at the facility plant a card game
Courier words isn't custom yet the Brown County jail and faces a murder charge other charges against him are pending
The second suspect is still on loose and likely armed graph said and basically it is asking anybody with information about the shooting call
Crime stoppers at 9.5.4.4.9.3. Tips
Got it got it good
Let's see and I want to what is this all about? Why didn't you send this to me? What what this facts?
Would there just that like one line on it? Yeah, whatever all right?
Great profound
Although I certainly is smokey Robinson to say second that I'm
5 6 7 0 5 6 D 5 6 D on the rise and sing it a right aside
We're looking for the a group of artists that ought to be in the rock and a hole a rock and a hole but isn't
Got to be 25 years since you made your first record not your first hit not your brother at least as good as this person
Why do you keep playing Helen ready? I cuz they just I find him he's ready anybody to place Helen ready record you fairly
Yeah, that's what they're gonna start saying to you. I'd rather hear Bobby Gentry in the old to Billy Joe
Come right up makes me think back at the movie again old to Billy Joe with Robbie Benson
Yeah, I know why who jumped off the telehoundy has a bridge causes. I've got him in that 10th there and they did some
Yeah, Bobby Gentry was pretty good again not qualified for this
I mean she wasn't doesn't have that kind of an impact but she sure was better than Helen ready
But Helen ready belongs on let's go shit a whole bunch of hits why we don't know
Because there were a lot of militant bikes out there. That's just wanted to like you run around
You know making a big sinus. What are gonna put this guy on but I like saying his name
Angle bruh up in him. Yeah, don't say it too often. No, no, this one
WDQ again. Hello
He's already on earth the same jack as the call yesterday
He's already on there. He wanted to make a big deal about that and you know something
He doesn't belong on there. That's the worst part of the whole thing. He doesn't come close to belonging on here
By the way, he's still there for your benefits there
Since we've been here earlier people getting shot up
But it took a long time that music is so low
I
Because I'm playing it off the computer. We don't have a lot of views coming off the city. Oh, I see I have too much juice
We could read the weather before it over this if we answer to go with it that we could have like a chill on lasty juice toast
That all of these things
Anyway, Steve Miller band, but here's one for you. Yeah, one of your favorites
Close personal friend of yours
Who the hell is that he had a solo hit with this song? Who is it?
No, 77
It's what are your favorites? No, it's not I've no idea who that is
Burton Cullings well, that's Burton Cummings
Yes, it is like I said. I know who that is. I know in personal get it off
Frankie Lyman and the teenager is born in Brochney or lead singer Lyman was born in 9 30 42 in New York City
Died of a drug overdose. I thought he got shot
Drug overdose on February of 20th, 68 at the age of 25 other members included Herman Santiago Jimmy Merchant Joe
Negroni who died 9 5 7 8 days of 37 and Sherman Garons died 2 6 77 the age of 36
These guys shouldn't live too long group appeared in movies rock rock rock Mr. Rock and Roll inducted in the Rock and Roll Hall of Famine 1993
One hit why do fools fall on up? It only got to number six
They also had goody goody dad and ad ad a goody goody and everything and I want you to be my girl
Which nobody ever heard of that one. Oh actually there was a bigger than a goody goody
Neither one of them were all that big so they had one hit one hit wonders basically and they're in the rock and roll
Hall of Fam because that because of that guy that's calls all the time. He's the reason right?
Absolutely
I don't like the fact that it looks like man in the middle of the wind not that I want to influence the boy
You understand it's fair and square unless
Unless you get with it
I mean is honestly is there any comparison between Van Halen and Chicago?
But let's ask Josh quarters a young punk like him. Is there any comparison? No, but I mean I hate Van Halen anyway, but no
Ah well see there you go. That's good taste
You see what what the problem is what these people are confusing is not who do you like right way do we put the on warcon there?
Did we because she have any votes? I mean she belongs on her as much as we find her personally objectionable and obnoxious
I agree. I don't see no deon warcon here do you? I think that Josh screwed up with all the respect
I think should be going on right now. Yeah come on get with it now
It's just because you got a bug up your butt about that psychic hotline man. I don't blame it. Hey, look probably he probably called it
There's a there's a super droop that is in on there. Yes
super tramp
Oh my god. How can they not be you have to be kidding me as monumental as they were over super tramp is not on there I just checked
Well, I'm spelling it wrong. I see you pee
Yeah, that's right super isn't Superman super boy
Super salad
Super salad
Yeah, that's that's just goes to sure as none of course then what are the years you know what the year is well that is
He was 77 that's ancient
Huh we're back ready for one two
I'm your favorite movie that's a great ending
We're still in the morning. Yes
Oh
I'm gonna say something radical right now as much as I love Chicago when Chicago deserves to be on there super tramp is better
I know you're not gonna agree with that. What I love super tramp super tramp is so good
I'm gonna have to body and work that Chicago
Oh
In the tree I even bought this CD over again
Oh, well, that's where I go that get that on it right away super tramp and Deon Warwick
We got it. I think she may be doing the vocal on that one ever see her and super tramp together
Same girl now van hairline. I mean yeah, they got a bunch of stuff on here, but you know jump
That jump I like to jump. I mean maybe
Was number one for five weeks you don't understand
Everyone around me at the time was that all playing it into and and wet themselves over van hairline
And I think that's because they like David Lee's growth. I'd agree my teeth and just bear it really yeah
Oh man, they leave me limp
he used from temperatures on five sixty wqa and my any-portload
Good
I
Just
I know my hair looks really good and I got a great bod and all the women really love me.
I got a problem.
Hi, cholesterol.
So that's why I ate this new polonote grand cereal.
Every taste is a little flake of cake just like my partner John.
Except they're bigger and they don't hold back my career.
Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling, rock and roll with a healthy bowl of polonote grand.
Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me.
Oh, try a boy.
Add some milk and sugar and a try some polonote.
Be a brand-eater.
Paul and Oak grand cereal from the makers of guns and raisins.
Oh, have a boy.
Be a brand-eater.
I'm going to tell you, the polonote's going to belong on there.
And my name is Johnny Rivers. How do you like that?
Okay.
Paul and Oak, do you own thick shell?
I've been to the hall of North Bend, but then not.
They destroyed it.
Well, let me tell you this.
Sarah Smiles, she's gone rich girl.
Right, rich girl.
She's a rich girl.
What other style do you ever remember there when they said, bitch in the song, huh?
Just for that alone, they deserve a high bar.
With her my list, which I hated.
That was number one for three weeks.
Rich girl, number one for two weeks.
Private eyes was number one for two weeks.
You make my dreams top five.
I can't go for that.
No can do.
Number one for week.
Man-eater, number one for four weeks that we just got through the parody.
I did it in a minute.
Was family man ever a hit for them?
Yes, number 12.
We got two six times.
No, number six.
12 weeks on the, yeah, big hit.
And let me say this and so.
Adult education.
Out of touch, method of modern love.
Yadda, everything in your heart.
Desires reached the number three.
Level weeks on the chart.
Hall knows big, huge, huge, and certainly no edit James.
No, I'm sorry.
They're just there's some on here that are glaring that don't belong here.
Right.
And then there's some that like John Lee Hooker.
Why is John Lee Hooker in a Hall of Fame?
Right.
Why are these people not?
Right.
These people are here.
John Lee Hooker was blue.
Yeah, and nevertheless he's on there.
Sounds like Elton John.
What is that?
Little River band.
Oh, little River band.
I have no you hits.
I despised them.
But you're right.
They belong on a little River band.
They were huge.
They were big.
They were like influential.
Every five little River band.
I don't like them, but they belong on there.
Absolutely.
Now like the impressions are on here.
I'm not going to the impressions.
But if you were going to pick up the first one.
I'm going to pick between the spinners and the impressions.
Is there any content?
None.
What's the word?
There is no content.
No content that they okay?
Not even close.
It's like secretary winning the bell number by 75,000 likes.
It's not even close.
The impressions were okay.
They were fine.
They were like, uh, they're like, okay.
Like that.
I'm sorry.
They're just something very, very wrong with this.
Look what I did on there.
Look at that on the list.
This one's from 1980.
Just to make sure.
You're fairy.
What's the word about skill college?
He's going in.
Genesis anyway.
How does that possible?
It must be some misunderstanding.
How is that possible that either the group or him individual?
Right.
Because sometimes, as you look through the list, there's like sunny and correct.
All like the Beatles and the individual they have.
Not sunny.
Right.
Or like a son and a garfocalman Paul son and individually.
Because he lost stuff on his own.
But like how can Phil Collins and or Genesis not be on there?
Various incarnations, ground breaking, all these things.
Little, sure, little guy, little, little people.
All of these things.
Wow.
Well, President Bush, the name FCC member Kevin Martin, is the new head of the FCC.
How about that, huh?
Oh, yeah.
That's so help.
That's the 10 more gigantic steps backward.
Thanks a lot, Wolf.
You not see you.
Here we go.
I knew if I looked long enough.
And the next your commas are 8 behind Van Haelen.
Look at that.
Not one of my favorites, but it's the one I could find for hollownotes.
Here's the fact that it says the associations in the Hall of Fame.
Well, first of all, it's the association.
not the associations and they're on a pull, I put them on there because the long comes
Mary and we cherish the memory of the association but the fact that a matter is now it seems
to me that one or more of those kids was born in Hawaii, Hawaiian guys, my wrong, I don't
know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, look it up okay, they're not going to
have any votes, do they have any at all? Take a look.
What happened to them? Now they have no votes, no votes, 639 votes and the poor association
got Zivini Nuda, they got the big, but then again so this little Eva still had and it
is in lighthouse, I don't think you're going to put it as in lighthouse on there but love
does grow where my, whatever, it will get Rosemary go, here's the neck, you're bearing
no mission. Oh the association, sorry, why are we going? I have to play the fight
you read them.
Cherish number one for three weeks in 1966, a long comes Mary top 10, windy number one
for four weeks in 67, windy, never my love number two for two weeks. Anyway sticks
and I don't see them on the list once I have believed in this. That stinks, sticks
is not on there, I love sticks. I know, many, many albums, many, many hits and yeah,
it's sure they have the pop-up blood at the end, but got an STYX, I'm sure that
Jarsson sold us sticks. He was. He knows all about sticks and the stones.
Really? And here's a good one that says, I'm by the way, bad company, did we put that
on their bad company? What about bad finger? I love bad finger. Yeah, what a bad finger.
What? What's wrong with bad finger? I love bad finger. Now they don't belong in here
though. No matter what day after day. Come and get it. There was a baby blue.
That was a fun thing. What your life bad finger with that? No matter what. They sounded
so much like the Beatles, it was scary. And worth a, let me look it up again. Worth a
couple records and a Beatles label? It's possible. Let's see. Apple records. How do
they like that? Nice go on you old told you. Thank you. Told you. What year was that?
Ah. Well, why are you doing this to me? Every time I close it up, I got to open it
up again. The after day was December 1871. That's what Kathy Willett said. Totally.
And screw in. Okay, here's the fact is what about, and then I was looking for this because
Voker cut me a disc. I remember playing this on the year. What does it take to win your
love and shotgun? I don't know where it is. What about Junior Walker and the All Stars?
You know, that is, see, there's another example. So many big fat juicy hits. I think it's
a Rachel thing myself. That pisses me off. Get that on there right away. Junior Walker
and the All Stars. Road runner, shotgun. What does it take to win your gloves? I mean,
I mean, I realize not every group in a world can be on there, but if you're going to have
a rock and roll hall of fame, let's do it right. Let's honor the people. We really made
some great music and we're bringing in influential and everybody loved it. We're not going to
put their records in it. A bunch of big fat juicy smelly hits. Okay. You idiots. You like
Bobby Sherman. Yeah, there he go. Bobby Sherman. You're fair. You're ever Sherman's
hit. Get ready. Hand. Don't you play no Bobby Sherman or otherwise they will be
sent. You're fair. That's him. Bobby Sherman. My ass. Anyway, we got Mohawar David is
going to be broadcasting his 18th NFL season of football this season. We don't know for
home, but he's coming along to two mad dog at four. Then we got UM baseball with the
little message about the sin of gambling. Ha ha. How you know? No one knows more about
bull. Christian. Now you are 10. My father. Your governor for life. Who knows what's best
how he wants to tell one of our lives. Yeah, I've heard smoking a piece by with super cheap
tighter and a tank. He asked me to expose wisdom upon you. I gambling. God is a sin
according to his version of the Bible. Unless of course it's in a sprawling casino that
takes a path of Hollywood. Then it's okay. On behalf of my holy father. This is no
well, but saying. Thank you. Oh, do it. I never noticed how much of the well, bush
sounds like Al Franken. It's 14 to one at five 16 W to QM now. Deon Warwick does
have a devotee. So it would help. I probably won't get any anyhow, but if you spelled
her name even close to correctly. I mean, D E O N, even Deon Sanders don't spell it
out. We're in D on the moot. You know, I don't know anybody. I know there's a nine there.
I just miss D I O N N E. Okay, two ends D I O N N E. I just mentioned I'm going to
do something to do. Right? Right. I'm going to tell you what just breaks my heart. I can
hand a little leave of getting a short shrift. Okay. I'm not happy about it. All I think
she just finally got a vote. Did she? I don't know. Let's see. Little Eva got a vote. Oh,
how do you know you must be my psychic powers, but I'm looking at super tram and they've
got the big. Oh, huh? I just let you a facts about them from Bob, who's a deaf person.
Not King super tram. No, no, he's saying play more super tram. I don't know what I'm talking
about. One that I say I didn't like super tram. George loves super tram. I love super
tram. Deeply. Hey, Bob, you fairy. By the way, from my most memorable heavy petting sessions
worth to the tunes of super tram. Were they really? Yes, they were. I mean, the fact like
the logical song for example, I mean, their songs live on forever. I mean, one of the
best songs in the universe of the universe. Right. I mean, I just don't understand how
anybody could not like them. And they have no votes. I realize a lot of our people have
already voted for somebody else and we're adding on and building the pool, which of course
is horrendous. We hate doing that. But you little river band, do we ever put them on?
I don't know. What we should. We should. Well, they had a lot of hits, man. I, again,
I didn't like them, but I don't know that. Oh, no, here's another one. And I don't like
him at all to be honest with you. Now, let me just look and see if he's in here on here.
Now Kenny Loggins, yeah, we did logins in the scene, but not individually. We did put them
on there. Well, I think we put logins in the scene on there, but Kenny Loggins by himself
certainly. We did put logins in the scene. I'm not sure. Well, I mean, Kenny Loggins by
himself, foot loose was the number one for three weeks. Yeah. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I just have to be talking about whether we liked him. I'm talking about his impact on
the industry. Kenny Loggins with Steve Perry, right? Talk about ugly. I mean, he had some
good stories. That just wasn't one of them. Danger zone. Huh? Whenever I call you friend,
I like that. Logins in the scene, they're claiming to fame was your mama don't dance.
And that's the your mama. That's it. Your mama. That's the end of it. They had two
marginal hits after that thinking of you and my music. But that was it. See, the way
I'm looking at this is what if I were voting, which of course I never would because I have
bad taste number crack, or, or, or, or craggy old man. But the fact of the matter is, if
there was a group or an artist that had like one like, like the Kingsman that had one
hit, but it was just like so dynamic and so influential and just played forever. I mean,
it lived on forever through the angles of recorded music that they would have to qualify.
I agree. Right? No. So in other words, something that had like a 20 marginal crappy hits,
I don't know. Maybe and maybe not. Okay, let me take a look at this nasty facts here. Bob says,
play more super tramp, super tramp all day every day. George doesn't know what he's talking about.
And then George writes on that. What are you talking about? Bob, you dumb deaf.
F, F, F. He's a deaf guy. Oh, deaf lover. No. Let's see. Jury Vanita Springs says,
the pool today is a real eye opener. I followed the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Wow.
That's Jerry and Vanita Springs where you got something to do when you live over there, right?
I write since it's beginning 86. I very much agreed with most of the inductees. I never thought
to consider who had not been inducted. He says, I've fight it appalling and un, un,
consumable that Johnny River, Chicago and the monkeys are not in the Hall of Fame. It's just,
it's mind blowing. I realized that we have more important fish to fry. There are people dying
all over the world and America has gone gun crazy again. I'll catch the crap. And of course,
I got once a more pancakes with the blueberry syrup. Wouldn't you? But nevertheless, huh? Wouldn't you?
No, no. Maybe he ought to eat them on blueberry hill. That would be nice last meal for him.
Well, you're a whole lot of, oh, Harry Chapin. What do you say, Harry Chapin? I don't know.
Okay. I'm no problem with it as you are there. I don't think so. I don't think so.
I don't think so. There are claptons in there. And rightfully so as much as I despise,
there are claptons. I hate oil. Also, it's just a little tired of people saying the
monkeys weren't musicians like Nesmith played coffee, houses on the west coast before the monkeys.
Yeah, why do I keep saying Peter Tork? Michael Nesmith was the musical genius of the group.
Right, I forget. He also wrote different drum for Linda Ronsett, Peter Tork played second guitar for
folk performers at Carnegie Hall part of the monkeys. Just an afterthought, John Stuart wrote
Deidream Believer, was also a former member of the Kingston Trio, which I've put the Kingston Trio
on there. They get any votes, probably not. Probably never. Hang down your head. Tom Dooley,
you idiots. The MTA will ever come back. I'm sorry. Oh, here's another good one now. We don't have
them on there. They're not in there. The Hollies, buddy Hollies in there. Rightfully so, even though,
of course, he lived to about five days, the Hollies. Wow, a million.
You're here, but he just brings you to man, man. Look through any window. Bust up on a carousel.
Carrienne, he had heavy him up, brother. Air that I breathe. Man, you're here. You have got your
thumb right on it. The Hollies get that on there right away. That's H-O-L-L-L-I-E-S. After Spellies
things, because, you know, Josh is a little bit... That's okay. Yeah, I know. He'll spell Hollies.
The Hollies. Is that incredible or what? The Sugar Hill Gang says, Dennis and Miami,
Dennis, you need some help. The Sugar Hill Gang. You're fair. Mania, they belong to other like George
Michael does. Are you crazy? Oh! As in they both do it. You know, you want me to go through the
George Michael thing, and you're just such a hard ass. Yeah, I'm so glad you thought it sticks,
though, because that would have been such a good idea. I ran this. Who am I looking for?
Sugar Hill Gang. Yeah, and how many hits do they have? One. You're playing it. And then get it.
What did that get to? Number 36 on the chart. It was on there in the top 40 for two weeks.
That's a medley of their smash, and he's telling me that they belong on their like Miss Michael's.
See, that sounds to me like it. It's just one of those things. You know, what's wrong with you?
You're fair with me. Right. I put it on there. What? Sugar Hill Gang. No! We're not in here.
Face down what? Face down what? I said they don't belong on there, neither does George Michael.
Why did you put that on there? You lunatic you. A crazy person. You you're fair.
You put the sugar Hill, get that off of there right away if not sooner. Don't look at our
pull for a few minutes. So folks, still Josh gets that off. I'm so embarrassed.
They're sugar Hill Gang. You're ass. You're mama. By the way, I'm noticing. Let me say it again.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten number one hits for Miss Michael.
And again, let me say it again. I despise her like poison, but it's not even a contest.
Although let me say this to you, his first hit was 84. What about with her?
With his boyfriend. I just got a shutter. The awareness. Oh no, I see that was 84.
So he hasn't been around a long enough. So he doesn't belong on there for a lot of reasons.
No, no, and then not for that reason when you got a guy that had 10 number one hits,
whether you hate him like poison or not, he's got to be an arachimal hall of fame. You simple
to new in addition to which like wake me up before you go go with when but all horrible. That was
number one for three weeks. Carolus whisper number one for three weeks. I want your sex with number two.
Faith number one for four weeks. Father figure number one for two weeks. One more try number one for three
weeks. Monkey number one for two weeks. Praying for time number one. Don't let the sun go down.
I mean George Michael Elton John, don't let your son. Yeah, never do. Here's an individual and a
band that is not on here alone. Yes, anyone who had a million hits and was certainly rocking roll
and influential on all these things that is not on there. Yeah, puppet Alice Cooper that beyond
there. Transcending inspiring people like Marilyn Ned, nice and dark up entire act. Right,
the entire concept. Alice Cooper is not in there. I don't see it unless you do. Maybe he's
under now. No, not under anything, not even under the poop. Great. Okay, did we decide about Harry
Chafen? Are we putting him on the list? I put him on. Okay, well, if you're going to put the sugar
loafers on there, what a lunatic. I really didn't just. You want to go that? Oh,
how is this possible? And we talk about these people. Carol, I'm glad Carol is to with us. She's
upset with me about the who's it? About Leo, which you made an exception today. I will never talk
about Leo again until next time, Carol. I'm sorry. I just I can't stand him. He makes my inside
twitch. He makes my stomach just I gives me spilkeys. Okay, Carol. But anyway, she's got a very
good one. I cannot believe. Can't believe that they're not on their bread. Oh my god. The rocket
roll hollow fame. My ass. How do you like that? Bread. Let's see. Make it with you. It was number
one. Baby, I'm going to want you. It was number three. If it was number four, the diary was number
15. Everything I own was number five lost without your love. Aubrey, sweet, surrender, the guitar man,
mother freedom, let your love go. It don't matter to me, etc. Bread, colossal, sensational,
great voice David Gids. I'll leave. But great voice, big, big, huge gigantic. Okay, bread is
we got a couple more Eric Verdun. Not well. The animals are in here, right? The animals are on
he's just not in their individual. But the animals are rare earth. Rare earth is not on there.
It is it? What do you say? It ought to be. I agree. So let's get rare earth on there and
Harry Chapinieri put on there and don't forget the sugar loafers too. You're very serious.
From 56 to 560 Q.A.N. You are a singe and meal Roger. And the school is a star of 560-60 Q.A.
To Tuwa. Hi, V.
Hi M.
And he Maid.
Let's sing.
Teacher.
Yeah, what about kiss somebody says how's that possible right and Abba Abba you say Abba I say Abba or is it like I like Abba a lot but what but what they're not rock and roll
Pop pop slice rock pop big I pop I have a put it on there. They're no sugar
There's no sugar loaf gang. I have both volumes of their greatest hits. Well, there you go. I'm
Oh, let's see now put Donnie Ives on the pool. I think it's Donnie Iris is what they're
Iris I don't I think he only had one hit with all due respect and I like it a lot but I don't think he belongs on there the rapper who?
He says he did the rapper
Rap rap rap. This is Donnie Iris's only hit
He had three hits you wrong. Oh, sorry and not one of them was the rapper they call him the rapper
He had two other hits besides Alia. Oh, I see Alia and love is like a rock and my girl in addition
Which none of them made the top?
2937 25 they were all like marginal at best. I mean the idea that we would put Donnie Iris on here is just put anyway
Thanks anyway for the suggestion but the answer is absolutely not
Carly Simon
Simon is not in the James Taylor was in there but her ass husband is not that is outrageous that is absolutely
Acceptable. I'm just checking. I don't know if she is or not. I don't see I don't see her on there
I've got these all pretty much memorized by this point Paul Simon's in there and rightfully so I don't see no Carly Simon
Nope, I don't see it like no simple Simon. She's a little okay
Bonnie rate is in there Bonnie rate. Does that make you want a barf? Yeah, it does she makes me want a barf
All the time now now Donnie Mitchell is in there and I'll be honest with you back in the day in her time
I mean, you know, Donnie Mitchell was like
Huh do we do about jazz she's a jazz singer?
No, not just that but I mean she was like fairly
influential for about five minutes, you know, okay?
But I you know big yellow taxis about the only thing that I really remember the only thing that was even a marginal hit
But help me which I remember though I had to play that yes, I do I do remember you turn me on on a radio
Freeman in Paris got got to let's go on Janet featuring Q tip and Joni Mitchell
Oh Janet featuring Q tip and while we really hit her now
She's pretty much an old
Samples big yellow taxi by Joni Mitchell from the album develop it rope
Thank you Ed and Fort Lauderdale who wanted us to check and see if Flood sweat and tears is in there. Oh no
Flood sweat and tears are not in there. How can I? Oh my god people suck
Oh the rock and roll the hall of fame. I think we need like a little a small fire there
You know not a big one just like a little brush for outside like alert these people awake their ass up
Blood sweat and tears is not in the rock and roll hall of fame
You've got to be shmitting me
They're not look at that you made me so very happy spinning wheel and what I
David Clayton Thomas at one point when they were big back in the day
There were many people who said David Clayton Thomas has got the greatest singing voice in the world
I don't go along with that. I think that's a pile right, but it was never less. He was very good. He was great at a great voice
And they were humongous huge they were huge
They were bigger than life itself blood sweat and tears and they are not in the rock and roll hall of fame
And we are really peeled about it. I wish I could find a song with this that fire off to spinning wheel
You must have spinning wheel I must but once again, they're not alphabetical. You want the year? Yeah
Ah
Well, I see the the bread thing that's the earth we're disgusting. That's just
Super loaf and yeah good
69 okay, can I say 60 or a little longer?
I can't say 69 all right. That's sufficiently ambiguous 16. Nine close enough. I'll find it now
Let's see I'm looking on this thing again
I want to see some of these people that are beginning to hoes from the audience. I want to see about
Super tramp if super tramp isn't getting some votes now
I'm just you've lost it you've just lost me man. You've left me limp. Yeah Bob's gonna be upset
Oh, there you go. There's David Clayton Thomas and the blood sweat and tears you made me so very angry
Well it gets going it starts out slow. Todd Rodriguez got it from here. Who am I looking for?
When I
See who am I looking for here the grass roots still got only six you idiots you you clowns
You silly people you tone deaf crowd
That is disgusting
George Sirgood's got to that's bad to whom I looking for little leave a fine to go to pair
Even Bobby by does got to what is that thing about this cross?
I'm looking for super tramp or they got some votes. Night are we embarrassing people are they just vanish off the pool?
We're out there only got six votes already they went from old to sick
That's correct for super tramp. What do you say? Huh? We're back ready for round you
See I don't have to get off because it'll make people go out and see Magnolia
Rent it by it steal it and it's one of the great movies of all time and spy what you're sick
I think George just has this bias against frogs is what it is
But you
Can
I can keep it out of here so it's like a question without a nose.
Oh!
I'm gonna try to come on another.
And I might be moving on.
The eye was even white to say.
It's an unjust view today.
Woohoo!
But I have to have to use my own way to find it.
To keep the inside of me.
Don't let me see where that ain't good.
Like I say that I can change my mind.
I don't know what's in the way of this.
It's a time I think I'm not being mean.
And now I'm going to shine in you.
You're a black man.
I'm telling you I'm behind you.
I told you I was really good.
And the best part of this thing is before they start doing a whistling,
it goes on forever.
You know that?
Good.
So, do we look for a gate for the second time around?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't but I'm taking away a man.
You don't think I can do anything.
He's my hero.
I love John.
He to me.
What are you going to do, too?
Just a little clip.
I gotta segue.
Let me look in here.
I mean, there was some rain.
Huh?
What goes up?
I thought we just heard that.
They heard the words.
Oh, they heard it when I was spinning.
That's spinning the QM Veele.
Johnny River is Memphis, Mabeleen.
I mean, granted, Chuck Berry wrote it into the original,
but Mabeleen, Mount and the Love, Midnight Special,
the Seven Sun.
Oh, I love that.
Don't you love the Seven Sun?
That's son of a gun.
Great, sorry, it was coffee.
We're all the flowers gone.
Do we respect the Kingston trio?
Under your spell again, secret agent man.
Like I just got through a symphony moments ago.
I washed my hands in muddy water.
I remember muddy water.
Porsche out of town.
That was number one hit by the way.
Number one, Porsche out of town.
Baby, I need your love and with all respect to the four tops.
Cover, he did a big hit.
Tracks of my tears.
With all due respect to the, he did a lot of covers, you know?
Summer rain.
I love summer rain.
Rock and ammonia in the book, you where you flew.
Are you playing the art season's sugar sugar?
That's what I sounded like.
You idiot.
You clown.
You mean you.
I don't want any response.
I don't want to be associated with that.
That's George Rodriguez.
You fair.
Right.
Blueswage shoes.
Help me, Rhonda.
I cut the backing of Georgia Rivers record.
Everybody else's music.
Now that I look at that, swing to the music slow dancing.
Yeah, and of course help me, Rhonda.
Brian Wilson did the background vocals on that with Johnny Rivers.
Do you know that?
I do know.
What do you do now?
See what you're learning today?
You're learning stuff, baby.
You're learning important stuff.
You're probably on the way and you're the recesses of your brain folks.
Very, muy importante as opposed to this hip hop swill that you're listening to today.
Because it's got a bunch of four letter words and it's a bunch of angry rappers that are shooting each other.
The West Coast rappers.
An East Coast.
It's got a bunch of crap.
You're fair.
Right.
I don't see any people around.
Maybe you don't see people around.
Purple?
Oh, I see.
Okay.
The purple doesn't belong around here.
I got news where I love the purple.
The purple doesn't belong.
No, that's good.
There's not on there.
There's not on there?
You're fair.
What's wrong with you?
Of course they belong on their deeper.
I mean, they're no buffalo springfield.
And let me say it again.
Solomon Burke.
I don't even know who that is.
Solomon Burke.
You?
Never heard of it.
In the Hall of Fame.
Hall of Fame.
What about Pete Rose?
What do you say?
As a performer.
Solomon Burke in the performing category.
Yes.
What does your Solomon Burke?
R&B singer from Philadelphia.
Can you ever have a top 20 hit?
You had a bunch of marginalists.
You just reach out.
What?
If you need me.
Goodbye, baby.
What?
You got to get you off my mind tonight.
I don't want to give you what you're.
Because then you'll play it.
I don't want to hear Solomon Burke.
I'll give you another good one if it belongs in there.
I'm sure it's not.
And I'm going to be.
And you won't even know who this is.
You might.
Oh, you talk about making one record that was like huge, giant, bigger than the planet, bigger than the universe.
More silver.
No.
More silver.
Right.
Let me just look him up.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
There's always two good one.
Louis B.
I love these games.
No.
Here he is.
It would go.
You'd never would know.
I'll give you a.
Born 10, 10, 14 in Kirbyville, Texas.
Come on.
That of cancer with age 60, 11, 8, 74.
R&B singer, songwriter, and pianist.
Look this one up.
December 1, 56.
I don't got 56.
It was his.
Oh, come on.
I got 60 plus.
What about Brian Highland, then?
It's he bits of teeny, weeny arrow, pumpkin, alpacini.
You can't get any bigger than that.
I read your holler.
And since I met you, baby.
No, get out of here.
What are the odds?
How, where did you get this from?
At my tinkered kids.
You realize that I was looking at it while you were reading it off?
Well, Brian Highland, stop that.
Kill that.
Oh, I'm pretty good record.
See over the kiss.
Remember that?
I thought that was in Gifty Woman.
See over the kiss was, was it?
Yes.
It was number three.
I thought he was number three.
I thought he was number three.
Guess who, we're getting it out of here.
Bobby Vinton, man.
The Polish French school.
Right.
See over the kiss.
I'm telling you.
He also did that.
The big hit was by Brian Highland, OK?
And Gifty Woman, produced by Dell.
Shannon.
Well, I'm learning so much here today.
It's disgusting.
I'm going to start taking notes.
12 minutes after 1 at 5.60.
You're fair.
WQAM.
Let me tell you if your hair is falling out, guys.
There's something you can do about it.
Well, there are many things you can do because now everybody in their brother is peddling you.
Some kind of a grow back your hair remedy.
You're some kind of a mouse you look in peace or grill in the holes in your head.
The only smart way to go is Charles Alfie or his natural hair line system.
For over 30 years now.
From first time.
It's been helping guys look their best with that natural hair line system.
It looks like the real thing.
Like the hairs were growing right out of your scalp.
As opposed to you know what?
As opposed to a bit of straw, a barnyard animal.
All those other grotesque things that seemed like they fell out of the sky right on your head.
And you have nothing to lose but your ugly ballspot because here's the way Charles Alfie or his deal works.
He tries his system for 30 days.
Not 30, man.
About a month and after a month.
If you're not getting caught at and caught at and tattooed and whatever rhymes with it.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
Return it for a full refund.
Make the call today.
Tell Charlie you heard about here on the Near Rogers Show and give you your special WQAM $200 discount off.
They already low $800 price of the best in the world.
Natural hair line system.
Don't forget, give Charlie a call.
Have a free consultation.
Sit your ass down and show you how much better and younger he can make you guys look.
1-800-321-2413.
That's the number to call.
1-800-321-2413.
Run the Wicked Web.
It's Charles Alfieery.com.
You're on the Near Rogers Show.
560-8M
Stop at 19!
He's really rocking.
He's rocking, chill, and out the background.
And most familiar in there would be the rocking.
So why should anyone care for our status quo?
I mean why not?
We fight a tiny teeth with your pale yellow.
Like a common thief in a go-butt.
We share the loud and free rock, add a stroll.
A rock, add a stroll.
He's the oldest team.
He's a giant partner.
He's a rock, add a stroll.
He's a worthy model.
He's a rock, add a stroll.
He must have to think to check the free internet.
He's a rock, add a stroll.
And that's why he sounds just like every shy.
He's a rock, add a stroll.
He may be dying because he will never leave.
And on his own, fight the freezer and meet.
And then provide him just for New Year's Eve.
He's a rock, add a stroll.
He's a rock, add a stroll.
He must have to think to check the free internet.
He must have to think to check the free internet.
He must have to think to check the free internet.
You know, we fight just cause that truth.
But the fear of the stars, like you have,
or we have a chance to meet.
Or we have a lot of other problems.
Now we fight and we go to add a stroll.
Okay, one idea.
Let's see a long facts here from Jim and Pepper Pines about Rushville.
Rushville, Rushville, they're rushing up the list.
They're number third place in Arizona.
But then he also says that she thinks Kansas ought to be in there
for their musical talent.
Kansas is on our pool, right?
They got six votes.
Right away, please get Frank Zapp on a pool.
Can't do it because they're already in the right.
He's already in the rock and we'll hall of fame.
Yes.
Also, what says David Bowie?
Now, how come David Bowie's not on here?
He should be in the hall of fame.
I think he's not.
Oh, yes he is.
He's in there.
So please get them in there.
Sorry, Jim, but two for two.
You...
Is Donovan in the hall of fame?
Yes, you're hope not.
Not Donovan.
Are we going to nominate Donovan?
No.
No.
Boy, just because it's St. Pettis, they don't get too carried away.
Please.
Okay.
Donovan.
I thought you liked Donovan.
Well, based on what?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah, because...
You're fairy.
You're lunatic.
Oh no!
I'm a shadow.
Get quit.
They were quit with a crack.
I'm going to have the leprechaun come in this to your condoms.
Look at this group of people who are not on the rock and roll hall of fame.
This is a crime.
You're right.
The death row for lesser crime.
The moody, freaking blues are not on the rock and roll hall of fame.
I say we tear down the rock and roll.
Oh my god.
I say brick by brick.
We need to put that thing in.
We'll put it in like a better place as opposed to like Cleveland.
Let's put it in Buffalo.
Well, Buffalo ain't my spedernet.
I mean, the else but Cleveland.
Let's put it in the Skeletity.
What do you say?
Let's put it in the Rondakoye, the rock and roll hall of fame.
Let's put it in Scarborough.
The moody blues.
You got that, Josh?
We got it.
A disgrace.
A cancer on the music industry, the rock and roll hall of fame.
Stepping Wolf is not in the rock and roll hall of fame.
You ready for that?
I'm just no.
Or John Cougar-Mellon camp.
He might be too new, although I know.
No, I think no.
No, thanks.
Let me take a look at John Cougar-Mellon Balls.
As Jeff Gonson used to call him.
John Booger.
On that horrible, horrible show.
Gons is grill.
Remember that on Zeta?
Gons is grill.
Tell them Jeff Gonson's.
There have been a worse part of Swild and Gons is grill.
Let's see, who am I looking for?
Climb like Fatter better being there.
He is.
I'd be really upset if Climb like Fatter win in there.
See, all the people from that era most of them didn't get overlooked.
Let's see, John Mellon camp.
Here's the John Cougar-Mellon camp.
First hit, 79.
He's in it.
Loon light feels right?
No.
Needle, I need a lover.
Oh, okay, that's right.
This time, ain't even done with the night.
Purt so good was 82.
Jack and Diane.
That was, Jack and that was never one for four weeks.
Well, look at the, look at the list of stuff, man.
Lonely old night, small town, rock in the USA.
Rain on the scarecrow, rumble seat, paper and fire.
Cherry bomb, check it out, pop singer.
Get a leg up.
Get a leg down.
Again, tonight, Wild Night.
Wild Night was big.
And that's fun.
And Key West Intermezzo.
Okay.
John Cougar-Mellon camp, you got him?
You got him.
Good.
Moody blues and stepping wolf.
I mean, seriously, this is really a disaster.
I understand they can put everybody in the world on there, although quite frankly, is there
like a limit on it?
No, they got a lot of swill on here.
They could make room for some of these good people.
Okay, now let's see, what about yes or van Hale?
Van Hale is number one in our pool and yes is also wonderful.
What about, now let me, they've got to be on here.
They're on there, pink floors on there.
Pink floors in a hollow frame.
I bet your craftwork never gets in.
I bet you're right.
Yeah, they'll never get in.
Sure they never had any hits, but the influence all sorts of people says, Keith and Bokeh,
you're right.
Craftwork, which we like a lot, so I'm gonna put it on our pool.
What?
Much sample, much ripped off.
Craftwork.
You fair.
Van Hale continues hanging on tenaciously.
Maybe they will not let go.
They won't let go.
So what group or artist should be in Iraq or a whole family is not.
And then again, if their first recording was released 25 years ago or more, they'll click qualify.
Van Hale in 102 Chicago 91.
If Terry can't just win a place bigger, it's maybe on top.
Damn it, Terry, I told him not to do it.
Rush 63, they're rushing up the list.
They love rush.
That's cause they're from Toronto, away.
Three dog, nine 50, but then again, so it's Celine Dion.
Nice you didn't for her.
Where the hell is she from?
Well, let me, let me find out.
I know she's Canadian, but let's just pray she's not from anywhere on here.
So she's from one of the froggy.
From Quebec, I only can pray.
Let's see, she was born in the Charlemagne, Quebec, Canada.
All right, a frog.
There you go. Figures, it figures.
Think of puked her, huh?
Can she sing?
No.
Is she looked good?
Do we hit her like poison?
Yes.
We put even here they despise her, by the way.
I should point that out to you real quickly.
Good. Don't be confused if the Canadian people are Buffalo Springfield in by her.
Three dog, nine 50, Leonard Skinnered 45.
I like Leonard Skinnered a lot, but less only because, like when I went,
used to go to the hockey games in Tampa, every sporting event in Tampa, it's like,
it is like what Gary Glitter is to sporting events everywhere else,
is Leonard Skinnered in the deep stop.
You gotta know where you are, boy.
Oh, man.
Leonard Skinnered is our playing home, man.
Oh, man, man, man, they're all in red next to the all in Schmidt Kickers,
man, they're just having a field day.
Yes.
Who 41?
Jim Croci 36, highly underrated a great, great, great town.
60 top of the matter.
Cars 27.
Yes, 25.
ELO has only got 15.
What's wrong with these people?
Are they communist or what?
Huh?
This totally isn't it?
Steve Winwood 14, the village people 13, the spinners 13, only 13 for the spinners,
Del Vikings 13, blindy 12, sunny and sheer 12.
Johnny Rivers 11, the Mucky's 10, Dave Clark 5's got 10.
Remember the 5 in time?
No.
You don't?
No.
Well, worths?
Nice news 5 in time?
I agree with you, well, worths.
Linda Ron's dead 9, Grand Funk Railroad 9, George Michael, she's got 8.
Jan and D-8.
Super trampling only 7.
Only 7 for Super tram.
Oh my god, I'm gonna fall into Florida, it's so hard to my cookies fall out.
Boston's 7, run at 7, Steve Winwood was about 6, Kansas's 6,
Jane Americans is about only 6.
J and the Americans only 6.
Oh my god.
I bet you Mitch Wien is having a nervous breakdown over that.
Or maybe it's Muff who's having a nervous breakdown.
Hey Muff.
You fairly.
The Venture 6, Croco Herum 6, Rast roots of only got 6 votes.
Dwight there, I haven't done this, you know?
Do what?
Let me give you the ones that I got none.
War's got 4, 4 for War.
Right, the War of the audience.
Herod of Wads, they don't have any votes yet.
Okay.
The music you're playing is so low, it's like...
Well, it sounds like...
I can talk over it, I don't want to drown you out.
Oh, never did it, but it's so low I can't hear it.
Oh, rubber band band by the spinners.
Yeah.
John Cougar, Melon Camp, Steppenwolf, Deep Purple, Carly Simon, Rare Earth,
The Hollies, oh geez, Harry Chapin, Kenny Loggins, John Walker,
with Johnny Walker, and he all started, Junior Walker,
Halle, Johnny Walker, Halle Notes, Paul Rivera Raiders,
Helen Ready and Edison Lighthouse, all have gone none.
Yeah, almost just under 800 votes.
Well, what's there to say? Is there anything I can say?
No.
We are where we are, man.
We are just...
We are where we are.
So I can tell you.
Even Josh Cordes has hangs this head in shame and disgrace.
Don't you?
I like that.
He made this head all the time.
Do you know how to say it?
Do you feel it?
Do you know how to say it?
Do you know how to say it?
Do you know how to say it?
Do you feel it?
Do you feel it?
I think sometimes I'm going to watch Glenn Gury-Dunerawson again.
I've seen it a thousand times, I've been doing it a couple of days ago.
You fare it.
It's just so good, you know.
And by the way, I'm going to buy it so that it'll last.
Don't a lunch, George.
Don't a lunch.
Josh never said that.
No, you don't a lunch.
No, you won't watch it.
No, he's never seen it.
He won't watch it.
Why is he?
Get the chop!
Hey, Chris!
Get the chop!
Get the chop!
We can't play the rest of that.
No!
You'll understand why.
Love that, Jack Lemonman.
It's 27 after 1 at 560 WQA and me after all these years that I've been
raving and screaming about dialamypros and using them in my homes.
Some of you people still think it's a little strange to buy a bed over the phone,
or the phone call.
Guess what?
It's a smart way.
When you call 1-800-Matrus the number for dialamypros, you'll find out they've got the most
liberal exchange policy.
So there is positively no risk.
Did you know that 1-800-Matrus has got more repeat customers than anybody else in the universe?
And once you try, you'll understand why.
You'll never go back to a department store or show them again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-arounds, no show-arm shenanigans, just factory-direct
prices on the best goods, the best brands you know trust and love.
When you call 1-800-Matrus, you'll be calling the company rack number one at
customer satisfaction.
All the names in Matrus is that you've ever heard and rave about.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Coil, Tempropidic, Sterns and Banana Sposter, they've got them all.
And now dialamypros offers no payments or interest till 2006.
How can you beat that?
Call dialamypros today and get all the details 1-800-Matrus.
And you'll find out why I've been using them for years and years, even Moe and Jorge and Miguel and
Fatboy, all the smart folks at QA and some more are too bright.
Call 1-800-Matrus right now or log on to their website,
macpris.com for a great night's sleep for years to come 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You will listen to Neil Rogers, who gets a glimpse of Twitter on 5-60-50 at QA and...
Truth, a whole truth and nothing about the truth.
I do! Hey, good to see you, Ruffie, say hi to Judge Welfare for you.
Hey folks, it's great to be here at the Santa Maria Courthouse.
Hello, Jrgen. Hey, I've got good news and bad news.
You have a good news is you don't have to go to work today.
Of course, the bad news is your Michael Jackson spears.
No, I feel for Michael Jackson. I really do.
I wouldn't want my future in the hands of 12 people who aren't even smart enough to get out of jury duty for you.
Hey, look over there. It's Michael's attorney, Thomas Mezzarol Jr.
Hey, by the way, Thomas, Edgar Winner called.
Yeah, he wants his hair back.
I know. He's got a tough job.
I mean, it's got to be tough to defend Michael Jackson, right?
I mean, seeing that sound, the only person that thinks he's innocent is Haroldo.
Hey, stick around. We got a great child coming up and asked for the break.
But he went out to dancing egos.
Oh, wait. Oh, wrong trial of the century.
I'll be back up.
I got a great idea.
I'll work here for Josh or Eric, but certainly Josh should probably handle it.
What we ought to do is put up the list of the people who did get in rock and roll, hall of fame members.
Okay. That shouldn't be too difficult. All right.
No, I'll scan it.
I'll scan it.
Facts at the Eric right now.
Like I said, I'm right.
Well, it's going to have to be put together a little bit better.
Well, the one you sent me is like taped together.
Right. I'm going to give you a name right now that you are going to absolutely
slide off the edge of the chair onto the floor.
You are not going to believe this.
Oh, wait. Let me put my pants back on.
Please. All right. Trust me when I tell you.
Now, when you think of this person, you immediately think you're fairy.
Although he is married with a whole bunch of children.
Maybe some clues. Okay.
Well, you know who it is by now. I know it gets close.
Born March 13, 1939 and Brooklyn, the York Pops singer songwriter,
pianist, prolific songwriting partnership with Howard Greenfield.
Paul Anker. No.
Well, wait a minute. As a matter of fact, is Paul Anker in?
No. Well, there you go.
Is there a record bigger than Diana?
I mean, that's bigger than life itself.
Right. He had a million hits.
Diana. Paul Anker, the man with the canker.
Canadian boy, too, by the way, by the way, the Middle East somewhere.
Where the hell was he? He or from.
Take a puke at it.
I don't know.
That's the only thing that I can't go.
Born Ottawa. He wrote she's a lady for Tom Jones.
He wrote the lyrics to my way for Sonatra.
Also, the theme for Adley tonight show.
Ready for that?
Okay. I give up.
Diana, you are my destiny.
Oh, you're not in my poll.
Paul Anker. Bigger than life itself.
Not in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Oh, Sham, but wait to do this one.
Okay. Getting back to getting back to.
You're fair.
More hits. I like to guess.
Sure. We did names of some of the hits.
Okay. The diary.
O Carol.
Calendar girl.
He'll tap you.
Happy birthday, sweet 16.
He'll tap you.
There you go.
Breaking up is hard to do.
Number one for two weeks left.
There was number one bad blood.
Number one three weeks back.
I'm poke by old and johnna breaking up is hard to do.
We released again.
By the way, I liked a lot of his songs, but how could he not be gay?
Through fairy.
Hey, I saw him again recently on something.
He's probably the most effeminate human being ever seen.
He's got a wife and a whole bunch of kids.
He's just one of those effeminate guys.
That's all.
Not all effeminate guys are all in his case.
I mean, he likes to spread around.
I saw an interview with him and he's got a great sense of humor.
But boy, the arm flapping arm.
Exactly.
That's a neal.
Sitaka.
Too fairy.
Right.
Anyway, aren't you just amazed?
I shocked the dismay.
Because all of the people from that 50s era like Elvis, of course, in Fats Domino and Billahaylee.
All of these people were in a body of Holly.
None of those people could possibly be overlooked.
It would have been just disgraceful.
Correct.
And now, Neil Seddaca, who not only saying but wrote some of the biggest hits in,
Neil Seddaca gets looked over.
Oh my god.
Hey, Neil.
You're fairy.
Seddaca.
Right.
Let's see.
Jo and four Lauderdale says, please, and by the way, the six persons are not going to be in there because they didn't have any hits.
They were an influence big, right?
Especially on gunplay.
Maybe seven days.
100 years.
Right.
Jo says, cheap trick.
These bands are still out there playing over 100 shows a year, cheap trick and blue oyster cold.
What do you say?
I have to check the date on cheap trick.
It might be right around 80.
Think?
It's going to be close.
I mean, 78, I don't know.
Blue oyster cold, certainly.
Okay.
Get him on there right away.
The chiffons.
I'm not going to argue for that because you're going to say no.
I just don't know.
I was going to say whatever either way.
Oh, wait a minute.
Get me the votes.
Oh my god.
Who am I looking for?
Cheap trick.
79.
They qualify.
Cheap trick.
I got one now that makes Neil Sedeca, Chicago foreigner, all the others pale into insignificance.
You are going to sit down on the floor, put your head in your hands and cry for 100 hours.
He was mentioned on the show today one time in passing one of his songs.
A man who is so related to rock and roll and he's not in there.
So I mean, just I can't believe it.
I'll wait.
Let me give you the run down.
Let me look again to make sure he's not in here.
He's got to be on here.
Double check.
It's not on here.
Let me look on his page.
Let me look on that page.
Let me look on the patty page everywhere.
He's not on here.
Okay.
Born Ernest Evans on October 3rd, 1941, and Andrew South Carolina, raised in Philadelphia,
did impersonations of famous singers.
First recorded for Parkway in 1959, Dick Clark's then wife Bobby suggested that Evans change his name to Bobby Derrick.
Chubby Checker.
Oh no.
How could Chubby Check not be a Bobby Derrick in Zinnett?
Chubby Checker do does resemble us to a teenage fat stomino.
Cover version of Hank Baller's The Twist started worldwide dance craze on 41264,
Emerald Miss World 62, Dutch born, Katharina Lauders, Lanny Low, written for her.
And the movies don't knock the twist and twist around the clock.
I mean, Chubby Checker not being in the music rock and roll hall of fame would be like Babe Ruth not being in the baseball hall of fame.
Here we go.
How many times did they release this?
A million.
Right.
I don't want to step on it.
I want to step on it.
Number one in 1960.
Again, in 61, if we release it over here later, it's number one for two more weeks.
No, don't forget the story about it yesterday.
The limbo run.
Top eyes.
Let's twist again.
The fly.
Tony time.
It was number one for three weeks.
What point can we tell down here?
The story?
What was it?
Who was it?
Hank Baller's It's The Original.
We decided.
It was Dick Clark who said that Hank Baller was just way too dark.
Oh.
And one of somebody that was a little more right.
That's your opinion.
And going for Colin.
I think Michael Moore was right about Dick Clark.
No wonder he had that sound in the script.
No wonder he's going.
Oh, Frankie Abel.
Like that.
That's why they gave Pat Boone all those songs to record.
Right now, that's true.
That's absolutely true because Pat Boone, he's saying like some of the supposed soul songs,
but he was white.
So he's always okay like 2D fruity, for example.
Right.
And they were marketing Pat Boone's 2D fruity to the white folks who wouldn't buy a little Richard 2D fruity.
Because the Richard was a little too fruity.
You're fairing.
Right.
But rock and roll and drugs, man.
I'm gay.
Just remember that.
Chubby checker.
Have you got that down?
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, what are these people thinking about?
In every possible way in terms of the inner way.
I mean, granted, he didn't write the song.
He ripped it off from Hank Bauer.
But nevertheless, he's the one who popularized the whole thing.
They even made a documentary about the twist.
They showed down on somebody's corn ball like the drive-in movie channel I got.
Right.
Just unbelievable.
So you leave it to our show to uncover the scandal of the century, man.
Unacceptable crap.
And of course, the figures they put in the stick it and cleave it.
You know, let's make sure we eat you, Roger.
Yes, we'll make sure we eat you.
On 5.60, you A.M.
Roger's got it.
Hello, Jenny.
I just lost 15 pounds.
Just 75 to go.
Just the reality.
I can always make a call I need.
Better put that balance in me down.
And it went from a teeny and preside out.
A curse thing, yeah, like baby.
When am I getting my dessert?
Doing jelly crake, cause you'll be in a row.
I like to consider myself pleasering and calm.
You're still pretty in your late writing shirt.
Hey, how's your damn sexy and your triple ex-braco skirt?
Actually, not it looks good.
It's a torn, teary, sexy evening.
Oh, she wants to do it as half a hit, see me show.
Girl, cause they know, she'll be better than that.
In all that rock we've done, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let you think and shine, angel out through the snow.
Girl, cause they know, you're my case.
Girl, we're in trouble, yeah, we don't care how much you roll.
Girl, cause they know, you're damn, then you're making a step, so.
Racco.
You're still pretty girl, and you got that all over sexy clothes.
Oh yeah, she really glows.
It's 147-5, since the end of dark.
It's the group of purple outfit.
Anyway, judge form, we got some of the news today.
The judge formally sent Scott Peterson to death.
All right, let's hear it.
Slime ball.
Anyway, now see if I would have read this story from very Jackass on the earlier,
we wouldn't have had to ask the question, but at least it created a little bit of suspense.
The Dolphins entered a new broadcast area yesterday, moving their games from WQM to sports talk 790,
the ticket for release the next two seasons and preparing for a few to that won't include WQM's,
Howard David and Jim Mandage.
You can assume there will be new announcers said, you'll barely see a Dolphins Enterprises.
Sports talk 790 does not want to announce yours who host, who host talk show host shows for QAM.
I came to read this.
Mandage earlier rejected and offered new talk show for 790, which never made an offer to David.
Very Jackass, by the way, doesn't have an disclaimer today that the Harold has a working association
with 790 to ticket, even though it's not a conflict of interest and we don't believe it, Barry.
It's a sad day said, man, which must be paid off the final two years of his Dolphins contract for not working.
All right.
It was 13 years of great enjoyment to Mandage all of a sudden.
David did, who replaced Bill Zimper after the 2001 season, is expected to announce college and NFL games for sports,
USA Radio Network.
I'm disappointed a more fourth-right approach was not taken by everyone involved.
All right, David.
What do you expect, Molly?
I'm going to show him long enough to figure that out.
Although the search for announcers is in the very early stages, the team is believed to have interest next to often.
Then 790 talks show host Joe Rose and Jimmy Sifilis for the Anilis job.
Rose, who works for NBC6 said he couldn't do the job because of time constraints.
Sifilis who works for Channel 10 is interested. He wants it.
He wants it. You know, Jimmy Sifilis?
Not personally, no.
You don't know.
You're fair.
For a play by play, the offends are expected to consider for more Marlon's announcer, Bouge Shamby.
This is a talk show for 790 and several out of market candidates, two of them have regarded NFL announcers.
Recently, we're dropped by their teams, Mark Champion of Detroit and Dolores Sinski of Carolina.
The team in 790 will collaborate on the announcer, Hires Bailey, said also, 790 agreed to carry a one-hour Dolphins programming daily.
The time and host of the show have not been determined. Coach Nick Sabin will do a weekly coaching show on 790 and likely another show on TV2.
That's the same Nick Sabin that told Joe Rose yesterday morning I got a spy report on that.
Oh, you're only supposed to say nice things about us. You're one of us now, Joe. Only say nice things about the Dolphins.
How do you like that, Nick Sabin?
You're fair.
Right. So now they're going to have to like buckle under, you know.
The deal doesn't preclude Sabin or play us from appearing on other radio stations, Bailey, said Dolphins games also be carried on a year yet to be determined FM station.
WNQAM, which had brought here comes the most important part of the whole deal. WNQAM, we knew this, which had been broadcasting Dolphins games since 1997, has said it was losing money on the deal.
And of course that happens to be.
That's the only correction.
Especially last season when it couldn't sell a dollar or a holler on it, because of course when it started out like ON85, it wasn't through promising it.
Nobody, I mean nobody, wanted on board that crack, right? On the sinking ship.
So there you go. There's the answer. I'm always going to be doing everything. I'm sure I'll leave it to him to say the details, sports USA radio network.
And then Hector faxes in here and says, as an old fart, I remember good, good for you Hector. You'll meet both, baby. There's nothing like an old fart, at least worse survivors.
He says, I remember the following group. This is being pretty good. Where earth did we mention where earth?
I don't know if we mentioned them. Are they all here? Yeah, we did. They're not in there.
The Kinks, Kinks are in there. And man, Fred Mann, do what did he?
Now, man, for me, it wouldn't be in there. No, I don't think so. Are they in the hall of fame? Yes, the Kinks are in there too, are not.
Now, here's another fact regarding the monkeys. It says, did you know?
You're right here. You're ready. I hate the library. Anyway, go ahead.
Oh, I hate live versions of anything. There are very few live versions of any song that really are, you know, preferable to the studio recorded one, the original. We agree completely.
Right. Trivia says, oh, we don't do trivia, but I'll do it anyway. When three of the original monkeys tried to regroup and tour in the late 70s and these, the fourth Michael Naisman refused to join the group through these substantial income generated from his mother inventing and selling the rights for liquid paper correction fluid of the 3M company.
I do that. You knew that? Yes, I did. Michael Naisman's mother invented liquid paper. She was a secretary who was tired of making corrections the old fashioned way and invented the solution which went on to become the liquid paper.
Oh, my God. Also, the song sugar sugar was originally offered to the monkeys, but they refused to do it. Good for them. I have more respect for them now. This led to a huge argument that ultimately resulted in the firing of Don Kirschner as the shows music, a musical supervisor.
Nonetheless, sugar sugar became a huge hit in 1969 for Kirschner's later creation, the Archies, which of course was a non group. Kind of like the people that the hero there that sit around and decide what's going to happen in South Florida, the non group.
The whole world is going to be a real dig.
Oh, 560.
Didn't we already take the last break? Sounded like it's a minute. We did? Yeah. We took the last break? Yeah. No, we didn't. Over we did.
The break in 152? What are you talking about, Mr. Naisman? I don't know what I'm telling you. We took the break. What time was this? Am I losing it? Am I hallucinating?
Oh, it's possible we're having so much fun today. Did we skip a break somewhere? Oh, I guess we did. Okay, here we go.
I'm going to do the Christmas song when you're holding on to the hell of a guy.
Oh, he's his land.
Christmas song where he'll be doing the Patriots ride.
Oh, right, right, right, the holy road will be bound. Oh, he'll be going to close the roof. Let him go down.
Oh, right, he's on again. It's where the handle's gone. He's the crown of the rip on your road.
Oh, man, man, man, should I be right there? Let's do it. Oh, man, man, stand up for some doctors.
Oh, he's the baby, you, doctor, I'm too mean to clap any fondle by a carcass.
Eric, you're the reason.
Oh, we're both, we're better than those ones, Eric.
Oh, those chairs are all over the system. I'm glad you saw it.
We're waiting for our snakes to come to take us away.
Our smart and emotional expert, Eric.
Oh, we love the big and big, dynamic plays.
Oh, if the red pigs who want to get there can't wait for the fun of the metal dance.
Oh, race to the Lord to forgive you.
We shall enjoy so closely a point in this game.
Oh, man, down to the revival show.
The starkest will he ever win.
I can't go to the world.
We're going to win this land.
We're going to risk it off.
We're going to go to Hell and you die, ho!
We're going to win this land.
We're going to go to Hell and you die, ho!
We're going to risk it off.
We've been arrested and they're trying to get rid of our pretty blue ones.
No, I'm sorry, just a joke.
Hey, listen, he's certainly got a better shot than some of these people.
Okay, here's what we got 885 votes.
What group of artists should be in a rock and roll Hall of Fame, but aren't.
8th.
Van Hell and 1-14, Chicago 101.
Rock 76, they're rushing up the ladder.
3-0-9-51.
Linnard Skinner 46.
Guess who?
41.
Jim Croci 36.
The car is 29.
Yes, 27.
ELO 16.
Steve Winnwood 14.
And I'll only do the Advelabugins.
It's going to be a reverse 14, monkey 13.
Voodoo's people 13.
The spinners 13.
Bill Vikings 13.
Blondie, a dozen, something in sheer 12.
Super trampol overlander runs that 10-day Clark 5-10.
Bye, bye, bye!
