You know the way to a performance election whether we've been to do it on Neil show
Neil already doing it. Neil gets a great turnout on his polls. Oh there you go. There you go. You got 95 votes?
86 yes, nine no.
That's a pretty good percentage.
Yeah, that's enough for the governor to overturn it. Yeah.
I got news for the governor. He shot himself in the foot when he came down and opened up a big mouth. That was like the inspired a lot of people.
I had no interest. I really pissed everybody off. Yeah. All of a sudden he was the governor of Dayton, Howard for a couple of days. Go back up there to
Tallahassee with your crack addicted daughter there and take care of business. Okay with your dysfunctional family and your smuggling wife.
Some guy called in earlier and said that he got it. He got about 10 phone calls last night at home and it was a recording playing the governor.
And I said, well why don't you go up there around dinner time and you know knock on the governor's mansion and tell him you're there for dinner with his
with your good friend, the governor and well sorry the daughter won't be available for dinner. She's upstairs. She's not hungry anymore.
And oh yeah, the wife is. I heard you get these business where did you smuggle them in from Spain?
Anyway, here's the statistics in America's best in worst cities for crime. Guess what's the third worst city for crime?
Third worst city for crime in America. The FBI statistics begins with an M and ends in an eye.
Oh yeah, couldn't be Miami could it. It's back. I thought we were doing a great job fighting crime according to our governor.
Third worst in their country is Miami and they're talking about crime coming in. It's so idiotic.
You know when people start using the scare tactics, you know what that tells you? Yeah, they're desperate. They have nothing else left.
Well, that's always been the argument that they pull out of the bag when they're when the anti casino step up. It's going to bring in crime. I don't see any crime that would
bind. I don't see any crime at Gulfstream or Pompidopark or a high liar at the dog track. Who the hell knows what these people are doing.
They're going to buy Gulfstream. They're doing their best to kill racing, but other than that, let's try. Yeah.
I won't be there this afternoon. I can tell you that. You will not be a Gulfstream this afternoon. Why is that? Of course.
That's a good reason. Yeah, but I bet you they got some look casting. I'm not sure.
I'm not sure if Pompidopark this afternoon and do some casting. We had almost a record for free spaghetti dinners last night on the Monday night of Pompidopark.
The crowds are starting to come back. I think the anti people what they've done is they've generated so much publicity for the permuchils now that even before the thing passes,
which it will today, a lot of people are starting to come back. They're not going to Gulfstream, but the Gulfstream is a, you know,
a tent city right now. Yeah. I mean, on Saturday, they had a tremendous party at 8400 people there. Yeah. Well, that's not real good for Saturday.
I'm just going to build up a building. We're building. We're going to see the palace that they're going to build with the slots in it. Yeah.
If it will be a police will have people are all over the place. It'll be. And then the same old tired argument that we had 20 years ago,
there's going to be too much traffic. All this other crap is going to be too much traffic. I'm so sick and tired of this.
I like Marigolanti and Hollywood. The same old tired trolls. You know, well, it will be a little tough to get from where just before Gulfstream is to just pass Hollywood grand track.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, my suggestion is go to Pompano Park. It's not near either one of them. Yeah, more ready driving to Palm Beach. Yeah. I might as well stop off at Pompano Park. Of course.
But if Palm Beach has forced cymbal testing, you can't do that at a Pompano until after six at night. Yeah. Well, that's where I think came to your Gulfstream, right? No. Well, I hit this 100 mile rule. So I'm driving to Palm Beach on Sundays.
Which is a nice facility. But I like Pompano. I just spent a couple evenings there with you. Yeah. And one and enjoy. Yes. A few tickets. Yeah. Thanks to you.
You gave me a couple winners. Yeah. Can't knock that. Don't start with a track now, man. They'll be the end of my audience. All right. This is worse than that would be hockey talk. Let's get rimmer on with some hockey talk.
Not hockey. You were saying that, you know, it's bad that there's a small turnout. Actually, it's good. You think it's better that there's a small turnout? Yeah. Because that means that these fundamentalists can't be bothered with this. They just don't aren't motivated. Yeah. Because they're pretty well organized.
Coming out everybody that I'm talking to. They're all the pro people. They're all voting. Yes. Well, all the people who called in today were voting. Yes. Well, there you go. And the last guy that called you there, I heard that last call about the rest of the state.
This all these years, we've been traveling to take control of our own destiny. And even in November, this thing passed. It was really close. It was overwhelming in date, brown and Palm Beach. But we had to overcome the negatives of the rest of the state, all the Bible.
So now we finally got them off our backs and the people in Dayton, Broward, they got their own destiny in their hands. So they got to be foolish. Not to vote. Yes. See, that's if that's why. So one of the reasons I'm strongly behind this is because I'm tired of people telling us what to do. Right. Let's go out and do what we want.
But you've got two states. Everybody knows that you've got South Florida and you got the rest of the state. Not that we don't have a few red next to a bias, but generally speaking, we're like big city slickers compared to the rest of this Yahoo state. So let them, you know, let them rotten hell.
And in addition to what's stopping think about it back in November, here's the rest of the state. They still stand to get a piece of the pie. Okay, for education.
And there's such a bunch of Bible thumping hypocrites that they still vote against it because well, it's gambling and all that other bull crap is if they don't have gambling in Tampa and in Jacksonville and all over the state. Yeah, the governor says it's a moral. Yeah.
No, he's a moral. And so is his lottery man. Talk about a good bet. Oh, that's immoral. Yeah. Amen. Well, I would try not to lose too much today. Yeah, give it a good shot.
They don't go to Gulfstream because it's dead as a door nail there today. Yep. Stop off at Pompa no park. I'm going to do something productive. Maybe sound as old trolls left some of that freestyled in some leftovers last night.
I must. Maybe some of them left their teeth in a glass before they left. Oh, I saw that yesterday. I was talking about this earlier. I was in an oven tour at a place seven lunch yesterday. And there were these. Yeah, exactly. And these two guys are walking around table to table.
Guys running for mayor of Aventura. And he made the mistake of stopping by my table. Why is in the middle of the bad move? Very bad move. Yeah. And I said, if you want to solicit, go outside and solicit. Right. Get away from me. Is it or. But all those bull here's in there. We're eating it up. We're eating it up. And it wants to. So maybe they got a discount.
For lunch. They don't have they don't have early bird lunches. Do they? And it's something to think about. Yeah, because I'm off at 10.
Oh, for enough with a losing and enough with the eating. Okay. That's my suggestion to you. Keep in mind our good friend. Fat rich. Okay. Keep that in mind. I had a sandwich yesterday with no bread. Yeah. Well, that's good. It's a good start. Yep.
Just think of that rich. I just right now just thinking about being well and being productive. Yeah. Think about Greg Reed. That'll make you lose your appetite. Not losing too much.
Just about Greg Reed in this latest trend that just came out. That'll make you lose your appetite for a long time. It worked for me. Good idea. I just want to get on my hands and knees and puke forever. Well, we just, you know, it's like I said yesterday. It's in a horse race.
You know, the gate opens. You open up a 10 length lead. And then all of a sudden there's a quarter mile left to go and say, oh, guess what? You got to go back to the start again. That's what he keeps doing the was. Thanks a lot, Greg. You idiot. You simple to knew. Go out and vote everybody. Have a great day. Hank and don't too much. Yeah. I got you. Eat, lose whatever.
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. You've seen films about the Irish mafia and the Russian mafia. Now meet the Amish mafia in Martin Scorsese's gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
Hezekiah. I now have to find looking milk. Yeah, it would be a shame if something for chance to happen to it. Are these suggesting I pay the protection? Ah, but I think it's a.
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I'm all thumping backwood in the Anderthal redness who make the people in deliverance look like city slickers, okay? Let's face it if you ever traveled around the state of Florida I mean you understand what it's all about from two
egg to Panama city that Halle has you to Pensacola to Jacksonville to Fort Pierce to Viral Beach. Yeah, they're all picking it and we're not just talking about the
manger either. God. So deliver us from the rest of the state here's a chance to say, you know, to do something. And I'm telling you right now because you know I was saying to Hank let's not talk about racing because there aren't that many people who care about it. Unfortunately anymore.
But I'm going to tell you one thing right now what it's going to do for the horse industry. You know, forget about the other ones. But what it's going to do for that just by itself is so dramatic in terms of the quality of racing, which brings a lot more people out and the
person's and everything else and the revenue, forgetting just about the slot part of it, the revenue that the state draws in from that. So when the fat ass governor comes to town and starts bad mouthing about well nobody goes
anymore. Anyhow, he's talking against his own partners. I wonder what Michael Crowley only would have thought about that or Hyman Roth. They would have taken a didn't view of a governor of fat ass governor who talks
about such trash. Okay. We're supposed to be a partnership between the per mutuals in the state where they suck off a certain percentage, siphon it off. And in the meantime, he's out there working against it. So just from that standpoint, it'll be phenomenal. And of course the money for education and the thousands of jobs it's going to create plus a little.
Another move in the right direction, making it a living and breathing place. So you don't have to go out there and subsidize Mickey Erison, the other great rovers. If you want to have a little bit of action and play a little bit of slots or whatever, you can actually go right to your local track, whatever is nearest by you.
And I'll say it again at business about oh, it's going to bring in crime Miami the third worst city in America for crime. The third worst, the first two worst being Tucson, Arizona and Memphis, Tennessee, Miami's third West Palm, both of the way is number 11. They're in the mix.
Does they? What do I hate that expression in the mix? Don't you hate that? What do the Irish have to do with this? I forget about the being cute. Yeah, I'm saying these expressions.
Of course, quickly and cute. All in your case, I know 215 votes on today's pool. Here's the deal. We got Terry Bingham. Is she on her yet? Tracy, no, I don't care what her name is. Let's see. We still have that same bitch. Oh, look at that. There's that same me. It's brought from yesterday. Boy, she is grotesque.
You got a Paris Hilton nose and a rest of her. Her boobies are fine. I don't think probably real. That couldn't possibly be real with a body like that. I don't know. You look at that. You say is real. But anyway, she's still on there. So we'll get to Tracy and Bingham and her bio and everything once we get around her. Is he going to come back? Who's he got some major emergency? Like is there liver just fell out? I've got a couple kids. He had to run out. I think it had something to do with that. No comment. Anyway, here's today's pool. How did you or where you vote on today's slot machine? We're for them. Pretty clean.
This pool doesn't need any additions. Doesn't need any revisions. Doesn't need any building. Got it. No pole building because politics boring. We know that just like most of your calls. It's boring. How did you or where you vote on today's slot machine referendum? So far we got yes. 131. We have 224 votes. Yes. 131. Can't vote 40. Don't give us your 31. No 14. Won't vote 8. So yes, 131. No 14. Just like in November, if they would let the near Rogers audience vote, then we get some damn things done.
In this state and in this town. But no, got a bunch of neanderthals out there like that one fax way yesterday. Remember from the 20 year neely right? He's making up excuses, making up stories. Not having any idea what they're talking about. Oh, it's not going to do anything for racing. I get right.
10. 13. 10. 14. Look at this. It times get away from us. You know, if we can do those crossovers with Hank a little bit longer, we can do you just like when stern was on. We can start about 11 30 every day. The main man Anthony Kelly and over acceptance capital mortgage knows that paying off your credit cards lowering your debt, cutting a mortgage payments, pulling out cash investing in a real estate are on the top of your lists. Unlike new copy, which is certainly not near the top of any of our salespeople's lists. Now Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the country. So it just doesn't make sense to keep so much
of your equity. Cut up in your house or pay those outrageous high interest rates. The main man this year is partnering with kids in the stress, helping abuse and neglected children in South Florida for 25 years. This year his staff is donating a port in their commission on every close loan for this worthy cause with six kids of his own. The main man knows how important being a paradise call the main man toll free at one triple eight for eight three loan. That's one eight eight for eight three loaded or the main man come and thought your application right online. If you like no matter what your situation is, I'll find a solution for you and get the deal done.
Forget about calling anybody else in the mortgage business. If you want the best deal all the way around call the main man whose motto is coffee is for closures. One triple eight for eight three loan. That's one eight eight eight for eight three L.O.A.N.
You are a state of the U.L. Roger.
Yes, smoothly. On 560, U.A.N.
No, B.O. Rogers got it.
We got a deal for the last name. The station that delivers pre-sense, galarment of deliverance we can.
Oh, we can law. You can law by winning video presents of the movie delivery.
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend long.
Don't say anything. The grand prize winner will be flown to doven Georgia from a canoe trip for two down the cauldron.
Who the lost he remembered? Who did that combination? Didn't you know the land tree?
He's easy to win. Now that you did drop them thanks. I just say the last.
The famous. The milk simply gives us ten call every time you hear Ned May. He's crucial in the game.
We can't. We can't.
Almost. You're going to get you.
You 95. Ten eight eight eight five sixty. That's Florida.
For your baby right there that sums up in a nutshell. So I guess we're still going to have that me.
It's brought on there for me yesterday all day unless you're a kids his family situation.
I'm afraid nothing got back because George Curtis unfortunately doesn't have the power.
Christ or the ability to put that on here make the street slowly but surely we're like enabling Josh to be able to do some of these things.
But Eric doesn't want to let go. You know what I'm saying? He like just wants to keep his finger in it.
So he just returned to get his situation straight out there. Did he get the food back from the kids far better.
Rumor I'm hearing is that the kids ran off of that big sack of breakfast food that he got from BK.
But that's just a rumor. Two hundred and fifty seven votes on a poll already.
Let's get 80 million votes on here today. But more important let's get them out of the polls where they really count.
We got yes hundred and forty nine no fifteen. The other ones we don't carry.
You know about we don't give a crap and all this other stuff.
Here's one of my favorite stories in a long time from San Luis Obespo California.
A new county law aims to keep readers from wreaking libraries in San Luis Obespo County have had their own rules banning offensive body odor since 1994.
But the policy became law after the board of supervisors last month it up in ordinance that lets the authorities kick out malodorist guests.
Visitors to fourteen libraries in a bookmobile also could be asked to leave for fighting eating drinking sleeping playing games or printing or viewing illegal materials on library computers.
The point is to make the library a comfortable safe place for everyone to use at Mo McGee Mo.
It's just in director of the San Luis Obespo City County library.
A strict code of conduct officials argue is needed to ensure one one patrons rights to use a public library doesn't infringe on the rights of another.
You have to lock and raise tough questions for librarians and Irene Marcia Santa Barbara's library services manager.
What is bad odor in Marcia? I asked the woman who wears a strong perfume. A person who had a garlicky meal.
Maybe somebody from India who smells like kid curry all the time.
That's a good question.
Believe me it's like what was it Warren Berger said? I don't know well.
I can't define pornography but I know when I see it which of course is kind of the out of cute.
But I can't define a bad odor but I know when I smell it. Right got it? Right.
When somebody stinks believe you may like the crow for example. The crow at the 45 pounds of cashmere bouquet that he vowses himself in.
Steve Wolf from Pompato Park Facts this morning he says just wanted to even know the last night's Pompato Park we gave away 286 free spaghetti dinners.
It was our second best free spaghetti dinner night. The record in January was set at 306.
We were just 20 short of the all-time record and I here in damn T we could have beaten it if we had the right piece of copy yesterday.
Remember I had like kind of added in there was an actor taught myself right because Steve you know this is his attempt to try to cover up his own tracks.
Pretty weak Steve anyway we still did a good job.
Vetter yet was the lady who called up because he just bought a case of diet Pepsi and saw our free program coupon in the back of the can.
She asked if they could bring in the can get a free program and a free spaghetti dinner and we told her okay and she came in with nine of her friends.
Talk about chief probably from one more attendance last night at Pompato Park 1955 nearly 250 more people last year on the same day.
I'm Tony all the public is bringing some people back and once we get all the big bucks in there from the slots that's going to help raise the
purse money gigantic which will increase the quality of the racing dramatically and start revitalizing a very important industry for the whole state.
Governor Fadass hate to break the news to you whether he likes it or not.
Okay here's the fact that says I'm sucking up I've listened to you and enjoyed your show for seven what is that seven or eight years.
Does that say 78 years enjoy your website but but have never read any article that was somewhat pro Israel anything pertaining to Israel.
It's always anti-and detrimental who selects these commentaries George no I do would appreciate a reply Laurel fan no I pick him George fix him when I'm on vacation but 95% of the time when I'm around I pick the stories out and they're all accurate and they're all my opinion.
Okay so Cox a hoist now here's another one. Oh no I'm not reading anymore those all right former listener. Oh leave it up for one.
No no no no no you had your moment of the suns trying to get in Greg get lost starting in once again we're turning the we're giving the a map over to
why get lost go get a life see once you open the door just a little tiny crack man then all of a sudden you got a real crack problem you know what I mean.
275 votes come on let's get going on here for crying out on late wake up this sleepy ass town man you people are in a coma no wonder Terry Shivoy is the big story in Florida just take a look at her she's like emblematic of what's wrong with a whole state they can relate they're all in a coma they all got that feeding tube they're just
like like Hank was talking about going to the well wherever he was eating yesterday his breadless sandwich and having to what all old Jews boy that's right that guy that just send me to
fix about Israel go idea if you love Israel so much go there okay I understand they got some real great meat go get yourself a cheeseburger on a west bank 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and
singular wireless lines I hope that these calls today are almost as good as the ones we had yesterday because they were
simple lady man when they pretty good spectacular how we doing we got to what's your name up there in the beta curtain yet
because that's the most of our heavy breathing desprados out there on the website let's say oh there we go let me
take a few get it look at the size of the state look at that we didn't spell her name right but that's okay it's whatever are
huh it's radio we're just approximating I see it's spelled with a but who cares what you look at all
that goods Tracy Bingham who now is Tracy big in my desk while I got her stuff here I got her goods she was born
January 13 1968 in Cambridge Massachusetts how do you like that that makes her 32 in 4 5 37 36 22 her measurements the source of that
celebrity sleuth magazine they've been sleuthen it they're not real by the way are they no well no here's her filmography laundry bowl beach movie
male Malibu the more mercy battle bots strip mall private public dream team foolish exploring the fantasy they want you to not know that was from my
a vacant this morning by the way to vacant was trace I hope that that is real guy is real upset about it shallow they watch expose TV's life card
babes demon night and the bunch of the surreal life G for you who summer music mania four fingers of the dragon I wonder
where the hell they want to act on and to tell the truth first annual black entertainment to TV awards babes of bay watch a lot of
they watch stuff so there she is there's Terry I think she being Terry what what's your name Tracy Tracy with an eye the reason I bring up the
stats about the crime thing and because this is the last the last refuge of a desperate lunatic like jet bush your fat
ass governor all the crime it's gonna be let me ask you something how come the slots at the at the hard rock
can break in crime is it like a safer neighborhood is elected a better environment there at all now how come they weren't
screaming and hollering about all the slots over there at the hard rock are going to like change the quality of life in
soft lora and destroy our images of tourist area for families and yada yada yada in a partridge in a pair of tree and
daddy voted to add to almost said that word careful I know something I'm not buying it anymore joy there's nothing in the FCC
regulations that make the a deep bag word it doesn't it doesn't qualify doesn't fit in many if we didn't have
such a bunch of cowards there in our middle management they'd like stand up have a little bit of backbone okay but we
they have no backbone whatever you say oh yeah we have to go testify well no no no no no no no no no
you know got a couple of real whoopses in there man including I noticed the one didn't even bother showing his
silly face this morning mister they three share a program director we got I haven't seen it lately good excellent let's
keep it that way tomorrow we got Marlon's baseball at 1250 I just mentioned that in passion to put us in a really good
mood yeah yes it does how do you like that and Josh will be out there with the game again that's right you
don't get to go to Jupiter I don't get to go no ducks at only Uranus so Miami is number three worst and they're
talking about crime bringing more crime how could we have more crime huh we already sucked a big one okay
and I guarantee you like I said yesterday what would you rather be where would you feel safer at
Gulfstream at Pompo park at Miami Highlight at Hollywood Greyhound at any of the fair mutuals at
Colter Race Force would you rather feel safer there or like walking around in downtown Miami duh huh
tough question it's a close call baby or walking around just about anywhere in South Florida outside
without like several companions and a couple of pit bulls right right but oh it's gonna bring
in crime and it's gonna increase traffic and it's gonna be terrible yeah the sky is falling too
the day has come when these grave robbing right-wing lunatics these Bible thumping hypocritical
phonies with their dysfunctional families where they're strangled hold on the lives of people
who live in South Florida is coming to win ended today Mark it's like throwing a line in the sand
today is the day that you folks should draw the line in the sand and say you know I wasn't really
that much motivated before but because our fat ass governor comes down who are opening up a big mouth
telling us how to live and how to run our town uh we're gonna go out and pull yes four or five times
today just to piss him off screw you jib and arrest your family too how do you like that there's
new thinking in the capitals yeah good 27 after 10 Abu Gharr at 560 WQ and we got
uh Mahawar David and I'm at dog at four abbreviated show 4.655 we lose five minutes of the
mad dog today because we got Pittsburgh at UM O baseball I must be Josh must be a clearance must
be doing this thing now and I'll prime up for a first baseball game tonight for the beast and
Eddie K follows baseball that's our schedule for today as we try to put the pieces together of the
QM Humpty Dumpty Egg the Greg continues smashing and breaking and destroying I's going great
idiot you quizzling you you furry
probably was a kid fun when I'm around I guess I'm feeling from bad to read the thing I'm guilty I never tried to feel
I never gave them why I never gave them why I gotta back to it now now I'm feeling gonna do it sometimes
1032 we'll get to that later on we'll get to his channel against at 774 precincts in
Broward County that's in voters began trickling in to have their same local elections and I'm
wasn't the county should allow Las Vegas down slot machines and race tracks in a day near high lie
election officials at the county's emergency operations center and plantation were satisfied
that polls opened on time and there were no immediate problems three minutes ahead of schedule
least 7 a.m. opening of the precincts we got reports that everything was up and running said
to sell a salist deputy to supervise the elections everything is perfect not quite says the
hero Salis said 20 precincts were relocated for this election while most voters received new cards
indicating the changes not everyone did I mean what would be an election in South Florida without
some real screw ups right right wouldn't be fun by the way Josh Cordes refuses to vote because he's
afraid he's going to get called for jury duty and he's a real whoosh I know I already got called
again so I'm not worried about it I just uh just too lazy to do it no I just don't have the time
just a slacker the polls are up at seven o'clock tonight you don't have the time no really I don't
and why's that I gotta help my brother move let me ask you something can your brother wait like 20
minutes no and why not actually I'll be leaving right after the show to go you know something there's
an old expression what's the point it's going to be a decimal point wait till you see where it is
the next check you get for that internet stuff you do for us come on now think you should take
the first time you ever saw a number that had the decimal point in front of the first number it's
going to be really intriguing don't get carried away good luck caching it soundless said 20 precincts
were relocated for this election my most voters see I'm not voting in here because I'm not there
and I didn't get to do the absentee thing this time like I did in November but I do have somebody
like standing in who wasn't going to vote for me you know what I'm saying I made sure that
somebody else will cast a vote that would count for my vote thought of what I'm saying so I'm
doing my part plus on the year here I'm going to do my part that's what all the Josh Cordes he
doesn't care enough to send his very best because he's too busy sucking up the Dave Ann boring
who's got a hot wife or whatever you know I understand you just don't care enough to do it no
I'm going to call somebody to do a for me so I'll do I'll do that too well what do you mean by that
I'll call somebody to go vote for me how can they do that pitch voter oh well that's what I got
now that's not so bad well most voters received new cards indicating the changes not everyone did not
did precinct 29 and was moved from Central Park Elementary to a fire station at 110 50 western rise
Boulevard a fact that no one had mentioned the campaign volunteer Becky Kinley who stood across
the street from the school holding a sign for Plantation City Council candidate Matt McAlloon
I don't like Maca Runes and I don't know no Matt McAlloon speaking the way the Squattle
Holder who didn't receive notice of the change Kinley said I'm very surprised and I'm very
disappointed that the community was to vote here and not notified I hope they have a good turn
out of the fire station somewhat sarcastically I guess two paper pies precincts are moved
in the last week because of air quality issues it was too late to have printers make up a new batch
of voter registration cards so we sent out letters to those voters we also advertised in the papers
you said precincts 4x and 63x previously at the Fletcher Art and Cultural Center were moved to the
police athletic league at 7900 Johnson Street cello said despite the controversial slot's measure
turnout is expected to be light because people like Josh just they don't care enough to send
their very best plus see the real reason is he don't like slots anyway so it's a selfish thing
well no that's obviously it yeah he does like kids or school either right while we're
sure that supervisor elections Brenda Snipes predicted an 18% turn out and that's what we're still
expecting Salah said it's not going to be like the presidential election wow what a profound comment
that is huh Salah said 28,801 rowed residents cast their vote early while the office recorded
about 12,000 absentee ballots more voters are expected in the 18 cities that have local elections
including Pembroke Pines no candidates are on the ballot their voters will December the take
up to a hundred million dollars in debt bond debt the finance improved roads and parks the new
beach voters also have a bond vote in addition to city commission elections local campaigns and
today with votes in coconut creek Cooper City they new beach deer field beach hallen Dale beach
Hillsboro Beach Lighthouse point Margate Miramar North Lauderdale open park plantation
pop it a beach sunrise time request and and West Park what's West Park don't know in West Park
oh I see a newly incorporated southeast browwood city residents will choose the first set
of municipal officers in their history I do like that well let's go West Park
wherever you are in addition voters and unacrobreated areas near open park plantation
Lauderdale will vote I'm joining establishities the vote in broadview park is a non-bonding
a binding straw pool here's the facts it says the fact that our governors against Slommergees make
me wonder oh this is from the chronic now it says Joey and Miami but looks chronic makes me wonder
what Haliburan has to gain from a no vote the whole family is one big a whore to big oil no kidding
Joey go vote several times please the facts as they're just pouring in here one at a time
now what is this a four-law to deal firefighter or a snatched neighborhood cat oh I don't why
why do you send me stuff like that I didn't we got him well who the hell sent that I don't know
why would anyone what kind of idiot sends me crap like this and it's written in the uh can't
even read it PD something PD one I can't read it because it's all black and I'm like I have no idea
who sent this probably a fat boy wasn't me probably fat boy because he's one of the few that's got
this facts number and rather than send copy for anything see our sales department copy ain't us that's
their new model and they've thrown in the towel so anybody any competing stations in a market
the good news for you guys is uh you know even though we got some great shows on here here uh forget
about it because our sales department's given up they've surrendered they raved the white flag
they're just busy sending faxes about uh stolen kitty cats stupid crap like that hey fat boy
goes sell something you tub of crap you you walking tub of garbage people who want laws vaguer style
slot machines in south hordon sister'll create jobs and pump money into schools opponents believe
they'll transform a family friendly destination into a gambling mecha with more crime and other
social ills I want you to stop and think about that into a gambling mecha right right as it we're
talking about seven paramutrile facilities what goes on already right now before the election
today at those seven facilities um gambling hum no gambling is there a lot of crime there no is there
like a major problem there no is there a big uh traffic jam there no and they're like a
horrendous social ills do we have like enormous numbers of compulsive gamblers losing their all
lunch money at the track no in fact probably more people losing their lunch money on that damn
lottery that the government was for that probably pulled over on you so this crap about and that's
all they got they got nothing else other than of course the selfish Indians and Mickey Erison who
wanted all for themselves and and like I said before how come that hasn't changed the images
south Florida how come the fact that so many people go to the airport and get on those cruise ships
and never spend a dime in town how come that hasn't turned the images it's some uh sin uh sin
and horrendous uh social ills capital whatever that mean right social ills my ass fact I think I'm
ill and right now just from reading about that crap 351 hosts now we're cooking a little bit here
now we get it on slow cook a little bit as we try like crazy to wake up you bastards down here
it's about you know the gambling mecha now I got a woodbind like I said a couple of times a week
sometimes more sometimes less all depending on how many you know five times as in wheel of
fortunes are coming up but nevertheless is Toronto a gambling mecha oh yeah when you think of
Toronto do you think gambling mecha I don't think so it just happens to be there if you want to go
fine if not that's fine too in the meantime the people who are there seem to be having a fine time
and uh nobody drags you in if you don't want to go nobody there's no long arm reaching out
grabbing people and dragging them in there any more than there's anybody standing outside the hard rock
in the denier where we're going to hold it isn't that denier I think it's Hollywood Hollywood
where we're right by the line or whatever it is uh in Hollywood dragging you in if you don't want to
go in there okay now the the concept the the notion the notion that giving the Indians your money
which the state and the communities get no benefit from whatsoever giving them your money that's
okay and it's not going to be detrimental to the images south Florida uh that's fine and having
that the permutrials is going to do all of these terrible things only an imbicil only a moron only
an idiot would buy into that and you know what I think I am yeah think about it all all these
years it's always been the same old thing oh it's going to destroy in the meantime my me number three
the third worst city for crime in the entire country 364 hosts how did you or will you vote on
today's slot machine referendum yes 213 no 22 can't vote 66 don't give a shmit 48 won't vote
15 like Josh Cortes there he won't vote the hardass stubborn little bastard who won't vote because
you may he's got to help his brother move that's really something man that's a real commitment to
the community in which he lives and works and takes all the big bucks out of that place oh all the
big bucks yeah that's right between that and a marlin games and whatever else you're getting on
the side there who knows and all the free meals you're getting there too huh love the free meals
yeah oh yeah I know you do but does he want to give back like one little thing that I know that's
okay we'll keep going mine as time goes along we'll keep in mind when we go to serious pretty soon
we'll keep that in mind by the way they're getting pretty serious at serious seriously they're actually
our serious discussions going on well they look they're they realize finally what I said a long time
ago I'm realizing past the breakbook who cares um and that is that there just aren't that many
people available uh it's that are going to like abandon terrestrial radio everybody's either under
contractor they're just not going to like uh you know go take a pig and a poke what does that
old saying poke the pig over that go then I could eat the poke from the pig and we're very
sonar came in but as a result it like they did with opian anthony they're going to start picking up
some of the shows on the veteran here just like this one is what they're talking about and if
Greg ever comes back from vacation the fact that Norma can't is actually negotiating with Greg
Reed again after what he put us through back in the last time oh it's just it is mind bogging to me
Norma how is it possible that would be like Neville Chamberlain going back and sit having to sit
down uh dinner with Hitler again how is that possible hey people can change their underwear
you know IRS tax problems think if you're underwear have a way of ruining all aspects of your
life they take a toll on you financially physically and emotionally you can never really forget
about the IRS problems they come back every morning when you wake up I'm gonna scratch you throat
you know what George called the CPA Jimmy Buckwald in the Buckwald Tax Fram will help and your
IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind which is why other top CPA and law firms
will further clients too the Buckwald Tax Fram when they have problems with the anxious IRS
one out of one potential criminal prosecution get all your unfiled tax returns prepared even if
you lost all your records now maybe you have an IRS lien a wage levy O payroll taxes and penalties
want to settle for thousands less than you owe need time to pay whatever the deal the Buckwald
Tax Fram can help you out they offer free initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees
and immediate relief if not sooner from IRS harassment and best of all you never have to meet with
the IRS it because the Buckwald Tax Fram handles all those meetings and discussions you need
to have to go and waste that time while you're helping your brother move call him today 954 575 2800
that's 954 575 2800 whether you attend grand a million racing in between IRS taxes the Buckwald
Tax Fram can help you out call him today for that free no obligation consultation and get the IRS
monkey off your back call 954 575 2800 or visit him online at www.irsfreedom.com
email rushes exclusively on 560 AM
peak on the Paupera Winfrey show today Paupera shows you how to relieve stress in your life
and I start bad with a raw maternity and I'm not even thinking about all this business with this
Jesus you know what I'm talking about girls
tomorrow Paupera welcome Dr. Phil you all come down to respect your woman
try Paupera go boy plan and don't forget about Paupera's bookline the old testament was so good
they wrote a sequel and now you can get them both in one hard cover edition look for my
feature on the cover all that and more this week on the Paupera Winfrey show
join me Paupera Winfrey every week they have to the Cardinal Springer show
remember it's a sin luck to watch 1048 now this article about the cat that I just got
thanks again okay Christopher Cordes that's not released in the Josh Cordes bank chances it
no not at all a firefighter Christopher Cordes from whatever okay because I just got to
thanks again so in other words whoever's fashion this which is gotta be either fat boy I can't
think of anybody else if it's possible to you can you no doubt that it's very sad put waste in
my facts paper you tub a crap Argentines and Dominicans made do a double take when they see Hershey's
new elegant theta chocolate bar and a man for kisses being promoted by Mexican bombshell Talia
oh Talia that's the one the ad running in people in Espanol features a shot of these sexy
song shows about to bite into the kiss with a slogan boasting Sabro a chocolate a blanco
cone cajita never use the trouble what I can't read it well because it's not a very good copy
otherwise I read it much better than that Sabro a chocolate a blanco cone cajita white chocolate
taste with goat goat smoked caramel the chocolate bar proclaims that it's cajita elegant theta on
the wrapper what does that mean elegant cajita well that's the Mexican version of cajita type of
dole de leche oh by the way that ice cream really sucks a very sweet caramelized condensed milk
eaten straight from a tin drizzled a top desserts are made into candies throughout Latin America
but in Argentina you know why pergway in La Republic of Dominicania cajita is a vulgar term
for a certain delicate part of the female anatomy oh my goodness oh my god oh my god
this is obviously the work of someone who did not do their homework said Jose Cancela president
principal of his spanif USA a coral gables marketing consultancy the problem is that cajita is not
the same product as dole de leche as it's made with goat's milk and has a different taste for
she said her she's chocolate by the way sucks okay I just want you to know that right now all right
you don't agree with me no it's pedestrian it's like every day great good way to describe it I
mean Nestle's is not that great either but Nestle's is like heads and shoulders and at least Nestle's
makes good ice cream I didn't know like you know Belgian Hershey's is like for a goyem the company
needed their differentiate that taste for consumer said spokeswoman Stephanie Morita adding that
the company has not had any complaints about the ad or the rapper now which rapper they talking about
it's probably 50 cent should we got any more 50 cent stories on there today no I could
parse them off for you that's the generic word for the product you said such linguistic pitfalls
where a common word may be understood in a different way in a different country happens with
some frequency and esponial for Spanish language meeting the US it's particularly a challenge to
avoid missteps because the US Hispanic population comes from all over Latin America plus Spain
Espania I'm sorry a fan you as a guide the National Association of Hispanic Euron List
style book includes a list of Pilobras Mel Sonantes yes see this is a very bad copy it is
it's very dark words that have an innocent meaning generally but a more nefarious one in a
specific region Cajitas listed as papaya known to most as a fruit but to Cubans Nicaraguaans
Panamanians and Mexicans as female genitals and I don't want to be the rest of it yeah
that's as far as we can go on that okay god right okay let's get a bunch of calls from people
went out there voted today or didn't or whatever they want okay and if you ever sent me any more
faxes from those two misfits you know exactly the ones I'm talking about oh no chance of that
happen Maddie Bell will be doing your job I did is it already just pathetic just tragic you open
the door give the slightest little bit of encouragement or just a little tiny green light to
miss the Creetans like that and then back again we want yeah get lost and the get lost Greg
anybody with that name Greg bugs the crap out of us get lost WQA and hello
no election central yes sir I agree man this is this is D day this is yeah I mean if we don't
get this pass this is the day you draw the line in the glant in the sand and that little punk
the he ain't gonna go out and go he can't take 20 minutes yeah I hope this is great just waiting to see
the next day it's the main and the basement is gonna be several zeros after it done the bring
his punch show I have a rings all day it'll be breaking back yeah open his brother move and I
hope he slips and I fall there and it's bad as and I hope the marlin's here about the grotesque
comments he made about Roxy Bernstein sounded like guilty yesterday oh really here about that
gosh is that okay he's done oh boy that was really well I mean what you said yesterday about
the marlin organization I couldn't believe you but yeah five six seven oh five sixty
huh look if you don't want to vote no vote no most people are kind of vote why should you be any
different why should you like stand out from the crowd okay why can't be just another
predestined slacker somebody Q a m hello how can we allow to say pass and it's on the radio now
when does that occur I can't wait to see and that and it's going over the air yeah
I want to say it again yes look at it okay it all I asked maybe he just wanted to ask us a question
you think oh here we did fine what what's wrong with ass right though most people are looking
a little ass in the Bible WQ a m hello what kind of a phone is that I'm sorry boy
yeah listen if you realize that when he just think that the powerhouse with the guest car yeah
yeah take this instead of making your costume to hold the school they should never be in his
peace and then it could never ever be no oh yeah no that's not what the legislation says no
that's not what the legislation says but I know and it's very specific in there it's got to go to
education and then you see here's the guy like the one I called us yesterday who's looking for
you see all you all you can do is go out there and hold for it and make it overwhelming and
the more overwhelming it is the less chance that they're going to get to to subvert the world of
the public which this governor specializes at that because he's the anti-public education governor
he's the pro-Christian education governor who wants to Christianize the whole state he's got his
Christian prisons and he's got his Christian schools and he's got his vouchers and pouches and
all this other crap I wonder what he's got in that pouch huh I have a feeling I know it's probably
the whole family is sharing it based on their behavior quit being so negative okay that's the
biggest problem with South Florida the fact of the matter is the legislature reconvenes today and
if this thing passes big which have a feeling it will they're not they're going to have to like a
goose step right to and do what's supposed to be done right right otherwise there's going to be a
lot of recall movements going on around the state I'll take you that you can take that right to
the bank including our fat ass line sack of crap governor wqa and hope not there wqa and hello
hey how you doing okay fire report from tamarack yes sir I just stop to vote at the tamarack library
right commercial you can't get into parking lot really all the old geezers are there
all the only thing who did they listen to you were bush yeah that's a good question I don't
think the old geezers are too much for bush now the social security yeah his brother has a
mess with their social security maybe this is a way of striking back yeah you're turning out
in rows well good for us all right thanks Neil can make him an offer they can't refuse tell
me if they wave your vote no by the way in tamarack you take where you lose all your early bird benefit
by the way don't old people like slot machines yes they're me tools and what uh huh right well although
I mentioned as author to you I should mention it on here that in the articles I've been reading in
the last few days about this whole issue that more and more younger people are into the slots now
and at the average demographic is between 41 and 50 years old that's an average which means a lot
of people much younger than in our playing which I see for myself and that you know higher income
and well educated and stuff like that used to be for old ladies which of course George
Cortis believes then he doesn't want to be stereotyped as an old lady so he doesn't want to play a slot
machine or play quite frankly now that you're not going to vote today I don't think you should you
don't have to go play anyway how do you like that hey if they come down here I'll go play about that
what I'll go play slot machine one of these days sounds very gay to me 10 56 at five
60 WQ I am why we pick it on Josh this we what what did he do do something bad no no he's only good
that's what does it hey if you look in the mirror and see a big growing bald spot here's the answer
for you come my good friend Chuck L theory you know one of these days I don't want to start
picking on Troysford at first but he is he's just he's a good guy it's not personal it's business
he is useless man he's as useless as gigantic breast on a watermelon you know it's it's it's
a senator I could buy the use for those this is the new Roger show
this is your brain
any questions
hello hello
who is this the maid no this is the wife Talia
I like to speak to Tommy Victoria hello Tommy Motora residents
raha what you could you could you no no no Talia
Julia let me talk to the devil
please hold
Tommy
Tommy
yes
raha
jabi
why is it
you got the phone
oh
oh
hello Tommy Motoria speaking this is Michael Jackson you lost your job you lost your job
oh
hey I didn't lose my job I stepped down
or sure however you want to paint the picture whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save
some sort of face you do it but you lost your job
you know actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice what kind of nice to hear anybody's voice
what are you talking about
Michael Jackson
yeah can you hear that
that's my Mexican wife let me tell you it was cute for maybe five ten minutes a day
but if I got to stay home with her every day I'm gonna go crazy
I want to
you're getting your just desserts Tommy Motoria that devil all we do is eat Mexican food
Jimmy Chungus burritos to stitos I got more gas and exonc and you deserve to have the bloat
listen Michael I'll resurface somewhere I'll start another label sure you will so you can
destroy the career of other budding artists are we going to shemi
yes honey we're going to chemi thank you very much all right oh geez if it's not chemi
it's cheeky if it's not cheeky it's it's uh what's that drive in place I don't know what you're
talking about I called to beret you and all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Changa
admit it I was the reason you were forced to be fired right I know because I'm very very very
devilish I want to live in America I want to live in America
you live in America all right hey look Mikey I gotta go okay I gotta take over the taco bell
okay chemi you want to come with us no I don't want to be seen with you you are the devil
so at this point I am finding myself having some sympathy for you all right all right all right
I gotta go to Mikey let me tell you something if I were to part right now after neighborhood would go
up the five yeah let me know three and five sixty w2 I'm happy to do two at selection day
four hundred and forty three votes on our pool how did you or will you vote on a slot machine
issue on a referendum today and so far we got yes 257 note 26 can't vote 84 don't give
me shmit 59 won't vote like Josh quarter 17 and by the way the court is not sure was with the
T and not a D so whoever sent that to me must be a moron maybe they might I can't imagine any
reason they would have sent that thing about the cat I was thinking I had somebody to connect
it to you now I'm out I go back there right now I would get up out of that chair I go back there
you know that big machete that sitting there on the desk that looks like OJ used it one time the
dull would yeah the big dull one there in the file cabinet I go back there right now and give
a fat boy what for straighten his fat ass out now here's the facts and I notice you see if you
look at who these are from then it tells you a lot and you're a good friend Mark remember chronic
mark the facts are of course Neil you missed the most important election news your good friend
Sonny Rosenberg has come out of retirement is running again from air of hell and bail well no we
didn't miss news somebody called in about that yesterday so guess what mark p s and satellite
radio news xm is raising their rate equal serious which is new several days old which are already
read so once again however as part of that they're making the channel that is opian anthony part
of their basic package seems like they might have a need for some quality top protein for this
if nor market stop playing big brother for a while maybe something to get done and guess what
I just got to say when they minutes ago mark if you were paying more attention to me instead of
correcting us all the time that we're already working on that and we're getting serious p s and
here's where he finally gets his act together Josh isn't f'ing putts is what well we know that
in fact anybody in a building named Josh has got some serious abaguse these days including that
junior make believe program director who's gonna be doing you mb's fault and I was just a
beast we got a bunch of little boy sports wanna be found station oh it's a hit it's a hit
here's the facts that I like from edan forlottardale from grand juction calorado a 40-year-old woman
described as a transient was jailed and drank juction accused of jumping offence to wrestle naked with
a dog and arrest that that they've been indicated that Catherine Earl scaled the four foot fence
just before midnight Tuesday then stripped in order to wrestle with the male labrador retriever blue
healer mix what's a bird healer what's a blue healer i don't know residents of the home will
from the noise and call police responding off to the tool said Earl told him he was having sex with
the dog and that she does it all the time the dog's owner six star said that Earl had been
friendly with the dog but that Earl has been acting strangely for the past six months the dog
wasn't injured according to kmgh tv in dendor police arrested her on a previous warrant took her to
the masoch County jail to survey 25 days sentence how do you like that she's did in the door through
spend five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon and singular wireless lines
phones are just smoking man how many q a and hello see what i mean how many q a and hello oh yeah
neal yes there's a real good reason of both for those slots yeah that's all the great jobs in the
education money and uh... the fact that we're gonna separate ourselves north florida
be real sophisticated with those slots yeah right i'm buzz Aldrin i walked on the moon you're a
sellout on the issue get real i'm a sellout right a sellout would you get a bag of money i don't know
that that's why the vote there is uh... 264 yes and 26 no right he didn't give us any reasons
against it but he started just screaming in the phone go log in fact not just on the moon go walk
on a cock a moon i do like that but five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty under
Verizon and singular wireless line but i'm just wounded a quick you know it yeah can kind of
ever be the same again somebody q a and hello hey new yes sir we definitely got to get rid of that
the cashiest guy that's okay great let's see what else we're okay five six seven i'm giving
a phone numbers one last time and then just going to dive into my pile here and just proceed right
along that's a heavy do the stuff here man i got a big bad pile okay and these people are
got just as much to say as they did before when a vacation which was absolutely nothing zero
is it any doodah just a bunch of amateur little comedians overgrown children try to be very amusing
you know they don't amused me use it all do they or me's no or them come in a q a and hello
hello new yes sir yeah i thought you show i just wanted to tell you that i think it's good
and i like it and i'm gonna go back to sleep back okay good five six seven oh five sixty
see what i mean pound five sixty out of a Verizon and singular wireless line
that would be q a and hello hello yes sir yeah Neil yeah how you doing today hey listen i was
wondering it's been a while uh whatever happened uh Sally fit let me ask you something
click oh he's just gone huh what what ever happened to Sally fits i don't know something do with
acto something would do with ass which again look at a mirror palace i think you'll see the answer
we've selected right in your push somebody q a m hello
Neil yes sir how you doing sir okay i just want to let you know i called in on George last week
when you were sick or playing a work on or whatever and you were talking about how much you know
i was on vacation last week yeah your beautiful vacation it's good to have you back though by the way
anyways you're talking about the uh rerelease of the passion of the christian's theaters
yeah i was saying that they should do an alternate ending to it and it's where Jesus doesn't get
killed but actually chokes at that in the chinese food there avan uh huh what about his funny last
week too yeah i bet you was just as hysterically called you with that last week and calls right back
and like you said uh if the other guy didn't fall back to sleep right away that'll do it
wd q a m hello yes sir hi sir how are you doing today okay good um calling about the
elections in today um i'm still freaked out from the first election uh the one where we didn't
get the guy that we wanted to be an office yeah so i mean i'm gonna go anyways and i have a
significant other he's gonna vote no i'm gonna vote yet so we're gonna cancel each other's vote
but we're gonna go out there and do it what's he gonna vote no for uh he's against that he
thinks it's good he's behind the whole pushing about his passion unity so on and so forth but
about about one crime can i can i ask you a question seriously he doesn't know about that man
he's number three by the way i'm gonna tell him that later go ahead and forget about number three
number one number two forget about that what kind of crime goes on at the paramutrials what
what does this man talking about well i don't know he lives up in that he's from syracuse uh and they
have that uh indian reservoir he's from syracuse yeah and there's this casino by by his house
it's kind of like they've taken over the place uh the indians that's an Indian casino that's not a
state run casino that's the Indians well thanks there i don't know if there were a lot of crime in syracuse
uh no but the Indians have kind of taken over the place that's why i got to well that's that's one
of a real good reason to vote no so the indians can get all the revenue from gambling in south florida
unit with you man go off with your boyfriend you fairy god is that pathetic or what
typical yeah typical new and Tyler too man and uh here's to you that is just um it's just mind
boy i think they should call off elections in america until we have starts requiring people to
pass a test if they don't even know what the hell day it is or what uh soft to put on which foot
or what shoot a stick up their ass then how the hell can we let them go vote oh they got the the
Indians are taking over in syracuse well what the hell is that got to do with anything what does
that have to do with uh you know let me Indians have all the gambling here you in the cell man
oh man i think between him and his boyfriend they got a little bit of an ass problem there if you
ask me you know what to ask you four hundred eighty seven votes yes two eighty two no twenty eight
got those numbers we got it can't vote ninety seven don't give each month sixty three and
want vote only seventeen people are that that indifferent won't vote people who could people
are registered people are capable but just want to do it because they're lazy josh only seventeen
you're a falling bed
You're a. M.
Oh, Canada.
Oh, our home and the.
The.
High.
Falsen's.
Will not you.
When you're.
Welcome.
Is this.
Our eyes.
Our eyes.
We.
We.
Okay.
1116 at 560.
We got 500 and three votes.
I think we got a shot under 1000 today and Josh Cordis says we can get to 1000 votes by two o'clock to go on vote.
So that's it.
You didn't say that?
Sure.
I'm looking on the list here.
We'll just lie about it.
Okay.
This pretend you win.
Vote.
All right.
Just lie a lot.
You're in radio.
Syracuse has the 16th lowest.
I don't know why I'm dignifying those screamers with this with the effort.
Syracuse is 16th lowest crime rate of all these 100 and whatever it is.
A couple hundred cities listed on this.
You sent me.
16th lowest.
But it must be those engines over there in Syracuse that took over which makes a lot of sense to me.
What is that got to do with.
They took over the whole community.
Yeah.
That's another good reason they're well-vote.
But yes, to take the power away from those engines with those cigarettes with the worms in
them.
Soap opera star Jason Cook, you know who that is?
No.
Neither do I.
Was arrested after he allegedly became argumentative with airport officials who found up
pipe with marijuana they've re-in his luggage in Des Moines, Iowa.
The gaze of our lives actor was arrested yesterday at the Des Moines International Airport
about 6 a.m. on charges of public intoxication and drug paraphernalia.
He was in Des Moines over the weekend for the 31st annual variety club Telephone.
Jason appeared to be intoxicated.
Showy signs his bloodshot watery eyes argumentative behavior.
Intervaling to follow instructions smells strongly of an alcoholic beverage.
Police report said.
Stan Reynolds, volunteer producer of the telephone city, bailed Cook out of jail.
I'm just sick to my stomach over this.
I just love this young man.
He said, this is a fourth year coming here to help us and he just works his tail off for the kids.
Reynolds said he works his tail off for the kids.
Telephone raised 3.5 million for children's charity.
So what do you think?
They ought to give him a free pass when you think?
Absolutely.
Cry now loud.
Here's a fact that says, why do we have to vote twice for slot machine?
Something that makes a lot of sense.
How come we can't vote against the stadium?
Something I feel the majority of the day counted doesn't want.
Not only that you feel and doesn't give a crap about 82% of the people in South Florida in the state in general don't want any state money going to build that stadium for the millionaire owners.
I voted yes for slots.
I have no plans I never going.
I feel it makes sense.
F.J. Bush says here.
Well, good thinking.
5.670560, pound 560, I'm sorry that we all sold out on this.
You know, you know, it's a big bag of money.
Big stacks of money for a baby.
You know, it's nice to share.
Yeah.
Go to QA and hello.
Yeah, this is Bill from Pembroke Park.
Yes, Bill.
Yeah, I want to talk to you about the gambling.
Speaking.
But I want to sell for how long will it be?
I think it's important.
How long do you think it'll be the way?
Probably about 145.
How?
Probably about an hour and a half.
How long is a half?
Yeah.
Two hours.
Come from 50.
You're on right now, Bill.
Come on, let's go.
Let's get with it.
It's your chance to shine.
Your moment of star in the air.
Some like this.
I got a system with server and I really like, you know, make this show interesting.
Yeah.
Well, I'm listening to you.
You're on right now.
Let me say it again.
Let me draw you a diaphragm.
You're on right now.
I need a lot.
Just put the numbers.
They're sitting average.
5.670560, pound 560, I mean, Verizon and Singular wireless launch.
Yeah, he had something good to say.
That's right.
It was worth it.
It was real good.
Wow.
We're going to get to that 1000 most by 2 o'clock and then Josh is going to have to go out there
and pretend he voted.
Right?
Right.
Good.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Good morning and belated happy anniversary, sir.
Oh, thank you so much.
You're the first one to mention that.
I mentioned somebody called it about that yesterday.
I'm just overwhelmed by the tremendous, the phenomenal feeling of emotion and sentiment and love
from the audience today.
It's basically the same.
It's really you.
Oh, you know, the same kind of flow rate motion as usual.
Yeah, I called on Friday and I was concerned that something was wrong because you never missed
your anniversary.
But I'm glad you're nothing wrong.
I've never missed my vacations.
That's a lot more important than me.
That's from stupid.
They missed that, sir.
Right.
There's one thing I've been wanting to share with you.
If you close your ears, which is probably a good thing because they're both homely as hell, just a
vacuum filled, thin, sound identical, sir.
Yeah.
Same words.
Yeah, they're dull sound.
And they're equally dull.
And I think jet bush is big objection to the flot, to the fact that the flot worked properly
in his voting machines.
Don't.
They're a good point.
He can't have him programmed by diebolds.
Well, you know, as I have told everybody, if you want to come down to the right side of an
issue, just find out what a bush says and do the opposite.
Amen.
I voted S&T and I'll do it again.
All right.
Good work, Pally.
Thank you, sir.
See you.
Bye-bye.
566-705-60, pound 560 out of Ryzen singular Rylos lines in a desperate attempt to wake up
the masses out there.
Are they doing it or what?
Hey, I hear the rumors are they're piling in by the ones in the polling spots.
You got to tell 7 o'clock tonight.
Even Josh Cortis right after the show is going to stiff his brother and go out there and
spend 23 minutes voting.
Yeah, immediately.
See, if you just shut up and leave well enough alone, I'm trying to lie for you, okay?
Because I know you're not going to go.
I know you're a lazy piece of turd and you're not going to go.
Oh, that's nuts.
Huh?
That's what you know, huh?
A lazy piece of turd?
Right.
Okay.
That's what I hear.
That's what Eric told me.
566-705, you didn't tell me that.
I just made them.
This is stirred up a little bit.
Hello, Eric.
Now do we ever fight out what Ers' problem was up there?
No, I didn't ask.
It's kind of a personal thing about his kid ran away from home, who that could blame, whatever,
maybe you need to take somebody somewhere.
Oh.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you?
I'm great.
How are you doing?
Good.
Sorry.
That's okay.
That's okay.
Well, I had that bacon this morning, like had a big impact.
Beautiful.
Hey, Neil, you still smoke good cigars.
You enjoy the dinner.
I don't smoke cigars anywhere.
They'll kill you.
They'll give you a big tumor in your tongue or in your mouth.
I don't get anywhere near them.
Sorry to hear that.
Hey, listen, I was there in all this about a flat pack.
I think they should max all the tails right in the left lane to 155 on that one.
Okay, great.
566-705, 60.
Oh, my God.
Tom Fies.
Somebody heard Joseph Gackie's name mentioned and all of a sudden we went into this coma phase.
Wow.
Yeah.
Good God.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, buddy?
Hey, what's going on?
I wasn't worried about the crime that's going to happen to me, Casino.
This is because people shouldn't be worried about the...
First of all, we're not going to have casinos.
There's no aim in the casino.
Well, not casinos.
Flots.
Yeah.
But I'd be more worried about the old people that are going to wake up out of the house to come out and play now.
Yeah.
So you have a nice day, buddy.
Okay, you have a nice day too, buddy.
Right.
Whatever you say.
Terror on the highway.
Yeah.
Terror on the highway is all the old parts you're going to be out there driving.
Us enough.
Liberty QAAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I don't know what the problem is.
It's voting yes on the gambling issue.
We take a gamble every time we get on the road and sunrise.
Oh, that's it.
That was it.
That was it.
Oh, boy.
There's a lot of old people that drive that in South Florida.
There's a bulletin' for you.
Okay.
I got news for you, man.
Your people, your material is stale than last year's home enttaction, all right?
Good.
God.
Talk about pathetic.
That's why, you know what?
We need to get on serious.
Those colors that were like which some of Howard's relatives and the Webber
else remember that?
I'll get up and get it.
Yeah.
They're right.
We need to make that serious deal.
Because at least then we open up to some calls from like some different living and breathing people
as opposed to the same old stale, massive briy, man.
This is kaka.
This is pathetic.
Just tragic.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Neil, I just voted, Neil.
I wasn't going to, but you persuaded me.
And how did you vote, sir?
I voted yes.
Well, good for you, man.
You made up for Josh Cordis at Lazy Pala Crap.
I mean, I just happened to be on the way back home from the vet that took my dog and I saw the
school there by my house.
How long did it take?
How long did it take?
It took about 45 seconds.
See, there you go.
Because there's no lines.
There's no waiting.
It's not like November like a regular election day.
There's no waiting in most places.
You're how you hop right in.
You do your thing in your hop right out.
Right out.
I went in, gave my name.
They had me a thing.
I went over to the computer.
Press yes.
Press review.
You press vote.
And then it's done.
I mean, it was really good.
Just like the little bit of the county willow's house, man.
You hop in.
You hop out.
That's it.
But I'm in.
Hey, Neil.
I mean, I know you're probably more into Saltycha, but papaya's some pretty good stuff.
Okay.
What else are you talking about?
Fruit.
Fruit.
Well, I'm aiming.
Here's a fast from Jennifer.
I can't believe we have a lady listed there now.
You can't complain about our female audience because we don't have any.
Jennifer says I'm voting yes because of Florini Hex letter in the herald today.
People like her and her family should be rewarded not reprimated for their generosity
and contribution to our community.
Vote yes.
Thanks for being on the right side.
Florini Hex letter in the herald.
I guess I'm going to have to check that out.
How I reckon.
What does that mean?
I don't understand what the do you have any idea who for Remy Hex is?
No.
Well, I have to look at the letters in the hill today online momentarily.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
This is so funny.
His phone calls.
Listen to me.
I'm a high-witched start family member.
Yeah.
Tell you you need to get serious.
Yeah.
Okay, buddy.
Well, follow up.
You're a Howard Stern family member?
Yes, I do.
Uh-huh.
You're a normal Kemp's, my friend.
Take care, buddy.
Okay.
So you don't want to talk too long.
That's his brother.
That's the Howard's brother.
Hey, listen, all Jeremy Coleman's got to do is put some dollars to it.
Okay, it's very easy to keep saying, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat, but a beat.
Put some money on the table, baby.
We'll do it.
Time to get serious.
I mean, we're talking to the same bozos I've been talking to for like almost 30 years now for crying out loud.
I mean, I'm years.
Don't even have the decency to call in happy anniversary, Neil.
29 years of being on here, making a jackass out of yourself in his time.
Nice going, baby.
Not even like that.
Because you're a bunch of hardasses.
That's what that pounds all about.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Tile with no heart.
When Jean Pithy saying that song, a town without pity man, he had Miami right in his brain.
He had Gentile on his mind, you know what?
550 votes.
We're not going to make no thousand anyway.
We're not going to come close to a thousand.
So you're safe, Chuck.
Yeah, you're safe.
Don't even worry about it.
Don't even think about it.
But we'll be lucky to get to 600 away.
This crowd goes lightly, you know what?
Hey, you know what?
You shop for quality footwear.
There's a great store.
Brandy, shoes and popular beats have been talking about for many, many, many years now.
At Brandy's you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes anywhere in town.
The best service they want to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
And the best prices in town, period at Brandy's.
All the top quality names are waiting for your rock ports, floor shine, S.A.S.
Spirit, Timberland, Naturalizer, all the others.
And of course, with Brandy's humongous selection, you can bet Greg reads life on it, that whatever style you like, they got your size on a shelf ready to put on your feet right now.
Brandy's is open daily, Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, 5, and you'll find Brandy's at 12.90.
North Federal Highway and Pompeiro beats it's always worth the trip.
Treat your feet right, slump them over to Brandy's.
This week come to Brandy's for special savings.
This week pro walkers are only 48.90 and this week take 20% off on all great S.A.S. styles too.
So be sure to come in to Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping online at Brandy's Shoes.com.
Your name's a Neil Rogers.
For us, we're on 5.60k, QAM.
Only in Miami.
Spark? You want to know where the spark went? I used to think sex life.
That's going to fit somewhere in between kids, work, cleaning, stress.
Even if I wasn't in the mood, I was just too tired.
Well, that was before I heard about Apple know.
Yes, it's a maid.
I tried it. I had passion.
Yeah, passion.
Tell me, tell me!
You're scaring me!
Come back here!
Who'd have thought? Passion.
You could run, but you can't hide!
Introducing you, Admiral.
The new, non-prescription, one-staylor tablet.
And it just for us.
I wanted again!
You hurt my arm!
This is how I really am. I'm back to being me.
Make love for me!
You just want me for the sex!
For a free 30-day sample cycle call or go online today.
Assume the position!
You know what I've told you about the hero living the worst website in the history of mankind?
Yes, you mentioned it.
They do.
Here's a let's see.
These are right and dead.
Oh, why, jury.
I'm off-micos. I'm looking for that letter from what's your name?
Heidi Flice.
Right.
I don't see it.
Oh, well.
Let's see.
Gino Caraway, Denise Villes, John Sullivan, Trugged Adams.
I don't see no such letter.
So I don't know what they're talking about.
Do you have a hero there?
I don't even know why I ask.
Oh, no.
I mean, they might be working on the building.
The Heidi Flice had a good letter to the paper whenever.
Here's a fact from Lynn who says I voted early for the slots in downtown Fort Lauderdale.
When I registered the election official last year, when I last voted, I said in November
of 04, she didn't tell me.
I have to be reactivated in the system.
Some I had become deactivated.
Looks like my carry vote didn't count, says Lynn.
Why do you like that?
I wonder how many other thousand votes?
That's third, man!
Just didn't know Fort Lauderdale alone didn't count for carry.
Here's a fact from Jeffrey and Kendall.
Obviously, he needs to get out of the house a little bit more often.
He says, I'm going to travel to Canada this month.
Besides a passport, what other papers are needed?
Thanks, Jeffrey and Kendall.
I would say the Sun sent on the Harold.
And maybe the Toronto star?
Is that rather sad?
Well, I guess you know if you've never been anywhere, just the passport will do, Jeffrey.
Okay?
See you around, Dave.
5'6'7'5'60", pound 5'60", on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
And by the way, when you see all the snow on the ground, when you cross the border, you'll
have to understand.
You're in Canada now.
Somebody QA in, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Pretty good.
I just wanted to tell you, I'm on my way to go vote right now.
Yes?
And another thing, I was wondering if on Sunday evening you caught the day line special with
Benny Hinn?
No, I didn't see.
We had a couple of calls about it, George saw it.
Yeah, I mean, this guy is like the Christian Hilar, man.
He's such a crook.
Yeah.
They were showing how this guy was...
Can you talk about that about our president again?
Okay, thanks.
That was it.
Well, speaking of that, yeah, Doug Thompson who writes the rant on Capitol Hill blue, writes
American Hitler.
And he's not talking about Benny Hinn.
He said a cancer infects this country, spreading like wildfire, devouring the flesh of
our society and training the intern what was once the greatest nation on earth, into
a running corpse of political corruption greed and abuse of power.
The cancer has a name, George W. Bush.
Yeah, yeah, call me a Bush basher if you want.
I don't give a damn.
If you still support this, man, check yourself out of the Neuroseciatric Hospital for
shock therapy.
Somebody has to stand up against this American Hitler, this destroyer of freedom, this devil
with a drawl.
I've watched a lot of dangerous men pass through the portals of politics in my lifetime.
Demagogues like Senator Joe McCarthy, racists like Alabama, Governor George Wallace, and
former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, as well as tail chasing vendetta-driven despots
like Bill Clinton.
But none, repeat, none, compared to the fear-mongering hatred homophobia and anti-American actions
of W.A. and his clever enough fanatics who are held back to destroy the Constitution,
personal freedoms, civil liberties, and just about anything else that provide the foundation
of this place called America.
No president has done more to destroy freedom in America.
His first Heinrich Himmler, the Bible thumping tight-ass John Ashcroff, threw Americans in
jail without cause and denied them due process while ignoring the Constitution with the right
robbing USA Patriot Act.
Bush's new Himmler, new attorney general Alberto Gonzalez, promises to take Jack Boudre
to thug away to new highs, prosecuting citizens for watching dirty movies, and pushing for
more spying on American citizens while calling the Constitution an outdated document.
Meanwhile, the brain-fried Republican Lemmings, who lick W's ass and boots and proclaim his
mythical greatness, apparently relish the destruction of America while wrapping themselves in fake
patriotism and claiming that anyone who doesn't follow their madness in absolute lockstep
is un-American and un-patriotic.
Horsesmith, these people are the real traitors to America and should be treated as such.
They've sold out their country in the name of political power in greed, willing to sacrifice
what's best for the nation in order to maintain control and push their narrow-minded puritanical
agenda on a numpopulous.
Bush and his fellow Republicans are also traitors to their party, one-fought it on the principle
of less government, responsible spending, and states' rights.
Together the Bush-White House and his Republican-controlled Congress have created the largest federal
bureaucracy in history, pushed the deficit to all-time highs, and forced it ever increasing
blood of federal regulations on state governments.
They've lied to the American people, cheated on the principles established by our forefathers,
and brought disgrace to this nation on the world stage.
International respect for America is at an all-time low thanks to an Iraq war based on lies
and arrogance without limits.
Like Hitler, Bush may well go down in history as a mass murderer.
Nobody knows for sure how many innocent Iraqis have died in American hands because the Pentagon
hides those figures, but the number grows every day.
Hell and a tag in hostage negotiator can't even try to bring back someone from their country
without getting gunned down by American troops in Iraq.
Thanks to George W. Bush and those who follow him, America is no longer the home of the
braver to land of the free.
That America is gone.
Maybe, just maybe it can be reclaimed when the goons, prox thieves, and traitors who control
our country are driven from office.
Or maybe it's too late.
Maybe we sent our collective ashes too long while traitors took over the country.
Maybe we've ensiled in too long while American citizens with Arabic-last names are rounded
up like cattle and sent to concentration camps at Guantanamo Bay.
Maybe we should remember these words.
First, they came for the communist and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a communist.
Then they came for the Jew and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew.
Then they came for the Catholics and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.
Then they came for me and by that time there was no one left to speak for me.
The Reverend Martin Nemoler wrote those words in Germany in 1945, an early supporter of
Adolf Hitler, he realized too late his terrible error.
I can remember when I was about the only one calling though these people, Nazis and Bush
and Clinton and the Hitler and so on.
Now more people are finally starting to see the blight in order to say the case is on.
A little bit too late I think though.
President Clinton is getting his scar tissue removed from his heart.
Well, breaking news on CNN, breaking news, not a big deal.
509 votes, boy it's pretty sad, you know what?
An envision in which you know what makes this even more embarrassing?
It's that.
Is I put the poll up the new one up which I'm going to try to do in like 845 this morning?
Really?
So we had a couple of long-rids votes on there already by the time the show started.
You see what I'm saying?
How the idea fallen?
I think it's over those glorious days when we had an audience, but I was a lot of fun.
Right.
590 votes, how did you or where you vote on today's slot machine referendum?
Yes, 341, no 32.
Can't vote 120, don't give a shmit 70, world vote 19, the Josh Cortices of the Free World.
You are listening to me, you're watching us.
My life by Bill Clinton.
Red for you by the author.
When I was 15, I spotted a woman I hadn't seen before.
She had thick dark blonde hair and wore eye glasses and no makeup.
Not attractive.
A dog.
Nevertheless, I bagged it.
It was wonderful.
In rhythmically cadences reminiscent of the only girl spirituals.
I jared up down and up again.
I couldn't stop.
A friend took a photo for me and pornographic home movie.
I was elated and profoundly grateful.
When we were done, he said, if you're going to keep up me, we ought to at least know each
other's names.
Mine's Hillary Rob.
It was our first date.
17 to 11 at 560, he's all hard.
Here's facts to clarify.
If we had people in the building who were like, clarify for me and instead of sending me
stupid stories about some cat and a symphys to us, we could have got this straight
now.
The name is Florence Tech, who was the founder of Flagler Dog Track.
It wasn't an editorial related to the editor.
She had to take out a full page and they were like, thanks Jennifer, because she encoded
it here.
I'm going to read it.
How do you like that?
I mean, it's not as good as whatever the gardening guy does.
How's he doing?
I can't do it right either.
I can't either.
Maybe he'll fax it in today.
You know, we haven't heard from a lie all the time since I come back.
That's pretty depressing.
I guess most of the audience out there are out of material.
Anyway, here's the ad.
My name is Florence Hecht.
I'm the matriarch of the Hecht family.
The founder's not worried is a Flagler Dog Track.
My late husband, Izzy and I made my name home almost 60 years ago.
Our daughters and their families are proud members of the Miami community and we are committed
to its future.
Flagler Dog Track has employed thousands of people over the years in Dave County.
It's been an entertainment destination for residents and tourists alike.
My late husband proudly built Flagler into the nation's Greyhound Showplace.
In recent years, however, Flagler, like all other permutual tracks, has suffered a decline,
due largely to the proliferation of untax and unregulated gambling in forms of Indian
casinos, cruises to nowhere, and the internet.
These gambling venues produce no tangible benefits throughout the community in the form
of tax revenues and remain wholly unregulated and unaccountable.
Gambling is alive and flourishing in South Florida at these venues, and in the ever-increasing
game sponsored by the State Run Lottery and it's here to stay.
The March 8th referendum that will allow us to bring a slot machine gaming to our facility
gives the citizens a Florida chance to finally get gaming right.
Flagler rejoined the other six permutuals in Dave and Broward Counties and committing
to reasonable regulation, responsible gaming practices, and accountability while at the
same time maximizing revenues to supplement public education funding in our state.
A yes vote on March 8th will enable Flagler Dog Track alone to increase its Miami employee
based by nearly 3,000 new employees.
These new jobs are quality skill jobs that will pay significantly higher than minimum
wage.
Since my late husband and I moved to Florida in 1939, we've been blessed with success in
our business ventures and have in turn shared that success by giving back much to the community.
The current attacks on Flagler's fine employees, their families and their facilities, unwarranted
and hurtful.
We are the face in the heart of the paramutual business.
Since my husband purchased the dog track so long ago, the heck family and our larger Flagler
family have been among the most responsible in our wonderful community.
As my children have grown, I'm proud that they have joined me in a family commitment to
the city we love and call home.
We care deeply about the community and the quality of life it provides.
We've been proud and privileged to contribute significantly to many Miami institutions including
the Miami City Ballet, Florida Grand Opera, the Bass Museum, Jackson Memorial Hospital,
not sign our Hospital Miami Heart Institute, Baskin Pomer, I Institute and many others.
What remains most important to us over is education as evidenced by our family's commitment
to both the University of Miami, where we're both my daughter and I service trustees
and to FIU.
I'm humbled and proud to say that we've truly helped make this a better community in which
to live.
Last fall, the people of Florida voted to allow the residents of Dayton Broward Counties,
the opportunity to design for ourselves.
We can become the beneficiaries of revenues and opportunities afforded by taxed and regulated
slot machines, or we can do nothing and leave gaming unregulated, untouched without any
benefit to our children's education future.
It is my hope today that voters will cast their ballots for more money for our children's
education and better paying jobs in South Florida.
I'm committed on behalf of myself and my family to continue to support Miami and to continue
to be a good business steward of its trust.
I'm asking you, my neighbors and my friends, to support the Flagler family by voting yes
to authorize regulated, responsible tax revenue producing slot machines in Flagler and
the other two existing peer mutual venues in Dayton County.
We recognize that our yes vote represents a great vote of confidence in our business
and our family.
We will not let you down.
Today, please vote yes for all of our futures.
Signed for its act.
She had to anticipate that and held it in.
I've gone to Florence, you go, girl.
How do you like that?
Thanks Jennifer for not only clarifying that, but thanks to the TUS.
Right.
Which we sure weren't going to get it from the inside.
Well, here's the facts from Phil, happy related 29th anniversary.
Well, thanks a lot Phil.
You're all heart sweet heart.
All life most of the heartless, cool bastards in South Florida who just don't care enough
to send their very best.
They do care enough though to send their very worst.
Oh, why do we haven't got their very worst yet?
You know what?
Speaking of words, did you get any of Brawlers from our friend Hans and Franz?
No, no, we never did.
Wow.
Never heard no more about that?
No, we never did.
Oh, you can't complain about our sales department about the job they're doing.
Because they ain't doing any land of a suck.
622 votes.
How do you or will you vote on today's slum and she'd rather have been dating Brawler?
And they didn't.
What?
Yes, 364.
No, 35.
Can't vote 123.
Don't give a Schmidt 80.
Won't vote 20, Josh.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Nail, that guy.
Yes sir.
You're talking about their accused was right.
You got to vote no.
The Indians are taken over.
I'm in top of the road.
They've surrounded my wagon.
Whoa!
They're shooting both anhearsers.
Oh yeah.
I know that guy.
He's a real...
He must be kind of a D-fo that guy.
There's the best call of the day.
By far.
So far.
Yeah, he's good.
5670560, I think he's doing something with his time time or his teepee.
Somebody rhymes with the teepee.
With war.
Tom 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
WBQAM, hello?
Hi you Joe.
How you doing?
WBQAM, hello?
Yes sir.
Nail please.
Speaking please.
Nail, this is Ken.
Hi Ken.
I just voted in West Little Havana at Northwest Mark.
Thank you, but.
Yes.
And it's crowded.
Wow.
All those sticks are voting yet.
Well good for them.
Thank God for them.
And nobody's walking around with no vote.
Don't vote.
Don't forget.
I freak why I'm here for every Espoe today.
There you go.
And Joe George, they have a good Puerto Rican day.
Okay.
Bye.
Have a good weekend day man.
What do I mean?
A good weekend or hard work.
Okay.
And don't forget about that papaya man.
What was he talking about?
What was he talking about?
He was talking about Salcicia and papaya.
Oh I see.
Some kind of pornographic spit code.
Is that what that is?
That's food.
Yeah.
I bet.
56670560.
Just clean up your actor.
The Rath of Joyce is going to come down on your ass man.
I don't want to go into it.
From what I'm hearing from what I'm hearing.
She is the definitive exactly what you expect for the Beasley corporate attorney.
You know that kid up in the tree in the entry with the banjo?
Yeah.
That's your boy.
Joyce's twin brother.
Somebody QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes sir.
Speaking.
Bill.
Yeah.
Did you ever been to Tuna, Mississippi?
No.
Yeah.
Tuna, Mississippi was the most depressed area in the country.
They put casinos there.
There are houses there and everything.
And now it's flourishing.
Yeah.
Don't people see this?
Now the falls are the same way in the American sign now in the falls.
You have a casino there now.
Gorgeous casino.
And now it starts up too.
Yeah.
That was the depressed area also.
People don't see it.
Are they blind?
I've been there by the way.
The new women and the Niagara Falls Ontario is phenomenal.
Oh, nice.
The gorgeous up there.
I don't see much crime up there.
Do you?
No, not at all.
Safe as can be.
Yeah.
So what do they think?
They're not.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
It's going to pass.
I'm pretty confident.
I mean, you know, grandadets are show.
It's our coming pinco, left wing, fag, whatever.
You know, but nevertheless, look at that margin there, man.
What's not to like?
Do you think?
Does Jeb Bush really think that the people are that stupid?
Yes.
They're going to buy this history about crime?
And with all due respect to the last caller,
we're not talking about casinos.
We're talking about slot machines at the race tracks, which I understand is a novel concept
in Florida.
It's not novel in many other places like I mentioned yesterday, Dover, Delaware, Dover Downs,
where the persons are gigantic, the racing essential, where they bring an enormous amounts
of revenue like right here up the road, a piece A, it would buy and mull hawk and all over
Ontario.
They have slots at air.
I think I'm not really sure if they have it in VC or not British Columbia, but in Ontario,
every race track has got slot machines, even a smaller track like Flambro.
They have slots in Montana.
How do you like that?
And it brings an enormous amounts of revenue.
And what's not to like is they're crime in these places.
It's just mind blowing to me.
See this guy, your fat ass governor, he's talking to a bunch of stupid, ignorant people who've never been anywhere.
Who all you have to do is throw out a bunch of buzzwords.
Oh, crime and their social ills, they get all panicky and just come up with the negatives.
But there are no negatives.
And as far as people who are going to lose their life savings or whatever, you know something?
There's already plenty of gambling right now.
Anybody who's addictive already has plenty of chances in Florida to lose their ass.
They can lose their lunch money on the lottery every week if they want.
Poker with their friends.
Exactly.
Go poke your friends or poke your enemies or just poke the Indian sounds good.
That whole Indian thing man, I really frost my ass.
That's another thing.
Everyone you want to keep in mind today is what they pulled back in November.
Talk about the big lie.
Talk about selfish.
Talk about grotesque.
5.6 million dollars.
I saw some of those spots.
Absolutely.
And I believe the sky was going to fall if the people voted for this thing.
The whole image of South Florida was going to be ruined and the families would stop coming in.
And yada yada yada, and a partridge and a partridge.
And the meantime, what was the money coming from?
The engines.
Almost six million dollars from the freaking Seminole.
It's okay for the hard rock casino there in Hollywood.
That's fine.
Because those are the good engines.
The honest engines.
Honestly?
Never hear such a stupid bunch of crap.
Now actually they're much allire's because their whole ad campaign was full of lies.
641 votes.
How well you voted.
Did you vote on the slot issue today?
Yes, 373 036.
Does it sound like it's going to pass to you?
Yes.
Can't vote 127.
Don't give a shmit 65 or 85.
And it won't vote 20.
Which year?
That's okay.
We got a lot of people like Joshua, young punks.
What does he care?
You know, he's too busy getting laid.
So, there's probably got a hot date waiting for him over there at the house.
Is it an incentive to help him move?
Yes, that way he pays me out.
Right.
Probably got some hot bitch in the heat waiting over there at the house.
And I think you made the right choice, quite frankly.
No, you're QAM.
Hello.
Hey, I own a channel with Ray Adams that raised the Hollywood in Fly.
But I'm calling Neil on the slot issue.
Yeah, you're talking to him.
This is me.
Neil.
I raised the Hollywood in Fly, but dog track.
And my family did for years.
And I'm calling about the slot issue to inform the people that they're going to do.
The tax dollars that the slots will produce are going directly to the school that 30% of the dollars that are paid in.
And also, people have to remember, the Indians don't pay a dime in taxes as far as crime goes.
Like you said on the radio, there has not been one bit of additional crime since that Indian casino opened up there in Hollywood.
And there be no more additional crime because the state regulates our tracks to the point of where we are not allowed to bring our dogs in and less they're perfectly weighed and they're tested and so forth.
There's no crime involved.
And anybody that thinks there is is just being blind to the matter or not even bothering to research the issue.
Yeah.
So I wish that people would take a look at that.
And as far as the jobs go, it'll increase our industry.
We'll be able to add two to three people to each candle.
That's just a matter of 20 or 30 jobs, but that's just an R industry alone.
Never mind anything else that you have to do with the servicing of the tracks or anything else.
So there's a lot of positives for this thing and people should take a look at that.
A job is a job no matter if it's a minimum wage or a top dollar.
At least people are able to work.
That's what this is going to do.
Amen. Okay, good luck, pal.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that says Carlos Alvarez was in favor of the slot.
So he needed fat head Jebs help.
What a sellout.
This is from Jackie in the Kindle.
What kind of leadership mayor governor wants to shut down an entire industry is toward a tourist driven state.
Why would they want to limit jobs, economic prosperity for its locals?
Because the unregulated gambling companies and big tourist competition companies pay for Jebs words or it is just plain weak.
Whatever Jackie means.
It just plain weak.
It just plain weak is what I say this week, right?
Right.
Whatever you say, Jackie's all whipped up.
I'm just that I have this scratchy trod man.
It's the weather.
Yesterday was 45.
It's not that it's like 10.
Yeah, it's March. What can I tell you?
All or you all could be there.
So I'm have no complaints.
It's 11.57.
Three minutes to learn.
We got Mohawar Davide.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Ten lets.
Ten.
Ten lets.
Ten lets.
Ten lets.
Ten lets.
Yes, yes.
I know you're fine.

We are fine, but thank God.
Wir are now getting ready.
strawberries, marshmallows, other decadent treats, and don't forget the
emolkoes promote healthy living too because they use no crap and they're
cooking no MSG, no cornstarch, no garbage, they cook everything with only
cholesterol free, canola oil. Don't forget to book your reservations at one of
emolkoes three several locations. There is nobody quite like emolkoes. They're
in sunrise sunny Isles Beach in Pembroke Fines for the emolkoes called 954 572
3822. That's 954 572 3822.
510.
510.
510.
817.
817.
435.
157.
Miami Port Lauderdale.
I'm Paul Linn. If you ask me, the only thing more fun than playing
Grandass with a Swiss guide is the meal Roger 12 to 1 hour.
Oh!
Here!
Well, he's a Tallahassee Nazi.
Oh, who got the money from his daddy?
Oh, and if I sent my little bratty?
Oh, we did agenda that's brought me.
Oh, well, he's a Tallahassee Nazi.
No, but they are filling.
Well, he's a President of the Sun.
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win.
He might as well just go right in.
Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with up his ass.
So look out on you, Jews.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a Tallahassee Nazi.
Oh, he'll give our people rights to Miami.
Oh, I see the Tallahassee Nazi.
Love of an L.A.
Hoi.
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew.
With very bad Jews.
Who never praises Jews.
My next year will all be screws, Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Any spark between that race against Buddy McCay?
Why do you think they call it Cuba?
Victoria Lanny Race.
He's a Tallahassee Nazi.
Hoi.
He'll make the Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Tic-haw.
Let's do steps.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
For the...
Yes, Bush.
Back to Miami.
It's a trouble too.
I'm just reading something off the Sun Central here.
It's going to really piss you off and me.
Okay.
But let's wait until it comes off the back of the machine.
Be good time.
First of all, the younger brother of Michael Jackson's
accuser described for jurors in graphic detail how we twice saw the pop star
group the child while the young boy lay sleeping in Jackson's bed at his
Neverland Ranch.
The brother also testified yesterday that Jackson showed them internet sex sites,
gave them wine, slept in bed with him, and appeared before them naked and sexually accused
of rarers that the pop star is Neverland Ranch.
Me and my brother were watching a movie and Michael walked up naked the 14-year-old
witness testified. Me and my brother were grossed out.
He sat on the bed and said it was natural, then left the room.
Speaking calmly, directly and unemotionally, he said the molestation occurred shortly after.
Jackson had shown the boy sexual explicit magazines that he kept in the suitcase in his bedroom.
We've all heard the allegations for some time, but this testimony marks the first time someone has
accused Jackson molestation from the witness stand, notes CBS's Steve Futterman.
The younger brother was very straightforward with his testimony.
At times he hesitated trying to find a proper word to describe some of the more graphic
allegations, said Futterman. The big question now is how will he hold up on the cross-examination?
This attorney Tom Stedden projected on a courtroom screen the covers of magazines,
including one called Verly Legal, which depicted an extremely young woman with her breasts exposed.
The defenseist said Jackson had girly magazines in his house, but never showed them the children.
The boy said that after seeing Jackson with his hand on his brother's underwear, he witnessed another
episode of what he described as masturbation two days later. He did not state the dates of the instance,
which the prosecutor used and says followed a February 2003 TV documentary in which Jackson appeared with the boy at Neverland.
Jackson accused a molesting audio. We know that.
The defense is expected to attack the Count as fiction designed by the children's mother,
and attempt to get the money from the pop star.
The courtroom was still during the voice testimony yesterday.
Sometime the voice spoke softly, had to be told to speak up, but didn't hesitate to answer questions.
The rosy cheek boy appeared to grow fatigued by the end of the day, yawning widely,
and rubbing his eyes with his hands, he faced more quietting by the prosecutor's day.
The brother said that Jackson first brought up the subject of masturbation with him and asked if he ever did it.
The boy said he answered no. Then he said to me, everyone does it, you should try it, it's okay to witness that of Jackson.
He also told Jackson conducting private drinking parties with his young boy guests, in which he served them wine and called it Jesus' juice.
The witness indicated he was surprised when he walked in on Jackson, touching his brother.
He said he pushed open the door to Jackson's room, and I saw directly onto the bed.
I saw my brother was outside the covers. I saw Michael's left hand and my brother's underwear, and I saw his right hand and his underwear, as he said.
He described his brother as curled up and snoring slightly, and said he saw Jackson masturbating.
Two days later he said he encountered a similar scene after entering Jackson's home.
I went upstairs, the same thing was happening, but my brother was on his back, my brother was asleep.
Michael was masturbating while he had his left hand and my brother's underwear.
The witness said he didn't tell his mother a sister what happened, nor did he tell his brother what he had seen.
I didn't know what to do, the witness said I went back to my guest room.
The witness said the first person he told about the incident was psychologist Stan Katz, who interviewed the boy and then notified the authorities.
The boy also described the incident which Jackson grabbed a mannequin that he kept in his bedroom, and pretended like he was having intercourse with it on bed while fully clothed in laughing.
Viewers were also shown a photo of a mannequin depicting a girl with braids.
Jackson left the court and a reporter asked him how he felt hearing the testimony. The singer said, I'm sorry, I'm under a gag order.
Sorry, I'm under a gag order.
A gaga.
A cookie, a milk, a very sweet cookies.
Okay, anyway, getting back to this, which I'm depressed down, this may just be more of that propaganda in a sunsendle.
Let's see, Dave County, let's send about 18% in browser, expecting less than 20% indeed.
Now it goes on to say, implantation where an intense race is underway for city council, see voting was reported brisk.
And many of the people exiting the polls in downtown Fort Lauderdale this morning said they had voted against the slot machine initiative.
I don't have a moral issue with gambling said frame work in 27, but I don't trust an initiative that doesn't have more details about how it's going to be taxed now schools are going to be funded.
Nor do I have enough trust in the legislature to work it on afterward. Norman Hardy 62 agreed.
The lottery when they started that up they said it was going to be go to the schools and all they did was subtract it from the lady they gave, fool me once but you ain't got to fool me twice.
Ruth Marx, a Fort Lauderdale resident who runs an insurance company, also felt nervous about approving slot machines, but she said decided to vote yes because she said schools are in dire need.
I went out of the hard rock for the first time last weekend. I saw all the people she said it because you run by the Seminole Indians dear Hollywood.
So if the people are spending money anyway, it just might be a benefit.
And it goes on and on and on and Patricia Laverde says I've known people with gambling problems. I've seen what it does to their life.
Oh, I'm also an animal lover of Edgitt here and I think that those dogs are suffering. She doesn't want to support the dog tracks.
Isn't it interesting how they single that out in this you know here we got a pool. What do we got so far on our pool?
Now I realize that this isn't the Sun Central and it's not downtown for Lauderdale, but we got 390 yes and 44 no and a Sun Central many people leaving voted against.
How many? What percentage? What are we talking about here? Okay. They quote one woman who said yes who was at the hard rock and saw the Indians chopping up all the money and other than that everybody is like, oh, it's the end of the world.
They're all voting again. Don't believe it. Now one thing I will say and that is if it turns out that then this reminds me of the metro rail vote.
I remember it like it was yesterday. There was absolutely not a chime in chance in hell that the metro rail was passed by the voters of Dave County. No chance. None.
I sent watchers election returns all night long and all of a sudden friend was losing and losing and losing all of a sudden in the last the ass ended of the votes came in from home stand.
And that put it over the top. Does that make any sense to you? Of course the metro rail go anywhere near homestead. Does it do any benefit to the people lived in homestead? No, but all of a sudden they manage just just like what all the other first elections we have in Florida.
So if this one even turns out to be close, you can be damn sure they'll find a way to steal it. WQAM. Hello.
WQAM. Hello. Not there. 567.0560. Pound 560. Univerized and singed a wireless lines. WQAM. Hello.
Okay, here's our last one. QAM. Hello. Hola. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I voted today. A bunch of other degenerates in there. So it looks good for us. Yeah. Did you vote? No. He didn't. Why? Do you not a resident? No, I'm a resident. But I'm going to come down there to vote.
I couldn't get my F.C.D. ballot and time or didn't know how to do it this time. And so I have somebody voting who wasn't going to vote anyway to make my vote count. Okay, that's good. Well, looks good. All the degenerates in there. Good. That's what we want. Thanks. Yeah, let us send all the Bible.
Thupper is a church and don't forget the people want to vote. No, you can do it tomorrow. WQAM. Hello. I voted for today. You know, although I'm nervous in my underwear is about it. Yeah.
Okay, well, get the mannequin to vote to a couple of times. Make sure. Right? Absolutely. Get the man in your kind of vote. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Vote as cranchey throats really get me nervous. You know, about like several days to come to it.
Plus, you did such a sensational job. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You did. That's what I'm hearing from all the ships and see. WQAM. Hello. I got one for your fight. I mean, you're full. Yeah.
Um, first of all, I also like to say you got these people calling worried about if the money is going to be a lot of doubt and tax money or not. You know, even if the money doesn't, who don't care is if people put their change into a slot machine.
They go down in a liquor store. They buy beer and wine. They go with folks cigarette. Who in the hell? It's written right into the measure that 30% of it is going to go to education.
It's going to be directly your mark for public education. So I don't know how people keep making this crap up. That was the problem. A lot of me is that wasn't written properly and they they wound up giving a bait and switched to the public.
And you know somewhere Mickey Harrison's back there and he's pumping some cash that way too. Absolutely. Make no mistake about it, man. He's another selfish bastard that wants it all for himself. Those cruise ships to nowhere. You got it. I'm out of material, Neil. Okay. Thanks. He's out of material. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you. Here's line nine.
There are eight. Something to see what they're late on eight. Line nine. QA. I'm hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. I do. I'm doing. Sir, I'm going to try one more time. Speak to me. Yes.
Sir, on TV, I know you haven't seen it, but there's some airs that the Christian coalition are running. Oh, yeah. It said that there's one that they have Las Vegas in 1997 as the fourth most popular city in the country. And they have all these crimes.
They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They
are not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're
not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're not. You're not. You're not. And you're just a lot of little non- that fast to bring up. You're just a lot of money. You're just a lot of money. You're not. You're just a lot of little non- they're not. G-van and you're limited video- it were invented. And you're just a lot of products that stole your dirt.
that you're like arguing with a brick wall there's no point i'm not going to waste
my time with that you've got to be an imbecile to believe that if you've ever
been to a paramutual to the dog track the highlight of the horses uh...
who goes to the track and works about getting uh... criminalized about being
being mugged or murdered whoever heard of such a thing
and that's all they got that that's their argument that's all they got so
remember church bingo is good all the rest of the gambling is evil must be
stamped out got it
a lot of people in four lot of it were voting against it though
who that's what the sun sent us that's their take
herald light
yeah
well keep in mind chicago tribune owns the uh... sun sent us to keep that in
mind
twelve thirteen five sixty w and in addition which you know speaking of right
wing this isn't a uh... republican against democratic issue it's got nothing
to do with that
but you know the the fundamentalist wing of the republican party the the
bible thumpers which are big and heavy duty in florida that that's where you
come with a crap with all the lies and of course they would never lie to you
because the christians after all
on the right about your carpentry right now your carpenting is as bad as your
sync when it comes to collecting germs and shmots and all kinds of bad stuff
in there it's unsanitary unless you have a clean
by our friends at rite concepts
they're the only people in the world have that exclusive pan the dracling method
that sucks out the deep down dirt and make your carpentry not only looking to
feel like brand new but just as sanitary as brand new as well
i've been using for over twenty years in my homes and a good reason why because
they do magic on your carpentry matter how hopeless they look right now
when they finish your carpentry dry in an hour and a half to two hours
it looked just like brand new they smell eminion fresh it's a miracle right on
your floor
and they also do an unbeatable job cleaning your furniture your draper your
pulse for your area rugs expensive oriental rugs all these things
call them toll free you'll never use anybody else again i'll guarantee a
daybrow it in the palm beaches one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven
one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one run the wicked
web it's dry concepts dot com that's dry concepts making carpets clean in
sa fire since nineteen seventy nine
and
rite  an
on 560.
2AM
Riddians, don't ask dirt.
Hello?
Who's in my cupboard?
I'm in my cupboard.
I'm in my cupboard.
It's the K-E-N-Lite cupboard.
I'm in my cupboard.
I'm in my cupboard.
I'm in my cupboard.
Finally, a movie for homosexual children.
Hello?
K-E-N-Lite in the cupboard.
Can I shower with you little boy?
K-E-N-Lite in the cupboard.
Where are you K-E-N-Lite?
I'm going over.
Oh!
Hey, how did you leave my bag?
J-E-N-Lite in the cupboard.
Question. Can we get this shelf paper in here? You know, like a magenta or something?
J-E-N-Lite in the cupboard.
Can we shut that trap off?
This is one red skin who wants them shut down!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
18 to 560.
Here's Clip who's a little hysterical.
He says, I want to know what else is attached to either.
Yes or no one is live vote.
I'll tell you what's attached to it.
Nothing. Uranus.
I don't want to vote.
Yes and have other bills attached that help release some fat asses pocket.
Also, Clip says, oh, yet two robberies already this morning and they must be practicing for winter vote passage.
You're very astute, Clip.
And listen to this fact.
560.560 out of a rise in singular wireless lines. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
You got an interesting stat for him.
Okay.
The Perk Capita, the city of Tallahassee, has an IS rape ratio.
Yes.
Not many people know that.
Well, of course, I would mind that the legislature is there, so, you know,
the rape is going on every day that they meet.
That's true.
That's true.
But I think it's something that's probably too often.
Okay. Well, thanks for the good news.
Okay. I'm looking at my list that you sent me to see where Tallahassee is on here if I can find it.
Okay.
Because this has got the crime accord to murder, rape, and robbery.
So it's got all three categories.
Right. Perk Capita.
I don't see Tallahassee on here as a matter of fact.
I see Jacksonville on here.
I don't know what a brain pen is on here, amazingly enough.
For Lauderdale, that did pretty well, although it's up there with Detroit.
For Downer with Detroit.
Kind of like in the middle of the pack.
But I don't see Tallahassee on here, nowhere as well.
I'll take his word for it, okay?
Rape is there, especially, in the state capital.
Make no mistake about it.
But the Sun's Central says a lot of people in downtown for Lauderdale vote against it.
Let's see. Jim and Pembroke Pines says, oh, listen to this.
He says, don't listen to the crap about the Cremuret and Las Vegas and that commercial they used statistics from 97.
That's eight years ago.
Jim, let me just say this to you, okay, when we have all these other elections on casino gambling.
They always throw in these crime statistics.
And of course, the problem in Las Vegas is the crime statistics are based on the permanent population.
And most of these statistics they used back then were like in the early 80s when the permanent population was less than a million.
So naturally, you know, a pickpocket stuff like that, robberies.
Compared to the permanent population, we've distorted the whole thing because there are millions and millions of tourists there every year.
Got it? Got it.
So it's just a distortion.
As a matter of fact, on this thing you sent me, how has Las Vegas look on here?
Did you see it? Good question.
I did not.
Okay, well, Tucson, Memphis, Miami is the third worst.
The 100 largest metropolitan statistical areas.
Page two near the middle.
Page two near the middle Las Vegas.
Just a little bit worse than Fort Lauderdale, right?
It's in there with Denver, Austin, Sacramento, Colorado.
And oh, wait a minute. A little bit better than Fort Lauderdale.
I'm sorry.
In fact, it's like about a dozen better analysts like in the middle of the pack.
Middle of the pack.
And again, that's compared to the permanent population, which is over a million now, but nonetheless millions and millions of tourists.
All the statistics all the time.
Okay, just use your common sense.
If you've ever been to a casino, if you ever been to a race track, you've ever been to a woodbine in these places.
There are very few places in the world you're going to feel safer.
They have all their own security.
They don't have to go out and hire a bunch of off-duty policemen and pay them a lot of extra money.
Now, that's not the way it works.
Now, that's the fact.
This is from a guy that goes to a woodbine, at least two, three times every weekend, as a great time there.
So I know what I'm talking about.
But you know, you listen to people that haven't got a clue that have never been there.
The Hocus Pocus crowd.
Oh, the sky is going to fall.
Everybody's going to lose all their money.
Okay. Whatever you say.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Your people are really out of control, man.
Your crowd.
Right. W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
This is good. Too late. Too late. It's only a four-hour show, sir.
Yeah. How's that pile?
Big. I got piles, man. Good.
I got just like Jose Conceco. I got big roads.
567-0560, pound 567-0560, on a Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Hey, it's just an election day. Why should anybody be concerned about that?
And how come I put line six on hold like that? You know?
Err. It's bad. W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
All right. Is this Neil Rogers?
Speaking.
Uh, is this Jerry?
And not on the series.
Yeah, but we're working on it.
Oh, okay. I just want to tell him why I'm putting it.
Okay. Go ahead. I'll pass it along.
Oh, okay. Neil.
Um, I've been down Vegas for two years, and I'll tell you that I don't care about it going to the schools,
and I don't care about that. Maybe I should.
But I'll tell you why I wanted to pass, because it's a lot of damn fun.
Right. There you go.
And I'll tell you what else.
Um, we're just now getting to where I'm visiting passes.
Maybe we can actually buy beer on Sunday morning.
Which is another thing you could do out there.
Conceco, great. Yeah. Don't get carried away, man.
Oh, well.
Yeah, I know that's another 10 light years away.
But I've got always, blue nose laws we got to worry about first.
Yeah. Anyway, I don't know if you've been to Beijing. Maybe the single go over.
Okay. Good luck to us, Palli.
Okay. There's a guy's son who like he's a desperate for a little action, little something, you know.
I mean, you got the beaches and the sun and, uh, you know, where I end.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Abby, I'm a little sure that I'm going to go for the slot.
Well, thank you so much.
You're more than welcome. I appreciate your show.
And well, thank God for you anyway.
See you, Palli.
Never happy.
You too.
There's a guy that appreciates the show. He's a good guy.
He's a volunteer for the slots. He likes the show. Happy anniversary.
And for our kind of guy.
Okay. As opposed to some of the sour old farts down here, who, uh, whose old goal in life
to make sure that everybody else is as miserable as they are.
There's another chance to stick it to those old farts, man. A condo commandos.
And you know, the funniest part of it is a lot of them will vote no one.
Who do you think will be different when it passes and they open up these joints?
Who do you think the first people are going to be their flundin' or guts out?
Taking the bus by the right. That's right. They'll bring them in by bus loads.
They'll be schlepping from win-more and cemetery village and all the other condo from carriage hills.
God forbid. Can you just see it now?
Oh, yeah.
Like a white river.
Bus loads and bus loads.
And you know something that'll actually have a good time. That's the amazing part of it.
Maybe that's scary to them. They might actually enjoy themselves.
Oh, good time.
Have a good time.
Or not.
W.A.M. Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Quick question.
All this money for the tax for the school boards.
What's accounting? Is it going to date in power or is it all $57?
Well, that's not fair. Can we just give them one of the more than the debt?
And now you're talking. Yeah.
Let's just give it to the Marlins.
We love the Marlins. Yeah. Here we do.
Pretty interesting.
Every time that business comes up, whether it was Wayne, whether it was Old John Henry,
whether it's this crowd we got now, David and Samson and Delilah, no change.
The public isn't too crazy in the state of Florida, even in South Florida, subsidizing with the state tax money for millionaires and billionaires that just ain't into it.
How's that national hockey league coming?
Oh, yeah. They're really doing it.
Wayne. I tell you one thing about him though. He sure knows when to get out.
He smelled it. He could smell it from a million miles away.
They built him that bigger ring there and broward.
Which the good part about broward is they probably do him better without the hockey.
You want to know why?
Number one, Alan Cohen is losing less money, but even more important than that.
They have all these other dates now for concerts and all this other stuff.
They've got a great venue there for all.
Yeah, stuff like that.
That makes him a lot of money.
As opposed to sporting events, the cost of a fortune because nobody's showing up.
And most of the people who do show up are getting free tickets.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
What's going on, Alan?
It's the same guy for voting right now.
And apparently, not a lot of people are here.
I think to be interested.
That everybody going for a meat or a meat or anything.
Yeah.
Well, maybe if they put some cock fights in there in the slot joint, maybe they might show up for that, you think?
They would if there was a pit of people, wouldn't they?
I had a great line for that, but I can't say no.
Back up to that could have said it, but I don't know, Moa Joyce.
No.
Okay.
I'll bite my tongue.
We were hard.
It's bleeding over here in the tongue, too.
Mother.
Namasita.
724 votes on the pool.
What is it?
415 guests.
And no, we got 49.
That's almost 10 to 1.
You know what?
Of course, that's this fine audience.
Can vote 141, you know, like illegal aliens or like George or whatever, punks.
Don't give a shit about 96.
And one vote, only 23.
Well, that's good.
Only 23 just are stubborn and hard-ass like a mule.
Each other, move to it.
I'm not a truth.
Who gets in the world, right?
Who gets in the world, right?
I'm not a truth.
I'm not a truth.
I'm not a truth.
I'm not a truth.
I'm not a truth.
I'm not a truth.
I was a sailing man.
And not a lover.
My name is Christian Lombard.
I was out to discover.
Or the Nina Prieja and the Santa Maria.
And we've got a spain with my pasta as it's here.
We were cruising, Maria, getting funky, understands.
But we were scoping for the new world, the new land.
While we were slumping for America, I said, man, I drink this.
At least until lunch.
And I got motion sickness.
Had a stop looking for land and looked for barrels.
Or a place to hang our head over the rails.
While we was sailing on our heads and knees, feeling grounded.
Suddenly our heart is working.
Your grace is founded.
Man, what a sight to behold.
I said, you mean land.
How we said no.
I'm a scum at the pet.
Don't be small.
Hey, listen, we're going to be playing Fitty Sensor in the Marbe.
You didn't know that.
All right.
We've got to get that crowd, man.
We've got to get that hip-hop crowd.
I'm reading this story from Channel 10 website.
Okay.
Supporters in the measure include former State Education Commissioner Jim Mahorn,
who was a Bush appointee, plus the Permigian School Facilities Unit,
and said, horn said yesterday that informal polling has been fantastic.
Our polling from the pro side is fantastic.
But the Sun Sentinel says many of the people leaving and forth ordered it,
and voted against it.
How many of they talking about it?
About 30, man.
You know, this takes me back to the first time, because you know,
gambling was on a ballot in Florida.
Mm-hmm.
And they send this putz mark fisher from the hero.
They send him out to Vegas with the specific, and later on it came out,
that he was specifically told to write and to photograph.
He has photographer with him, as much negative stuff as possible,
because the hero that that time, and a Sun Sentinel, were vehemently opposed to.
And so there was a big picture.
I'll never forget it, like it was yesterday.
A picture of some drunk, some vagrant behind a casino in Vegas somewhere,
like out in the middle of the wilderness, you know,
which there really isn't much of anymore.
And here's an old drunk.
And then the caption was a vagrant hangs out behind what it was.
And then the casino palaces in the, you know, like the impression being that, you know,
everybody's down and out, bunch of drunks.
Now, anybody who's ever been to Vegas or even seen anything about it,
knows that this is the most fictitious image, the biggest lie.
And then this is what they specialize in, line through their teeth,
these good fundamentalist, uh, religionists, who are so much older and better than we are.
Like your present, for example, here's an article by Harvey Wasserman,
who's relatives perished in the Nazi Holocaust.
His history of the US is available at harbywaserman.com.
And his headline is,
Senator Bird is correct to equate Bush with Hitler.
I thought I'd just stick this in there.
Okay.
He says the US Senator, so Senator, senior constitutional scholar has correctly equated Bush with Hitler
and the usual attack dogs are howling,
but they're wrong and Americans must now face the harsh realities of an increasingly fascist
and totalitarian GOP.
Occasionary and Senator Robert Bird of West Virginia made the equation.
In the context of Bush's attack,
on Senate procedures which might slower halt his ongoing attempt to pack the courts
with extreme right-wing fanatics.
Bird said Bush has moved to destroy time-honored Senate rules,
parallel Hitler's ramming fascist legislation to his gutted rest dog.
Hitler never abandoned the cloak of legality, said Bird.
He recognized the enormous psychological value of having law on his side
instead he turned the law inside out and made illegality legal.
Anti-deformation league director Abraham Foxman has played the Holocaust card
for the Republican saying it is hideous outrageous and offensive for Senator Bird
to suggest that the Republican Party's tactics could in any way resemble those of Adolf Hitler in the Nazi Party.
GOP chair Ken Melman is labeled Bird's remarks reprehensible and beyond the appeal
remarks joined by Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum.
Santorum is best known for equating sexuality between consent and gaze
with bestiality between humans and dogs.
But Bird is one of the few in either House of Congress to truly understand the Constitution
and to advocate for the Bill of Rights.
He points out that like Hitler Bush is pursuing a strategy designed to win
absolute rule by one party and one leader.
Hitler's central slogan, I invoke I'm Rock I'm Fhrer,
one people, one government, one dictator, accurately describes the current GOP strategy
of Karl Rove Bush's Joseph Garbles.
Now the Republicans have re-nominated extreme right wing judges to hide
courts from which they were barred prior to the 2004 election.
With enhanced majorities in Congress, the GOP is moving to gut rules put in place
to protect the rights of minorities within the government.
For the GOP, as for Hitler, such safeguards are annoying barriers to absolute power.
These judges are consistent in their eagerness to protect the power and privilege
of private corporations at the public expense while simultaneously promoting the invasion
of individual rights by the government.
Masquerading as free markets, small government advocates, GOP conservatives
like Hitler's Nazis promote an all-powerful central government run by and
for the corporations that sponsor them while crushing individual rights and liberties.
While Bush advocates for democracy overseas, the GOP is crushing it here at home.
These judicial nominees mean to further solidify Republican control of the court system,
which they've edited their grip on the executive, both houses of Congress and the media.
The GOP is also getting safeguards within the FBI and CIA, turning them into a personal police force
that could peril Hitler's Gestapo.
Because of regime wraps itself in the rhetoric of our democratic roots,
it's emotionally difficult for Americans to equate Bush with Hitler.
He is not after all running death camps like the ones Hitler used to exterminate millions of Jews,
gypsies, gays, unionists, Jehovah's Witnesses, the elderly and firm birth-effective in the handicap.
But the distinction may be lost on the tens of thousands of Iraqis who have died in the wholesale slaughter there,
and whose line has been carpeted with radioactive depleted uranium, which will kill for centuries to come.
Bush is now operating a classic concentration camp in Guantanamo.
This infamous holding center operates entirely outside the rule of law,
with prisoners held without charge, without evidence, without access to attorneys,
family or the outside world.
At Guantanamo, at Abu Ghaz and elsewhere, including the U.S. civilian prison system,
the door has been opened under the Nazi world of officially sanctioned torture and systematic human degradation.
The new attorney general of the U.S. has explicitly endorsed their use.
Despite some phony-genius flexions to the contrary, Bush has announced the Geneva Accords
and has clearly stamped his most notorious Nazi trademark on a party also in love with the death penalty.
Bush now holds some 2.2 million prisoners in the U.S. school log,
and the world's biggest prison population since the Nazis, both by absolute number and by percentage of the population.
At least 800,000 Americans are held for victimless drug crimes, including Irawana.
Thousands die each year from torture, rape, suicide and treatable disease.
The system is designed to remove from the political process, and in many cases,
exterminate people of color, alternative lifestyle and political dissidents.
Is this worthy of the Nazi label?
Fascism has long been clearly and simply defined as corporate control of the state,
with strong totalitarian militaristic anti-feminist and anti-gay characteristics.
Both Mussolini's fascist and Hitler's Nazis used active terror and alleged terror to grab absolute power.
Ranting at full servism as the GOP not as against Islam, the Nazis use the burning of the rash stock,
much as the GOP, has capitalized on the terror attacks of 9-11.
George W. Bush doesn't spell by huge Gov.'s math rallies as Hitler did,
but he doesn't tolerate groups that might ask him veress in questions,
and has packed the nation's blow-viator corps with servile pandewars.
Roe views the mass media to manipulate and deceive in ways suited to the trappings of American culture,
as surely as Gov.'s Hitler speeches to the German Volkgeist.
Bush has courted both people of color and Jews,
but as far-right fundamentalist backers see all non-believers as children of Satan,
who must ultimately perish in a clenzing armageddon,
that will allow only the chosen few into heaven.
Amidst the psychotic twist of the Book of Revelations,
these are people who love Israel but hate Jews and all the other unsaved.
At its core, there's little to distinguish today's far-right,
racism. The Bush Roe view of science parallels that of Stalin,
the Soviet slaughtered researchers whose data failed to confirm their theories,
today's U.O.P. demand scientists fit their findings to the Bush Roe of Gospel,
the Bush EPA, Fish and Wildlife Service and other agencies,
routinely assault those who challenge corporate destruction of the earth.
Despite the long-standing consensus on global warming,
Bush's faith-based corporate sponsored climatology insists,
CO2 emissions are no problem, the scientific equivalent claiming the Nazi Holocaust never happened.
Like Hitler, Bush believes he talks to and for God.
He has said at least twice in public that he doesn't oppose dictatorship
as long as he can be the dictator. His family is long, well-documented,
financial and political ties to the Nazi regime,
as well as to a sum of in-lawment and a long list of oil-rich Islamic fundamentalists.
Senator Berz in the location of the Nazis to describe the Bush regime
may be considered impolitic, but it's folly to avoid the important parallels.
By all accounts, American democracy is hanging by a thin thread,
which Bush Roe was laboring mightily to cut.
Senator Berz is a conservative, uniquely learned man.
When he equates Bush with Hitler, he speaks with great sadness and scholarship
and must be heated.
As those W. Buffers tickers morph into swastikers
and the killing fields of Guantanamo and Iraq,
we must, at Senator Berz urging,
we've our recent history's most vital vow, never again.
Theologist is suing actor Sean Connery for $30 million,
claiming he is the neighbor from hell.
Here to respond,
is Sean Connery.
This is Sean Connery.
The lawsuit filed against me by Dr. Burton Sultan is quite simply a pile of moust poup.
The good doctor claims my wife and I played a loud music at all hours.
Perhaps the music is a tad um of aluminum side,
but I'm 74 years old,
and basically deaf.
Anyone who can't appreciate the malifous melodies of Metallica is a bonehead.
I love the master of puppets album.
This nausea Arab claims I have smells coming from my apartment
that make him want to hurl.
I say, too bad.
I love to cook my cabbage and clams.
He also says that allowed noises coming from my apartment.
I respectfully submit that the good doctor is jealous.
My wife and I like to do the bed-bougaloo bookie.
We enjoy the art of lovemaking,
and I've been reading about how to make the passion last.
So far, I'm up to seven minutes.
Straight.
I bet the good doctor can say that.
Who's the man now, dog?
As for the other complaints about dripping water and throatened infestations,
I say as a true New Yorker,
I don't give a rat backside if my lifestyle is making the doctor uncomfortable.
As a matter of fact, I plan on having more parties,
making more love,
and cranking my Metallica as loud as my both radio can go.
This is shown commonly.
Shangs of a good doctor screw you.
1247 at 560, everybody here,
and that's not to do this kind of long.
Right, I thought that when I played with.
Here's a fact that says from Jeff,
saw a bumper sticker day this morning when I went to a vote, which says it all,
there's a sucker born again every minute, born again being underlined.
Amen, brother.
Right.
Oi!
I hope I'm wrong, says Jeff,
but I think a low turnout favors the zealous and fat-ass governor.
And I don't worry about it.
I think whatever we get,
it's going to win by a pretty good margin.
Don't take it for granted though, but that's my feeling.
It's by what the scent settles,
trying to poison the waters with with that BS.
Oh, many of the people, well, what does that mean?
In other words, if you want to do like an exit pool on your website,
well, what percentage are you talking about?
Many.
5%, 80%, 2%, 107%,
that's mid-J.
Yeah, yeah, a scooch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Rital Slime.
I'm too bad with my scratchy throat.
I kind of like interfered with that reading of that very important couple of employees.
You did a really good job.
Did I do a fine job?
That's fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Scratchy.
Must be those all the crime that would buy in it, you know,
it's getting into my system.
How many QAM, hello?
Hey, yes, sir.
I live in downtown Fort Lauderdale, and I voted yes.
All right.
Here's one thing that's interesting, though.
I vote on Andrew Zabiner, just North of Davy Boulevard.
Right.
And there's little placards there as I'm turning into the polling place.
It says, remember the lottery. Vote no.
Who runs a lottery?
The good, your governor.
Exactly.
Yeah, there's the lie, lying piece of crap.
And you know, there may be an addition to which this is specific.
It says where the money's got to go.
30%.
It's not like a vaguenine, vaguenine figure, was like the lottery was.
Exactly.
And I was thinking there may be some additional crime if they want to call with that.
Because if we get an extra, say, million tourists in the Florida because of this, which I guess could happen.
Yeah, there might be a few more pickpockets, right?
Well, we might need a few more ladies to keep the guys comfortable after their death.
Right.
There you go.
That's it.
Okay, good luck.
Thanks, Pally.
Oh, I'm glad he mentioned the thing about tourism, okay, because one of the things that they were saying a couple of weeks ago,
that really cracks me up, oh, and you know, this is really going to be harmful to Orlando and other parts of the state as far as their tourism.
But you know what, screw them.
It's really interesting that the same governor who's now so concerned about dating Broward, that he spent two full days poisoning the waters and lying to the public,
he was concerned a couple of ways to go about, oh, the rest of the state is going to hurt their tourism.
Well, screw you Orlando.
Stuff it.
Take Mickey and Donald and stuff and both were in a moon doing sure.
No, I wasn't born yet, but I didn't, I don't remember here and anybody say, oh, you know, Disney World's going to make it unfair to those beach communities.
Right, that's right.
So what's good for the goose is good for the duck, okay, Donald?
Secondary to hear about, oh, well, the rest of the state is going to be, yeah, so be real, okay.
So more people come to town, that's all the more better.
And if a lot of those people are going, I'll tell you one thing, no person in his right mind who goes and plays slots on those cruise ships to nowhere,
or goes to the Bahamas, which we haven't even discussed in the midst of this whole thing, which they've always been virulently against gambling in South Florida.
Nobody's run, it's going to wind up paying the money to go there when it can go right to the Appear Mutuals and have a good time.
In addition to which when you go into a real casino where there's a lot of money, a slot casino where there's a lot of money being,
but you actually have a chance to win as opposed to the cruise ship where there's a minimal number of people and the machines are tighter than a sneered rum,
and you haven't got a tritement chance in purgatory, okay.
But you know, just stop and think about those things. If you want to go over to the Bahamas and be treated like dirt, go right ahead and have a good time,
and not have any benefit to our community from it, this is what it's all about.
And you know something, like some of the colors said, even if it was one hundredth of what they're promising in terms of dollars, and in terms of jobs, it's still better than we got now.
56070560, pound and 560 out of a rise in singular wireless lines.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi Neil, I just wanted to share with you a matter of residence. I went to precinct 1984 this morning.
Hi!
And you wouldn't believe I asked some of the AKs next to me, I said, so what are the people in your building voting?
Oh well, we don't like the traffic as it is now, so as it man, you move across the street from Gold Stream Park.
You knew that there was traffic, but the Council in Adventura has developed every last parcel of its property.
And at this point, it's a clear track. Yes, victory and push can fight the big one, baby.
All right. Thanks a lot, Pallee. Okay, as I go on.
Yeah, we don't want the traffic, everything has to be for us and for our convenience.
And let me say it again, they'd be the first people to go there and plunge your guts and have a good time and be fighting you, knocking you down to try to take your machine.
That's my machine.
Yeah, oh, I told you that story.
About that old Italian bitch to try to knock me down that day and then two months later, she said next to me, it hits $120,000 jackpot.
Of all the people in there, of anybody in there to hit it, anybody else had to say, hey, nice go on, congratulations.
And when I saw those three wheel of fortunes come up on her machine, I wanted to peep all over her ugly, disgusting, nasty, smelly body.
Why are so many of the Italians in Toronto? Why do they smell so bad?
Wait, wait, it's not just that. The Europe and the Middle Eastern, yeah.
It's people that don't bathe a lot, you know?
I don't know.
What is that all about?
America and Japan are the only ones where bathing is really important.
Yeah, I've noticed that.
Well, I mean, here too generally, I could be with a Canadian, but with some of the people from other parts of the world.
It's not part of their culture, you know?
No. If I could just convince them that bodywash isn't as dangerous as soap that you're not going to drop it, maybe it can, you know, convert them a little bit.
You just drizzle it sometimes.
No, just smear it.
Wendee, QA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going, my brother?
All right, Pally.
Hey, I, you know, the common link here is that the bush mice are all these people.
They don't like what radio stations play. They want you to listen to watch TV.
Anything that has to do with fun, they're against, except for the Disney world, which, you know, these people that are panicking about that,
the type of people that go to digital or the art gamblers, they're all these family Bible thumper.
You know, not everybody, but it's like, come on.
And half the people down there...
Well, they used to be that until I found out that everybody at Disney World was gay, yeah.
Right. Well, and even down here, half the people who are new with the seven-pound neutrals are.
So, I mean, most of the common thing is that people that like the gamble are going to keep gambling.
If they attract a few people like myself, they like to play the slots.
Right. I mean, they all go there and hang out and watch a few races.
But, I mean, it's like, why can't they just let enough be alone these people?
I mean, it's just like, they've always got to have this control freak power over everybody.
That's the part and parcel of what they're all about is telling everybody else how to live our lives.
That's what they're all about.
I mean, I've never seen anybody get mud...
If anything, the security is so high in Vegas, I mean, you do something wrong.
I mean, you across...
You across, I did something to throw you out.
Right.
I mean, look at the people that count cards. They're watching you.
I mean, you're doing this. Hey, Kibbai, go come back.
I mean, the logic that they use about crime, and by the way, you can go on any street court down here,
if you need a nickel bag or some coke, you know, I know where to get it.
So, why are they concentrating on that, you know?
Yeah, I heard that the Jeb brought Noelda down just for that purpose to try to pass it by, you know, win over some of the vote.
I mean, you go down to 199 streets by the stadium there.
You think you'll think you can find some little...
Hey, you can write up by the station man. Georgia, sorry, all the spots.
I recommend that Barbershop.
They should concentrate on the illegal activity if that's what they really want to crack down on.
You know, if they don't play that part in the...
What's somebody...
What I choose to do with my discretionary income.
Hey man.
Hi, Scott and Palli. I'll see you there.
Okay.
God bless you, Neil.
And the back at you. I'll pray for you.
What was that?
I don't know what he said, and I'm not done. I don't know what he's saying.
Right. Well, he's done. Okay. He's a good call.
He was enthusiastic and looked up at me with friends.
And he said, I'll see you at the Barbershop at 230.
Well, I hope you bring it up.
We've got to put it here on our poll. Okay. We actually got a shot.
And in fact, if I had to push it here, but I gave up, see. That was bad.
We got $7.99. A bit of our refresher. We got 800 votes.
Now, $7.99. We got a chance to get a thousand.
Not that it makes any difference, you know.
It's just for fun. Just so Josh can be embarrassed and like, lying tomorrow.
I was like, well, I want to...
Look, we don't really care what you vote or not.
I think it's going to pass pretty hands down your pants, okay?
Yeah, me too.
But it's just so embarrassing the way you come on.
Like, you know, like it's an inconvenience to you.
And the main reason being that you think you're going to get called for a jury duty again.
No, no. I said I already was called.
Yes. So what difference would it make voting?
That's all the more reason you should have done it.
At least get your money's worth.
Plus if you got called for a jury duty twice in such a short period of time, you should have told them man.
You should have had George get you in touch with Norma Kent.
He'll call a send a thing to the court and say the man just served on jury duty within how long ago was it?
About two years.
Now, it's about two years. What else you got to do?
Keep your office straight. Let that thing heal up for crank out loud.
800 and three votes. I think we got a shot, you know, at a thousand.
How did you or when you vote on today's slot machine referendum and date and of course beautiful?
Yes, 466. No, 52. Pretty tight.
Can't vote 149. Don't give a Schmidt 106 and won't vote. Look what that's got.
About 30, man. You want to sneak to the Neil Rogers.
Music, please.
On 560. Oh my god.
Well, when I'm up in Belkettiga, slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours.
Well, well, well, well, well.
On World News tonight, a Navy C news exclusive, the secret tapes of President Bush, if this is Jonathan Carl,
obtain exclusive access to the tapes.
The White House says then Governor Bush had no idea he was being recorded.
Well, I've sometimes I'm mangling with the language. I'm breaking jack angles all the time.
I hate to much the drink. I'm sick.
The White House is not happy about the tapes. I believe I'm going to
Jonathan Carl, ABC news.
Washington.
111 at 560. We got Mohaward David.
At two, mad dog at four, and then we got the UM baseball 655 against Pittsburgh against the girls team.
Crankite say she for was better choice than CBS anchor.
You see water does look a day of 120.
Okay.
I was so high on water for a long time, and then all of a sudden it comes up like, well, what's the point in doing this?
You know, a cheap shot.
Getting the guy while he's down.
Just 48 hours before, and by the way, tomorrow night Stan Rathers last news cast on CBS for the other 10 of you who watched it,
which I do every night.
Just 48 hours before Dan Rathers steps down into a cloud is anchor of the CBS news cast.
He's home for 24 years.
The guy he squeezed out said Rathers should have been replaced a years ago.
After nearly quarter of a century, Walter Crankite landed the final punch.
While Crankite always dismissed speculation that rising star Rathers speeded up his departure from the anchor cheer,
and then the rest of the sentence is blocked out.
Crankite went to the CBS evening news from 62 to 81, since CBS news should have been given the gig to Bob Sheeper years ago.
Oh, brother.
Bob Sheeper, he's like the Joe Zagaki of news casting.
The Joe Zagaki of journalism plus a close, bush-manly personal friend, Walter.
He is, to my mind, the man who quite frankly, although Dan did a fine job, I would like to have seen him there a long time ago.
Crankite told Wolf Blitzkrieg he would have given the others a real run for their money.
Better than Dan Rathers would have done as Blitzkrieg appearing barely able to believe is good fortune to get such a quote out of Crankite,
because rather with, for any of the three place in a ratings behind Tom Brokaw and Peter Jennings Blitzer,
he was queuing up the Crankite kidney punching machine.
That certainly true, and it's quite attribute to him that CBS sold on him so long,
and with a circumstances, Crankite said, in a swift upper credit of the jaw,
you don't often see Landowitz as zing by somebody his age, 148.
I'm surprised quite a few people at CBS, and elsewhere that,
without being able to pull up the ratings beyond third and the three-man field,
they tolerated his being there for so long.
How do you like that?
Okay.
So you'd have been happier if Bob Sheeper would have replaced Rather a long time ago,
Blitzkrieg asked Crankite to repeat, as if he were afraid to wake up and discover was all just a wonderful dream.
I would have thought so certainly if not Bob somebody else.
Crankite, you're lacking of Rather 73, came just days after he bloody the anchor,
and the latest issue with the New Yorker is saying Rather always appears to be playing a newsman
on the evening newscast, while his counterparts at ABC and NBC have heard to actually be that.
He's playing a newsman.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Saur Graves water, you old toad.
Man, oh man, what a...
Sorry.
A 24, man, we got a shot.
You think we're gonna do it?
I think 824 votes on that poll, we gotta help a shot to get to 1000.
If we get to 1000 by 2, Jack keeps his job at the Marlins.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Can I push this SWAT machine both?
Can you push it?
Yeah, I'm in Orlando and I'm hoping this passes if I could come down there and vote for it.
I would mind me a lot closer and boasting as a CIPPy drive,
and this unrelated gaming with the votes and the Indians, I've been good at Tampa,
and I've been a hard rock for like 15 years.
I never won anything decent over there.
Yeah.
Now if you go somewhere where they have a gaming commission and the machines are regulated,
you've got a chance because I've gone to the Boatsy and done real well.
And this passes, you know, I wouldn't hesitate driving a South Florida.
Well, I actually like to bring a lot of money, man.
Yeah, even if it didn't get to the school, I think of the economy.
I mean, it's a win-win situation.
Hey, man.
But can I say something here about TV?
Go ahead.
So you know, Channel 10 with your college wide-loader there,
did you know anybody named Jackson Stoyshuff?
Did it work there?
No.
Well, you wrote a story on someone week 41 of the station,
and that's about local six.
That's in Orlando, station.
It's got her and the guy who's worked for CBS, that Martin McEwan.
They do the morning news here.
Yeah.
Okay, have a great day, Pally.
Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight,
and the town five, six, seven, and a horizon.
And what about, oh, we said that people in Tampa and Orlando,
every time we hear from them for, I mean, the guy's a good guy,
and makes a good point, great.
And why is it they think that we care about Tampa or Orlando,
radio TV, shortwave, internet?
I mean, why do we care?
Do we care?
No.
Why do they think that?
Because they're there.
They care.
We don't.
Like that crap about, oh, what a great natural rivalry
between Tampa and Miami.
Oh, right.
Give me a break.
Cracker, please.
Nobody can hear me.
Hello.
Yeah.
I want to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, one thing about the race referendum,
I'm up in Palm Beach, I can't vote, I wish I could.
Right.
The rest of the state, I don't know if people realize
what a big impact horse racing in Florida is with O'Calla.
There's a lot of breeding.
That is correct.
Huge industry in it would be a shot in the arm
for the local horses.
I mean, they'll have a purchase with added money
for Florida brits.
It'll be great for the industry.
The body of racing in Florida will be like a big league,
instead of like bush league like it is now.
Like they're going to be really good,
a person's going to bring the horses in here.
Right.
And it'll be really good for the industry here in Florida,
which is billions of dollars on an issue.
You got it.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot, pal.
See, the problem with that is that other than people
in the industry themselves, nobody really cares about that.
Because most people only care about their own ox,
their own horse.
But it happens to be true.
A fantastic for the people involved in that industry
in the breeding part and in the racing part and the owning part,
and the all the other associated stuff that goes along with it part.
See, I'm not saying that there aren't any negatives.
You can always find some legitimate negative to anything.
But in this one, the positive is how way the negatives
buy so far.
I think I'm going to eat a lot of extra bacon every morning.
You know what?
All right.
Because it really gives me the reps really good.
Oh, yeah.
They've been really good to the bubbles.
Here's some good news, by the way, speaking of good.
First it was LA, then it was Chicago,
and now it's the Bureau of Queens in New York City.
The nation's largest retailer, Walmart,
has been forcibly thrown out of the nation's three largest cities.
Oh, right.
Due to its low wages, bad benefits, and anti-worker policies.
Hallelujah.
The latest Egyptian came from February 23
when they were not a realty trust decided to develop a large shopping complex in the Bureau.
But without a 132,000 square foot Walmart as its centerpiece.
Walmart denied it had a deal with her not all,
but it was contradicted by community leaders
and the chairman of the New York City Council's land use committee,
which must approve such deals.
Oh, they wouldn't lie to us, would they?
We welcome for now to this decision that Walmart,
let me try it again.
We'll not be part of its development in Queens,
it's stored Applebaum, president of the retail wholesale and department store union,
part of the United Food and Commercial Workers.
UFCW is leading a nationwide draft to unionize Walmart,
and to publicize its low wages,
bad benefits, labor, law breaking, and discrimination on the job.
Any developer should hesitate to consider including Walmart and future plans.
Walmart's detrimental impact on communities where they operate stores will continue to generate,
strong opposition whenever they attempt to open Applebaum added.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Oh, that's what it was like.
I thought it was rhetorical.
Oh, working families in New York simply cannot afford the high cost that comes with Walmart's promise of low prices.
Walmart's low wages and benefits and their willingness to break labor laws,
not only hurt their own employees, but for pressurized employers who play by the rules.
We expect this is not the last we've heard from Walmart in the city,
and New Yorkers will be ready to protect our communities and stand up to this bully,
no matter how they try to sneak in next Applebaum warned.
A Walmart spokeswoman said the million-worker Arkansas headquartered BMO still seeks a site in New York City.
Well, screw them, okay, screw you, Walmart, we hate you like poison.
How do you like that?
We hate you like arsenic.
You obnoxious disgusting, gray-roving bastards you.
846 votes.
We got a shot.
Not, I don't think so, huh?
What do we got?
50 minutes?
Yeah.
For 154 votes, that's like three a minute.
Do you think that's going to happen?
It's possible, but we could do it if you put your nose to the grindstone,
if you hop down to your Raju's.com, if you cared enough to send you very best or worse or anything in between,
how would you vote or did you vote in today's slot machine referendum?
And considering the fact that we had 200 to start at 10 o'clock,
because I changed the poll 845, this should have been like falling off a log.
You see what I mean?
Right?
Even though our Maple Leaf program director and operations manager are trying to blue sky us all,
oh, everything's just fine.
We're just like starting in all half-day-of-right.
Right.
It was a heavy Hispanic trend, right?
You've butchered us, menu, pillorydusts.
You've hellerydusts.
847 votes.
Yes, 490.
No 54.
Can't vote 158.
Don't give me Schmidt 112.
Won't vote 33.
33 adamant bastards.
Here's a facts.
Greg and Carl Springs.
I voted today for slot machines and why not?
He says all the arguments advanced by those opposed to slot machines,
crime, the fate of the dogs, etc. can be easily addressed by proper state enforcement of existing laws.
As for the schools, the real crisis in education and the state is caused by the governor
and his lockstep legislators help out on cutting taxes without seeking new revenue sources.
But let's face it, at the source of the opposition to all gambling laws in the state
is the neo-pureton, right wing, fundamentalist, Christian, Republican right.
Oi!
It is a moral opposition as nothing to do with any real-world facts and reality.
It's nothing more than just one segment of our population judging the rest of the world's
best of us as morally deficient and trying to convert us to their beliefs by capturing our government
and creating a new governmental theocracy.
This is Greg.
On the lighter side, happy 29 years is the chief spokesman for Santa the R community
and fully for George, we're not remembering your anniversary last week.
Full video, George.
Yeah, he talked about it via my back though.
That's right.
I was about to forgive him for all his trespasses because he puts on our beloved suds, then I'll not force you.
I'll give him a break.
I'll give him off the whole time.
It's a bit of my calendar.
What do you mean by that?
I looked at it that's almost like remembering, right?
It was on your coal-andered?
Yeah.
You put some pasta through it?
That's strange.
Yeah, but that's what I heard.
12 minutes after 105, 60 WQM, the main man, Anthony Kelly and what acceptance capital mortgage knows
that paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash,
and investing in real estate, all of these things are at the top of your list.
Now, Florida's one of the hottest real estate markets in the US, so it just doesn't make any sense at all
to keep so much equity tied up in your house or pay those high interest rates.
The main man is partnering with kids in distress, helping abuse and neglect in children's sound photo for 25 years,
and this year his staff is donating a portion of their commission on every closed loan for this worthy cause.
With six kids of his own, the main man also important being a parent is called the main man, Anthony Kelly and though,
at AAA483 loan.
That's one AAA483 loan.
Or what are the main, or mainman.com online for your application out there on that website.
No matter what your situation is, you'll find a solution for you and get the deal done right.
Forget about calling anybody else in the mortgage business call Anthony Kelly and though,
the main man tool free is 1-888-483 loan.
That's 1-888-483-L-O-A-N.
Excuse me, Tim.
Roger.
Exclusive.
I'm 16.
Q-A-N.
I don't have a quote.
Remember the Iraqi celebrations as they voted for the first time January 30th.
Remember those images, voters, hold under index fingers high.
Purple ink on the fingertips, proofing they had voted.
One hour, you two can feel the pride, courage and excitement they felt.
With Crayola's new fingertip coloring shift.
Hey look, my fingertip is purple and I feel so proud and courageous.
Each kit comes complete with a vial of purple ink and easy to follow instructions.
Wow, you've got a purple fingertip too.
You must be proud, courageous and excited.
Yeah, hell.
Hey, your fingertip is brown.
Uh, yeah.
Always give it to a boy.
Yeah.
Crayola's new fingertip coloring.
Hey, and your fingertip is green?
Uh, yeah.
I'm Pericilton's boyfriend.
Yeah.
Just 1995 in the Yards and Crafts section of your favorite department store.
Hey, you see that broad, just a beard who boobies there in the zoo and a protest friend, Charles?
I saw the picture, but they, of course, on Yahoo, they have scared it.
Right.
But yes, you know, she looks like some kind of a Yahoo, she's from the zoo and she was, she was, well, the picture that I saw.
Yeah, yeah, she's a real nasty looking down under type.
Anyway, whatever you like, I'll look at her.
If I see a big bazoomas though, that's right.
You couldn't really be sure, but we got a chance, big of boobs.
We got a shot.
We got a 85.
We need a 115 votes by two o'clock to get to 1000.
Just in honor of my 29th anniversary, it would be nice.
Wouldn't it if these people really cared enough to like make the effort to take 30 seconds to go and click on a thing there and vote to be nice?
Speaking of crooks, what did I always tell you about John McCain?
Did not tell you was a big phony, a big total phony?
Mm-hmm.
Senator John McCain pressed the cable company's case for pricing changes with regulators at the same time a tax exam group that he's worked with since its founding solicited 200 grand and contributions from the company.
Help from McCain who argues for a ridding politics of big money, included giving the CEO of cable vision systems corp, the opportunity to testify before a Senate committee,
writing a letter of support to the FCC and asking other cable companies to support so-called alacard pricing.
McCain's assistance in 2003 and for was sandwiched around two donations of 100 grand each from the cable vision of the Reform Institute.
The tax exam group that tops McCain's views and has showcased him at events since his unsuccessful 2000 presidential campaign.
The group also pays 110 grand a year to McCain's chief political adviser Rick Davis who ran the senators 2000 presidential campaign.
Cable vision's money accounted for 15% of the institutes fundraising in 2003 according to its most recent tax filing.
How do you like that?
Another one on the payroll.
They're all a bunch of crooks man.
They're all a bunch of horrors ready to sell their ass to the highest bidder including John McCain, Mr. Gritty Tushos.
Plus fix that cheek will you please John start to get on my nerves.
What do we got?
893.
Okay, I think we're going to do it.
Josh's job is hanging in the balance here.
I don't want to put any pressure on him.
Two of them.
Three of them.
Internet job.
Right.
Sitting on his ass eating a free food job there and then of course the Marlon job.
That's the most important one.
That's where the big bucks come from, right Josh?
That's right.
From sitting right there holding Dave Ann Boring's hand during the broadcast and panting them on the head.
It's okay now to see where the piece during the game and as he take it off.
The hair piece.
Oh, I'm sorry because I thought maybe he had like pat him on head because he probably hears about all these terrible things I've said.
I've said about him all of which are true.
How terminally boring and incompetent he is.
The Marlins are just one of the world's series.
The world's driving.
You know, huh?
I mean, you know it's true.
I don't expect you to say anything.
Right?
He'd say that.
That's what I'm saying.
I don't expect him to say nothing.
I just want to like, you know, make him think about it.
You're telling me.
What about Roxy Bernstein?
What about him?
You haven't met him yet?
Nope.
Is he like a young guy?
Like about 15?
20?
I don't know.
For so far they're the initial word on him as he sounds just like gilded.
Like somebody sliced his nuts off at birth.
Why 9?
We know who that is for sure.
QAM Hello.
Hello.
Where's there any doubt?
No.
WQA.
I know I wasn't.
It was just another nut.
QAM Hello.
George Blows in his show.
WQAM Hello.
Not there.
5670560.
Boy, you folks have had a real difficult time with it last few weeks.
I'll tell you.
I understand that election put a lot of people into a deep depression in our audience especially.
But you're going to have to snap out of it sooner or later.
Sooner or later, man.
Get with it.
WQA.
Hello.
I just wanted to say I just voted yes for Slot.
Excellent.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
I was just thinking we haven't had one lady call in.
And the moment I punched her up there she was.
I thought that my physical powers again just shocked the living crap out of me, man.
It's amazing.
I haven't thought about that all day.
We had a few faxes from some ladies out there, right?
Right.
But she's the first lady call we had all day.
And she voted yes.
Yes.
Yes.
She said it in mind.
Yes votes today.
People against the vote no tomorrow.
You got to those seven o'clock tonight by the way we'll get out there and vote.
And the one great thing about it like that Julio that called in from wherever he was.
You know, it took him like 45 seconds.
The old in and out.
If I can say that.
Can I say it?
No.
The old and yeah.
WQA.
Hello.
QA.
Hello.
I knew I knew, buddy.
Pretty good, Pally.
Question for you.
You guys played a song a long time ago cracked me up.
It was that golden, the guilty song or whatever and it was making fun of them.
That was one of the funniest songs.
Do you have that?
Do you play that?
I can play it all day as a matter of fact.
Yeah, that'd be great, man.
It's a riot.
Okay, Pally.
Thanks, man.
Bye.
Don't step on Jolly, whatever you do.
Gailby.
Gailby.
Talking on a board show.
Gail.
Gail.
No.
Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here of girl.
A little sports host, you.
What else are you there for?
Gailby.
Gailby.
Gailby.
Talking like a baby.
Gail.
Who needs a little draining?
I can't you understand.
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber band.
That choke.
Your throat comes, Gailby.
Gailby.
Gailby.
Gailby.
Gailby.
Your lovely management doesn't help.
Cause Gailby.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Gailby.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Gail.
Gailby.
Gailby.
When you're gonna grow up.
You make us want to grow up.
You silly, sweet people.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your pretty, stupid, voice makes you sound like the fun.
That's your love.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
Gail.
123F560WQM915 votes.
We're gonna do it baby.
We're gonna save Josh's all three of his jobs.
How do you like that?
You.
How do you like them apples, man?
So many times we get like, bail his ass out.
You know what?
Internet, that's what my told me.
Internet passes radio for political news as this way to survey.
How do you like that?
I told you radios in trouble baby.
That's why I gotta get on that serious.
I'm serious.
When that'd be great if we could like keep this gig and then get on that thing too.
It looks like that's gonna happen with something alike.
Yeah.
And we can actually talk to like living.
Can you imagine the impact that we can actually have on like living and reading people?
Outside of South Florida, not that we don't appreciate our fine and very astute audience,
but nevertheless, when that'd be great, it'd be great.
Holy and moly, man, Batman.
The internet surpassed radio as a source for political news in the U.S. last year as more people
went online like Neil Rogers.com, which is why we try our very best.
Josh is working his ass off to get those stories on it.
The ones that I pick out, the ones about how the Israelis are busy of which are in a Palestinian's, those stories.
Right?
That's right.
What I just say.
Anyway, more people went online to keep up with the presidential election campaign,
and quote a new report released over the weekend.
29% of U.S. adults use the internet to get political news last year.
According to the Pew Internet and American Life Project, that's up from 4% in 1996 and 18% in 2000.
4% to 18% to 29% is grown like topsy, man, by leaps and bounds.
Television remains a dominant medium for most voters, unfortunately.
But 18% said they got most of their political news from the internet compared with 17%
who said they tuned to radio for their news.
For those with a broadband connection to home, they even had rivaled newspapers and importance.
How do you like that?
Thank God.
Instead of that propaganda, they get from the right-wing newspapers.
Most internet users surveyed, said they voted to be like Republican President Bush.
But supporters of John Kerry were more likely to say the internet helped them settle on a candidate.
Okay?
Most internet users surveyed, said they voted to be like Bush.
But supporters of Kerry said they were more likely to say the internet helped them settle on a candidate.
Do you understand that?
Not really, though.
No.
The nonpartisan Pew Internet and American Life Project survey,
2200 US adults between November 4 and November 24 of 19,
2,00, 2004 in the Parkland and Perture.
I'll last you.
So there you go.
The internet is growing like crazy because more and more people are starting to search for the truth.
You won't find truth on your TV news or guarantee you that whether it's Bob Sheeper or Dan Rather or Tom Broca or Brian Williams or Frick and Peter Jennings or any of these other, or the Nazis on Fox,
you can be damn sure of that.
Or Wolf Blitzkrieg.
I love this story.
Man tried to reason with attacking chimps.
You see this?
No.
San Francisco, a lot of wild animals out there, man.
A man who was severely mulled by two chimpanzees in an animal sanctuary last week,
was quickly overwhelmed when the ape's attack his wife said yesterday.
One was at his head, one was at his foot, but all that time he was trying to reason with them,
a sobbing Ladonna Davis told ABC's Good Morning America.
I couldn't do anything.
He was trying to reason with the chimps.
He must be watching passions too much.
He must have a thing for a pace of what's your name?
Prudence, patience.
What's the chimp?
The orangutan.
Whatever your name is.
Precious.
Precious.
How do you know that?
For the new talk about it.
Holy moly, that's bad.
Davis 64-year-old has been St. James Davis.
That's what it says.
We're visiting animal and haven ranch in your Bakus Field Thursday when two male chimps escaped their enclosure and attacked a couple.
When we made eye contact, the charge was on Ladonna Davis.
He said, there was no stuffing.
Anything in the big chimped came around from behind me.
Pushed me into my husband.
The male came around from behind and chopped off my thumb.
My husband must have realized we were in deep trouble because he pushed me backward at that time.
They both went for him.
St. James Davis, that's his name.
62 lost all the fingers from both hands.
And I, part of his nose, cheek, lips, and part of his butt hot,
in the ferocious attack his wife said over the weekend on NBC's Today Show.
She also said one of his feet was mutilated.
A current county sheriff's commander also said his genitals were mauled.
Lordy.
St. James Davis has been treated at Loma Linda University Medical Center,
where doctors were trying to keep his breathing constant.
His wife said, that's all they can tell me, but I told them that he can't leave me has to be strong.
The Davis' were visiting the sanctuary to celebrate the birthday of Moe.
Moe.
Dodo, do-do-do.
A 39-year-old chimpanzee was taken from their home in West Kavina and L.A.
Suburb after biting off part of woman's finger in 1999.
They were celebrating Moe's birthday.
Dodo, do-do-do.
Authorities were continuing to investigate how the two chimps named Ali and Buddy got loose.
Both were shot and killed during the attack.
Test results yesterday showed the two chimps did not have rabbis.
They were both going.
Dodo, do-do-do.
How do you like that, huh?
God.
A chimped named Moe.
28 after one at five, 60 W.
He came speaking of that Moe.
Dodo, do-do-do.
A two man dog at four.
If you're in a market for a new car or truck, just don't put it off one more minute.
Get yourself out of Armstrong Ford or Homestead because right now,
you can get behind the wheel of a new O5 Ford.
If you want super low financing or cashback, Armstrong Ford or Homestead is got you deal.
For a limited time, get 0% finance.
You're going to brand new focus or F-150 Super Crew.
Get 0.9% of the escape or crown Victoria.
If you prefer cashback, how about this?
How about three grand back on the Ford Freestyle Mini-van?
4,000 back on the Ford F-650 truck or $5,000 cashback on the F-750 truck.
If you're in the military, if you have a relative or in the military, no matter if it's active duty,
reservist National Guard or Coast Guard, Armstrong Ford or Homestead is proud to offer you a military appreciation discount.
Only when you buy from Armstrong Ford when you get to exclusive tires, parts, and batteries for life program plus a free Florida sum pass to boot, eh?
David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee you the best price and they will treat you great because being locally owned and operated, you just know they want to make you a customer for life.
Armstrong Ford or Homestead, they're just 20 easy minutes drive south of the 836.
Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com, and then drive a few extra miles and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You are listening to Neil Roger's exclusive link on 560.
You're all on it.
Get a ride.
Hello, Jenny. I just lost 15 pounds.
I'm 75 to go.
Just me, Ali.
How do you know it's me that did all I need?
Ruh, better put that battery in me down.
And it went for a teeny, and it was not idea.
I say, yeah, it's baby.
When am I getting like this, it's new and getting craved because you're being around.
I like to consider myself playing in the wrong.
You're still pretty in your late writing shirt.
Hey, I'm just down sexy in your triple ex-bago skirt.
Actually not a little skirt.
It's torn, plain.
Sexy, evening.
I see what's the deal in it's half a hit.
See me show.
Go, go, go, go.
Badass, badass, badass, badass.
All that rock could be dope.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Let your naked shy, you think you'll love her the slow.
Go, go, go, go.
You're my case.
Girl, we're a boy and we don't care how much you wrote.
Go, go, go, go.
Girl, tell me you're being at the set.
Girl, you're still pretty girl and you got that all but sexy girl.
Oh yeah, she's pretty, all right.
Pretty disgusting.
She's got a TV show.
I was channel surfing last night about 10 o'clock and there she was.
That lasted about a few seconds.
And it was it, I didn't dive it across from there.
I can track that programed it out of my TV.
We'll not watch it.
That is one disgusting beast.
954 votes.
We got a shot.
We got 27 minutes and we need like 46.
What do you think?
That's less than two a minute, right?
Right.
On our pool.
And so far, other than the ones that don't care, don't give a shmit, won't go, can't go,
and just don't care generally about life.
Yes, 551, no 62.
Pretty tight.
Here's a fact from Deborah who says I have to say the best thing about voting for me is it's in the first Christian church of Fort Lauderdale.
Maybe if the referendum passes will set up slots in their wrecked room.
Oh, I wonder what they're doing in the rectum room.
Down with the dope, Sevo, he has a lovely adabra.
Thank you very much, sweetheart.
She's a woman out there.
They're busy voting.
That's why they're not calling me busy out there doing their thing.
Well, good.
Doing something.
5670560.
Pound 560 on a horizon.
What about how much the chimp is doing?
That is incredible.
What do you mean, Omo?
I learned something from that story.
And what was that?
The chip comes out.
You make a fist real tight with both hands.
Really?
And then guard your privates.
Or how about like run like a son of a bitch who would be the guy who had a lawyer doing that?
But I have no idea they went for your fingers.
Oh, they go for your birthday.
Apparently.
They don't leave nothing out.
Anything that's like hanging out.
I ball.
Well, I would.
WQA and hello.
Hi.
I kind of have a baby.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe it.
Listen, I'm a dog lover.
So I've got a vote now on this.
Oh, wow.
Because the greyhounds are exploited and I don't want to see that happen.
OK, grey.
I'm very happy for you.
Go out to 10 greyhounds.
OK, lady.
I'm so sick of that crap.
All right.
I'm so just nauseated with that.
You know, people that want to continue finding excuse.
Call off the pe- they peed at people, all right?
Maybe you can like a march.
You can demonstrate.
Once we have the slots in which we will.
At all the fair, am Ijles, you can demonstrate.
WQA and hello.
Deal.
Happy anniversary.
Thank you so much.
Hey, listen.
I'm over here.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
I'm going to get my phone.
Now you can bang the Bible and me!
Check my website for appointment availability on JeffGannonsMailHooker.com.
Take me as I am or for less than a big full of dollars more.
I can satisfy most fetishes including reading passages from Bill O'Reilly's latest text novels
while dressed as a Catholic schoolgirl.
If you long to feel closer to God by saying,
Oh God, that's good.
Let JeffGannons erect his people on your shirt.
Guess what?
What?
Here is Johnny.
Guess who had a bad phone was hospitalized for a mile concussion after a phone in his home?
Hey, old Ed McMahon.
You are correct sir.
I'll call for a minute.
Johnny Carson's former psychic Ed McMahon, rock solid, was hospitalized after a phone his verbally holds...
After a phone his verbally holds home left him with a mild concussion.
A gash in his head that required stitches as publicists said yesterday.
Oh no, here's Eddie.
Get up Ed, come on.
You drunk?
Yeah, maybe that's why I failed on you think.
Mr. McMahon's prognosis is excellent.
He's expected to be released from the hospital next few days.
Said, spokeswoman Susan Dubal, the name of the LA area hospital, wasn't disclosed.
McMahon, who turned 82 on Sunday, tripped in felt Friday afternoon.
And underline, all this happened some start issue, hold from his heart, you say, routine procedure, it's gonna be fine.
Okay?
Oh, we're fine.
McMahon had to make a big stimulus about it on the CNN, because there ain't nothing else going on.
Just a bunch of dead people in Iraq and stuff like that.
You know, a similar cram, old stuff.
We got our thousand votes plus, thank you.
Oh yeah, we did it.
That was easy, like falling off a log, you know?
Like fact, we're falling off a log.
We did it!
Thousand five already, and we still got like 14 minutes.
So what's not to like, right?
Right.
So I'm thinking out of that, not out of Johnny.
Let's just play this directly to the show.
What are you saying?
Oh yeah.
Here.
Johnny.
W.A.M., hello.
Although maybe we'll hear from some more animal lovers before the end of the show.
Q.A.M., hello.
Quintet, I have an animal lover call.
Okay.
I'm taking the opposite view that if the dog tracks and horse tracks are making a fortune on the slots,
that they'll probably cut down on the races.
But that's a good point.
In fact, that was one of the things the dog tracks said that they would have to race the dogs
and have a lot less because the person will be increased so much.
Oh yeah.
If everyone's going to the slots, the people going to the dogs are going to be even less.
So they may even, who knows, they may be able to cut out the dogs.
What they're saying is the dogs would have to race a lot less also because the first money will be increased so much.
Yeah, I agree with you.
If they even phased it out in place, they're just having all slots.
There you go.
So they're taking the wrong tag thing and that it's bad for the dogs.
If anything, it helps the animal.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Thanks a lot.
Oh yeah.
And here's Johnny.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
How about F-E-V-R-M much Mr. Bush?
Okay.
I haven't played that in a long time.
That's a good one.
Let's play the right.
We will.
Trust me.
It's coming.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, it seems a lot of people are showing up.
I even saw at the post-cheat's Brodom.
Chief's Brodom.
Now, okay.
What does that mean?
I think it was supposed to be funny.
Who's Chief Brodom?
I don't know.
Chief's Brodom?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil, how's it going?
Okay, Pally.
Good.
Good.
Just got done vote.
Yes.
And over 10th of September, I was left at 75 there.
And how was it going, Airman?
How in big crowd?
Well, they told me out.
Real big.
I was a big crowd of one.
But the guy did tell me that they had a better show up.
Then he expected.
So that was good to hear.
Yeah.
Hopefully they're all yes or most of them are yes.
But about that lady they call.
I was thinking, how about a stage match?
Let's get the real mole.
Let's get Moldemunkey.
Let's get her and the little doggy and a little bite to the death.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Thanks, Pally.
The mole, I think about it the more I like it, you understand?
Right.
Well, I look at where he does that.
Don't you think?
That's absolutely right.
He does it.
Don't forget Moldemun.
That's where he doesn't do it.
It's just our, well, it's our mode of the death.
There's a whole lot of people who are going to get the mole.
Oh, speaking of Mose,
Arnold Schwarzenegger wants to ban on school junk food.
First of all, he wants to ban steroids from baseball,
which I think is most amusing.
There'll be like Reg Reed banning incompetence from radio management.
And Arnold wants steroids ban in baseball, you know,
who admits to have taken more steroids and curders got pills.
Now, Arnold wants to pump up his state students with vegetables,
fresh fruits, and milk.
Pump it up, baby.
First of all, we at California this year introducing legislation.
They would ban all the sale of junk food in the school,
so he said during a Q&A session with fans,
on the final day of the Arnold Classic,
the annual bodybuilding contest that bears his name,
sounds kind of gay to me.
He said junk food would be pulled from school vending machines
in favor of healthier foods, including fruits and vegetables.
And of course, in California, they'll have no shortage of fruits.
Well, speaking of that, how's Mark Foley doing?
And by the way, did I talk about the fact that Charlie Christ,
called in the Tampa radio station?
I think we had that story a few weeks ago,
didn't I?
The fact that he's gay, yeah.
It's not a rumor, Charlie.
It's a fact, okay?
Mark Foley, representative from West Palm Beach,
who's one of these silliest flamers,
whoever came down the pike,
and Charlie Christ, your attorney general,
who's talking about running for governor.
Wouldn't it be something if we had Charlie Christ,
we had a gay governor,
and then you get Condoleezer running against swillery, huh?
Oh, please.
I think it's part of that homosexual agenda, if you ask me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6,
when the way he keeps saying, oh, please.
Now, of course, if it's Hillary and Condoleezer, listen to me.
You see, either cracker please,
or if you think about Hillary or...
Bitchy.
151 at 5, 60, WQA, I mean, he fell down.
What a surprise, huh?
Of all the people, you'd expect to fall down.
He might be the one.
I think God was punishing him, man.
Of course, look what happened in the clerk,
both of that publisher's clearing a house,
whatever that sweepstakes graph is.
Right.
All I phony, baloney, crap.
Oh, you just won $80,000 if you subscribe to these
500 magazines.
Not.
Look at that, a $1044 votes.
You can rest easy.
Josh, your jobs are all secure.
Well, thank the Lord.
Until the next time.
No, we'll give him a little hiatus in there, okay?
We'll give him like a little grace period.
Josh Corness is going to go out and vote today.
He just doesn't want to go on.
He doesn't want to go on record.
He's doing it.
He's afraid of my piss off the Marlins organization.
Nothing is going to be dog lovers.
Right.
That's right.
He doesn't want to pee over the dirt.
Now, do you have a dog?
No, you don't have a dog, do you?
I do.
Do you?
In your place?
Well, I've been living back at home right now, but I'm...
Right.
And what kind of a dog is it?
I have a pit bull.
How big of a pardon?
It's a very tame, you know.
It's all in the owner.
Very small.
It's a runt.
Oh.
It's a what?
It's a runt.
Don't say it again.
A $1044.
Are you talking about that woman I called in the dog lover?
Did you make a comment about her?
I can't comment.
I have no idea how big she is.
Well, we had thought we saved your job, but guess what?
A $1044 votes.
How did you or will you vote on today's slot machine?
Referendum.
Yes!
610.
You got to seven o'clock, by the way, okay?
Don't let these crazy go.
I'm tired.
Keep South Florida in the dark ages.
Okay, please, please.
An honor of my 29th anniversary idea go out and vote yes 29 times.
1049 votes.
610.
Yes.
Only 70.
No.
Can't vote 193.
Don't give a shmit 133.
And 43 slikers.
You just won't vote.
Just because they're lazy and shifless in the pile of crap.
Anyway, we got more coming up next.
And mad dog is full.
Bye bye bye!
