like that was way to respond and i was responding but you guys want to put the
impact is a much of idiots but they got a right for two days
yes i'm jackass but which is not the only one so some people lost their
entire life savings gambling so let's set all the tracks down let's have all
the casinos and vagas down let's have all the bars down because there's a few
drunks and that stuff just makes me want to puke yeah this is uh... one
commissioner voted against it because
she had a relative she didn't even know who the relative was
too freaking bad okay well by it will send him a lonely sandwich i want her to
produce that relative yeah produce this on a kating and by the way you said
march eighth and date also enbrouwered on the same day yeah
counties will pass over one million will have it by the end of the year whether
a certain uh... fundamentalist lunatics like it or not too bad you know what though
and they don't go on even in in date county you know they tried to and run book
was lobbyists for the uh... for the tracks he just called their bluff so to speak
because he said you know they wanted to put it off to the twenty second he wanted
on the same day in both counties uh... it's important for the campaign or do you
see what they try to do they try to sneak a uh... uh... uh...
salary increase for themselves in there on the same vote yeah which is why they
wanted to push it back right and they got side track on it is no way Jose get lost
and he and they lost he called their bluff just as a protest against kate
sorenson i'm going to would buy a two o'clock speaking of bluff i think i'll
say goodbye to him before i leave
you know
uh...
you know he's left on all right you didn't finish the schedule and that's what i
was trying to interrupt you on yeah well if the state of the seven the interchangeable
parts and get to seven attendances tbd to be determined oh i don't even get a
schedule around here tb8 to be announced
with that clock in the morning we still have the idea where it's so who's been
to be on it seven of the night well they usually bring in the big o
right because he's one guy who doesn't mind working at triple shift
rock solid yeah he'll he'll do anything yep that's what does it
so anyway how cold is it up there it's uh... minus twenty four cell
yes i don't know what that is fair and height but it's uh... it's called enough to
freeze your nose right up on your face you ever go out now you are you're going
out of two o'clock this afternoon yeah but my camera regular camp i he picks me up
right in front of the building so walk about five feet by guy and then he drops
me right at the entrance to the casino would buy and so walk another eight feet
and that'll be a nice and it's nice and the comfortable in there just like in
Vegas they won't keep it comfortable so keep plunge in your guts out all day
how about the people who were brought buying the fountain will we're also going
to build a hotel in Las Vegas good for them so maybe we'll get a casino in the
fountain who sounds good could be another place to get a comp be long overdue i'll
tell you that yeah so how about Katie sorrows and Katie last Sunday my wheel of
fortune wheel of fortune red seven for three grand i guess i guess i'll keep me going
other day-to-day yeah just hold on to your teach
yeah that's down there in fact we're down there just put them in a glass
while you're plunge in your guts out i'm sorry to insure it on your time if the pot
was open it would have been my time take another two and a half hours because
one o'clock we got the ratings coming out hey oh that's right that today's the
big day don't forget about that yeah but that that's my old time that's
gonna be in that book so make sure that your book is clear off your phone about one
fifteen will give you college you know how everybody did yeah i better i'll be
listening i know where to go to get that don't forget Atlanta wins big time Sunday
and of course the Patriots twenty seven two uh ten i'm thinking i'm i'm
opazion both games really yes you think the stelers are gonna be them huh i think
they'll cover oh get out of here i think the line is wrong let me ask you this if
the high scoring calls only scored three points against uh new England how are
the stelers gonna do anything with the rookie quarterback uh the senior
previously the rookie quarterback quarterback will be handing the ball off all day
and the difference between those two teams is that the stelers have an offensive line that'll
knock you back and they have a defensive line you can't run on they've been playing pretty
lousy last four or five weeks uh yeah they just keep winning marginal i know but they've been
playing pretty marginal there we go ahead going in there is not gonna be easy for new England
and as far as uh fill it up you know land i don't like it landed all i like that i like to
fill it up your bear and i like wow the dog okay well we'll see uh the last time i know as
a teeth right the last time because this is gambling the last time an underdog was a three point
dog or higher you have to go all the way way back to 1981 that's a big number for a home dog
in a championship game yeah and that was the uh sanford cisco game where right Clark caught that
pass in the end zone from montana you know that was before joker assume yes and his playmate uh huh gay
you have a great day meal you too and i don't lose too much this weekend i'm gonna be in their
plunging and we'll have the ratings for a one fifteen hobby year listening well we'll send a
prayer for us all right now yeah otherwise they'll all be saying cottage there you go even though we're
working for a bunch of good right you first uh i got a cool head the number one rating the
most holiday day but it is shown in the name at least according to my aspirations they're
away from it i don't even know how you have children there are all hello yeah i want your take on
jpegler oh jpegler is a great court of acting a good joke oh yeah well in not the mention he's got
to extraordinary smooth detoxes oh yeah thank you more no no wait a minute don't go but i have
nothing else to say yeah how about this i was going down there in amerama i'm right down the street
from you i have to go oh wait oh wait by the way no no i have to go i tell you what i'll hold
you hold it up right how's that i'll give you one of my hold the tank t-shirts how's that
no way that worked the only color we had the things on your nose is blowing again
blowing
the
not your thing
don't
take up it
And the fear I don't read, a road cast up, yet still in me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, me, son, way too shy, shy, shy, shy, shy.
My nose glows when something stays,
through almost every day I take.
And my veins, as they start to tingle,
I add an ointment to the torture, torture,
yeah, I look like a polo, a bag,
and for a couple 20-old five,
with an old dress with white gold veins.
And I get to have a good life,
and I do all kinds of things,
and I get to have a good family.
I always have a reason,
like all day.
No.
I swear I can't.
107 on 5.6K.
Every QM, happy Friday.
It's a big day, it's the momentous day.
A National Prayer Service going on right now.
El President altar Laura Bush pretending,
but, of course, believe you mean we all need prayers,
or is it the other way around.
We haven't got to prayer,
with espashes in there again.
I'm going to tell you, I had to wassidiously try to avoid all day yesterday, all afternoon,
all evening, any of the trappings of this, and boy, you talk about a coronation, even
Dan Radley, like waxing, I mean, trying to make up for last time, I guess.
Well, it's important we do things like this in the evening.
Just oozing with effusive praise and all the wonderful things about this tremendous ceremony,
how could you not be choked up and blah, blah, blah, blah, and all this other garbage,
as they kept the protesters, of course, at a very safe distance.
How has choked up?
Yeah, I'm choked right now as a matter of fact.
To the pop and circumstance that gets down.
Pop and circumstance, that's exactly what it is.
Fit for royalty, that's what they want.
They don't want the presidency, they want the crown, they want to be king and queen.
Maybe Jeff Garcia for queen.
Yeah.
Anyways, eight minutes after 10, we got about three hours, no one to two, we got that ratings
arm, and the far rating book comes out.
Oh, man, everybody in a business will be glued to their radio.
We ought to do pretty good, I would think, huh?
I think.
Because actually, the shows that had really a horrendous, I mean, a bad September.
That was the hurricane month, when there were like seven diaries and all six people from
IOD, got the diaries, IOD listeners.
They're going to be dropping off that big month, the Lord Aslim Ball and Tom Schnittmeister,
whatever that deal is.
They're going to be losing a huge month, because this is October and November, December.
They fall rating period for all your ratings and offices out there.
Wouldn't you think that most of our audience have some expertise in this by now?
Their experts.
You know, these.
Why are those phones ringing frantically now?
I'm not even going to say, oh, here's the actual schedule.
Oh, geez.
Geez Louise, it's got mad dog 2 to 4, Mohawar davidate.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'd go to 4 to 7.
And guilty 7 to 10, a couple nights, and then we got, oh, we got Curtis Stevenson
tonight 7 to 10.
Curtis does a good job.
He's much better around the year than that one spot he does where he sounds like Lenny
Martez.
You know, despite this, or that strip club or whatever.
Gold fingers.
Oh, man.
Curtis just, you know, lose it down a little bit.
Sounds a little bit too effusive there.
Where did that work come from?
I don't know.
Every news has certain words like, like, uh, prayer aisle.
Yeah.
I'm still embarrassed about that.
Why do I use words that I can't pronounce?
I know what they mean, right?
But why would you, if you're on the radio, why would you use a word that you have an idea
to prompt?
You know, I'm reading one of these articles, one of these bedtime stories and has a
word and they're nothing I can do about it.
But I like to introduce that word myself.
Because I think prayer aisle, however you say it, is it's like a step beyond child or
just beyond juvenile or like our management at QAM.
Why not is always a good show starter?
QAM, hello.
Hi, I just wanted to tell you a meal that this is a lady caller that listens to you every
day.
And yeah, and on your recommendation, I went and I rented Requiem for a dream, even though
it's definitely not my normal type of movie.
Right.
It was very good, very powerful, yet depressing, but very, very good.
Right.
So I just want to tell you that.
How serious do you?
Yeah.
So have a great day, Neil.
And I like to work.
He does a great job when you're gone.
And don't forget, make a sandwich for a juridly, though he can use one.
Yeah.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Let's start off with a lady.
That's shocking.
That really is.
Isn't that amazing?
That is a lady.
Can't even see my beautiful dream.
You really miss it out.
Do it.
I don't care what Mickey or anybody else says.
It's a, it is depressing.
She's right about that.
Very morbid and depressing.
But it's what he looks like and how food he can relate to it.
Plus, you can write to all those old parts.
All those pathetic old parts there.
Oh yeah.
I'll text in a little more.
I'll be from the same movie.
Come on.
I like you doing that.
You want to do what I'm doing.
I wouldn't believe it.
I'm sorry.
You're like you trying to delete that and start it in a minute.
There you go.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm talking about you again.
I'm talking about you again.
I'm talking about you again.
I don't know if you're, well, I'm sure he's not Jewish.
But in that movie that I was talking about, what the hell was
the name of that again?
Last of the high kings that Irish movie where he's running around naked.
You could almost find out if he was Jewish in that movie.
And that one scene anyway.
Okay.
Our poll from yesterday, we'll do that after the break.
We gotta get the break in.
And we're just going to fake our way up till one o'clock.
Because when it's ratings day, we don't like one.
You're being the immaterial, right?
Right.
Just fake our way through.
I can't believe that Hank has picked up the two Pennsylvania teams.
He's going to be a foot of snow by the way and filled it off.
On the Sunday.
I don't know about Pittsburgh, but I would imagine they have quite a bit too.
Patriots can handle that.
In fact, the two snow games I can think of, they both won.
They won both of those.
The two big snow games.
They always play greatness snow to pictures.
And of course, the Steelers are used to it too.
But they're gaming filled it off.
A foot of snow on the ground and also in the stands they're saying,
I don't know how that's going to work out.
You're going to have to bring your own broom to like sweep out an area in front of your seat
and wipe off your seat.
You know what I mean?
Oh, right.
What do you mean?
It's going to be a mess.
But that's great.
Those are the kind of classic games.
You'll love this.
It's like an off track.
We don't have much of that anymore because the new surfaces are like so artsy, farty, and so on.
Back in the slop, man.
That's when I love tourist racing.
When a track is like neat up to the horse's knees and mud and muck.
And they're splashing, sloshing their way through the stretch.
10-13.
Zam got this gambling thing.
You started me with the ice cream yesterday.
And now Hank's got me going with a gambling thing.
I got the speaking of addictions in that poll yesterday.
Bad influences here.
Bad influences.
I'm going to plunge my guts out.
Just to spite what's your name?
Katie Soran.
I have a big bowl of ice cream while you're playing the slide.
Did I yesterday?
Nestle's turtle with the little chunks that's new and with little chunks of turtle ice cream.
It only comes in half gallons.
Actually, it's two liters, so it's a little more than a half a gallon.
So what I did is I put it in a microwave, 66 seconds, softening up to a great consistency.
And just sat there watching TV other than the present, of course.
And then when I was just disgusted with how much I ate, I ran it under the hot water faucet through the rest out.
Did we do that?
No.
Let's see, that's because you're not addicted to a sugar and crap like that.
Oh yeah, you got to do that once in a while.
Yeah.
When you go out and you buy something that you can't eat all of it or you shouldn't eat all of it,
you really shouldn't eat any of it.
But you just run the sink and you run the hot water over it and just make it uninitable.
And then you toss it out.
Because if I would put the rest in the freezer out of the end last night,
I'd love to be like six hundred right now if I did on that.
I would have been unable to continue.
10, 14, at 5, 60, WQ way up.
Deal?
God?
Hey, for real?
By the way, son, I've been given it some thoughts.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that be a new, in a new, much better, go with six to ten,
and not in five, a gentile in the cranky dude.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got out of happy, really bad.
Strap on to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to.
I'd rather die with the graphics together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big, lucky dude, a Brooklyn high.
I've been waiting for everybody but you.
You're not tight tight.
We involved in that with love.
The way that is we had a fight.
That you'd survive.
Who'd wanna hear a gentile in pushing tight.
That's crappy together.
The show would do with me.
For me, this much better, six to ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Be happy to take it day, my precious life.
Happy to take it day, my precious life.
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
What's wrong with that baby?
Rumor that I'm hearing is a Gary Sarner converted guilty in his orthodox.
And that's why he won't work on Friday night.
He can't work on Shavas after Sunday.
That's why I have to turn to Sunday night.
Is that what you're hearing?
Yeah, I just heard that.
In my way, guilty, quitting him cheeseburgers, okay, especially those baking cheeseburgers, Gary better tell you what's trache.
I heard a rumor that Gary Sarner had a baking cheeseburger at Wendy's.
Could be just an nasty rumor.
1019 at 560 WDQM and I am full of vinegar and whatever goes with it today.
I'm going to say that right now.
I got that piggy.
You know, it's the same thing as the Colts game.
Nobody wants to give the patrons any.
There are only one, two to the last three super bowls.
They've lost three games in about 75,000 games.
But oh, yeah, okay, what do you guys say?
Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday.
Other than sex, what do you consider your number one addiction?
And isn't it interesting that the one category we had on there that was sex-related was pornography?
And guess what one?
Pornography.
How about that?
188 said they were addicted to porn.
Oh, now that's part of the American guilt trip.
Just because you enjoy pornography doesn't mean you're addicted to it, but nevertheless, 188.
Alcohol, 180.
Oh, yeah, I knew somebody that couldn't buy any that had to sell his teeth because he was an alcoholic
and he was down and out on his luck.
That Katie Sorenson, man, what a silly ass bitch.
Thanks, Scott, the number on that.
Yeah, they really try.
I got the story here.
They try to put a pay raise for themselves on the same ballot.
So they wanted to move the date back and the industry of people that they were like negotiating
with said, uh-uh, oh, okay.
Uh-uh.
Marijuana 175.
Cigarettes 161.
Junk food 126.
Here's mine, sugar 124.
Right on the heels of junk food.
Oh, boy, when I got that Nestle, it's all your fault.
It was the hardest thing for my mind was ice cream.
Sure of hoover today.
Until you start talking about mine.
I'm fastened.
Today I'm going to do like a gildy and gerry sarner.
I'm doing you I'm kipper today.
Make up for missing the real one.
You're fastened.
We're feasting.
Okay, have a good time.
Why you got food in there?
No, we're just we're mulling over where to get it from is not a fact.
Sugar 124.
Television 101.
They're addicted to the tube.
Look what's on the tube right now.
The national pithes will have their praying force and believe me, this long cave in the air is not very bad in the Nazis.
We need all the prayers we can get.
Prader.
Oh, God.
Oh, brother, get out of here with a crap.
Television 101.
The internet 97.
The addicted to Neil Rogers.
89.
Oh, God.
Thank God for them.
I don't have any of these in 76 liars.
Your full a crap.
I don't believe any of you sports 69 caffeine 63 computer slash video games 59 strip clubs 29 including at goal fingers that Curtis says that great spot for.
Gambling 24 complaining 22.
Yeah, that's a that's a self-ful of a hobby man.
That's part of the territory when they make it.
The game of the event.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I got to pay for that.
I wanted free.
Yeah.
22 complaining fitness 19 cocaine 19.
I don't think they go hand in hand.
Do they?
Yeah.
Sagar just forget about it.
Well, your leader looked pretty fit and tight there in the Requiem.
Didn't he?
He always looks fit to me.
But he was so good in that other movie.
He's just a fine man.
Oh, cigars 18 to Godfather 15.
We got.
Oh, let's play all the themes.
What do you say?
Do it.
I'm going to be great.
I'll get that idea right.
It's a rating time.
Heroin 14.
Religion 5 and chapter of the screen.
We have our audience throughout their chat list.
Most of our audience is too old to be in chat rooms.
Except for a miss-common.
And if you don't like that, then there's always.
And last but not least, the 8 ones.
So that's our poor result yesterday.
15 people are addicted to the Godfather.
I would say that I'm pretty close.
Because when that thing comes on air,
is that it?
Is that the one we see?
Andy and Pipe.
No, this is the new one.
Oh, fight either.
Yeah.
And what's that the Wiesman-Gel one, Argyre?
It's not the Wiesman-Gel one.
It's not the Wiesman-Gel one.
It's the new one.
It's the new ones.
It's not him, though.
It be ill.
It's some...
it's some grease balls in the Wiesman-Gel.
It's some grease balls in the Wiesman-Gel.
Oh!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Just a little taste for those 15 people addicted to the Godfather.
you know who that sounds a little bit like sounds like Anthony remember when Anthony is
sang to his father yeah and godfather the three oh boy you just are such a hard
answer about godfather three right I still say I still insist I'm a hard to ask myself
on it that the story of the Vatican banking scandal and the corrupt priest and
the poisoning of the priest that's a fairly interesting story that no other movie
dared to deal with they didn't know Gibson didn't cut that one it was brave and
compelling I wish they'd put it in a good movie I see okay let's see we got
the Carmella the Caesar runner again they haven't even looked at the picture
they could be so busy with crap so busy trying to get the board option and
open up my product 958 well why is that such a difficult thing I'm sitting here
I'm talking to Hank and he's like you know it's not a difficult thing yeah oh look
at that yeah I saved the best for Friday how girl Carmella if you like the
first four wait till you see this one right and then Monday will have like all
next week the media criminal feature the top five and vote we took the other day
this was all pervert worthy of the original one with her unless you got one it's
even the this one is just phenomenal boy I'm sure that I discovered her
man bring her into the studio sometimes since your child's
man he makes Jessica Simpson look like a water bottle
oh geez yeah she is really something this is by far in a way the best picture
Carmella so if you like the first four or if you're like fairly aroused by
those watch out when you get to your computer bring a towel okay here's our
poll today what historical event you least believe could have happened you know
what I voted for the reelection absolutely I still I still don't believe it I
know it had I see that headline in the London Daily Mirror you're denial how
can 60 million people be so stupid but I just can't believe it I mean everything
that he did was wrong a lie I disaster the e-bag my own I mean just don't
forget even make a joke about over those weapons it over here no weapons over
here you know joke out of all these people are dying over there Americans and
Iraqis and Brits and everybody else and it's like a big joke yeah yeah you
know and then this whole social security thing even to Republicans did this
hasn't got a child in chance in hell that he wants to divert all your social
security all your young pumps out there your social security investments to his
billionaire and millionaire friends in Wall Street he put in the stock market
how about bringing to the track would be a better chance at least they have a
good time there God what a lunatic and they reelected it it's just amazing to
me shocking a great revelation about America and a really great reason not to be
there most of the time thank the Lord reelection and well here's what we got
so far we got some votes because I switched that poll when I released expect that
one is that of course a whole bunch of other things on here during the day
that's a little bit a little some pretty to one they always need a little
something to one one historical event you least believe could have happened and
look at that reelection George W Bush is leading with 14 how do you like that oh
my god that's what I say the resurrection of Jesus seven all the religion
starker like that they're not gonna like that the Jesus Christ is gonna be really
PO the resurrection of Jesus seven my piazza gets married six yeah I have a
tough time with that one to wait till Jeff Garcia gets married to Carmelo
this is your then you're really gonna be when I should be safe right nine eleven
six man walks on the moon three assassinations of the sixties want to put them
all together in the day RFK and Jok and MLK and last and so far least with no
votes to be it not more of the first 51 votes just a smattering on it okay 10
twenty eight we'll get to the heavy duty stuff will take about 40 million
calls we'll talk about poor bill caused me they won't stop picking on poor bill
caused me man see this is getting even with him for those awful jealous spots
not to mention that awful show with a hostables I mean that was bad enough for
those awful jealous spots payback's a bitch Billy
he pays from 10 to 2 on 5.60 WQ AM Miami courtlarter
school later parklstein was just an ordinary receiver student until like
a full day out let's see some kind of radioactive spider what am I over here
little miss Muffet indeed it was no ordinary spider and he is no ordinary
superhero he is spider man you want I should shoot spider webs out of my
wrists hey we're a hundred and fourteen million opening weekend I shoot the
hilt the fish out of my pocket spider man villains fear him women desire him I
mean I love you I will thank you I got it wholesale the two free
pairs of tight I know a guy spider man instilling guilt in the hearts of
evil doers I had take off a device I'm sure you're making your palm on the
very proud spider man now showing in theaters everywhere I forget kill you
the gossiate fun time even 10 to 1 at 5.60 WQ I'm happy you're
right to you thank you thank you what did you know that Michael Powell was
stepping down when you stop did I tell you about that people to show that's
I'm making a point of that in 8 facts is multi-page facts is in the
yeah we know Michael Powell is his last day today at the chairman of the FCC it's
not going to make a damn bit of difference in the Waltzini journals that
article later would make you puke your guts out because the wall street
journal is so right wing and sucks up in like crazy I'll get to it we don't
miss a thing on his show okay just relax we even know where that guy is who has
got his teeth busy in the glass the Katie sorenson's long lost uncle what
is his name is red Solomon wQ a hello no no yes sir how's it going okay so far
yesterday I was listening to most for a few minutes yeah and I heard some
caller called up and kind of in a roundabout way started blowing started
slowly but they just ended up ripping mo and asking him why he's just so bad
and he went into detail and he just know just listen to him took it came up with
some stupid answers that made him look even more stupid yeah he's always got a
great comeback not exactly but I couldn't but it must have been for at least 10
minutes the guy just ripped him off he let him on the line probably was his
only call like that bit I played yeah I think we should happy that the guy kept
talking yeah that's gonna be our new year's resolution even though it's the 21st
of January's the rip him and asses as long as we have to have him on this year
great day pali thank you you too rip mo mo that's what I say don't you
no yeah rip mo mo in 2005 30 Q a hello Q I M
hey now again I got an offer for George and for Josh they want to free lunch to
put me out hold I'll hook them up with you free lunch today from where from the
Q on a taxi company in Davie new Mexican restaurant just opened a couple of
months ago okay okay so I'm going to hang on pali hang on all right good as
you're lunch see we don't mess around with you when it comes to free food or the
experts we have the expertise baby I've been sucking free food up for years in
this time and that's why it's good thing I'm not there although that ice cream
he did to me yesterday it was just I'm paying a wicked price for it right now
I blood sugar I did when I use that little machine if you heard me I think of my
blood sugar this morning on the machine no because it just is tilt when I go
it does that little thing for about five seconds then instead of a number coming up
this is tilt not a good sign WQ and hello
you know yes sir good morning when is this what about on great movie lines
one-liners for example you ate the only space with the fishes I'll be back
something like that I think we've done that we've done that what yeah one
nighters you know one more thing best place for a vacation your suggestion to
Ronald Montreal or San Francisco when you're going August Montreal Montreal
yeah all right buddy the food is great man you love it all right thanks
no we have enough pain in the S Americans here already in Toronto we don't want
no Montreal is a really fabulous city you'd like it a lot very bohemian
counting you know cool fat what I said cool all they said cold no not all of us
can't be about the only time to go because right now it's minus 35 Celsius is
the temperature there it's a toasty minus 24 Celsius in Toronto so we're like
11 degrees I won't say warmer but less it's it's brutal it is just
absolutely brutal I don't know how I'm gonna make those five steps from the
door to the cab this afternoon five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
from the Verizon and singular wireless line WQ and hello
and nail yes sir pretty good how about Q and get to get it for your bowl
what is the work of it yeah but that but oh I see well that didn't happen yet
but that's a good one I have a good and I'll believe it when I see it thanks a
lot of palying Q a m gets its egg together what is the work of that you least
believe it could have happened one yeah because it has it happen but what huh now
what is crowd running the place no chance on a scale of zero give it like
minus infinity if you put in a expression
Cosby cancels Broward Center shows the wake of sex allegations poor Bill Cosby
you know he starts ripping out of those shards is there and right away they're
all over his ass you think it's that or you think it's because of the fact
they just don't like those yellow spots there's always got to be a reason you
know like Scott Ritter remember the weapons inspector right everything that
is credit him and then Joseph Wilson they outed his wife because they didn't
like what he said about that phony yellow cake crap
and now Bill Cosby he's next to and Dan Radder same thing the reason is he
grabbed their head for us is that what it is I think so well what's wrong with
a handful oh and Jesse Jackson was on there they do talk about a guy
squirming talking about the guy to the thing about the moral values and all
the old brother wow how's that love child doing Jesse yeah somebody was
asking him about Bill Cosby's he was on there with some you know the point counterpoint thing
and he's trying to go out about this some spin on moral values and morality and this and that
and he's got this freaking love child how the hell is he gonna well be talking about that huh
so we try to like spin it off into some other direction which is why he got that bitch pregnant
the first place he was spinning in her direction anyway can we even Bill Cosby
his postponed shows in three cities including four lottery all through the weekend
citing personal reasons what could those be the announcement follows revelations that a female
acquaintance of Cosby has made an allegation against him that is profite police investigation
in pencil of vania the entertainers of turning an LA said yesterday attorney waller
water Philip said he spoke with authorities in pencil venue told him they have begun
investigation he wouldn't discuss these specifically the allegation which he called utterly
preposterous but it's sad something to do with the old but but it says it amounts to if
the most inappropriate touching right don't write little ass what's wrong with grab it a little
ass huh or a big ass now I mean nobody wants to grab well now I take that back while you
Latinos want to grab a big ass I forgot about the flutters as long as we're speaking English
like jaylo want to grab that big fat disgusting pimply ass so that hers no charges have been brought
against Cosby Philip said the accused are lives in Canada oh geez no it's Cosby and the
legends and the question happened about a year ago I thought nobody would tell police and
chelten him township pencil vania filofia suburb where Cosby has a home declined to comment I know
the first making the accusation hasn't been contacted by the authorities Philip sent a telephone
new movie the AP from his office in filfodopia we're hopeful optimistic that no charges will be
brought forward Dave selby a spokesman with a Durham regional police and Durham Ontario I have no
idea where that is said police had passed on allegations from a woman there to authorities in
Pennsylvania but declined to confirm what they involved Cosby the anonymous woman has always
caused me an invite to her back to his home after meeting with a pencil vania restaurant and gave
her pills that made her dizzy after she complained of stress and tension oh oh sounds like what they
did to poor uh revassister there what tells her name on guiding light and I'm gonna take you
something right now if the soap operas have to give cancel thank god for a global haven't
passion just today man because of that damn inauguration what kind of a communist bunch of crap is
that and the network said they're just with that effusive phrase just sucking and so please don't
take our license away please don't make us fire our aim or news anchors please don't do this and
don't do that yeah man oh man that was a coronation yesterday the most disgusting 40 million dollars
down the toilet 50 whatever who's yeah plus on top of the 75 million they wasted on a penis
gate there and we can't say that that's a news thing okay plus it's a it's a elongated word
long the anonymous woman that's right she gave it a pill she ledges she admits her memory about
what happened next on the night and last year anywhere it's fuzzy but she ledges that
caused me touch your breast and placed her hand on his genitals see this isn't just a little grab
a little ass mr hot shot placed her hand on his genitals and they complaint made the Toronto police
it must be like around here what is it time again Durham oh yeah must be like around here
how much they play hockey there uh which was it's all they do here which was passed to fill it
off the authorities who investigate the woman also claims she woke around 4 a.m. the following
with her clothing and this array and her bra undone oh no oh maybe she just was tossing the
turning all night like Bobby Lewis said remember that no you remember that song of sing and turning
you remember that song you know i'll play stupid man Cosby's it could just cause you ate it
at a venny's one day you got well been out of shape George hasn't recovered from that great breakfast
of Denny's best over out of shape oh my oh man that's what she was maybe he didn't place her
hand anywhere maybe she was like staggering around a little bit she was drunk and forgot what she
caused these accusers states he didn't report the incident immediately because you would
consider might affect her standing at Temple University and fill it up where she worked he
works in temple so it's a Jewish thing i think Cosby's not been charged in the case yet the funny
man postponed the town hall meeting Cleveland Thursday's post-polling three upcoming shows two
and four lottery one in Daytona as publicist David Broca said Broca wouldn't say whether they post
moments have anything to do with the allegation but you can only yeah just put six and eight
together performances scheduled at four and seven p.m. at the brouhred center for a lottery will be
rescheduled for an as yet to underterm end date quote a statement from the theater tickets for
a sundays for a lot of performances maybe help exchange later or return to the place of purchase
for refunds like that yeah according to the brouhred center now so Bill first of all why would
you want to go see Bill Cosby anyway is he funny no is he like interesting no I mean why would
you want to pay to go see him in the first place will you go see him me man you don't need me like
fifty thousand a minute to go see Bill Cosby what a little kid I'd stay for like two three minutes
he's gonna be alright he's exclusive
I'm 60
he ain't ever
you
you
you
you
you
you
the
okay
love
I'll be fine, yeah
And you play, you play
Lights just spicy
Not mine, yeah
Peace and trouble, it will save our own yeah
What's up with that, baby?
The big part of Clinton's team
Hey, yeah
The body of the man
This was not MLK's dream
You're a damn uncomfortable guy
You're a damn uncomfortable guy
You're a damn uncomfortable guy
The obel offense with his hoochie girl
I mean, what's too bad right?
Expensive suit and brand new cherry girl
Baby, you give it a little waste back
In the limo he gave her world
You'll be fine, yeah
What makes you wanna her?
Just his girl, the love and shine
Yeah
Got the body of baby suit
Willed no more favors
Be fine, yeah
If you're walking around and ready
She lights it spicy
Not mine, yeah
But I need some more money
Peace and trouble, it will save our own yeah
You be coming at every money
The big part of Clinton's team
Yeah
You be looking for something to play
With his balance beat
Yeah
Well, I can choose pink
And this was not MLK's dream
You were something I read with money
Just to get with it
Is it my imagination or did that skip around a little bit of the big thing?
Did you get it then?
Well, we're not gonna find that this, I'm not gonna read that bad
I mean, I don't worry about that
I'm not gonna worry about it, nobody's gonna know that this is better
You just get my mouth shut
That was probably back in the day where my CD decks were starting to like be ill
And a little bit
10.47 at 5.60 WDQM about 2 hours and 13 minutes away from those fall ratings
Coming out
Now Stern just did a say, gave us a parting gift as they used to send
Equations, parting gifts to just a parting, a parting gift
And we had like, you know, good morning
And we should be, I would think, rock solid
And the afternoon should be just fine as one
We might have some bonus money coming our way
Yeah, I hope
I hope you guys there at the pool and I don't see anything about QM getting its act together on a pool
But, currently out of it, Josh is probably real busy
And he can't even get the football games this weekend
QM gets its act together, that's the only one we've had called in
Right, do you see it on here?
Not yet
Oh, what historical event do you least believe could have happened?
I may be not qualified
Because these are ones that at least alleged happened, I don't know, anybody would say that
But, it did for fun, QM gets its act together
That many people who are masochists and love misery and suffering
Resurrection of Jesus, speaking of that, 37
9-11-18, Mike Piazza gets married, 11, it's happening this month
In Miami, man walks on the moon six, assassinations of the 60s, two
And the Vietnam War has got the big one
So that's what we got so far
I've mentioned that QM gets its act together, it's going to be on it pretty soon, don't you think?
Oh, it's on it, oh, it didn't mean votes yet
Now, what's your pornography for this weekend for the two games?
I'm not betting against New England, what?
I'm not betting against New England, I think the Falcon can do it
Yeah, so we're like opposite Hank, Hank picked the two Pennsylvania teams, Philly and the Steelers
And we're picking the Falcons, of course at all the pens that they've got a foot of snow in there
Michael Vic may not be able to do his razzle dazzle, whatever he's doing, you know?
Well, that just means he's going to run it more
Yeah, that's true
Look out for Michael Vic, because he's pretty quick and I think he's going to stick it to the Eagles
The Eagles are really weak, man
Without T, uh, oh
I always thought when people said T-O they were talking about Terminal, but it came to find out it's T, the other guy
Who ain't going to be playing?
He's a busy making more spots with Nicola Cheereden and pissing off the right wingers
5-6705-60, Tom 5-60 on the Verizon Singular Riders lines
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Hi Neil, you're here
The outcome that I actually loved, I still can't believe it was OJ being acquitted
Oh yeah, that definitely needs to be on there
That was my bad, I think that was on the original pull that Sean fast me, yeah, OJ being acquitted
All right, come great day
Thanks a lot, Colin
Yeah, how come I left that off of there?
We forgot
Uh, I'm maybe, no, that wasn't his pull, somebody else fast me that pull idea, I think
Or, no, that was my pull, where did that come from, George?
I don't know, I wrote it down yesterday, somebody I think passed that in
OJ gets acquitted, oh brother
So that was real
Yeah, surrealism, I remember we were on the year when the rookie, remember at IOD?
We were shocked, and all I could say was
Oh man, yeah, over and over
Oh man, oh man, oh man
How suddenly do I matter was she getting her act together?
Hey, guess what?
What?
Michael Powell is going to resign
Oh no, not the chairman of the FCNC
Anyway, before we get to that, we should go to that, well take a couple more calls because they're frantic
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Yeah, how about putting the Holocaust on their service?
So the British have something to vote for?
I always said Harry and why?
Right, the Harry and the Hate Longers
Oh, okay, the Holocaust
No, it doesn't belong on there
Sure
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Oh man, Bulge is lost
That was Pete Bulge, you believe me, I worked with him long enough, I know that voice
He lost it, Pete, W-D-Q-A-M, hello
Yeah, well that's because he knows the numbers are coming up
Yes sir
That one's for the Bulge
Okay
No is Arc
No is Arc is an excellent choice
Thank you, sir, I appreciate that
You have everything, okay
I still say, man, whoever had that cleanup concession on New York, I hope he had a big shovel
It's all I can tell you
They had the Elephantays and the Donkeys and the Tigers and the Lions and the Brontet Sources
And all the other tourists, can you even begin to imagine?
Right, the big bench, big shovel
Wow
Vote okay for slot machines in day, let's hear it
All right
I mean, you would think, talk about what a backwater state floor is
You'd think that like we were like inventing the wheel or something, and it's a big simist about this, you know
The Indians have been running their scam with their phony slot machines for a long time now
And now that the real things are coming in, oh my god, they only, you know
Like the world's got to come to an end
I'm going to tell you one more time, if Cassino's would have been in Florida like, what was the first election back in the 70s, I believe
For these last almost 30 years
About third man
My god, the economy would be booming
There would be jobs that would be like floating and ruling in money
The education system would have money up the old yin yang, but oh no
The Bible says, and all this other crap
Even though we got that dog racing and horse racing and harness racing and high lie and you name it poker
Where do you know, you like your poker?
But it's just madness
Well, you're trying to deal with such a bunch of backwater people
That's like the crowd from two-agumined right in the whole state
Including your fat ass governor there, the jebster, who was there yesterday taking pictures with his little brownie camera
And his little, like, a disposable brownie camera
Probably bought it at the Eckerds
He's the kind of guy that would look for an Eckerds that's still in business and go and shop there, you know
Him and Jack are here for a lot of common
Fat ass jab bush
Lier, he's a fricking liar
Anyway, after hours of discussion and nearly killed him agreement with the gambling industry
Mymeade commissioner said a marchator referred to him on slot machines at Permugials
Says the hero, so it might be true
Dave voters will have a chance on March 8th to decide whether LaWa's Vegas style slot machines at the first track dom track and highlight front on
Under a deal with the gambling industry approved yesterday by county commissioners
But the deal which commissioners extolled for potentially providing money from gambling proceeds for education
Almost veered off the track, that's not the race track
But the whatever that track is because commissioners also wanted to put a pay raise for themselves on the ballot
You talk about a lot of gole man, huh?
Is that the epitome of Kutzba?
No way, does he have a lot of Kutzba?
All of them, the whole bunch of them
The conflict created by the last minute proposal turned the meeting in nearly five hours of confusion
Back from negotiating and threats
In the end commissioners met the gambling industry's demands
They agreed to hold a special election asking voters to approve slots at Permugials for facilities March 8th, same day as Broward
And they backed away from a salary referendum which would have moved today to the vote and harmed the gambling industry's marketing plans
They called our bluff and we folded said Commissioner Dennis Moss, who had proposed placing the commissioners raises before the voters in March
He raised this, you idiot
We'll give you a raise right in your rectum
Moss doked that commissioners were poor gamblers
We need to stay away from the Permugials, he said
Yup, yup, yup
Voters can expect a barrage of advertising in both Dan and Broward
Which holds a slots referendum on the same date
Ha!
The Permugial industry spent $16.7 million on a statewide initiative in November
They put the slum machine plan in motion
It put the motion in the lotion and his expected amount of major campaign in coming weeks
Opponents
And unlikely to collect some anti-gambling activists, Indian casino owners who are just a bunch of pigs that want the whole thing for themselves
And gambling vote operators who want to slip you the Mickey who also want the whole thing for themselves
Also spent large sums before November election expected to oppose this one as well
I want you to stop thinking about the logic there, okay?
If you play a slot machine on a gand or cruise ship, then it's okay the world will not come to an end
Because Mickey will get your money, there will be not a dime of tax money going to anybody
Not one penny, will benefit anybody except going to his pocket, okay?
Or the other cruise ship people
Same with the Indian casino, they put all those shameful ads on before November election
About all the family, tourist images of Florida is going to go to hell in a hand basket
Even though they're running their own version of slasks with a bingo crap on top
And they're going to get to put these in anyway
But they don't want a nice chunk of the pie, they want the whole pie
You know, it's like it's Thanksgiving time and somebody puts a nice punky pie on the table
And some chaser comes along and he doesn't want a piece of the pie, he doesn't want to slice it up
He just grabs the whole pie and shoves his face in it
Man, that is disgusting. Anyway, executive director of no casino is Paul Ciego
Which raised 100 grand before the November election
All but concedes the slot machines are on the way to South Florida's tracks and front lines
It'll pass overwhelmingly in both counties and you know it just like it didn't November
See if we call slot machines the crack cocaine of gambling
Because of the redempting qualities he tried to persuade commissioners to delay the vote
Try to postpone the inevitable, that's what you tried to do Paul
Just postpone the inevitable, it's common man, whether you like it or not
Like the end of the world, it's common
And of course slot machines that'll probably be the end of the world as we knew it
Ciego is one of the few voices in opposition, hundreds of permissible employees and other interested parties were bust in
Turning the commission chambers into a sea of green vote for slots t-shirts
Commissioners voted 11 to 1 to put it on the ballot
Only commissioner Katie Sorensen was opposed and PP Diaz was in Washington, you know old PP?
No. Commissioners who supported the measure cited several reasons
Gambler, we out of our want to go through the whole thing, we already know that
The money is intended to offset the negative effects of gambling which include increased development, traffic, crime, congestion, potentially social service demands
Talking about 4 million dollars that covers the cost of whatever the election and et cetera
This article makes no sense. The discussions began yesterday
A relatively lighthearted man or even his commission chairman Joe Martinez squeezed some last-minute promises from the gambling industry
That the three-per-muchel facilities held powers pets during hurricane evacuations
And that they donate additional money to children's health care needs
But as the debate over the refer end became entangled with the commission salaries
You run book who represents the permuchels began huddling with his clients in classrooms and stairwells
Votes repeatedly declined to raise commission salaries which have remained at 6th grade since 1957
But Moss wanted to give it another try
Never say never, you know, sucks some money out of the public
Does he have a lot of goods?
We just said that
And he had support from several commissioners but enthusiasm weighing his commissioners realized the rules have required 60 days notice to put the raise on a ballot, pushing the election back to weeks
A new election date would hurt the industry's plans to run a single campaign for date and brown
Booked to commissioners to the brink threatening to pull out of the multi-million dollar deal if commissioners move their data
Sounds like me and Joyce with my negotiation, you know
We got the checks in the FedEx envelope Joyce, we're going to send it back to Naples
Oh please, don't send those checks, please can we get this deal about please, you know
What a bunch of phony below that's what mad dog should have done to them
I don't know why he's turned into such a worst you know
I mean he's under a lot of derestor right now we don't want to give him any crap
But he should have just read from the beginning right from the get go footest foot that said okay Joyce
Here's the way it is it's either my way or for or the highway for you right across the street bitch
I think he's leaving
Oh brother talk about a year of a lane duck
It's going to be a Roger's it's going to be a
This is the Neil Roger show
Any questions?
Hello this is Michael Powell, son of Colin Powell who helped us send me to this lofty position through certain
Full magical favors
I'd like to take this moment to talk about the field that we hear on the radio airways
And someday I might even turn the radio on to hear it myself
So I announced from this moment on all radio broadcasters of the nuclear-tattle corporation not adhering to the victims handed down by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush royalty
Lawyers and givers of life
Fathering sonning
We'll be stripped naked and medically sold together by Dr. Laura Mengele to a Jewish child
I urge you to stop this this center field the spicy pay for right?
I don't worry public is anti-Nazi vowel movement
It's 11.01 and I was a raspberry by the way for Michael Powell don't get nervous right we dumped it
You dumped it?
Well, Josh did and I concur
That sounded like a raspberry to me
Okay, I'll let it go whatever it was it was a raspberry
I'll just tap it off follow me do it tap it off
So there's a bit of a Michael Powell we headed up that how do you like that that proves my point wow
You talk about a self-fulfilling freaking prophecy man we had a dump thing because at the last
And it was what I sounded just like a raspberry was a strawberry was a boy a poison berry you think it was a rimshot get out of here
Anyway, and don't be faxing this anymore stories man history is big. We don't look like it's got up the facts machine Michael Powell's
Resigning
She we get how many trays that we have to chop down to make that facts paper
Two pages and we got to save our facts paper because we got those ratings coming to one o'clock
I got like a whole bunch of pages here, which I'm not going to read the whole thing because it's a suck job by the Wall Street Journal
After Michael Powell the right-wing Wall Street Journal the bad news is that we're told that Michael Powell one of Washington's better bureaucrats is calling it quits today
After for years that years at the home of the anxious FCC. There's that anxious word again
Humper you read it here first the good news is that is exit affords the Bush administration and opportunity to re-evaluate its
Stepchild treatment of telecom policy given the media coverage you might think mr. Powell's tenure has been a little about a little more than Janet Jackson's word
Or a malfunction and Howard Stern's potty mouth in fact mr. Powell has spent the past four years focused on much more substantive matters
We got in the governments world overseeing a telecommunication sector. That's never been more dynamic any audio
Audi Audi and it goes on about this and we put them up and broadband and then it would go to goes the baby bells
Now let's get to the part about
Oh, which brings us to the matter of potential replacements for the chairman as the member five member agency whether president Bush will squad
Or a chance to start taking telecom more seriously the White House decision last month to re-nominate democratic commissioner and Tom Daxial
Protoday the anxious Jonathan Edelstein was not a good start to say the least since he and fellow democratic commissioner Michael cops are reliable opponents of genuine competition
You see the Wall Street Journal can't stand the fact that there are two Democrats on the commission
There's five members three Republicans and two Democrats and the Wall Street Journal that's not good enough for them
Even though they're awful a crap. Let's see mr. Martin is getting for chairmanship. Who's mr. Martin or Kevin Martin?
But is the season in the unbuddling fight to put personal ambition about good policy split the commission
Health extend the telecom depression other possible names mentioned for the post-deck food Becky Klein former head of the Texas Public
Utility Commission Michael Gallagher of the National Telecommunications Information Administration and Janice Oba Kowski a telecom consultant
Who served in the Commerce Department under mr. Bush's father someone like former interstate commerce commission chairman
Darius Gaskins or former FTC commissioner chairman jimola would also be an excellent choice to keep the FCC on a
Deregulatory pass as the obnoxious Wall Street Journal or not even anxious
They're just obnoxious but you're right wing money grabbing losers losers. I hope you lose all your money
Okay, I hope the market goes down to like the big yeah every penny all you fools would have stock market crap anyway
This is an interesting story from Reno, Nevada, which I had this but it's now is the time to do it a 50-year-old Reno man
Who was hospitalized after he castrated himself oh my god told police he learned of the procedure on the internet
He did so to lower his libido
The man whose name was not released called 9 11 and about 1 30 Monday morning asked for help because he couldn't stop the bleeding from the self-castration
Operation police said see if it's on the internet just do it right right if it says
What a repriff and jump is a high and fast as you can just do it
He missed the part of this thing a red hot poker and stick it deep inside your recto must do it you'll enjoy it
Reno police and medics were spotted to the man's home. He was taken by ambulance to the hospital
Wash old medical center official cited privacy issues that they couldn't release any information on the man including his condition
But police said hospital officials confirmed Wednesday that the man successfully castrated himself
I'm not really sure what they mean by that but it was a successful operation when in doubt eat chopped it out
Demand obviously need some sort of counseling Reno police with enter Ron Donnelly a master of understatement told the real position
Yeah
Right I don't think he needs counseling needs. Oh, I can't say that. What do you think?
I'm sorry. Oh rhymes with weenie's Denmark charges five soldiers with Iraqi prisoner abuse
So Josh acordes dumped at the raspberry at the other day spot. I've got to have to like chop that off
Maybe I'll play it again now chop what off that's fart oh
You just put up the door dog
Copenhagen the Danish intelligence officer and four military policemen have been charged with abusive Iraqi prisoners
and Southern Iraq Danish news agency Ritzah reported today,
reserve captain Animate Hamel.
Ooh, Hamel.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
And four other soldiers could face up to one year
in prison to found guilty of breaking military law
during interrogations last year.
Hamel was sent home and gelathe him
right before her tour of duty was set up.
After former unit colleagues complained
about the wish he interrogated prisoners.
Maybe that's what that guy needs a new unit.
She's an idea-bused and marked has about 500 troops
in Southern Iraq near Bazar.
And by the way, there's a whole bunch more dead people
in Iraq, but nobody cares.
In fact, it's only making the crawl
on the talking head networks.
That's how much we were like, you know,
we've just been the sensitized to it.
They're just dying like crazy every day,
and we don't care.
Just another bomb, one of those bombings, you know.
That's all it was.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a Verizon and Singular Ritalis lines.
Big day-to-day ratings come out at the one,
mad dog at two, via Moe-myster.
For Curtis Stevenson and seven Eddie Kidz,
and a pristine line of no ball games,
no hockey games with Gell-D, sorry about that.
WNQAM, hello.
Yeah, that's good to meet you, please.
Speaking.
Meal.
A long time was the first time caller.
All right.
And I run across an old friend of yours,
and you saw who's dead.
I speak dead.
I thought he was dead?
Yeah, Spencer.
Oh.
The car washing that?
Right.
He's still washing cars.
I just saw him.
He was a little feminine.
I just saw him feminine, so go.
Yeah, I'm with what where was he?
He's over here in La Nare, washing cars.
I'll be there.
Well, that's good.
He turned his back on us.
He sold us down to River Old Spencer.
Well, he said he's going to call you if he wants to talk to you.
Yeah, well, I don't want to talk to him.
Thanks.
Spencer's still alive.
Remember that?
I do.
He came over.
Wasn't him when we went over to Paxton,
and he came over there, and there wasn't
enough business for him or something like that.
He made up a story about how he wasn't licensed to do there,
whatever.
What's happened to understand?
License?
Yeah.
You know, business license for a car wash guy.
I don't know.
Some crappy made up.
They're just one enough cars.
And of course, that cheap Jack Mark.
He probably didn't want to spend any money
to get his car wash.
He did a very impressive parking spot.
And of course, he died.
Jack Mark, right?
Yes, he did.
I'm just verifying that because anybody that treated
that so shabby and was such a hard ass,
that's what happens when you cross us.
And eventually, sooner or later, you're going to die.
I promise you that.
Eventually, you will die if you mess with us.
So, bug off.
Jack Mark and Spencer, go away Spencer.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
I thought it was somebody that we'd be happy to hear from.
You know, like, oh gee, isn't that great news that the so-and-so?
Mm-hmm.
Hold on down there.
WNQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, how's that treasurer island on Wednesday?
I saw George getting followed by a bunch.
OK, great.
WNQA and hello.
Yes, hi.
Let's talk about the Yacht Cosby situation.
The Cosby situation, OK?
Yeah.
Anybody, have you heard anything about this girl?
Is she, I mean, Cosby's worth like $300 million.
Isn't there a potential big payday there?
Right.
I mean, I understand.
You know, it's innocent of proven guilty.
You know, a Cosby may be a little freaky geeky,
but at the same time, he's a big target, is he not?
Yeah, of course.
OK, like I'm sure you would be.
Well, let me see.
Here's the deal.
I don't, this business is just jumping in conclusions.
I mean, there's a story.
She said this.
He didn't say anything yet.
And who the hell is?
I don't know.
Do you know?
No, I don't know.
But you're a target, you know.
You're not when you go out.
I mean, you've got to be thinking about that, right?
Thinking about what?
As a celebrity, you know, somebody saying, say, you know,
say you're out at a bar, whatever.
And you have a couple of drinks with somebody, whatever.
So you can grab their generals while I
would be very believable, probably, if they look good.
Yeah, I'm OK, probably.
Someone who is possibly accused now,
I just hope that the public doesn't jump to conclusions
like to do with everybody else in the city of New York.
You were falsely accused?
Yes, I was, sir.
Of what?
I was in our in college many moons ago.
And there was a student who was, well, she was emotionally
disturbed.
And she was failing our courses.
And she was a smart girl.
Right.
And she decided that, oh, easy target, one of the resident
advisors.
She said that I had assaulted her.
And of course, I was vindicated.
But not after seven months of being dragged.
She had a problem.
I don't know how to take this personally.
But why was it Michigan State?
We hated the RA.
But then I guess that's true everywhere.
There's a certain amount of resentment to her.
Well, yeah, the resentment of the lawyers
and I did is to put me through college.
Unfortunately, I don't get to tell you about it.
I just suggested that, you know, probably there
were a lot of people who didn't like the RA.
You know, so he had extra motive.
Yeah, I was cool.
RA, OK?
I was a real cool.
RA.
OK, good.
I believe you.
Yeah, I have a great day, man.
All those things go through the ratings.
OK, great.
Cross your fingers and your legs.
Say a prayer for Bill Cosby.
J-L-O-J-E-L-L-O.
How's that go?
That putting into it?
I don't know how that goes.
I don't know.
Putting pops all that Jell-O crap.
I just don't like Bill Cosby.
I mean, yeah, I'm pleased that he said a lot of stuff.
He's spoken out last year or two about things in the dark
community.
They need to be addressed.
Need to be said.
He's taken a lot of crap for that.
But, you know, whatever your take is on that,
that's a aside from this.
Plus, we don't know if this is a white chick, a black chick.
A, well, no, it's his.
I mean, since he's in the Toronto area,
could be anything.
I mean, you name it.
We got it.
We got Indians.
We got packers.
We got Filipinos.
We got the Italians.
We got Russians.
We got the, you name it loaded.
We got a few dark folks.
I mean, anything you could imagine.
We got it.
That's why I have to laugh my ass when they talk about,
well, soft-floor, there's such a multicultural area.
I'll give me a break.
Multicultural, my ass.
God.
You got basically three categories.
You got Latinos, Anglos, and dark folks.
That's it.
What else you got, dude?
They're not, and Jews are Anglos, man.
White folks, okay?
White folks, dark folks, and Latino folks.
Okay.
So you're saying it out from the Middle East.
You starting again when I do stuff?
I didn't start it.
Do you hear that?
Josh?
I did.
Boy, this man just cannot restrain.
And no wonder you like Prince Harry so much.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what it was that I'm from the Middle East.
I don't know why you like that Batonburg crowd there in England so much.
In fact, once instead of going to all these great places I would tell you about, go to London,
man.
Go visit fucking Impalace.
Boy.
Go visit the Queen.
And all the other queens hang on that joint.
Come in, it's half your 11 at 5, 60, double to QA.
And we got an hour and 40 minutes until raining's time.
Another rain is of course start downloading at 1.
But you know, it'll be very shortly thereafter.
They usually come racing in there.
Oh god, look at this.
We did great.
We did that crap, you know.
I had a bad mistake.
I left the building heat on all night while I was sleeping.
Bad idea.
Yeah, it is.
Because I got a little space heater, a very nice one, electric one in my bedroom, which
I only keep on when I'm sleeping over.
I'd keep it nice and toasty.
Or take the chilly edge off when it's 80 below zero.
But I kept the whole building heat on there.
Man, that is.
It just blows that garbage.
Man, it blows.
It blows.
No, it really does.
All of a sudden, how come the air conditioning doesn't do the same thing?
Is there a special reason you're the expert on this crap?
Because it's on more often.
So it's already blown out.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Well, the heat's been on here a couple of months.
When you think about it, all the schmutz would have gotten blown out.
You'd like that.
Plus I got my nice thing in the other room there.
What do they call that thing that I bought the...
I got the re-sidizer.
The poison breeze between your knees, it's great.
Hey, the emerald coast wants to wish everybody a happy new year.
And they're proud of when on, so you can still enjoy lobster fest at the coast.
Every Friday through Sunday.
Emerald coast is absolutely flotus number one Asian gourmet buffet.
And that's not just my opinion.
That's as written by Zagat restaurant reviews that people really know they're cramped.
In addition to Emerald coast, all you can eat buffet and all you can enjoy succulent,
juicy, main lobster, served thermidorous styles.
Start your mouth-routing experience with your choice of six different soups.
Try all of them, if you like.
Put a little bit in your purse.
Then sample dozens of oriental treats including fried snapper and Thai sweetened sour
sauce.
An old favorite whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce.
Also, enjoy their brand new suci bar featuring over 30 different items.
Boss, 30 men.
And after traveling all of this delicious fresh, good stuff down your throat plus a lot
of things I didn't even have time to talk about, Emerald coast has done incredible out
of the world dessert bar for you to try featuring ice cream with all your favorite toppings.
Tiramisu, those great little, uh, clears.
And a brand new state-of-the-art chocolate fondue fountain.
When in doubt, just let that stuff drip out.
Don't forget the Emerald coast from which healthy living cooking all of their fine cuisine
with cholesterol, free canola oil, no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
It's good for you.
There's just a ton of it and it's delicious too.
Emerald coast, three locations for you.
They're in sunrise.
Sunny Owls, beach and Pemberpines.
If you want to go pick out this weekend to celebrate QA's gigantic ratings that are
coming out one o'clock, head for the Emerald coast for reservations called 9-5-4-572-3822.
9-5-4-572-3822 and Richard at the Emerald coast would like me to remind you that it's January
21 and the Leaf still haven't lost a game.
You will listen to Neil Rogers, who is the winner of the Emerald coast.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Hey, dude.
Hey, baby.
She's not too bad.
No.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Hey, dude.
You've married life, get sad.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
You've married life, get sad.
You've married life, get sad.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey, dude.
Hey.
Oh, no.
Steve Bushimi sanate so Steve, the January issue of celebrity, the official magazine that the Church of Scientology celebrities centered international claims that one
Steven Bushimi has just completed the purification rundown procedure, it regimen of sil
treatments running and niacin for new inductees. Well niacin, you know, makes you flush.
Yeah, kind of like eating at the Burger King, it makes you flush a lot. A low-down
Scientology insider reports that it's the same controversial treatment that Tom Cruise
had been pushing on the New York firefighters as a detoxification treatment. Oh,
getting that closet in, Tom, maybe before somebody discovers. Yesterday,
Boshimi's PR tool low-down, I checked it out with him and it's 100% not true,
it's a different Steve Boshimi. Wow. A flat-footed celebrity center said it was
house policy not to confirm or deny anything unless a celebrity goes public. Also, it says,
looks like pop movie director Brett Ratner could be very creative to get what he wants,
chatting with him, I mean, new times about prospect of his panel Anthony Schreiber running for
governor of Florida. Ratner freely confesses, I lost my virginity by saying I was Bobby Kennedy,
Jr., you can't believe how that helped me get girls in bed when I was growing up. So if anybody
out there can't get laid, just tell him your Bobby Kennedy, Jr., it'll work like a charm. Unless,
of course, you're ugly or maybe just very poorly endowed or boast, whatever it might be.
Unless you don't have that Kennedy in development. We got a great story, Dick Clarkson bad
change. All right. We'll take some calls first. She has like bad news and good news,
he in the gang, right? God, he spends his still alive, but Dick Clarkson bad shapes,
they're kind of like, makes up for it. Because spending a small potatoes, he's like a hundred
now if that was true. Really? Oh yeah, I believe it, why would he make a story like that up?
One historical event, you least believe, couldn't happen. The re-election of George W. Bush 110.
The resurrection of Jesus 73. 9-11, you gotta believe, baby, you gotta have faith.
Gotta have faith. 9-11, 28. OJ gets a quid in 23. That's moving up there nicely.
QN gets his act together in 19. Yeah, we don't believe that because we know it'll ever happen.
Mike Piazza gets married 15. Mike Piazza is getting married in Miami January 31. Oh my god.
What do they say? Chris Ben Affleck, he was going to get married to about 40 times in the
happen. Man walks on the moon eight, Noah's Ark 7, the Stations of the 65, the Holocaust 4,
and Vietnam Wars only got one. So lamentate uno. WQAM, hello.
It's George, my friend. No, WQAM, hello.
Bill Cosby touched me. Well, maybe 50,000 with that to it.
Yeah. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil.
Yeah. Hey, you know, I can't believe you're a sound of it that he won the election.
I mean, we had bad machines. We had disenfranchised. We couldn't let the black people
rope that waited eight hours. It was, sure. Let me say this to you. I'm surprised that more than 10,000
people could have been that stupid devote for this lunatic, man. God, I'm stupid.
I'm both. You know, what is it? What is it? What is it? What does it say when the religious
writers in charge and his state of the union or his inaugural address is all about the war?
Yeah, right. There you go. You know what God said? Smite all your enemies, man.
And that's what we're doing. We're smiting all the evil doers.
You betcha. We're lucky, pal. See right at the border with some Jolo pops,
putting pops, whatever that crap is that he's been telling. Now, this is God getting evil with
Bill Crosby. I'm sorry to have that right now. I mean, I have anything to do with this racial
stuff he's been talking about, but that, you know, that awful show, the Bill Crosby show
with a Hustle of Crack. That was one of the work shows in the history of TV. I mean, just garbage.
I don't know. I don't know any black people who number one act like that. And number two, our name
Hustle of the. And number three, the Jello stuff that I mean, somebody's going to really punish his
ass. He's going to like burn and hell just for the Jello stuff. Plus, he's not funny. I mean, that's
that's on top of it. He was good and I spy with Robert Culp. That's a cop show. She didn't like it.
Right. But it was, it was a good show. He was very good. And how many years ago was that?
About third man.
Since then, not so good.
You are listening to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me
me step one step ahead.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
And
them
Care
And
And
And
You
Think
Everyone
They
Have
A
make it right with the Lord. Right. That is first to use. It sounds like that. Yeah.
Anyway, Dick Clark battles new medical setbacks since the National
Inquirer and the Inquirer don't make mistakes. Dick Clark is far
sicker than his millions of fans realized. I bet your Michael Moore is pleased
about it and so are we. Making peace. And now he's been, yeah, make peace with the
Lord before it's too late. Dick and now Dick Clark's been rocked by a new setback.
He's been rock solid. Rocked. Well, he was on American bands then all those years, huh?
Right. They both, they beloved entertainers suffers from type 2 diabetes and the
condition is hampering is recovered from stroke. The Inquirer has learned exclusively the
mega producer famed for his annual New Year's Eve show suffered two strokes and
succession at early December and was hospitalized more than a month later.
Was still hospitalized unable to talk or walk. The Inquirer has learned that I
beat his complicated treatment. It's really bad, especially when he
necessarily turned ice cream by the half gallon. He's a very sick man and the family is
scared, revealed a family friend. They're keeping quiet about how he's really
doing. Officially, they're saying he's on the man that he's doing just fine. Oh,
okay. He's virtually a prisoner tracking his own body. How do you like that? That'll
teach him to mess with Michael Moore. He's the prisoner. Yeah, he don't look like Patrick
when he went to me. I'll tell you that. But it does look like number two. He, they,
yeah, was just going to say that. Yeah, he looks exactly like number two. Yeah.
I just dumped it. I didn't. Yeah, I'm getting even a little bit. I thought I was the right choice,
Josh. I think back on as I reflect that with the right choice. When he's out,
dump it out. Not even close. It was not a raspberry. It was definitely a,
with a little screen. Yeah. Yeah.
A fun. In early January, in order to source, he still couldn't talk and was paralyzed. His
diabetes is compromising his chances of recovery. Oh, right. Diabetes are greatly increased,
have a risk of strokes and a diabetic who has a stroke is at a greater risk of dying or
becoming permanently disabled as a result of medical pervert experts. When a diabetic has a
stroke, the treatment of both conditions becomes more complicated and risky. Diabetes are
four more at risk for developing bleeding in the brain, a dangerous complication of new
clot-lusting stroke treatments. And certain drugs for diabetes have been linked to congestive
heart failure. The 75-year-old music legend Clark has been suffering from a type 2 diabetes
since 94, but waited until last year to public to disclose his medical condition as if it's like
some kind of a, like a, a dark mark on your soul or something. I mean, big deal. Waited to disclose
it. Everybody went on Larry King like, oh, what am I going to do now? Yeah, I'll remember that.
No, I don't watch Larry King. Well, I'm not saying you watched it, but you heard about it.
Yeah, I talked about it on a show. It was under like, oh, gee, I'm diabetic. Well, like big deal.
It's like saying I got blue eyes, you know. What's all? What are we going to do about it?
Like, everybody's supposed to like sit around and ring their hands because you got diabetes.
It's me. In April 2004, when he first spoke out about being diabetic, Dick said,
two thirds of the people with diabetes die of heart disease or stroke and that caused a big red
flag to jump up in my life. I said I got to be more serious about my exercise and diet.
A showbiz insider who has worked with Clark told the inquirer,
Dick's diabetic condition has interfered with the medicines that he would normally be prescribed
after a stroke because of his diabetes. He hasn't able to take full advantage of all the aggressive
new therapies which treat strokes. Diabetes also weakens the immune.
Crap, you know what? Diabetic skin looks like a hundred if they take care of it and don't eat too
much in this list, and especially not too much score ice cream. After being hospitalized,
it's saying Joseph Medical Center and Burbank, Dick's condition was so serious, the only
The outlook was so grim that when I see this is bad, I'm sitting here laughing at a man that's
going to die pretty soon. Man, the outlook was so grim at one point that family and friends
feared the worst. He wouldn't come home from the hospital. Diabetes is another family friend.
Doctors are trying to balance the medications for his heart while regulating his blood sugar
levels to keep the diabetes and check and that's hampered a speedy recovery. His family is
terribly worried about this slow progress, but they don't want to see how distressed they are.
They're trying to remain cheerful and upbeat to him about his progress. And he in the meantime is
going like, like that, like a shadow. They also know that Dick wanted to tell his business
and most successful producers who have to slow down when he gets out of the hospital and they're
concerned about his ability to shift into low gear, so the source maybe he can take a job at his
own place there, the Fudgery and Detroit in Mipaniac. Not yet. The Fudgery. He's pretty good
at fudging the truth. Dick is a workaholic. He would have to lead a different life and not
going to bother business, but his whole life has been about his career. When we cover his god
willing, we won't see much of him, but I don't know if that's the kind of quite life Dick can
lead. The stroke was serious for a man of his age and with health issues, everyone's hoping for
the best. Let's get there's anything else in the acquirer worth of a while. Sharon Stone at
War with X-Hubby over custody of her son. Anybody care about that? No. Now, Aflex stripper dances her
way into new career. Oh, yeah, right. Likely story. Ashley runs crying to Jessica over her
orange-bowl disaster. Too bad. Yeah. You suck, honey. You couldn't sing your word about paper sack.
Let's see. The aviator comes, comes mile high bust up. Don't care. Not interested in Leo.
Anybody out there that is interested in Leo, you're either some 10-year-old girl or your
gay. And I'm gay and still ain't interested. See anything? There's a couple of things that are
pretty weak issue by the way. Oh, Jesus. How did I miss Christ? What? How did I miss that yesterday?
I'm busy now. Okay. All right. Desperate housewives, Hunk Dad is a tragic crack addict,
but he refuses to ask his son for help. There's a picture here of Jesse Metcalf, you know,
Miguel from Patience. No. Yeah, you do. You talk about it all the time, but I don't know what he looks like.
Well, believe me, I know what he looks like. And so does everybody else that watches either
either either show or both. So there's a crack addict, huh? No, he's not a crack that. He doesn't
want to anything that would hurt Jesse. Man, oh man. Anyway, it says, um, Desperate housewives star,
Jesse Metcalf has a tragic family secret. His father's addicted to crack cocaine,
broke, has lost an eye in a brawl and been evicted from his apartment. I bet you play the slots
one time. That's what Katie Soroson told us. That's what she would have committed to. But
Jeffrey Metcalf refuses to ask for help from his son who plays Hunky Gardner John on the hit show
and used to play Miguel on Patience. See, there's two brothers on the show on Patience because it's a
it's a spoof, you know, it's a it's a hoot and a holler and her name is our Luis and Miguel. Got it?
Got it. Jeffrey is going to die soon because of things that he's doing compared Robert,
DeRiden, a longtime friend and former landlord in New London, Connecticut. I used to beg him to get
in touch with his son. I touched his son. Oh man. I touched him until he was like black and blue
until he couldn't walk no more. But anyway, it says I used to beg him to get in touch with his son
but Jeffrey's refused. He said they don't get they didn't get along. When contacted by the
inquireer, Jeffrey said, I love just seeing him very proud of what he's managed to do, but we haven't
spoken for many years. He doesn't need to know what's happened. He needs to get out with his own
life. It's not as best interest to get involved with me. Oh, look at this evidence of a brawl,
dried blood on a chair and Jeffrey's apartment. It's got a picture right here. Jeffrey's sister Pam
LaWare and her husband Jim have let Jeffrey stay in her home and nearby water for it since he
was evicted. He wasn't wanting to do anything that would hurt Jesse, Pam told the inquireer. He
doesn't feel it would be appropriate to hurt him in any way. Jeffrey hasn't seen his son since he
split with his mother Nancy whom he never married when Jesse was five. And his life really went down
the tubes after he was fired from his job as a longshoreman a friend told the inquireer. I'm
saving this picture for posterity. He was smoking crack cocaine. They did a random drug test that
came up positive for a cocaine. What is a picture of Jeffrey right here? He lost an eye in a violent
robbery in his apartment. He's got one eye. He's doing crack cocaine. He doesn't have any money.
He's living with some friends that are putting him up. But he has the nose doing pretty good.
Oh, we're fine. Jeffrey was given the option of going to rehab or losing his job. He did start
a recovery program. But he dropped out somehow. I look at the two pictures there side by each.
It's kind of hard to relate to, you know? Maybe Jeffrey looked better once upon a time.
He couldn't look nowhere before he had that eye out. Right. That's right. Jeffrey's former
landlord, DeRiden Disco, Jeffrey never got his job back. And because he wasn't working, couldn't pay his
rent. October 23, Jeffrey let some so-called friends into his apartment. There was a violent robbery.
I heard yelling and screaming in chairs flying. Then I heard a blood-curdling yell from Jeffrey.
I called 911 but before the police ambulance got there, two guys in the woman ran out of
Jeffrey's front door. They couldn't have been drug dealers, you think? You know that crowd. I left
it and Jeffrey was standing there with his eyeball dangling from his face. Permedicillers from the hospital,
but doctors couldn't save his eye. Maybe he was those drug dealers from rules of attraction,
you know? Remember those dropped off there for quick transaction? Yeah. Well, Jeffrey was still in the hospital.
That was great. Well, Jeffrey was still in the hospital. I went to his apartment to clean up. There
was dry blood all over the place. Empty packets of drugs and drug paraphernalia. There was so much
rubber in the bedroom that he slept on the couch instead. Jeffrey now has a false eye. That was
good enough for Sammy Davis and Colombo. It's good enough for Jeffrey. It's ending. Right. And
it's trying to get help from the estate clinic. He was a victim of a crime. Landlord,
Chairman of the Viction Notice, I'm Jeffrey in mid-November, which mentioned the drugs and
drug paraphernalia and red in part. I asked no drugs, prostitutes, but Jeff has people in now
altering the night. When told about Jeffrey, he said situation by the inquirer, Jesse is supposed
first and said that desperate house wife Star had no comment. He's mum. Jeffrey's friend added,
Jeffrey watches Jesse 26 on television. He's very proud of him. But he doesn't want to call Jesse
because he doesn't want him to know what a loser is father is. Sometimes Jeffrey wishes he's
been a bigger part of Jesse's life growing up. But there's nothing he can do about that now. Wow. Let
just kind of tear that picture. Oh, gee, I can't do that because Johnny Carson secret medical
emergency is on the other side. You are lent a meal Roger. It's gloosively on five six
ok
Or you'll never win!
Resistance is what you'll find
When you put the game aside
With the purpose of a Z-occupation
I'd like to fight with you
But the consequences you say
I've been saying that these are great times
And chances will be only up
This will be going to get just
This will be going to get you to know you're gonna win!
You need no time to hide
If I send the demo to die
Or that you'll say then I'll decide on
You'll just give a camera sign
And take a picture of the fire
And protect it from the evil
And get to the side of the world
And keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the only thing
That's the only thought I could just do
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
And I'll tell you the day
Keep it fresh out
Keep it fresh out
I'm tired of the hearth
I'm 2614 to loon at 560 WNP173 votes on a poll
What historical event you least believe could have happened
We elected the George W. Bush 130
They had some bag on air on CBS
And of course they had that crack going on on afternoon
And she's got her dark shades on
And she's got her little camera there
And they're interviewing her
Oh and this is so exciting and so many there
He is our president
Oh my god. I wanted to puk up
All of that mislead turtle ice cream
And those little uh...
And now I know what they call them candy chunks
Man. We elected the George W. Bush 130
We cannot believe it
Resurrection of Jesus 82
Kind of a hard story to swallow
OJ gets acquitted 38
9-11-34, Q-A-M gets his act together
No was art. I left away a Josh spelled arc
ARC
Like a circle. Like electricity. Right.
Like an arc of electricity. ARC is ARK
Is an arc like a ship
You know like a uh...
Okay. I just passed it this along
I'm gonna try to give it a little like a free education
Mike Piotse gets married 16
Oh boy after all those things about him
Yeah see? That proves it to me
Man walks on a moon 11, the Holocaust
Assassinations of the 60s, 5, and they're getting on morally one
I guess it's very believable
Because we've been in so many uh... you know
Uh... unacceptable and unnecessary and the needless wars
But...
So anyway on the other side of this picture
In fact a picture uh... from the show um...
We're gonna have to start watching that show
Although he was always naked on the passions too
The show's a great actor
Right? Well no I mean if you can't act at least
Look good naked man and so they parade you around
The prance you around with your shirt off all the time
It says turret affair Jesse and evil on gory
I have a steamy elicit liaison on the hit show
And the reason we know that this is fiction is because
In real life he wouldn't touch her with your hand
She's... you know who that is?
Evil of gory? Yeah. Yeah that's it
Not much. He's funny. He's a lot pretty
And she is. I don't know what he looks like
Well trust me. Believe me. Anybody would see
Even you wouldn't admit that. Even Joshua would admit it.
Even on my feet bad for his image.
Johnny Carson's secret medical emergency. He looks like Stan major here.
Wow all puffed up. Man.
The photo of Johnny taking two days before his radio shows how bloated he's become due to illness.
His face is like uh... wow.
Like Chris Myers' disease.
Like somebody put a bicycle pump in the back of his neck and just blew it up like Jerry Lewis
And he's got a puppet too.
The beloved tonight's show Ster was unable to breathe
TV legend Johnny Carson was rushed to the hospital on January 15th in a life where death medical crisis
The inquire has learned exclusively.
We've got the full dramatic story of the beloved entertainer secret hospitalization
Which is badly shaken. The so-and-an-year-old performer and his concerned family.
Johnny was chronic infosima. See all new people and
Faggot's smoking and puffing away in those
Faggot's. Stop. chronic infosima.
Long cancer infosima. Just a host of horrendous things
From puffing on those on that weed man. Not on that weed.
No, not that.
Anyway, he's got chronic infosima and history of heart problems.
Was wheeled into Cedar Sinai medical center. Doctors attached him to a heart monitor and were quickly to stabilize his breathing.
The crisis was compounded by his medical history.
Johnny suffered a heart attack at marks 99 and led to a quadrupled bypass
and he was diagnosed with emphysema.
What's the name of that bit?
Emphysema. The girl. No, no.
We have one with that? No, the girl with emphysema.
Emphysema. Right?
For the next two days, in Cedar Sinai, one more killer type around her.
Oh, Johnny was...
She's short and palindin' and six me.
The girl with emphysema keeps smoking.
And when she passes, she flips her ass and goes...
I'm dying on the hands.
For the next two days in Cedar Sinai, Johnny was placed under close observation.
As he received treatment, he was allowed to return home January 7th.
But it's still reeling from the Ordeal case, or something.
He's reeling from it. Really.
After the medical drama, Johnny said I couldn't breathe.
I thought I was dying.
And inside I told the inquiry, Johnny's a fighter, but this is pretty...
Shaking him up pretty big time.
He thinks it was a close call. He's genuinely afraid the next crisis could be his last.
The years of heavy smoking and drinking...
Ah, see? Have taken their toll.
What did I say yesterday? Buzin cigarettes go hand in hand, man.
A glass in one hand and a faggot in the other.
A photo of Johnny taking just two days before his health crisis
as he was entering a Malibu movie theater,
offered a rare glimpse to the reclusive stars he appears today.
Oh, man. Not good.
Not looking good looks just like Stan Major.
He's bloated and barrel-chested.
Emphacema sometimes causes a swollen appearance,
because the lungs are chronically overinflated with air.
Johnny used to keep in great shape, playing tennis almost every day,
but the emphacema made a difficult for him to exercise.
And his love for gourmet food is not diminished, contributing to his weight problem.
He's got a poofy.
Johnny suddenly began experiencing severe breathing problems on January 4th.
He was rushed to the emergency room and really bad shape disclosed the insider.
He was shaking and ashen when he was admitted.
Johnny's family was scared to death.
He'd be able to close source.
They feared the worst believing he could easily suffer another heart attack.
And this time, in his weakened state, Johnny might not make it.
Don't you get an emotional about this?
Here's Johnny.
Oh, I choked up. That's what I was talking about.
The doctors immediately hooked him up to a heart monitor
and he rained on until he was discharged.
Emphacema crosses the gradual destruction of the long-timey air sacs.
And there's nothing worse than when your sac gets destroyed.
You know what?
I know.
And patients become more and more sure to breath, say medical experts,
over time the body and the heart grow weaker.
And there's an increasing risk of heart attack.
Maybe what's your name in that movie, the hand that rocks the cradle at emphacema?
Or did she just have asthma?
That was not a good last night.
She had that.
I like that. For my psychic powers there again.
That's I like that. It's good movie.
The scene that's the best is when her girlfriend goes looking for in the, what do you call it?
A hot house.
The hot house, yeah.
And opens up the door.
Oh, let's see her no more.
And I still say that that actress, whatever her name is,
she looks just like Hillary.
What's her name again?
Rebecca DeMorne.
Rebecca DeMorne.
You don't think you don't see the resemblance?
No.
For a crack.
In advance stages, any minor illness or build up of mucus and lungs,
can trigger a life or death crisis, often any gunhard failure, for Amphacema X.
Fortunately, the alien talk show, hopefully, responded about a treatment once he was stabilized.
He was a joy to the staff at Cedar's continued the insider.
He's a sweet man.
In fact, Ed McMahon was there at the door going, here's Johnny.
You think he was?
No.
He's a sweet man.
His mind is still sharp as I still have that twinkle.
But it's clear that he's been in the garage for the climb.
The attack was really bad when it's got him terrified.
He told a pal, it's a terrible feeling not to be able to breathe, something we take for granted.
And he admitted he was a very lucky man this time.
Oh, and see, usually when I read these stories, I'll take him and tear him up and throw him away.
Or is everything I didn't do at that time?
Because the other side is that picture.
I'm putting that right over here in a special spot.
Spies out there.
Listen, I'm telling you.
Now I'm going to see it if he put it there.
It takes somebody pretty damn special good to get me that interested and believe you me.
Oh, Julia and Mom had wore over her twins.
We don't care about her.
No, to a derabrit.
So I like her.
She's fine, but you know, boring.
X wrestler, Johnny Lauer, busted for brawling with both.
Oh, great person.
Yeah.
That's a huge, big former pro wrestler, Johnny Lauer, was hauled off in handcuffs or hitting her boyfriend.
But an exclusive interview, the brawny beauty says her only regret is that she didn't beat him to a pulp for both Sean.
Once though, the fans is China.
Johnny was arrested on the news or is that Chachi, O'China, Tony was arrested in the years they have to see and wrestler X-Pack, aka Sean Wattman,
got into a fight over her for a coat and he called the cops into Westwood home.
Yes, I bitch slapped Sean, confessed to Johnny who started the vehicle and was on his career life for.
He pushed me to it.
He disrespected me.
I wish I wouldn't hit him hard right away.
I don't regret it all.
No interest.
Let's see.
Never lose your pet again.
Is the thing you stick up your pet's...
Bracket.
Is it?
Yeah.
Make some come back home all the time.
People snatching murder mom didn't kill alone.
Oh, Brad and Jen's final showdown over the test of Angelina Jolie.
Did you know that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I get the star.
Oh, excuse me.
They're probably.
Angelina Jolie, Jennifer wanted to be an atelist actress.
Brad wanted a family and he wanted Angelina bad.
There's nothing in here, man.
There's nothing about Michael Jackson.
The pretrial hearing, by the way, starts today and then Michael Jackson.
Oh, here you go.
Here's something about...
Yeah, this is big stuff.
Good old bro.
Before he celebrates his amazing recovery.
Maybe he's getting baptized as he's in the water there with the sick-free...
Chico Grover, whatever his name is, his boyfriend.
Yeah.
In the swim, right way through the cameras, he gets a little help from sick-free in the water.
Good old bro.
Big-hearted sick-free fish-bucker, Chico Grover.
Created his partially paralyzed partner Roy Horn to a fund in the sun vacation.
The sperm of the moment get away to Mexico as Roy's first vacation since he was near fatal maling on October 3rd, 2003.
Roy!
Exclusive inquire photos show the strides of 60-year-old performers made,
but he still really get into a wheelchair nearly full-time.
Roy!
Yeah, but what's your name, God, or the wheelchair on Tachyon?
You just got up and walked.
What's your name?
Sam's girlfriend.
XY.
I heard her.
Champion, I'm quite a well-known.
I know you're watching that religiously every day and going to the Russian problem.
Oh, Scott Pieden is the last story.
I know the audience is getting peed with this crap because it's all boring.
Well, the thing about Dick Clark was reassuring.
Mm-hmm.
He's out of it.
And the thing about Keeer's Johnny.
Huh?
We like Johnny.
Just fine.
I mean, I think he's highly over-weighted, but yeah, I got no problem with Johnny.
That was still a great change.
Keeer's Johnny.
I don't like Ed McMahon too much.
I don't like professional askuses.
He made millions just being an askus.
Yeah.
Plus, not only that,
that's a loser.
And then, of course, that American family sweepstates, whatever that crap is, you know.
Who else was involved in that?
Nope.
Come on.
I just said his name like a minute ago.
Dick Clark.
Oh, that's right.
American publishers, family, and sweepstates.
What would you do with $1,000?
$1,000,000.
If you just buy 600 magazines and fill this thing out and put a bunch of stamps on here,
you just want $40 billion.
Scott Peterson has a secret child with another woman.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Anybody care about Scott Peterson?
No.
Let me know when they have given the needle.
Right.
We'll watch that.
And in credit, no, I'll administer it.
And in an incredible development in the Lacey Peterson crime saga, the inquiries learned
exclusively as always that Scott's family has been contacted by mail and form that Scott
has a teenage son.
The letter arrives January 30th at the Home of One of Scott's siblings.
Scott's relative was stunned and was shaking while reading the letter.
The letter was written by the teenage boy who says he will take a DNA test to prove that Scott's father.
Here's a picture of Scott in senior high school boy.
He sure was ugly.
I mean, he's like, yeah, not a, he's an average kind of boring looking guy.
But boy, he sure was a geek in high school.
Maybe that was the problem.
You know, a lot of geeks, they want to prove something so they got there and square everything
with a screwed on.
Of course, we're the Kilt on.
Of course, the letter the boy was told Scott got his mother pregnant when they both
were in San Francisco some 14 years ago.
Scott was 60 and the girl was 14.
Well, that's, you know, right?
Right.
The needle though.
But anyway, as soon as the needle on that, and I think she just wants some money, just like that,
the bitch with the poor bill cause, but you know, if you want to put in pops, do you ever eat y'all
put in pops?
No, I can't say that I have.
Well, let me just tell you right now, with all the respect to Bill Cosby, if you eat
y'all a put in pops someday, I guarantee you, you will die.
Sure, let's hear it.
It's a needle Roger.
It's squixing.
I'm not a needle Roger.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
All right.
It's a needle.
It's a needle.
I'm gonna throw a bit forward when you do this.
We must have to think to check the forever and the past road.
That's why he sounded just like every side of me.
That is maybe dying, but he deliberately even on a high-shelf route.
Like the reason he could then revive him.
Just for New Year's Eve, the dark Addis Row.
The moon is a moon, the moon is a moon, the moon is a moon, the moon is a moon, the moon is a moon, the moon is a moon.
You know, he might play a spell, but you must look here with the stars, like your hand or your hand,
and then Michael Tripley, you're probably the only one in the world that has the moon.
Toronto 2 at 562. This is 58 minutes an hour, no, it's just 58 minutes away.
What time is flying today? And of course I apologize for killing that last star with all that inquirer stuff.
I thought there was some pretty interesting stuff in here, especially that picture, but anyway.
Hey, listen to me when I tell you.
Wow. 5.670.560, pound 560 and a Verizon and sing it a Ryder Slimes.
Let's crack these phones up and get another hundred things for our pool.
What do you say?
We have to really have, I think we've only had one, haven't we?
One attack on there?
The QM gets to tank together. What else do we have called in?
Look, I believe that's the only one.
Yeah. So, Tonto Uno.
But that's okay. I think those other ones are pretty damn good.
5.670, we had two because we had the OG.
Okay, it's acquitted. Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Use a follow-up there.
Thank you. WQAM.
Wait a minute. Nobody there.
Look at that. No calls.
Oh, that's bad. That's the inquirer thing.
So, chased them all the way, reading that the boring inquirer stuff about the Clark and about Johnny Carson.
Here's Johnny. WQAM, hello.
How you doing here?
Okay.
For your poor couple of things, um, really, William is leaving?
No, yeah.
Um, the egg ain't shocked.
Yeah.
And, um, 911.
911's on it. Okay. 2 on 3 in 5.
Reggie Williams.
Reggie White.
What was he talking about? Reggie White croaking?
What did he say?
Ricky Williams.
Oh, Ricky. I thought he said Reggie.
I don't know what he's talking about. He was like whispering.
There were people still in third here over that.
Ricky Williams, uh, Quits football.
What was the second one?
The heat gets shacked.
Oh, the heat gets shacked.
Oh, yeah. The heat gets shacked.
That's shocking. Can't believe it. I shacked it.
I'm not believe it.
And 911's on it. It's not going to be too many votes.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on it. Who writes in the singular letters line?
My bad, that inquire hour.
Should have saved that for like, uh, after the ratings come up.
WCWA Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got an idea for a poll for you.
Yeah.
People who, like a dead person who probably wouldn't be as famous as they are,
unless they had died, like Andrews or, you know, you think he'd be.
People who became more famous after death. I like that.
Yeah, I get it.
Right.
You hear about George Carlton and rehab?
Yeah.
Pretty sad.
Later, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
People became more famous after death.
I'd like to write these down.
Okay?
Because you know with my Alzheimer's, even the one I think of,
I forget him like 10 seconds later.
What?
Exactly. WCWA Hello.
Have you ever seen the rain falling down my puddles?
Thank you, Ingenite.
That was a beautiful thing.
Here's Johnny.
I can't stop thinking that now.
I don't know why.
WCWA Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's a week.
WCWA Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
If I could trust myself a beat and I would just did 20 years public service.
And they opened up a new public right in front of my house.
So they're going to open up a little restaurant there.
Not a food chain, but like a nice one.
I go apply for it.
I put Monday through Friday once a time.
So they're training a group of people and they're obviously to have their staff.
And also, I'm like the guys like, well, didn't you put that weekend?
I'm like, well, you know, I'm looking to just do Monday through Friday weekdays.
That weekend's awful.
It's like, well, we can't use you, you know, I'm like, well listen.
If you wanted an alternate or somebody for weekends, what do you waste my time for?
Just tell me.
Anyway, it was always peanut butter that made the clock and my door come off.
Peanut butter, then we'll do it.
Okay.
Right.
That was good.
Wow.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon.
I bet you know, we're kind of peanut butter.
What's Skippy?
Yeah, my first dog name was Skippy.
Dominic QM, line nine.
Hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
I don't want to rip your station, but have you ever heard of a remote being done from a grocery store?
Oh, come on, man.
I love Mandage, but I think.
I'm going to be a little bit more of a
little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little
bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit
of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of a little bit more of
Yes I am not out there But my temples, which have been qu period, that lady on the Subaru door So my badge and my horse Has been filled with a towel Oh myipples. They have been waiting to take me for a walk Oh my goodness birds Ah, how long do you walk to get them to comfort them just as fast? Thank you for all the wonderful moments andugh touring
I'm here. I'm there. You know, he doesn't get off the hook when they appeal that thing.
I know it.
They didn't hurt. I mean, they gave it a whole thing. It's always been over turned that thing.
I mean, I was guilty. Don't get me wrong. Yeah.
But when, you know, when a, when a, just another justice gets his hands on this thing,
it goes out for appeal, he's going to throw the thing out and say, well, these, these drawers were nuts.
That's my prediction. Okay. Well, we're marked it down. Thanks a lot, Pauline. Get a life.
Why isn't it so funny? He's not too happy about it. Should listen to me, man, I told you, don't do it.
You regret it just like they got a call yesterday. They want to get them broadcasting.
Please, please, don't do it. I'm begging you. I'm not joking about that. It's my best advice, especially now more than ever.
I'm not like a political slogan now more than ever. We need somebody, right?
An animal. We need a political animal. That's what America needs. Stick the tube right like in a heartland.
WMQAM. Hello. Stick the tube in Oklahoma. Hello.
We did it.
WMQAM. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir. Sounds like Reverend Jones.
No, it's not. Thanks. Thanks. First time caller in a marisa listener down down from the Northeast.
And I really like your show. You have a lot of nice topics and such.
But a friend of mine would tell me that and I couldn't believe it.
But were you down in South Beach at like some movie theater that choking the.
Yeah, yeah, choking little guys. Yeah. Now, were you is that true?
Or did he make it up because I like this question? Are you writing a book?
Now by five six seven oh five sixty. I was choking little guys.
Tom five sixty under Verizon singular wireless line George was there in Irving,
Ville Shades was next to him. WMQAM. Hello. Q. I.M.
Hey, Neil. Couple of closer for you, sir. Yes.
That little check drop in you do there by Goldie. Is that a little bit?
Did I mean that one? Is it a bit? No, it's just a drop in.
I thought I'd miss something or something.
The other question be more for George and Carmen chick.
Everybody. Nobody's about to roast beef.
First of all, her name isn't Carmen. In this Carmella.
And secondly, it's not lunchtime for me.
It's an accident. It's conversations about it.
Yeah, don't worry about realizing. Okay.
Well, I speak of that. The Carmella picture. Carmella this easier today.
And get it right. Her name is Carmen is the best one we've had so far.
I can't imagine that anybody who's even a little bit hetero wouldn't be even
I'm like emotional about that. That's how good that picture is.
Right. It don't get much better than that.
But how do you like this? See these people that are like, oh,
see how come it's got that outcome in popoos airbrush?
I'm telling you.
Talk about that. These are the people from that complaining thing on a pool.
The complainer.
I'm private. I can archive this.
Okay. Stuff it. What I wanted.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Hey, all you horse racing and poker fan, popular fans.
Compatopark racing and poker is your place to be for great gambling action.
Compatopark features free admission and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon and live racing gets underway at 7.25 at the PM.
Don't forget every Monday night there's a two for $25 dinner special at the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer hot dogs, so does the more.
And best of all, my personal favorite, the first Monday of every month at Compatopark is free spaghetti dinner night.
All you got to do is buy a program.
And they give you a little coupon and then you go up there and mind your mind to baby free spaghetti every first Monday of every month at Compatopark.
Poppato harness is also open every day, seven days nights a week featuring the best in harness through a bread, high-line action from all across North America for you to watch and wait you on.
Poppato park, a blast south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule.
Go online at pompatopark.com or call them at 9.5.4.972.2000.
Don't forget the poker room is open right now and post time tonight 7.25 at Pompino Park.
Fire hammer, fire hammer in the morning.
Yeah, thank you.
Tank gold, good morning.
Seven o'clock.
Seven o'clock.
Four o'clock.
Four 305 507.
Two A.M.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Drums are guests and you know what?
I am just a fantastic guy.
Really terrific terror hot in the Anna.
Hello.
Hi Larry.
Hi.
Mr. Trump, would you visit a widow on Christen's Eve?
It's a meant you could make an extra buck or two.
I would do that in a heartbeat.
There's no question about it.
I would love to do that.
The humbog.
Sit down Alaska.
Hello.
Donald, were you having a affair with Bill Clinton?
Yes, I was.
Actually, what's going on?
Let's get in.
Put out Larry.
In fact, are you going to put up with that trumps?
No.
Larry, you are fired.
Okay.
So, are you glad you had sex with Clinton or do you regret it?
Somebody asked me the other day, would you have done Bill again?
And the answer is absolutely yes.
He's better than I anticipated.
There's your exclusive Larry.
Trump's.
Trump's not just for women.
So, Gaze can use it too.
Gaze can absolutely use it.
And I'm sure they'll love it.
Parks didn't measure again.
Hello.
Donald, have everyone wants to know what's up with that hairdo?
I heard that it's just one really long strand of hair wrapped around your head several thousand times.
Is that true?
Good question.
Yeah, that's true.
Larry, please inform the public.
You bet I will.
Thank you.
Larry, reach over and took on it.
You've been happened.
Okay.
Come on.
It is.
The end of the report.
Trump's 17 and 560.
W.D.C.R.M. we got the man dog at 2 in the Humper at 4.
We got Curtis Stevenson.
Or Howard David, I didn't leave him out, didn't I?
I say to Humper at 4.
Don't leave him out.
The billboard leaves him out.
You shouldn't do.
Mo Howard David, I call him the Humper.
Don't do it.
He was being Humper.
Mo Howard at 4 in the Curtis Stevenson at 780K10.
That's our lineup and it's like partly penciled in.
We got new billboards I heard.
All right.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Yes, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Wow.
I wanted to speak with you.
I have a long time.
Yes, sir.
Since 1991, pretty much done.
I'm stuck.
Except for the time you went to practice and stopped using the GD word.
That sort of got me pissed off.
It's you for selling out a little bit.
But anyways, I've got something for you to pour.
Yeah.
My mouth.
5.670560, pound 560 only for rising and singular wireless line.
Well, I tell you, the good stuff must have come in.
Yeah, the time I went to practice and sold out.
That's the way they pay me off this month to go away.
That was kind of a bad deal, you know.
Yeah.
Nobody QAAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, I used to think that radio would be an exciting career.
Yeah.
But after seeing what's going on at 2AM and then listening to that guy,
hawk the Connecticut School of Broadcasting.
Yeah, oh yeah.
I think you never want to kind of read you on it.
Yeah.
Okay, that was a short and sweet.
5.670560, they got nothing else for it at all today.
Some pretty, I mean, you know, Ricky Williams, check.
Check.
Ricky Williams.
And that's about it.
I thought there'd be like a whole bunch of things on it.
We knew that we were just absolutely unbelievable.
WDQAM, hello.
You knew who I am?
WDQAM, hello.
Oh, man.
That was Rick Shaw.
I don't think he was in quite a, just one of his record was in it.
WDQAM, hello.
Shot, kill.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
What's the naked guys on your website?
Naked guys?
Who are they?
Huh?
What naked guys?
Supreme Court.
Oh, the Supreme Court Justice is.
Get in with it.
Okay.
Good education.
Get a life.
That's from John Stewart Comedy Central from his book.
Well, how is it possible?
How is it possible?
Yo, that's right.
I forgot.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I know you signed a new contract.
All the problems are having with QAM's lineup.
Have you ever thought about going like 10 to 6 or 11 to 7, something like that for us?
Are you somebody told you already?
10 to 10 starts Monday.
10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Only to be on screen.
I'm just doing one hour.
They're just going to keep replaying it.
Yes, sir.
Mark.
I've got to know an Aussie Confeco, biggest flashing a pan.
Oh, okay.
Great.
There's for the podium today.
Oh.
This is special today.
All right.
Hey, listen.
It's Friday, man.
I told you we're just going a little time for the celebrations come out of one o'clock.
Plus that inquire hour, that sent them an orbit.
Plus, most of these guys, they're busy looking up that picture with Jesse Montaguto, whatever
his name is.
Jesse Martinez.
I don't know.
What is his name?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Who is this?
Yes, but they call that how?
They call me.
And then they say, they put
that on here.
That's a quiet out wirklich out like this mother in a
business.
.
There's a bit of it.
There's a lot.
There's a lot.
It's just because I think out this thing.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I like to speak with Tommy Metolia.
Lotto, Tommy Motora residence.
Rahaa!
Goody, goody, goody!
Girl?
No, no, no, Talia.
Talia, let me talk to the devil.
Prisol!
Tommy!
Tommy!
Rahaa!
Rahaa!
Tommy!
What is it?
You got the phone!
Hello!
Tommy Metolia!
Speaking!
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job!
You lost your job!
Oh!
Hey!
I didn't lose my job!
I stepped down!
Well, sure.
However you want to paint the picture, whatever you want to tell yourself in order to save
some sort of face you do it, but you lost your job!
Oh!
You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson!
Yeah!
Anya here, that?
That's my Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy.
You're getting your justy search, Tommy Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food, kidney chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than exxonced.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will, so you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey, we're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, geez.
If it's not Chevy, it's T-T's, if it's not T-T's, it's, it's, uh, what's that drive in
place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to berate you, and all I'm getting is dribbles and chimichanga.
Look, look, look.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish.
I was the living America.
I was the living America.
You're the living America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey, I got to go.
Okay, I got to take over the Taco Bell.
Debbie!
Okay.
Chevy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
All right, all right.
I got to go, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to fart right now, half the neighborhood would go up.
If I, yeah.
All right, I think I just go over to Mickey D's with Kato and OJ and do a drug deal on
the parking lot.
1224 and 560 WDQM.
I want you to understand, OJ did not do drugs.
I understand.
They did not do drugs.
They did not do any of that to evil stuff, right?
Right.
And he didn't kill those people.
Of course not.
Line 9, hello.
I know I got one for your poll.
Yes, sir.
QAM pays the payroll to employees on time.
Not bad.
That would be part of getting the right together.
Okay, we don't want to do too much QAM on it.
No.
No, I'm shouldn't pile on.
No pile on the beesleys.
Okay, they got enough heavy baggage already.
Trust me, they're drowning in it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Floyd Vennible Jr.
Out!
Wait, what is he going to say?
Oh, I can't imagine.
I think he was going to say, I **** him, something like that.
Floyd Vennible Jr.
Lee Roy P.
You're only two but you heard that too, the same guy.
That's it.
Harness racing.
Maybe let's do a show on Harness racing.
And then we'll do a hockey show.
Oh.
Yeah, and then we'll get Rimmer on.
Oh.
And then we'll go out of business.
Wow.
Floyd Vennible Jr.
Dark blue silks by the way.
I can remember those colors.
Man, my mind is so full of crap.
Even a latrine has never come close to me.
This full of crap is my mind is just littered and cluttered with useless garbage.
Harness racing trivia, hockey trivia, Kakarai, all kinds of stuff.
And also recent photos that I've seen in the aquarium.
So is that where you put it?
Yeah, that's where I stuck it temporarily.
Okay.
I'm sticking it between two other sheets.
I'm sticking it between two sheets with meal rotors.
It stays from 10 to 2 on 560 WQAM, my only Fort Lauderdale.
The motion picture Meet the Falkers made 163 million dollars in just 12 dates.
So we're getting ready to do another one.
We basically just rewritten the first two movies with the same old jokes
since no one seems to notice.
And we're calling it Meet the Falkers, Friends.
The whole cast returns with the addition of Paris Hilton as free to fucker.
And Bern Troyer as Cindy Lou Falker, the smallest Falker, then.
Get ready for some exciting news.
Next year, another Falker first.
As we present Meet the Falkers, Friends, Friends.
We've signed Harvey Firestein to play gay Uncle Flip Falker.
And former New Jersey Governor Jim Agribuity play as husband Fred Falker.
Don't miss the hilarious when Flip and Fred Falker fall face first into a fiery firecracker fire.
But they're okay. They're Falkers.
Then things really good funny when Mother Falker catches the boys making gay love on the Falker-Fraud Fort Spring.
We're gonna pretty much milk the Falkers for all their work.
Plus, you'll hear all the same jokes.
Like, I have nipples, Greg, can you milk me?
And I'm gonna take you down.
Take you down to Chinatown.
Meet the Falkers, Friends.
And Meet the Falkers, Friends, Friends coming soon to a Falker theater near you.
From 30 to 560, it's probably Joyce's favorite movie.
Limbo asked high court to return records to his doctors.
You know, Rush, Tim Poppin, a hypocrite rush.
Rush Limbo asked the Florida Supreme Court yesterday to return his medical records to his doctors
and primarily keep them from prosecutors investigating his use of painkillers,
all those Nazis he was popping in, back in the day.
When we're making him go deaf, things like that.
And lose a lot of weight.
Limbo alleges that his privacy was violated when the records were seized in 2003
and his funds to keep them sealed.
Lower courts have cited with prosecutors who are investigating whether Limbo engaged in doctor shopping
or illegally visiting several doctors to receive duplicate prescriptions.
Limbo wants the state Supreme Court to decide that patients have been notified before the medical records are seized or inspected.
The state has acknowledged that as a matter of strategy, it made no good faith
effort to comply with these requirements.
Limbo's attorney Roy Black said in the statement, they've admitted that they intentionally chose to bypass the notice
and hearing requirements so they can leave through all of his medical records looking for something to charge.
So first of the records is the only fair remedy.
Prosecutors insisted giving Limbo a notice of their plan to seize the records would have compromised their investigation.
Assisted state attorney Jim Marts has said the legislature has protected law enforcement's ability to conduct criminal investigations.
He had no immediate comment yesterday.
He wants those records back, those doctors shopping records.
Once Wilma supply ran dry, it was bye-bye.
Now let's go find a few dozen doctors, right?
Right.
But they're making a difference.
It's just like Bill O'Rami, you know what all that hanky panky and all of that?
I know, and nobody cares.
Yes, nobody cares about it.
Somebody give them a crack, can you?
Somebody to QAAM, hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Biggest shocking story.
George stole $2,000 and you want them to money to pay it back.
A bigger pardon?
When George stole $2,000 from whom?
Who'd George steal $2,000 from?
The Astropa.
The what?
And anyway.
Now we got a news story, that's a good one.
The Inquisition Star Surveillance Station.
Wow.
Somebody to QAAM, hello.
How are you doing Neil?
Okay, paly.
So, just a little bit of work?
Yeah.
I was pretty good in that.
What historical event, yeah okay, how was the press?
I'm not caught with any more suggestions because there aren't any.
Wow.
Was that a little lane or a little bit?
Double to QAAM, hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Got a spy report in the comment for you.
Leaving my am is that billboard at Joe Rose and Dan Levin Hart?
Dan Levin, studio, yes.
Yeah, Dan Levin, yes.
I've seen it.
All the birds in your chimney, I'm both those guys have.
And I almost look like they got white little Yamakas on the cap.
All the colors.
Yeah, they're both yours by the way.
Nope, see that?
Yeah.
And second, I was going to say that Jeffrey Lawyer's wife, set up the key.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Yeah, they're all coming out today, baby.
This must all be the tea town crowd.
They're getting ready for the ratings and they know that IODs are going to lose that big September.
So they must be in mourning over there now.
That's why the whole tea town they IOD crowd is out there.
And some of the taxing people who probably are sloppovers with them.
Usually these are inside calls, you know, from Maddie Bell and his boyfriends, but this is a different crowd today.
FBI grows jack camp about Iraqi contract, former vice presidential candidate, Jack Camp.
A lot of questions about Jack Camp too early.
Oh no.
Has been questioned by the FBI by his dealings with an Iraqi American businessman who this week became the target
of the first yesterday's Department of Criminal and Diamond in the U.N. oil for food scandal news week has learned.
Camp confirmed yesterday that the FBI interviewed him last night to about his contacts with Samir A. Vincent,
a Northern Virginia oil trader who on Tuesday pled guilty to poor criminal charges, including violating U.S. sanctions against Iraq and failing to register with the Justice Department as an agent of Sodom Hussein.
Specifically, the indictment states that Vincent illegally lobbying U.S. officials on behalf of the Iraqi government and receiving exchange along with unidentified co-conspirators, millions of dollars in cash as well as allocations for more than 9 million barrels of Iraqi crude oil under the oil for food program.
Sources familiar with the investigations say that Camp who was Bob Dool's running rate in 66 had a number of contacts with Vincent,
which have been closely scrutinized by federal prosecutors, the contacts began in the late 1990s when Vincent, who just as official say was secretly acting as an Iraqi government agent,
approached Camp and offered to work with him on a plan that could have led to the easing of sanctions on Sodom's regime.
Over several years continuing till 2003, Vincent talked to Camp roughly once a month about his proposal to improve U.S. or Iraqi relations,
according to Camp in 1990, Davis and Washington Lawyer and Frennikims, who discussed the matter with him and offered to speak for him to newsweek on this matter.
Davis was a former White House Special Counselor Clinton, so the discussion took place when Vincent would either come by Camp's office,
Washington or call him on the phone. Maybe it was just his boyfriend.
Yeah, Camp, huh? A lot of rumors about that. Well, there's all kinds of rumors about everybody, you know? Everybody's got something, right?
Right. 5'6, 7'0, 5'60, 0'5, 60 on a Verizon and the Singular Wireless Line, ratings at 1.
Oh, yeah. How's that the tea channel crowd going to do at 1 o'clock? Then they will fear us, man. At 1 o'clock, it's quite a lot.
See, that's the amazing thing, you know? In spite of the incompetence of our management, in spite of the lies, the hysteria, the just total of the state of disarray,
the disgruntled employees, all of the phony-belony contract negotiations, in spite of all of these things,
all of these things. We still got to kick their ass. You'll see. We're still going to do just fine.
As far as that new ESPN thing is concerned, let me say it again. They got Joe Rose. That's it. And the story, that's what they got.
Sure, what else you got, you know? I mean, the mad dog thing continues and we hope to salvage him. We pray.
But for right now, as of January 21, 1945, am I right? That's all they got. Joe Rose. Yeah.
What historical event do you least believe could have happened? Resurrection in George W. I mean, I re-Alexander George W. Bush.
Jesus Christ. 183. Re-Alexander Jesus. Resurrection of Jesus. 120. Yeah. Who died and elected him?
O. J. gets acquitted 59. 9144. Who died and elected you, Saviour, huh?
Q. M. gets a psych together 42. Noah's Ark with a cave. Very nice. 31. Mike Piazza gets married 20.
Man walks on the moon 16. The Holocaust 9. Ricky Williams bales out 5. Assassinated in the 60s. J. F. K. R. F. K. MLK.
5. The heat get the shack is only got a pair. I thought that was going to take off. Thank God it didn't.
And Vietnam was only got one out of 537 vote. W. Q. A. M. Hello.
And a whole lot. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Top like it. W. Q. A. M. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. You might go on phone. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. It's cracking.
I'm going to enjoy streaming 2000 from the strip club. Oh, it's that time again.
They're all sitting around a little circle of liver room now. What's his name? Vernon is a pivot man who's real name is Julio.
Who'sverted? Thanks sir. W. Q. A. M. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir.
How you doing? OK. Question. I didn't know this is must be Gary Sarner. Question.
Question. Anybody who begins a sentence with question at the only Gary Sarner is the only Schmuckan who does that. Go ahead.
Neil. Did you guys you got feedback on the billboards right with three left there?
Well, we didn't get any feedback. I didn't George told me about it this morning. We got the new billboard with a hopper and me and mad dog conspicuously.
Toto, Toto, Toto. No, it's not a billboard. I guess he's led. But you know, they haven't written down where it says morning midday's an afternoon.
And I think you keep saying that I'm still not taking care of I guess the moment I could finally get his name there. It doesn't work out. But I hope it does.
Oh, we pray it does. Right on. Neil. I'm sorry. You know, I sent you with would you still us promote that hour?
Do you think next Monday if I sent you the updated information? Sure. OK, man. Why wouldn't I do that?
Well, because the ratings are coming out, man, and I can't wait to hear how you're planning everybody's not going to take the whole. I got to right here. You have to send it back. Yeah, I got it right here. I'll do it right now.
You know, they changed the venue. That's why I'm going to have to fact you at different location and still in Miami Beach, but they have a different location.
Well, just tell me what it is. Do it right on here. I'll write it down. I'm driving in a car, man. OK. OK.
And Neil, what from that rejoined with Ira Winderman, what were you trying to say? I got you guys both feet in the closet.
I were windermans in the closet. He sounds like it, but I'm not here. The way you came back with those rejoins like you must have been saying that. I don't even know I were winderman.
I know he's the basketball guy that the Hank has on all the time, but I know nothing about what I wanted to rejoin say. Oh, I was. No, no, no. That wasn't about I were winderman.
That Dan's back and I can't stand. Is that the one? I just I chew those up before the break starts. I'll do it. Just stay away from Ira.
Everybody's. How do you like that? I'm going to be real careful about what I play and what I say. You want to say? What you get exactly because I have heard I were a couple times.
He does sound a little a little. Yeah, but he's got a wife. He's a real macho guy. He's a basketball guy. We would never impute his masculinity. What do we know? I know nothing about it. But if you want, I know less. Right. I know this.
I was the one who told you about the weather for you on Channel seven. I was the first one to ignore that spade of hurricanes that we had. Well, you long before that. You got a four or eight art. Yeah.
I look just to kind of had our tent attendicles out there and got that drift during a hurricane. When I like blow him was going on over there at Channel seven right behind the building 20 to one at five sixty Q.
I. M.
I'm.
I'm quite 60.
Thank you, baby.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
San.
San.
San.
San.
mother and baby are doing just fine. She said, oh we're fine. A
devil can truly be considered a giant baby for he was born
when what a six month old baby normally weighs t-nutrition
Luis Saini Azul told a choreo de Vahia newspaper. Let's see
that's in Brazil when I speak for the gaysie right? I'm sorry.
Santos has four other children ages nine 12 14 and 15 who were born
when between seven point seven and eleven pounds. She got a
bunch of fat babies and of course the Pope is pleased because
she's a baby maker in Praveel. They like that. Shlup there
over to your last few pesos man and give it to the Pope. Give it to the church.
Put it in the plate. Shlup there on your hands in these and stick those
pesos in there. Why do you keep appropriating and making all these unwanted
babies that you can't take care of? She knew a devil's name would be a big baby.
But not this big real said she or husband in the hospital were caught by surprise.
The average way for newborns in Brazil is seven point seven pounds for boys and
six point six pounds for girls. And this baby was born by 16 point seven pounds
which is like the average of one boy and one girl put together and then
some and is a picture of a devil in here a big chubby baby like Tom
Delaware's now what he said the movie him how do you like your chubby baby now.
Yes. Some are. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon
and singing the wireless line the pressure is mounting I bet you all the radio
people in South Florida are gathered around their radio just like we used to do
back in the 40s before TV man the late 40s gathered around a radio like on Sunday
night. Listen to Judy canova and whatever else suspense whatever was on that
was quite time can you even can you even begin to imagine what it would life would be like with no television.
Oh, no thank you. Josh. No. No. Your laugh and say life before television.
How did you people survive and of course then you take that several steps further
life before the airplane life before automobiles life before electricity.
Can you even begin to imagine hello this can you get. Yeah and how look at the Greeks
and the Romans and the Egyptians how advanced in those pyramids at the Egyptian
go all these things they accomplished with no electricity well the Greeks and the
Romans had a lot of diversions. Yeah to keep life interesting. Welcome. Hello
others. So let me ask you when you pay back that $2,000. See I didn't even know about that yet.
Of course suppose you want to check now I'll tell you where to get that to be. No but why? Yeah wait wait wait listen I'll tell you where to get the 2 grand stand major.
Okay. Yeah. WQAM hello. Yeah God that was one of Maddie Bell's board friends I know called by the way. Yes sir.
Hey I got onto the pole the exact nation of JFK. Oh it's on here thank you.
The assassin is in the 60s we lumped them all together because there were three which was really shocking
but evidently it's an it's an AIDS thing you know if you weren't around what had happened I guess you
couldn't be all that shocked right right only five oaths for that spin on there right from the
Gifko WQAM hello. Yes sir. Your phone wouldn't be
consistent after the version of our warden's danger G is tight. It's on there man it's number two with a bullet.
Well not the birth but the death part. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only for
rising I'm telling you man it must be something in the water maybe Jim Jones is in town you think.
Or maybe it's Mike Piazza give him ready for that wedding. Hey I might be coming to QAM hello.
QAM. Yes sir. I got a call I got a month of your call. Yeah. How would it David and get rid of his rug.
Howard that is a good man I like that Howard David. This is lid however you want to put it on there.
Howard David tosses the muskrat. Retires. No no no no no no not retired they're going to forget something else.
We don't want motor retire we just want them two to four mad dogs four to seven week
along. It's not going to change next week it doesn't appear boring some kind of last minute
development here because we got all next week schedule and it looks kind of a clean and pristine and mean to me.
It's still doing the big old five to seven the Humper 7 to 10 us 10 to two mad dog two to four.
All right. More Howard David. Absolutely. 4 to 7. Y'all the couple of days 7 to 10 night.
Then we got that hurricane crap a stuff and then Curtis Davidson looking at maybe Curtis is doing permanent Friday 7 to 10.
That's a good idea Curtis is good on here that spotty does his grotesque and an abortion but that went for gold a cold finger.
Yeah. I told me that Curtis had a cool finger. I don't know what he meant by that.
Somebody Q.A. am. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Yeah. I know that guy goes told to grab from. Yeah. Okay. Good.
Dominic Q.A. Am hello. Q.A. Am. Meal. Yes, sir. Have one for your pay. Sir. Really?
You're going to be a hot fill. Yeah. Our red socks went on to beat the Yankees and break the curse.
Red socks win the world serious. Okay. You got him on that is unbelievable. It was positively unfilial.
Red socks finally win the world serious right. We did Joshua to agree with that. George. Don't care because you just Mr. militantly anti sports.
It's part of life and I don't want to other people play games. I'll get out of here just because you have electors.
I mean you can enjoy a little athletic constipation and participation. Yeah.
And what is the past slapping? Little ass slapping and Josh Strat clapping. Yeah. Thank you.
You won't be watching those big games this weekend. The Philadelphia Eagles and the Atlanta Falcons. You won't be watching that.
What? And of course it's 6.30 Sunday. You won't be watching the New England defending the Super Bowl champion papiates.
Take on the Pittsburgh Stevens right there at Pittsburgh. Shame on you. WQ. Am hello.
Paul and mental people. WQ. Am hello. Uncle male. Yes, sir. Happy Friday. Back to you.
SpongeBob Squarepants being protested by the religious right. Yeah. We know we had that story on yesterday. Thank you so much.
Oh, yeah. And presently can still said to play was pretty good and sputtle all the other red disturbance that went on.
Come to QA and hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. This is one I think makes it on your bowl.
How about the Cuban making Miami what it is today? That word on it. Well, an event. I can't believe that that happened, but it did.
Yeah. Yeah. It sounds like there's a lot of pull. Grabbing out out there. It's nice to share. Man, oh man. Holy tamoli.
Holy tamoli. Whatever you've got there. Well, maybe in April when I'm there, they'll actually come in because I'm doing the shows in the studio for a week in April.
I know it. You know, it's like, you know, what that'll be soon. Let's put that on the whole. What? I'm going to actually do some shows in the studio.
Well, let's see if I don't change my mind first. And there's certain people. By the way, what I'm there that week that I absolutely don't want to see.
Write it down as a reminder on your wrist. Don't be coming around here. You know, glad handing and get a smile and a problem like Greg and Maddie Bell and Fat Boy.
Wow. You should have been there the morning that the you run vacation when the beast was a filling in auditioning for your job and Fat Boy day. It was a setup job.
Josh was there. He's seen it. I did a setup job. I'm going to go in there to get really get him worked up.
Blow it out your ass, Fat Boy. Go sell a spot if that's possible. Okay. Go out there and do some work. You'd tell the crap and quit writing the candy closet. Speaking of closets, WQAM. Hello.
What a new WQAM. Hello.
K.A.K.S.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing today?
Okay, Pellie.
Hey, I just want to the column. Let you know I'm not going to be renewing my dolphin season tickets in honor of of a mad dog.
You know, because the mad dog didn't get paid for 2003 from the dolphins.
Yeah.
So I'm boy. Oh, yesterday I listened to a show. They still owe him from 2003 and I'm sure 2004, which you didn't even mention.
And QIM wrote him a letter stating that if the dolphin didn't pay them, that they would own up and pay him.
And they still haven't done that. So I'm boycotting them. I'm not going to renew. If they're going to screw over the mad dog, they'll screw me over.
All right. Well, they already have done the last part. Believe me.
Yeah. And they don't have a team anyways.
It's a mislast season. Okay. Good luck to Pellie. And by the way, you won't find out too much of what's going to happen with the dolphins because Nick Saban says,
I'm not talking as what he says. That seems to me like kind of a hard ass attitude. They tell me he's entitled to whatever he wants.
But I read about that in very jackass this morning in his big meet and greet with the Hank and Moe and the mad dog and all the rest of the media the other day.
It's like, I'm not going to tell you nothing. Unlike the one steady or when one stat was like, like that, he just wants to improve the team when a lot of games and mum is the word.
Do you see that? I know. And I you know, he's just going to zip his lip. What is it?
What you know, nobody really cares so much about that. Let's see what kind of a team they put together. Let's see whom he acquires.
Let's see what they do to solve the quarterback situation. You know, they got some serious problems. Their offensive line is pretty offensive.
They ain't got no running back. And then their defenses on the field 75% of the games that are like even as though they got a few good players.
Junior say how ain't going to be back is he? Probably. No, probably what he will be. Yeah, maybe get out of here. He's making too much money. That old tub man. Get out of town.
See your real. What team did you say you like? I like the books. The Bucks. Wow. And don't forget the Bucks stop here.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. Miss Holidays season. Give your loved ones the DDD collection. Everyone's talking about. No, not that one.
We're talking about the last classic that combines invasion of the body snatchers with the godfather into the world's only space alien crime drama. The podfather.
Somebody will ask you for a favor. Just put this part on the bed and go to sleep. Hang you podfather.
Oh, I'm a sweet. The podfather. He started as a poor Italian immigrant and somehow overnight became a completely different person. A pod person.
I was supposed to be like this Michael. I want you to be Senator Cori. Governor Cori. Not in human blood firstly, space alien Cori.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
War and Buffet sees no way down, but down for U.S. Dollar. Oh my God. The dollar cannot avoid further declines against other major currencies, unless the U.S. trade and current account deficits improve,
legendary investor in businessman, Warren Buffett said, full brother to Jimmy Buffett. Didn't Jimmy Buffett just die? Tell him. Come on, what was the Buffett, not the Jimmy Buffett from Sheasberg Impertice, what's the other guy that just died? Somebody Buffett? Little Miss Buffett.
I think over time, unless we have a, unless we have a major change in trade policies, I'm gonna see how the dollar of Ford's going down. The World's Second Ritious Individual Troll to CNBC. I guess after Bill Gates, huh?
Ractor, V Gates? I don't know what had happened. I don't have any idea whether it'll be this month or next year or the year after, but we're for speeding dollars onto the rest of the world at a rate of close to a couple of billion dollars today,
and that's going to weigh heavily on the dollar, he says. Oh God. Buffett, no to the record. U.S. deficit of $164.7 billion in the third quarter of 2004 in the current account,
which measures trade and investment flows, and it blows. Buffett nicknamed the Oracle of Omaha for his investment acumen, has an average of $41 billion second order to Microsoft, Steve Bill Gates. See, I told you,
Quintetforms Magazine, but he said he saw a few opportunities in the near term. I'm having a hard time finding things to buy if that says anything about the market. He said,
if I find something tomorrow to buy, I don't give a thought as whether the market is going up. I barrel in if he finds something to buy. He just runs in there with both hands. I've agreed, you know, make it a deal.
Runs in with jumps in a pool with both feet. So what do you think? Can we got anybody running in there with a numbers yet? It's three minutes after one.
No, no, no, I better point the five to three seconds. Got to do what? Oh, you're like redoing the fax machine. I'm plugging it back in. Oh, I see, because my fax machine is a-okay, maybe it is ready to rocket a world. I got a pile of fax paper. I got a new toner, a car for a junior. I got my new drum rocket and rolling. My fax machine is all prepared. Ready? Ready for some good news or some bad news or maybe some horrendous news. Oh, come on.
Got him yet? No. Oh, bad news from the sports world. We don't want to get sports intensive again because the audience gets real surly when we do that.
McGregor suit over Rautweiler attack. You see this, Josh? No, but he was in rocket star Tracy McGregor is being, you know, who that is? Of course.
Is being sued by a man who had the tip of his nose bit enough by the players Rautweiler last year. Fred Chamberlin. What a great basketball name. Fred Chamberlin, 57, was working at McGregor's home in Southlands Orange County. That's in Florida, New Orlando.
And though August 24th when the Daga, the Daga talked them the loss who asking for on specified damages was filed Wednesday in Orange County Circuit Court.
What we want is for a jury to decide what's fair as far as paying Fred for what's come out of his pocket, both in the past and in the future.
Chamberlin's attorney Eric Fattis said Thursday he's definitely going to need more plastic surgery. We got to be sure he has the resources to pay.
McGregor the employee chamberlin is a home maintenance engineer at his 18,000 square foot mansion.
The two time scoring champion paid for Orlando for four years before being created to the rockets last summer.
McGregor in Orlando on Thursday to play his former team acknowledged his dog attacked Chamberlin and nearly bit his nose off.
I feel terrible McGregor said I didn't think he had it in him. McGregor said his pet is a very vicious dog, but that he's usually nice.
Yeah, like OJ is very vicious, but he's usually nice like signing autographs. That was so great. When the bills game, I still can't get over that.
The guy that was he was signing autographs in the stands, OJ and somebody yells down, look out. He's got a knife. Was that it? That the orange ball.
Where did I say was the bill's game or the orange ball game? I said the bill's game. Excuse me. That's USC. I'm sorry. Anyways, usually nice. Even have the dog youth and eyes after the attack, even though he's a bit the guys knows of.
Court to Fattis Chamberlin was attacked on the second floor of the mansion after climbing a flight of stairs. When Max jumped him, Chamberlin fell backward down the 11 stairs.
I feel whiplash now, not only the nose, don't you? Even I can feel it. The dog was trained to attack on Command and Fed as no idea what I chose to attack him.
That's a real good message for all you people out there. If anybody ever likes, especially with a kind of craft driving and sound photo, if anybody ever re-rens you, don't be lucky in a car.
Always remember one thing, whiplash. Just keep ending model. And remember some of those toll free numbers for those ambulance chasing lawyers that we got over.
Just keep watching local TV. You'll see a lot of them. Oh, I mentioned this yesterday. I never got into it. Now, thank God we got a minute before those ratings started coming in.
Are they in yet? No. Oh, borrowing a computer software error. The government says that overstate donations wait problem. A widely reported study last year that said obesity was about to overtake smoking as none. One cause of death in the US.
So I celebrated that by going out and giving an Estellys Turtle ice cream with those nice chunks in it yesterday. The study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Public-Last Martha in the Urinal of American Medical Association said that obesity related deaths climbed between 1990 and 2000 to 400,000 a year in increase of 100,000.
And Wednesdays issued the journal. The government ran a correction. The same the increase was a more modest 65,000 deaths or so. Not increase of 100,000. Okay. So that's 35,000 people who didn't die from fat.
In a statement Tuesday CDC director, Dr. Julie Gerberning said the agency regretted that the computer was not discovered earlier. Integrity is the core value of CDC and the integrity of our unlike the FDA were lying as the name of the game.
And the integrity of our science must be protected. She said we're improving our internal scientific review processes, including moving toward the adoption of electronic review processes.
Despite the correction, the agency said the finding that obesity is a major cause of death still stands. The combination of diet, physical and activity and tobacco are all leading causes of death causing far more than a majority of total less in this country in the year 2000.
So Donna Straup acting director of the CDC's coordinating Center for Health Promotion, regardless of the controversy. It's clear for these people that there are three underlying causes of death most important to the country.
Let me say them again. What are they diet, physical and activity and tobacco smoking and faggots? The errors in the study were discovered soon after it was published.
I like that. So that's bad. Not quite as bad as we thought. How those ratings coming? I'm holding the whole plus today. Oh, I know it. Welcome. Yeah. I want it all. Maybe I want it all. That's what I told Zindy. I want all.
I'm also.
All right.
That's all plus we won't be number one. But let me have a good.
Yeah, somewhere along the line to him. It looks good. All right.
The ratings too. Oh, well, he would know if it looked good. Hey, he don't let him get the enquire. Okay. You won't see him for a couple of weeks. In fact, I may just have to take a hiatus.
I mean, I've seen the girl. Not an hour ago, but I'm talking about just you. Whatever this actor's name. What is his name?
Sino Julio. Any asking him right under my naked on passons many times. That was a very impressed. But this picture is it's like the pictures we got a Carmella.
You know, you got to be impressed. You got to say, hey, what's not to like about that? Let's go hang it out together. You know, speaking of Carmella, don't forget. Be sure.
Whatever you do, I know it's Friday. It's busy. It's the weekend. They got big football coming up all I craft. Don't forget to take a peek at the puke at this.
Thank you. Carmella, bitch, is out of this.
Okay. I hear the facts. Me. She making that yawning sound. Okay. And does says it's looking pretty good.
Oh, right. I like that. I remember something, baby.
We're number one. Damn it.
I got a great scan to fill the hole. I just read page by page. I would. I would. I would not. Let me get my stapler ready here at my own little operation.
Go on. Let's see. Monday through Sunday, 6th and the midnight WQT hot is still number one. We're five four and a summer. There are six three and fall WQT.
They're not so hot in my book with their hot near book WCM QFM FAM 4.2 up to a 5.2 from number eight to number two. This looks like a Julio book to me.
Yeah, exposing throws, baby. As they say in the business life WLYF 5.2 to a 4.9 power for five up to a 4.9.
That's your keep your friend Maddie Bell happy, although he's making crank calls to you today about that to grand you on.
Okay. Yeah. Well, he'll take it under the table and you don't have to pay back the other. What about the money?
EDR. He takes it under the table. EDR 4.6 to before eight. This is 12 plus, which is the whole audience. XDJ is kind of flat WIOD. Oh, look at that. They went way up. How's that possible?
Don't tell me they got a kiss in this thing too. 3.3 to before two. Of course, that's the 12 plus WMIB men in black 37042.
Radio Mam B 4.3 down to a 3.8. Oh, how the mighty of phone out radio Mam B. Where the hell's QA M on here already 12 plus 2.0 to a 2.8?
A 2.2. Which isn't that all that impressive, but 20 second to tie for 16. See, 12 plus includes all the old farts includes a teeny bopper punky of people we don't have.
Listen, kiss 3.0 to a 2.8 kind of flat. This is all Trump. Now we're going to get like, wow, this is going to take a long time in this way, right? Yeah, I got the other one's to what you got.
Persons 18 to 34. We care about that. That person's what is this is just like other than coming in. Oh my God. Who cares about this? Now let's take a look at ESPN radio. Now this again has me too much.
But if they made like some kind of a big jump in here, we can start peeing in our pants big time. Let's see party radio 3.1 to a 2.0.
How do you like that? That doesn't sound too impressive. Do you know what I'm saying? See? Yeah, upside the pot up. Where the hell is that the Disney thing? Oh, you can play that. We're number one thing again. Oh, I can't. Yes.
We're number one. You have a permission. Don't tell anybody that way. We're number one.
So, okay, don't spoil the suspense. Everybody in radio in the markets listen right now. Get what it magic to.
They always want to know how magic went. Why? Three two to a three three pro plus flat up a hair. They went up a hair. And if Ricky Tiki ever took that cap off, he might find out that he's got a hair.
They just one just like that. I don't Trump. One big long strand of hair. Not that I wanted to talk about that. Okay. Let's see.
What am I looking for? What are the callers to see? I don't want to see. Oh my god. Look at the improvement. They made a dramatic rise from a point three to a point six.
Mr. Ego station. W of the station with horsewood. No name a point three to a point five. Wow. Impressive.
WMT. No, isn't that a 50? I don't know what that is. It went from a point O to a point three. Oh, must have been default. But he's gone now. He must have made. He must have been responsible for that huge junk. Right. Keep it mind.
That morning's is going to be Howard sperm. Hail to Howard. Oh, better do the break. Right. So we got like a tough.
Here number one. I'm going to kick some real smelly asses. What I'm hearing from Duff. He knows about smelly ass. One 13 at five 16 WDQM.
Hey, resolve yourself for a better night sleep in 2005 by calling one 800 mattress right now. And don't forget nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health on your well being and productivity.
I just generally the way you feel all around in a good night sleep. And you can get one tonight and for years to come from our friends at dollar.
I'm at risk by calling one 800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's getting saggy or lumpy in your mattress to it's time for a new one.
Choose in the complete line of C. Lee service in his king coil temperate and students and that is foster. The amount of risk takes same day orders all day long from kettle of stew from Palm Beach to four
buyers. And like I've been telling you for years they've got a delivery deal. It's unmatchable. You still pick the date into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered. They show up on time 99.7% of the time. How can you beat that?
Now, the mattress from the 2004 better business bureau local torch award for excellence. I've been using these folks for years and you'll be doing it too once you use in the first time. So instead of wasting your time,
gas and money in your vetting department stores sit there on your fat over the ass pick up the phone to make one easy call.
They'll be there when you want one 800 mattress or log on to their website mattress dot com dial a mattress column today one 800 M a T T R E S.
You will listen to new Roger.
You have to listen to our on 560 50.
You can.
Hey, you love him so you always will you look at him and see another guy who's gay.
Yeah, but are you ever gone to see your wedding day?
No.
Wedding day.
They have got some love still.
Now to the wedding.
You're the wedding.
No one wants to see any more gay way.
Wedding.
You can't love our Larry.
So you can't very happy.
Call the same and tell to you.
Okay, now I don't know what's the other thing.
I think it's on your ass and maybe this was like one batch yet a bad batch.
Sorry, because it's not a bad one.
We're here. No, we're having problems over here.
Are you really with what with your facts machine?
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello.
There's a big white stripe down the left side.
They're not in the beginning, but like after a while.
And no, it's not me because I got my all my supplies here.
You know, my school supplies.
No, that stuff.
I got everything like right up to date like Robbie Benson said in that movie one on one.
School supplies.
Grow up already.
Robbie, will you people are starting to talk?
Oh, let's see.
So what have I got?
Monday.
This is 12 plus.
Now how come we don't have any more stuff coming through here?
Come in.
Oh, Monday to Sunday.
The week, men 25 54.
Look at that.
Did we kick some asses of QAM?
Holy cow, we don't know.
We don't know our, let's side from our right hip.
Our eyeball is where our ass is supposed to be.
And we're still kicking ass.
It's a miracle.
We're almost number one in men.
We're number two.
The overall station from, look at that hot bee this out.
You bastard you.
That's a Disney man.
We're going to get your ass Disney.
Have another drink.
Okay.
Old red nose.
Hot 6.8 in men.
This is the full week QAM 6.6 up from a four point in a summertime.
Of course this was still what's stirring on.
Stirred obviously had himself a pretty decent, in fact, person is 12 plus in a morning.
He went from a, although I would be kicked ass too.
I don't know why.
Stirred went from a two out of a three five.
We went and midday from a, what do we do?
Two way to a four oh.
Not too bad.
That's 12 plus, huh?
Pretty good number in 12 plus if you ask me.
WI would be 12 plus in the afternoon or three seven to a five oh they still kicked ass.
And spite losing that big September man.
All those rush people.
All those right wingers.
And the rest of the second barely meet the, uh, the, the callers.
Can you?
I guess you must be.
I don't know.
Are you there?
Are you alive?
What are you doing?
Fixing the facts.
1.8 to a two two in the afternoon three to seven.
I don't know for on 12 plus.
I don't we don't care about 12 plus.
Okay?
Nobody cares.
And then they got a new thing combined drive time, which the, I can't read any of the callers on it.
It's your fax is all missed up.
So anyway, there's that is what we got so far.
And there were 25, 50, 40, 40 men.
I smell some bonus money.
We already got little bonus in there for being number two in men overall in the station, huh?
Yeah.
See, I told you no matter how this comes out, people can say, well, uh, hey, listen,
there, uh, did great.
But the problem is their line up is the same as it used to be or, uh, on the other hand, if it wasn't on crappy,
we could say, oh, well, we didn't do so well, but the line up is changed.
Now we got a new improved lineup.
See?
So I think it's a loose, loose, I mean, a win-win situation, right?
Right.
Okay.
He's still Georgia still back there working.
I'm working on it.
We have to fix it somewhere else.
Oh, my, well, what a horse ball place.
The fax machine is broken and you're going to have to fix it from some place else.
Well, who's going to be on that assignment?
We have a crew.
We have the wrecking crew, the morning wrecking crew.
I wonder if Ron Hershey's in there, huh?
He ain't doing nothing.
I say the crew.
The EQM faxing crew.
That's right.
Just a fax, man.
Okay.
So I'm anticipating by this tremendous overall number 2554.
We might have some more serious bonus money coming.
This fight of birth needs to be enough for our lives, huh?
You think?
Oh, thanks a lot, Greg.
We can't let that out without you.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for being the easiest.
I want any people to vote for you, but you're on.
Robin, give me.
Are you an official now?
No.
I mean, oh, it's not official till you read it.
I see.
I was thinking of sports and athletes who got some problems.
Remember that the Beret-Robbins story at Vanskin Robbins the other day?
Yeah, right.
A bullet pierced his heart in other Islam, but former Oakland Raider football player Beret-Robbins
wasn't finished dishing out a beating on the three Miami beat officers who found him hiding
in a women's bathroom on South Beach according to the recipe for at least Wednesday.
Robin snarled, growled, and uttered an expletive while clutching his wounded chest to report
said, then the man who police stay staying six foot four ways, three hundred and eighty
pounds managed to slack the gun from an officer before sitting down on the Florida Way
Per Rescue.
The hand slappers and up to knock the officer down, police said.
Robin's brawl with police on Saturday is detailed in the rest of the day, but used to charge a
former pro-bore with here.
I didn't know he was a borer.
Oh, pro-bore.
With three counts of a ten-seat, that's not a good term, pro-bore.
See?
You know what I mean?
I mean, he played in the pro-bore, but it could also mean he's volling these days, you know?
The pro-bore.
Right.
Which is a counts of attempted murder on Wednesday.
The police were called to an office building that houses playwright Irish pub after the
pub's owner and a head chef confronted Robin's home to leave but ignored them.
After they found him, Robin's 31-legile punched and kicked one officer repeatedly, body
slammed another and tried to rest it gun away from a third before he was shot, cornered
the police report.
Okay, that's it.
I'll take a scare of that.
I just want to know if they're going to be faxing from out of the machine, what are they
doing now?
Like they faxing one word at a time?
I mean, probably driving over to a building that has a thinner.
I see.
No, well, what's the story?
They're seriously.
They're going to find a machine that works and use it, I assume.
Yeah.
Well, that's really a people kind of way of doing this, you know, thing is they gave up
the ghost here.
When you consider that everybody in town is sitting around their waitingers, including
the people, the 40 people who are still working in his business who aren't automation machines,
who are waiting to find out if they still have a job or not.
And in the meantime, how did IOD want to put another big, bogus month in December?
Must have been them right wingers got a whole bunch of diaries again, huh?
I don't understand that.
Jesus.
That's also the, huh?
Jesus helped them.
Is that what it was?
It was Jesus.
Oh, Jesus is praying for the evil doers at the, whatever the hell they are at queer channel.
I don't, what just happened there with my 2554?
Didn't you send me one sheet?
Oh, here it is right on top.
Now, what do they do 2554?
Three nine to a four six.
See, they still had, they still have pretty decent number in there.
Although we beat them.
We beat the pants off of them, man.
2554, man, we kick your ass, baby.
Now, if I had the rest of those sheets, I could tell you how those other competitors did,
but I don't.
So, how about the, how about that sports wax here?
Are they in these two pal?
I got us two pages.
Sixth am to midnight.
So, I got, sorry, that's all that went through.
Yeah.
No, it wouldn't suck up anymore.
What do you mean by that?
You know, when you fact the sheet gets sucked into the mini-biter, it stops sucking.
Oh, I hate when that happens.
Oh, bet.
Oh, my God, I cannot believe that.
And I'll put it sucking.
Wow.
That's what it said.
That is shocking.
In fact, that might be on our pole.
It's so shocking.
The QM facts machine crafts out.
OK, here's a page.
Here's my back pages as the bird said in the other round.
OK, let's see.
Oh, this is the same thing I had before, but that's OK.
At least it's an omen, but they're coming through very slowly.
They must be hand feeding them like one sheet at a time, kind of like they're doing a
clan, one sheet at a time.
So I could still read the same numbers.
Hot, one and men, six, eight, QM red on their ass, six, six, boy, that's so close.
That's the overall week.
SDJ 500 to a five nine.
What's that?
That's the no speaking English.
Big four nine to a five three.
It actually went up in that's amazing without Howard.
Oh, no.
Don't tell anybody about that.
That'd be bad for Howard zero.
CMQ FM 400 to a five one WIOD 390 to a four six.
They went up a boy week.
We passed him like they were standing still.
Man, we kicked the rest by two full points.
Power.
Three two to a four three.
The coast three three to a three seven.
Anybody paying attention to these numbers?
No.
Let's kill some great time on a Friday.
Then life EDR WMIB to a six up to a three four MIB.
Huh?
They're raffinate.
Love 94th.
Four six down to a three two.
And nobody wants you to have jazz crap anymore.
Okay.
Nobody wants you to have a crappy jazz PD.
PD Bulger and Rona Fink.
Kiss three seven out of a two way.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
We don't know those people.
They're another building.
Party radio.
Oh my God.
I got to find that thing.
Where is it?
See.
No, seriously.
Oh, here it is.
The party is definitely overturned out the lights.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Wow.
I mean, hot me of a beat.
And I'm a man for number one.
But but it that the P Y in that party thing that is done.
That was a raspberry by the way, Joyce.
A little tiny and don't be dominant.
Uh, they're Josh.
So you notice how Joyce and Josh both begin with a J.O.
I noticed.
Yeah.
J.O.
What does that mean?
Joe.
Joe mama.
Radio.
Romance.
Three one to two four.
See, these are coming very nicely.
Nice and slow.
So it gives me time to like staple it together.
I feel like one of the staple singers.
Maybe I'll start singing at good old time religion.
staple singer.
Here's let's let's take a look at the morning.
Look at that.
Looky, looky.
Here comes cookie.
Remember when I remember you used to say that?
Yes, he did.
He probably wouldn't mind me to remind you
he ever said that.
But let's before we do that, let's see how the men did on Waxi.
OK, because everybody said, oh, that Waxi boy, they're
going to go.
They went from a 0.7 to a 1.5.
They went from 26 to 20.
Third.
You've heard.
Not too impressive, because all they got is your rose.
W-I-N-Z-A-M, that's what's a obscure America.
0.8 to a 1.4.
They're still right down there scraping around
near the bottom of the barrel.
OK, now, now we start getting these day parts.
Let's do the break first.
And I can like to put this all together.
But looking pretty good there for Stern.
Stern is singing.
We're number three dammit in the fallbook in the morning.
W-X-D-J still consistent.
9.5 in the summer.
9.5 in a fallbook.
Number one, W-X-D-J.
It is absolutely...
8.5 in the spring.
Hot.
8.5, that was 7.2, but hanging on the second spot.
And Q-A-M in the morning, it was Stern 3.75 up to a 6.8.
Third.
Third, huh?
And then big 5.0 to a 5.8.
Big Ashley went up in the morning.
Now, that's Paul and Old Ron, isn't it?
I don't know anymore.
Told you they were great that Armature was always better.
It's like when you have leftover.
Sometimes the stuff pays better the second time around.
So Armature is even better the second time around there.
Although I will say Stern beat him, but not by a big margin.
6.8 to a 5.8.
Of course, the fact that we were bleeping a crap out of Stern
and making it into pieces with cheese,
and it was on our crappy A-M-SIGL,
that didn't help any, but nevertheless...
A-M-SIGL!
And I-O-D, 3.2 to a 4.2 from 12th to 5th in the morning.
In men, 25 to 54.
Anyway, it's 27 after 1, I'm exhausted.
This is always a big workout, you know?
And I realize a lot of people out there, all 20 of you,
who are in a business, are like sitting around a rave,
oh please, please, Neil, tell us, we'll get to it.
We'll get around to it.
Great to have you.
Great to have you.
Great set, congratulations.
Let me just remind you of one thing.
Don't ever forget this as long as I was.
Break H-U.
Okay.
Just keep that in mind.
Bye, Greg.
Thanks for that great deal, by the way.
You're the best.
27 after 1 at 5.60 WQM,
if you decided to start the new year off,
right and trimmed out with the abkins,
the Southbeats, the sugarbusters,
or any low-carb sugar-free diet,
then head forward to the Liza Westboka.
Even TV's biggest losers are following a low-carb diet,
and their weight loss is incredible.
For years, the Liza has helped thousands of low-carb divers
and it has achieved their weight loss goals.
The Liza Westboka is your low-carb,
one-stop-shop for the right supplements and best selection,
and best tasting low-carb foods.
Stop it and sample any of their over 1200 low-carb products
like their new chocolate dip cheesecake on a stick,
and their famous carbolite soft-tiered ice cream.
They got an eligible staff who knows low-carb dieting inside and out
and they're open every day till 10 in the PM,
and don't forget to guarantee lowest price policy too
with the Liza and all-ackens,
carbolite, and purity-like products too.
If you're one of those desperate people
who are just looking for some variety on your low-carb diet,
this is the place, and don't forget the Liza will not be under sold either.
The Liza's on the Northeast Code of Replays in 441 next to Boston Market
are caught on toll-free at 1-877 Low-Carb,
that's with A.W. L.O.W., C-A-R-B,
or on a web at lowcarbwithaw.com.
The Liza Westbokers, your official Atkins retail center.
You are listening to Neil Roger,
and Mr. Clips and Dr. Merb on 566-8-U-A-M.
Who's your daddy? Who's your daddy?
Is he a truck driver or a caddy?
If finding deadlocks, grim,
just call up Fox and they'll locate him.
Who's your daddy? Who's your daddy?
Is he voting for the Benning Daddy Fox?
Is it rock bottom?
Cause what if your daddy is silent?
And what's there of a Jacic Ghost looking for rating?
What?
Is there a ghost who's your dim set host?
All right.
Or really, maybe who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Is he a Mel-Brositude named Matty?
And Sussley's a Rama.
Kevin Ford bin, the guy's mom bin.
Cause what if there might be a Sama?
Oh, oh, it's 132-560-W.
All I can say is...
We're number one, Jimmy!
Might be impressive, you know what?
We're number one, Jimmy!
Okay, don't waste any more of my fast paper by saying anything like 18-34 whoever is faxing please.
I noticed that their fax machines started to do the same thing on his left side.
So there's his undiverged crap and out too.
And then the Nikki team, we're going to get these at 7am and that's it.
So I needed 12 plus Ben 25, if you're for the rest day, you know, you can tell me about.
Write me a note, send me an email.
Okay.
I got a highlight.
Okay, I got it all.
That's a thumb stop.
And off, get a...
Got it?
We get the message to Garcia.
We got it.
The message to Jeff Garcia.
Okay.
Okay, here's what we got.
Men 25, 54, are you ready?
Cause I know a lot of people in the business are really concerned.
We picked some big smelly ass, man.
I'll tell you that in spite of certain people interfering.
Wasn't he just there in the doorway?
No, then he have a...
He have like a...
I don't even know what a straight look on his face.
No, not one of those books for the suits and a crappy haircut.
I mean, like he told you that with a straight face?
He wanted to pass it along to you.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
With a straight face as opposed to a gay face?
As opposed to a way...
Gay face.
Or maybe even a...
FAAAAMING!
Like your buddy out there at the front desk, Miss Carlos, Miss Thing.
6 to 10 am, 25, 54 men.
That's the where it's at, man.
Everybody wants those 25 to 54 men.
So, of course, it'd rather have the 18 to 24 men, but that's another story for later.
Including...
Oh, no, he's 26.
Jesse, whatever his name is.
Uh, sure.
Huh?
Jesse Ventura McGill.
Wow.
26.
I'm going to have to extend my horizons there by a couple years.
Let's see.
Now, what are we doing?
SDJ.
I've already told them this.
This is...
I'm more annoyed than mornings.
WSDJ.
Now, is that...
They got that hot morning show on there.
No speaking English.
Yeah, they're...
What is it?
Yadda, yadda, yadda.
Some kind of a stupid show.
Hot 105 is number two in the morning, like they were last time,
but dropping a point in the third.
QAM.
Howard Stern from a 370 with 680 in the morning, from 5th to 3rd.
Big?
580 with 580.
I just got through doing this before.
IOD32 to 420.
What was with this IOD crap?
RTO.
Well, that's because a lot of this October and November are like election heavy-duty stuff, you know?
Radio Hintmo, 360 with 340.
Power.
240 with 330.
CMQ.
Now, let's see in the morning what these other stations do.
Because isn't that one Joe Rose is on in the morning on 790, right?
Right.
Am I B?
Life?
The coast?
Waxi, one two to a two-eighth.
There you go.
That's the only impact I think they're going to show you all day is the Rose Meistered Little
Dog.
They went from 23rd to 13th.
They're on the move.
They're on the march.
Freedom's on the march on Waxi.
That's all they got though.
EDR Zeta.
Oh, Zeta, boy.
They really stink the joint out.
KISS, 350 with 250.
They're not doing it, man.
So he's going to can down the road there.
Look at that.
WNMA.
Mr. Ego.
Actually threw a number in there.
And for the first time ever, a 0.8 in the summer and a 2.8.
The fall.
Look at that.
Nice going there, Steve.
You lunatic.
You crazy person.
How do you like that?
Well, must be the political thing.
You know, everybody whipped up.
Tis the seat.
Party.
Oh, my God.
Holy moly boys and girls.
Party radio to keep playing the root over and over again.
And once in a while fruit fly.
Look at that.
They are dead.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
In the morning from a 3.4 to a 1.7, that is a disaster.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
That's embarrassed.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
That's you really.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
That's like everybody over there gets fired at kind of a number.
Right?
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Okay, get lost.
Go have a drink.
Love 94.
Oh, they really took a dump.
Good.
Oh, that's not bad.
We like them over there.
No, not love.
We like life.
Right?
Because that's like the TV.
Light FM.
That's life.
L.Y.
Well, that's not their demo anyway.
They always get these bogus numbers.
They went to 3.5 to 3.0.
They don't have any man listening to light FM.
Unless they're little gay.
Light.
Let's see.
I.N.Z.
A.M.
Now, that's, I don't even know who's on in the morning on that.
It's pure America.
Who's on there?
Well, the goddess is on the first hour.
They're at least consistent.
Some of them had a 0.8.
Now, they got a 0.8.
In other words, what's the point?
You know, FTL.
That's that 850 abortion right where PD Lenny is and Bob Eisenberg and all those other great sales people.
They went from not showing up at all to a 0.6.
That's really a deep hope.
Was deep thought on in the mornings?
I was in the mornings.
I believe in you.
I wasn't doing a mornings on there.
Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding me?
A cleverly guy like him is going to drag his ass out of it in the morning into a radio show.
You and the ankle bracelet off in the morning get out of here.
KAT 0.3 to a 0.4.
Of course, now they got that big talk format coming up real soon.
That's going to be really big.
Oh, yeah.
What's the point?
Okay.
Let's see.
Min 2554 midday.
Here's our story.
Look at that.
Thank you to this audience, man.
They are just continuing to put up with our craft and put up with Greg Reed's manipulation and machination and palpitations.
How did we do it?
In fact, you know something.
This belongs on the pool.
Right?
How do we say this?
QA and fall book.
Here, the QA and fall book.
The QA and fall rating book.
That is a one historical event you least believe could have happened.
With all that dillent around and the screwing around it.
And this one's on first and nobody knows who's on second.
And the line of shifting and changing and everybody disgruntled it.
People foaming at the mouth.
And we still take that.
Min 2554, 10 to 3.
And you know it's a higher number than that because two to three would all respect to the man dog.
What do they get?
They had their five, six.
We're at the end of about a 10 share, man.
We're back in double digits again, I believe.
With all the dust clears, when the smoke blows, when a gray smoke starts coming out of the chimney there in the QA building.
I think we're right around a 10 share, man.
And we couldn't have done it with our Josh quarters.
That's right.
Do you believe me Josh?
I do.
There you go.
That's good.
See the old confidence.
It's about time to start new.
We've used some confidence.
Just please pick the sealer.
It's the one on Sunday.
Please.
Oh, he exudes out the time.
He is exuding him.
So we went from a 5.8 number two in the summertime to a 9.6 number one.
I'm mild by three points just about holy and moly.
Neil, how do you do it?
Deal, guys.
It's all with Greg's help, baby.
Greg, we can do it without Greg and the Vizlays Carol and Joyce, of course, really really extended her hand.
And we chopped it, man, with an X.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised that Joyce winds up into woodshipper by the end of the year.
WIOD's number two, 5.1 up to a 6.8.
And again, that's got to be because of all that the election stuff, right?
October, November, December, too much.
We're like heavy election stuff.
Well, they're not the only thing that I hear.
He had a number.
CMQFM is third.
Way up.
Hot.
Now, CMQFM, is that like a talk Spanish or is it like a music?
He asked me all the time.
And you don't know that.
I never know.
Get with it, man.
Get with it.
Prove it.
You're sitting there eating Mexican food.
I mean, Mexican food.
Exactly.
The radio.
Yeah, sure it does.
If he had never that, you'll start listening to Radio Mam B.
5.42 to a 5.1 WSDJ292.47.
Big 5.1 to a 4.7 down a little bit.
Actually, big did okay.
They ought to be a P in their pants over there with Bleigh.
They lost Stern.
They had a Yankem off the year.
And in the meantime, although we got a good number in them out of that one book.
Thanks, Holly.
Have a great life.
Coast.
3.5 to a 4.3.
The coast.
82 along the coast.
Piece of crap.
Life.
5.6 to a 4.2.
MIB.
Okay, this is midday.
I'm sure that maybe Humphor and some other people won't know about the afternoon.
Well, it could have been better.
It could have been worse.
Move it up a little bit.
Hot's the number one in many of the afternoons.
5.1 to a 6.9 from 4th to 1st.
Hot.
Hot had a big book, baby.
It is hot.
Don't touch it.
Don't put your hands on that radio.
You're going to get fried.
Of course a lot of you already are.
Big 5.8 to a 6.0 on the afternoon.
Look at that big, just a big one thing.
What's that all about?
Hmm.
That's the present good music, honey.
I doubt it.
No.
I would be 5.0 to a 5.8 and QM 4.4 to a 5.6.
So they beat us up a little bit in the afternoon.
But you know what the chicken and wood pot was with that deal?
Yes.
I guess it was suspended in the afternoon for 6 weeks in this book.
I'll give you a clue.
Yeah, there you go.
Power went up a little bit in the afternoon.
So down the hall there, Kate Curry.
It's a good guy.
We like Kate Curry a lot, although we don't like the smelly curry.
But he's probably pretty happy.
Although I don't know about the younger demos.
That's their thing.
This isn't their bag.
SDJ.
Now what about the afternoon?
Who they got now?
What about midday on the waxy?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Who's on midday on waxy?
That Craig winner of Vini Weenie?
Is he on?
I know they had a big dance Patrick show.
The dance Patrick show?
Well, how can we compete with that?
I mean, once they went on with that, we went zooming up to an all 10 share.
Let's see, Skaramerica 140 will win a waxy.
Oh, they made him old, baby.
A .9 to a 1.0.
Oh, look out.
We're number one, Dan Mayger.
There was no one who got your rejoins in.
No one ever told you they would separate those soon.
Marriages are joke because actors are such bums.
They'll let the boys slow you, say get from here.
Winning fairy last year, you're week of month.
Or even I give.
Yeah.
I'm not a friend of Jen or true.
So the best of these is why I'm not Jen or true.
Why they even turned out not friend of Jen or true.
Now, the takes from one new.
Come to find out it's Angelina Jolie.
She's the chigger with that marriage wood file.
And she was the reason that Brad said, uh, bye bye.
Isn't that kind of unusual?
Isn't it usually the other way around that the woman wants her to have a family once have babies?
Isn't that the husband wants it to pursue the career or what originally the way it works?
Yeah, but out of Brad's case, he's a little kind of lady like anyway.
You know, he's got a pretty ass.
I haven't seen it.
I actually didn't see it in that picture.
I was kind of embarrassing.
Uh, let's see, 723 votes on the pool.
What historical event could you least believe?
Do you believe could?
How do I say it?
What historical event do you least believe could have happened?
How to work on that wording for hours just to make sure I got it grammatically correct?
We like to enjoy it.
It was 250, we all say.
Oh my God.
It was much more than IQ larger than our thumbnail said that.
The resurrection of Jesus 149, the Lord has come.
He's returned.
He made a comeback.
Oh, Jay gets acquitted 82.
That was not really shocking, but dismaying.
Of course, uh, oh, brother.
You know who we have to go to for justice, don't you?
9163, QM gets its acting out of 46, of course.
Let us know when that date is.
Okay, in history.
Noah's arc 42.
He's just, now, wasn't he singing if I had a hammer when he was doing all that?
Because it must have been a take a long time.
Did you see it?
I had a hammer whose nail in it.
My fiance gets very 23.
I don't think he's going to be nailing anybody, at least not her.
Man walks into moon 23, the hollow cost 15.
Ricky Williams leaves the dolphins 9 and craps out.
The sadstations of the 66, red talks win the World Series 5.
More Howard David had flips his wig.
3.
The heat get the 3.
The war on Vietnam won and the QM fall ratings book just went on there.
But it is one of the incredible wonders of the history of the human race,
along with this picture of Jesse, what's the thing?
I'll see.
I started to say that I went into the break.
Laxi in midday from a 0.9 to a 1.0.
That's a pretty impressive.
Not too good.
Where is it?
I can't even find it now.
That's so bad.
It's not about the 85th page here.
There it is, 0.9 to 1.0.
And in the afternoon, again, I think this is a byproduct of a Hank's 6-week suspension,
which is totally unacceptable and hurt us.
They went from a 0.4 to a 1.4.
Maybe they didn't want to hear it.
I don't know.
I don't want to blame him for it.
But I will.
Let's see.
What else in the afternoon?
So we remember four in the afternoon, men.
Four four to five, six, again, and spend just on Iodis ass, that Tom Schmidt-Mister.
But you'll see some things change, though, because now that that whole political season
is over and people are off the...
Look at that.
Even scare America in the afternoon went from a 0.6 to a 2.0.
Oh!
Right?
And they got that Ed...
What's his name on there?
Ed Schneider, Spiderman Spider?
Shoals?
Shoals?
Yeah.
Ha-ha!
A perfect name for the times in which we live.
Shoals.
Next day, it'll be the Battenberg Show, huh?
With Prince Harry.
It's kind of scary.
In fact, look at him.
It's pretty scary right there.
Who are you, kid and man, without Irish...
You know, he's got that reddish face with the Irish...
That reddish complexion.
Guess what?
I've been in Germany.
I've seen a lot of those complexes there, too.
Not kidding me.
The British...
The German-British Role family.
I still say they got to put a swastika on it.
What do they call it?
A British flag?
Union Jack.
The Union Jack.
Yeah.
How about the Union swastika?
It's a little...
Clippin.
Yeah, that's a little Clippin' paste.
What do you say?
And of course, to tap off all of this for you, we've got...
One of the greatest photos in the history of the Beated Curtain, if you ask me...
And I modestly will tell you it is impeccable and I found her.
I discovered her.
I mean, you saw her first, but like the picture I don't think was in all that impressive.
It was a great visit.
It wasn't impressive.
I didn't see it.
No.
But I discovered it on that.
And of course, we can all thank, including Josh Cordis wants to especially thank Jeff Garcia
for getting involved in that story there.
And I have a little counter-tombs in the bar there.
Right?
Good for him.
Do we want it good for hers?
Well, they do.
They are for, you know, assaulting that chick.
But we never would have heard of her.
Right.
That's right.
Nice go on Carmella.
Even I love you.
Dearly, she is beautiful, man.
In fact, let me take another look at that Beated Curtain today.
I just can't get over it.
And then every day next week, we'll have...
Eric did save that top five list.
And now I got it in my pile.
Yes, he did.
Besides, what's wrong with the roast beef taco?
We were doing so well.
And right away, there you go.
I think the food was just here.
Yeah.
They didn't bring in a roast beast, okay?
Yes, they did.
Although everybody would like to roast a beast.
And then we'd get him off.
Now, if you just paint Maddie Bell with two grand back, they just swam.
Let me know.
Everything would be okay, right?
Just come on.
Come on.
If you had told me two grand, I'm going to cough up a little bit more there.
Three.
Let me just take a little, I always wear a grand now.
Carmella, take a little, and we still got the Meredith Baxter's burning.
She's still on there underneath this burning bonus.
A little on the saggy side of me.
But the bus is holding on, Carmella.
Carmella is looking just as...
And that guy's got some complaints.
I'm going to tell you right now, anybody who complains about any of these photos we got of Carmella.
The Caesar is strictly...
Faggot.
Faggot.
Faggot.
Faggot meaning, even this flame.
And the fact that meaning we sit right here, even I see the incredible physical beauty of this.
Don't be feeding me no crap.
Roast beef my ass.
Oh, keep an eye on that.
Yeah.
You got it.
Wow.
Reiner, not the...
Reiner and Reiner, man.
Speaking of the beast.
Yeah, there's a...
That's something we don't like to roast.
In fact, stick them...
Put them on a spit, can you see?
Is that what they do?
Like a Christmas time, they put a big pig on a spit.
And they roast it?
Oh, yeah.
I can see roasted beast right now.
I'd like to be there to like the fire.
Like the fire.
Like my fire.
Anyway, I'm just rambling out because we're very excited about being number one.
And especially about the bonus money, you know.
The ego stuff.
And, you know, even if you've been doing it for a long time.
It's the same thing.
And he comes in there telling me, oh, congratulations on a great book.
And I'm like, oh, you're great.
Okay.
Okay.
Great.
We know it.
This isn't something new.
It's been going on for how many years now?
About 30, man.
Then there are 30 years.
All right.
There are people out there actually like the show.
I know.
And of course, there are a lot of people right now scratching their heads.
Oh, when are we missing on Howard today?
Yeah.
Can you believe that?
That was the excuse for making sure that we had on a full show every minute.
Which of course, I know damn well that whatever the deal was they must have made.
Must have said they got to carry it until the last gas, the last,
the last, Robin does the last story every day, right?
The last of the two.
The excuse being, oh, well, I was concerned what the loosters would think they missed
if we caught Howard off at 10 every day.
Yeah, right.
But in the meantime, we still survived.
And how do you like that?
In addition to which what kind of an omitted stern have on there in the morning?
Six eight.
And what do we have in nine six?
Huh?
Huh?
But thanks to Howard for good lead and no for three months.
Thanks, Holly.
We had some fun in there, right?
Okay.
We didn't have a six, eight.
We had a nine, six.
We had a three point sister.
Amen.
Well, we didn't have any fun when I was going on to me.
Sure, it was disturbing.
And in the beginning, we thought it was going to be great.
And that's because we were looking at it selfishly like, oh, wow.
We're only working three and a quarter.
And by the way, Mo, I'm not that old that I'm getting tired, okay?
The first couple of days I will be honest with you after doing all those short shows.
It's not so much physically that you're tired,
but that your voice starts crapping out after three hours.
You have to go into training.
You're talking four hours of it.
Hey, people think it's easy.
You know, when you're only getting paid 15, 20 million a year,
you've got to like, you know, exercise your local chords.
How do you do that?
You've got to work it.
Gargle.
Like that guy that calls every day, he's just exercising his vocal chords.
The Gargle.
What's he Gargle?
Raise your blades.
We hope.
No, you don't think I'm talking about it.
The guy that, that one.
You just got to exercise it.
Work it, man.
Work it, work it, work it.
It, oh, man.
You work it more.
The more you work it, the better it works.
That's what I've heard.
Leave you me.
That's what everybody I know is always told me that.
The more you work it, the better it works.
So exercise your vocal chords.
Speak, man.
Speak.
And so now, like four hours is not a big deal.
You're not finding like a big strain now.
It's like a normal.
You can't even look here.
Yeah, it's back to what we've done for years.
We've been doing four hours.
Moes are on.
Don't, don't, don't.
You're a worst now.
Of course, he's back to three hours now.
Not that I can't.
I want to sit or we want it or anybody wants it.
But he's doing three hours.
And I think he's holding his own.
You want to sit and we need you holding your own.
It's exclusively on five seconds.
Two, three, and...
Right, right, right.
