Drudge back and forth, Ray, let's throw it in
I really don't remember
So, yay, let's throw it in
Thank you so much, and here
Oh, what?
So, you remember when
I said I had to throw it in
So, let's throw it in
And get away now and sleep
Oh, now let's count to count
Count to count the vote again
True winners won't say no
Let's say no
Again, only answer again
We need a lot more paper
But true let vote again
With the vote you need
True let's push back, no more
And we need a collaterated
But true let vote again
We need a lot more paper
But true let vote again
We need a lot more paper
But true let vote again
True winners won't say no
Again, only answer again
We need a lot more paper
But true let vote again
We need a lot more paper
But true let vote again
Oh, we need a lot more paper
10-1-5-60-WQ
I'm happy Wednesday, too
We're starting to make a little progress, right?
We got most signed in Grave and Goldiar
And you're right, Mo, I made a mistake
I made a bad mistake
I suggest it wouldn't be a bad idea to put you on from 2 to 4
I mean, I was going on yesterday
And he caught me
Not that I have any way of knowing those
Don't get panicked here
You think you're going to get a number in the computer
I'm not sure if he's calling you
Drinking suds or D-fo
Who now knows and who cares, okay?
But he's monitoring, man
He's making sure that he's right on my case there
No matter what I, if I make a slip up
Mo will be there right on top of it
I'm listening
I'm sure he is
But believe me, it wasn't my first
And it won't be my last
Anyway, I'm not listening anymore myself
I'm all through with that
Because I had enough angst myself during that Christmas
New Year's week
No, I know I had enough my own service
I don't need anybody else's
I'm tired of it
Look, I'm just over-saturated with this
Beasley crap and Joyce
And this one wants that
First of all, Mad Dog, get yourself a lawyer
Get an agent, a real lawyer
Get some of that what I've taken care of you
That's for you in five minutes
I mean, what I've taken you much longer
If I hadn't paved the way, said the ground
Or if you would have had him call me
I would have told him how to handle it
How to get it done
Very simple
He's got the offer on the table from the other place
And all he's got to do is tell him, look, even this contract
It's like a little cabrazzi man
Either your signature is on a contract or your brains
Of course in Greg's case
It's only like, you're squiggle is on it
I don't think he sounded contracts anymore
She didn't sign mine
Carolyn Beasley signed my contract
Because Greg pervericates a lot
He's a liar
At any rate, I would have told you, Mad Dog
How to get that all done
But I just can't handle it
Because I was sitting here doing some work yesterday
And I punched him up and same stuff again about how he's just filling in
And oh, get it done already
Where you're wearing us out, everybody
Get it done, at least the hopper is done
He sounds pretty happy anyway, doesn't he?
He does, chipper
Well, good for him
How do I, Josie Lambie, you're so full of crap man
There's just so much crap and so little time
You know what?
The good thing I did not return his call
And the reason I didn't return his call yesterday is because all he wanted to do was
Know his around
Hey, Josie, you're too nosy, okay?
Yeah, he probably knows Josie
That's the crap
Yeah, that's Josie
How much money I'm making?
None of your business, I'm not interested in that ego crap
Well, I make it as, who cares, it's an impressing somebody?
I don't give a crap
So he writes a bunch of crap into Palm Beach Post today, which we'll get to eventually
Joy Burman is our beaded curtain lady today, I didn't even look at it
I did do our research, but I didn't look at the picture
To see if it's up to our usual fine standards
Be sure to take a peek when you go to the beaded curtain if you're over the age of 75
At the Supreme Court justices and you'll be pleased to know the John Stewart book is back in the
Gulf for Mississippi Library, I'll tell you about it
Did they put a sticker over that page?
Oh, I don't know if they stuck her or not
Let's see, let me take a look, she looks like somebody
Yeah
No, seriously, she looks like somebody, I know, well that's a fine picture, she's like there in the water
All wet and soaked
Yeah, with a couple of huge natural, those aren't the artificial believe me, they're for real
Beautiful, natural beauty
Those are two of the most beautiful boobies in the history of mankind and they're for real, they're definitely not artificial
God had a good day that day
Did he really? Yeah, what do you mean?
Must have been up to the, must have been to make up for the tsunami day
Because you knew you'd have bad days like that
So on this day he said, oh well today I'm going to create a work of art
For this year, what's the story on her? Her bio is very important
I know what you wanted to tell me about her, I just, that's all I know about her
In the morning of October 31st 1975, which makes her 29
Almost about 30, about quite 9.5
She was born in New York City, one of seven kids born in WWII veteran
Her filmography is, it, one, wildredgirls.com, where she plays herself
AKA Playboy's WildredGirls.com
I don't know what that means
And anyway, she was the Playboy suburb girl of the week, third week of May 2001
And her measurements are 34c
34c? Oh no
34c, 2435
34c
What a coincidence, that must be just a coincidence, isn't it?
I'm sure it is
What does that, that can happen?
I don't know, I understand, I understand
Where did you find that? What's that? I know it's in under me
HD-34c
You have a, like a, the number?
Yeah, the number
I don't find it, I know it's in here
Just put HD-3
Oh, brother
Sorry, sorry folks, to start out like this
And I can't find it, oh well, it's not worth it, might not be in there
When you, huh?
When you got it, played again
31c was 31c
Oh man, it's your great head moment
You can't be bothered to kick around, is it?
He's fun
And his own bizarre looks, anyway
It's great, yeah when he just lets it all hang up
When he lets us her down
So there's Joy Burman, take a long look at her, you'll enjoy it very much
And then take a look down, there's Anna Cornel-Holium
I'm sure those 75 pictures are still on there with that very marginal poise.
She looks like a Russian hockey player.
Well, no, she really does.
She's not, although that title buries a lot prettier than she is, but nevertheless.
She, no, I'm sorry.
Some of you guys who have assessed there are certain people who have become obsessed
with and she's like a state of mind again.
She's big.
She's imposing.
She's huge.
She's got three trunk legs and she's a dike, which, of course, all of them are very attractive.
But her face, although I'll say one thing.
She's no, what's that broad?
Scott Peterson, Amber Fry.
Oh, God.
I said that every day now just to point out that she is so nasty.
Just grotesque.
Join QAM in South Florida commuter services today from noon to two with the Oakwood Plaza.
Stop by to spin the wheel for prizes and boy, you won't believe those prizes.
And enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub which is the highlight.
That's noon to two with the Oakwood Plaza and prestigious Hollywood and then tonight.
And George would like to start getting paid again, by the way, for his spots and wants to know
why Tommy is doing those things.
I'm not going to let my fat boy screw him over what?
I might be.
I don't even know.
You might be what?
Getting paid.
I have no idea.
Yeah, I wouldn't count on it.
Not after that meeting.
And not after that woodshed meeting you had that day.
Join George McGill and Voka Bryant for Happy Hour today.
Five to seven in Treasure Island.
Even Fat Boy might slot by.
Located off to Palm Island just north of the 120th and 60th Street exit.
Stop by for free prizes and enjoy dance festivals all night long.
Oh, Stephanie, what's your name?
I could be there.
Well, I'll be doing the dance session.
Now, George is going to be popping him out.
I'll be crying.
He's going to be popping ping pong balls out of his victim.
So here's the poll result from yesterday.
Other than Neil, who's your all time favorite gay personality, gay, by or suspected?
How to put suspected in there because we certainly don't want to be accused of labeling
anybody.
Don't label me.
Elton John 173.
I want to hear that 34 C one more time.
30 points.
See that?
30 points.
Yeah.
Elton John 173.
Paul Lind 126.
Kevin Spacey 85.
Oh, it's going to take me an hour to read this.
Tom Cruise 68.
It will is like 4,000 names on read it twice.
Angelina Jolie 58.
LND Generate 49.
I can't stand that.
Dyke.
She.
I don't care what she is.
Dyke, straight, confused.
I don't care if she's got the biggest member in his command kind strapped on.
She just is nothing.
She's a big zero.
And according to Hoya 47 speaking of that, can she play tennis?
Can she sing?
No.
Does she make up a lot of phony marriages to screaming queen?
Carrie Grand 42, Nathan Lane 38, Leonardo da Vinci 37.
Leo.
He was originally, all right?
Right.
But he sure never could have played Howard Hughes.
Marlon Brando 33, Charles Nelson Riley 32.
Grovedales got.
Absolutely.
No, that's not it.
But 37.
Ian McKellen 26, Raymond Burr 26.
Yeah, Mo didn't know Raymond Burr was gay or something.
He did it until I saw the biography on biography channel.
We could play that space drop.
No, seriously.
Did you know he was gay from you years ago?
Oh, that Raymond Burr was gay.
Yeah.
But yeah, his long time lover was on a show.
Some very, another bookish looking guy, not one of the screaming mincing.
And they had done their thing for years and years, or at least tried to.
Walter Mercado 22 of the Fay Astralisur on the No Speeding Lace TV.
Liberace 19, although he still denies it, even from his deathbed, he's married.
Jeff Gordon 18, Hillary Clinton 16, the ice princess, Abe Lincoln 15, old, dishonest
Abe.
Rock Hudson 15, Don Delewies.
There was a documentary about Abe last night on that I was watching his matter.
Did they say he was gay?
It didn't come up.
What's, what about the subject?
Don Delewies, Graham Chapman, Earl Flynn 14, Rip Taylor, or dozen?
Rip Taylor from the Agon Show.
Very, very unfunny, very sad.
Prince, Olivia Newton, John, Willem Dafoe.
Oh, I almost got it right.
11.
Porsche, DeRosie, Madonna 10, and James J. Bullock 10, same person as Madonna.
Richie Simmons 9, Gay Edgar Hoover, Jim Neighbors, George Michael Danny, Kay Norma, Kent
each had nine.
Mike Piazza, Ricky Martin, and Leo DiCaprio 8, seven for David Boy, Troy Ackman, Oscar
Wilde, and Sal Minio, six for Michael Jackson, Doloran's Olivia, Rosio Donald, and Montgomery
Clifton, Tony Perkins, and James Dean, five for Anne Hane, and Bishop Berryman, and
Luis Miguel, and we spelled it wrong, we apologize, at least adjusted.
Sandra Bernhardt, Mick Jagger, Alexander the Gay, and Alice Rantel, Erica Strada, five
of peace.
Four votes each for John Travolta, Ingricky, the Gracious, Truman Capote, Luther Van Ross,
Christopher Lowell, and Bill Tanner, and Roy Horne, and, uh, Horne.
Three votes for Christian Latener, David Cassidy, Merv Griffin, Dixargent, Brian Andrews,
Craig Stevens, Brian Narcross, Wally Cox, two of peace for Chuck Conner's Clay Aiken,
is Clay Aiken?
All the time I hear.
Maybe if he'd keep his pants on, he wouldn't be.
Martina and Albert Talova had a pair, and one of peace for Henry Winkler and Dave Cope,
Mara Fleming.
Mara Fleming didn't belong on there, but maybe he was.
Mark Anthony, Randolph Scott, Tab Hunter, and Sigmund Fishbacher, who is part of Sigmund
and Roy.
And no votes.
Oh, how sad.
For Richard Chamberlain, Goldtilden, Jeff Garcia, Luke Christie, over 14 of your votes, and
nobody voted for any of those last four even Luke Christie?
What is wrong with you people?
Are you like anti-Sigmatic or something?
I've voted for Luke Christie, that's bad.
Wouldn't you agree?
Indeed.
I don't know.
I mean, all those votes for Paul Lind, which is fine, he was very funny, hysterically funny,
and quick wit, as a way to choose on.
I mean, I realized that they prepped him on some of those questions on Hollywood squares
ahead of time, but some of the answers were just sensational.
What is this you just asked me here?
Believers go on rack to prove God relieves pain.
That's the one David, they said.
I think the believers all belong on a rack, right?
Any rack?
People are to be tortured in laboratories at Oxford University and the United States
funded experiments in German weather belief in God is effective in relieving pain.
Oh, right.
They should sell tickets.
Top neurologist, pharmacologist, anatomists, ethicists, and theologians are expected to examine
the scientific basis of religious belief and whether it's in anything more than a placebo.
Oh, now we're starting to get close to the meat of the matter, it's a placebo.
Hated by Berrinas Greenfield, a leading neurologist, a new center for these science of the
mind is to use imaging systems to find out how religious spiritual other belief systems
such as an illogical belief in the innate superiority of man, influence consciousness.
A central aspect of the two-year study, which is $2 million funding from the John Templeton
Foundation, the U.S. philanthropic body will involve dozens of people being subjected to
painful experiments in laboratory conditions while enduring the agony they'll be exposed
to religious symbols such as images of the Virgin Mary or our crucifix.
Their neurological responses will remember I'm measured to determine the efficacy of their
faith in helping them to cope.
Let's clear it up, Christ compels you.
Can you see it now?
Huh?
We need van Helsing to come back, maybe that's why that movie came out.
Van Helsing has to hold up the crucifix in the wolf vein.
Yeah, Bella Vagosi said he was the wolf vein of his existence.
But 1014 at 560 WQY.
Hey, Appali!
Every good Christian knows a game to play, and it's not so very hard to do.
The name of the game is the Bible says, if you are afraid it's the way we do, tell people
you know the way.
If you're afraid it's the Bible says, if I did do your heart, it's their possession
to waste, if you're the Bible says, and then you burn it down.
You should get somebody to believe in.
If you make the Bible say it's true, but the Bible says it's true.
It's no matter what you do, you can be a great upper court will always forgive you.
You think up a poison in your snake, the Bible says, wave it all around.
Find a portion of cleaners, the Bible says, and shoot a doctor down.
Everybody, create a long way, create a case.
Go for it!
Speak the crap out of your kids.
Your children are out of the battle.
Go on a fair promise.
Find a share and touch the school later out.
Find a share and hide over chicken sales.
You make a sacrifice.
You kept the hand in the back.
What's the spirit of the biting off a chicken?
Certainly we have to stir about the God that ate the raw duck, but we'll get to that later.
Please, go to the most interesting teens, how unusual and Boston, or less, and even more unusual,
wait till you have this combination, very dangerous combination.
A Jesuit priest who taught and coached at a high school, pleaded guilty to did and less than two teenage boys during wrestling drills,
priests and wrestling band combination kids.
Two great tastes that taste great together.
Oh, brother.
Prosecutors said the Reverend James Talbot sexually assaulted the two students in late 1970s,
when he was teaching history and coaching soccer and hockey at Boston College High School, the All-Mail Perocule School.
Talbot 67 was the first member of the Jesuit order prosecuted the Boston Arts High School since the 30th sex abuse scandal erupted in 2002.
He pleaded guilty to one county to rape and assault and intent to rape and three kinds of assault and battery.
That's assault and battery.
I'm going to agree with the prosecutor because he faced his five to seven years in prison when he sentenced on January 24.
I say Friday old kutsas.
Assistant District Attorney Audrey Marktolder judges that Talbot held what he called aggression drills with students,
in which Talbot encouraged him to take most of their clothes off, then grab their gendles while they were wrestling with him.
Talbot also orally raped one of the boys, tried to orally rape the other.
We can't say oral sex anymore, so we spell it in AURAL, as I heard about it.
Oral and tried to orally rape the other, but he broke free and ran out of the gymnasium mark set.
Talbot and his attorney would not comment after the hearing.
Talbot left Massachusetts sometime after the offenses, which froze the statute limitations of prosecutors to bring kids against them
more than two decades later, to which we say, try his ass.
Jesuit frees and wrestling a very dangerous lethal combination.
I'd be wearing like a real heavy-duty cup if I were one of those kids.
Speaking of dangerous people, very jackass, who's an old smoothie, who wouldn't know a member of he saw one,
says University of Miami-Expedited's contract with WQM for three years, through the 2007-08 academic year,
WQM will still carry UM football, basketball, and select baseball games.
And of course broadcast by the anxious, who's a good guy, but horrible, just wrote tests unspeakably bad on the air,
and the beast who just is suffering his, just waddles around with his head up Joe's ass.
And he's about that height, I would say, when you say his top of his bald head comes right up to Joe's crack.
I never met him.
I would say that. You never met who? The beast?
No, never met him.
Hey, listen, he was auditioning for your job. I just mentioned that in passing.
He's here in the morning.
Every morning. Or at least, uh, this morning with the big O, is that what he is? Or is he there with Hank?
I guess that's who he is. Well, he's, uh, I don't know what he does.
Just waddling around, helping, helping out. Yeah, right. Yeah, probably eating the big helping,
of anything that shows up. Anyway, here's our poll today. I think this could be the first poll in a long time.
I didn't put anything down all the way, I will right away.
What's, and you're the one responsible for this, if they don't like it.
If you'll take the blame, what are all these calls coming? I haven't even said hello yet. What, what do they want?
WQM, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Great.
WQM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Kakka, be with you.
WQM, hello.
Kakka.
QAM.
Hey, how you doing, man? I want to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil Roger?
Yeah. No, Neil Downs.
Yeah, right. You're not.
What can I do for you, sir? Yes, I am. I don't have it like a half an hour to prove that it's not clear.
How can I do for you?
Get to it.
Listen, I was just, I just want to comment on the, on these brief things, you know,
it's that why is people keep believing and giving money to this good?
Yeah, because they're stupid, because they're, because they're scared and stupid.
I mean, if this, I, I saw what the color of TV show and this, this Mexican, they're like kneeling down for miles underneath the bleeding.
Well, I mean, what America, the Catholic Church has got those poor bastards.
They come with their last few pesos, man. They're starving and a bunch of shleppers.
They're appropriating like rabbits because the Catholic Church is against birth control,
because they want to win over the world by pie, this population contest.
And as a result, they're all starving. They're all schlepping up through Mexico into the US, illegal aliens.
Because they can't find a job because there's too damn many of them.
It's a nightmare. It's a curse.
They're ain't nothing worse than organized religion, nothing.
You can tell me something that's worse besides hemorrhoids.
Well, what could possibly be worse than organized religion, nothing?
Even W. And of course, he's a part of that crowd.
It is these social disease.
It is, and as far as placebo is concerned, just top an ass burn, man.
Take a good ass burn.
It'll do you better than praying to some non-existent God or rubbing a bunch of beads or saying 85,000 Hail Marys
or going to the Wailing Wall and hucking a china covener and throwing rocks at women.
I mean, you know, just cut the crap already.
You people in the world are stopped. Stop. They won't stop.
No.
Okay, what's your favorite TV theme of all time from any kind of show?
See, I'm not going to, we've done these before, so I'm not going to break it down like cartoons and cartoons.
And it's cop shows that we could do it for like a month if we want to do it.
I don't want to.
Just let's get out of the way today.
Okay, and then because I went on actually spent some money and bought a few new discs.
Wow. Right.
So, yes, matter of fact, in fact, the one, the quality on this one is so good.
If it plays, I don't think it's going to be my own.
Okay, I'm starting with Barnaby Jones. That's always my favorite.
The time is my favorite.
Okay, that's a honeymoon. Okay, see the day.
And then there's over.
This is actually pretty good. I want to hit this thing.
Oh, yeah. I heard of it now.
What?
It is daily to be.
Magnum PI, let's get that on there too.
Okay, let's put a couple on there for starters and the audience will call in with $50,000.
$50,000 and lost in space.
No question about it.
In fact, where is the wine 501 here? Let's get out of the way.
In fact, this is a really good.
There are several TV themes where there are many different recordings as you know,
because you're asking about lost in space.
Right.
And some of them are pretty weak and some of them are like, listen to the drums in this one.
And the drums.
Even Jack Lourd will make it come back.
Oh, I spent the next day's poll.
There are always a lot of rumors about Jack Lourd too.
Remember that song George Harrison did about him, my sweet Lord?
Right.
How are we going to do it?
But too late now, we left James Coco off the poll yesterday, Joan Bias.
There are many people we left off, but nothing's perfect.
We had about 8,000 names on it.
It should have been enough to keep you occupied.
Okay, I don't see any names on here.
I don't see Barnaby Jones.
I don't see any of them.
I think we need to be on it.
Huh?
I mean, we're going to start building this list or we're just going to leave it blank all day.
Oh, there it is.
That would be an interesting pool.
Oh, there we go.
I'm voting for, uh, where is Barnaby Jones?
I just want to be on it.
I want to be on it.
There is.
There go a lot of what it is.
Oh, yeah.
He's playing like the old bait and swish on me.
Just, just, just what I'm not looking at all this and he types it on me real quick.
He sticks it.
WDQA and hello.
All right, hey, you know, how about Sanford and Son?
Sanford and Son, you got it, man.
We'll just put our 8 million of money.
This could be a long pool, so get ready for some real hard work.
I don't know if I got that.
When I'm sure I do somewhere, it's got to be in there.
Yeah.
I don't want this in the BC.
Yes.
What?
It's in the BC.
I don't know.
Oh.
I've made it way into somehow, somewhere.
Oh, now that guy was playing a song, you were in that point for a few minutes.
I'll tell you another one I like, which we should put on it right away.
Yeah.
Not how far I like it is.
You like it?
I've got that local flavor, I mean.
How's going?
Hi.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Glad to see you, Miami Vice.
It's on there.
Great.
Wow.
This is going to be a long wish today.
It's going to be like heavy-duty, almost like work.
1027, of course I got Josie Lambeats through here.
I got the lady that gave birth and she gave birth and McDonald's.
You see that right under the golden arches?
She popped one out.
That's like a blessing.
First, get a golden gasser.
Wonderful.
WQAM.
Sound in high, don't see me ask.
Eat it, it's back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family.
All rookie dead.
If you need a job, tell the weeds.
Oh, daddy, don't be sick of courage.
Now what have happened to my little girl?
Who can't she?
Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe I have a salad once in a while.
Daddy, don't you know how many of the worst people have never had a decent meal?
Again with a charity smile on me.
Well, it's true.
So why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast?
I'm what a boy.
I'm what a boy.
I'm what a boy.
I'm what a boy.
Yes, I'll see you.
Yes, I'll see you.
Did you get that, Gragi?
Was pushing up days, he's mine.
Oh, now, Gragi.
The last episode was all a bad tree.
He's saying so bad, you made.
Look, who was your back there, baby?
It was to die off, and you get me that it'd be.
That's 20th anniversary of all in the family.
Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Home Car Span in school
where you can learn all of mechanics,
every prayer, all that you need.
You're so cool, baby.
Boy, the way Glenn Miller plays.
So let me play for a raise.
For a raise like me, we had a raise.
All's weather days.
And the world's best days.
Everybody falls in play.
We're here all the time, right, right?
Those were the days.
I'm here to play you, baby.
That's because I'm not one man.
Mr. We could use a bad life, baby, fool for nothing.
People seem to be content.
If we'd always play the brand,
freak's for in a second.
I'm about to die.
And the real friends make me.
I'm about to watch the judges win.
I get out with dancing, dancing.
That's what you wonder, baby.
And we sure didn't start so long.
Ticks with realy, so that's all.
I don't know just what we're all.
Don't worry about that.
I'm here to bring you the heaven ad.
I get a whole different bunch of.
I'd like that one though.
It's live version.
See, on an ex-pergator one.
Anyway, get that on there all in the family.
Now, here's the fastest.
From a chronic fast you decided not to sign today.
Your favorite is the Jefferson's.
Well, guess what?
My favorite is not the Jefferson's.
I like that theme a lot.
I think it's part of be Jones.
But I will say.
That's not polite.
You need that.
Drop it.
Oh, right.
You need that.
Oh.
You need finally got a piece of love.
I heard things to be trying to drive me.
I've been so proud you can't get your eyes.
I've been so proud on the grill.
Took that whole lot of truerah in.
I just put it up here.
Now we are in the big, big, big.
Okay, that's enough.
So there you go.
Let's get that on there too, the Jefferson's.
You got this list of about how many thousand on here?
About, right.
Pretty long.
By the way, speaking of list in some of the art as and all that,
I've already thrown away the first list that has come over the facts machine.
And we'll come back to do so because they just cut and pasting like a whole list
from sites and everything.
Oh, get out and here we go.
We can do that.
Now, that's no, but we're asking you, not somebody else.
It's something more.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
I've been working on this for over a year.
It looks like I'm sitting on the can.
I've got to like I'm squeezing real hard.
I've got to like wild constipation.
That's what that looks like.
WQM talk mice to near Rogers.
Doesn't care as much about money as he often claims on his popular show.
A source close to South Florida's favorite curmudgeon tells Caves 2
that QAM offered the 62-year-old Rogers too many years for four years.
And I'm president of some locally.
If he took the station 6 to 10 AM drive time slot.
Have I talked about that?
Yeah.
But an inside source.
Scoop.
Yeah. And then the rest of this is the wrong.
Rogers told them there'd be no way he could get up around 430 AM
to prepare an early show and decide to stand as current tentative schedule.
I didn't say there was no way I could do it.
I said I don't want to do it.
I never said I couldn't do it.
I could do whatever I want.
Josie.
I just don't want to.
I don't have to.
And I don't want to.
I don't want to.
Shmuck.
Rogers didn't respond to a request from an interview.
Obviously not because you just the two nosy Josie.
You just don't want to know about how much money I'm making.
And by the way, you're not getting any.
Norm Kent Rogers attorney said Rogers told him he was too old to get up that early.
Not at all what I said.
I just happened to over 20 years to get up that early.
No way.
There are more important than money for Neal Kent said he declined to talk about the offer.
Don't start a collection for Rogers yet.
Then he's got through my real name.
They're like, oh, hey, look at this.
I know something, right?
Big secret.
Don't start a collection just yet.
Rogers has said until 2008 after signing a contract extension,
believes to pay him close to 1.5 million year in base salary and bonuses.
The morning drive slot was freed up this week when QM dumped Howard Stern from the Miami-based AM station.
While Stern can still be heard in West Palm Beach,
on WPBZ FM Model 3.1, QM moved its afternoon sports drive authority.
Hank Goldberg, the mornings, no details about his salary were available.
Although industry sources say he isn't making anywhere near Rogers money.
Goldberg and I all come on at 7 a.m.
Station boss Greg Reed didn't return calls for a comment.
And he didn't mind either anybody else,
although when Greg Reed's case, I could understand why he wouldn't return calls for comment.
You know what I'm saying?
Let's say there are probably several reasons why Greg wouldn't want to return calls for a comment
at this particular stage of the game.
Wow!
Oh my gosh!
It seems to be Rogers.
Exclusive money.
2016.
Hello?
It's just that, Sam.
I'll call you guys.
I'll get all the pancass.
Oh, England.
No, it's no sister, it's a...
Cody Geary.
No, it's no sister, it's a...
Ow! Tony Geary!
There's a guy here.
He's good buddies with Richie Simmon fight.
I'm going to be there.
Hi, say there.
Yeah.
I'm trying to get him.
Hi.
Hi.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
What's the最近, br款, devil?
Yeah, me.
My son, you know,
He's wearing a shotgun sari,
notipping it.
He had a song and he pressed me on.
I had told it was so.
Both the Super Saiyan's panels are so pretty painful to me.
And also on his list is a good one.
Oh yeah.
The boy on the top left, he'll still be with us today.
Megan Boyle and Greeney.
It's out there.
The other team is at Calcon.
That's kind of a very good version of that, isn't it?
No, it was better.
You got another one here?
Yeah, I'm looking for it right now.
I don't see it on here.
I got so many disc here.
It's like I disc up the ass.
What's the...
Jump up and down.
Jump up and down.
Yeah, maybe they'll fall on.
Now that was off of this disc here, Bonanza.
I'll find another one that's better than that.
Okay, sorry about that.
You got that on your mansion, Bonanza?
I'm looking for him, Stalin for Temprism, looking for Hogan's heroes.
And I know for sure what?
Right, that's a good one.
It is a good one.
Where the hell is it?
I mean, I'm not going to play all of these today.
We'd be until midnight if we did that.
I have too many fish to fry.
I'll let's eat later.
I don't see it.
I'll find it though.
Because I've only got the two CD decks.
Thanks to me.
And you know what I mean?
I don't want to keep like...
Oh, I'll do it.
Let's see.
What would that be under?
Primetime drama?
No.
After an adventure?
Might have been.
I'm still looking for it.
I don't see no Hogan's heroes.
Well, I've got it because I've played it.
Right?
I'll play Lost in Space and we get around to it.
Hogan's heroes.
Well, during the next break, I'll find it.
I just don't have time to get around for you.
But get that on there.
It's from our friend Dave the Copp and says, go, Rams.
Oh, man.
Are you kidding me or what, huh?
If there's a team that doesn't belong in the playoffs, it's the erratic, spastic St.
Louis Rams, brother.
Oh, and here's one.
Look at that.
One order.
A more recent show.
Which of course, you know, you can vote for a show that's on like right now.
If you want to, where am I going to find law and order?
Oh.
Huh.
Do you like this?
Make them.
Oh, you're good.
That's it.
Wherever it's all ready there.
Yes.
I'll take them on the right way.
That man.
That hell is this though.
A big party.
This is a version that they were working for.
You'll have to.
You think we're the, we all know and we use this right.
This is a bit of a, you know, inspired by the series.
No, that was, that was on the show.
What are you talking about?
The original has you know, starts with the battlefield.
Let's go.
That is what you're talking about.
Let's go.
The battery's about to survive this week.
Roger.
Ready to move on.
That's it.
Now, speaking of Hawaii five, oh, because they're like you said, a lot of different versions.
And I said before of different songs.
The other one was the good one with all the heavy-duty drums.
How long is it?
Right week.
And this is open already.
It's not the same.
Nope.
Nope.
That's it.
More code.
It sounds like one channel is missing.
That's the week.
It's come all these airs off ones on the same disk.
I hope.
No, the mixing man.
I got all kinds of this.
Just relax.
Okay, I spent a lot of money.
I spent how many dollars?
Got two.
Interesting to hear these alternative versions.
Yeah, alternative lifestyle.
So, alternative versions.
Let's see.
Where is this other one that they want to hear right now?
I got it.
In fact, I played a little bit before the show this morning.
I hate this song.
Hate the show too, although I like Johnny Snyder.
It's his name.
The name of the song is Good Old Boys.
Luke's in hand.
Got things to hand you there, Josh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
I'll tell you one thing though about that show.
At least the characters were realistic.
Yeah.
But that's Johnny Snyder.
He sure had a pretty mouth.
I'll tell you that.
Boy, he was pretty.
Anyway.
What about the welcome back cutter or?
Oh, no.
Tom Jickel really enjoy hearing it.
Both those suggestions.
But what about them?
Cheers.
That's what Tom Jickel's favorite show is.
Cheers.
I have no idea why it's so often.
And the theme is even more depressing.
Maybe because it was about beers.
Take a break from all your worries.
Sure would help a lot.
Wouldn't you like to get away?
No.
Sometimes you want to go.
Where are you going?
It knows your name.
And you're always back again.
Oh, and then somebody else also says,
no, we got that one on their cheers.
We got it.
Welcome back, Potter.
Oh.
Cheers.
Welcome back.
It brings your unique.
And if you think the song blows,
John Revolta was in that show.
Well, I'm back.
Do that same old place that you laughed about.
Now, what was the teacher with a mustache?
What that was his name?
That's pretty nice.
He's Baffel.
What is it?
Gabe.
Gabe Kaplie.
Gabe Kaplie.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
We have him.
I don't know which one I dislike more of the theme or show itself.
Boy, that was a bad show.
Yeah.
John Revolta.
That's why I started despising him, like Poison, and then we kind of downhilt from there.
That's the one character he can play.
Yeah, he didn't have to act.
How's this?
This is going to be on air.
Get a lot of votes I guarantee you.
I don't know what it is.
Oh, come on.
See, the littleest tons of Jack Jones who couldn't see his way out of all the votes.
Hey, Poison.
It's another one of those all pretty good.
Yeah.
All together.
He's exciting.
He's come of all the votes.
The love votes.
We're expecting you.
That is a poor Jack Jones.
Yeah, it is Jack Jones.
It's just right on the throne.
It is Jack Jones.
Why do you say that?
It's different.
That's the difference.
As a district, years ago, I used to play Jack Jones records.
I mean, what was I saying?
Believe me, that was Jack Jones with a really strange name.
I love both theme and that word it.
Well, that's one of the versions of it.
Okay, don't start Nick Picken.
There's nothing worth on a nitpicker.
I'll just cut the crap.
That's one of them.
And you're wrong about that, and you'll have to do that Batman thing.
That wasn't the original theme, but when you watch it on TV, you'll hear that.
That's one of the themes.
Not every show, not every season, they use the same theme.
You understand?
I do.
In fact, that thing about to the Batman be alone.
I think after the first few episodes they use, they drop that in.
They drop it, but not the theme.
I'm telling you, listen, I know my Batman.
I believe you, if avert award would have walked in here like 20 years ago in him,
green tites, I would have known it.
I would have smelled it.
What's your favorite TV theme of all time from any kind of a show?
Miami Vice 23, I told you, it's got that the local flavor man out of the first 88 votes.
San Frans on 14, Hawaii 5, O.
Has got 13, all in the family 9, Magnum P.U. 6, Mash 5, Vananza 4, Bartomey Jones 4, always gets his man.
The Jefferson's 3, Laud, Otter 2, Lost in Space has got a pair, or you put that on her, huh?
I'll play a little bit.
Cheers one, Dukes of Hazards got one, Batman one, and none yet for the love vote.
Welcome back, Carter, has got with the C or K.
I think it's for the K, but Hogan's heroes and High School Reunion, where that come from.
Is that yours?
That was Miguel's choice.
High School Reunion, what's that?
I don't know.
Do you know what show that is?
I know that there's a show called High School Reunion that's on.
Oh man, get that, shroud some help.
For the sake of new Roger, school of simulator on 560, 50, QAM.
Roger, show.
This is your brain for any questions of,
Storytelling by day, but by night, a couple of Jews on a man's search for spirits and free food.
They say this place is haunted.
Yeah, they think I'm good food on top.
Welcome to the lighthouse of the dead, dead breakfast.
Our soup of the day is oyster be.
We're the guys from Perinormal.
We're here about your ghosts.
Oh, dude, come in.
Your table is way too.
Okay.
Make room.
Wow, look at this chair.
It's beautiful.
I don't know who can.
I'm halloween over here.
Wow.
Just set the equipment up over there.
Yeah.
And call a car ghost or something.
I guess the order of meal here.
Okay.
And wait here.
Yeah.
I'll have the oyster biscuit.
Ooh.
It's an excellent choice.
And as we always say around here.
What's that?
They know.
What?
I think that's where it goes.
Yeah, how about that?
Your soup.
It's an excellent thing.
Did you see that?
It's an ooooh.
Probably just dust.
Now leave me alone.
I'm eating over here.
Trunks.
What's that?
I don't get it.
I like that.
And there's to just spit my nose.
Why you?
Trunks.
Trunks.
The water's moving.
Shut up, you moron.
I can't just say I'm trying to finish my soup.
Yeah!
I can't destroy my meal.
I got tired of having my own food.
What's the meaning of all this?
You were invited here.
No she is.
I think I know who's at the bottom of this chaserai.
Ooh.
I'll just pull a mask off his face.
I'm not good.
Ooh.
Well, it was great greed all along.
Well.
And I would have got away with it too.
If not for you meddling monsters.
That makes no sense.
Yeah, I know.
It's 11.02 at 5.60.
Well, Greg Reid said it.
So probably doesn't make any sense.
During QA and South Florida commuter services today from noon to two.
At the Oakwood Plans, we stopped by to spin the Veal for prizes.
Whatever we got laying around it.
We nobody wants.
And enjoy free food from Elidic City Subs.
Where I were used to make the difference.
And what's the guy's name now?
Jason, I think.
Jason.
That's noon to two at the Oakwood Plans in Hollywood.
By the way, speaking of people at Petal Food, you know that what's the guy's name with the subway sandwiches?
Jared.
Jared.
He's a fang.
Okay.
Yeah, no, I'm hearing him off.
No, no, he's the most mencing.
I don't care.
I mean, not only that, but he's pudging up again.
Remember this big deal was, oh, I lost 200 pounds eating all so great.
Yeah, well, he's starting to mince a lot.
Yeah, that's a life, you know.
I don't care.
And also, during George McGill and Boca Bryant for happy hour today,
five to seven at Treasure Island located off the Palmetto.
Just north of the 120-second street exit stopped by to win free prizes.
Again, what we got like laying around that nobody would take if we paid them to take it.
And enjoy dance festivals all night long.
And when you're at Treasure Island, find out how come George ain't getting,
doing the spots and getting paid the way he's supposed to get paid.
Grab a hold of Fat Boy and twist him around.
Okay, now let's see.
Here's one that says two votes, the 18 and cops.
Which I think I have them both.
Also, it says, eat at the Metro deli.
As the Metro deli luck in South Florida, that's supposed to be here.
Where I don't hang out.
Hello, final.
Now let's see.
I'm trying to find as many of these as I can to play.
While, while, while, now, before Hogan's Heroes, I couldn't find.
Hello, this is Werner Clemperon.
This is Bob Brady, inviting you to watch the Men of Stolic 13 out with Flanconchills on Hogan's Heroes.
Nice, thank you.
Good morning, Ed!
cent
This is a good thing.
Yeah, it was pretty good.
You get these all on there, I hope.
Yeah, every other one he says.
I'm ahead of you.
I'm not too bad.
Even Ty Cobb didn't bad 500, although he was a member of the plan.
Yeah, since he could be going anywhere.
And then we had two factors that says,
does anybody remember Team from Peter Gunn?
No.
It's probably the most re-dub thing ever.
I got so many disillater around now, I have no idea.
This is not good.
That'll get a little organized.
Got so many disillater around.
That sounds like Dwayne Eddie.
Does it?
Yeah, he's ludicrous though.
Isn't it Dwayne Eddie?
No, it's an Art of yours.
Pretty weak.
Nevertheless.
That was the one from the show that I played Peter Gunn.
Right.
Whatever your plan is from some of the albums of some group.
Anyway, let's see.
So we got, oh, I dream of Jeannie.
Well, I get all of these.
Okay, the fall guy would be Majors Dallas.
Let's see, a team from Peter Gunn.
We got that.
Does anybody remember Team from Peter Gunn?
No, what's that sound like?
Okay, let me get to a few of my ideals here.
I'll try to interspers today.
Because then we're going to have like 10,000 different shows on it.
That's the idea.
The best team that your favorite, the one you like the most,
from all the different TV shows over the last,
oh, I said it well, I didn't play it.
Okay, I'm going to start right.
I'm going to.
We're slin it.
Where the only problem is what I do with the disc.
Oh, there it is.
You want to see this mess that I got here.
Just crackly and all over the place.
Now I can't find the one that we're going to, oh, that's on it.
Well, what were you looking for?
Just relax.
Okay, you'll hear it.
Oh, I get ready.
You'll hear it.
Right.
That's good.
yeah, yeah.
Not getting hurt or not getting hurt or giving a head up a water
Making a way for you guys to forever lay off
Surprise is it creditable for good sides
From goodness to nothing
And I'm tired of it and I'm tired of it
Good time
Makes me lucky we got him
And after all is still dead by the way that's a bad news
Okay, I found what I was looking for
By the way, Eric says yes that art of noise used a Duane Eddie sample to make that song
So there you go Mr. Psychic Mr. Music you were right
What does that mean that bit that I was playing you said that sounds like Duane Eddie will be
You pulled the way nanny to make that tune so there you go
Well there you go like I said
Got a Chinese Carson show
A lot of these you know it's interesting so many of these like good times for example
Not exactly one of my favorite shows the theme though was great
Wouldn't you agree?
Yep
I hate it
Why?
I hate it
Hate what the theme?
The theme
Why?
I just I don't like it
It's yucky
Doesn't taste good
Are you out of your mind or what? How could anyone they're like the theme?
It's average
Yeah, I don't like it
I think it's s1
I'm going to play it on the whistle to a clock
The fall guy would have made me jealous because he was okay
I guess I can do that dream of Jeanie
Oh please
Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't don't worry
How is it?
See the problem is not every one of these has got you know what I'm saying?
I do
But you would think that that would certainly be on here, unlike this particular one on the TV
guide, TV records, whatever it is. It's very, very good. I don't see it either though.
But very close, which I'm sure you agree. This is a sensational show.
Oh, here's a story not.
The Brady Bun.
Who was bringing up three very lovely girls.
All of them had narrowed gold like their mother.
The understanding.
In the story of Randy Brady.
Who was busy with three more than the gold.
They were far from it, getting all together.
If they were all alone, I'd say that.
She'll look like them.
Oh, where?
I mean, yeah, that seems okay. The show is great. We all love the show.
But I think good times, things love it.
And it seems like it's from my dream of Jeannie.
Get out of here, man. Get out of town.
It's like, you know, it's, yeah.
That's like, that's like, Pavlon.
It's a week. It's, uh, the prudent day.
Now, see, you get swept away because of Barbara Eden and Larry Hagman and the whole show.
Yeah, I got a name for him.
What the, what that was the, uh, the commander? What that was his name?
Dr. Bellos.
Dr. Bellos.
Boy, that's good. I wonder if he's keen to solve Bellos.
Who?
McBirth at McDonald's and they didn't have to get out the Bellos.
Union Missouri and McDonald knew the baby was coming and there wasn't a hospital in sight.
And McDonald had a kid.
So she pulled over and delivered the child outside appropriately enough and a McDonald's restaurant.
See, it's good for a lot of things.
Not Eden for sure. Don't eat there, but you can take a leak there or a good dump or maybe a pop a kid out.
Would be good.
Go there and give her.
Shazed Western McDonald was due Wednesday, but on Sunday, and McDonald's over time was getting near and fast.
Problem was there was no hospital in this Eastern Missouri town.
And the closest one was 15 minutes away.
McDonald's husband is fighting in Iraq and the child's grandmother, Linda Cunillo, got in the car,
but it soon became evident they wouldn't make it to a hospital so they pulled over to McDonald's in Union.
The baby was born beneath the golden arches.
Oh my God.
And of course, everyone is like, are you going to name him Ronald and McDonald said, I sure hope not.
Ronald McDonald would have to be bad.
How about you? There are plenty of people named Ronald McDonald.
If anybody would want to change their name, right?
Right.
There are fewer places.
All of them are taking it back.
There are places worse.
Now they're finally getting out of that hearty's Wapar burger, whatever they call that thing.
What is it?
The Big 100.
Oh, what?
No.
The Monster Burger.
They even had a piece on it on the CBSCB News last night as Dan had a tear in his eye because they're forcing him out.
But yeah, 1400 calories.
And then Dan actually added a cryptic note at the end when after the piece was done at the end of the show, he said,
and of course, you ordered a diet's coped to go along with it.
Of course.
It reminds me of a guy named Buzz Mushin who I used to work with at Snelling and Snelling for about two months in Hollywood Florida.
Buzz Mushin.
Big fat guy.
Big pudgy fat guy, even better than me.
And for breakfast, we go into breakfast before work, which that places a joke, by the way.
I sure hope they're not still in business smelling and smelling.
And he ordered like, you know, flapjacks, like 16 pancakes and waffles and bacon and ham and eggs and a small diet drink.
I'm not exaggerating.
It was always be a small diet drink.
Not even just a diet drink, a small diet drink.
Just to kind of like cut back.
About minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQAM, here's that lineup you've been waiting for.
We got more Howard Davidd, two to four, like it or not.
We got the mad dogs.
You managed back four to seven.
It's still a work in progress.
I'm tired of hearing about it.
I'm just burnout.
So just tell them to sign the damn thing, mad dog, and stop being such a whist.
Just get it over with.
Hurricane's warm-up 7 o'clock.
Hurricane's in the Virginia Cavaliers 7.30 tonight.
Little of college hoops.
Eddie K930 after the basketball game.
Don't forget the big five to seven in the morning and now we got the hump earth.
The big fat hump or Henry Goldberg 7.10 in the morning.
You sound good.
Let me tell you right now what sounds good.
And that is making your house look good again after your whole holiday season.
Just turned it into a nightmare.
Looks like a bunch of whirling durvishes came through the home of that.
Like a cyclone came through the house after all the guests and pinnets visitors left.
Well, the answer is call our friends at dry concepts.
From I've been using it in my homestrow for over 20 years because to make a long story short to the best in the world.
Nobody else does their dry cleaning method on your carpets.
It's an exclusive patent and method.
That's why they got the name of the company, dry concepts, because they dry clean your carpets.
Which suck out the deep down dirt way there in the fiber of your carpets,
which makes them look fantastic, just like brand new and of course make them sanitary too.
Because your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs and schmutz.
And also to us to pin us on beatable job on your furniture and your draper,
your expensive area rugs and oriental rugs as well.
And your carpets dry like an hour and a half to two hours so you really can clean today,
entertain and do your thing tonight.
So give them a call.
You don't have to worry about rip offs or scams either because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront
before they start doing their fantastic work.
Called dry concepts tool free, the reuse in the first time,
you'll ever use anybody else again I guarantee you, I'll bet you, I'll bet you,
what's his name's life on it?
What's his name again?
What is his name?
Ray Perry.
Indeed, Robert and the Palm Beach is called tool free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web if you like it,
dragconcepts.com.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
Yes, listen to me.
On 5-66-8-Q-A-M.
To make sure meat the fuckers made $163 million in just 12 veins.
So we're getting ready to do another one.
We basically just rewritten the first two movies with the same old jokes since no one seems to notice.
And we're calling it meat the fuckers friends.
The whole cast returns with the addition of Paris Hilton as free to fucker.
And Bern Troyer as Cindy Lou fucker, the smallest fucker.
Then get ready for some exciting news.
Next year, another fucker first.
As we present meat the fuckers friends friends.
We've signed Harvey Firestein to play gay Uncle Flip Fossil.
And former New Jersey Governor Jim Agreevy to play his husband Fred Falker.
Don't miss the hilarious when Flip and Fred Falker fall face first into a fiery firecracker fight.
But they're okay. They're fuckers.
Then things really get funny when Motherfucker catches the boys making gay love on the fucker front porch ring.
We're gonna pretty much milk the fuckers for all their work.
Plus, you'll hear all the same jokes.
Like, I have nipples, Greg. Can you milk me? And I'm gonna take you down.
Take you down to Chinatown.
Meat the fuckers friends. And meat the fuckers friends.
Friends coming soon to a fucker theater near you.
Wow, take a look at this. The OC and the sopranos.
Okay.
Which I did not buy the sopranos. There was a...
There was a disc, there was just all sopranos music,
which I'm sure would have had a lot of good stuff in there.
But I just... You know, I think I have that.
Yeah, I know.
But the sopranos disc.
Well, okay. Get those on there. The OC and the sopranos.
Oh, here we go with this again. You're gonna get really upset.
Well, we've played this so many times already.
And you hate it like poison.
I love this thing.
Oh, I don't hate this like good times here.
This is... I think it's a resistance.
I just raised my mind.
I like it better.
It was happen to me.
You see them, my body.
I can't believe it's myself.
Suddenly I'm a pawn, time of the world.
Should have been somebody else.
I'll get it.
I'll not have a pawn.
Now, we want to go through the whole thing about William Cat,
who was the star of that show along with Robert Culp.
William Cat was the son of the actress who played Delas Street on Ferry Mason.
Okay. And yeah, Mo, Raymond Burr was gay, okay?
Whether you like it or not.
Big macho guy like Raymond Burr.
Now, what's the name of that? It's greatest American hero,
but that is the name, doesn't it?
Believe it or not.
Believe it or not.
Well, let's put a greatest American hero.
We'll just put names of show.
Okay. Is that okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Bob and Fort Lauderdale says,
how about the Animus family and Taxi?
Guess what Bob and Fort Lauderdale?
You might just have a...
An exacto here.
The Creepy Anteco Tits, the Serious and the Cookees.
They're all thick and the Ootie, the Animus family.
Now, Jackie Cooke and was in that show.
Remember Jackie Cooke and Walt headed right, local faster.
And he used to be on Panama and Quiz with Mike Stookie.
I just mentioned that for Volca Brian.
Nobody else would remember that.
Taxi also says Bob and Fort Lauderdale, right?
It'll get a lot of homies.
Taxi. It's okay.
Eat.
Here we go.
It's all right.
How about the $6 million man?
Somebody said it.
We'll leave Adios.
It's family.
This really doesn't go in there.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
I thought you heard it.
Here's the fact that she says, Roxy Roker.
Wow.
We do all the people.
Roxy Roker.
She's dead.
Right.
Remember?
She was great.
She played the Black Neighborhood to the White Guy.
Right.
What's their name on the show?
The Willets.
The Willets. Very good.
Kathy Willets and Roxy Roker sang the theme song for the Jefferson.
She played.
Many Crabbits' mother.
So Alan from LA.
I wonder if that's Alan Perris.
So what is it?
It's right on the...
Oh.
Alan is obsessed with me.
He's playing the morning out there before he was born.
He's playing in the show.
He's playing in the show.
LA just made me leave.
Oh.
Oh.
That's a lucky tie to Todd and LA because LA is doing fine.
It's very funny that I keep a love high.
It's so funny to keep a child.
I've been so proud on the real life.
Just a cold out of trowel.
I just can't get up.
I just can't get up.
I just can't get up.
Well there you go Alan Perris.
He used to be the GM channel 4 I believe or 10 or whatever.
He's just a groupie obsessed.
I'm glad you're still alive.
Alan's a good deal because when you're out in LA if it's not the mudslides of the earth quakes or something, they're going to get you.
Not safe like in Florida.
Theme songs.
Here we go.
My three sons somebody says, I wonder if I have that.
I got it somewhere.
Just in honor of my friend Don Grady.
Man, he sure was pretty.
Don Grady.
And who was he doing?
I always asked.
See we get back out of these things that I can't stop.
He was doing now.
What's your name?
A fair faucet.
Yeah.
Before she jumped into that burning bed.
Before she got raped in it.
Whatever happened to her.
She got to be like all drugged out.
I turned into a mess.
Yeah.
We don't know if the drugs are to blame.
There are theories.
What do you mean by that?
She could just be losing it.
Or she's losing it.
She's losing it.
Anyway, let's think of the old fur as faucet.
My three sons Don Grady.
He was banging her and the rifleman, which up corners we thought yesterday was like, hey.
Or maybe like a swunger all the ways.
Swungers pistol in any direction that anybody would grab it.
Hector says my favorite childhood theme was the lone ranger.
And when I was older, a secret agent now.
Let's see.
And then I see I'm not going to get all my good stuff in here today because I'm getting side-tracked with this.
And it's so damn hard, man.
To find heat track of all these.
The lone ranger I know is not on this one.
I got it.
I'll get that one on.
Secret agent, which would be the Johnny Rivers, right?
Right.
Secret agent, man.
Damn it.
It's on here.
Did we do the rockford files?
Did we put that on or not?
We did not either one.
We didn't put the rockford files on it?
We did or put it on.
We hated the show, but that's a big dance on.
That's excellent.
Oh.
Oh.
It is.
See, that's one that's worth playing like a whole bunch of it because it's good.
It's good all the way through.
Right.
You don't think so?
I do.
And then there's a lone ranger.
Right.
You're talking about that again.
What?
What are you talking about?
I'm two.
A fiery horse with a speed of light, a cloud of dust and a hearty high on silver, the lone ranger.
With his faithful Indian companion, Totho, the daring and resourceful massacred early planes,
led the fight for law and order in the early western United States.
No where in the page of the sky can one find a greater champion of justice.
I love the way he says that.
Champion of justice, wow.
Here's your secret agent, man.
Anybody who don't like John Rivers is a communist.
We got a secret agent, man.
We got that guy.
Everyone means that he's a stranger.
We never would be made to be another chance.
He changed.
I thought he won't live a single moral.
And since it just happens to be on the same disc and it's like right side by each.
What do you want?
Information.
Who's side you are?
That would be telling.
We want information.
Information.
Information.
You look at it.
Here's coming Rover.
We will.
Who are you?
The new number two.
Who is number one?
I don't know.
You are number six.
I am number nine.
I am a free man.
No.
What do you mean, please, that prisoner set that you sent me on DVD?
I watched two of them.
Interestingly enough, I don't know how closely you looked at the different discs.
You probably didn't because it's all packed.
Some of those discs have more than one episode.
Some of them had episodes that were edited.
In other words, they were shown in different ways with different titles.
And it's all in there.
I was thinking I lived long enough.
Being old and feeble and unable to get up at 4.30.
You know, Josie Lamby, you're such a pussyman.
You're like a misd fudge of Palm Beach County now.
What a joke.
Anyway, here's what.
I know Hector did a long range run this evening.
We got those both on air.
Three sons, the rifle and my three sons.
Am I going to be able to find my three sons?
I should like to find Don Grady.
The turner's back.
Man, he sure was pretty.
Let's see.
Where's my three sons?
We have it.
No, I don't mean on there.
I'm not talking about there.
Oh, here's one for all the real old parts like Bokobrine.
That's what I'm talking about.
That was close.
That was close.
That was close.
Oh, get smart.
Get smart.
We can put that on air.
It's not the one I was hoping for.
The one I was praying for was...
The perfect.
In your shed, roll and roll.
The America's acting uniform.
The right, your shed, roll and roll.
The youth, the Westling.
America's the greatest land of all.
The right, your soul, the right.
Okay, it's enough Don.
We know your Jewish.
Okay, you're out of the closet.
Blaming on the guy and this is your life.
Ralph Edwards.
Blaming on him.
He must be dead now, Ralph Edwards, huh?
Oh, what do you want?
He's the guy that discovered Bob Barker,
or gave him a start or something like that.
All the trivia we're getting from this.
All this useless trivia from all this old Jews on the station.
Man.
I heard Hank talking about that there.
They're all the old Jews on QM Jews and Jocks.
Maybe he said that to me yesterday.
See when you get old like that.
You can't remember if you ate your routine in the morning.
You were listening to Neil Rogers.
It's coincidentally in through your barbed wire.
I need to get to the old iron.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Far better's back and more popular than ever.
God, and you can take that to the bank, man.
It's a classic tale of good cop, bad cop.
And you and me, we're gonna dance, brother.
Only this time, it's the same cop.
Hey, rooster.
What's the word on the street, bud?
Well, you're about to say, and you didn't, Tony?
Oh, is that right?
Well, let me tell you something, brother.
You gotta pay the fare if you want to take the ride.
You know what the hell is that supposed to mean?
I tell you what it means, man.
It means I hired a really expensive mouthpiece-type lawyer
who's gonna get me off the hook, man.
But, Reddust, stat on TV.
All day, every day on every cable news channel.
Dead's dead, man.
You got that, and it don't come back again.
Yeah, I said never 15, minimum MSMBC.
Can it, rooster?
So, to watch for Reddust 24 hours a day,
keep your TV on, and keep your eye on the sparrow.
And that's the name of that, too.
Right, Fred?
You'll get one shut up, birdbrain.
I'm the heat.
I'll whack you, too.
Okay, there we go.
Barrett, our Bobby Blake, you're hero.
Rich had to come, and that's a pull on the cable,
because he got a pull.
Heroes, Hill Street, Blue, is any 18.
Did we do the 18?
I don't know.
David?
Josh says yes.
How's it going, A?
Team?
It's all there.
Got three votes.
Okay, I've got like 75 different discs going here at the same time.
I should have one of those like, you know, multiple disc players.
Yeah, but I don't know which one you have, and which slot.
Yeah, I know which one I got, and which slot.
Okay, Mr. Ysas.
Let's see, Hill Street, Blue, is that actually that one?
That's one here, you think?
How much you want to bet?
I'll bet you Ray Perry's life on his first one.
I'm having a great night, man.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Pretty good theme song.
Pretty good rated show, man.
You're wrong, Neil.
I was one of the great shows.
I was very nervous.
Well, I hope you enjoyed it.
I didn't like it.
Didn't somebody say Dallas or the Waterloo, and we put that on here?
Pretty well done.
And also somebody said, I think I played it.
I'm not playing it again.
We did MASH, right?
Yeah.
What about...
No.
Very kind of more show.
I'm sorry.
It's been a while.
I'm lame.
Really lame.
MASHO.
That day.
All the way through like Mori Amsterdam.
That's so crazy about Dick Van Dyke.
But Mori Amsterdam was funny.
Did we do the Brady Bunch?
Hawaii 5-O.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm telling you what we didn't do.
That's going to get a million votes.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Oh, right.
Great show, and it great theme.
What a combination.
Oh, that was a comp show, and you have a good one.
No, no, no, no, it was not a comp show.
Yeah.
I think it was an agent show.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
Can we put the wish?
We did know.
With Agnes Doha.
My favorite artist is Montgomery.
This is another story that can be predicted.
New York and Dick Sarge.
Just for let me take you to this, we have to.
Oh, you're right.
Sorry.
I apologize.
We're not everyone.
Yeah.
Well, it's great, we shouldn't have just played their day.
Really?
How about the monkeys?
All right.
I'm just going to put our two seconds of a bunch of...
...a bunch of little things out of the game.
Did we do Adams Family?
Yeah.
Okay, and here's one too, another show I despised, and I like him at all.
Cornpole, man.
What's the...is it not Magyver?
What's the...what's the attached show he's on?
Matlock.
Matlock.
Oh, God.
He's a loser.
He's giving me a break.
He's one step away from Barnacles Jones, although I do love that thing.
And here's another one I bet you'll get a few votes, guarantee.
Stab, stab, stab.
Stab, stab.
Stab.
Stab, stab, stab.
Stab.
What, you don't think?
Yeah.
Oh, it's old, but it's a pretty good theme.
At least in its time, back in the day.
Okay, do you actually feel like overwhelmed here?
Do we do Hellstree Blues?
Okay, that's for Robert and the Red Cross Strings, Lone Ranger, Secret Agent Man, a Mycenae
Stunned, but right away.
Okay.
Now let's take a couple of calls.
Here's what we got so far.
Miami Vice-39, Hawaii-5033, Sanford and Sun-21, all in the family-14.
I'm reading these from this page.
Mashed 12, cheers 10, but answer 8, Magnum P.U. 8, the Jefferson 7, Batman 6, Dupes 105, Finne
against Red Balloons 5, I never heard of it, but that guy didn't hear it, and I was
somebody else to do.
Barnacles Jones has got four, but don't forget Barnaby Jones always gets his man.
I thought that was your own lot of.
No, and it was Bill Ross on Channel 7 on the promos.
It was a promo for Homo's.
Barnaby Jones always gets his really cornball.
You don't remember those days back on Channel 7?
I remember Wayne Chandler.
Let's not start that again.
Please.
Peter Gunn, welcome back, Carter, lawn older 3.
Tonight's show is starring Johnny Carson.
Wow.
Man, we're getting really out of tune.
It could be Jay Leno, right?
That was the name of the show.
That was the name of the show.
Tonight's show, starring Johnny Carson.
If I still had that disc in there, I'll play that little bit of that again.
Do I have it in there?
No.
How do you know?
Let me just check.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
So, now, would you tell me that Jay Leno has got a different theme for the night show than that?
Oh, yeah.
It's a Trojus.
Good.
Let me be the worst Chilcom music ever.
Because even though not the biggest Johnny Carson fan in the world, he, Jay Leno ain't no Johnny Carson.
He sure is.
He doesn't like no Jack Par or Steve Allen.
The current theme sounds like they set out to make something really awfully sounding and succeed.
What's that?
The Jay Leno's new theme, yeah.
I don't watch that show.
I also don't watch David Letterman.
I also don't watch a cone hitter Brian.
And who's the new geek they got on the ice?
I don't know.
See, most of us don't stay up.
People living in breathing may have a job.
They don't stay up to like one, three, and a more into watching some guy sitting at a desk somewhere trying to be funny.
Reading a bunch of crap that some other Jack asked for.
It just, not my cup of tea.
Now, why do you like that?
That's great.
But, you know, what's your hungover?
I'll pass that on the couch.
I hope you can entertain.
Okay.
High school reunion don't have any McGill.
In fact, there are a few that don't have any Brady Bunch.
I dream a genie.
I dream a genie doesn't have any votes yet.
Holy moly.
That is pretty sad.
Here's some good news though.
There may be hope in Gulfport, Mississippi.
A library board reversed a ban on comedian John Stewart's bestselling satirical book which he did pass because of its image of Supreme Court justices faces superimposed on naked bodies, which you can see on our website on the media curtain on the Arrangers.com.
The Jackson George Regional Library System Board of Trustees was criticized by local residents and emails from out of state after banned America.
The book, a citizen's guide to democracy in action last month, the trustees had said they objected to the image.
But the board voted five to two Monday to lift the ban and the book was returned to circulation in the system's eight libraries yesterday.
We've come under intense scrutiny by the outside community said David Abel's board chairman.
We don't decide for the community whether to read this book or not, but whether to make it available.
The book was written by Stewart and the writers of the Daily Show, New York Times bestseller Les Diadiati.
Walmart declined to stock up because of that picture, which includes full frontal nudity.
The facing page has cut out to the nine justices robes with the caption asking readers to restore their dignity by matching each justice with his or her respective robe.
Board member David Augborn opposed lifting the ban.
Our libraries are not a trash bin for pornographic materials, he said.
Robert Willits, the library system director, all the willesses all the time.
You know what I said? They're all over the place. The willesses.
Robert Willits said Tuesday that the board members acted promptly and fittingly.
There were 12 to 15 people in the audience and most woke up in defense of the book.
He said the board responds to community input and made that decision.
This squeaky wheel gets the grease.
He said, maturity, the messages criticized the movie came from out of state.
Uh-huh, criticized the move.
We got some absolutely nasty emails and telephone calls you wouldn't believe.
Willits said we are communist fascists at the same time for these people and Diadiatiatiatiati.
How do you like that?
So they put the book back in there and at least out of state Ojyan provocateurs go mind your own business.
Okay, go to your own library and strip a pile of crap or just go to your library and take down your pants and drop a pile of crap.
How do you like that?
God, these people are just can't leave everybody else alone.
Oh, gee, the world's gonna come to an end.
They're looking at that picture.
First of all, the whole thing is a satire.
Okay, it's a spoof. It's a comedy.
Okay, do you have a sense of humor?
No.
Didn't think so. You idiots, you need andrethal.
Hey, hey, hey.
You God squat lunatics.
There's nothing funny about nudity.
Somebody please come and save us from the crazy people.
You know, IRS tax problems are going to be driven crazy.
You have a way of ruining all aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally too.
And you can never really forget about the old IRS.
Those problems come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat.
CPA genie Buckwell, then the Buckwell tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever,
giving back peace of mind, which is by other.
Top CPA law firms are further clients too.
The Buckwell tax firm when they got problems with the old IRS.
Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all your under filed tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records.
Suppose you have an IRS lien, Wage Levy.
Is that that lien on me thing we were doing yesterday with Bill Withers?
Lean on me.
Remember that?
No.
Yeah, you do lean on me and when I turned on the TV show and there was a match game with Charles Nelson right.
But you got worse Alzheimer's than I got old man.
What you say?
Suppose you have an IRS lien, a Wage Levy.
Maybe you'll pay real taxes and penalties.
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than the old.
Need time to pay whatever your dilemma.
The Buckwell tax firm can help you out.
They offer free initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees, and immediate relief from the IRS harassment if not sooner.
And best of all, you never even have to meet with the IRS because the Buckwell tax firm handles all those meetings and discussions you don't have to go.
So column today, 954-575-2800, whether you are $10,000 a million or anywhere in between an IRS taxes, the Buckwell tax firm can get that monkey off your back.
Call today for a free consultation, 954-575-2800, or visit them on the wicked web at irsfreedom.com and stop fretting about the IRS knocking down that front door.
Call them today and get that monkey off your back.
954-575-2800.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' It, collusionly on the 560s.
So wouldn't you really rather have a farmer?
Not having a Republican farmer?
Or job reminds that can't get any farmer?
It's because I have to pay for those trustees.
Yes, wouldn't you really rather have a farmer?
We can get away with naming the vehicle like that because we're a giant mega-billion dollar corporation with a contract to transfer to your home and the political baritones for you.
So get out there and fire one of these top-notch toys.
Would you really rather have a farmer?
Or would you be your own farmer not a farmer?
Nothing more impressive than a farmer?
What a Republican!
Deep-wearing!
Wow!
64 or 16-till-noone yes?
No, that was funny.
That was very funny.
I heard it, yeah, that was first.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I heard it last night.
See, I got this, this man.
And I stick those babies in my computer.
I'm like, wait a minute.
I'm on top of it.
I'm doing it.
Join QA and South Florida commuter services today, noon two.
Coming up in just a few minutes.
You can get out there right now if you open plans.
And say, where is that van?
Stop by to spend the QM wheel for prizes.
Enjoy free food from Melody City.
Sumswear.
What's his name?
Makes the difference.
Jerry, Jay, Josh.
What is it?
Jason.
Jason, be as little as you.
That's noon two with the awkward prize.
And Hollywood then joined George McGill and Volka Bryant for a happy hour today.
Five to seven treasure island.
George will tell you all the inside stories of how he's getting screwed over by fat boy.
Located right off the palm of the North of the 120 second street exit.
Stop by for free prizes.
Enjoy dance specials all night long.
See, most people when they go to treasure island,
they don't want to get screwed by fat boy.
But we could erase case.
Huh?
But we could arrange it.
Yeah.
I think in your case it's already happening.
WKRP and Cincinnati somebody says.
Hi, this is Jim Baguette for the message for college graduates.
Now what I wouldn't give to be in your shoes right now.
I know personally that today's youth is concerned over America's secure.
Oh, that's the wrong thing.
What's more, you earn your coveted ring gold in the company of fine married men after only seeing women.
You're interested?
See your recruiter.
Just right back in your hero tale.
I tell you love to make both trip.
And start it from this topic for all for this tiny ship.
The make was a mighty sailing man.
The skipper brave and so I really wanted to play with.
Hello, this is Tim Reed.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you ever wondered.
I wondered what ever it came up.
I meant the air in Cincinnati.
Cincinnati WKRP.
That kind of backpacking and the packing.
Horrible show and an evil worst thing.
Now, did somebody mention that the rifleman?
They might have shut corners.
Oh.
Hey, Chuck, you're gay.
I'm gonna send Chuck right up in there.
This is the thing that the rifleman?
What did he say?
I don't know if I should watch that.
You know why?
I don't know if he's a football player.
I don't know if I should watch that.
Hey, can we do this yet?
I don't know.
It was a storm.
Ruby daddy.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Oh, man, scared the living crap out of me.
Wow.
And for all the real old parts like me.
They kids, what time is it?
Oh, wow.
Oh, jeez, don't he, kids, man.
Oh, wow.
Well, how do you Mr. Doody?
Oh, we can't say that anymore.
How do you Mr. Doody?
That's bad.
Do you still have a nervous breakdown?
So I have a nervous Schmidt.
Here's another old timer one.
Hello again.
This is Jack Manning.
Sounds like Greg Reed.
Yep.
We are going to explore the world of Golden Television.
A Weas performer shared with you the creative best in our lives.
You saw the performers in your own big ugly glass picture tube.
But one of the reasons both radio and television were able to provide free entertainment of the highest caliber
was the advertisers who paid the bills.
From television city in Hollywood, the Jack Benny's program.
For the special guest Dan Daly, Kirk Douglas, Fred McFurley, Throly Martin and Dick Powell.
Resented by Lucky Strike.
LSMF team, man.
Lucky Strike means fine tobacco.
Now, did we do this?
The outer limits?
Not yet.
There is nothing wrong with your television set.
Do not attempt to adjust the picture.
We are controlling transmission.
We will control the horizontal.
We will control the vertical.
We can change the focus to a soft blur.
Now, starting from here, we are more controlling with Kevin Dillon.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control the TV.
I remember that now.
I mind you, starting to make a camera.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
That's good.
You are about to be particularly tall and mystery,
which reaches from the inner mind to the outer limit.
Oh my god.
Wow.
And then there's always always.
Quinn.
Who is on guiding light with no other for long?
What's more, Quinn?
Who is our George Shatter?
Our channel.
George Shatter.
George Shatter.
And look what just came in on our facts.
This is Raymond Burr.
And this short announcement.
I'm going to tell you much.
You've been got the latest information about research.
By writing to NIH, Bethesda, Maryland,
2.0014.
One Werner.
Why them home, why not play ad amazнач
why not playَ
where is the
narrative?
And now where the compels ,
does he have
absolutely no !!
That's pretty good. Then we get some voice performance and that's a good
good thing. And then of course also, man, I bet you the guy with the eyes is
gonna vote for this one. This is Shirley Jones working in the United States and
overseas.
Yeah, we heard about Dave that he was working on overseas too, honey in Germany.
Yeah, yeah.
We are the three and we know it's traveling together.
We've been a little bit lovin' and we keep moving on.
Something always happens when we're near, but we're together.
We get a happy feeling when we're singing the song.
A little piece of trivia.
Guess where David the Cassidy is appearing right now.
It please falls, we can see no Niagara Falls.
Okay.
Well, I just mentioned that in passing.
In case anybody's been come up at this time of the year, I kind of doubt it.
It's gonna be a lunatic, but that's where he is. He's still doing it.
He's still performing. He's still, you know, old and gray.
But yeah, it's a beautiful new casino. No coated a gamble.
Or you'll lose your ass, but that's a beautiful place.
And they got a great buffet. Now let's see.
A horse is a horse, a Mr. Ed. I don't think we got Mr. Ed on this disc.
I don't want to keep changing discs. It's a little bit too much work for an old fart like me.
That would be like my kid in the four thirty and more. I'm too old for that.
Hey, Josie, you're an idiot, man.
Now we know why Josie is the way he outlaws.
I think he's one of them.
Let's see. Here's one from John and Helen Bale.
Favorite TV thing for all time.
Raw hide. Oh, I bet you that's on here, you think?
It should be.
Huh? I'm one of these. One of these two that I got right here.
Raw hide. Where the hell am I gonna find?
Raw hide? Who now was in that show?
I'm just stalling for time while I'm queuing it up.
This is Clint Eastwoods.
Boy, that's your and your friends and choose a career of patriotism.
You'll bring honor to yourself and win the admiration of the entire free world.
This is Clint Eastwood saying so long and the best of life.
Come on out.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
This thing's just full and keep them all going on.
Raw hide.
Run, win, win.
I'm not really sure if we did this one out better be on there.
Hi, Amigos.
The next time that we will like Oops.
Oh, yeah, here comes the one we all know and love again.
That was the original soundtrack of Lucy Fim, which was first heard on television in
I'm in your relationship with San, who loved you so much, just like a foreword
People magazine voted you in
The thing is, you might find someone with a finger
Boulder
Hey
Dude, it's married life get back
Take the end off
What you like people matter
No minute, you hit from the liking star
Then break apart and sign your divorce paper
Combo 205 50 WQ Mutsi here's one of best teams on ever Mannix
Uh-oh, I know I got that here somewhere I'll get to it
I'll find it don't let me forget Mannix I like that one
Not a good show though
Well, cops what?
Oh cops show sorry
And let's see our friend Carolyn who finally got over a really old capriote session
She said baby crack it where am I gonna find that?
Oh
How do you like that?
Okay, it's enough
We've been doing all this faxing we had 80 million faxings today right WQM hello
How about Love of Air can style
Love American style yeah, that's a good team okay. Thanks love American style was okay right right?
I think I mean have that in here we have the theme to love American style
Oh no, I like that
Wow, it's magic
Oh yeah
You and I have been playing
You and I have been playing
You and I have been playing
You and I have been playing
You and I have been playing
You and I have been playing
Oh, I actually found a distance in the right thing now
Wow, later on today it's gonna take me about two hours to get all these disrespect in the right thing
But nobody's checking it out nobody will know
I'm also opening up a stupid mouth I got Mannix
You want to hear Mannix?
I'd love to queue up here I got it
Okay, there they
That's the best that's the best team ever
That's the best one they could pick up
Oh, I got a much better one than that it's on the same disco less only enough to change it to flip my disc
I might flip my flipper a little bit
Come on get serious
Hey, Luke, what you got there Luke?
You got the logo
You got the logo
Say home in Trevor
Trevor faster than lightning
No one can see
And guess what else is on the same disc which I played for you earlier this morning a command performance
All right
Okay, they're gonna have to help me out with this fast
Is this a theme song that I don't know which one it is
So I was hoping you wouldn't know
Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum what might be right for you might not be right for some
Oh no, this is that that's a different strokes
Oh I got that
I'm here to actually have it but I'm looking to see what the sound is this
Oh I got it
I got it I got it I got it
I'm going to go hide my head now
Okay, no wait a minute I just got to that was the Lost in Space which already is on the list
Superman Batman do we do Superman?
Maybe you did
Oh if it was a time-rolling
A bigger part if it was time-rolling and he had plenty of ID
What the hell am I on here
Oh it just went from cut 65 to cut number one or that's because there ain't no 65
What am I looking for? We didn't do Superman did we?
No you're looking for different strokes
Oh that's Batman beer
No that's later forget about that
Oh there we go
I know we've asked this before but how come with so many of these people have
either played Superman either committed suicide like George Reeves and Bud Kha'yur who played him on a radio and then of course Chris Reeve who like
Vat Awikid there
Right?
I guess they want to see where I have to go
Better watch your time well that's gonna start slow
I'm speeding bullets
Oh powerful but all locomotive
They want to leave tall buildings at a single bound
On the sky it's a bird
It's a train
It's Superman
Yes it's Superman
Strange visitor from another planet who came to earth with powers and abilities far beyond all the mortal men
Superman who could change the course of mighty rivers
Ben Steel in his bare hands and who disguised as clock fence
Mile van is reported for a great meant to bother the newspaper
Lights are never ending battles for truth
Justice and the American way
The American is the way I like that
You there now?
I didn't go anywhere when we were in the air
We went away we were off the air for a while or something
There was a power switch
There was a power glitch and everything shut down over here
Well don't tell me am I here I've been here all along and then go
I thought we were doing a show
What's going on how long will this happen?
About 30 men
What does that mean?
There was a power flicker
Oh you guys suck man
You blow
Every time I'm pigeonfarts man you guys the power goes
That's the South Florida F and way
Please don't tell me that whatever I just played before then didn't get on the air
What was it so important?
Nothing got on the air as far as I know
What do you mean by that?
Less than 10 o'clock?
Right
I was over
I just got through playing like I played TV
I played TV seconds no more then maybe
Somebody says the Gober pile show isn't interesting that years later
Now that Jim neighbors is out we understand how Gober got his piles
Speed racer
I was playing a speed racer parody
And I played the David Crockett
Did that get on the air for Carolyn?
Yeah David Crockett
Captain Kirk this is Lieutenant O'Hara
Mr. Spock is ready to patch
I'm on the surface of the destroyed barbarian planet now Captain
Destroyed?
What do you see Mr. Spock?
The surviving inhabitants are in a dreadful condition
It seems they can't control their limbs and their minds are dull or their mouths
Fascinating
They seem to be in a state of never ending
They could pick from this point of time
Thank you so much
Hard drug abuse
I suspect it has destroyed all meaningful life on this wretched planet
A tragic find Mr. Spock
As of Alkan, I find a need for hard drugs to be totally illogical
Well there's a half human Spock
Surely you can appreciate the suffering that hard drug abuse causes
We can only hope that other civilizations will mark me a same state
Have you liked it?
We've got a StarGrip PSA noise
Space, the final frontier
These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise
It's by the Emission to explore strange new worlds
To seek out new life and new civilizations
To boldly go when no man has gone before
Okay we got StarGrip
We do that
No
Here's what I saw in a bottle of his channel on the last week
Hey Gokers
Huh?
Hey Gokers
Ernie Colback
Ernie Stilberg
Okay Ernie Colback, you know
He was right
Who bad nobody out of the age of 100 is listening anymore today
But that's okay, all of us old parts were having a good time
Josh is probably wondering what is this music and what were these shows?
Aren't you wondering?
Yeah, let's put on wonder
Why?
Why do I have that news for you man?
I don't care what you say whether it's sports or anything else in the world
One thing about television, the golden days of television are long gone
That's not a debatable point
Are you alright George?
There's always the shield
I'm not going to argue with you there but
I just haven't heard most of these
Well so they give like an education, I mean the price is right
You might learn a little bit of the sign on that's dangerous
Alright so we'll update a little bit
I'll play a little something new
You'll think what you're with from
What an exciting, no
NYPD Blue, man
Well here's one, this would be tough now
Listen very carefully
Simpson
I thought he had a suit, he was over there tight
Oh, and then there's always, there's always
Man about you, is that sure still on?
No, thank god
Tell me who I am
I love your lock up dude
No thanks
And if you thought that was bad, wait till you hear me
Oh, no
You're just on here to get some votes man
Oh
Please, look over there
I'm not going to watch out
I'm not going to watch out
You're going to go back
You're going to go back
You're always on here
And then there's always a shield
And then there's always a shield
And then there's always a shield
I'm not going to watch out
Oh, give me a break
Hey listen, it was mighty popular man
He still got Joanne
He's like all with tough and we're frenzy
And he's still all, it's almost as good as Chias
Real crap
1214 at 560 WKM, we got the Mole Man
And 2, we got the Mad Dog at 4am
We got Hurricane stuff
You're the same same thing, you're the real Rogers
X, conclusively
On 560 WKM
I got your breasts beautiful
All the America is tuning in to find out who will be the next
Un-American Idol
July 1, Tanda Haar
My talent was Televon Kreets
Face the judges
Who will be eliminated
Will it be Muhammad
Muhammad
Muhammad, over
Muhammad
And now
The End is near
We will destroy
Don't say that
Hey, when they've done
Each Un-American performer is judged on the spot by an Un-American Idol judge like Simon
Will no homie
I thought your performance was repudmint, repulsive, revoking
In other words, you'll be avid
Un-American Idol
Where following on stage
Takes out a whole new meaning
Oh, Simon, you're the right
You're the right, you've loved my mind, no, Jama
Oh, on the phone
Un-American Idol
Where even the winners are losers
From 17 to 560 WKM
Happy Wednesday to you
Here's what we got so far, your favorite TV stream of all time from any of all kinds of shows
What do you like? What do you got? What do you like? Huh? What do you got?
Uh, you know what?
It's for every nine votes is what we got and of course, oh wait a minute, here's my phone is ringing, I might have to go downstairs
All right, want me to play something? Hello?
Yeah
What is it?
Hello? I mean, he's there, many's on the phone
What is it? Okay, I won't see you
Chris, hi
Wow, that's good as my male is finally, well that's interesting because the male is finally starting to show up
Good
The male has been very, very slow
I told you that since the new year and of course here we got too many holidays
Although I guess the working people are like it
Because if Christmas or New Year fall on a Saturday or a Sunday, then the Monday has to be a legal holiday
That's the law, it's the law
Speaking of law and order
I already played that tonight
Yeah
No idea
Here we go
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Who's in that? What's your name? Oh, man. Come on real corny old time. He's pretty good though. He tried to be a singer a little bit there. He did.
He did. Corn ball. Epigota. No. He was in it. Battle Star Galactica. Oh my god. I can't believe this. You got that. It's in the DCS. The runins in. I do like that for quick. How was that quick? I just picked up the facts and everything is baby. Under TV team. Battle Star.
How do you like that? It must be my lucky day. How London? Oh, Hallelujah's right. How London? How London? I think he said, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, how London? Hallelujah. Hollywood is my language. Say if they were playing hockey, which they're not. No hockey boys and girls. By the way, they were supposed to have some meat and zoolags and they said, I forget about it. Let's see. Here's the fact that says from Chris now listen Chris. One thing we don't like is being
corrected okay so if you want to see more naked pictures on there which is
going to be enjoying don't be starting a nitpick with us Chris first he says
Janet Dubois will loan her from good time singing wrote the theme from the
Jefferson's well how do you like that all right I don't care what you say I like
good times I'm gonna play it again just out of spite if I can find it good time
let's roll with that theme it's great I hate it why it's up well how about
section the city they suck what do I like about it that's weak how about the
practice oh we know this practice
I'm trying to show I'm playing some recent stuff and it all blows like
Malcolm in the middle
oh forget about the aliens
and then this one which is where most of these things belong six feet under oh
that's it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh now I played one before the show this morning I really this could be to
me the most aggravating theme of all
see the glamour they're in a midwest I mean they show us out in South Florida
we got a lot of Jews in New Yorkers who understand the issues like
mandatory in school in school but you know middle America and like in the
month one for it states they don't know from some middle and some
a mazel especially okay Leverin and surely so both of you Cox a hoist okay get
lost anyway also Chris says Connor is spelled with a cane out with a seat
and I already said that before so big the old Josh made a mistake believe me
it's not as first it won't be his last just like picking a cult over the
Patriots on Sunday bad move okay don't count your victories until they had I was
looking at Sandy Peyton Manning's record against the Patriots I was reading
some of the Boston Guild this morning and believe you me it's in fact he's got a
perfect record in New England you know how many games he's one there zero oh and
then it says God bless you for the corner cova and first and don't put your
seat we may be spelled wrong but who cares about spelling when you're sniffing
and it's smelling right right Gary says start direct the next generation okay
I don't have that we have a bit but we don't have it also it says Al Zero the
theme from moon lighting moon lighting how many know what that is
someone find out something good
you know what's good about that you got me I mean I bet you love good times
compared to that no maybe I'm playing good times all day till two o'clock
because we show okay I'm gonna put that under fire not that okay with me
my mom's gonna be a good job of what I'm out now here's a fact from John and
Cleveland who obviously also needs some serious help maybe he's hearing like
some sounds from the although out there I don't think he's hearing the Spanish
language music in a back on the internet they said you have the theme from the
white shadow basketball show from late 70s early 80s never heard of it don't
have it the white shadow I've heard of it you have the show I don't know what
the theme sounds so white shadow I don't want to see I'm not looking at
that's got like some obscure stuff doesn't let's see well so it's not obscure
no it's not obscure manics rockford file Charlie's angels 77 senses of Vegas
Peter going theme we got cannon oh cannon I gotta play that get that on there
right away cannon I don't cop show you don't like it you look with your
team right because you just bad you don't like bad people huh to good theme
so with this one to trim it up the bad people they're just gonna die oh well he's
dead see there's a proof
not a great thing all the life on it be going to be the end of it is the
powerful thing but I don't want to listen that long I need to do you heart to
heart this is my boss
Jonathan
great
this is miss
this is
now what about the Remington steel
I might as well get these all over the way from this one this what about it
are we put it out there if you want whatever I don't want to go to the
other one already what about wild honey
wild honey I don't even know what that's you know why and I know that's a wild
honey
oh boy no wonder that she was not anymore I didn't know that the uh that our former
car wash guy had his own show Spencer for higher
themes you turn on a Spencer okay he's probably dead
and speaking of Richard Janssen which we were only moments ago not how about
Harry oh
thing from checkmate you know that show
never heard of it
10 speed and brown shoe
and brown shoe of course last wish we already played good this should get a lot of
smag and pee and higgins by the way I'm sure it is
back time so I'm holding a press conference
it's a real crime and I'm putting these not yet
so there's a great team from an awful awful show do you ever watch that show
you probably wouldn't because it's a comp show it's it's just horrible it may
be just all the shows a bad name
nagging to you anyway John and Cleveland says also please insert more
flatulence drops into the things you play thanks yeah okay one would be
but he's a here to ask for it huh but it's rough and bloody he's not here to I
guess John didn't get the memo from Joyce we aren't doing no more flatulence
sounds the best we can do is that and like yeah and that's it that's about as
close as we can come to being amusing we don't want to be too amusing because
Joyce is a humorless bitch okay basic result of World Down she asked if
protect us and protect our license which they should have been thinking about by
the way a long time ago 28 pass noon at QAM
I'm
saying I didn't think my little guy was ever gonna have to give this like
make all the noise and one day first word your mother's
sex it's male and they said mom a phedia right to take care of the second word
second word I guess that's the word he probably heard
moment his third word I was kind of hoping it would be that all right but it
wasn't it's not like you will die but actually turns out was McDonald's
you guys go to McDonald's with mom at the same he wants to go there let's I
say that mom it's me you know come on that has go to hearties hearties new
monster thick burger with four strips of bacon three slices of cheese and two
thirds of a pound of human flesh because McDonald's is great when you're
this by the Lord of darkness the balance is a registered trademark of McDonald's
corporation oh man it's the monster burger they keep
with me moaning the fate of the people eating the monster burger but it looks like
they have a good time okay they're gonna die with a smile on their face they're
gonna be like right right search for weapons of mass destruction officially
comes to an end although the hunt for biological chemical and nuclear weapons
in Iraq has come to an end nearly two years after president bush ordered U.S.
troops to disarm Saddam Hussein the top CIA weapons hunter was home and listed
back it lightly and nothing in interviews officials who served with Iraq
survey groups said the violence in Iraq couple they lack of new information led
them to fold up the effort shortly before Christmas four months after Charles
Dahlper who led the weapons hunt in 2004 submitted an interim report to
Congress that contradict nearly every pre-war assertion about Iraq made by
top administration officials a senior intelligence official said the findings
will stand as eyes sd's final conclusions and we published this frame other
words not a nothing zip any do not interfere but we didn't go there for because
they were a threat or because it was that mushroom clown was coming or they
were had weapons of mass destruction we went there to have free and democratic
elections and we all we made that up anyway make it look good you have so many
people dying out there every day we can't even keep track of it anymore and
nobody seemed to like the sensitize and somebody made a very good point a
call I read yesterday believe in the Toronto star and it's wonderful that people
are raising all of this money for the tsunami family victims of the you know
families of the victims etc.
You there? Hello?
I was looking for an excuse to bust out these and the Indian melodies
how often do you get to hear it?
definitely.
Indian Indian music.
Are you back?
You can't hear me?
I can hear you now.
Well what that was out all about.
I guess you said that tell us well what's going on here today?
You tell me.
We're not having those.
WHAT THE HELL ON Was It Let Us 9?
It won't be getting ever worse.
They're so pretty young girl.
I'm aumentable but I can't stand thatهم.
We're if you need more than wonderful people.
engineer, a chief cook and model washer, even though he's told to get up at 4.30 in the
morning so it says, Josie Lamby.
Rogers Arkansas, my hometown.
There's a reason Mom says to always have a fresh pair of underwear.
The Rogers City Attorney learned this week that it's to attract rescue helicopters.
Van Lipscomb found himself lost in the flooded backwards of Bayou Mido this week while duck
hunting, with his laboratory retriever Josie Wales.
Oh, the outlaw and Josie Wales.
He wants to see how this all fits together sooner or later.
Sooner or later.
He only managed to make it out by tying his white briefs to the end of his own gun barrel,
waving them at the Arkansas State Police helicopter.
Dected out in full camouflage hunting gear, Lipscomb was practically invisible as the helicopter
made several passes at dusk.
They had passed over me a couple of times he told the morning news of Northwest Arkansas.
After he was safe and sound back at a city hall desk, I knew I had to do something to
get the retention.
Anticipating your cold night in the wilderness, Lipscomb drank dirty bayou water and ate
a raw duck breast before he was spotted.
Oh, God.
A raw duck breast.
Hmm.
Lipscomb have you ever eaten duck?
Yeah.
Very gamey.
It's very fatty, very foul tasting dark meat.
Oh, man.
Lipscomb had been in the flooded timberland near a hollow wall reservoir for about 12 hours
when he was rescued.
He went out with two other men and already shot a couple of dusk when he and his dogs
spotted a host of dusk a few hundred yards away.
After killing and bagging for them, he realized he didn't know where the bolt was.
I got turned around.
I started walking in a general direction where I thought the bolt was, but it wasn't.
Lipscomb said.
If it had been for the pulleys, I probably would have frozen it out there.
It was a real humbling experience.
You got it like that.
Because you see this guy hunting you better.
You got it.
So we're back on.
How long were we having that?
I heard you playing like whatever that was for that length of time.
Wow.
A couple of minutes.
But about that too.
Good thing I rushed right over there and turned to get some of that tellos.
But definitely nobody there in the building is going to help us out.
And probably the PD from light one over one point five is at lunch now so we can't help
us.
Well, that's what we have to do.
It's pretty sad commentary here at QA.
But when we have any kind of a technical screw up, we have to get a phone call from an engineer
or a PD and other station in town.
They'll tell us how to string it all out.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We apologize for our technical incompetence and stupidity, but we had nothing to do with
that.
Tom 5 60 under Verizon, sing it a wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Not there.
WQA and hello.
QA and.
Yes.
Want to talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
What about the theme for the pink Panther?
Pink Panther, you got a mind.
Okay.
Thank you.
Here are some of this is God.
Is that out of you show?
Yeah.
It was a cartoon.
There were some cartoons or whatever.
Not many of those for some reason.
No, it's a movie for some reason.
Oh.
Now let's see.
Let me see if this Star Trek is the same as the one I've probably told you.
Obviously not going to have the PSA for drugs.
Did we do Manics?
I guess we did Manics.
You did Manics.
Lalo Schiff and No, I did not.
So did I.
Not my time.
Oh, here's one that's going to get a few hosts, even though I can't stand her.
And I hated the show and it was horrible.
Here's a guy over the free even rather.
She didn't care for home.
She was a system who really could.
Here's a girl who was the first prop.
And she had no shares more.
Quite.
I think that was the idea.
Oh.
Yeah, but just two of no shares.
I'll give it up for you.
How about Slot?
Good thing.
Should let it play to the hook.
Sounds like Schiff to me.
Yeah.
We're all the same era.
Yeah, obviously good prop Shaff.
Speaking of Shaff.
Yes.
How about Shaff?
That was a TV show?
Shaff?
I didn't see Shaff.
Yeah, then.
The one who's seen the old lines.
I didn't see the movie.
I don't know.
Well, just it's just the passage of time.
You know, your mind like can't block this drug so it doesn't break.
Oh, what is this one?
Wow.
We're really sure.
We're putting that crystal in our text.
You just inspired by television.
Yeah.
Horrible.
Well, it's making our dreams come true.
It's the name of the song.
That's just another version of the same horrible thing from an awful, awful, nasty rotten, two-duey show, The Vernon Squirley.
Yeah, every version is horrible.
Oh.
Now, speaking of Jose Feliciano.
Oh, yeah.
How about Chico and a man?
Okay.
Come on, Jose.
Here's the microphone.
Here's the microphone.
Let me go.
Let's bend.
Chico.
Don't be discouraged.
It's the man he ain't so far to understand.
Okay.
Chico.
Boy, that.
Now, didn't somebody say different strokes that I couldn't find to be found?
Oh, no.
I wish I had no fear of just one drug.
I hope.
Tell me, now my practice is on.
You know, there is only some bad old things that no song comes to.
They got nothing but the dreams that they got.
Never in school to say.
Never in school today.
They have homicides for doing that in the middle of lunch hour.
You are listening to new Roger.
And, could listen to him.
On 566-8-2-A-L.
This is Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC and overlord of D.C.C.
rubbing my two-bular legs tightly together to make my voice as high.
How can I help you?
This is one of your 28 concerned students who want everybody to be just like us.
I've always right to call you.
Always a pleasure hearing from you.
What can I ban for you today, my holy sister?
Well, I'm watching TV, Lan, and they're running an old show from the 60s.
That I believe is course and damaging to the tender minds of our trophy children.
What show is this?
It's, well, I can only say the middle name.
Van.
What's the first name?
It's, saying, is our decent vice president.
Dick?
Yes.
And the last name?
The vice president's daughter.
Dike?
Yes.
Isn't Dick Van Dike?
Oh, Lord, forgive us.
I believe all those words are on the list.
I wish you would direct the show permanently banned from the airways and sit fines for any mention of Dick and I.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you too, honey.
Wish blast.
This is Dick Van Dike, asking you to listen to this sound.
So I do like that.
That was great for a segue, huh?
That was really cute.
Not great.
It was cute.
Okay.
ACI, I even troubled my church often.
I still say he looks like a terrorist to me.
Doesn't he?
He looks like the evil something rather in a movie.
He looks like he's part of the evil empire.
He's an evil doer.
And of course, a Bush documentary, you know he is.
The ACLU said yesterday that it is troubled by the nomination of the U.S. George Michael Churdoff to head the department of Homeland Security.
He made me kind of cheese off when I saw it with Churdoff.
The ACLU said it takes no position on the nomination, but we're troubled that Churdoff's public records suggest that he sees the Bill of Rights as an obstacle to national security rather than in God book for how to do security properly.
The ACLU said Churdoff has been a vocal champion of the Bush administration's pervasive belief that the executive branch could be free of many of the checks and balances that can be used.
He's been keeping it from abusing its immense power in our lives and liberty.
The group added his nomination to set up the Department of Homeland Security, a new and untested agency with great influence on several liberties, means that Churdoff should be questioned aggressively to ensure his fitness for the position and the strength of his dedication to the Bill of Rights.
But that's what they'll do. They'll question him aggressively and then the role of him played dead, which the Democrats always do.
That's their new game plan.
That's why we need Howard Dean.
Peter Madd, baby.
He wants to be the head of the DNC and I say vote for him right now.
5.6.7. We need to get a lot of these calls and because I'm sure there are many fantastic things.
Just because we're putting on the ones that I got here, right?
Right. Which I don't have mall. I've got some, how about do we put this on?
No. No, I got it.
No, I got it.
No, let's see. Who's the most annoying person from that show? Was it Tom Bosley? Was it Fonsley? Or was it Ron Howard?
The first two. It would be between them.
But sure wasn't Scott Bayowell, I'll tell you that.
Although Potsy sure did get a little.
He really aloofed with Williamson's. That just a joke.
Or I just make that up. Now let's see. How about this one?
And I know this is going to get votes and I'm surprised nobody said it yet. Or they did say it.
I don't hear it yet. Oh, there it is. Oh, there it is. Yeah. Somebody said Barney Miller.
And I was trying to pick what the guy's name was. And you said it was Howard.
Thank you, Bob.
Howard. That's right.
But it was a good one.
It wasn't. It was.
Or any Miller. We already got on our thing. And what about, did we put this on?
Once upon a time there were three little girls who went to the police academy.
Tell me.
And they were each assigned very hazardous duties.
There's nothing worse than a hazard is duty. I'll tell you that.
And there's always.
Team from dynasty.
This is.
This is here. Team from dynasty. Why did you ever watch dynasty?
No, not really, but. I heard the thing.
I watch Falcon press because your favorite actor was in that one.
Yeah. It runs along.
This he does. I'll go for it.
Hey, don't be back in Lorenzo Lamas, baby. I got news for you. He was about as pretty as they come for about five minutes there until somebody hit him with the ugly stick.
What was that movie he was in when he kept wrestling with the snakes? Well, anyway,
it's a snake right there.
Joyce, you're going to say Peter about that.
5 6 7, no, seriously. He was in a movie where he was wrestling snakes in a, in a cricket or a lake or something like that.
Maybe he was there.
Was that really it? There were like three of them or something.
Three or what? He had three.
Those movies.
Wow.
I thought they were about you.
I'll be damned.
5 6 7 0 5 60. We move right along. Don't forget to join George McGill and Vokabry and all the perverts for happy hour today.
5 7 to treasure island right off the Palmetto just note to the 120 seconds.
We exit when you stop by. Be sure to ask George about how fat boy really screwed him over big time.
And why he's not getting paid the you're not not doing the spots in Tommy's squeaky voices on her instead.
Stop by for free price and enjoy dance specials all night long at treasure island.
5 to 7 today is Wednesday. It's treasure island day, right? And George wants to get paid.
He's never getting screwed over by fat boy aka of high eye eye eye.
We're tired of fat boy and don't be ever ever sent me another piece of that copy you sent me a fact me yesterday.
Talk about lazy. See one thing I know from personal experience fat people were lazy.
That's why I don't want to get up 4 30 in the morning for too many and you're in the other amount.
Lazy. It's not that I couldn't do it. I'm just too lazy to do it.
Would you want to do it? Hello.
For too many in a year? Well, yeah. Oh, yeah.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, pal.
Listen, I got one for the poll today.
But I do have one for yesterday that we left off was really important.
But we left off a whole bunch.
Okay. Well, how are we fiercely we left off even?
How about it?
That's the one I've moved for.
Who?
He is enough with Dick Van Patten.
Oh, yeah. With Vincent.
And the other and the one for yesterday I think is very important is Bill Kamal.
He should have been on that.
I miss the whole deal. He's been no more polls for Bill.
Okay, we couldn't.
I got you there.
That's part of his punishment. We took all his polls away.
Eight is enough. I don't have that thing.
I do remember Willie Ames with it.
I just mentioned Scott Bayland Willie Ames.
He did.
Was that awful show Charles and Charged?
Horrible.
And here comes eight is enough with Willie Ames.
And what's his name? Dick Van Patten.
Who was the father of Vincent Patten?
Who was that very mediocre actor but very, very good tennis player.
And pretty.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the Verizon.
See, I was just yesterday.
See, it must be because I'm getting old.
I'm too old for all of this.
Oh, well, I never wild out of those shows.
I never watch them.
We even back then just because there were pretty people on it.
You know?
Right.
I don't know.
I don't understand.
A lot of these people, I guess it's the ones who aren't getting any.
If you got to sit around and just watch TV shows to see somebody beautiful.
I mean, it's fine.
But, you know, I prefer a hands-on experience myself.
Yeah, some people are married, you know?
Oh, in other words, they're not getting any for like years.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The Tom 5, 60 on the, well, except when, of course, they least expected Verizon and Singular Rital's lines.
Wendee QA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, there are two things.
Number one, the Dean from SWAT.
The TV show in the 70s.
I played a little bit of that.
In fact, I might just play a little bit of that now since you got the, here it is.
This happens to be in there.
Is that it?
That's what.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
One and a half.
There you go.
Okay, Ian.
And, and, and, why do you only got a pick on Joseph Gatti?
I think he does a good job on the hurricane.
Horrible.
He's the worst.
He's the worst I've ever heard in my life.
Are you kidding me?
He's got a good job on like a dead man.
Have you ever bought Cassidy's sporting event?
Yes, I did you, I did you em baseball for six seasons, sir.
No, no, no, no.
You're a liar.
What?
A liar.
I didn't, I didn't broadcast you em baseball.
No, he didn't.
Okay, whatever you say.
I just made it up.
He got me confusing with Greg, I guess.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, and Verizon, and, singular, wireless line.
No, I've never broadcast baseball or hockey or basketball or football.
I never, never, never seen it.
I just dreamed it.
WQA Am, hello.
Ian, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Ah, not bad.
I don't know if maybe I tuned in late, but what about the classical Y5O?
Got it, it's on here, man.
It's on there, man.
It's got to be the plus, what about a wow, wow, less brother?
It's on there, man.
In fact, I'll play a little more, how I, oh, this isn't a good one, but it's the best right in there right now.
Very great.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Bring that to my birthday girl, then.
Fucking fun.
This is the one I jumped on.
One channel is looking great.
Oh, that's funny.
Did we put green acres on it?
Or did we just let's know before the show?
That's the reason.
We just put green.
Okay.
We have one.
We just put green.
We just put green.
Okay, that's enough.
Oh, I don't want to hear him sing it.
Is that any Albert?
I don't think it's something.
Any Albert in the show, I don't think he sings it.
Maybe he does.
I think you're wrong.
That would be scary if it was.
The green acres is your place to be.
That's how I live and is the life he's born.
Oh, I'm living.
The land spread out so far and wide.
You're right.
Man, haven't you just given that kind of friendship?
I know what I said.
I know what any Albert, Mr. I'll tell you right now.
He doesn't sing it right about paper.
He's stuck in Ouzia, he's asked.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8.
This has been pretty good today.
I'm amazed at that because I don't like repeating this stuff too often.
But I think it's been a couple of years since we've done this.
Sure, long enough.
And for us the last time we didn't keep going off the air all the time in the middle of the show.
I don't know what that's all about.
First of all, you said you had a power figure down there.
Every time it happens there's a bit of a flicker.
Yeah.
In other words, it's still happening now?
Well, it hasn't happened since the last time.
Right.
But what would that have to do with my having to reset the tell us?
Because I'm sure it was on your end because I was hearing you find, couldn't be on this end.
Always on that end, man.
There's always something with a bitter QA and MN.
I think God is punishing the beesleasing Greg Reid for their grotesque behavior in the recent months.
It's been just unbelievable.
Just incredible.
Starting with the way they's porked over a poor Joe Rose man, that was bad.
They really host him.
Thank God he came out standing up first right on both legs, huh?
Right.
Be a little dog.
But we got mad dogs tied up.
We're thinking of probably in a broom closet.
WNH, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
I got two free bull.
Yes, sir.
First one, Mission Involvable.
Got it.
And second one, my rider.
Oh, my rider.
Don't have that one yet.
That was the one with that awful, what's his name from?
David Ophelhoff.
David Ophelhoff.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
I'm a big picture.
You go.
You go.
OK, I wish one of them.
It doesn't sound OK.
It doesn't sound OK.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
You are listening to Neil Roger's hit,
fluently on 5.60.
We just got the rail.
When I'm up in Boca Tika's slapping old women with painted lips around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two.
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers Aaron balance one or two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
We're the wake up face, she's the way.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
You're back.
It's hanging on by a thread.
So you don't even know that you were out there for like 30 seconds.
Oh you said we're back.
I'm not paying attention because you're my, I was off the air or what?
We, I don't even know that we're not finding out.
Hello.
This is your test.
Are we your friends?
Either we're either losing our connection with you or we're going off the air completely.
Well, isn't anybody there to tell you whether we're running or not?
I mean at least somebody should know that.
You'd think.
Yeah, we're off the air.
Oh, in some other words it's not between you and me because we hear each other fine.
So we're off the air now?
No, not now, but when we have those little you know spurts.
Oh, so it's just silence.
Pretty much.
Oh, so playing my Andy and music isn't even getting out there.
So in other words the bits that I just played didn't get on the air?
No, no.
Oh, well how about...
Three, two, one, go, raise your flame.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
The whole train was on the train.
That one was a black Republican.
And the week that you turned around like a boss and got me on the train.
All the time you're in Newark Street.
Why do you want me to take the train?
I hate it out the world when I'm great.
The whole train was on the train.
If I really wanted to screw off here I could just go like...
Yeah, I don't know.
And you'd never know the difference.
We got a whole hour, David, you better stay on the airman.
He's got some important craftifice along.
Especially with the big playoff games come up this weekend.
And then a mad dog who may or may not be.
I just like I said I can't handle it.
No mall. No mall for me on it.
Now did any of this get on?
Because it was leading the whole.
Or not.
That's where we paid it.
I see.
Whenever this again can't play too often.
It's been...
It's down to Johnson.
So that's leading the boy.
We got a good horse race man.
I mean, Vice 65, who I 5, 0, 61.
Can you believe that?
I believe it's good.
Sanford and Santhirty 2 all in the family 29,
Mashed 26, Chias 23.
I bet you Tom Jacob ordered for that.
Peter Gun 22, Magnum P.U. 17,
The Jefferson's 15,
Dukes of Hazard 13,
The Dukes of Hazard,
Holy Moly.
Greatest American hero 12,
soprano as a dozen,
Batman 12,
Bonanza 11,
The Simpsons 10,
Cops 9.
We're not asking for favorite shows,
asking for favorite themes now.
You Beverly or your Dukes of Hazard people.
That's a good theme.
Maybe we ought to try one more time.
Although I don't know.
I'm going to get it even better.
Didn't do it justice.
Doing it justice be like to take the CD and just hammer it
into the smith here.
Is this it?
That's it.
Yeah.
All right.
I feel it.
Just a good old part.
Never meaning no harm.
It's all you never saw.
And in trouble we're the ones that's a feeling we fall.
Spading the curve.
And that's it.
It just keeps you going like that.
It doesn't do anything.
Well, there's a quarter of this.
Oh, let's get to it.
Not only knows we're going to go off the earth again for like half an hour.
Take it away.
I won't do anything to help.
That really blows.
Okay, let's get back to the results here.
Give a few.
I'll be got 25,000 different ones.
So, Prandtos, it doesn't Batman 12, Bonanza 11,
Simpsons 10, Cops 9.
Twilight Zone 8.
Welcome back, Carter.
We still have it spelled wrong,
which we're proud of.
Finnegan's Red Maloon's 8.
James Bond's 7.
Lone Ranger's 7.
The 8 team's got 7.
A. Hill Street Blue 6.
Good time 6.
Good time's got 6 motestorge.
How do you like that?
Put that here.
Peace pipe in the schmoket.
I love it.
I don't understand that.
I mean, what is not to life?
That heart.
The boy.
The baby.
The baby.
The baby.
Can't hear you.
What do you say?
Yeah.
Secret agent 5.
Adam's family 5.
Tonight's host, Johnny Carson 5.
Wild Wild West 5.
Barnaby Drones always gets his man.
He's got 5.
5 men.
Friends 4.
Get smart, got 4.
Rockford Files 4.
Hogan Zero's 4.
Lawn older 4.
Star Direct's got 3.
Outer limits 3.
Taxi 3.
Agree with Genie's got only 3.
And from there on, it's all lost in spaces only got 3.
That's yours.
That's when you like it.
But that's okay.
I voted for Hawaii 5.
Hawaii 5.
That's a good thing because they need that vote.
Because they're right up and out.
Where's the good one?
Yeah, let's play that.
Remember I played that earlier?
Right, it's Rousey.
The one doesn't sound like him.
Here we go.
Yeah.
I put it over the top.
This is the ass-kickin' one.
Oh!
Rock solid!
Soon, before Jeff Bush took off as your fat ass governor, Jeff Bush.
Charles and Everquad has never run for political office.
He realizes though his name will be an asset as he tries to build support for his candidacy.
And of course one thing you know in Florida?
Yeah, oh no.
Oh.
What is it under?
Is it under Lawton?
What is that under?
Charles is it?
Huh?
Oh, see.
You put stuff in here.
It's like a game cart was labeled.
The, uh, the trial's name is Big and Florida.
It is so cute.
Yeah.
That was the old he cool right there.
Let's hear it for Lawton's trials.
That was a real guy, man.
An old pumpkin but a good guy.
As opposed to that fat ass born again,
Bob will thump in Fulny Beloney with his, uh,
Tite Terry's Law and with his daughter.
Maybe Tim, maybe his, uh, his daughter can get into rehab with Terry.
Huh?
Maybe it's just like the two above her nose.
Oh, she can.
The first thing she's had out there, the primary reason I'm writing this campaign,
said the he-cune junior, is because I feel like people's access to government is limited by money,
power and politics, said Charles, the average Joe citizen, is pretty much just in franchise from the system.
Charles 51 lives in Orlando, runs a coastal development company.
He returned to Florida almost two years ago after working as a vice president for hope worldwide,
a charity that provides education and medical services for poor families on six continents,
before that he owned a telehensi public relations company and a partridge in a pair of three.
His mother, Rhea Charles, will service campaign treasurer.
She has an amazing political gut, Charles said.
Wow.
I wonder she knows fat boy.
So there you go.
Lawton Charles, uh, junior, junior, the third.
You're gonna be running.
And of course this one can't run again anyway, so bye-bye, Jeff.
Actually, that dog in pony show, we put on over there in Indonesia with the colon pal.
Who are they kidding?
Were they fooling anybody with that crap?
Trying to hear-oh, here's the next boy's president, man.
Let's show him off there. He's doing wonderful things all around the world.
Right.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, can you, I got two suggestions for the poll.
Yes, sir.
The West Wing and Quantum Leap.
Okay, you got it.
Thanks, miss.
See ya. West Wing and Quantum Leap.
Okay.
I saw Quantum Leap, did you?
Many of the listeners had told me to take one, but I never saw it.
I tried to watch one in that episode.
It's a horrible, horrible show with a horrible, horrible theme.
But, uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
The West Wing and Quantum Leap.
Just watching.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, hi.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, could I, um, X-files?
Could you, X-files?
No, X-files.
Okay, you got it.
He wanted to know, could he, X-files?
Yeah, he can go ahead and go ahead and X-files.
I guess, five of your nails.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
I got a couple of other ones, but I got one, X-files.
X-files.
Okay.
Uh, fantasy island.
Yeah.
And the Mickey Mouse Club.
Oh, yeah.
Mickey Mouse Club, man.
That's, uh, for us.
Okay, thanks.
I don't think I have that.
Oh, yeah, you do.
I got it.
Good.
And my C-K-E-W-S-Got to be on here.
Doesn't it?
The Mickey Mouse Club?
Come on.
No, I don't think I got it.
Fucking you didn't know.
That would be bad.
Even on this old 20-digit version of this.
One of those old versions of it.
Huh?
This has got your hit parade.
It's got the Danny Thomas Show.
It's got all that good old.
It's got a Howdy-Duty time.
Huh?
See, probably today's kids couldn't believe there was a,
there was a show I'm called Howdy-Duty.
I mean, that is so outrageous when you stop and think about it.
Then I got one disc here.
Oh, look at this.
Oh, geez.
Now I'm finding this.
I got one for sure.
It's got to be on there.
Which I'll play after the break.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank God.
Oh, God.
And I'm inspired by the last caller because I wouldn't have looked for this other disc.
I didn't realize that I even had this.
I think focus in me.
This one.
You know, it's one of these phony labels that he makes up.
Right.
Which I almost bought this year.
And then I realized I already got it from Bocher-Brown.
Oh, it's got all, in fact, it wouldn't surprise me if it's got, uh, look at this.
Holy moly.
Yeah.
I mean, like a little sample, okay?
If I can read this, it's not the best.
There's King Leonardo in his short subject.
So I went with this Leonardo da Vinci or the Odecaprio.
Let me give you one little hint, okay?
All right.
The kind of stuff it's on here.
It doesn't want to queue up on it.
Two-for-fraining on it.
All right.
Never saw it.
I think all those people were dead before I was born.
Here we are back with you again.
Yes, my God.
And yes, my darling.
Who put red?
A dear old Ollie.
Here we are again.
Here we are again.
It was a kid show.
It was great with puppets, you know, kind of like that movie you're touting.
Right?
Which is funny.
With the sock puppets.
Well, there's hot little puppets.
113 at 560 WQM.
Did you earn less than 50 grand last year?
Well, forget about that.
If you answered that question, yes.
Then it definitely positively is down for a career change.
So pick up that phone right now and call our friends at Fast Train Tool 3 at 1-866.
Fast Train.
Because Fast Train can have a train already for that new high-paying career.
And his little time is four short months.
Kind of on your fingers if you can.
Fast Train offers high-demand high-pay career training.
If you like computers, ever thought of becoming a computer-never professional, call Fast Train
today 1-866 Fast Train.
The demand for computer professionals right now is at all time high.
And Fast Train can have your train ready for that new career.
Let me say it again in just four Uno Dose Trace Quackero for sure at months.
Fast Train's got locations in Kindle, Miami, Pember Pines and Fort Lauderdale, and they offer
a job placement even financially for people who qualify.
They evening and weekend classes are forming right now at Fast Train.
So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts like an elephant, if you want to have some real cash in your pocket,
have a real job, here's the way to do it.
Make that one easy call they could change your life.
Fast Train, call them Tool 3 at 1-866 Fast Train.
Fast Train.
Fast Train.
Fast Train.
First of all, the judge has felt better.
I have an eighteen-year-old bride who is pregnant with my child.
What do you think about that?
The doctor considered his question for a moment and then replied,
I, I have an elderly friend who was a hunter and never misses a season.
One day he was going out in a bit of a hurry and accidentally picked up his umbrella instead of his gun.
When he got to the creek, he saw a rabbit sitting beside the stream.
He raised his umbrella and went bang bang and the rabbit fell dead. What do you think of that?
Well the 90-year-old man said I would say someone else killed the rabbit and the doctor said my point exactly Paul Harvey
Good day. Well 17 at 5.6. He doesn't get pretty good, you know what? Right. I mean not great, but they're very
Atticuit and adequate is the word witness CIA and seals being prisoners during interrogation in Iraq. How do you like that? Oh my god
A former Navy seal says he saw fellow seals and CIA officials kickchoke an eye gouge
Detainees and the US military base in Iraq the former seal testified at a military hearing Monday that he saw interrogation by means of abuse take place and
Can't camp Jenny Posey the seal base had bagged at an international airport. Remember Jenny Posey? No, I don't either
He said a prisoner under interrogation by the CIA was abused in October 2003 by two or three seals
I'm not a case a month later witness that he walks the seals punched choke and poke their fingers in the eye of Iraqi
Manadel Al-Jamadi who also was punched by CIA official when didn't answer questions
Al-Jamadi a suspect in the bombing of a Red Cross facility in Iraq died a few hours after he was captured during a joint CIA
Special of operations mission in November 2003. He died loving interrogated by CIA personnel in the shower room of the
Prison. Well, a lot of guys die when they're taking the shower right? Yeah over there
Sure the war seal was not identified was the government's main witness in Monday's article 32 here a lot of crap going on
How do you like that your girlfriend Lindy England's boyfriend there the ones on trial right now her baby daddy?
What a smart ass piece of crap he is meant to
They fly his fan-ass yeah, yeah
Whisper all these cutes these to look like it's all a big joke
Yeah, exactly and then his lawyers even worse than he is that crap a lot that cheerleaders
You want a pyramid? Yeah, like stark naked right? I guarantee you get a big turn out to see that
Yeah, reminds me of Debbie does Dallas who's got the pom-poms man Richard says
Just started listening I'm not sure if you're loving cartoon theme song sure we are it says we're gonna stay right on there any
A kind of show the theme from mighty mouse if not I say three students thing we put them both on there the three
Students for our friend no man and just you know that George rule says Richard. They're one of your people
Thank you Adam popped his head in the door and requested Johnny quests so we put on it or Johnny quick
You know something Adam must be sucking because I I don't want to do this
That means you can cue up mighty
Like I got mighty mouse got everything else. I want to get my favorite part
I need it here it is
All right and can't know mighty moss unless it's on this one my mom will please let me see if I can find mighty mark. I love mighty mouse
I
Don't be doing that easy you should do the lights flickered here while back. Okay
I'm just gonna do my son of routine if you start that
Ray and Miami says my favorite team is speed racer played during your dead air time
Could you please play it again, please you got it?
Actually, I don't think I have the actual theme. I have a parody of it. So what's wrong with that?
I don't have no speed racer. I didn't know no godfather
Well, I think also during a break I played a little baby crocodile in the middle of you play a baby crocodile near
That's an it's a remix that's a lot of one forever
Oh
Don't be jealous. No, close
I see in here. Okay. I hear you. I see in here
There's so many good ones on here. These are real old easy
These are for like old farts like me and Bokobryon and Hank and Moan all old old old
Farts, let's see. We did cook the fran. No, what about?
The soupy sales show
What about Captain midnight
And what about the gummies show oh, oh, I remember that
By the way, some of the people I'm throwing your facts is way because they're saying things that are
We already have a list with all the respect. Yeah, I don't want to watch the paper. Okay, uh the beast the the beanie and seasonal show the beast and seasonal show
What about quick drama?
And walley walley gator
I
Do Captain midnight yard did what about Danny Thomas make room for daddy
And what about Robert young and father knows bad father knows your rest
And my little margie
And Hazel
Remember Hazel I do actually some resistor which
Which Hazel you talking about that would know over there. You know what about armist Brooks with Eve Harden
Karen I'm no Karen the real McCoy
Darring waterbrennan and Dick Krenner created by Irving fingers
And of course a real tear jerker for you for all the dog lovers lassie
Watch out for the truck now and you cross that road lassie
And what about Walt busy's beautiful world of the color
The world is a camera salad color
Oh wonderful wonderful color
And the life or legend of wider
I love you pressing on orbit
Why
God's phone
We're gonna get all these in here by two I might have to do this again for a couple of weeks the law man
You know that
26 man that's the answer to the question was better than 25 men
Good code 45 oh yeah
I'm on the
There you go let's see Ray Rogers and the long go show that had two secret agents was Ian something he was a British and blonde you're talking about
With what's his name David McCallum?
What's that show what is more about a memory day? No, you know the show I'm talking about with Robert Vaughan and David McCallum come on
Oh
No, come on man from local man from uncle. I got it. I got it here. I'll play a minute get that on there all right
Let's see here's a theme you'll ever find science fiction theater. It says if you do fight it. I'll eat my facts
No, but I remember that show is a good show 77 since I forgot that Eric also fireball XL five. What's that?
I think it was a puppet show oh a puppet show a lot of those puppeteers going on remember sock puppets
Let's see did we do she we did shy in right? What about the Bronco? I don't know from
Now we didn't we didn't do shy
Or that shai-jan. Oh, I'm sorry. It's a different grass a fan
And the legend Jesse James
You're one of my very favorite with Gabby. He's a William Boy
Happy
Oh
Isn't that kind of a fey name for a cowboy hop along Cassidy and a
Kindness of an image you know like yeah
William boy he was there were two William boys, you know by the way two little boys in Hollywood
I didn't know that till now see we're learning so much with this
I think we had a continuous for like a whole rest of the year. What do you say? I didn't know there were one there was what?
I didn't know there was one you never heard a half a long Cassidy heard a half a long Cassidy you're at a gene
What's his name? Yeah, and the Roy what's his name where Rogers and Gene what was his name Gene?
Right, right?
California angels by the way Josh do you remember him? Oh, yeah, no you don't don't remember Gene. Oh, I do
Fight about it. 171 and 560 WQM
We're trying desperately to stay on the air. We don't know what's going on
If we always have like a little brain fart out there by the station
They have their front and all over the place Joyce may be reporting FPNL for excessive farting
Yeah, right, okay, what's this happening?
Okay, let's leave a little bit of that area in the scene to be part of the format today. Let's just there you go
There it is 133
2702 and 560 we got the man dog come up and four preceded by
How are David and 2 to 4?
So we're gonna play like speaking of which he he requested we added the innocent Andy to the oh, you know something
I got that well there you go
Let's see Evan Cushill and he said that dynasty theme that you were playing yeah
Must have been from that other areas out to this because that was not the dynasty thing
As he said that mom knows it right. He says he loved that show never missed it
I had a miss an Andy. Oh, there it is. There you go. I got it cut 58 and it's really great one moment please
Here you go just for my buddy mo
I'm gonna start to talk about lesbian set
Let's be in session. Nice name no one's either
What is the beef farm?
This is it
Oh, well, what you expected in BC an old black magic for fun? Oh
Yeah
something
So
So they're shooting the instruments. Oh, I wanted to play the untouchables that belongs on there get that on there
right
One of the greatest
Yep, a lot of folks it's giving everybody else a head start
Chili
I
What a does he loop production the untouchables was yes, I'll be then now. Let's see what about highway patrol and
Emma squad not to be confused with mod squad. It was Emma squad. Hey, you're Neil. Yeah me mo. No. What's up?
Mo. What do you know mo? Oh?
Apology
Well, it's not the first time. No, I'm but I owe you your apology on tape in here. No, I owe you an apology a new one
Yeah, yeah, cuz I incorrectly said that you made a mistake yesterday. Yeah, you did not apparently was tweeter
Dumb and tweeter these are management tandem they gave you
Right, oh who cares? You know when you have a technical fun. We're having a once every so that's the fake when you come right down to it
So I just look I give I give blame with blame belongs where it really belongs with those two guys ball work
Heart now did you hear the image anything? I just put it was very nice. Thank you. Okay, and then I was
That dynasty thing was wrong
That was not that was not that's wrong
No, the dynasty theme you played was not really the guy because that was a big fan of it
In other words, it wasn't the real theme no, I always had this fixation about Linda Evans and right
I was a little bit of a matter of fact
I mean if you want to really put me on a spot
I'll find a real dynasty thing because I bet you anything times today
I'll bet your Aperi's life on it and I'll throw in this for ran to even as he's gone
I bet you I got it here somewhere probably do so during the next break all these damn short breaks
What's going on with these breaks George? I don't know this is the first time in my life. I've ever peed in installments
I don't believe that that is the truth a few drops here
And the shortest the shortest breaks today since one o'clock I've hit a P like a racehorse and every time I go on
They're like, oh, this is a thing is any guy like you know, but then it's so good on time you yeah
God, what am I looking for dynasty right the real?
Dynasty yet throw that other CD out the window now there look that's the one that's got good times on you
I don't understand where you're coming from I'll find it. This is the last thing I do I'll find if I can't find it
We'll do it tomorrow's that all right
I'm dynasty here's that I'll look for naked pictures here's my way to heaven. Here's another all in the family
How many how many of those are we got? Wow and they're all different too. That's the best part dark shadows start trek
Reinhardt ice spy gets smart
Peter gun most of these we've done already right?
Right. Yeah, there's now wait a minute. I got another English lady. I don't have time to do it
Oh, there's another one and probably not the same thing
Don't be gillish. Oh the Adams family the monsters, but I don't have to whether or dynasty
It's the only one I got so we'll have to we'll have to make do well
I'll tell you what I go out and look unless it's on this other disc here not any on there
This is the greatest American hero again, so that's the best we can do for you
What the hell is this?
I don't know
Probably soldiers
It's called he kelly's blues. I have no idea what that is. What about naked city? Can we see that anymore? Hey Joyce
Can we talk about the naked city?
Well, I got a good one here remember let me give you a clue Alan fun. He's still dead
You're the star today
When the hock is
And even Georgia members grow chill. Oh, yeah, that was funny
You bet your life and the answer on it's your was is most still there no no
He's in the other studio they could probably pot him on the answer on a show you bet your life with grouches was
He's doing sports stuff George Feneman. Okay, let's see Abbott and Castell
Lauren Hardy show
And what about this one was really wonderful this one right here
And the lemon sister
They
They showed us another great
If you're under the age of 200 you're not allowed to listen to the theme for more as well show what about Ted Max original amateur
I
Miss American page
Would work hard
Could he sing could he belt it out?
And he looked right there in Hollywood
Remember that he got all bent out of shape and I think he died of broken heart when they took him off a singing a missimer
Here she come. Let's see that again
Bert barks. That is so bad
I feel good
Great beer
Bert
I'm sorry
Miss America
Oh, yeah
You're
Usually got blind judges picking them to usually a bunch of scanks when I think through the best looking ones
They must not be putting out for the joke
Red skeleton show, baby
Padle
And the last one on this dish
Even you know this one
Bob Hope
Yep, there you go even Georgia that leave that bitch in Josh knows that one now another we said it
Yep, Bob Hope
Good work
Okay, 19
19
I think we just played 45,000 themes there in last half hour we actually stayed on the air so better talk fast
The main man Anthony Kelly into it except in Scafford Morgan says it's time for a New Year's resolutions like most Americans paying off your credit cards
Lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash and investing in real estate are at the top of your list
St. Ford is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US so why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates
The main man's New Year's resolution is to give back to the community so this year they've partnered with kids in distress
With the track record at 25 years of helping over 5,000 abuse and neglected children each year
Acceptance capital is donating a portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause
With six kids of his own the main man knows how important being a paradise
So forget about calling anybody else call the main man Anthony Kelly into toll free at 1.88483 loan
That's 1.88483 loan or check them online at the main man.com and you can tell out your application right online
Here's that toll free number again 1.88483 L.O.A.N
1.88483 L.O.A.N
2.88483 L.O.A.N
1.88483 L.O.A.N
1.88483 L.O.A.N
He's on the other room but who knows if anybody's in the control room?
I see.
Well I don't want him to miss this so I mean I worked feversely during the break do you believe me?
I didn't really but I found it. Here it is.
That's a real one.
Is this the right one or not?
That's it.
Or it could be felt in touch.
So that's time to say.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Actually I really like to show because the theme sucks.
What about app landing?
That would be good for him.
Come here, pardon?
It's the hardest thing.
Not landing like I said.
You're starring Pat Peterson.
Did we do L.A.L.R. not?
Or I just did it again.
We did it again.
We ran.
Wasn't Harry Halla that show?
Yes.
He was married.
He was married to Michael Eiffscher and Wright.
Yes.
I don't think she ever saw it.
Of course the logical response would be.
What's the scene, right?
And what about St. Elsewhere?
I mean you can put any of these out of the matters.
We only got 45,000.
Did we do three company?
Horrible show.
What's the weight of weight?
Oh, we're test.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
We're the weight of the show.
We're the weight of the show.
And what about speaking of bad sitcoms?
That's a life.
We do work.
You know these discs are really great.
These are, I don't have like a hundred of these.
Oh and here's the bad, this one it says right under this.
This is the best TV theme of all time.
Ducks are.
Ducks are.
One day at a time is horrible.
Look how it's body-price.
That's right.
Oh, that was it, no?
Oh, at the 10th of the Colour.
We say that is, give me a break.
It'd be a break if I used to see it.
Did we ever do something inside?
I know it's got a lot of votes.
Huh?
We did it.
Remember it was in the US.
Probably still was.
Oh, that's how you played it.
And what about, I speak at a robber young.
What about old Marcus Welby, MD?
Come on, you can do a Marcus.
Oh, I speak at a John Boy.
The wall close.
There you go.
Great idea, never mind.
That's a memorable theme.
Awful show, but it's a memorable theme.
Therefore, I'll go with gay.
No, a full year.
A little year, yes, a little year with gay.
Wow.
Little house on the prairie rhymes with Mary.
I think we did a hard time, didn't we?
How do we call it?
Oh, this is going to get a lot of votes.
How could we forget it?
The Virgin Mary's upset about it.
Oh, yeah.
Right?
You know it.
I think both the rhymes were even better.
Yeah, and how the Dick Clark had that second stroke.
Oh.
A blue little girl being awake.
Like going to drop it down.
Remember how Michael Lorket used that balloon for Columbine
to show that the wall in Detroit.
And then when Dick Clark was out there in the van hiding,
he posed it off, and he said,
I don't know if that's a foul.
God punish you, Dick Clark, okay?
And what about the...
Solid goal?
Not to be confused with entertainment tonight.
Everything is on it.
I bet you probably think there aren't any crime shows we left out,
but we didn't leave out.
Street to San Francisco.
Do you play that, didn't you?
No, you're not.
Not some other things like four hours ago.
No change.
And as long as we're doing,
why not play the one I like?
It didn't play it all the time.
Here we go. This is the winner.
My mind is stuck in our corner.
This is definitely...
Our world aren't here.
Awful show.
Any show that's got a character named Jebadiah,
how this can be, right?
We better finish her with buddy Epson,
how this can be.
I better show the world this way.
Oh, see most of the things they don't go anywhere.
That has the gigantic climactic ending there.
Right? Yes, it did.
It's rousing.
Well, let's see. Rako says,
do you have any of these?
Team from this week in baseball?
Nope.
No.
All right.
I do have a theme from Quincy.
I don't have it here.
I don't have it here.
Can you please play Dance People with a gorgeous Denny Terry?
And it's Sign Love Hank.
Oh, and I'm sure it's on the Hank Wino.
Oh, I'm excited.
We're ripping.
Notting wood at stuff.
That was yesterday's fun.
How about Starspee and Highlight?
Yeah.
Can you please to know, by the way,
I finished peering during last break.
Thank you for that three minute break.
Wow.
The rookie.
That was like an on-peer.
What the hell?
Who was that?
Somebody should clean this guitar back.
Where he was yet.
Here's one of Georgia's favorites.
Not comes into capture.
Georgia's Kozak Shucks.
Mollipop.
Yeah.
And somebody voted for the 18,
myzwa plan.
In 1972, a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court.
The crime they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles Underground.
Today, still wanted by the government, they survived as soldiers of fortune.
No one else can help.
And if you can find them.
May be 18.
Oh, is that Mr. T. or Brian Conn?
I'm the winner.
Let's go, Joe.
And didn't somebody just say Quincy only moments ago?
I don't know.
It's the air seconds.
I wasn't that with Jack Klubbini.
It was.
Yeah.
And somebody always said, sound and sound, and I never can find it.
There it is.
That was an awful show.
You have to watch it.
And how could we forget?
Bye for New York.
It's Saturday night.
Okay, just in case he missed it again,
because after going through like tremendous amount of agony and effort, there it is.
One more time for the moment.
There's the other real ones.
We decide this is the real one.
That's the real one.
Okay, there it is.
It's a bit of a good thing.
Woo!
Man, this has been a way.
It's almost too much like work today.
This means a little bit too much for me.
Because I'm old, I'm tired.
Can't get a fortune anymore in different Jersey landings.
Hey, Josie, could be in so nosy.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
You are the best.
We are on 5.6.6.
QAM.
And now, the show that's the antidote to those liberal media distortions of our government.
It's the West Texas Wing.
Congratulations, Henry Election, Mr. President.
Yes, sir. Congratulations on your reelection.
Well, thank you, Dick, and thank you, Condi.
I feel good about the next four years.
Since a change in the air, good times are ahead for everybody.
And it starts with one question.
What's that, Mr. President?
Dick, do I finally get to run the country?
No, I was serious.
Come back next, sir.
For a fair and balanced, the cash is a conservative view of our government and action.
Only on the West Texas Wing.
You see, some of those are rejoins there where they throw in illegal ID.
You don't know. Is it going to be there? Is it not going to be there?
Is it going to chop off? It's kind of like a guessing game.
We yelled at Josh all the way through it there.
Keeps us on our toes anyway. Who cares? Who we yelled at Josh?
Oh, me.
George, let me have it.
Really? Well, we'll talk about that tomorrow.
Not for free.
What's the effect this is? How about the theme for Machiavatt and Canada?
What the f**k is this?
Something like that.
Marvel, it's Moves and Hockey-Night in Canada on CBC.
Brought to you by Moves and Explore.
Next, set it all.
The life board of Canada.
Where quality is job one.
It's working.
By Imperial Oil and Ethyl Associates.
Proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Utah Key in Canada.
And by Pepsi.
Gotta have it.
Oh, we're back!
