Okay, that's raps it from New York. Now we go north to the border. So I just found out we had a near disaster yesterday at the same time.
What happened?
Your little waddling pudgy partner in crime there tells me that they potted us up and we didn't know we were on the area today.
I'm sitting here going, so you know, like I do that a lot these days.
Yeah, and he's talking to me and our guys hadn't potted him up so we took it.
Exactly. So he just bailed out and we thought he bailed out two minutes early.
Kind of fine. I thought I was ignoring him, which I would have if I hadn't been talking to me.
But luckily nothing bad got on the air because I could have been sitting here doing much worse than toy do do do do do do it like that.
I do that all day. Do you do do do do do you?
Yeah, I'm up here in New York because I'm about to be a grandfather.
Yeah, well, I hear you're doing a brisk business.
I want something for you. You know what?
I'm going to save this until the first Saturday and May from mutual friend of ours.
I'm going to play this don't let don't tip him off on it. I'm going to surprise him with this.
Up on my helmet.
Deploring solid.
Keep those hands up.
Maybe to the surface.
How do you like that?
Wow, how are doing boxing?
He was great on boxing.
Yeah, in fact, a lot of people say he made Muhammad Ali what he was.
And a lot of people say the other way around is that Mohammed made him into I think it was mutual.
Yeah, no, they were on ABC.
Yeah.
It was your buddy Larry King that was on mutual.
Uh-huh.
That's quite a story about Ed Little and Larry King.
With the albums?
No, no, not about the fact that Ed Little was obsessed with Larry King and he's the one that got him on mutual.
Oh, yeah. He was a president of mutual.
The only reason that he made it to mutual and then his overnight show failed so badly they tried putting him on the daytime because it could make any money on the overnight show.
Yeah, and they put him on the daytime and most of the affiliates wouldn't carry it because they had a local programming.
And then of course he wound up somehow getting a gig on CNN.
And here we are all these years later and he's like look where he is and look where we are.
You know, after we're doing bad, but Jesus, he's in the stratosphere.
He is in the strat, that's exactly correct man.
He's got more money than God.
Not that he's paying back all those old debts because most of those people died that he owed the money to.
You know, when you say Ed Little and Larry King, I keep thinking about, you know, that story.
I think we've talked about this when they were missing a bunch of albums and the days when you used to play albums.
Right.
And Little went to Larry's house at seven o'clock in the morning and banged on the door and stormed in and went to the closet and found all the albums that were missing.
But he was just borrowing him. He wanted to listen to him in home. He was a big music lover.
That must have been it.
Yeah.
Next time to go to Gulfstream, ask for a look in that drawer where they have all of his bad checks.
The Larry King drawer.
Except more than one person told me about that.
I thought that was at high alia.
All right.
It could have been.
But probably I'll vanish along with those palm trees from my Andrew.
Remember that?
Yes.
Pulled all those big real palms right out of that green area.
Now you look, well, at the end there you looked over the wall in the back there and you saw the railroad tracks and downtown alia.
Yeah.
The palm tree used to shield you from all of that.
That's why nobody was going there. That's one of the reasons nobody was going anymore and that's why it's not often not been this.
Yeah.
Well, that place became such a toilet.
Wow.
Oh, it's terrible the way they let that place go.
Yeah. And then you go to get a hot dog and they had those mysterious green green weenies and I'm not talking about the ones that Bob Prince was talking in Pittsburgh.
It was just a grotesque filthy nasty.
So next time you see John Bernetti, Tom, thanks a lot.
Okay.
Thanks again.
I'm also asking about Gary Cohn.
Okay. I will do that.
Oh, you know, you need to talk to a Phil Saltsman about that next time you see Phil.
Yeah. See Phil that much anymore.
He's not the answer anymore.
Caller.
He's playing poker all the time.
He plays poker?
That's what he's doing.
What is that?
Well, I just heard your spot for poker.
And this gambling stuff has got to stop, man.
All this gambling.
We're like a bunch of degenerative.
You guys are out of control.
I am a champion of gambling.
I guess we're out of the day tomorrow morning, really early in the morning.
That's the slots.
Yeah.
That would bind.
Yes.
I will be a palmont for the next two days.
Well, there you go.
Let's see if you can lose more.
Yeah.
I'm not going to eat.
I don't like to do a lot of betting when I'm doing a telecast.
Yeah.
Because it does distract you, isn't it?
Yeah.
Well, you know what that, that's like race callers, you know.
How would you like to be a race announcer being the kind of gambler that you are anyway?
And that's Phil.
Right.
Yeah.
But like Dave Johnson, for example, Dave is, you know, our friend and he's a great race
caller.
And I don't think Dave gambled when he was doing those races up for television.
Yeah.
But Dave is a great guy.
Well, you say for television, but what about he's still those races?
He's the third race of the middlelands.
Yeah, but I don't know if he bets or not.
Get out of here.
Come on.
But Dave has got a very good handicap.
Is he?
Yeah.
You never know why our Derby picks up.
Well, people have a tough time picking the Derby.
But they can still be good handicapers and he's very good.
In fact, we went to, I was an Ascot with him three or four years ago and he was very good over there.
You know the Jackie Lee story from Freehold, don't you?
Or was it from Roosevelt?
I don't remember whether it was Freehold or Roosevelt.
You know that story?
No.
He's called him the race and Irvey Filion, one of the all-time great and went to jail drivers
in the harness racing business.
Oh, it was good buddies with Jackie Lee and he gave him a tip on a race and after the race he blew the race to make a long story short.
And Jack evidently made a big bet on a race and after the race is over as they crossed the line,
Jack thought he had turned his mic off.
And I don't recall exactly what he said.
He said, Irvey, you effin' some of my back and all that.
And the whole crowd there heard it.
You know, and that was the end of his race calling career.
Well, I remember when Jimmy the Greek was on CBS doing horse racing and they were doing a race.
For the Haskels.
And Jimmy's mic was left open during the race.
Not a good race.
And as they turned for home, you could hear Jimmy underneath the race call going, come on, one time for the Greek.
Oh boy.
So while we had a near experience like that yesterday, thanks to your Wadler, thanks to all of our people but nevertheless we survived.
All I got here was, like that.
Like that.
See we got to make up for the fact they won't hear that today because we got Geldion especially with the panther season starting in a few days on Wednesday.
Geldion could be hockey intensive.
I'll tell you what's, I'm in New York as you know and all they're talking about here is the Yankee Red Sox series this weekend.
Yeah.
And it's been, it was very predictable that it would come down to the last weekend of the season between those two teams.
It's going to be fun to watch.
Well, they can send some, in fact the Red Sox had a comeback yesterday.
I told Josh Cortes a couple weeks ago, I said, well, the way the schedule is, the Blue Jays could be the spoilers at the end of the season.
He said, oh, what are you talking about there?
Yeah.
And come to find out they had a lot to do with it.
Yeah, they and John Henry have something in common.
And what's that?
They both own the Red Sox.
Oh, good, good line.
I'll tell you, I'll tell you we're going to say the sign you sure of the gambling industry.
No, that's what actually, I would be replying to somebody who told me that that's what Wayne and the Jets had in common.
They both own the dolphins.
I see.
Well, anyway, on that note, yes.
Say, give a big hello to Vinny Testy Birdie for us.
I will do that.
And I wish him a happy 75th birthday for us.
Have a great weekend.
Now, I get to see Monday, you're in Charlotte.
You think Vinny's old enough to work at our station?
No, not yet.
And he's not Jewish.
Monday, you're in Charlotte.
Yes.
And then Tuesday, you'll be back.
Tuesday.
That's right.
Tuesday's Russia Shona.
Yeah.
So I see Joseph Gacky's on Tuesday.
Yeah, he's not Jewish.
Well, what's that all about?
I'm working Tuesday and Moe is a pencil in here for Tuesday.
What's that all about?
I'm traveling.
And it happens working Tuesday because that's after Sunday.
I have to come back from Charlotte.
Yeah, I'll be traveling.
Well, they're okay.
I've got a big day off too.
I've got a few.
No problem.
No problem.
And that's what it's all about.
See you Wednesday.
Okay.
You have to read the mirror again.
You too.
It's Friday, you first.
I'm dying over here.
Goodbye, Maxwell Smart.
When you believe that,
Don Adams is still alive.
And loving it.
And thanks for having two bottles of his favorite candy.
No Max.
When you believe he's in robust health,
Do you think you're gonna see a,
How about Inspector Badgers' feeling to well?
I think I've got a 99.
It's the old, good comic who had a hit series
with a bad airpins and a basket trick.
Hello, I'm Ferdy Zopel.
And I hope you're sleeping well
with my bottle of swordies.
Stuck out of hopes of me.
And this is G.S.P. Don't come here.
Hold it right there, Zick Green.
You're an evil plan for chaos to take over the White House.
No, never work too late, Schmod.
We already have pushing them.
Besides, your day.
Oh, sorry about that.
Speaking of a compulsive gambler,
you see this bill benefits Pius,
a former education right wing,
a far-bison secretary.
You know, a boarding every back,
black baby would certainly reduce the crime rate.
Even though that would re-reprehensible and morally wrong.
And of course, he's a, the raptor has asked now.
This is the same Jack asked.
They wrote the book of virtues.
And then we found out he's a compulsive gambler
and punched in his guts out in Vegas.
Bill Bennett, another, let me just tell you right now.
Right wing equals hypocrite, all of them.
Every, each and every one.
Go for it, evil.
Well, that goes with the territory.
Okay, we're already getting a fax.
See, we don't have a lot on the pool yet.
And I didn't put it on there too early
because it's a building pool today.
Use your own imagination.
Yeah, I agree with that with Michael Douglas.
Although he thinks he's a real sex pot.
That's the thing that really I found amazing.
Just astonishing to me.
And the fact that a few other people, about six or seven,
bought in there.
Don't you find it ridiculous?
Yeah, no comment.
I mean, the idea of Michael Douglas being a sex pot.
He's about as sexy as a toad.
He's a boofo toad.
Okay, the pool yesterday we had a lot of,
19 ever and six votes.
If somebody told me 20 years ago that,
fill in the blank, I never would have believed it.
That the government would be stolen by neo-nazis, 439.
The gas would be three bucks a gallon plus 188.
The George W. Bush would be president for two terms, 164.
That water would be signed for like a bucket bottle,
little bottle, too, with 136.
The terminated would be governor, California, 100.
That radio music would suck this bad, 92.
That freedom of speech would be dead.
And it is, 76.
That I'd be stuck in South Florida, 76.
That was George's vote.
He can't believe it.
He looks around and says, I'm still here.
Dang it.
We don't have cell phones, 73.
We'd have the internet, 66.
That neo-riders would still be on the radio, that old cout, 52.
That the president would get impeached for getting a Hummer, 46.
I didn't know he owned one.
The Soviet Union would crumble, 45.
The property value in South Florida would be so high, 40.
That Fidel would still be in power, 39.
Although, his good friend, Alianito, says he's good blood.
60 minutes this weekend will really,
a frost all you a old green tutuio,
some probably younger ones too.
The Marlins would have two world series as a championship, 38.
The Rick Sanchez would still be on TV, 37.
That OJ would be a double murderer, 35.
That there'd be 700 TV channels, 28.
That I'd still be alive, 23.
They hit him with five shots, and he's still alive.
I just love the way he said that, don't you?
Yep.
He was good, yes he was.
That was his name?
I don't know, I don't know, I want me to look it up.
No, I don't mean the actor, I'm talking about Salato.
Right.
The media would, oh, guess what was on Spike last night?
Godfather too again.
They're just over and over and over with that.
I mean, I didn't watch it.
Actually, they ran the marathon.
Was that what it is?
That's all of them.
Wow.
I think that's the first time.
I finally, I guess, saturated.
The first time I saw any of the Godfather stuff on TV,
and I just moved on.
I was hoping for a rerun of flowers in the attic.
The media would cave in, 22, and make sure it had,
that his Spanish would outnumber blacks 20.
Well, if Bill Bennett has his way, if we abort all the black babies,
and Bill Bennett could make sure that happens, what a jackass.
Well, that would be morally reprehensible,
and it would be a career, but Tee-hee-hee.
They had a lynch his ass, his big pudgy ass.
Florida would have a hockey team 18, 2-0 less, 1-0, 1-1, 1-1.
Well, if that's going to be good this year, you mark my words,
mark it down.
That the dolphins would suck so bad, 12, that poker would be so popular, 11.
People would be in fetched with reality TV 7, that the Berlin Wall would come down 6,
that Florida would get slot machines 5, don't jump, don't count your slots before they hatch.
That most talk rate would be right wing 5, that people would still be glorifying ill of this 5,
and there would be movies on DVDs, too.
Yeah, that was a good pull yesterday.
Thanks, Grover Santana, and I see Sean is back to sending his polls.
And a few other people.
Thanks, then we don't have to go back and resurrect those old ones again.
Although they've, they've been okay, too.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Well, that we need the poll material, now we need all the polls we can get.
You've always said.
We don't have 84 votes on this one, because we don't have enough parings on there yet,
but we will, once we get started here, there's no stopping it.
10-13 at 5-60 WQM, we got some bad news for today, no mode today to a clock.
He's up in New York for the baby's bris.
I mean, this guy is just, wow, he's up for the bris.
And then we got Geldion and stay up and play some more, which, like I said,
it's fun.
We got hockey season starting, that'll kill the audience.
Mad Dog had hooters to route 4-7, and Marlon's on deck at 7,
and then he had braves in him while as well.
8-K, 10-13 at night right after the ballgame.
Now I know why I said the attendance for that Marlon's 9-0 went over the braves was 57,000.
That was in Atlanta, right?
Wasn't that their biggest attendance?
It would have to be.
Yeah.
It sure as hell wasn't at the PP Park, I'll guarantee you that.
And the Marlon's didn't play last night.
So the Marlon's did not lose last night.
That's herically.
I'll tell you what you're looking up.
What?
10-14 at 5-60 WQM.
No.
What's up?
I'm out of base line.
It is a baby boy from top star, Brittany Spears.
She delivered a bouncing baby boy by C-section with better line by her side.
Brittany, it's pretty tough to even burst, huh?
It's pretty rough.
You know, the following footage of the berth is kind of graphic.
A lot of your fans are kind of young and...
No, I can't.
I've got it in the pants, so I'm not going to see that.
I'm going to change the channel.
Okay, you've been warned.
Here's the footage.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh no!
What are they doing?
We're doing a C-section.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Let's hurry off here, sleep.
We're doing as fast as we can.
Okay.
Hey!
Oh boy.
Oh my God.
How are you?
Oh, it kind of looks like...
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Okay, I figured that here's our poll today.
Thanks for everything to send.
Who did send this to?
Somebody.
I don't know.
Some person.
Actually sent to the other one.
I don't know if we're going to do the scariest celebrity love child.
The one we're doing today is celebrity love child you'd most like to see.
Not celebrity love child you'd most like to see being made.
See, that's a different story.
It is?
Oh, you're actually talking about like...
Yeah.
The child.
The G-Mate.
Right.
That's a difference.
That takes it to a different level.
And of course, much more desirable, but nevertheless, we don't want to get joist.
Anyway, who's celebrity love child would you most like to see?
That's the poll question.
We just got a few on there because we're waiting for you people.
For you, you use people.
We got 99 votes.
Scarlett Johansson and Tom Brady leading with 26.
Natalie, former and Johnny Depp right on their ass with 24.
Anna Cornelholy and Enrique Glaci is 20.
That's never going to happen.
Halle Berry and Shamar Moore.
That's Malcolm from Young in a Hornet is what he is 16.
And Brittany Spears and Brad Pitt 13.
That's what we got so far.
And also somebody faxed in Pierce Brosnan and Catherine Zeta Johans.
Okay.
And at the end of this fax, it says to Halle with Michael Douglas,
Mwah!
Is what it says.
Fah!
And I agree with that.
I mean, he's okay.
In some of these, he was okay.
And he's a never-she-nirty guy.
And he thinks of himself as a sex pot.
He plays really...
He's almost like Kevin...
What's his name?
What's his name?
Stacy?
No, not Kevin.
The real boring guy from...
Who?
Kevin Costner.
Kevin Costner, right.
Good.
But that's how boring he is.
Yeah.
That's why he was good in fatal attraction because he just was so...
Mealy Moth and weak and lame.
And...
You know what I'm saying?
He's got jowls.
He's got those old man jowls.
Not that.
Whatever he's got.
He's just like a weak sister.
You know, he's not a forceful guy.
He's weak.
And anyway, so we got 100 votes on that.
And that's so we got so far.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
I thought we'd add like a whole bunch of them here in the beginning of the show.
And then I can get out of my important stuff like the very Jackass column.
That's how he knew these stuff.
And by the way, I see that Joel Feinberg would do anything to herd us at WQAM,
including maybe even hiring Sid Rosenberg in the fan.
Go to that.
Please, please hire Sid.
The Sid the Kid.
Please.
The only vine wriggin' is Lion9.
QAM, hello.
I got one for the poll.
Yes, sir.
Benicio Del Polaro and Sandra Barnhart.
Yeah, you got one for the poll, all right.
Holy moly.
Get that man some help, okay?
I just about lost my bacon.
I just about puked it up.
Oh, that was good.
WQAM, that was a good match, though.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, it was going on, bro.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I just wanted to call on.
I only have anything to talk to you about.
Well, I'll join you as I love you.
How many QAM, hey?
I thought that she was going to be good poll today.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I wanted to bring your attention to programs on the air right now.
One of them, I'm sure George has seen Weed.
Yes.
What do you think?
It's Weed.
You think?
This is Weed's Weed.
I wish it was good.
I've been watching it hoping that it would be good.
Weed Weed.
There's nothing worse than Weed, man.
It's like there's stuff to like, but it's just, what's Weed?
It's thin.
And you guys have the same way you think of Tera Dice.
Tera, I mean, if somebody just shoot it.
Who?
Tera Reed.
She has a show.
Yeah, I haven't seen it yet.
I have no desire.
The call Georgia when he's on it, we can have.
I don't want that crap.
5.6705.60.
What do you mean?
These people got their own agenda today.
That's fine with me.
No problem.
What else is it?
Geldie Wormup show.
I not thought this would be a good poll, but they just say they don't get it.
I don't know.
Although I think that guy really had the best one there.
Benicio Del Toro.
Oh, yeah.
How?
WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
All right now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I noticed it goes back the last week, but I wanted to tell you that movie Garden State
and it fits sock.
Yeah.
I warned you.
Why are you wasting your time?
Why did you do that?
No, I didn't.
I've seen it before you talked about it.
Oh, boy.
And somebody showed it to me, man.
Oh, my God.
Four stars, the so-called critics gave that movie four stars.
I wouldn't give it a half a star.
Yeah, I totally agree with you.
And have a nice day, Neil.
And back to you.
And maybe somebody actually saw flowers in the attic who would like to give us a fourth-eyed
emotion.
Not that anybody would want you, but I'm just wondering if some of these movies come on
cable a lot.
And if you're bored of tears, which is awful, it's very easy to do.
Don't waste your time.
You'd be spending much more productive time just like doing a nasal octomy.
And we're in other words, picking your nose.
Staring at the wall.
Anything?
Anything?
WDQAM.
Hello.
Neil, I want for the fall.
Yes, sir.
Correct them.
Oh, at least he waited.
See, I thought there'd be like an immediate click.
It was waiting for us.
That's a lie.
I thought, no, no, that wasn't going to happen.
WDQAM.
Hello.
I don't have it.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
I don't have it.
It was good.
Okay, babe.
How you doing, man?
What do you got?
That's it.
Okay, nothing.
So, like I said, I'm just going to go to my pile here.
Because I thought we'd have like, you only wait and have a lot of votes on the pool.
There's going to be a whole bunch of choices up on air.
In fact, I might just get rid of the pool altogether.
I thought it was, didn't you think it was good?
I thought it was just fine.
A lot of combinations.
You could think people had any imagination out there, but they just have no imagination.
It's like, oh, gee, what are we supposed to answer to that?
I don't know.
I think part of the problem is it requires thinking of some hot chick and a good-looking guy.
Oh, we don't know a good-looking guy.
No, they can't handle that because it, you know, threatens their...
And I'm more or not with that.
I'm tired of it.
I'm really just sick and nausea.
I mean, at least Josh Cornus admits to Tom Brady's a hot guy.
Okay.
I respect that.
He was talking about it off the air just before it.
There you go.
I mean, what...
I mean, I don't understand an old fag like me, all of my life, all of my life, and they don't
come no fag year than me.
I see a hot-looking chick.
I know.
I can recognize one right away.
I say, man, look at that.
She's a knockout.
I see people like that all, especially here.
Beautiful, beautiful women.
Yeah, it's unbelievable looking, huh?
Take the picture, send it down.
No, I'm serious.
I've put it this before.
It's like if you put a nice juicy steak, a nice ribeye steak on a steak.
It's like a plate.
And it's sizzling like from Ruth Christmas.
You look at it and say, man, what a nice piece of meat.
You don't understand?
You see what this is going?
Or if you took a big one of those floating turds from the water in New Orleans there and put
it on a plate, you say, ah, you're going to be running.
You can see it.
It doesn't...
It's not rocket science.
But these guys are so...
Oh, gee, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know any good looking guys.
Bull crab.
Okay, I'm tired of that.
It's so sad.
All these American men who are so uptight about their own sexual proclivities, you know?
All these closet queens out there.
WQAM, hello?
QAM?
WQAM, hello?
Yeah, is it Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got one for you celebrity, you celebrity pole man.
Yes?
Yeah, Jim neighbors in Ronald Conston.
No, cute.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, what's the pole about?
It's about idiots who call and don't know what the hell a pole's about.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if anybody suggested this yet, but about further low childhood pole.
Yeah.
Years and most.
Yeah, my name was.
It was a beautiful child.
You don't go to the brisk.
WQAM, hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
George Bush and Condoleezza, right?
I love that.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello?
Neil, I got one for you.
How about Condoleez and the Bush Maistricht?
No, huh.
Sounds like we got an echo in here, doesn't it?
Wow.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, you, sir.
Who knows these?
I'm 100% straight guy and Tom Brady is a handsome working man.
Well, there you go.
I mean, is there any doubt about it?
So he's a good looking guy.
You don't have to get nervous about it.
Yeah, I got to give it to him.
Michael Douglas was in O.E.S. week.
Did you see the movie falling down?
Yeah.
You have a frustrated man in the Bono Ram page on that movie.
Well, it's about time he got some of his pent-up energy out.
You know, he's just weak to me.
He just seems so, I don't know, ineffectual.
Right.
I'm sorry.
I tune in late.
What is the pole today, actually?
The pole is who's celebrity loves child?
What do you most like to see?
We got Natalie Portman in Johnny Depp, Scarlett Johansson, Tom Brady, Anna Cornicova, and Ricke.
We got Halle Berry and Shamar and Moore.
We got Britney Spears and Brad Pitt and Katherine Zedin Jones and Pierce Brosnan.
That should give you the drift of where it's going.
And these guys, they can't handle it.
You know, it's too thorough.
I definitely go partner in that.
That's a good choice.
That's a good matchup.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Have a good one.
There's a heterosexual guy that says, I'm going to schmit can this pole.
It's just pointless, you know?
Or I'm just going to leave it the way it is.
Because these people are much fun is taking a rusty nail and sticking your ear deep inside your ear all the way
like to the middle of your brain used to be.
You know?
What about you neighbors and rock Hudson?
What about you and Moore?
Don't be thankful and not faxing you some of the suggestions from the fax.
And you'll read me one.
Give me a hit me with one.
Bill C'mall and Ellen DeGeneres.
There you go.
Everything is a fag thing.
It's a fag thing.
Okay?
Like I said, all you fairies out there who you kidding me?
I'm almost as mean as you are.
You're a fag, you're a fag.
This is 5.62.8.
They put the 11 in the fax and they took it back out.
They put the 11 in the fax and it's not there in the quarter.
They put the 11 in the fax and they took it back out.
They put the 11 in the fax and it's being raised when they took it out.
I said, Mommy.
I don't like it with the lives.
I said, Mommy.
I feel a lot less like they were with the mommy.
Yeah, I haven't felt this sad.
Mommy, since they just couldn't continue to tab.
They put the 11 in the fax and they took it out.
They put the live in the fax and it doesn't taste the same.
I used to drink 11 fax and it was my thing between my life.
I would have heard it, but it was like we were showing an ocarina claim.
Mommy.
I feel a little bit.
This may be doctors.
Pepper would be better.
Mommy.
Doctor.
Pepper.
This might be a pepper too.
Doctors.
The師 is the suspect of the spicy.
Mommy.
Doctor, I cannot fight you.
You're gonna be great.
Sometimes I wish I were straight.
They put the lived in the fax and they took it all away.
2017 to %.
제가 650ml.
I'm gonna change the pool.
How you like that?
Okay.
I am in fact I just tried to fax it but I think my fax machine screwed up by a new one.
Maybe I just do it.
Maybe you write it down and you fax it there.
It has an end.
Okay, who is the most humorless tight ass? It's one of Sean's pools are his uh huh? Okay, here's the final result of the other
143 votes and obviously they're just not going with it who celebrity loves how pretty like most to see 143 votes Natalie Portman and Johnny
Depth 37 Scarlett Johansson Tom Brady 36 and a quote a coven and wique lacey is has got
Halle Berry and Schumer more 19 British Pearson Brad Pitt 16 and Catherine Zeta Jones and Pierce Bros in five
That's it. That's as far as they can go with that
So anyway, who is the most humorless tight ass maybe Eric is listening right now. What?
Assume you as right? I already got all his sandwiches. Huh? I already gave it to him. You have it in what I gave it to him and the poll too
Well, here's the list we got so far Christopher Hitchens or
Samuya mama been a lot and am I going to fast on these? It's alright. I got the original. How did you get the original from?
Oh, that's right. You got the original from Mochon right and you got Ed Mohawar David
So we got Christopher Hitchens or some of them lot and very bonds Dick Cheney and Mohawar David and then we can add to that
So we'll get the new pull up there and I feel I don't when's the last time we had to do that where we like Smith can to pull like it early in the show
Not a long time long time ago, but that's just a you know you can smell it. Oh, man
What a rancid smell smells like New Orleans so let me add something at the at the risk of sounding ignorant who the hell is Christopher Hitchens
He's another one of these right wing Brits. He's the one that debated George what's his name George
Galloway Galloway. Oh, and Galloway Road on a C-SPAN last week
I'm surprised you asked me that because I just got to tell you that you're today Chris. Oh, yeah
He's not one. He's uptight. I'm doing real. He's like that Tony Blankley that's on that
Whatever you tell me about him debating something. I just didn't commit his name to memory
Yeah, you know show a John McLaughlin bye-bye Tony Blankley that big fat right wing Brit
Why is it that it's most of the Brits that they have on American media that they use are the right wingers?
I just don't get that. Oh geez. That's a coincidence. Our way you have that our media only uses right wing Brits
Oh, that's true. They only use right wing for the most part. I was speaking about wind
There's have I'm hearing Rumsfeld talking a lot of crap. So Barry Jackass writes this morning
Let's get to the important stuff. Okay, because these people obviously are way off their feet
I mean way way off their feed
Very Jackass writes Panthers voices to make Dave you
There's been more turnover in the local broadcast booth and ever during the past year and that continues Wednesday when the Panthers unveiled new play-by-play voices on
Fox and QAM Dave straighter and Steve Goldstein since
2004 each of the software markets for pro teams has had at least two on air changes rights a little Barry good
College last week very very weak today very Namby Pamby kind of like Michael Buck was in a very weak very
ineffectual weak not only of the markets game broadcast lost some of the best time we've ever had here such as Dave or Brian and Jim Manditch
But there also are fewer play-by-play announcers in the market with deep dulcet tone voices than any time in the past decade
Probably a voice was a strength for former dolphins play by play man Moa Howard David
X Marlon's announcer Boob Shamby and former Panthers voices Jeff Rimmer and Jigs McDowell the old hack Jigs
Some of the new voices lack commanding deliveries and that tends to affect the perception of their work
Marlon's a seat let listen to this some of the new voices lack commanding blimmers
This is as close as Barry can go to take a shot
You know say these guys really suck Marlon's announcer Rich Waltz and Roxy Bernstein are competent
But don't have the distinct voice of God pipes which Joe Buck and some others have
I think Joe Buck has got the voice of God Josh a good voice no, he's got a really good voice
But the voice of voice of God like like Mel Allen like a deeper authoritative voice like that
I don't think so in addition to which Barry doesn't understand having been you know
Live it the sleeping with mommy for 30 years now in the whole deal. He just doesn't get it
Oh, I think that thing is gonna try the facts again new dolphins radio announcer Jimmy syphilis has a pleasant voice
But seems to strain on it strain it on big plays you ferry he gets a little over excited
Well, I think is that thing gonna go through I mean this isn't that fact some breaking in new facts all in one machine back
There it's just a carbon copy the old one. I hear it ringing ringing there. You go. It's won't you your facts there
If you already got it, but it's just comforting. No, that's the thing works
Goldstein golly will team up with Randy moor. It doesn't have a classic play by play voice
And I'm like it's just a squeak myster. Okay. He's gonna do a fine job. Why can't you say he's got a squeaky bizarre voice
But he figures to give a conscientious call right to Barry. What does that mean conscientious call?
Well, what does that mean? Well, what's an unconscious call?
Jesus Goldstein plans to follow puck movement in a way similar to the approach of jugs McDonald who retired
Oh, yeah, I hope better than that. Oh, that thing is dying again
I think Goldstein 35 the panthers pregame and postgame radio hosts since 97 is called two panthers games as a filling in
99 in 2002
I'm real confident I've been waiting my whole life to do this job. So guilty
Stator will be paired with Dennis pot band Denise was a logical success and replaced Rimmer who left her to kill a combo straight jackets
I'll always try to create space for the analysts at straighter 50 work to pass eight years for ESPN after 11 years with the Red Wings
Then he's got thoughts on the dolphins in UM broadcast teams as
70s dolphins analyst Joe roses criticized when appropriate has proven to be the best choice to replace manage who didn't want to leave WDQM
Thank God that Joel Feinberg would do anything to hurt us
The dolphins needed a strong personality of Phil Mandage's shoes. They found that all the facts went through thank God
But Rose must avoid screaming or were cephalo on big place
See I don't hear any of that now if you listen anymore Joshua just given up
No, I've given him given up throwing in the towel
Seffa was at his best best performance on the after struggling with this identification of several players in the Jets game
The next challenge is identifying receivers more quickly. You see how man be namby pamby he sucks
Okay, Barry. He just plain sucks. Quit the crap beating around a bush when somebody is good
Yeah, lucky, lucky all over okay crazy model and if they suck, you'll say it sucks. No logical announcing team
This is the best. This is the most hysterical. I
Just can't believe it. It's just unbelievable that he's writing this and what is supposedly a real newspaper the hero
No local announcing team is consistently sharper or more prepared than WQM's combo of Joe Zagaki
Oh my
And Don Bailey Jr. at UM games Zagaki identifies all key particulars after place quickly and concisely
Oh my
I mean, it's just it leaves me limp thinking about the kind of swill that passes on a year in this market
Bailey is mentioned they are delivering the snappy cogent sound bite
Both are addicted predicting storyline such as the gaki anticipating Greg Olson being the go-go-to guy versus FSU
Then around the dial. He's got a bunch of stuff that nobody cares about
But the obligatory suck up get your head way up into Joel Feinberg's butt, Barry
790s accepting tapes from people interested in being host on the new 10 p.m. The midnight show or in the sarny
I didn't even print his column out because he didn't ran but here the name of what is called Vios Mielsen like that
Applicants must be fluent English and Spanish though the program will are in English
That's kind of like why we hired George for this show see on Thursday here comes the best part
This is what you all been waiting for y'all on Thursday 790 interviewed
But it would not say if it would hire controversial talk show host Sid Rosenberg
Rosenberg we've reportedly received treatment earlier this year for gambling and substance addictions
And resigned under pressure from WFA in New York this month after failing the show for work
That's exactly the kind of guy you ought to hire Joel if I were you I'd get him on a new day
Right now from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. 7 days a week Sid Rosenberg now he's the guy for those who wonder who the hell is that?
He used to be undoing sports on I miss and the morning on MSNBC
I really got the bark yeah, he looks like both deal with the worst haircut. That's Sid Rosenberg
Who I've had at least made some really outrageous and grotesque remarks wasn't parents tell us about that?
I'm sorry. I was not listening. Yeah, in other words, he's not all about he's a disaster which I'm surprised we didn't hire him
This is Neil Rogers this is 516 key a.m.
And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney today
Dick Diles celebrity biographer Kitty Kelly
Hello
Hello
Yes hello, can you Kelly please?
Speaking. I ask you this is Dick Cheney. I spread the United States of America. How are you?
Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is there something I can help you with?
Oh yes. Yes. It's just that book that's coming out next week as you're on.
And frankly we question its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out.
I'm sorry my spring is breaking at this. Have you just asked me not to press the lock? I'm so happy to be watching.
Yes. After George Bush gets reelected, print all you want. We won't care then.
Why would I want to do that? The level?
Why are he growing up? What?
Why are? Why are?
Oh my. It's just look for Lisa Taylor's win.
Huh? You're messing with the president of the United States of America.
Okay. I'm hanging up now. We know where you live. You don't think.
Okay. That's right. We'll get you a little bit of Toto too.
Goodbye. What's wrong with you?
Stop.
Hello?
Hello?
This has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney.
I was thinking of Dick General. Dick Myers is a retiring honey like that. He probably can't handle the embarrassment anymore.
All the lies that he has to keep telling Richard Myers.
Right. Don't blame him.
38 quick votes. You left very bonds about the poll. I bet we'll have to leave it up to Josh added.
And he's not going to be too happy about that because that's his hero is very bonds.
Dude.
The most humorless tight ass of all Dick Cheney 17, Mohawar David VIII, Osama Big Laden V, Christopher Richards V, and Barbara Bush III.
Where did she come from? But that's a good uh, oh yeah.
I thought I'd get a good sense of humor.
Yeah, she's a real laugh right. She's a real caution.
Anyway, speaking of Iraq, I just always like to throw these things in and we just got an update.
A tax followed day in which nearly a hundred killed Constitution vote looming on the horizon.
Uh, look at this. On the day of his retirement as a chairman of Joint Chief of Staff General Richard Myers discusses the war in Iraq with today host Matt Lauer.
Hope you missed that this morning.
I did miss it.
Good. Me too.
Soon he led in the surgeons killed at least nine people with a car bomb in a crowded vegetable market today.
The Muslim Day of Worship.
In the second blast against Shiite civilians in as many days.
The death toll rose to nearly a hundred from the previous days of tax another Shiite town.
Elsewhere in the southern city of Basra and Iraqi police caliber was ambushly yesterday killing four policemen and moving one.
The new surge of violence before the October 15th referendum has killed at least 194 people, including 13 US serviced members in the past five days.
We're doing it baby. We're just skyrocketing those numbers up there.
Is that what it's all about?
I hear it.
The measure of success is the number of dead people.
They might have blood that we've bloodshed in the earth when he saw the four star general standing in line at the Pentagon cafeteria.
The Pentagon cafeteria there go. There's your president man.
Everybody look in the mirror stick your one finger up your butt and the other one go like that.
And there's your president. I hope you're proud.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I got one for the poll. Yes sir.
Uh, Louis Farrickon.
Louis Farrickon. Not a great sense of you. I mean not a funny guy.
Okay, sir. Thank you. Don't you think so?
Louis Farrickon. Why don't you know you did that joke that we play all the time?
That is true. I never thought about that, but that's uh, you know, huh?
I might just have to play that if I could find the damn thing.
Although I think we probably spelled his name wrong.
Probably on purpose.
What is that under?
Barricot. Yeah, but it's like I said, I think it might just possibly be a stoker on something.
They'll like it sounds, man.
F.A.M. I see.
Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding.
Deal white folk.
Couple of things you ought to know.
When I'm born, I'm black.
When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black.
When I go out in the sun, I'm black.
When I go out in the cold, I'm black.
When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black.
But you, my white man, when you're born, you're pink.
When you grow up, you're white.
When you get sick, you are green.
When you go out in the sun, you go red.
And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow.
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die, you turn purple.
And you've got the damn nerd to call me Colet.
Yeah, real life ride.
Anyway, this fact you just sent me, this is not to make me just give up.
He's not in the audience.
People, he or she, whoever sends us, I'm assuming he, by the way, no imagination.
But best love kids would result from the fun.
And then it's got a bunch of things that are supposed to be funny.
And everybody's funny is like a massive coronary.
I stored away like 10, like 10.
That was just the best example.
Leave the comedy to me, okay?
I'm Mr. Life Ride, okay?
Leave it to me, because you folks ain't funny.
Believe you me, I've heard your calls for a zillion years, you ain't funny.
And your faxes, whoa, if you think the calls are funny, just wait until you read them faxes.
Hey, yo, which piece of copy did I just fax you?
Because they just gave me a bunch at the same time.
And dial a matrix, which you already faxed me before.
But that's okay. It's always good to have a spare.
All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
Did there probably be a few names on this poll?
If not, that's okay, because we're all with somebody faxed in a bunch of good polls, some chronic faxed you.
Thank you. Good stuff.
But we'll save those for next week.
And there's nothing wrong with it. There was nothing wrong with the first one.
But it wasn't like one of those where you're like ripping anybody in ants or like, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, that's right. You're like that.
See, they would have gone better with the second one on there, which I thought the other way around.
I thought the second one was kind of like lame, you know?
What was the second one?
About the lame, I think I schmanked.
Huh? But the lame duck.
No, no, about the sickest celebrity love child, the scariest.
Yeah. They had like B. Arthur and Abe Vagoda, George W. and Ilyana Rosanna, and stuff like that.
See, that would have been great. That would have been right up their alley, but you know what? Screw it.
We schmink candid. Let's put it in a deep freeze for a while.
Let them sit on and see what they can hatch. WDQYM, hello?
D.O.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you just talked about the retired general.
Listen to a minute of you with TBS this morning. I have had the repeat this comedy made.
They asked them about what they think about the suit.
It's offering an Iraq and his thoughts.
And he made the comment with these people down and they're losing the support of the world public.
What is there ever cared about the supporter?
Their minds, their thought process is so warm.
Why are you listening to a professional liar like him? Why are you paying any attention? Why are you allowing it to disrupt your life?
But I mean the comments are just a name.
Don't do it again, sir. Don't do it again. Consider the source, okay? Don't do it again.
Life is too short. Do not listen to Richard Myers. Do not listen to Barbara Star, Pentagon correspondent,
for they certainly not news, not sea network.
Say, ask them what they're thinking and...
Yeah, well don't ask me what I'm thinking because believe me if you knew you'd like to run for the hills, honey.
Believe me, bitch. WQYM, hello?
QYM, hello? QYM?
What's going on?
Spastic Friday. I knew it. WQYM, hello?
Yeah, how about the other Tom Coyle and Jessica Alba?
Yeah, we're not doing that one no more, okay? That's okay.
See, he's a little bit late. Why are you sending me all this?
And why are you sending me... What is this? I don't get it.
What is what? One is for today? Oh boy, yeah.
See, it'd be a good idea before the show starts so we can get all organized and everything like that.
Fat boy, all the way. At least he does send copy. That's something I'll say for him. I can't say much else.
Can't say that it's always very good or like that, but nevertheless, you know, the old fat boy.
But I'm going to go to my pile again.
Good? Huh? Well, no, you can sense it. You know how it goes.
You're right off the right from the get-go. You can tell us one of those days when their bio rhythms are all out of sorts.
And they just, they can't get it all straight. They can't do it. WQYM, hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good. How about that self-promoting blowhard on the Weather Channel, Jim Cantor.
Jim Cantor, I mean, there's a good one. I can't stand it. He takes himself very serious.
Oh, man, I just hope the national networks don't pick him up. We don't need to see him all the time.
That is a national network. What do you mean the...
Yeah, but it's not a small scale, though.
Yeah. Okay, thanks.
Well, that may not be a sore loser when four out of the five musicians are Americans.
That makes an American band, not an English band, Derek and Andominos.
What are you saying?
Okay, take care.
You're thanking the Spirit first.
Exactly.
Jim Cantor from the Weather Channel, who likes to stand out there and get the bone all over the place.
Although I will say, and now Rob Marciano would have been good for our celebrity, a match-ups for a baby.
Rob Marciano and Jennifer Beals.
Hey, what's wrong with that?
She's mine.
Yeah, that's what you think. She ain't no Howard Beal. I'll tell you that.
Oh, no, she's not.
Let's see. Here's a... what is this?
Oh, more facts to ideas.
Wow, these people just... I appreciate those and we'll use them the good ones.
There was nothing wrong with that first pull.
We might have to change this pull again when we're doing now.
They're just starting to come up with ideas for the first one.
They're a little bit slow.
A little bit there. Just a little bit slow.
Maybe we were on that 75-hour delay today.
That could be it.
Or maybe they found out that there ain't no mode today and they're like... they're just abandoned the station.
We'll come back in when the mole-myster's on. We got a guilty today.
Fuck 30 men.
You know, a guilty is going to be squeaking about hockey.
No, but guilty, that little piece of advice, do what you want. I know you will.
But leave the hockey talk to a bare minimum, please, if you want to keep any audience at South Florida.
The anti-hockey crowd. 90 votes. The most humorless tight-ass, Dick Cheney 37.
He seems to be 38. Look at that.
Moe Howard David at 17.
Barbara Bush 12. Christopher Hitchens 10.
You've got to see Christopher Hitchens.
I want to make a worse angle.
He's very angry. He's one of those very, very uptight britsos.
He's got the right of him.
I'd like to see George Galloway just get up and smash him in the head with a 2x4.
We'll be good.
The brits aren't big on guns.
Christopher Hitchens 10 or some of them in Lawton 8.
Louis Farrakhan's got 5.
Just in time for the Jewish era for Rocharsana.
Very bonds for it. One for Larry King.
Larry King, I thought he had a duke on him somewhere that last?
Yeah, Bill Fist has got one.
And Jim Cantor, he's got the big O.O.
This is Neil W.O.
He's watching this, is 5.
Follow, blows and soda the bill.
I'm pretty good at the golfing wins Sunday 3-1 baby at the bill of the bills blow.
Take no mistake.
Little bit it about Tom and Katie.
Two celebrities stuck by the paparazzi.
Katie gonna be oh miss this cruise.
Tom, Criticides, Brooks Shields, post-pottom blues.
The thing that I'm saying about broke is that there's misinformation.
Okay.
And she doesn't understand the history of psychiatry.
She doesn't understand in the same way that you don't understand.
Katie just converted to Scientology.
Now it's to be a nice thing to share just a sad Christianity.
Oh yeah, love goes on.
Long after the drill of marriage is gone.
Oh yeah, they say that I'm gone soon.
The world's getting pretty sick now of Katie and Tom.
Well, speaking of the Christian, you've seen her latest spots for whatever that's the
Jenny Craig.
Actually, yeah, I have seen those where she's wearing that dress that's about six sizes
too small.
Right.
And she's bouncing up and down on the ball that the little kid bouncing here.
You see that?
Yeah.
I mean, if that isn't the most ridiculous out of rage, she's still a fat cow.
Right.
And I didn't know she was a Scientologist.
Of course she is.
Well, why do you say, of course, is she like?
Do you like?
Do you fare or something like that?
Not that I know of.
Curse the alley is a Scientologist.
Sure.
Oh yeah.
Just one more reason to hit her like poison.
Let's see.
Anne rancid body part coder says that some facts that we can't say the body part where
we're rhymes with catch.
Right.
Most humorless tennis could be Charlton Heston.
There is an excellent one.
Okay.
Right there from my cold dead hands.
You son of a bitch.
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
Everybody watch bowling for column mind 100 times this weekend.
That is just so perfect.
Chuck Heston.
Talk about somebody who takes them to self-fuselessly when you play Moses and Abraham and all those
others all too many times in Solomon.
Right.
The guy they heard what happens.
You start taking yourself real serious.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
5 60.
And they've arrived in singular wireless line.
This pool started to like build out a little bit.
We apologize profusely for putting one on there that challenge your, for example, I thought
that this other one, this chronic factor.
We appreciate these even if they suck.
But I'm looking at some of these and they're not like who is the best looking celebrity
man or woman from the neck up.
A woman we'd have to put on.
They're right.
There are no good looking guys.
Let's face it.
No, they're guys.
It's just, no, that's right.
It's just something I made up.
That's right.
Who is?
I'm clean.
Sure.
So we can do that who is the best looking celebrity woman from the neck up.
I'm going to send these are okay.
Best South Florida barbeque joint.
How many barbeque joints are there in South Florida?
About 30 minutes.
Sunny's and you got the, what's that other one that was on our pool?
Are there shivers, shorties?
Yeah, you got the smokey bones.
What is it?
Smokey bones.
Oh, smokey bones man.
Smokey bones.
You got some smoky Robinson.
Let's play some more of that music.
No.
That killed the show yesterday when I got that thing about her and through the grapevine.
Again, that's just like that first pool we did today boy.
Here's a lesson for all you punks that want to be on a radio in South Florida, something
that radio is still in business in about 10 years, which I doubt.
But don't expect the South Florida audience to respond anything that makes sense.
They will respond to crap.
That's why I've done so well all these years.
They will, anything that makes sense, they will respond to it.
They would think like living and breathing people would.
But they would look around and remember where you are and then say, oh, what I'm going
to do like that.
And then all of a sudden you get tremendous response.
Just keep doing that.
Like that.
Right?
I've been doing it for like almost 30 years now for price.
30 minutes.
Looks like magic.
Oh, speaking of magic is Bob Hamilton dead yet?
No.
WDQIM, hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Did you speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, hi Neil.
Yeah.
You know, close to the alley.
Yes.
It doesn't understand the history of any crank.
Yeah.
Got it?
No.
I don't get it.
What does that mean?
Tom Cruise was saying that's Matt Lauer.
You don't understand the history of psychiatry.
It was a very, very bad joke.
Attempted to do it.
That guy will be dead soon.
He sounded like it.
WDQIM, hello.
QAM.
That guy too.
WDQIM, hello.
Yeah.
That's for the football.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sean Penn.
Yeah.
Very, very good choice.
That's the opinion that you're going to have about.
He makes Dick Cheney seem like a comedy guy.
Yeah, he got that right.
All right.
Yeah, that's all I got.
Thanks a lot.
That's good enough.
Sean Penn.
Good actor.
That's what we don't like.
Sean Penn's acting.
Some of his movies are fine.
That's some good work.
But he takes himself very seriously.
And the worst part of it.
I got another one for you.
Bono.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Along the same thing.
Bono.
On the same lines.
Bono.
Given our Prime Minister Paul Martin, a bunch of crap.
Well, you're always promising that you're going to give all this aid to these starving people over there in Africa.
But you never give it up.
You always know how much it is.
It's never enough for me.
And Paul, you better give it up.
We're going to, like, come blow up Canada.
I hope you're as Bono in your music sucks, by the way.
Okay.
You too.
Brute.
You idiot.
You so brother.
He makes me, he makes me blood boil.
People who take themselves to, I guess that's the same thing as human was, right?
Right.
When you kill that, it may kill it.
I don't want to hear no you too.
I said something about music and the noise that they make is not music.
I rather hear rap music.
I rather hear Fiddiesent.
I rather hear Eminem.
I'd rather any kind of swill anything than they hear that.
I'd rather hear two packs and six packs and the case in a half.
What is that?
Fiddiesent?
Oh.
I don't want to hear no Fiddiesent.
I'd rather hear more like 30, 30-centre like that.
Somebody QYM.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Somebody QYM.
Hello.
I got one for the poll.
Yes sir.
How about Ivan?
How?
Hi.
How?
How?
How about the kids Saturday?
How about the kids?
How about the kids?
Oh, God.
I think you're rid of it too.
I keep hitting the, trying to throw it.
There it goes.
That was good.
Who was it?
Oh, Don I'm his.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Are you ready to mumble Don or what?
100 years ago.
I always speak to people who are like real serious problem children.
Former baseball star, Gerald Strabbery, was charged with fighting a false police report after
making up a story, alleging that his SUV had been stolen Delray Beach Police and he probably
heard Norma Kent call the show last week and figured like a copycat phone call.
Yes.
Copycat stolen SUV.
Strabbery reported his red and Nissan Marano stolen September 17, saying it disappeared from
the outside of gas station where I was inside buying cigarettes.
He was buying a few faggots.
But investigators who watched the gas station surveillance video saw him drive off in a different
car than the one he reported stolen.
Police spokesman Jeff Messer said another mess for Darrell.
Darrell.
An anonymous caller later told police that Strabbery's SUV was behind the sports bar on Lake
Worth about 15 miles away.
Police found the SUV there with no damage with Strabbery's wallet inside Messer said.
Strabbery 43 admitted to police on Wednesday they lied in the original report.
He wasn't arrested because the charge fighting a false police report is a Mr. Meener.
Strabbery apparently allowed somebody to borrow the car but didn't provide details to police on what may have happened.
Messer said the eight time also remember the two world series winners has had legal trouble before.
No.
Strabbery served 11 months in prison in 2002 and 2003 for violating probation on cocaine possession charges.
I wonder if Noel Bush got the same kind of treatment on the inside as Darrell Strabbery.
He probably got treated with velvet gloves.
Your fat ass governor's dysfunctional family there are a bunch of sleaze bags.
This real good far bison goi who's always pontificating and we're going to have faith based this and faith based prisons and faith based lies and faith based whatever.
Maybe if we just had some faith based slot machines that we might get him.
You think?
What a piece of crap he is.
Oh, but he's so popular.
Yeah. Well, I told you that's Florida for you.
Don't know when they're well off.
I say let's bring alien on back and make him the governor.
Although he's getting tight with Fidelies days we'll get to that.
150 towards we got more votes on this pool than about a half an hour than we had in the whole.
See what I'm saying?
157 they hated that other pool because it made all those guys out there feel.
Ooh, unclean unclean.
You know like.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, that's Tom Brady one ugly guy.
Who's in a humorous tight ass dig 2071?
Moha look at the lead he's got.
And that's exactly correct man.
He is so sour.
Sour.
Nasty full or crap.
Crooked as the day is long.
Nasty miserable obnoxious disgusting piece of turret with a weak heart.
Big Chinese 71 one thing about him you can't say he's all heart.
He's almost no heart.
Moha were divided in 26.
Boy, I can't believe Moin doing better than that.
Christopher it's in 16.
Garba Bush 15.
Various bonds nine.
Oh, seven me mama nine.
Tag with very I see a lot of similarities.
Both you steroids.
They both smear that cream.
Louis Farrakhan six and quarter five.
There's another one.
Larry King three built first fist three.
Chuck Hissons only got a pair of cool dead hands.
Kindle ease of one Sean Penn one.
Don I'm is Bono and Jim Cantorri so far got the big you got to be kidding me about Bono.
Maybe they like Bono.
Of course, you know, they like you too.
That's a problem because they're tasting music is in their touch.
5 6 7 0 5 60 Tom five you like Scottish bag five music.
You love a Bono even though they're Irish.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Org and music as you said.
Oh, awful stuff.
Tell me the Q a and hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Back in the day when 17 50 19,000 whatever they were on the dialed W a.
And the fan junior.
Yeah, he had a show on there with Scott tablet.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, he was on there for a while.
I guess he was on there until they pretty much went off the I was shot when they went off the air.
And he announced that he and his he and Scott were going up New York to work for WFN and New York.
So this is held down here with horrible.
Uh-huh.
What it was a fan.
Now he had as you ready out of gambling has something to do to do to do so what does he do?
He goes on a weekend trip to Atlantic City.
Oh, good choice.
To promote an event and the guys at WFN and New York were begging him.
Don't go on this trip.
Don't go on this trip.
You can show up at work Monday.
They're giving them a million chances and these thousand dollars of seven hundred.
Yeah.
Bring him back.
He sounds perfect for Joel a fine bird man.
It sounds like a match made in purgatory.
That's just I mean that station is so horrible.
Leopard and like giggle giggle fast all afternoon.
Really?
We've been leopard and stew guys because they're in.
That's great.
Greg Cody calling up on the air singing stupid song.
Excellent.
And it's like a city boy for John the party is basically what it is.
Beauty.
I love it.
Perfect for a Joe fine bird.
Thanks, Sally.
And don't forget.
We'll do anything to her.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm not going to be on the show.
I'm always in New York for a brisk.
There's slicing that thing.
There's slicing it in the like six different pieces
than the babies too.
Mad Dog get four from Hooters and Durrellman.
Mad Dog get four from Hooters and Durrellman.
Mad Dog get four from Hooters and Durrellman.
Mad Dog get four from Hooters and Durrellman.
Mad Dog get four from Hooters and Durrellman.
Mad Dog get four from Hooters and Durrellman.
I'm going to turn me over to a raggy control.
But if the Americans don't keep me safe,
ready is going to be one more gravy in Iraq.
Yeah, here is Iraq.
As soon as they put me in the dark,
I will drop in the jailhouse Iraq.
My people can hardly wait to make me pay.
Just like they did with the day in Tuesday.
Only one way to try and hover my paws,
how Johnny Cagran or Mark Geregos do Iraq.
Yeah, they come to Iraq.
Give myself a drone to stay locked,
to begin to the jailhouse Iraq.
Baby, if I'm lucky, I can have a bleed.
Baby, I can even be the sanity.
I must have been raised to getting to this war.
It's like rent is still done at Remakele more in Iraq.
Yeah, here in Iraq.
My head will soothe me on the black.
And I will die in the jailhouse Iraq.
Die in the jailhouse Iraq.
Die in the jailhouse Iraq.
1119 and 560 WQA.
I guess I probably should be the Paul Kerman article tonight.
Although, what?
No, I better get to that right now.
Well, we got a lot of calls.
Don't tell me you're not.
What is it?
I said don't tease.
WQA and hello.
Yes, I'd like to suggest I'm a little nervous.
I like to suggest George.
Did you do the word?
Yeah, well, well, well, well, well, well, well.
Okay.
Like I said, we better get to that Paul Kerman piece right away.
Well, he does have a point.
You're not exactly Mr. Historical.
Right. That was, you know, who, by the way.
I know. When you relaxed Jesus before even, before he even uttered a word,
before he was taking his, hopefully, last breath.
I mean, I don't, I mean, I still, oh, there he is.
Bill Bennett.
But I'm not a tourist.
Is going to.
Yeah, Bill Bennett said we just, uh, board all those black babies.
Not that I really mean it, you know, but if we just did it, man, can you, can you imagine if just about, eh, if a, uh, well,
of course, liberal wouldn't say that, but if they did, oh, please.
There would be such a human cry from the media.
So they show it like in the middle like, you know, 25 active.
I'll give like about 30 seconds on and how many?
About 30, man.
Mark Leckman writes the way it is.
According to a new US government index, the effect of greenhouse gases is up 20%.
And since 1990, Dr. Scott Gottliebe, 33 year old wall street inside of a little experience in regulation,
but close ties to drug firms was made a deputy commissioner at the FDA in July.
The Arctic ice cap is shrinking at an alarming rate.
Two of the three senior positions at the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, OSHA are vacant.
The third is held by Jonathan Sneri, former lobbyist.
Texans for public justice, a watchdog group reports that he worked on efforts to keep a Fedra,
a dietary supplement that was banned by the FDA legal.
According to Francis Finance Minister Alan Greenspan told him that the US had lost control of its budget deficit.
David Saphabian is a former associate of Jack Abramoff, a recently-added lobbyist.
Mr. Saphabian oversaw US government procurement policy at the White House Office of Management budget until his recent arrest.
When Senator James Inhoff, who is called Scientific Research on Global Warming and Gigantic Host,
called a hearing to attack that research, his star witness was Michael Crickton, the novelist.
Mr. Saphabian is charged with misrepresenting his connections with lobbyists,
specifically Mr. Abramoff, while working at the General Services Administration.
A key event was a lavish golfing trip to Scotland in 2002, mostly paid for by a charity Mr. Abramoff controlled.
Among those who went on the trip was Representative Bob Nay of Ohio.
It's not possible to attribute any one-weather-eventic global warring,
but climate models show that global warring will lead to increased hurricane intensity
and some research indicates that that's already occurring.
Tyco paid $2 million, most of it going to firms controlled by Mr. Abramoff,
as part of its successful effort to preserve tax advantages it got from shifting its legal home to a bermuda.
Sounds like a halibut in to me.
Timothy Flanagan, General Counsel of Tyco, has been nominated for the Second Wanking Justice Department Post.
In the aftermath of Katrina, New Orleans is a wash and soldiers and police.
Nonetheless, FEMA has hired Blackwater USA, a private security firm with strong political connections to provide armed guards.
Mr. Abramoff was indicted last month on charges of fraud relating to his purchase of some crews, a casino vote operation.
Mr. Nay inserted comments in a congressional record attacking some crews as original owner,
Constantine O's Gus Bullers, placing pressure on him to sell to Mr. Abramoff and his partner Adam Kadan
and praised Mr. Kadan's character. James Schmitz, who resigned as the Pentagon's inspector general
amid questions about his performance, has been hired as Blackwater's chief operating officer.
Last week, FEMA were arrested in connection with a gang-land-style murder of Mr. Bullis.
Some crews, after it was controlled by Mr. Kadan and Mr. Abramoff,
paid a company controlled by one of the men arrested Anthony, Big Tony, Muscat de Yellow, and his daughter,
$145,000 for catering and other work. In court documents, questions are raised about whether food and drink were even ever provided.
Some crews paid $95,000 to a company in which one of the other men arrested, Anthony Little Tony Ferrari is a principal, Little Tony.
Any time you get a nickname like that, it always gets you nose out of joint, you know?
Yeah, there.
Iraq's oil producer remains below pre-war levels. The LA Times imports the mistakes by US officials and a Halibut in subsidiary,
which was given a huge no-bid reconstruction contract, may have permanently damaged Iraq's oil fields.
Tom DeLay, who stepped down his house majority later after his indictment, once called Mr. Abramoff out of my closest and dearest friends.
Mr. Abramoff funneled funds from clients to conservative institutions and causes,
the Washington Post reports that associates of Mr. DeLay claim that he severed the relationship after Mr. Bullis' murder.
Public health experts warn that the US would be dangerously unprepared for an avion flu epidemic,
and his water crankout used to say, that's the way it is.
It's called trouble in this little piece of New York Times today.
That's the way it is.
Yeah, it is.
The most humorless, tight ass of all, we've got the 235 votes already.
How do you like that?
We should have started with this right off the kick-go, shouldn't we?
So the poll came up with.
Dick Cheney 92, he's often runnin' man. He is off to the races.
Don't run too fast. It got that bad ticker, you know?
Moe Howard David had 35. He's out to do it in a brisk business in New York again.
Another day off.
Barbara Bush 22, Christopher Hitchin 17, and Colterman on 7-bit Laden 13.
Oh, brother, what a match that is.
Barry Bond's 14, Louis Veracon 8, Sean Penn's 7-con, the Leases got 5.
He oughta have more than that. She is just a nasty, miserable Bill 1st 5,
Bill Larry King 4, Chuck Heston 2, Don I Am Is One, and Bono and Jim Cantor, we don't have anything.
I guess these people don't feel about Bono the same way that you and I do.
Well, there's so many other choices on there.
When he's doing all of that wonderful work and he's helping this safe mankind
and he's doing all of this important thing for all of the starving people in the...
Yeah, right.
Go play your phony baloney music and quit trying.
I just can't handle it.
Pretend you'd be like a savior of the universe.
WDQA-N, hello.
QA-N?
Not there. WDQA-N, hello.
Well, I tell you this is one hell of a Friday.
I'm going to mark this one down right on my wrist, just like in Memento.
WDQA-N, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a name for your list.
Yes?
Martha Furnck.
Remember her.
Martha Furnck.
Don't wonder why I did to get the woman into the master's and now she's all complaining about the advertisement for the intakeil hockey.
Yeah.
She never says anything that doesn't controversial.
Okay.
Her footer on her, nobody knows who that is, the wolf footer on her.
I do remember Martha Furnck.
Martha Furnck, just put her on her.
Don't ask questions.
Oh, you know something?
They showed Sandra Day O'Connor on yesterday, like a very recent...
She was waddling somewhere with somebody.
If she doesn't look like Martha Washington, I mean I'm serious.
Am I right?
Yeah, and she's got the shakes.
And when she's wearing the robe and she's got the bigger, it looks like that.
In fact, she looks almost like George Washington.
This is Neil Raj.
Nice seats, honey.
This is five six...
Don't know what to do.
A.M.
I'm gonna go to the door for our toy.
No, no, I'm away.
No, no, I'm away.
I'm gonna go to the door for the toy.
No, no, no, no, I'm away.
Could they have taken over with that deal instead of the day's gift?
Is that a lot of time to talk about me, but I'm why it's here?
I don't give a crap which that very has to say.
You see what they're supposed to do?
I said, Well, I know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the canto, I can't get elevated down.
And on my way to the car when I told him I should out I give a free condo
I said the boy in the back is tall why you
I got along you spoiled old bulls I know everything that's going on in
that old why I even know the new my John rules I'm hip to the jikes
daddy old bulls
You guys are going back to life
You said that is true when I take you place
I know I ain't no way. But when they drive, my boys will scare you little smoothies
Oh speaking of that, Gellie is going to be on it too, so you can judge for yourself
Who knows the better job because mullers up there attending his grandsons or granddaughters brisk
Maybe it's a grand daughter. Maybe she's having a brisk.
I'm not one of those places.
They do it in Africa, right? Then we got Mad Dog at Hooters in Durrala 4 and then
the Marlon stuff which quite frankly, anti-climactic and capital and after the ballgame.
Now, I don't want to like throw us off course and I do want to spend at least two, three
hours of ripping Bill Bennett and ass that he deserves.
But you brought up something since you're always like coming between me and my friends.
First it was me and Bill, but you pissed off before I even met him.
And remember about the bad wig and the checkered pants and then remember about being a
cheap skate which I can't believe you saying that and being those horrible hockey shows.
And now it's the crossover with Hank at 10.
Now I don't want to remove because we have done that pulled before way back when when
Hank and I started doing that.
But George told me the other day before the show that everybody in the building is like
scratching their head and wondering what is that all about and that really sucks and that's
just why they do that. It's just what is it?
Pretty much what you said.
I'll come on now.
I said to that a fuck.
That's what Josh said.
He said why do you waste your time with that crap talking about the race track and all this
old, why don't you just call Hank on the phone and reminisce about old times?
Are you going to do that?
It's kind of naps out like I do.
Do you?
Well, race track?
Yeah, I got to.
Yeah, see too much of that race track talk.
It's just a ponderous.
Well, we talk about other things like old old stuff.
So we need to get some more input from the audience on that crossover because it's,
you know, I mean I enjoyed a lot and I think Hank obviously enjoys it.
Maybe a little bit too much, but you know, see I'm spoiled because of those stern days when
we used to come on like a 10, all week five or 11 o'clock salad days.
Let's let's let's vote that.
It wasn't good for us, but it was it was good for well, it was good for us.
Like I said, let's try it again.
Let's put stern back on.
What do you say?
It just until he goes off the air at the end of the year.
Come on, give it a shot.
So let's get you input on that 10 o'clock crossover there with the Humper.
Do they listen to it?
Do they like it?
Do they hate it?
Are they just offended by they just puking their guts off?
What's their take?
See if there was a way that we can get Eric to like take the pole that we have on,
oh this would be too much for him wouldn't it when he get like bent out of shape?
No.
Because I don't know technically if he can do that.
Yes, we ever done that.
We can do it.
He can take this pole, say, move, free, you're safe on the back burner.
Put another one on there for like about an hour and then put this one back up for the weekend.
Can we do that?
Yes.
You sure?
Yes.
Well what the hell do you know?
You're not the technical expert that he is.
He's the main man.
He's the head cheese.
He's the little us.
Huh?
He's the mover and shaken it.
He has vezz.
Okay, well let's do that.
All right.
So let's take that one.
We got this.
This is quite a poll day.
You know what?
I've actually even missed.
Come on.
I've never had this many polls in one day.
Almost 300 votes on this one.
That's good.
That's refreshing and reassuring because the first one went over like a pregnant pole
vault or in the middle of July in Bangladesh.
But nevertheless, so we'll put this one or just leave it where it is.
And we're going to put us the next one, which is going to be what's your take on the 10.
And crossover between Hank and Neil every morning.
Can you handle that?
Yeah.
Well who's who's how are we going to do this?
I've got to communicate it to him, right?
It takes to a little.
Well, I'm a face.
So he's not going to like take shorthand up there.
He's not going to like where he's that.
He's got a sense.
He has a set.
What?
How do you know he's not even listening?
Trust me.
He's got a sandwich in each hand.
Okay.
He's busy attending to his lunches right now.
Look at the time.
It's almost noon for Christ's.
A fat guy like him.
See one thing you don't understand.
If you're going to be of massive growth,
you have to in order to maintain that rotundity,
you have to keep feeding that whole.
You understand?
If he's feeding it.
I do understand.
Filling the empty hole.
Well, you know something about that.
But nevertheless, so anyway, the question is,
what's your take and what are the choices going to be?
I love it.
I hate it.
It's okay.
What else?
I'm too busy typing to.
Well, come on, Josh.
I love it.
He's getting the food.
It's okay.
It's okay, except when they talk about the racetrack and gambling.
Or how much too much track talk?
Well, no, I mean, we don't want to forget about this subject.
Matter of what?
We're going to like dissect it like that.
It's going to be a whole big.
This is just an intermediate for about an hour.
Just for my own personal programming information,
since we're so in tune with what the audience wants.
All right, wait.
No.
But then go with what you got.
Yeah, go with those three.
Oh, that's good enough.
I love it.
I hate it or it's okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Now is that your voter?
Is that just a little controversial?
Democratic Democrats blasted that obnoxious fat face piece of turret.
Man, I hate him like put.
There is one ought to be on this poll.
On the one before we take it out.
Build Bennett.
He's a bundle of laughs.
A humorless, tight ass if there ever was one.
And I'll give you another one too before we take this one off.
Okay.
Can you do this before we change it?
Yes.
It was a two late.
We can do it.
We can do it.
Pat Robertson.
There is a bundle of laughs.
I don't know.
It cracks me up.
Yeah.
Pat Robertson.
I mean, Lee Stierry Falwell had the purple thinking winky.
That was kind of funny.
I don't know if he had one.
We were just talking about one,
but he was an involved with one.
Yeah.
But Pat Robertson and Bill Bennett.
Oh, God.
Anyway, congressional Democrats
blasted former education secretary William Bennett yesterday
for saying that aborting every black baby in this country
would reduce the crime rate
and demanded the Republican counterparts do the same.
This is precisely the kind of insensitive,
hurtful and ignorant rhetoric
that Americans have grown tired of
said representative Bobby Rush of Illinois.
Bennett who well-prominent post in the
administration of Reagan and First Bush, Bush 41,
told the governor was syndicated radio talk show Wednesday.
If you wanted to reduce crime,
you could, if that were your sole purpose,
you could abort every black baby in this country
and your crime rate would go down.
That would be an impossibly ridiculous
and morally reprehensible thing to do,
but your crime rate would go down, he said.
House minority leader Nancy Pelosi of California called on President Bush
to condemn the comments by Bennett,
who was the anti-drug chief and Bush's father administration
and a real goody Tushu's and finger pointy and hypocrite
and a compulsive gambler with a real serious problem.
What could possibly have possessed secretary Bennett
to say those words, especially at this time in Pelosi,
what could he possibly have been thinking?
That's what's so alarming about his words.
Bennett stood by his comments last night.
I was putting forward a hypothetical proposition,
put that forward, examined it,
and then said about it that it's morally reprehensible.
To recommend abortion of an entire group of people
who are at a lower your crime rate is morally reprehensible,
but this is what happens when you argue that the end
can justify the means he told CNN.
I'm not racist, and I'll put my record up against there
as referring to Pelosi and other critics.
I've been enchanting of the real civil rights issues
of our times, equal educational opportunities for kids.
We've got to have Kandra and talk about these things
while we reject wild hypotheses than it's said.
Ha ha, yeah, like avoiding every black baby.
That's not too wild.
Maniac, I don't think people have the right to be angry
if they look at the whole thing,
but if they got a selective part of my comment,
I can see what they would be angry.
If somebody thought I was advocating that,
they ought to be angry.
I would be angry, but that's not what I advocate, he said.
As to people with an apology, Bennett replied,
I don't think I do.
I think people who were misrepresented in my view,
owe me an apology.
See, it's always that way, man.
Always that way with these people.
National media, they talk a lot about the loss of revenue
or the inability of the government to fund social security.
And I was curious, and I've read articles in recent months here
that the abortions that have happened
and since Roe v Wade, they lost revenue
for the people who have been aborted during that
the last 30 something years.
It's because fund social security, as we know it today.
And the media does never touch this at all.
Assuming they're all productive citizens?
Assuming that they are.
Even if only a portion of them were,
it would be an enormous amount of revenue.
Maybe, maybe, but we don't know what the cost would be too.
I think as abortion disproportionately occur among single women.
You know, I don't know the exact specifics,
but quite a bit are, yes.
All right, well, I mean, I just don't know.
I don't, I would not argue for the pro-life position based on this.
And because you don't know, I mean, it gets both,
you know, one of the arguments in this book,
Freakonomics, that they make is that the declining crime rate,
you know, this they deal with this hypothesis,
one of the reasons crime is that as an abortion is up.
Well, I don't think that's the statistic is accurate.
Well, I don't think it is either.
I don't think it is either because, first of all,
I think there's just too much that you don't know.
But I do know that it's true that if you wanted to reduce crime,
you could, if that were your sole purpose,
you could abort every black baby in this country.
Oh my god.
You could go down.
That would be an impossible ridiculous and morally repassible thing to do.
But your crime rate would go down.
Naria, we're going down.
I knew like that.
I'm trying to take him out and tie his ass to a tree and linch that son of a bitch right now.
I'll get the rope.
I just can't imagine why over 90% of black folks vote against the Republicans.
You know, I just can't imagine why.
A bunch of racist, you know, I mean,
why would anything even, it's like that,
even cross somebody's mind, you know.
And you, you, Mr. you are so out of touch.
You know, I think you lost touch with these South Florida audience.
I was the one that was saying that I was the one explaining it to people.
The value of it.
I beg your pardon.
The audience is concerned.
You said that inside the building, right?
And which goes to show me another thing,
and that is inside the building,
most of those people don't understand,
not only this show,
but the whole radio station, what's on here.
Maybe that's why we got some great sales effort.
We got eight, 19 votes on there.
And from where my fat ass is sitting,
what's your take on the old crossover with Hank?
It's okay, 11.
I love it, eight.
And I hate it.
Oh, none.
I've done the big fan zero.
And with this audience, that is,
I mean, granted, it's only the first 19 votes.
I was voted over 100 times.
What?
I was the first one to vote okay.
How do you like that, Mr.?
So I think if I were you, I'd go out in the hallway right now and say,
you people don't know crap.
You don't know squat.
I don't have to say that.
I just go out in the hallway and say squat on this.
You idiots, you quizzlings, you...
You fairy.
Of course, if you say that, a lot of people respond.
This is my Roger.
You fair, you fair, I'm 16, Q-A-S.
For the longest is dedication.
It's from Hank Goldberg.
And he writes, please play the air that I breathe.
And dedicated to my Kim Bassinger Bluat-Dal.
The following is a paid public service announcement
from the International White Files Association.
Let's face.
Most of us will never be rich.
Hell, we probably won't even be successful
and that's pretty damn depressing.
But as usual, with every problem, there is a solution.
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare their s*** out of me.
Timmin' eight-domin' and giving you whatever you want.
That's right, handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for fear.
All of the convenience stores.
Thanks, Jimson Pretzels, wire-ed.
It's all free of you, you've got a handgun.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him.
It's a simple solution of life's complex problems.
All I have to do is wait the five days for it
and happiness is just around the corner.
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing up the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative to working problems out
and be considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your fans.
Hey, you know what?
Very timely, you want to know why?
Why?
So you're forgetting all of you people.
It's a good thing I got a memory like an elephant
in the body to match.
You know what the date is tomorrow?
October 1st.
And what does that mean in Florida?
Yeah, yeah.
That new bill goes into effect that all you people
have so much in it, your fat ass governor sign.
Somebody looks like they're going to take your parking spot.
They look threatening to you.
That's right.
I'm going to gun shop in this weekend.
I say that Bill Bennett, some of the black organizations
ought to invite him this weekend to Florida.
Okay, for like a cup of tea or something like that.
Yeah.
In fact, you know, who doesn't like to smoke a big fat one?
Just put his big fat ass on a spit and smoke it.
Now let's let's can we add one more
to this intermediate poll here real quick, Josh.
So, okay.
It's too long.
Now I will grant you.
Nobody has ever said that to me in my life,
but it is the first time for everything.
It's too long.
Oh, believe me.
So there you go.
That's it.
And I crossed over so far.
66 votes.
28 love it.
Or 30 36 love it.
28 say it's okay.
And four I hate it.
That must be those people inside the building.
Right.
But it's too long.
I think it's valid.
It could be a criticism.
We've drawn on and blah, blah, blah.
We owe a lot of stuff.
But people seem to say they have no problem with it.
Most of them except George.
Right.
And the people you hang out with in the building.
Yeah.
Oh, Judith Miller who is highly, uh,
she's another one that ought to have her, uh,
something fried.
I don't want to say ass.
Judith Miller, the reporter from the New York Times,
has been jail since July 6th for refusing to identify and testify
the CIA leak case was released yesterday
from a Virginia detention center after she and her lawyers
reached an agreement with a federal prosecutor
in which she would testify before a grand jury
investigated in the case.
The publisher and executive editor of the paper said,
Ms. Miller was freed after spending more than 12 weeks in jail
during which she refused to cooperate with the inquiry.
Her decision to testify was made after she obtained
what she described as a waiver offered voluntarily
and personally by a source who said she was no longer bound
by any plagues of confidentiality she had made to him.
Ms. Miller said the source had made clear
that he genuinely wanted her to testify.
The source was and is,
I, Lewis Scooter Libby,
Vice President Dick Taney's Chief of Staff,
according to people who have been officially
briefed on the case,
Ms. Miller met with Scooter Libby on July 8th, 2003
and talked with him by telephone later that week.
Discussions between officials and journalists that week
that may have disclosed the identity of a central intelligence agency officer
Valerie Wilson, Valerie Plain,
have any central focusing investigation.
Ms. Miller said in the statement that she's expected to appear
before the grand jury on Friday, meaning today,
Ms. Miller was released after she and her lawyers
met at the jail with Patrick J. Fitzgerald
and prosecutor in the case to discuss her testimony.
Honey, like that Scooter Libby was the source,
the source of the information about,
I'm going to tell you something, maybe this weekend,
we'll find the good, the amus.
Did you think anybody cares?
You notice how fast that whole thing dried up that story?
Yeah, I was just talking about that with someone.
Just like all this murder and bloodshed
in her back to last 48 hours,
how much have we seen on,
I mean, we've seen some stories on her very briefly,
but how much actual footage have we seen?
I mean, you know, they got all the cameras over there,
they got all the network people.
How come we don't see what's really going on over there?
Shut up, Anthony.
We've been this way.
You hate America.
All the lackeys.
86 votes on a pool, Mr. Smarty Pants.
See, I'm just checking it out because maybe you're right.
That wouldn't be my first programming mistake.
By the way, you know, we had come to the station.
You wanted to add that whole inside the building thing.
I just, I said in general in and out.
Oh, I see.
In some other words of people,
I thought the people you talked about
said the building, go listen to the show.
No, my friends don't listen to the show.
Right.
Josh has friends who listen to the show.
Does he?
Right.
I do.
See?
How come you don't have any friends who listen to the show?
You hang out in the wrong circles, Mr.
I hang out right people.
Too much time at the pizza loft.
Hang out with the right people.
I see.
Far right.
Right.
Yeah.
Not.
86 votes.
What's your take on the Hills Cross River with Hank
every morning at 10 o'clock?
Huh?
I love it.
49.
I hate it.
It's okay.
33.
I hate it for.
And it's too long so far.
We just put that on there.
But so far.
Oh, no.
Nothing.
We'll leave this up to about 12.
12.
12.
12.
5.
6.
7.
Maybe we'll get some commentary on this too.
Probably.
Some of those people want to take a cheap shot at somebody which
wouldn't be the first time.
That's our crowd.
Cheap shot artist.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Hey, I got a compliment and kind of a beef with you.
Go right ahead.
Okay.
Your entertainment portion of your show is on that, man.
Yes.
You're a screen.
It is absolutely next.
It is.
It's the best.
Okay.
Unfortunately, you're editorial.
I don't know how you get what you get out of the story.
Well, what does that mean?
They're slanted in twisted in other words because they're my opinions.
I don't know.
I was given somebody else's opinions and they wouldn't be slanted.
The benefit thing that you just played.
There's a whole thing in entirety which is great.
But then how you can say what you say after that doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
Very easily.
Very easily.
That's the way I was thinking.
Anything?
You looked at advocating a boarding black thing.
I say it on that.
First of all, the man is a big fan hypocrite who's got a compulsive gambling problem.
He's written a book about morality and about how everybody should behave.
Okay.
Who doesn't?
Who doesn't have a whole lot of thoughts?
Don't just wipe it away by saying who doesn't.
They didn't say that.
You're people who didn't say that about Clinton when you were talking about how you said.
I was with you.
I don't say that.
I just say it at a point.
What is the point?
Why would you wait a minute?
You're talking about it as soon as you're talking about it.
70% of the prison population.
Let me just tell you one thing.
You're not.
No, you're not.
And you only make up 20% of the money.
If I went on the year and I made a comment like that, no matter what the context, I wouldn't
be back on Monday.
Okay, Schmuck?
How could I possibly say that?
After what we went through just by playing some comedy bits that were obviously intended
to sat there and we practically got pulled out of this radio station a couple of years
ago.
And here's the guy that goes on here, no matter what the context is, why would anybody
make a comment like that?
That if all black babies were a board of the crime rate would surely go down.
I can't even imagine saying something like that on the year.
But here's the guy who isn't one of them, but he's defending the individual.
Defending the individual.
And then when I bring up Bennett's gambling problem, you see, this is, see, I'm an old
pervert.
Okay, an old pervert, Fag.
I'm proud of it.
I may go apologies for it.
I don't put myself about it.
Pedal still.
I'm like most of you people.
I got my foibles, my weaknesses all.
That's it.
I'm not preaching the rest of the world how you should live your life.
In fact, I believe mind your own business, DNA, stew no harm.
Just live your own life, don't hurt anybody and everything's fine.
That's it.
That's my philosophy.
But when you set yourself up as veteran everybody else like all these born again, holy
roars do.
And then it's come to find out just like your fat ass governor and his oldest functional
family, his drugged up family act.
And you find out this guy's got a compulsive gambling problem so serious that his wife is
threatening to blow his brains out.
And of course not to mention, Russian is pill-pop.
And after saying that all drug addicts ought to be like death row or whatever in hell he said,
pretty close to it.
Don't leave the phone freak out.
Yeah.
And then of course Bill O'Reilly.
You know, there's another good one.
I'll have every single time and I can think of some other ones to include some unmentioned
ones.
Every single time you find these finger pointers, whether they're talking about black people or
geese or whoever is the target du jour, come to find out you're looking at your own closet,
whether it's Ralph Bauman there in Maryland.
Every single one of them and it's turned out to be a full of belonging.
Bob Bauman, whatever he'll his name will write.
What about that living system?
Yeah, there's another one.
Pretty high.
How do we sign?
Henry and his hide that poor guy in Western over us, his wife, Henry hide,
he'll hide about even having a wife.
The whole thing.
And you know, just talk about hide.
That's what they do with it.
When the right wing is doing, they sweep it under the carpet.
If the president, if our former beloved president who wasn't perfect,
but it held up after what we got now, he's getting a little hanky, panky on the side.
Who the hell cares?
And then they went into a feeding frenzy with that.
They went crazy with that.
They humiliated an embarrassment degraded him with that.
And it wasn't anybody's business.
They all did it.
Nixon had his Chinese mistress and George Bush, the first had some thing going on over there
with some Japanese allegedly.
Not to mention the Kennes.
I mean you and Eisenhower, good old Ike.
Who the hell cares who they're ditto?
What does that have to do with anything?
But here's a guy who said, and by the way, we knew Clinton was a Philan.
Where everybody knew that?
Up up front.
They went on 60 minutes.
Him and Hillary, the whole thing about Jennifer Flowers.
I'm sure he lied a lot, but nevertheless, and the public still voted for him.
But when somebody stands up there, super more like Jimmy Swagrid,
there's another good one for you.
And the Jim Baker on and on the list is so freaking long.
All these goody-touches who was born again right winged,
hallier than now.
I'm going to tell you how to live jackasses.
These gas holes, man.
By the way, I fell in that way up there there.
It was good. Yeah, that was great.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low prices on the gas.
For those of our huge gas hole.
117 votes, but that guy got my blood boiler, okay?
I mean, I let him have plenty of time.
They started to get in hysterical and shrieking and yelling, but, you know,
how did he?
Yeah, he was laughing.
Well, whatever.
Maybe that was the whole purpose of the call, because nobody,
nobody serious could defend Bill Bennett.
Nobody.
By the way, they had Al Sharpton on there before hyperventilating.
And quite frankly, not as much as I thought he would.
What's your take on Neils Cross over with Hank?
126 votes.
School bus overturned in New York City.
There's some stuff going on there.
Anybody here?
No.
What's your take?
I love it 70.
It's okay 45.
I hate it 9.
It's too long too.
So 8.6% got some kind of a beef with it.
And the other 90s, some...
I mean, that's pretty overwhelming in this town.
I think we heard that.
Let's put a line on there.
It should be longer.
No.
Till, till like what?
So I would say that the noon would be great.
This is Neils Rockett, Hank, back on the phone.
How about once?
This is 5.60 Q.A.
Oh, don't tell me.
Oh, I don't have to.
Don't tell me that the audio hole crashed.
I find peace of equipment.
Well, just wait, you know, it's been coming back lately.
Bang on it.
Yeah, give it away at the studio.
Give it a little twist.
Call Shelby checker, give it a little twist.
I hear you.
He calls Steve.
If you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
Give you me the mic.
I can't say 12.
So 1 hour.
That!
Hello, I'm the General Manager of this radio station.
And today is Russia's Janna.
The Jewish New Year.
Almost in an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths.
We've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year.
Hey, hey, hit the million!
This album should be in every Orchardot rocker's collection.
Rolling stone just in five stars of David.
Who wrote the book of joy?
Star-carp of the synagogue.
New from Russia, shout it out.
Available in all records stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
So, pass over this album.
The hero.
Oh, hey.
Provo 2.560.
Even though that call was a yoke yoke call.
I've had so many of those over the years that were like serious.
You know, nearly a few were...
I stick to the fun and games and you're so entertaining and you're so much fun.
If you would just stop with a politics, people would like you so much better and you can get so much bigger ratings.
This show doesn't...
One thing we don't like for on this show is ratings and listeners.
Including a lot of those right wingers right now that are saying they're with their finger up each other's butt.
My favorite was the old guy that called you not too long ago.
Just a few months.
It said, why don't you ever give the contrary point of view?
Yeah.
Turn on Russia.
Okay, he's on right now.
Turn on Russian flush.
And turn on Belorayna this afternoon.
Somebody's got to because he's still got that point.
Oh!
And Florida market.
He's making a big dent.
Maybe he'll say falafel.
Or maybe he'll just...
Breathe heavy for a couple hours.
I'm here in 58 votes.
What's your take on Neel's crossover with the Humper?
I love it 81.
It's okay 15th.
So see your hand around in the wrong circles.
That's okay.
That's what it is.
What?
Well, there's no doubt about that.
You said that unless you hated it.
You just can't stand it.
Right.
Remember back at the hockey show day?
No.
You ripped me for months for daring to say.
No, but wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
If I were to put that pole on that...
Didn't we just do that few days ago?
Well, all the things Neel talked about what you hate the most.
And hockey was number one by mile.
Am I doing any hockey shows?
Do I even talk about hockey like maybe three seconds a day?
And most of that with my legs crossed?
The point that I'm trying to make.
Is now like then I was just passing along what they were saying.
Had nothing to do with my opinion.
But that was people calling the show.
Right.
Well, that was calling and saying, what the hell is he doing?
Why is he lost his mind?
Are you crazy?
The answer obviously was yes.
I think the long what I'm hearing has nothing to do with what I think.
I like doing the crossover bank.
When I do the show, I like Hank.
Why would I be trying to drive away?
In other words, when I'm not there, you do it?
Of course.
I didn't know that because I had a harness racing.
Yeah.
Harness racing.
No.
When the winter, how do I do a harness racing?
I mentioned one and it had nothing to do with what kind of racing it was.
I talked about Jackie Lee, who is the Mohawar David of race callers by the way.
And the fact that he blurted out of the Senate, he's got a can for a bit of a driver.
I think that didn't win a race for him.
That was called a show.
Hurray, you mother ep in son of a...
Yeah, that was great.
Nice going, Jack.
What's your take on yours, crossover with Hank?
164 votes.
We didn't take this down pretty soon.
I'm like about 1230.
I love it 83.
It's okay, 59.
I hate it 17.
It's too long five.
So a little over 10% on the negative side, about 90% and a positive side.
When you can get over 90% of this audience of South Florida say anything is good
that they like anything, you have made a major accomplishment, okay?
Showed up.
That would be like saying, what's, you know, what do you think of that?
It's, Hagen has banana nut.
See, I'm 90% say it's awesome, man.
Since Hank's...
No ice game top, no more, no moss.
If they are in the...
Sententially up to three hours anyway, I think that you guys should do the first hour together.
Look, I love Hank.
I love the crossover, but you know as well as I do that, when I've been in the middle of the show,
when I was doing the show in the studio, every time Hank came in there,
it brought the proceedings to a screeching halt because they're two different topics, two different audiences.
It works while at 10, because we're like, hey, we're like, hey,
in the process of changing gears, you see what I'm saying?
No, I don't know.
Between the sports nerd crowd and the between our, whatever, to help crap we do here every day.
Looted things.
Right.
And of course Hank can fit into either molder, he can either do the sports nerd stuff or just be a looted thing.
He didn't have to act much for, or just be a degenerate gambler.
So we'll take this poll, put the other one back on there about the humorless tight asses at the 1230.
So we're all over the place today, that's like three, three pulls in one day.
Ooh, man, I bet you even...
The brand norecross couldn't, well maybe.
Well you've done better than that.
Yeah, I have.
56670560, pound 5664, resident and sing it a wireless lines.
W-A-A-M, hello.
There is one of our really good calls.
Not as good as that last one before the end of the hour.
W-A-M, hello.
Wow, okay.
Can we continue?
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Good.
Just to remind that guy, don't forget to do the Arley and Luke Cambridge, among the other hypocrites,
that they're always criticized, everybody else, but they, so apparently they don't do anything themselves.
Uh-huh.
And that is the thing.
I mean, it's not that the Republicans don't do it and the Democrats do it.
The difference is that the Democrats, most of these people, they don't criticize other people.
They tell about how much better they are and do it.
You know, they don't say anything, they do it, but they don't say anything.
The Republicans, they have, they spend the whole time telling you how good they are.
There are no more Republicans.
The Republican Party is a thing of the past, but we have a fun, fundamentalist, fundamentalist, neocon crap.
That's taken over to Republican Party.
There are no more Republicans.
Yeah, let me add another point.
Yeah, it was like a, I don't know, a conference with the people from Iraq, all the generals.
And John McCain, I don't even exchange with the guy who just retired a general.
Yeah, written Myers-O.
Yeah, and, uh, and Myers-O.
So he does something to the effect of, uh, that people who started Vietnam and World War II don't understand this war.
And if you thought that can't have perfect cheek, you didn't understand that man.
I saw it. I've seen it.
You didn't notice it? I mean, he was going to his mouth.
Yeah, I thought his head was going to blow up.
Okay, good luck to you, Pallik.
Okay. Forward John McCain.
Let's see, look at this from New York.
A bus accident.
A bad bus accident.
You can see it here toward the center part of your screen and over to the school bus.
And they show you some pictures here of some of the injuries that have happened there.
Unfortunately, have been numerous injuries.
About 42 students were on board the bus when this happened.
No, I know who was driving that bus.
The same driver as the one that was driving a movie.
What was that film that was supposed to be so great with the in-home that I told you was so bad in South Dakota where he went up to represent the families of the kids that got killed in the school bus?
I don't know.
I told you, don't ever watch it.
You've got all kinds of academy want to realize that they might not watch it.
So if I don't find out.
No, don't watch it.
But I mentioned the broad that was driving that bus.
She's probably driving this one because at the end of the movie he sees her getting into a bus and driving a bus.
It's kind of don't watch it.
Don't waste your time.
I'd watch flowers in the attic and before I watch that.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good, pal.
Thank you, too, George.
Yeah.
Regarding that guy who called earlier, I think it's funny.
You know, he likes your entertainment.
But he doesn't like your editorial content.
Yeah.
And you know, it seems funny.
As soon as one of these right-wingers exposes what they really are, these people go ballistic.
They can't take it.
If it was a Democrat that said it or if it was a Democrat.
I don't know what he's all worried about because just like with Bill or Raleigh and with Rush and with all these other right-wingers, no matter what they do,
it blows over to matter of moments and the Valerie Plain thing is, you know, we talk about that anymore.
But if a Democrat goes out there and gets drunk or gets a hummer or something, right away we have impeachment hearings.
And a whole immediate just goes, Apechman.
And now we have the, another week is coming out of the vice president's office.
And now we have Cheney, Chief of Staff, and Carl Rhofe.
I mean, I don't know what more proof these people want.
This was Clinton or Gore presidency.
Right.
They would be foaming up the mouth from the Congress right now, demanding impeachment, demanding that.
Now, Bill Clinton would have taken us to a war, especially when we're involved in now a quagmire based on a bunch of lies.
He'd be on death row right now, guarantee you.
He would, and I don't know, it's so frustrating.
I'm getting out of here for a week now.
Design America, baby.
Okay, good luck to you.
We'll see you at the border, baby.
I'm getting out of a North America for a week.
Going on vacation in a week and a half, week from Monday.
George will be there to answer all your important questions.
That's right.
They don't want to get across over with Hank.
That's great.
You bet.
Well, how come you don't like what I do it?
I didn't say that.
I know you didn't.
I'm just saying that to everybody.
Let's see.
Here's the pool.
Who'd you like to see on an injustice for the court?
More conservative than it was about 30, 30, 30.
All the way across.
More conservative.
More liberal about the same.
All at a cable just screwed up again there.
That's bad.
By the way, something Hank would talk about drugs and puned like we did it.
I think it would be way more interesting.
So in other words, it's my fault because I always say,
well, you know what?
I mean, that's something Hank and I were all able to raise a gambling in the degenerates.
That's all.
I don't think we talked that much about gambling only about 80% of our conversation.
Maybe 90, just funny.
Yeah.
We're having a fine time.
You know, see, this is what I call making problems when they don't exist.
I think you're starting after all these years.
You're starting to get ready for radio management.
Think?
Because that's what radio management does better than anything at all is create problems where they didn't exist.
Well, I've had my good teachers over the years.
No.
I can think of one.
Yeah.
I can think of one who always was a screw with me.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
Yeah.
What's going to be a lot at nine?
Well, there's a nine thirty.
It was nine thirty over there.
There was nine over here, right?
Greg with his injury.
Of course, Greg.
I mean, if you're going to make that list, we don't have enough time left in the show today to make the list of all the stuff that the bone hit things he's done.
In fact, I really am shocked at that Sydney Rosenberg or whatever that is his name.
That they're talking to with the fan or the ticket.
I'm surprised he hasn't hired him yet.
It is something.
That's too late.
Yeah.
Maybe he can handle all those appearances at all those bars that we do, you know?
Like mad dogs at Hooters, he could be out there doing scores with mad dogs at Hooters.
Have a little pop now and then score with the mad dog.
Don't have a role right wing Nazi Republican mother.
For saying the only is bonnie who would turn in their own mother.
I'll let you're going to say that when it comes to your back as they make you board that training.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Well, it just ain't enough.
Just have run.
Feeling the airways with me.
The radio was permeated with the lights of Dr. Laura Bill Hendry and Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channels often clearly out to make the message clear.
In the right wing Nazi Republican mother.
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother.
For all the table talking idiots who wouldn't get any dumber.
That are not to whatever they are told to believe and worship George as their king.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Well, the Democrats who grab their pants like a child that is scary.
Booty have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
Absolutely.
And you could cover them done.
If they won't jolly their love.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Brothers who get indicative it isn't them a kidding that you see homer.
Just remember what I said when it comes to your back as they make you board that training.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother.
For all the table talking to me.
So what's it we're trying to say?
1218 at 560 W.
If you have my cables on that stuff again or not my TV though it's the cable.
Thank God.
236 votes on the pool and that's it.
Let's change the pool.
Let's go back.
Who's the most humorless tightness.
Let's go back to that one.
This is just an intermediate thing to prove that Georgia's full of crap.
Or at least the people that hangs out with their full of crap.
I bet you Miguel is one of those people.
No it's Greg and Mattie Bell and VL.
I bet you was Miguel.
Okay.
Oh I speak of Mattie Bell and I remember the call we had was yesterday.
We were in the day before about some Julio San and we got all these Julio's listening.
And how come it was back in the day when Mattie was our friend before you alienated him by ripping off that Ferris Rylem account.
How come back in the day he used to give us the like in the spring book.
Where's the Hispanic breakdown?
Why don't we have that?
We used to get it.
I don't know.
Maybe that's for it.
Huh?
Maybe you didn't ask for it.
Well let's get it.
Let's get it today.
Let's see how many Julio's we have out there listening.
I would say generally.
About 30 minutes.
Probably an overestimate.
I think we're really reaching with that.
Anyway what's your take on the Elz Cross over with Hank.
236 votes.
I love it.
126.
It's okay 78.
So between those two it's like 87%.
80.
Yeah.
I hated 23 under 10% and it's too long.
8 3.4%.
So generally speaking I don't think we have a major problem.
I mean we could have one of which we create.
One of which we'd be like oh yeah.
We've been up.
We can just continue along our merry way.
I think everything's just fine.
Things will not be fine.
No one 60 minutes here is this weekend.
Not in South Florida because it's going to be really.
Thank you.
Yeah.
A lot of foaming at the mouth going on.
Alien Gonzalez the Cuban boy at the center of an international custody battle five years ago.
It was in a new television interview that Cuban fiddle president fiddle caster was his friend.
But also that he hopes to see his family in Miami again.
Despite everything they did it was wrong.
There's still my family my uncles Gonzalez said the interview with CBS is 60 minutes which released excerpts today for the program.
There is this coming Sunday night Sunday night.
Alienito Gonzalez now 11 set off a set of my mom we know about that.
The boy was returning.
We know about that too.
Let's see.
It was also very moving to me and I believe I'm his friend.
In the years since he went back to Cuba.
Alienito has been treated as a hero in Cuba with castor attending his elementary school graduation.
Having him give a highly publicized speech this year on the fifth anniversary of the Miami raid.
The Miami family.
Remember that Miami family?
How's Maris Grisi asked doing by the way?
It was also very moving to me and I also believe I'm his friend.
Gonzalez said of castor and the interview he said it considers castor not only a friend but also as a father.
For your father the boy's aunt Angela Gonzalez told the associate of press on Thursday that she wasn't sure whether
what Alien said in the interview represented his true beliefs because of Cuba's controls on information.
He said family members in the US have been prevented from having any contact with the boy since he returned to Cuba.
We love him.
He's always on our minds and Angela Gonzalez who had US custody of Alien whose former home was the site of the federal raid in 2000.
In the interview Alienito Gonzalez folded some of his US role as actions during this time in Miami.
They were telling me bad things about my father.
They were also telling me to tell my father that I did not want to go back to Cuba.
I always tell them I did want to go he said.
He also said he had a hard time sleeping while in Miami.
Well who doesn't?
I would have nightmares and my uncles would talk to me about my mother.
It was better not to remind me of that because it terminated me.
I was very little he said.
Ramon Sanchez, oh we know him Ramon Sawhool Sanchez isn't that his name?
I guess.
Yeah don't you remember the one who was out in the boat?
He was like always out in the boat somewhere.
All right. Yeah that's it.
Ramon Sanchez founded the Cuban Esaul Group Democracy Movement said he and other Cuban Americans believed that
Arian is under the control of the government in Cuba.
Obviously what we've seen after he was sent to Cuba is exactly what we feared.
He was going to be subjected to the control of the regime and that he would be brainwashed Sanchez.
It's very hard to determine that if it's his own opinion or not.
Thank goodness he wasn't getting brainwashed while he was in Miami.
Remember?
That would never happen.
The planes, the planes take me back to the...
No that's not what you mean Alienito.
You mean that was a plane?
I hope it's not going to take me.
Remember that?
Yeah I do.
Look at this mold.
You...
Yeah thank God my cables all messed up still so I'm not seeing it like that.
Oh oh.
Let me just tell you right now if you got mold and mildew in South Florida you got some real
surrester.
It makes you really...
It's a really bad bad stuff.
A lot of people think that they have bad colds and stuff and it's those awful allergies
because of the mold and mildew man.
Florida is rampant with it.
It's all over the place in the humidity.
It is nasty crap.
And all these people in Orleans they came back.
If they even had a house left and there was something there just loaded with mold and
mildew man.
I forgot that set fired those things.
Oh boy that stuff is so toxic.
It's almost like working in radio.
It's toxic.
How is Joel Feinberg doing by the way?
He's just fine fine.
He's fine fine.
Oh we're fine.
Okay we got the other pull back up.
Nice job Eric man.
He is really doing it today isn't he?
We put him under a lot of stress and you tell me he's not even listening.
You know the one thing about George man his friends they'll listen to the show here.
The people don't like to cross them or would hang when I do it when George does it they'd
like it but when I do it they don't like it.
And I have to type the commands in there for everything that he did on the pull.
What do you know about that?
Because he's on the phone all day he can't listen to the show everything that got switched.
He's on the phone doing what?
Business I'm sure.
Get out of here he's ordering Chinese are you crazy?
Possibly.
Business wise.
Who is the most humorous tie that it's just relax out of you.
Is he uptight today Josh or is it my imagination?
Hello high strong for a little bit high strong today I would agree with that.
The most humorous tie that's probably because I'm going on vacation a week from Monday and
he's going to have to do a week's worth of these shows and I wouldn't blame him.
Damn it.
Most humorous tie toastic chaining 115 nobody can touch dick.
Mohawar David is 42 Barbara Bush 27 and coder 19 Christopher Hitchens 19 very bonds 18 Osama 15.
Louis Farrican 12 Sean Penn 10.
Condoleezza 7 Bill Frist 5 Larry King 4.
Don I miss 3 Jim Cantori finally got 3 when they figured out who he was.
Bono's got a pair finally Chuck Hessens got 2.
Pat Robertson 1 Martha Burke is got 1 and Bill Bennett is got none.
Bill Bennett's got oh and you know something they haven't got any idea who he is.
I don't know I thought he was that funny.
Out of sight out of mind.
Yeah real real card.
Oh maybe like to play cards with it WQ I am hello.
I'm trying to court.
No okay good keep trying WQ I am hello.
Hey Neil how you doing buddy.
Pretty good.
Good first of all that be a great poll all the hypocrites the biggest hypocrites ever was.
I'd be a great frighty poll to do so it's on there for the weekend.
Okay.
Second I think you know the great entertainment on the radio better than Stern.
I really mean it I mean you just tell it like it is and I think I have one problem with your show my friends.
What is that?
Let's hear it.
I drive up and down 95 all day long big deliveries in my truck and every once in a while I have to turn it down to go up.
Remember I do a traffic jam because your show is on QAM is the only time they don't do a traffic update like every half hour.
You know what is what's it take 15 minutes to do a little traffic update.
Those guys who are on the road all the time don't have to turn the dollar away from your show.
Yeah but what kind of traffic update is there between 10 and 2 I mean really.
There's a lot of accidents in the afternoon.
You're in a jam and you want to find out where it's at.
You got a job 95.
Get a real 441 in the university.
I mean 15 seconds you know I think I could spot that my dress makes your show a little shorter that's all.
Well that sounds good.
Anything I make you a shirt or sounds good to me.
That's 15 seconds an hour man.
Okay we will work on it.
We will work with our crack news department to see what we can do sir.
The fact that I mean it's department mostly our right doing crack.
I don't think like clearance probably has a crack problem I would like to know that's what the beast said.
Anyway that's something to think about I think probably not but what's that.
Well don't forget we're going to get that news wire in or we're going to have the wire.
If I didn't have the dough they just got the cable back on.
If I didn't have the TV and you didn't have that one there we would have any clue what's going on.
The local worldwide nationwide you know if I didn't have the internet here see one thing people maybe don't realize
and I'm not looking for a pat on the back I'll do it myself thank you.
Is that during the show every single break every break really is most breaking unless I'm taking a leak break.
I'm on the internet and I'm looking like I've got like four or five standard ones where they might have something breaking news like local
the Sun center or the hair odor like CNN and see if there's something that might be of interest to the public.
And now granted it's not a news station and we don't want to be too nosy for that New Yorker guy why are you so nosy you know.
But if there's something going on like when Robert Scott confirmed yesterday we had a 70-80-22 we had a list of the Democrats who sold out whatever.
Some people might want to hear about that maybe not many but 30.
So what's wrong with that nothing so we we have made our own this show exists primarily because of those of us who are there's four of us.
Okay there's me and George and Josh and Bokobry that's this show am I right yeah.
Five of us there's Eric but he's on the phone all day and I won't listen to the show so like I said there's four of us.
There used to be five but he's busy ordering their chinks.
Hey Eric get with it sweetheart.
He's listening I don't know why you say that he's he's he's he's on top of these things.
I have to say that I'll get all Ben out of shape he gets real silly either you're earlier easier than you do.
He's so easy huh.
People who are easy to get to I don't want to say.
And you're the one that got him all Ben out of shape and you know something I salute you for doing it.
Because if anybody would have me if anybody deserved it man when that guy came to town I had never even laid eyes on him before or his muskrat.
Right that's it.
You already were given the load and you were giving me the mode.
The mook down that's new label.
Yeah.
How did you sleep last night in a recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation.
Fewer than half Americans be pocketing good night sleep most nights.
One of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable supportive mattress like a new Simmons V2S queen set from our good friends at Dylematrice.
This Simmons V2S features individually pocketed coral so you won't feed your partner thrashing around her in the right now.
Price it's just 599 bucks.
This is for limited time only so pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress right now and tell me what the special Neil deal.
The Simmons V2S for just 599 bucks plus a portion of every Dylematrice purchase is being donated to her came Katrina relief fund.
When you call 1-800 mattress you'll get same day delivery all across South Florida like always.
Like calling that number 1-800 mattress you choose from the deepest selection.
You still pick the date and time for limited figure schedule any day seven days a week.
A two hour window like noon to two one to three two to four four forty five to six forty five.
And Dylematrice shows up on time 9-9.7% of the time.
I've used him for a long long time and you ought to be doing the same like most of the folks at QAM.
Log on to mattress.com or pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress right now.
You can have a great night's sleep starting as soon as tonight if you make the call now on a great new bed from Dylematrice.
The easy piece to shop it instead of schlepping all over town and wasting time in that expensive gas.
Call 1-800-MATTRES leave out the last as because it stands for stew pandas savings.
This is new Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
This is a new one.
Don't go don't go.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
No one cares it's free.
It's hard.
No one cares it's fine.
It's tough.
No one cares how it's a start.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh yeah.
Jesus is doing all right.
All right.
Woo.
Jesus is doing all right.
Jesus thinks it's the same thing he is doing rolls over faces in lifting meds in smith TV and Se Buddhism TV.
Come on.
Jesus can have this Fredin Readland.
Jesus, look!
That was 2 minutes.
Prop 3327 at 1 in 560 W and have me Friday to you. It's September
About 30 is what it is and tomorrow's October 1 and if somebody takes your parking spot like I said before if you go to the ATM to take out some cash
And there's somebody there who looks really menacing and threatening we're just gonna see like an evil eye
Just always crap away because starting tomorrow October 1 in Florida. You can just about the waiting and don't worry about it
We're gonna like it like a parking ticket or something
But it goes about it gun shopping for the whole family
There you go
We tied general says the rack invasion was a strategic disaster. How do you like that? Why are you slanting that way? Yeah, hey call up Russian
Riley and say what are you gonna put talk about the other side the other side of killed off that and the other side of a mechanism's
pornographic phone calls
The invasion of a rack was the great
Seriously when the numbers come out again on them
Did we get the Hispanic numbers in the spring book yet? I would have thought muffled a rush right in with that
No, I don't I think they're all out to lunch
Yeah, you know that's for damn sure the invasion of Iraq was the greatest strategic disaster in US history of retired army general
Said yesterday strengthening an effort in Congress to force an American withdrawal beginning next year
Retired army lieutenant general William Odomay van on veteran said the invasion of Iraq alienated America's Middle East allies
Making an harder to prosecute war against terrorists the war in Iraq has made the war against terrorism the Phantom
Or against terrorism
Useless the US should withdraw from Iraq he said and reposition its military forces along the Afghan Pakistani border to capture or some of it
Lodden and crush al-Qaeda cells. Oh, why would we want to do that?
There are no stem cells the invasion of Iraq
I believe it will turn out to be the greatest strategic disaster in US history said Odom now a scholar with the Hudson Institute
Remember Henry Hudson remember Hudson's department store in Boston. Yep, homeward bound a member that son by a Simon and Garfunkel
Yes, homeward bound by partisan resolution with 60 housecoasters including all Massachusetts representative Marty Mean
Request president Bush to announce plans for a draw down by December and begin with drawing troops by October of next year
I love that song me to the measure is not been voted on or is the House Republican leadership scheduled hearings
But supporters were encouraged yesterday pointing to growing support among moderate conservatives and the public's rising dissatisfaction
With the war with a murder in the mayhem in the bloodshed and lies and the dead bodies
Me and one of the first of pose a tiered exit strategy back in January when two of his democratic colleagues dared to wait in the
Controversial debate because there are a bunch of whooses
Spinalist cowards pointed to enormous progress
Talking about this issue having hearings on this issue getting more Americans to focus on it will result at a change of policy
Me and totally low will son the journalism commanders on the field in Iraq overwhelming
They are saying we need less in terms of occupation and more Iraqis up front
And that's the only strategy. I think that'll result in getting American troops back home. He'd be saying nice
Can I tell you
369 votes on the humorless tight ice pool and nobody's gonna touch dick-tainey make no mistake about it
He's out there all by himself the penguin line nine WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, sir. All right today pretty good
I was just thinking about your pull here. The hope has got to be the biggest my land
Yeah, well been a dick. Is it now or the whole yeah, yeah, Pope paparazzi and the Nazi right and yeah
The other thing I was going to the point I think
She has got to be the most lonely drug-dub miserable bitch on earth. I mean, you know you look at it
And she's got that plastic separate wife face all the time right?
Just you know abused
Hidden use of a prop
Yeah, what would be great if she came out and did a tell-all
Explosive yeah, they're gonna happen just like me. Oh Bush's ex-wife in that book that she wrote under penalty of death
What I just you know these guys and the only good
White at the end of the tunnel is they're starting to eat their own in the beautiful
Yeah, it is great. It's all all the chickens are coming home to roast down man. All right, man
I'll go we can say out of the kernel
As the war in Iraq goes on Barbara star. That's a guy
You know I just finally figured it out. You know the Pentagon correspondent on CNN. Are you watching CNN? Yes, I am that's a guy live news conference to
Penn second you hear the voice man other women with some like the voices, but that that's definitely a guy really
5 6 7 0 5 6 you could check and fight out pound five six in the or maybe she's from Brazil
That might be it's kind of hard to tell there w. Q. A. M. Hello
Hi Neil yes sir please tell Josh. I'm on a channel main this way to go to consent them
W. Q. A. M. Hello
Ming Ming Ming hi Neil it's Eric by the way not Josh did so picking up. Yes sir
What can we do for you besides mental health what we got a couple of colors ago
So that he thought that your program you drove around a lot inside your program be better if you have a traffic
I got to yeah, I think you should have like a live
Doppler service so that we can know where it's raining and where it's not
Yeah, that would be hot and cold. I think it's a great
You fast 70 Q. A. M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey talking about kind of
Clean, so far you're doing a voice
Oh, what is it? The queen and Prince Charles put them on the pole. No good ones. Yes the British Royal family
We don't have to put an alley individuals the British Royal family
Actually because you can't because there's a what's his name the husband? I can't think of what his name is the husband at what the Queen's husband
Oh, I don't know Prince Philip. Okay, I mean the whole for the Gatsomershbacher man there are all very human listen up tight and very
Oh Prince Charles is a laugh right? Yeah, he's a panic. It's serious and all of his speech is always
Throw a few jokes out there. Why because he's got those big ears and he looks like he's gonna take off in a flight any second
Is that what's so funny about him? No, or is it the kills? Is it the kills in the law that's not pretty much is that what it is?
You know seriously that just kills me that whole thing man the Scottish
I
Tell the story on the ear. I know I told you about that time a year or two ago
I was with a friend of mine at Amsterdam and we got on the and instead it's I don't know why the hell I did it was
All it was kind of entertaining instead of taking the train from Central Station the airport out upon leaving we took the
The bus the air but it's the KLM bus that goes from hotel to hotel and picks you up and takes you to the airport and
It was entertaining because there was a bunch of scotsman on there and they weren't speaking English not even Scottish English, but they were speaking
What is the language? Yeah, look is it is a gala? I'm just guessing that's what the Irish that's traditional
I think it's gay like huh the traditional Irish language is gay like well
I don't know what the hell they were but that they were speaking some other and they were the silliest bunch of
It was just unbelievable just bizarre so that whole thing with the British Isles man the British Isles give me piles trust me
What we like right Hudson he's an Australian isn't he no man? Where is he from he's from Newcastle which is right on the border between
Because I've spoken to him
There
They all talk about soccer technically the Ringland but they sound Scottish because they're right on the border there and
I'll be doing they like we'll be like right Hudson is a endless and there's a couple of good brits
Believe me. I've known one or two have you oh yes in the
Family way 384 I'm a different set how's it going 384 who's the most humorless tight ass other than George
16139 Mohawar divided 53 Barbara Bush 33 and quoted 26 very bonds 24 Christopher Hitchens
You've got to know who he is you'll see him 19 Louis Ferrican 17
Osama Yamama's got 16
Condoleez at 12 she is a laugh right man. She's a panic. She's almost as funny as Catherine Lamford
John Taylor 11 dill fist has got nine Don I'm a seven Jim can't three four Larry King for now you play it
Pat Roberts and two bill little Bennett's got a pair and I have a finger gonna get sliced off pretty soon good
Martha virtue
Bono's got a pair Chuck Heston to the British Royal Family and the Pope just both went on there that's a call all Nazis
This is by 16
Talk about your death long president
Oh you ain't kidding
Goodbye George you got a go me oh my oh
You gotta go home push the bad on the bio
But you sure who quick when it came to sick cherry shallow
Sun above Bush is a foot in your tush now say goodbye yo
I got it while people drown you played a round of relaxing golf
He was on vacation I already is another couple of key that's ever been though
And no one can't do even prepare for the worst scenario
You were the one busy having fun and that's a no no
You investigate at a later date that's real bullshit
So I think it's interesting to once that
But you can't lock up so we don't continue
But no one will get blamed like with agent playing no hands will roll
Of course and as for this to be a slap on the wrist and no charges file
What a surprise is your a liar no one gets fired with each new mess oh
Nobody a new get all a slip into polls. That's no problem. Oh
That's it your spin the she will deal with new world
Means because that's their job oh as per usual
Sun above Bush is a foot in your tush
You're an old
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands, but what no brain
I'm a problem song you made it obvious that these can most of us you have no shame oh shame what's that and what's with that
You stupid jerk when people have died oh
Son of both beach you should be in beach then we mean front
Tell us all the favor and get the
You're here
Yes, I guess anyway, I got the alien, but I can't get the speaker close enough to my TV
Okay, how come it sounds like it's feeding back, don't I don't know does it well wait a minute. Let me give it a shot
See you great because you could play it too
Even though he calls their actions wrong is in more than five years since the boy went back to Cuba
That's a good any other
You're old most of the time I think everyone has
Father most notably is trying very hard to keep his life as normal as possible so they can
Just like another 11-year-old. I think that's what he that's five silent later on in here. We want to eat this
Because everybody knows we is everybody knows his name everybody knows his face
Obviously he's changed a lot since we had seen him last which is five years ago, but the face is still the same
You're the same domain
He's more grown up, but still the same kid who came ashore Thanksgiving 1999 spent five months in Miami before being seized by
Related to the old man up the day before Easter
The night that these soldiers came to get you very scared
So
I know I was sleeping and then I woke up and suddenly I sent something strange
They hit me in the closet
He's out of the closet he sent this whole image was being around the world
I felt afraid because I thought that we were going to school to do something to me
I
Was risked away by a special agent and you're all too
I
Thought joy
It was a very confusing time and he says not a very happy time
So he says he really wanted to be in school with his with his mates with his friends and
He didn't like being cooped up in the house
He became something of a prisoner for all sorts of reasons. I mean there was so many people around the house all the time
It was cooped up in the house. He just wanted to be out and wanted to be in school with his friends
Not like that even without those happy meals. It was okay. Yeah, he's well fed. He's got gel in his hair
Who you see that's got product? Yeah, that's all that piece they showed it on the other news
Well, you're right people didn't hear it and we just did a great few of service there by playing
So don't forget 60 minutes. I need to go this Sunday
It's gonna be a lot of those green to people all upset like Rolesol
Rolesol
Sour Sanchez and you're right. You're a feeding backer. That's a weird sound coming out of that
Well, but if you could see what I was doing there
I'm holding the speaker like halfway across the room. It's a I my cord needs it to be untied right
We would like to we'll get you a webcam so we can see what you're doing no you won't
426 votes on a pull by the way see where we can a little comeback now after that first bag
Polar Josh came up with well, you know
He's always got to get the guys on there before me you were out taking a do-in-a-duce and I said to Josh
He came in this morning. I said I said your check is in the mail and like that
Well, he didn't want it. He was actually jumping. That was the noise that I made
But if you saw the fist pump over here. Yeah, yeah, he was fist pumping
I didn't tell him how much it was the where the decimal was. I can always change it
And he just I don't know what his story is, Matthew. I think we're spoiling him a little bit
I think he needs a little bit of the rough treatment
Okay, stick him on the overpass this weekend with beener boy
Oh, yeah, and hit him over the nog in a couple of times
Maybe we can get him to hit the floor too
If they show I wouldn't stick with beener boy for the rough treatment
I'm trying to remember I'm trying to erase it from my memory. Where was I was I?
How were you doing the show when that happened? Yeah, you were on vacation. Oh, I was on vacation
Well, thank God for that. I sure know how to pick a baby
Yeah, and then I had to come here and do a show right poor beener boy like collect right there on the floor
I can't imagine what that could have been
Anyway, and as I was just saying the only moments ago and ad campaign by gun control advocates is warning
Floridians about the new law that allows victims to shoot first and self-defense, okay?
And that's all it says about that. I'm sure there must be something else that's in a herald
That's not the only law that hits the books tomorrow another 33
Three rules and regulations go into effect here is one to remember it says your friends at the herald
Fines for running red lights will increase from 60 to 125 bucks
The initial money will go to medical centers that treat trauma victims
So in other words when you run the light and you like
Runes somebody's life and turn them in like Swiss cheese
The extra money will go to like keeping them alive
Other new laws that take effect in Florida tomorrow prohibit intentionally harming dogs or horses used by police
Firefighters or searching rescue teams offenders must pay for the medical treatment or a new animal if it can no longer perform its duties
Require that drunk drivers
Would suspend it or revoke licenses renew their vehicle registration every six months rather than every year
Once they can drive again a lot prosecutors to charge in the same with murdering an unborn quick child in some cases when a pregnant woman is killed an
Unborn quick child
What does that mean maybe I suppose to a slow child? Oh previously a person who kills a pregnant woman could only be charged with manslaughter for the death of her
Feetus the law doesn't define quick child the courts have said it's when the mother can feel the fetus moving
I said got it got it requires cigarette importers and manufacturers to get a permit and paint any will fee of a hundred bucks in an effort to curtail
I'm awful trapping of untouched faggots a recent reports a legal cigarettes were the top seized products in the USA and
Increased the penalty for drag racing from a second degree for first degree mr. Meanor offenders could spend time up to one year in jail for the first time
They could caught and lose their cars the second time most laws passed earlier this year to affect your life first
But these take effect tomorrow including the new law that allows victims to shoot first and self-defense if you see
It looks dangerous lowest crap away you don't ask any question
It gives you like the evil eye
Somebody press it like muscle in front of you in the line at the supermarket
It's like if the drugstore and it looks like they're gonna take your drugs
That's it. Hey your questions asked did you not get a copy of the flyer that the Brady Bill people are handing out because I can't know
I did not all right. How would I get that? I just figured it was part of that story because it's all over my Yahoo
I'll fix it right to you. Well, thanks to me. I'm not gonna be getting that. I'm so out of touch
You know, I know that's what Tom is better. You were that's why a friend Tom jikus is about a touch
Hey Tom touch this touch this ballie you silly
Keeps right in those boilerplate articles about this TV show and that TV show
I'll tell you one thing those Hollywood people sure get their money's worth from winding and dining that geek
Somebody buy Tom a radio, okay?
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Training East Ilya temperatures 93 and the traffic is light. Okay. Thanks for that. Thanks as junior calling in with the traffic and weather report
Traffic and weather together well. I'm trying to if there's one thing I can't stand it stations that use it traffic and
Went it together. What does that mean? Well it really together my ass. Oh, I hate that. W.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir
You think you're barking up the wrong tree man. Yeah, what kind of a dog is that?
Oh, I like those. Okay, go ahead
Okay, well, we don't want to hear it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
But I tell you one thing this is in core here at Friday and make no mistake about it. No wonder see these people are getting ready for tomorrow
Okay, in fact a lot of these people have called today if you see them over the weekend
That's it
You have our permission and your fat ass governor. He'll get you off the hook for old times sake. No problem
W.A.M. Hello
Neil is the O.G. original Godler
W.A.M. Hello. I like when he didn't announce himself. I like him a lot better W.A.M. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
You know, I have a remark and one for the poll. Yes, first of all
I'm your crossover. Yes, I like track talk and the trouble with these young punks is I've never heard of Damon
Yeah, you know you ought to take their eye
Bull
My dad I think we don't know a bunny if they got one on their big toe. Okay, what's for the poll?
Prince Albert of Monaco
Oh, yeah, but I do like his tobacco
This is five sixty
We got it. It's got the right. We're not in Belkettika slapping all women with painted lips around the pool
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers here and balance one to two hours
All right
When Bill O'Reilly's dial in sure is
Where in pants
He'll tell you if you like your job
Then you'll give
And if you tell
You're not looking
To be
He'll do the pants right off you
And for you an extortionist
All the factors fair and balanced
But not when he falls at night
He's looking for a lassie
Who likes it a little to the right
When Bill O'Reilly's morning sure it ain't
So when Bill O'Reilly's dial in
You best not pick up your phone
I'm dialed over here nobody says I'm dialed over here
101 at 560 swimming with his face from Al first of all
I don't know why it's his question only not for broadcast why would we is this a secret or something first of all no
I mean maybe there's no such thing. There's no such website is going to be on here
We don't have any auxiliary or that's a pop-up that happened to him right a pop-up from MS now if you'd be using
If you'd use
Mozilla Firefox instead of Internet Explorer you wouldn't begin all those pop-ups
Okay, because when you use Explorer you get all pop-ups all over the place
So no there is no such a website affiliated with us. Thanks a lot Al for carrying so much carrying out this and you're very best
We don't charge people to read the material on our website or like to look at it or squeeze it or whatever
Yeah, that whole concept it's just like these
I'm not gonna go into it. Why even bother? New Orleans police-based looting probe four New Orleans police offices have been
Suspended one has been reassigned over allegations of looting in the chaos of post-terricane Katrina according to police superintendent Warren Riley
The city's police department is investigating reports at least 12 police officers may have gone on a looting spree
And the days after this storm hit I wonder what bill Bennett would have to say about that
There is zero tolerance for misconduct or unprofessionalism by any member of this department said Riley
I wonder if he's keen to rick Riley promising swift that a slice of action against violators the officers are released to have taken
Not well, you know how I got rid of that ring on the phone on the thing there. Yeah
I'll take it one thing. I'm pretty effed. I know again. I'll pat myself on the other side of the back
Pretty good at this stuff now put together the whole studio. I mean that you know fact
The Julio came up here and removed I got to say that and they put this whole thing together after our good friends from the
Station here put it all in put together, but now it's pretty much like I'm like a do-it-yourself for radio station
What do you mean? I'm down here and get this file to print. No
No, you could have put a period after the come down there thing. Let's see. What is this say?
Oh, well, what a nice guy. What a nice message that is thanks a lot Steve
I'm sure you're not listening, but thank you so much. See there are some nice people in Florida. Where?
I'm not telling you at any rate. That's some good news. I just got on the facts machine and you don't gonna find out
I'll tell you a Monday morning. It's nothing important. I mean it is to me, but it's not to you
Just just a little piece of good news
Anyway, the officers are let's do take an unessential items like TVs or jewelry or if not the or to not affected against looting
The more than two thousand men and women of this agency standing I did not letting a very small segment of members
Tarnished the great reputation of this department where I said he had a they should be commended for 30 days
Women is challenges also yesterday right to call the reports and some 250 officers didn't report for work simply not true
He said list of those officers was being examined or identified as there is along with that somewhere on the job for the off the
Jump of legitimate reasons when we lost telephone service and radio communication some officers were stranded on their rooftops for four or five days
stranded narrators around the water due to rising water or displaced see this is the problem everybody wonders jumped a rush to judge me
You know rush to judgment. Oh, they didn't show up. They must be screwing off. They must have abandoned
They were all these things what they don't realize is that cops and like a lot of other people are human beings too
And they got the same problems that needs they have needs. Okay, once they came for them off and they're starting again
They have needs just like everybody else. I sure hope they're using body wash
I wouldn't have been nice thing to bring in there. They were probably a loot and some of it now seriously
When you think that would be a nice thing for some of these big companies palm olive and all these others to send in a bunch of body wash
You don't want to use soap in that environment
I could have a truck of it delivered take a tanker truck and send a whole bunch of and just stick along you
It's like smeared all over everybody some body wash
They can look people like run under it. Just like we let Bill Bennett run under a Mac truck would be good
462 votes on I'd pull the biggest the most humorless tight ass and we got some very good names on there too a lot of tight asses around
Doug Thompson of the Capitol Hill blue you're very favor calm to stuff
I think I think he's moving into your top five anyway all the time. He's good a sick dying elephant
He writes today and he happens to be as usual
That giant saw and he don't think about his coms. They're not real long
They're not ponderous. They don't have a lot of like air real fancy words in him
He tells it just the way it is you know he pulls no punches right that's my favorite part
Yeah, is that I don't have to look up words. He just gets right to it man
In fact you when you start reading bedtime stories on the iron when you do the show
Well, why not? I guess you don't want to piss off Miguel is that it? Yeah, that's it
You want to have a falling out with Miguel with your phone in there fumble and stumble from Chicago right that giant sucking sound
You hear his air escaping from the collective blowhards also known as the Republican party
He writes deflation is a natural occurrence when bloated egos and arrogance get out of control
The GOP's bubble had to burst and indictment of the party's chief crook the bribe taking vote selling house majority leader Tom Delay
Provided a pin prick that's in all that Republicans hot air cascading through the halls of power
Delays indictment is far more than just enabling of another corrupt politician
It's a signal as GOP dominance in the capital may be an endangered species
Assigned at 11 years of running rough shot over the constitution allowing extreme elements to run the party and
Ericomely thinking they're above the laws of the nation and decency are over. Oh, wouldn't that be great
Just a few months ago Republican arrogance wrote high in Washington Bush won reelection not much for what he did right before John Kerry did wrong
And Republicans in the House and Senate pledged to ran Bush's accumulation of political capital down America's throat no more
Bush's political agenda looks like the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina is losing Iraq war
Leads a growing list of liabilities that has other Republicans scrambling for political cover the president's blank check spending policies
Have pushed the deficit to record levels and the Republican run congress has done its part passing a poor
Lead in transportation bill that'll keep America drowning in red ink and bacon fat for generations red ink and bacon fat
Mmm, what a breakfast ink and bacon
Bush's law social security reform plan is DOA which is no great loss
His plan unworkable from both practical and political viewpoints never addressed the real problem facing the program
America remains locked in its most senseless losing worsens fear non and the Hurricane Katrina debacle provided a
Prove the government's stack with political hacks cannot function in times of crisis
Poll show Bush's job approval ratings have record low as most Americans want the country out of Iraq
And do you have any confidence in either the president or the Republican controlled congress to the few remaining supporters of the GOP's failed policy
The Tom delay indictment for criminal conspiracy feels like piling on kicking a sick dying elephant when it's down on his knees
Too bad the well-deserved indictment of a known political crook is not the end of the GOP's problems
Senate leader Republican leader Bill Frist faces investigation for unloading his hospital corporations
Foc in an insider training view the same kind of fat cat accident landed Martha Stewart in the slumber the grand jury investigation of the White House outing of covert
C.I. operative valery plane who just happened to be the wife of an administration critic may end with indictments of at least two senior
Administration officials can you say scooter Libby arrogance has a way of bringing payback in Washington the Democrats got theirs in
1994 when 40 years of arrogant leadership of Congress brought out enough voter anger to hand both the House and Senate over to the GOP
Republicans you have to study history learned from the Democrats mistakes
But they too fell under the spell of Washington's madness of power abandoning all the promises from the so-called contract with America and proving that the elephant can be just as big a jackass as a donkey
Republicans may find a way out of a morass, but I doubt it the failed experiments policies of the GOP and the rabid right wing that controls the party
Have plunged American to an ever-expanding sinkhole when the president of the U.S. calls a bribe taking corrupt politician like Tom delay a good friend and effectively to
In Congress, you know the Republican Party is it's currently organized is beyond hope or redemption and deserves every vital thing that can and should happen to it
Oh, I like this guy so much
They deserve it baby. They got it coming
Stick it to him. I want to see you this facts me this thing about the shoot first law
Thinking about a Florida vacations got a picture of the state of Florida there which if you turn it sideways
It looks like two things one of which we can't say the other
Done they don't have to turn it sideways. It's a nice grip right there. Oh, I see there he goes again
I'll go right there. Where you stop man, but I need to have a conference with you and Joyce. Oh, I'd love that
Thinking about a Florida vacation question mark. Please ensure your family is safe
A new law on the sunshine state authorizes nervous or frightened residents. I thought that said red next for a minute red
Well residents to use deadly force in other words
In Florida avoid this field
Special caution in arguing with motorists on Florida roads
Police and prosecutors are concerned about the potential for unnecessary violation
This is the Brady campaign
Travelers be and that's not Tom Brady travelers be very aware of Florida's shoot first law shoot first law.org
Is the website and you know the Brady campaign there which is kind of like a piece of the American site that does look like the patriots
logo on your own uniform show it's right huh? I'm not gonna you own Josh you show it to him. Hey speaking of Florida panthers
Yeah, I got my
My credential for some reason. Yeah, he can go really back on now hang out at the games
So it was you don't need my tickets you can go in here and you can hang out with your ones. Oh, you know
It doesn't settle into a seat that oh it doesn't know what about it in our first we have we have that box up here
Right. Yeah. Yeah. I look. I mean, you're some tickets. Just realized this see get him to check this morning
That wasn't good enough right away
Okay, and now you know
He's got it. You see spoiling man all the free food all the stuff
I guarantee that the Marlins don't take care of the way we do
He's got to pay for his food up and have stinking press box to watch him lose 11 to water every day
Am I right you got to pay for the food up there seven bones and the better the best part of it is that the food sucks
That's the worst part well
We don't want to get that we don't want games suspended like the Humper you can't complain about the food in the stadium
Wayne will get pissed off well
Guess what we don't really care because Wayne don't own the panthers Wayne don't own the Hurricanes Wayne don't own anything that we got on our radio station
No more last time I checked as he don't own the Marlins so screw Wayne screw you Wayne you jackass you simple then you fair
What else for his kid so tired of him oh Neil Rogers will never be on wq a and because he
Are criticizing his way hard zenga and wait will never put up with that right and they'll lose the dolphins
You know the reason we lost the dolphins is because Greg read decided not to pay for an half million dollars
Year to flood you down a toilet and they put the Howard Stern show on which and that that was about the only blessing in that whole
Dear you know what plus the fact we got the work like two and after the hours every day
Yeah, miss those days. Oh, you know what Ralph Donner said you don't know what you got until you lose it
Man was he right did he ever summer I think he's dead let's play that song. Let's see which version of that one's better for today
He'd take yesterday or I thought that was fun Marvin Gaye and Ben whatever's name is hard. I thought that was fun
Hardly
They hit anything that's just you know it's not their music and it's you know all it's not a music show
We don't like that. We don't like that song anyway. We hated we don't like that mode town
I wonder if Bill Bennell likes motown
They'll ask you know we have to see a lot of summer between him and mo
Dooddo dooddo dooddo
In fact, you know they changed the name of a used to be Miami in our since somebody came to town
Dooddo dooddo dooddo it's called Motown
The way I don't want to hear that again when you stop please please
Man no wonder your wife hates you like poison 479 votes
What is the most who is the most humorous title as Dick Cheney 168?
Moe Howard David in 72. He's the guy that invented Motown.
Marble Morse 36 and quarter 32. Barry von 31. Christopher Ritchens 21.
Kanda Lee's is moving up a little bit 19. Osama Yamama 18.
She moved ahead of Osama. Louis Farrakhan 18. 17.
Sean Penn 13. Bill Fist 12. Donheim is eight. Larry King eight.
The British Royal family without the R. The British Royal family six.
Pat Robertson for Jim Cantoray for the Pope Scott three.
I thought he only had a pair. Uh, Bono's got three Chuck Heston three.
Bill Bennett's got a pair and Martha Burst got a pair even but they still won't let her play.
Oh, I got you a spot. Well, you say I get so whipped up with this.
The night you recovered there wasn't I read that in the first house.
I grabbed it right there in midstream. That was a beautiful.
Okay, Marlins could use me there. So it's the Marlins in the Braves the last three games of the regular season for your Florida Marlins and then you know,
a lot of bitching and moaning and complaining. I thought they had a pretty good year.
I mean, it wasn't what they expected. Don troll had that right when he went 22 23.
Yeah, 23 and so what's not to like and he'll be pitching one game this weekend, right?
Yes, he has a shot to win the sion. So oh, yeah, no, no question about he's going to win the sion.
He's had to say he got no question about it. But you know, go for 24, baby.
Why who else is going to win it? Chris Carpenter. Get out of here.
Chris Carpenter. If I were a carpenter, man, by the way, give him a sandwich.
114 speaking of food, the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet as rated by yours truly and by Ziegat restaurant review.
You ask for it now every Friday through Sunday night like this weekend.
Lampster Fest is backed by popular demand at the Emerald Coast featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And of course, you can still enjoy crab fest every night with the last gun snow crab legs dungeon is crab Jonas Stone Crab.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
Terry Bradshaw there or Greg Reed, but I hope not. In addition, the Emerald Coast has got handcar prime rib and from their flaming grilled juicy succulent New York steaks cooked just the way you like them.
There's just a sea of food when you walk into the Emerald Coast. And then after this big pick out top off dinner with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate found where you can hand it your own strawberries, marshmallows, all kinds of dick and then things just stick them right in there.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes only healthy living to cook all their fine cuisine with cholesterol, freaking oil or low MSD, no cornstarch, no crap.
You'll just walk out there with a big smile on your face and a big fat puppet too. Look your reservations for this weekend.
And anytime soon at one Emerald Coast relocations, you'll find them in Pember Pine, Sunday Elsebeats and of course in sunrise for the Emerald Coast 954 5723822.
This is Neil Roger. This is 516 QA.
Oh, what a mess. I can get a little piece of quiet.
What are you doing here? I'm going to lose.
When I wait here, I pull my olden dress up like honey, Steven. That's for you.
Tell you, you're forcing me to do this.
Thanks. How about a nice Hawaiian bun?
Sure.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Uh, a gold door.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Oh, I'm going to lose.
Are you sorry?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that's for sure.
You bye, bye.
I'm sorry that's for sure.
I'm sorry.
You bad thing, are you glad that left me?
You bad big sister.
Haa!
That's for sure.
One nineteen and five so that's one of the all time.
It just sends a tickle through my irons and my stomach.
Margaret Carlson right now you know who Margaret Carlson is probably not.
No because you don't want to show us on Sunday like the one on what's that one on CNN
that she's always on the panel with Bob Novak.
By the way how come Bob Novak's not in Georgia.
Yeah and whoever else is on there the silly guy with a glasses anyway she's always on
there good liberal gal I'm Margaret Carlson she's great we like her a lot.
Well she's liberal you know she's a calmness and definitely Washington bureau chief for
time magazine and now is a calmness for Bloomberg news she writes bushes presidency is exposed
in crumbling crumbling first they were struggling and other crumbling back in the days
when president George W. Boyce preferred his endless summer at the ranch to storm chasing
few mistakes stuck to him he was like the guy who drove through the car wash with his
top down but never got wet no weapons of mass destruction the country were stuck in
when you must understand he really thought they were there at this year's White House
Correspondence Association dinner Bush showed a video of himself pretending to look for
the weapons under his desk oh what a difference a hurricane makes Katrina exposed something
we couldn't know before Bush's claim that he would keep us safer than that wish he
watching Senator from squishy Massachusetts his false not only are we not safer than
we were before Bush took office were worse off FEMA as its Katrina response made tragically
clear is a mess the department of Homeland Security which Bush built from scratch is mainly
known for a color chart wasteful spending a mixed bag of airport screeners and a new chief
who didn't know the New Orleans superdome was filled with starving homeless hurricane
victims here in Washington there's no feasible evacuation plan if terrorists struck the
president and vice president would helicopter out the rest of us and that includes many
members of congress would be stuck I picture myself with duct tape and saran rap huddling
in the basement or in a VW with a leaking sunroof idling for hours on the 14th street
bridge the White House press which lacked it pushes video has been rightly chastised for
turning out full reports on what the president is wearing eating or chopping now they're
pounding away it is multiple fuel squadering trips to hercane stricken regions where
he can repair little but himself a poor report on September 26th they voice discovered
energy conservation suggested we all forego non-essential driving detailed the gas sucking
trippy took that evening dinner five blocks away from the White House common during five
sport utility vehicles four vans and two limousines that kept their motors running for the
entire duration of the meal until recently bush's attitude toward governing it's easy
don't sweat the small stuff you would on the cheap was tolerated if not admired why not
pick Michael Brown a guy who knows a guy even to run a life in death agency like FEMA why not
after he smooths up big time praise him why not after you find the easy mouth keep him keep
paying him as a consultant 147,000 a year by the way yeah at the kabuki hearing two days ago
that pretended to get to the bottom of the fiasco republicans who had been given the word by Carl
robe the concentrate on skateboarding and swift-goating Louisiana's Democratic governor
Kathleen Blanco were shocked by Brown's arrogance Brown said faith-based institutions not FEMA
were supposed to have low income people and he warned the folks higher up in the food chain
that FEMA was emaciated in one Rodney King moment he said everything would have been fine if only
Louisiana officials had all gotten along it didn't work when republican Christopher Shays off-road
script said he was glad that Brown was gone brown-wine I guess you want me to be this superhero that's
going to step in there and suddenly take everybody out of New Orleans the unmasking of Brown may force
busted with rather nomination of another pal of a pal to head up a crucial agency immigration
naturalization pre-Hurricane Julie Myers general Richard Myers-Nese and the wife of chief of staff
of Homeland Security Michael Churdov would have sailed through it wouldn't have mattered before but
now her non-relevant experience working on Bill Clinton's impeachment and her lack of relevant
experience working on immigration may hold her up in the realm of when it rains at pours other
pillars of bushes carefully constructed world are crumbling the latest is Tom delay the majority
leader who yesterday was embedded for campaign contributions that helped you bush for more
republicans and the house of representatives even bushes handpicked center majority leader bill
fist wouldn't be taking quite such a pumbling if his sailor stock in his family founded HCA ink
had happened during bushes glory days both the justice department and the securities exchange
commission are now investigating first who always contended he didn't even know of his blind
trust held HCA stock had an imminent need to sell what he didn't know he owned just before it's
priced almost 10% this summer he may not be Martha Stewart but his newfound desire
after two terms and office to avoid a conflict of interest when he considers healthcare legislation
no longer gets a pass when your mojo fades take a little things mean a lot two days ago white
house press spokesman Scott McClellan said the president is so gun-ho on saving energy this
after a previous spokesman said bushes answered the prospect of energy conference conservation
was a big anode he's personally reminding staff to turn off the lights and printers and
copiers and computers when they leave the office someone should remind the president of an
earlier chief executive who declined was hastened when he made a point of turning down the thermostat
and running a cardigan when you elevate the tribunal to policy because the meaningful stuff
has gotten away from you someone will soon be trained lights out for you
I'll get a copy of the super-rective I'll be going again with that left-wing
I'll get wet and over that yeah slatting it again okay I'm like those very journalist
those very balanced year-and-a-lose like big fat rush and the bill or Riley bill ahead oh
scooter Libby you that as soon as I received a personal there is a Jewish woman from the source
that I was able to talk to him and and talk to the source about my testimony it was only then
the source as a result of the special prosecutors agreement to narrow the focus of the inquiry
to focus on the wave on that source that I was able to tell you to try to find as soon as I could
and I will ask you to please address the questions to which I was not a party to my lawyers
the duty of a conversation you were a party to on this next to this for help when you and Matt
faced a consensus on work charges you said out here when when Matt was asking but you're
answer was different you said no way that would be acceptable no I said I had not received a personal
explicit voluntary waiver from my source what I considered that was my position and I said it
many times I said it before I went to jail I said it when I was in jail
the honest that what about the most of the mischief and my truth is you do you have a good time in
there I would let people through other own conclusions I know what my conscience would allow when I
was I stood fast to the bottom what is it really all about why would you have money so important
I you'll have to ask mr Fitzgerald why it's important okay I think we're done okay I think we're
get a little bit too close to me the matter we're a scooter let me okay well I wouldn't be
something where all these people lined up like behind bars the whole bunch of them hey don't tease
the whole gush stop oh 127 at 560 speaking to behind bars the guilty mischief is going to be
filling in for the moment if you did tap you that should be real tweet this is new rudder
this is 560 qa my junior honey
from god protect us when we get to our mind me while they died in the way Ziana I raised gas for the gop
old cut three not don't put no blame on me when they come from my vacation for a photo opportunity
swing your partner round and round now do a little swim into an oralus now swim to the left to the right here we go
swing a little much up those you go old cut three not why didn't those people clean
the torsion the least the end of that it ends for your right team
oh hey everybody hot brown and brown accountable for everybody brown and brown that's a human being
I'll take this a point but I got a brown nose and I know where I'm at there was no
to get them say they don't look like an anyway I did everything I possibly can
to show myself all the good lucks plan oh what a job I had as a wreck therapy huh when I
watch more than a easily schemer and a glueless son of a bitch
it's just digs brown goes in the bridge it's just digs brown goes in the bridge
new old means is wiped out and gone with w said I did one heck of a job and it's your pays off
to be a crown and another white face being Christian bonnie the national guard is down and down
with orders just to get the press out of town everybody go home that's nothing to see
everything here is pain-cheap pain over hurricane gave us a big pc for neocons social engineering
like a giant republic its way to Jesus for our Lord and King praise Jesus for our Lord and King
I don't believe compassion what we like it serves the right to have this black and you
descend to say it's a national disgrace they shouldn't have it black in the first place this is
no time to blame the blame game since we know that the repeats are called by kings who are not the
right gunna all my own like stride with glenlin and carols roll ho we're achieving the
right wing dream you make everybody white like me and their ignorant son of a bitch
absolutely it's his job ground ocean of rich poor how I'm standing behind the old lady in horses
I'd rather do that than watch floating port this I'm an negligent bird over now
and I'll keep going down and keep my nose round I'm a negligent bird over now
but I'll keep going down to keep my nose round nice so I have a job Mickey it's 133 browning
but everything is hound 534 votes on this phone on that's not too bad considering what is about
the eighth one we did today right 534 who's the most humorless tight ass what what we do discover
is that that cross over would hang they like it it's okay good they're not peeled about it
just that George is a little circle of friends right no speaking in grace they don't get it
that's right probably antisimantic too all of these things so who was it in the building that
totally they hated that cross over what's it all about just in track of this why not just
give me one name huh I don't know come on I don't know I don't know I don't know anybody in the
building who listens to the show the statement that I made originally is this is what I'm hearing
you're the one you're not hearing that where and you said inside the building that's not what I
said but that's part of what you said that is the only part where you said right okay so in
other words you just you just why not take the fifth instead of just make up a story don't
know you're the one that one in the building thing no matter how many times I try to correct you
right so so in other words it's just your friends who don't like the end of your
friends don't listen to the show and again Josh are you following this I feel like there's
a lot of people here then people I run into people who know who I am people like who give me
you say like a UPS driver like who cares about the UPS driver unless it's that I know that it was
in my friend if trust me if there were show listeners they wouldn't be my friends what the
all does that mean that means they were show listeners they wouldn't be your friends you know how that goes
God you know how that goes and I've tried that out
do you have any what he's Josh you have any idea what he's talking about I think he means like
the the chronics that listen to the show doesn't the show the chronics aren't this year the
car is after all these years you still haven't separated the colors you've listed too many of
those appearances mister you just had too many of those uh brown bag luscious with the guy with
the guy with the eyes there's a question about that well there you go it's a good thing you're
taking a rest from those right now yeah thanks to a fat boy throwing out of the bus anyway who's
the most humanist high-dass we ask 500 and some odd vote 541 big candy 180 to boy oh boy he is
off on a class of his own he's probably having some more than energy meetings now by the way new
high gas prices average 281 a gallon per regular thank you again mr. president you're a gas
mojaro david in 77 barber bush 40 and quarter 38 see I really don't care but it's just that you
who gets some defensive it's great what I get defensive about is that you make up things all the time
right well just like what you said about Josh before he made this morning I'll make a statement
and then you'll see the opposite of what I ever I said on the air you'll you'll make stuff
right throw it in there because it's still isn't off you can all psychotic and bend out of shape
but what's wrong with that so talking behind my back not to mention that and quarter 32
thirty eight very monster two kind of easis tied with Christopher H. and oh maybe we can hitch
the two of them although I'm pleased you want that 22 I'm serious you got to see Christopher H. and
just once and you're like he's got that I'd love to I want to see that debate that we get away
from it we can find it out line somewhere do a little Google on George Gallo
what are you writing time or just just grab over to Gallo a road I'm Google in them Lewis
Farrakhan and Osama Yamama 19 to peace tightass humorless Sean Penn 15 bills fifth 15 especially
now the British Royal family eight Don I'm his eight Larry Kim made probably had a good meal together
the British Royal family they all have that British constipated look you know like they're like
their stuff don't stink and well maybe if they'd ever let it out of my pair Roberts and seven the
Pope five Charlton Heston five oh what a good pair they would make they could go out like shoot and
target practice Jim Cantori for Bill Bennett three Bono three and Martha Burke two Martha Burke
crimes with your father she just want to play she wanted a private voice that's all what's wrong
I guess they didn't look all that good or move she didn't look all that good and
still going to play with the boys a judge in the york has ruled that pictures of Iraqi inmates
abused by us troops should be released this was the other day but I didn't have no actually
is today from the BBC always at the end of the show yesterday remember I couldn't get this to print
out oop remember that yeah well here it is the judge made the order after request by the ASTL
you'd ask us to 87 unseen images district judge Alvin Hellerstein rejected government arguments
that this could fuel anti-US feelings pictures of Iraqi inmates being abused at the Abu Gharr
rap jail in Baghdad last year caused an outcry around the world seven US soldiers of in jail
including the latest linda england jorge's girlfriend and it's got a it's got a picture where
there where she's doing the old the thumbs up with a one hand and she's got a finger yeah you're
not going to put it up the old the ruling represents a huge potential embarrassment for the
US administration says the BBC's Jeremy Cook in New York the government has 20 days to consider
in a first reaction the head of the US central command general john abysade said publication of
more pictures could disturb reality when we continue to pick it to wound and show the pictures
over and over again it just creates the image which is a false image that this is the shortest
stuff that's happening a new and it's not general abysade be saying however the US commander in charge
of the Abu Gharr at the time of the scandal said concerns that the images could trigger an
upsurge environment should not be overplayed certainly I'd be concerned that it'd be equally
concerned that the pictures had not been released and you will have them to any opposition to say
but there is more guess who said that oh you won't believe in she's been out of our minds for so
long and out of our hearts you'll never guess
green
He lived 마� adjourned
per
Because we hate them
For something that we know they did not do
For sure now it's not like that
And so
Now we're all screwed
And there's no between
And that we are free
And pile up your five more lines
To their face
And go make it in May
So I could live in a pile
There's a code that call them to straight keys and pile
Wolver's read all that straight back far ahead
In dress they go to the front of the game's more chow
Like the first you only thought in shorter
Go up with the insti
Oh, I'm dying on my hand
And it's coming to me
Now let that go by
I've been hurt like rubber on a ladder
They go high
You're fairies
Certainly I'd be concerned but I'd be equally concerned that the pictures have not been released
And you allow them any opposition to say but there is more Janice Carpinski told the BBC's today programming
Carpinski was reduced and ranked from general to kernel and found guilty of their election of duty
She says she's been made a scapegoat
Amen you go go a boy girl
The ACLU demanded the release of the 87 photos and 4 video tapes as part of a lawsuit launched in 2003
On the treatment of detainees in US custody and the transfer of prisoners to countries known to use torture
They say prison of view, prisoner abuse is systemic
The US government argue that pictures of the evusions they hidden to avoid helping the insurgents
But in a 50 page ruling the judge said my task is not to defer to our worst fears but to interpret and apply the law
In this case the Freedom of Information Act which advances values important to our society
Transparency and accountability and government transparency what's that?
Our struggle to prevail must be without sacrificing the transparency and accountability of government and military officials he added
Judge Halorstein said America does not surrender to black male and fear of black male is not a legally sufficient argument to prevent us from performing a statute to recommend
Indeed he said the freedoms that we champion our is important to our success in Iraq and Afghanistan as the guns and missiles which are true called armed wars
I don't like that you go judge this is Neil Rogers this is 516 QA
Where's good?
We love hate what you do in on QAL
We're back back and back on again I want what they had before these not like eye to eye
You fairly
You're the hell they do with any way to the manly sounded guy really gay I want for a Christmas war
But the place is real high
When I listen to the sports a manly voice won't get my attention
But we're really getting the step to the shorts a squeaky high voice will give the interaction
Well I think what's the new way out of the way back and back on again I'm going to miss here and straight in with voice this high
Now we'll have to get deeper in that closet again so I'm gonna press all the macho bread
The check out for its more exciting to help the man decide
Yes there ain't nothing like that but macho sports guys and voices have some crack to sleep
Well here's a laugh even if they like that they have stand up real close to the radio
Press the sound if their voices aren't up there really makes my phone stay close
And that crow man he's smarter than my he bread brother
Yep
I've got all of that 14 to two at 560 W.M. We got Gildey coming up Mr. Hockey can't wait for that first
I'm just a Panther broadcast Wednesday night.
Twitter, Pants and Splint Atlanta, I believe.
And Josh got his Panther credentials.
That's right.
I wonder how you got those.
What is the reason for that?
Part of the working press.
I don't know.
Hopefully, you know, they got maybe like a bar
around in the working press.
Is that because you're associated with the show
or because of the work you do with the Marlins?
Or is that because you're talking around?
I love my hockey.
Or is that because Gildey put in a good word for you,
which I doubt?
But I think it's because I think it's
because you're associated with the show.
And of course, I being Mr. Hockey in South Florida,
even, you know, and of course, doing the show
from Toronto, they hotbed of hockey.
Although, at least they're going to suck this here.
I hate to break news to you.
We don't want to talk about that.
But you'll love it.
Once you get into it, man, you'll really enjoy it.
He's going to be our quarterback.
I like going to the game.
And the good part of it is this year,
they're going to have an exciting entertaining team
as opposed to last year's one.
Oh, it's been really bad.
Senators with oversight of the FDA,
aspirin, spectrogenery, and quarrier,
at the yesterday, and the circumstances
surrounding the sudden resignation of the Chief
of the FDA in particular, the lawmakers run information
about whether or less their Crawford,
I wonder if he's getting the Keith Crawford,
whether or less their Crawford follow ethics laws
that require him to report his financial assets
and then come to the government.
Oh, here we go again.
Senators Michael B. N. Z.
be public in Wyoming and Ted Kennedy,
the Democratic Massachusetts,
what a thorough review of the reasons
surrounding Dr. Crawford's resignation.
The letter was sent to Daniel R. Levinson
in Inspector General for HHS.
Crawford gave no reason for his departure
in his resignation letter last Friday.
But his tenure was marked by increasing criticism
of the agency of the FDA by those who continue
to become more interested in politics
or benefiting drug companies than its mission
to protect consumers.
Absolutely freaking correct.
Correct.
If you watch your evening news every night
between 6.30 and 7.
And then even later on, when they do the local inserts
on a wheel of torture and whatever in jeopardy,
you'll notice every commercial,
every one is either for a prescription drug
or some over-the-counter kind of poison
that they're trying to pedal to you.
You notice that?
Yes, I do.
Every kind of drug that's ever been invented
so they haven't even thought up yet.
And lately they're getting like big-name stars
to advertise and they're like,
oh my goodness, I got some dark folks
on there talking about Bill Bennett.
Ideas as to why you might espouse a portion
that he didn't agree with.
He was hypothetically saying,
suppose we took something...
Here's a cell out with a list.
A cell out with a listing, you know?
That's true.
That could be argued.
You were poor.
Lower the crime rate.
He meant to type hypothetically.
He would never espouse such a thing.
He's owed no apology whatsoever.
And frankly, the fact that around this country today,
a lot of African Americans are pretending
not to understand what he meant
makes it look like we're incapable of dealing
with close reasoning and it worries me.
The man did absolutely nothing wrong.
Are you both mentioned hypothetical?
Let me ask you guys, Roland John, just one more time.
I want to speak.
You can talk about the hypothetically.
That's exactly again.
That's how we're telling him again.
He was talking about the hypothetically.
She needs to be taken out of that bitch.
So what he says is,
look what Nancy Grayson just listed the first sentence
in a couple more times.
I do know that it's true that if you wanted to reduce crime,
you could, if that were your sole purpose.
You could abort every black baby in this country
and your crime rate would go down.
That would be an impossible, ridiculous,
and morally repassible thing to do.
But your crime rate would go down.
He talks about how ridiculous it is.
He talks about the hypothetical,
but that's the first point.
But I do know that it's true that if you wanted
to reduce crime, blah, blah, blah.
So he's saying, but I do know.
So that doesn't sound like I have the hypothetical to me.
Well, of course, John, aren't you an expert on linguistics?
So why don't you break this down for us?
So he did say, I do know if you want to.
Please John.
Well, it seems like we're talking about two different things.
When he's talking about black people and crime,
what he's referring to is the unfortunate.
See, in every group, there's a bunch of sellouts.
There's black sellouts.
There's Jew sellouts.
Plenty of those.
There's spag sellouts.
Tons of those, man.
It's like taking us back to the Hitler era again.
You got your Ann Coder and Miss Fudge.
And we had David Brock there before he finally saw the light.
And just to hope I had a course of Condoleezza,
we have no doubts about her.
You're fair, right?
No doubt.
You know, keep hearing about choose life and the sanctity
of life and all this other crap
from these fetus squeezes.
And yet, come to fight out that most of these people
aren't married.
They never got to get married.
Most of these people are a decade in a closet
and the full of crap.
It's just like, it's like, what's his name?
It's like Gay Edgar Hoover all over again.
And Joe McCarthy.
Hey, Joe.
You're fair.
Anyway, that's what I get all whipped up about.
Right.
Hey, Bill Bennett, we know he's a fool.
And we know he's a hypocrite.
We know he's got a compulsive gambling problem.
Maybe I'll see him tomorrow morning at Woodbine.
This is Neil Raider.
You're fair.
This is 5.69 AF.
Oh, it's like, oh, yeah.
It's like, it's way to few.
It'll be back.
Wait a minute.
I'll come back.
This has become normal now.
This is unacceptable.
It is absolutely unacceptable.
Oh, here we go.
I just lost 15,000.
Just 75 to go.
Cos' he's a lily.
I can always mean to call I.D.
Better put that bad, bad, and shaming down.
And it went for a teeny, and a resigned year.
A cut thing, a lily baby.
When am I getting my dessert?
New and jelly cranny, cause you're big and round.
I like you can see it myself, quite a little long.
You're still praying, you're late writing, shurr.
Hey, I'm your damn sexy, and you're trip full of extra go.
Actually, I don't look good.
It's one thing.
Sexy, infinite.
I see what's the deal in it's ever.
It's the show.
Go, cross the go.
Catch me, you better stop.
I'll never walk, keep going.
Go, cross the go.
Corgi, go.
Catch me, you're blinking, shying.
Injured out through the snow.
Cos' he's a lily.
Go, cross the go.
Girl, we're room full of you.
We don't care how much you roll.
Go, cross the go.
Go, cross the go.
Go, cross the go.
Go, cross the go.
Go, cross the go.
Go, cross the go.
Oh, yeah, she's pretty, all right, pretty disgusting.
And now that I know she's assigned to her,
despite her even a thousand times, who has sounded me for.
So, what do we get out of here today?
Yes.
And you told me to Google that thing,
and indeed, it's out there.
I found that information clearing house has the video and audio,
and the transcript for what it's worth of Galway and what's his name that you want to be.
Chris, you're interested in what you're going to get to see that.
I emailed myself the link of it.
Right.
I saw what you wanted to get home.
Excellent thing.
When you see this VDI tight jaw nasty,
or British, or constipated right wing piece of turban,
he's just subhuman, you know?
He's exactly what's wrong with the Brits.
Constipated and piece of crap.
But George Galway, he's the, you know, the odd man out.
Good guy.
581 on a poll today, who is the most,
and you know, we cover a lot of territory today.
But everywhere.
We had that first poll, and we apologize for that.
In fact, you are, and the audience owes us an apology.
Right.
And that required, I think, a little bit too much creativity,
and so they tried to be really funny and amusing.
It didn't require being funny,
because guess what?
You ain't funny.
Sorry, I came up with that idea.
Who's celebrity love child, what you most likely to see?
And I guess, I don't know what one.
It makes no difference anyway.
And then we switched to that.
We did the interim poll.
And we thought, I think about that stuff about Hank that I asked.
Yeah, I know.
Too bad, too late.
About the crossover with Hank,
and the overwhelming majority today,
they're loving it, or it's okay,
and they can handle it, and life goes on.
Yeah, et cetera.
And a few people said they hated it,
and there were a few who said a little bit too long.
It's a little too long, you know?
I thought, yeah, sure.
And now we're doing a round and in between.
We've covered a lot of tear my jaws, Terry,
from all this today, you know?
I'm a little slight jawed, we're talking.
Yeah, in fact, we better cut it back,
starting Monday at 5 2 1 1 2 and a half hour late.
Who's the most humorless tight ass we asked today?
581, almost 600, fact, 5, what do we got?
583.
So if you put all our votes together,
they end the three polls we did over 900,
not too bad, considering we're like all over the place, right?
And as first I think we had a really bad first one.
Oh, we're so sorry.
We'll never do that again.
The most humorless tight ass is unquestionably dig-tainy 190 votes.
Nobody's even close to Vic.
More Howard David, though, along the others,
he certainly was in League of his own.
80.
Nobody close to the mole-myster.
So those two are like, you know, on a different planet.
The rest of us are on Earth and they're on Uranus.
And quarter 46.
Barbara Bush 41.
Very bond 35, Josh, your buddy.
Say something.
Am I supposed to reply to that?
No.
Kind of leaves at 25.
Well, I just left that little pregnant pause.
They're just letting us sink him a little.
Hey, listen, just because you were a great athlete
and then the shmure that steroid on your ass doesn't mean, you know,
doesn't mean they have to be like a Mr. Happiness, you know.
Condoleez and Louis Ferric on 25 of peace.
Christopher Hitchens 23.
You'll see why Osama 20, Sean Penn 17,
Bill's fist 14.
The British Royal Family 10.
They're so constipated and so uppity.
And so much better than all the rest of us peasants.
Pat Robertson 9.
I'm his 9.
The Larry King Myster has got 9.
But he has snappy suspenders.
The Pope 7.
Oh, he's a real comedian in this folk.
BDI is that look of death.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he, he probably 100 while we're
Dracula did you know by the castle?
We had going to the castle with the Pope.
Can you imagine?
Oh, that would be nice.
Charles and Heston 6.
Jim Cantoury for Bill Bennett 3.
Botto 3.
And Martha Burke still down our last place.
We're just a small pair.
And that whole thing about being humorous reminds me, I don't know what made me think about this.
I remember our 20 years ago, a fact rich and I went to the dollar.
We used to go to all the dolphin games with our own tickets, but we spent the money.
And a listener came by and said,
oh, what do you mean my wife?
And as always, I was always very friendly.
Hi, how you doing?
I shook his hand and hide her.
And they spent a few seconds.
And then he called on the air.
I remember this.
And I brought my wife and did, all you did was sit there like a lump.
Right.
No dancing.
No dancing.
No song.
No dancing.
No, that, that, that, that, that, that, no.
No blue, no blue.
So after all this time, I certainly want to profusely apologize.
We got Gildey for the Pope.
Bye, bye.
Bye, bye.
