and uh...
eels and stuff like that
that's something
also some podcast that's what i would like to be a part of your work you see that
somebody uh... it's on the internet
uh... it's on a place where you don't go
okay the internet
anyway time jicker rights in the sun sent them yesterday what a jackass you are
time you're such a quizzling man
it's so obvious too
post-wilman news coverage turns tv into a radio star and a whole day
he writes a lot of words and is where he's saying about how the tv people hyperventilating
didn't have to see them because nobody had any power they have no tv
so you have to see him standing out getting blown away in a hurricane
that they did a phenomenal job they worked exhausted shifts for days on and
then without radio partners deliver their work the tv people are shouting at the
wind because nobody had tv
and about how the radio stations have passed along all this information
thanks to tv he doesn't mention the fact that a lot of it was some of the radio
stations who didn't us and i would be
had our own people on the most of the time except on the day of the hurricane
and how we passed on the usual information in one hell of a job if you ask me
up yours time you piece of crap
i hope he dies a wicked that it up against run over by a mac truck
i'd like to see that see him his head put down the middle of the stretch of
cauldron have the whole field run over his head in the middle of the
feature race
yeah you're angry at time i am he pisses me off he just
and a couple days ago he writes that he never writes anything local anyway but
when he does it's just all generic crap
he writes a thing about well the annealsons for this market are going to be
you know they're going to be postponed and whatever because no there are no
neelson ratings of nobody had tv
he didn't bother writing about the summer radio ratings because he can't be
bothered when i stop
and then i find out that month never sent the information in the first place
well
so between the two of them
we know about the ratings who did
time but he didn't write about it i know well so i can't
make it up on top of the press box just just take him over the edge of the
press box and shove his ass off the edge they'll be good huh they're windows
are called are well whatever it's at Gulfstream i don't go to the Gulfstream well
make a special trip
in fact i'll tell you what can your good buddy role martini's he'll shove him
over the edge with one hand yeah well this
handstand behind his back so what else is going on
i i i you know you won't believe this story
saturday it would find on my birthday no less happy birthday by the way thank you
so much don't say it's not so happy you know that when i get to be these
numbers but anyway so i go early in the morning like i usually do one
saturday and i'm losing and finally i hit a thousand dollars on the line i'm not
doing too bad and then finally after oh i don't know about five six
hours i had three thousand on the line i went to grand not bad right
very good i cash out and i go to the
window to cash my points you know when you use the player card to get points and
accumulate them over a long period of time so i three hundred and fifty bucks
coming on my points and then she looks in the computer as she you know scans my
cards she says oh well we have two gifts for you in here we have your birthday gift
uh twenty five dollars and i thought boy that's pretty chinsy last year they gave me
a hundred bucks in my birthday and she says we have a holiday gift
five hundred bucks wow five hundred bucks and i mean in the
holiday and in the scheme of things with the amount that i can't do it's not a lot of
money but i thought boy there's sure feeling awfully generous so i walked out of
there about three grand of the good on my birthday
wasn't that sweet what's the holiday
they gave her like uh... you know christmas and new years they are the holiday season
who knows i don't know maybe they're just feeling guilty maybe it's a Canadian holiday
none of us or this way Canadian thing yeah
Kim Foster was already a uh... Jewish uh Canadian new year
no we had uh... thanks you being on October here already
oh well they gave you something to be thankful for yeah that was nice that was
pretty nice i thought but that's a nice gesture on your part that doesn't
well speaking of slots i see what they're going to call special sessions
and the governor says oh well we have to do our duty well he finally figured that out
yeah i guess what's late yeah where did that come from i guess uh... i guess he sees all the
criticism being leveled in the rest of his family and he's decided that he's actually
going to obey the law for a change yeah wouldn't that be a novelty yeah well why should he be
the only one in his family to do that so it wasn't right in the family that's her damn sure
between the wife and the son and the daughter i should say follow the constant
brother with his snl scandals and of course the president would all have blood on his hands right
they sure like him a lot in Latin America i'll tell you that if you think they like him a lot in the
u.s. how about marina less marina the soccer player because it has a sign that calls him
war criminal can i ask you a question about how because i didn't watch that much of it but how could
the dolphins even been in that game yesterday i mean they're they uh... the other side made mistakes
you know they uh... they were dominated the whole game and i showed up plenty
kneel they had a ninety one years right there so superior i mean it's like it's like a joke
yeah they were close to that team and i think that that that the lana should have won that game by
three touchdowns yeah but they had a problem with his team tamper god pummel yesterday i can't
believe that i could i believe that but that when you when you have the NFL package in your sitting
in your living room with your clicker you know you're trying to try to find a good game
to watch and it's not easy any of the next week schedules horrible bad bad match up so many bad
teams and bag in cleveland and tenisee oh my god just horrible there's not a good game on
the schedule next week wow and then you're telling me that the a paperance have a chance to win
tonight is what you said i think they do i think Brady has a chance to win every time he goes out
there what was that i don't know what was that Josh i don't know what i am here anything
you okay Neil you are a year older yeah i saw that movie gaslight okay with Charles boy
a and angry bergman i saw that one yeah anyway there is not one game next week that's where
that you would want to watch well pretty sad although no one's coming to town yeah that'll be ugly
i would you know make predictions on that it won't be like last year when they let that
the game get away out of embarrassment factor that was when you know just a brain fart by Brady that
and another thing that don't mean this weekend speaking of Brady Quinn you know i just don't
read i just can't fathom with how many how many ncda division one teams do you think they were
already have any idea how many are just thirty or something like that yeah now how can it be that one
team i don't want to say that the catholic set too much influence in america but i can one team
have its own network they got tom what's his name the guy that does the games he's off like boring
hammond hammond with the white here uh tom hammond and they got they got their own telecast to
got nbc is the Notre Dame network but what kind of common is a bunch of crap is that had it for years
i know that what is that all about they sell it screw Notre Dame as long as it's only rot as long
as it's a catholic chairman of a board someplace they're going to be able to sell the hell out of those
things oh by the way speaking of chairman of the board you see the fp and l chairman of the board he
had a nice big uh he had a big home generator there for the hurricane uh Lewis Hay the turd
yet his own a generator that great there's still a lot of people without power here it's amazing
176,400 families as of this morning they said they promised it by the end of the day tomorrow 95
percent of people would have it back on the league they better be working heavy duty the day
tomorrow i'll tell you that they're going to do accomplished that in all seven hundred that's bad
really bad George finally got his back on after being sick sick sick as hell for days
i don't think uh there i still know some people who don't have their power
in this business about oh no there's nothing wrong with their polls the polls are fine
yeah right we got some history on that they had more split polls and rotting polls and then it's
just uh they suck fp you know we hate you like poison which you all all the executives of fp you know
we hope you're in the same car crash with tom jica how do you like that where you're tough on tom
no no honest about tom you know it's business it's not personal it's certainly good to be both
because it's pretty obvious now that he all you got to do is criticize him and right away he goes
into it you know into a show like a like a turtle i don't like the fact that he doesn't write
him about anything local anymore now maybe that's what the paper wants him to do write these
puff pieces about every network showed it's going to get canceled in five weeks anyway but he
doesn't write about the local tv and radio seen nothing i mean absolutely nothing a child could
have written this article here about well you know the weather casters and anchors and reporters
did this and they thanks to the collaboration of tv and radio was possible at any hour to find
out where food nights are being dispensed and how long the way it would be there was never any
doubt schools and be closed but official confirmation well you know something we were passing all
that information along you and i and uh the other people on this station and i would be i understand
what we yes for a long time and doing a hell of a damn good job if you ask me but tom can't be
bothered with that it's only the seeing again it would be like dignifying radio so i guess the only
the only reason it's good that radio was on and people had transistor radios and radios in their
cars is so that we could put the tv audio on or those portable tv so they can take that tv
audio and stick it where the moon don't or the like moonshine don't shine or those portable tv so they
could watch the canes games Saturday there you go but i was some contest not i'm talking about
barris calm with the portable tv yeah very who finally admitted that we beat the crap out of
the other place but wouldn't put the numbers in it we can't imagine it in the past what you're very
to get buried on your side 30 cents that's all oh bury that's true once that's true once you know
all right you have a nice day you too i got out on my sister by the way when you see tom give a big
kiss on the lips for me i'm gonna shove him through the window at caller yeah shove him right
through the window in the press box okay sounds like a good idea all right coming through the
Bob Savage Memorial window oh i can't believe Bob's no longer with us yeah like Bob good guy yeah
he was very nice to me i always say that he was a good guy to me he was a good guy he was about
two feet tall but he's a good guy and he made and the funny part of it do you ever meet his wife
his back of life yep she was about like seven feet tall yeah especially when she stood on the
water money she had the oh brother she was loaded nice go at Bobby up there in the up there in the
horse racing heaven somewhere right well have a great day all right i'll see you hosta maniana and to you
oh
i went to dolphins training camp i asked Nick Saban who will it be
will it be a j will it be sage here's what Nick said to me
just for a for a for a for my god are starting to be will be
i think we'll have victory with for a for a no just you wait and see oh no
oh i saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a bad dream i saw him from the he dropped the ball
it made me want to scream cuz for a day god you fairy whatever it is you need
you're often says gone to see with for a for a he can't score to be no just for a
for a
absolutely if you play for a
you will be sorry
oh they're sorry all right there i got their heads in their ass today well it's one of those
things just a ball game with all the other important things that people have to worry about
like getting their lives back together again who cares about some stupid ass ball game right
evidently a lot of people must be your chilly is there from how he's thanks to the
gorgeous back today picking out i need another bowl full i thought you were going to order two bowls
Josh i mean two each you missed all that good pizza and uh spaghetti that Josh had on um what
what day was that Thursday Thursday i don't think it was the big day that we made the peace
offering to mow and mow said mow said no no thank you no thank you you wouldn't take a piece
they didn't take a piece he said doodoo doodoo doodoo and go away now he was uh yeah i guess he
was civil about it no big simous one on if the beast would have taken him in there which was my
first suggestion that would have been a bad idea he was right about that that would not have been
a cool move to send the beast and there were they pizza piece offering not good anyway thanks to
howeason thanks darken buddy what's his name over there at brad brad the tonis
got a brain fart because it's so pissed off at time jickem so it's hard to you tamo so it's hard
the fact that they give you a column every day or whatever the hell you show up to do it you know
he's talking about he's in the dark like a lot of other people were in the you were you're in
the dark all right sweetheart when they were transistor sister you know we we get to just uh
probably that's what we should have done we should have just said oh well guess what let's just
open up the pot we can never give all the intramarital especially with nia out of touch with what's
going on here local like tom always says and let's just open the pot and put the tv experts on there
right i mean how we compete with that great information anyway yeah so we can uh hear them
patting each other on the back we're talking about congratulating each other for the great
job they're doing and we're doing better than anybody else and this is an exclusive and whatever
you know you're you're stuck in bed stuck watching it because you got no cable and that's all you
see channel after channel we're so great we were here we were the first we were and that's
an hour after hour that right screw all of them okay that's my you know and yeah and he does
point out and rightfully so that who now wants to see these idiots standing out they're nearly
getting blown away and killed in the middle of some storm here to show us hey look how tough we
are how brave we are no i think the word you're looking for is stupid that's how stupid you are okay
if you just stood inside the window and we could see behind it a wind blowing and all the trees
falling down we get the message without you standing out there making a jackass out of yourself
except of course for Rob Marciano when wind blows a shirt open in his pants half off but other than that
oh speaking of getting blown to bits we got another dead soldier a marine was killed in an
insurgent ambush sunday when his patrol raided the house in whose sayaba whose sayba iraq
near the syrian border 2046 dead american troops so far but who's counting right obviously we
thought when it got to 2000 there were a couple of protests they had a big protest in ala they
got no coverage even the ala times and they had to shut some of the streets in the city down and
and the no coverage nobody cares about that but we do see that the president is laying a wreath of
the american cemetery in panama cherry they contributed to that very important of course he's
getting welcomed very enthusiastically all over Latin America they just love him like crazy like
those parties they were throwing in his honor oh yeah that must have been what that was a festival
yeah in Brazil there have all the big fish for eight times that must be what that was
or her own about yeah yeah they hit him like poison and they made it very clear by the way they
don't hit the american people it's kind of like what i hear in canada all the time it's not the
american people we ate it's your government it's bush bush bush bush 10 13 and five 60 wq
a.m. happy monday november 7th my birthday went by and could let nice a story from woodbine i was
a nice episode no no problem no stress and you like that a lot of that eric by the way for the
nice birthday gift on friday that the band with the uh invoice that was nice touch here he put it
in the hard and by the way the checks already made yeah he's with a card the check is in the man you
have a slot for the lord even loves neo-rodris in that power company you put the utility and utility
lard of paradise in life there isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you
when a storm threatens we can count on rude eternal power off on before it gets here leaving the
rest of us to marvel at the blue flow of exploding transporters providing us a historical
perspective of 1957's technology and of the moist heat of tropical darkness with weakening
how to reason our radios drug past your latest risk release for self-loridil that says your
trucks and crews are ready to roll from the alabama state border and the question in everyone's mind is
so as we search for the appropriate answer to how many of he alamerdancy proves does it take the
change a light bulb Florida paradise in life this birds for you
you net power company but your jim sure wants to thank all his close personal friends at Florida
plunder were looted for a getting him back on so fast yesterday five o'clock five thirty five thirty
five five thirty man right you guys at fp and we're talking about the management types not those
poor guys that come up around out there outside we're talking about the people who make the
decisions and rely a lot yes it's off us with a mansion in the upright generator you know
that you know that i'll get all installed for him i'll get to that but i got to hurry up important
story here this may be the more the only thing we need to do i just read this over and over again
today Tampa i don't tell me that the uh bucks got uh pounded yesterday Josh okay i think the
bigger story is the two cheerleaders of carolina that's the story i got right here well go for
speaking of pounding two carolina panther cheerleaders spent the night in jail after a rough
night in channel side the panthers were in town to play the bucks yesterday afternoon and the
bucks and just crushed the bucks the bucks rhymes with sucks witness to say angelic
keepy and Renee Thomas were engaged in some type of sexual activity oh my god inside of
bathroom stall at banana joe is around 220 Sunday morning another woman waiting to use the
bathroom got into an argument with the pair she was getting really tired of waiting out there she
was like dancing from one toe to the other toe police say Thomas puts the woman in the face
when Thomas was erected to get police to name of another panther cheerleader did you see the
pictures of these two no not a blonde idea uh huh i did the blonde is uh so so but the brunette man
she's got a face that even her mother could hate i have never seen such a ugly bitch that's a
that's a cheerleader for carolina you throw a little makeup on her you know she got a
throw a bag on her head she still looks bad no i don't know my team's that north or south carolina
south oh say it all right that makes it north where the hell did they play carolina i actually don't
know i look rolly no it's definitely north okay i think connoisse good face additional charges
for lying to police once they confirm identity keenly was charged with this early conduct obstructing
reposing an officer real Thomas was charged with one kind of battery the two women were taken
to Hillsborough County jail where they both bonded out yesterday morning how do you like this
carolina nothing could be finer than to punch out a carolina cheerleader especially they look
like that one oh god she is so ugly you have no idea now let me read that one sentence again it says
the tour engaged in some type gay of sexual activity inside a bathroom stall for an engine then say
there was anybody else in there with them okay so that doesn't leave too much gay possibility right
right well what is that all about gay cheerleaders oh Jesus we got a movie about gay cowboys now we got
gay cheerleaders in tampon oles water will it be next i said i don't know why that that could be
a thorn channel the gay cheerleader channel yeah i don't i wouldn't need any other demy does Sally
please Brian and pop it obit says what about the challenge of explosion for today's pool he's
talking about that's a good one the challenge explosion the thing i remember most about the
challenge of explosion i do remember when i was there i'll get to today's pool eventually but
over and over about 45 million times we've seen the picture of the naturally because the
network samples that have to keep showing it and they show the mother you know they had him like
in the bleachers the crowd there came can't can't be there was a cape can ever learn well whatever
and the mother's like shielding her eyes looking up at the bright sun and like uh i something's
that right i like is that the way it's supposed to be you know like uh she's got that look on
her face like i don't think this is all so good yeah too much smoke and mirrors and not
enough uh whatever very bad that was the one like Reagan said oh that was the one with a school
teacher huh he forgot his name but then again he kept giving his own name too that's the one
with a school teacher right the one that they had to rush up there to make make sure that they
had the successful completion of the atchorb it's for his inauguration speech then work out too good
1566 votes on the poll over the weekend we apologize for the fact we had no new stories on
it this weekend but i centered after that i realized that uh i'll take the full blame it should have
been me getting a hold of Eric and saying oh jack doesn't have any internet so okay and so i
should have told Eric and an Eric could and you know what i thought school we'll take the weekend
off school everybody and then when we did well you'll be having to know that i'm back so all right
you are brutal man you're just brutal you're unbelievable Josh is back he's got the internet
all right let's hear it i just i really i just didn't care anymore you know i just gave up i
thought this is an omin it means the weekend it's my birthday anyway let's just take the weekend
off everybody else took a lot of time off look at George for Christ's he took off Wednesday and
Thursday and Friday for crying out loud well Thursday and Friday anyway was he the only Thursday
and Friday yeah seemed like forever yeah yeah yeah first he went to gel was in there arguing about
loufas in the body wash which by the way yes he came in this morning and told me that he used his wife's
pink one oh just happened to be in there his wife's pink one yeah yeah yeah what about the loufa he said
he could uh he felt like he was robbing the masculinity off of him it does well i've been taken very
long in his case what i see what i mean i thought that's a Cuban thing man it's a Cuban thing
i thought it was it was Cubans a jagged piece of a debris from the hurricane wreckage and i
i soaked that up and i used that it's very handling yeah i think it's i think it's a rock it's a
piece of cinder block i'm not sure what it is it's a piece of pumice yeah it's like washing it's
a lot of it's very jagged it's got three use and leva so points on it it's a he's real he was washing
the masculine the off of himself who are you kidding man Miguel you fair oh god and i'm not
i'm not going to waste any more of the audience's valuable time trying to say on it if you want to use
it fine if not be my guest all i'm telling you is you're you're wasting about 90% of the body wash
you're just pushing it down the drain in addition which like i told you on friday your hand is smooth
you're never going to like really accomplish anything it's like you're shivering it all over
yourself but you're not really accomplishing anything you're not scraping away those skits the only
thing he's washing off is the dead skills of on his skin all over his body but don't confuse him
with the facts okay militant spick by the way yes charlotte is where they play the uh carolina pantheon
that's what charlotte makes sense because that's like a real little the biggest city there that's
why i'm understanding we like the carolina carolina hurry keens which you got a hell of a team by
the way they got a great team in the kiterik star i don't want to talk hockey but and they play in
rolly first they started in greensboro which was a joke and now they play in rolly and they still
as good as they are they still don't draw flies the nhl wants to start getting smart just to
eliminate ten teams right now i'll tell you which ones florida panthers of course no question about
it and the a carolina hurry keens and it landed trashers and the anaheim not so mighty ducks and
anyway don't talk that crap what's the best product you discovered in past couple years we
asked on friday 1566 votes online backing came from nowhere and passed everybody 349 the internet
347 which it's amazing to me that there are that many people out there who are that slow that the
only the last couple years they caught on the internet that then we always got we got the
hopper you know it's never too late for him tivo 213 body wash which seemed to be having an early
lead just kind of sag later on they didn't want to wash the masculine they off their bodies 1449 is
that what he really said yes i'm not messing around he was in here this morning saying he felt like
he was washing the masculine they well first of all nobody told him he was a pink one even though
mine happens to be pink and that's because it was the only one that says his wife's his pink and
just happened to be there so he picked it up yeah tried it and i just told you what he said
and it was the only that was the only reaction he had that's what he had it was washing the
masculine the off himself what a pansy man you're such a pansy McGill pansy god i feel so much more
macho now compared to him what is this uh thing what is it somebody brought up the cheese
has a different power company and this is all about it with the energy services a public oh okay
i'll get to that just realize that's yeah somebody thanks it on that one to the confirmation
of Friday we never heard any more about it anyway let's see the body wash 149 db d porn 145
portable generators 91 iPod 60 Toyota Prius hybrid 60 hot gondas banana not ice cream 40 don't
start i'm but i'm telling you i'm begging you don't stir it chainsaw 36 new Regina 34 kind of
great stuff man oh the flavor wave of an old only only 17 just tragic 17 i use it every it's a
kitchen to plant and we have all these guys in the audience oh that's right i forgot about that
Xbox live 15 and psp 10 which i don't even know what it looks psp uh PlayStation portable
oh well that's uh way out of my life 10 are you overgrown children out there right right well
well that's the way it is yeah we got a lot of overgrown children's out there and some just like
better play with guns yeah 10 27 by the way if you see any of the executives from Florida
plunder would look keep in mind that October 1st law i'm not suggesting you do anything you
understand but just keep in mind american residential lending wants to make your life a lot easier
with over 22 years experience a rl offers custom loan programs that fit your situation whether
it's the wife nagging you to remodel the kitchen you're just looking to put a pool in the backyard
or maybe you want to wipe out mountains and mountains of credit card death american residential
lending can help you get it done colonel senior cori at american residential lending they've got
more than two decades experience in a mortgage business and access to more than a hundred wholesale
lenders a rl can cut your current mortgage payment up to five hundred bucks a month
happily refinancing generate some quick cash for you or even do a home equity loan and they do it
with personalized service in a program that is made specifically for you plus when you close the
close along with these folks that give you a free seven day care being cruised up your celebrate
how can you beat that so call american residential lending two days toll free call one
eight six six move a rl that's one eight six six six six eight thirty two seventy five when you
call be sure and tell me the old meal for you to call one eight six six six eight thirty two seventy five
this is meal Rogers this is five sixty two eight
right
from
European
holder
driven
night
Let's think.
Okay.
What are you betting, Alan?
Six thousand dollars.
I call you Alan because I am now, right?
I don't care who you are, you ferry.
Now, how much?
Six thousand dollars.
It's an awful lot of money.
What are you going to do about it?
You ferry.
What do you got, Jack?
I can't believe it.
You just cost me six thousand dollars.
I'm one count.
What are you going to do?
Oh, the suspense and excitement you can expect from low budget dumb down television.
Like this viewer here.
That was funny.
Oh, God, I want to die.
Become freshy jello in a chair with celebrity poker on ESP you.
1032 at 560 W.F.
We got the mole master, mole Howard David.
We got to look like a pristine schedule day, mole from two to four.
It's your man.
It's mad dog at four to seven.
I've heard of Stevenson's seven to ten.
Thank God.
Ed Kaplan's 10 to two.
No games, no panties, no nothing.
Pantsers, by the way, got a new deal.
They lose every day.
Seems to be the new format.
They lose every day.
Pantsers and arrangers at the Macarena on Wednesday.
That game is on.
You know, we never did through all of these days and all the stuff that went on.
This is what really is frustrating to me.
And of course, we aren't important TV people like the people of 467 and 10 times.
That's right.
So that's probably when we didn't get the information.
You just need to come to terms with that.
I think that's the best way.
I mean, who the hell are we?
But information about places like the Macarena, we heard that it got some damage.
But that was it.
You know, we didn't really get any details.
I've been begging to find out where the damage was at Pompadon Park,
whether it was the tote board, the track, the grandstand, something.
You know, and we can't get no information.
You know, I drive by it because I live right there and it looked like they were open.
It looked like what was open.
Pompadon Park.
What time was this?
What day are you talking about?
This was, I want to say Saturday.
Saturday, like it about noonish.
Well, they might have been open for a simul casting because if the tote didn't get damaged,
you that's what it would be nice to find out.
But of course, Troy Stratford doesn't want to go the extra five inches to find out for me.
Our sales department, man, take them in the engineering, put the two of them together,
put them in a pot, and then cook them like chili without the beans.
Or throw in some kidney beans because I get pains in the kidneys just from thinking about it.
I just can't get no information because that would require a little bit too much of it.
You know, they make one call, they don't get a response, then that's the end of that.
And then it's back to like a grab ass in the tea room, like those cheerleaders in Tampa.
So what kind of sexual activity do you think they were involved in there?
Oh, they only spent hours speculating.
Yeah, believe you, if you saw that one, the brunette, you would not want to spend seconds speculating.
You'd be puking your guts out.
Well, she could be a lot of it.
Oh, please gag me with a spoon.
She makes me look like Brad Pitt.
That's how she's grotesque on a schnaz from a hell.
And she's a cheerleader.
Well, I guess in North Carolina, they probably haven't got all I much to choose from.
Evidently, nothing could be fine.
I mean, cheerleader in Carolina, having gay sex in a tea room at the banana bar in Tampa.
Now, the story didn't save.
There was anybody else in there, saying, because I'm assuming that it was with each other.
So, well, what is that?
Yeah.
Here's the FPL numbers as a six o'clock this morning.
Are they doing a hell of a job?
No.
Or what?
No.
You know, it's interesting to me that people got their power back real quick.
Those are the ones that are saying, well, I think they do.
They did pretty good.
Yeah, right.
Of course you do, because you got your spec like the day after the hurricane you idiot.
Or like the president who's got the really fancy general.
I'll get to him after I cover that tumble.
I got a lot of stuff today.
Well, first let me do the pool, our pool today.
Which of these things stands out most in your memory?
Where were you when and hear the choices?
Well, in fact, I'll read the result.
How do you like that?
That's even better.
Where were you when the 9-11 attack took place?
178.
I was sitting right there when Georgia is a seat right now.
Yep.
I was sitting right in that chair.
It was my second day back.
After vacation.
And I sat in that chair and all of a sudden somebody comes in and, oh, the world tried
their plane ran the way and we turned out the TV.
And of course, Gelties on the, man, that went the worst team.
And we continued for one solid hour.
That has got to be the most embarrassing hour in the history of broadcasting in the USA or
maybe in the world.
And when later questioned about how come they didn't just put on the TV or how come we
didn't do some change in programming, go to network coverage, that's the time to put
the TV on for crying out loud little Tommy.
That's the time.
And Gelties said, well, what can we say about it?
How we got to talk sports?
What come on?
We say about it.
What a quiz, man.
What a little tour.
But he's doing a fine job on his Panther broadcasts.
409 votes.
Which of these things stands out most in your memory?
Where were you when the 9-11 attack took place?
180.
When you first got laid, 116.
When JFK was shot, 77, that was my vote.
I was at work at Midtown Records in Rochester, New York in my daytime job.
I was working nights in the VTWBTA and daytime in Midtown Records.
Two jobs.
How do you like that?
What was I at?
I was at a Pernoura Wall Street.
And I left work early and I drove to a work early to see what I could do and not much.
Hurricane Andrews struck Florida 25.
I remember that.
We were at WI Old D. Who also, by the way, I'm sure, did a fine job of giving very important
information out during the last couple of weeks since the hurricane.
But don't confuse Tommy with that.
No way.
When the Challenger exploded five, when Bill Clinton was in Pete's four, when Bobby Kennedy
was shot two, with 75 bullets that are still stuck in the Pantee Wall.
A Ronald Reagan was shot and Martin Luther King was shot of both got the big.
Oh, what is that all about, huh?
Where they small potatoes, well, Reagan recovered.
So I guess it's not that big of a deal.
And we got away from the dark folks from Martin Luther King.
Now that we had all this history about Rosa Parks, which I'm not minimizing Rosa Parks,
in fact, did you hear what the hell they was?
The mole mice, too, just went off on Rosa Parks.
And my bitch, the most black people don't even know who the hell she is.
And blah, blah, blah, you know.
Huh?
And now, yeah, most young black still know who that is, he said.
And he's just so out of touch, you know.
He's still bad out of shape about that pizza he stole.
I heard a rumor that there's some audio that I haven't heard yet.
Do you know what, you're not gonna hear it on this year.
We're not gonna play that again.
You listen to it, man.
Listen to it in your spare time.
No chance.
Welcome, man.
I'm telling you, between you and your cohort and your biggest, and I'm not even gonna
sit on here.
There's some other old John provocateur, too.
Keep provoking, provoking.
Every time we try to make a nice little piece offering there on Thursday.
Uh-huh.
It was not accepted.
No, thank you.
But nevertheless, you know, everybody needs to get along, but it's just never, it never
ends because you people keep stirring this pot.
Right.
During the five George keep smoking it.
They keep stirring it.
They're picking out the seeds and the weeds from the Greg Reads.
Here's the 6 a.m.
numbers.
It's not a pretty picture.
I'll tell you that.
I mean, it's better than it was.
176,400 people are families are still out of households without power and Florida.
And all of them, let me say it again, all of them are in Broward, date and Palm Beach
County in that order.
A mere 7600 in Palm Beach.
They sure did a hell of a lot better job than Palm Beach, I'll tell you.
That's probably because of all the people in Palm Beach there with the money, you know?
Probably made them an offer they couldn't refuse.
62,100 out in date County, which isn't too bad.
But 106,700 still not restored in Broward.
What tells that all about?
Bobby's Broward keeps taking a shot in the old.
Correcto.
Tell me.
Which I could.
That is just pathetic.
106,700.
And these are the people that promised that 95% would be restored by the end of the day tomorrow
by November 8.
So we'll see.
Okay?
In fact, I'm thinking that if they don't get everybody restored by the end of the business
day by five o'clock tomorrow afternoon, FPL should give everybody free power to rest
of the year for all next year for 2006.
Another good idea?
Excellent.
Now, where's the thing you just sent me about keys?
The keys.
Keys Energy Services is a public power utility owned and operated by the citizens of Key West
will good for them.
I know they had something besides a bunch of drag queens down there.
Oh, now, what ever happened with fantasy faith?
Keys Energy Services provides an essential service and reasonable rates to design to meet
the special needs of our community.
Public power system like Keys Energy Service are a nonprofit.
It says there are only missions to provide you with reliable electric service and reasonable
rates.
What a concept.
There are no dividends to pay to out-of-state stockholders.
What an even-wilder concept.
All the benefits of our locally controlled electric utility remain here in the community.
A utility board elected by the people at Key West decides how to operate Keys Energy Services.
Local control gets everyone to say how our utility can best meet our community needs.
Community ownership of electric service guarantees local people working together to meet local
needs such as energy conservation, environmental concerns, economic development, other services
of local government.
How do you like that?
By the way, something.
Yes.
The House in North Carolina is serviced by a very similar kind of an outfit, blue-rig electric
membership corporation, a customer owned outfit kind of a thing.
And the rates are great and the rates are low.
And the only problem is that we are logged into here.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.C.
Where is the public final cannot propose?
The public is a very similar kind of a thing.
The public is a very similar kind of a thing.
The public is a very similar kind of a thing.
The public is a very similar kind of a thing.
So here is an informative fact.
It says type in chainsaw.com.
Click on Cheryl Swoopes comes out.
Oh yeah, what a shock.
A WNBA a dyke.
Isn't that shocking?
I'm a shock.
And you're diverted to the lesbian site after Ellen.com.
And I'm going to tell you Ellen gives me spiel keys.
If I never saw that dyke again, it would be much too soon.
Is she funny?
Can she sing?
Can she dance?
Is she talented?
But nevertheless, she's a dyke.
Yeah, but she looks like a man.
Yeah, that's true.
You kind of like that.
I'm curious about Barbara Starrons.
See, and I'm telling you, if that isn't a guy, my name is Isha Bival.
Okay?
It says you go to after Ellen.com.
Now you can view the lesbian contestants for Merck's next top model.
Oh well, it says.
Exclamation point.
The public service offering to your lesbian listeners.
How do you like that?
And the wake of those two Carolina Panther cheerleaders
who were doing little hanky panky there in the tea room
with the banana jose in Tampa on Saturday night.
Shame on them.
What kind of crap is that?
Yeah.
After conducting water quality tests in the wake of Hurricane Wilma,
the Broward County Health Department has reopened all beaches
except for one in Pompoville Beach.
Did we get an...
You see, when you tell me that you drove by Pompoville Park,
I'm assuming that the lights were all on, right?
Well, I mean, it was during the day.
It's not that easy.
Like the gates were open and I'm pretty sure it looked like people were going in there.
Well, in other words, there were cars there.
Yeah.
And there were people going.
See, that would make me feel really...
Yeah, what?
I'm here.
I'm here to do a service.
And if people want to let me know, fine.
I mean, I don't do psychic readings on the show.
I can't give you my...
Although probably it would do better.
The beach at Northeast 16th Street in Pompoville Beach,
just south of the Hillsboro Inn level,
will remain closed until further notice,
according to the health department.
Okay, the beach at Northeast 16th Street in Pompoville Beach.
And what a shame because you guys were going to go there right after the show today, too.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Okay, here's that time, Jika Khan.
Excuse me for rambling on, but I got a lot of crap I want to get off my chest before I get back to FPL.
Although this does tie in.
Post will, the news coverage, turns TV into a radio star.
It says, little Tommy Jika.
Hey Tom, don't you think it's about time you go on with Mr. Ego again
and rip me an ass and talk a lot of crap down at station.
It's got no audience.
That sounds like a good idea.
I'm maybe even go find Sandy Patensham,
where she's probably a Sandy Payton Manning.
Also, anyway, Sandy Payton Manning.
And what's the guy's name that Renee Zelvinderer had dumped?
Oh, Kenny Chesney.
Kenny Chesney.
That's the rumor is that the flying around all over.
Oh, and Tab Hunter, finally, after all these years wrote a book and said,
guess what?
I was a.
Yeah.
After vehemently denying it, when the stories first came out about him and Anthony Perkins,
he said, why are you some kind of a psycho?
And in any rate, so now the tabloids finally outed him here some time back.
So we decided to might as well exploit it and write a book like everybody else.
You wrote a book.
Guess what?
I was.
You're fairy.
Uh, yeah.
That's something.
Of course, you don't even know who Tab Hunter was.
I do.
He was that guy.
Yeah.
He was another pretty face.
He sure could say and couldn't make it.
No.
No.
In fact, Sandy James should have killed.
Sandy James had a big hit, a young love.
I'm Capital Records, young love.
Remember that record?
Well, you heard it.
Yes.
Josh hasn't heard it, but you heard it.
Well, anyway, Tab Hunter covered it on dot records with a blanket.
And, uh, also had a big hit.
And he couldn't sing a lick.
He sang kind of like David Sol only worse.
Remember David Sol?
Yeah.
That record he put out.
What's that was a name of that song?
That's probably in the time like collection.
Don't give up on us.
Don't get rough on that baby.
Something like that.
Don't get rough on my baby.
Maybe.
So David Sol, man, there's another guy.
He could cheer soon.
Oh, no.
Hey, you've got to be kidding me.
Where the hell did that come from?
I pulled it out of my hand.
Of course, you're lost now.
Where do you keep your copy?
Yeah.
Oh.
Good job.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
It was a lifeline for the last couple of weeks.
I got news for it.
There were a lot of people last couple of weeks
who were actually listening to the radio to radio stations.
They weren't just signing up, opening up a pot
and putting on TV audio, which is the lazy way out.
I realized some stations had no choice because
they couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't whatever the video was, right?
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
They couldn't get on the air.
I think what you mean Tom?
Speaking of which, anybody missed a customer of a tag in a reporter standing on windy beaches
telling us this was no place to be during a hurricane, the correspondence were there.
The blackout spared most of us the reckless spectacle.
It'll take a needless death and subsequent budget choking lawsuit for this irresponsible exercise to be abandoned.
Thanks to the collaboration of TV and radio, it was possible at any hour to find out where food
and ice are being dispensed and the last how long the wait would be.
There was never any doubt schools would be closed, but official confirmation as well as the duration of the unscheduled recess was essential information.
So we're depressing updates on how long we'd be sitting in the darklist in a battery powered radio if you could hear it over the dinner of the neighbor's generators.
If a political leader or a storm recovery expert was holding a press conference, there were a few moments when somebody wasn't.
TV on radio was there.
Reporters could have been more aggressive and not accepting and face value every self-serving word, but there'll be plenty of time for investigating reporting and blame placing in the coming weeks.
Rice Little Tommy.
The post-Wilma reporting was so praiseworthy it was enough to make you forget about the usual pre-herking overkill.
Wilma crashed over us two Mondays ago. The chicken little hysteria started when, the previous two day, Labor Day, Ryan Norcross is great when a storm strikes and the run-up becomes off as an alarmist attention seeker.
He isn't the only one, but it seems as if his bosses are too intimidated by his reputation to tell him enough is enough.
And it seems that Tommy doesn't want to run away at anybody else's name in his story other than Little Brian Norcross.
It was maddening to have programs interrupted or preempted entirely for hurricane preparedness tips almost a week before there'd be any jeopardy.
In the wake of this record summer storm this was like telling the Pope how to prepare for mass.
Given the expanded newscast throughout the day, a brief top of the hour advisory or bottom of the screen crawl, what a suffice didn't prime time until the storm was within 24 hours of landfall.
There was tac, tacit acknowledgement of this.
When big ticket attraction says it's desperate housewives in the world series went on a schedule, even as the first winds of Wilma were being felt.
There's been no report to loss of life because viewers opted for entertainment over more of the sky's falling warnings they've been subjected to for a week.
You see, I happen to disagree with that because this is the one case where they should have been told and we were telling them prepare this is the one you ought to be prepared for.
Didn't we tell them that? Yeah. Go out and get your plywood and your viscweed and your lumber and your water and your crap and your batteries and get with it.
Never less says Tommy. If there is another hurricane warning next week, the TV stations will do it all again.
Stephen Colbert will put his finger on the syndrome on opening that of his new Comedy Central program.
Playing a phone news anchor he intoned if you're not scared, we're not doing our job.
Local news in South Florida never falls down on this job says Tommy.
Why is it only local news that isn't at the job of the mass media too?
Like I'm seeing them. We have another terrorist alert.
Oh my God. Yeah.
And look at that. Deadly tornadoes with Mrs. Limbaugh in there right now.
Oh, great. But.
Deadly tornadoes in Indiana.
In the end of bird County. I told you don't give Indiana. Didn't I?
Right. Although I hear that our Dean Taylor says Indiana wants you.
That's what he said. We still don't have a cable here so I'll just take your word for it.
We still have no cable there. What I don't say anything about that. I won't.
Although Josh came perilously close on Friday to a committee.
As a matter of fact, we came perilously close to a lot of problems on Friday between Josh and Miguel.
That whole deal. Yeah. Oh, you should have heard.
I'm sitting here and going crazy because I know I hear them and they're on the air and I can't make up with their saying.
Thank the Lord. Thank goodness for that.
But they're in the you know, the one thing about Miguel because it's the same thing with that's another reason.
I'm glad I'm not doing any more shows down there because I'm sitting in the my studio there and during the during the show.
Forget about during the break during the show. Miguel comes in and plants himself down. He and Georgia.
Have an animated argument about them.
You know, probably an esponial and I'm sitting there watching this realizing that nobody's paying any attention to what I'm saying or the fact that I'm even still breathing.
That I can probably croak and flop right over in the chair and they wouldn't even notice it for like 20 minutes because the papaya love that.
What's what? Well, this is all going in the year.
And of course, the finally month I guess came running and they said, hey, you jackasses, you fools, you clowns, you.
You're fair.
Yeah, talk about the popcorn to kettle pink and finally they shut the plan.
And the meantime, I'm yelling on the intercom that I found out that nobody can hear that an intercom.
Years, forget about Wilma. Years we've been screaming about the ineptitude of the technical crap in that studio.
The studio I got right here, I guarantee you, I'll bet your dimes to don't.
I'll bet you Maddie Bell and Fat Boy's life on it.
This studio puts that to the shame, the shame that you want to know why?
Because only I use this studio. No other go other creeps come in here and start pocketing with stuff.
The only thing I could say is we have a nicer chair here.
No, I got the same chair.
Oh, okay.
That I put together myself.
Ooh, I do like that old queen like putting the, in fact, I think it's maybe time for a new one.
Maybe I better call up office depot and give me a nice new chair.
Am I expensive? Of course, depot.
Anyway, we got a story here that I'll get to.
Customers say FBL failed to rack down utility pool compaency when a commission came out with a story about how they were, you poles were like crap.
Oh, well, no, that isn't true.
And it's a bunch of lies.
And, you know, like you lie, your liar is at Florida Plunder and Lou, okay, you're a bunch of liars we hate to like poison you lie like crazy.
And we've got all kinds of evidence right here from loads of people telling us about poles that were rotting.
Rotten to the core, that should be their motto, you know, or F Florida Plunder and Lou, we're running to the core.
What you like that? Scott, give it a nice ring to it.
Rotten to the core.
And you still don't have cable there in the studio.
Well, I bet you that Muffin's on, is on it right now.
This is Neil Rodgers.
This is 516-2-A-L.
This is the Neil Rodgers show.
This is the blame.
This is the blame.
Any questions?
Can he ever make?
Can he ever make?
Can he ever make?
Can he ever make?
Can he ever make?
Can he ever make?
Can he ever make?
I remember when I heard the news.
I felt like I was holding up on food.
When the movie sucks then have a beat.
I won't ever be concentrating.
I'm not focusing on anything.
You know we should've spoken more.
She's been quite of a neon to fall.
When they had the trouble and the low.
But now it's time for him to back it's settled and go throw.
It's no other than one of our number hot-patched men more.
When they got a hot-prop can like when she played Bridget Jones.
One of them is 27th and this is marriage now.
It's still one.
I guess the way you did this thing is what the tractor was for.
No, can he ever make?
No, there's separate ways.
Nothing like the same.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll take his step in hand.
He will get the cat.
And I'll go back.
He loves a one-man car.
He loves a dog's car.
The marriage must have gone.
You failed.
Let me go to a 560 WDQM.
Along those lines, I'm sure you saw this over the weekend.
Big news now.
In a new interview, Charles Jackson says she and Kevin Federline were still together when he and Britney Spears began dating last year.
He is so grotesque it just makes me wonder.
And he smells bad according to sources.
But other than that, he's great.
And he's dumber than boxer rocks.
Jackson then pregnant with her second child with Federline since the truth came out only pregnant with her second child.
Yes, there's the truth came out.
What are classy buns?
Well, they're from down there, you know, from the Okie-Fonoki.
Says the truth came out only after he flew abroad for a commercial which became a months-long trip with Spears.
Federline and Spears were wedlocked year.
How do you call yourself a human being?
No, they put somebody else through that pain, Jackson asks, to the Spears, the December issue of sister to sister magazine.
Sister to sister.
She's got a tea room there at Banana Joeson tap over the weekend.
Them grotesque cheerleaders.
What kind of magazine is that?
That's a vicious cycle right there, man. We got to break that, she says.
That's what Charis says.
Jackson 29 and Federline have a three-year-old daughter, Cory and a son, Kayla, born July 2004.
Jackson, who co-star in the TV series, Moisha, has two older children from a previous relationship.
She and Federline are still really good friends, Jackson says, but she doesn't want child support.
Hello, how know she says I'm very, very independent woman.
Okay, if I wanted child support, that's an easy procedure.
Instead, all I want from Kevin is his time with his children, that's it, bottom line.
Jackson's working on an album her first.
A track from Federline's debut recently appeared on the Internet, and you would puke from it.
Can he sing?
No.
Can he dance?
We know one thing he can do.
I miss that.
Oh yeah, there's one thing he can do.
I'm going to say very effectively too.
He's got an album, he's going to do it.
He's a great impregnator, man.
Can you sing her?
Customers say, FBL failed to whack down utility pull complaints.
Here's some of the evidence.
Okay, right here, right in my fat little putty hands, Tom Jickey, you jett.
You know something?
Seriously, I really mean this.
This marketplace is so pathetic.
It does make any difference because it's all about personalities.
If you rub somebody the wrong way, if you had a 90's share, they wouldn't put it in the paper.
It's just the way it is.
So it's just like what it was with a hero, and it's the same with Tom Jickey,
whether without your help or without any kind of publicity, we'll still succeed very well.
Thank you.
We're still kicking ass.
Without any assistance from you, okay?
And he doesn't mention anything else about anybody except Brian Norcross.
And if there's anybody in there who doesn't need any publicity, it's little Brian Norcross.
How about talking about the people that worked their ass off at all of these stations
to keep the things on the air so that we could pass along the information, whether it was from the TV station
or our own people who are off the internet or off the sea at end, the survey on news,
where we were getting it from?
Just another bunch of words on a page.
You could take a five-year-old child and pay the kid a lot less.
I'm sure they'll pay a little Tommy and get the same result.
Just crap.
And that's pretty profound again about the hyperventilating weather casters on there.
That's the first time I've heard about that, isn't it?
Yeah, I've never noticed that before.
Very profound stuff.
Customers say FPL failed to act on utility pull complaints in Tamarack.
A woman complained for years to Florida Plunder and loot about a decayed utility pull.
One so-de-crepit that a tree was growing out of it.
The company never replaced it and the poll sure enough snapped in Hurricane Wilma,
leading with the electricity for 11 days.
And they like that.
A tree so-de-crepit that a tree was growing out of it.
In my house point, frustrated by years of power outages, the mayor hired her consultant
who earlier this year found 27 polls in need of repair.
Many of those polls are even more damaged after the server-cane season of cities may have said.
And they cross on park section to Fort Lauderdale.
What does cross on park?
I don't know.
Something like a frog place to meet.
A couple of warned FPL last year about a hollowed out poll so riddled with woodpecker holes
that cable and telephone workers refused to climb it.
It too went down on the storm.
I wonder what waterlands thinks about that.
I wonder what Mike Lance thinks about, huh?
My, my, my.
We reported this so exactly what happened.
Wouldn't happen said Danny the A.B.
standing next to the broken wooden shaft behind her house in Croissant Park.
The broken wooden shaft.
That's what drives me crazy.
She says my polls rotten.
We report the polls rotten and it goes down.
And I got news for a man there are few things worse in life than when your poll is rotten.
Throughout South Florida such stories of poorly maintained utility polls in FPL stated a responder being told by angry residents,
frustrated, pissed off and fired up by days and days and days and days of power outages.
They think could have been avoided if the company had paid attention to their complaints.
You bastards, you quizzlies, you liars.
That's the thing about me.
They lie like hell.
As the cross-stop foot, October 24, hurricane Wilma splitter toppled an estimated 7 to 10,000 utility polls, contributing to power outages that left more than 98% of the region in the dark.
Almost two weeks later there were still 341 South Florida customers without power as a Saturday afternoon.
When is the story from Saturday?
Well, we got that down to 176.
They're really doing a heck of a job.
Company executives say they were surprised by the amount of damage to polls, but a July report by the Florida Public Service Commission that I've heard about last week had warned that FPL's program for inspecting distribution polls was in adequate unacceptable.
It said the company's contract had performed inspections at such a slow rate that it would take 60 years to reach all the polls in the system.
60 freaking years we'd all be pushing up days these by the time they got around a year poll.
The reports that FPL's inspection system would allow weakened and rotten polls to remain in service until basically it is spelled down I guess.
And they did.
Florida has no laws requiring the utility polls to be regularly inspected.
So Kevin Bloom spoke some of the commission in contrast.
California is established regular inspection cycles and record keeping requirements for its electric utility companies that include checking wooden polls in the state's urban areas.
Most wooden polls must be visually inspected once a year. That's in California.
Not a Florida.
FPL defended its poll inspection policy on Friday rejecting suggestion that its maintenance is deficient.
A forensic team examining polls that fell during Wilma's found that many of those polls showed no signs of deterioration said FPL spokesman Michael Villafana.
Our maintenance program is year round. He said we've invested more than a billion dollars a load to enhance the distribution infrastructure since 1998.
Right. The company said Friday it couldn't research the specific complaints that the Sun Central examined.
Villafana said that once company analyzes the damage caused by Wilma's review its procedures if warranted.
If warranted my ass. If warranted. How do you like that?
Nice.
In the past Villafana said problems with polls. But just if we know about that.
State Senator Skip Campbell of Tamrak who's district office has been closed for almost two weeks since it doesn't have no power.
Called for an investigation of FPL's poll failures by either the legislature or the Public Service Commission.
You go skip.
We need answers is to why somebody polls went down. He said we're going to have to investigate this and look at how they they document inspections as the debate over the company's poll maintenance continuously financial stakes are high.
At some point FPL is expected to go before the PSC to see customer search charges to pay for damage from Hurricane Wilma unless FPL comes up with stunning and a compelling explanation that answers these concerns.
We're going to explore them in depths that Harold McClan the state's public council who represents consumers in utility matters.
This is not an issue we're going to ignore as a matter of getting our arms around it and seeing how widespread of a problem is.
Maybe that's what they were doing in that tea room with the banana joint banana Joe's get their arms around it around it.
If the Commission holds hearings on compensations like that in your customers televignored complaints and in adequate repairs in a retirement committee in the Eastern Tamarack where many get around on motorized scooters.
Residents say they have complained to FPL for years about swaying utility polls behind their houses. It was kind of like Sammy K. It was swinging and swaying with Sammy K.
They kept jerking me around from one customer service to another said Ray O'Neill is the Northwest 47th Street.
Who said he seen the poll swing back and forth several feet in moderate winds every time I called they said we got to report.
The company finally said a crew he said but it just popped up the poll behind his house with a few pieces of wood.
The hurricane blew down that poll along with your three others along the same line. The poll had broken at the base where the wood had visibly thinned.
Oh, but they were profit it up though.
How about some props for FPL? What do you say?
Oh, hello.
Oh, yo, yo.
Oh, God.
How is that poll coming? 514 votes on our poll.
We do have a whole bunch of bedtime stories up there. Again Josh and Eric want to apologize for their slacked off and us doing a weekend.
But Josh had no internet and Eric had to want to be bothered with.
Well, I don't want to keep emailing him and then like calling him actually and like speaking him on the weekend of my birthday especially after he sent me that invoice for that stupid.
Couldn't he have waited till the day you think?
Why wait?
Yeah. Why wait when you know the checkers on away right away, which it is. That's so.
514 votes. Which of these things stood out most of your memory? Where were you when the night limit attack took place to it in 19?
We never did this poll by the way.
And this is not one I've shown sinning. I came up with this out of my own nimble mind.
I would like that.
Pull it right out of your e right out of my ass.
The 911 attack took place to 19. You first got laid 140 JFK with shot 98.
Hurricane Andrew struck Florida. That's God.
Fuck 30 man.
Now let's see when hurricane Andrew stuck it out again and we just open up the pot and put the network news on. Oh no.
I'm sorry. Seriously Tom Dick is the anti Christ. I guarantee on that baldhead there's a 666.
The calendar exploded 20. Bill Clinton was impeached 5.
That nasty stain on the blue dress.
Public Kennedy was shot to Ronnie Reagan and Martin Luther King shot got the big.
Oh so far. How you like that?
Are they like I mean Reagan I can understand.
Well for several reasons but Martin Luther King what's that all about?
I guess the dark folks don't have their power back.
Maybe they're all the ones that don't have the power back on 176,000 400 families.
That's still are waiting for that light to come back.
Now I imagine yesterday 5.30.
If no one your power came back on.
Uh huh.
That you must have been like well you're probably too sick to be jumping around screaming.
Well no I was I woke up feeling a little bit better on Sunday but I was actually out running errands.
And when I came back all this all the street lights.
You know the front porch lights were on. Yeah.
And I can't describe it.
We would have to dump it.
Really the feeling that I have.
Holy fuck.
It was a warm wet feeling. Let's put it that I'll be damn.
Thank God he said thank God the 6th of November for Christ's day.
Damn near two weeks of sitting in the dark with a generator in those gas rooms poisoning his wife and young daughter.
Yeah and myself.
Yeah.
Now that we're back today we got school going.
Yeah we got the schools in tip top shape.
Not.
But we got school daydryard.
What about Palm Beach? I'm not really sure I guess Palm Beach is back to.
I would assume.
I didn't pay any attention.
I'm tired of worrying about Palm Beach.
But leave that to Palm Beach so the maven's up there.
Okay.
1113 at 560 WQM when you think about mattresses you think about silly posture peter.
The top selling mattress brand in America.
I get choked up just thinking about it.
It's the gold standard.
And when you think of buying your next silly posture peter think about dial amateurs.
1 800 mattress the easiest possible way to get a new silly posture peter.
With dial amateurs is factory direct prices.
Nobody anywhere sells silly posture peter for less.
And dial amateurs carries the areas largest in and to where would you just say with all sizes and cover levels and stock.
Ready for same delivery you heard it.
Get a better night sleep as soon as tonight if you make that call now.
1 800 mattress number one customer satisfaction.
And like I keep telling you over and over again these are about the only people that let you choose the date and time for delivery.
You pick a tour window when you're going to be home like noon to 2 1 to 3 2 14 to 4 14 and they show up.
Even the very same day you call with a no risk 30 day comfort trial.
30 men in your own bedroom plus free setup and free removal on all deliveries.
They take away that smart meal vetting and self-the-brand new one for you.
So like I've been doing join over 2 million customers who skip the chain stores and these days with all the stuff that's going on right now.
The last thing you need is to be schlepping around a volume actress just sit there on your ass and make one easy call to dial amateurs.
1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last S4 stupendous spectacular saving.
This is meal Roger this is 5.62 a.
2.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
3.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
5.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
4.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
5.2.3.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time.
The bird's slow is ruining our dinner.
It's not safe to read a chicken or turkey.
All the birds should feed that by winter.
Now, Machouse is safe with that poultry.
I'm tired of the air.
If I could read another thing I've heard,
let your oven scare as fast as the bird.
Even if it gets backwards,
it's not safe to read a chicken or turkey.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
I'm tired of the air.
That's when I listen to the Neil Raffer's 12 to 1 hour.
I've never heard about being locked in
Walls take us all within the black
We still care about my gun
And not about thinkin' tight
And all that great news ain't
Yeah, you could take your pick
Like it was said from God
No phone, no ring, no
I thought it was played a racist
Or a looting that brandy was a cutie
There was a land, this war's end
And Julius went from love and to fuck you
We're smashing the field of satisfaction
But nothing quite feels right since
1919, 1991
1994
You know we're triumphant and with need
They beat the pants up right knee
We still had some easers
But also there was winter and we had so feet
Be Hawkins
Yes, she was never talking
I wonder if she survived that
1995
1995
There's one time he said that in the song
He said 1995, did you hear that?
I don't know, I'm a creeper
He's a man in the air, I thought
What are we gonna do about these Dittlin'
Cheerleaders in the T-Roman Tampa
Give them their own TV show
And when you said a Josh and Eric
Worst that they'd been in the villa, I'm telling you
If you would see, you ought to do yourself a favor
Like go online, oh that's right, you got no internet
No, you have no cable we have internet
Oh I see, well you can't have everything
What you're bitching about, you got the power there, you got the cable
I mean you got the internet
You just have no cable, and of course what we've seen on the cable anyway right now is that maybe playboy TV
Which you don't have, I think I'm gonna crank that up here now
Oh I better not, so what am I looking for online?
What's the story called?
I don't know, just a Tampa
Carolina cheerleader
Go to Tampabaynews10.com
There you go
And you'll find it anywhere, you'll find it even like in a weekly reader
It sits on every website, the story is there
You notice how Josh was right on top of that story
He wasn't too story intensive over the weekend, but boy saw the two dikes
They're doing something in the tea room there at the banana joes
And all of a sudden he was on top of it, big time
He was all over it, he was embracing it, he was squeezing it
You got it? Might have been me and that's all
Did you find it?
No, when you see the picture, seriously, if you tell me that there, I mean the blinds
The blinds fine, okay, that's it
The other girl's got a blind, she's okay
She's human looking
But the other one, man, oh man, she kind of looks like Peyton Manning
She's got a nose that isn't to be Mr. Aide
Oh my god, almighty
But the prize fighter knows?
Yeah, exactly, she's got the Rocky Marciano nose and ears
And I think it's a guy with a bad wig, maybe that's what was going on
662 votes, I think we got a definite shot of that 8-fiddy, what do you think?
Did you find that thing yet?
No, God are you slow?
Yes, I wish that I would have still had that story, I wish I had to save it, I know I shmit-canned it
But, Ankhana, I do have a little bit of a speed to go
What?
Nothing, it's just that's slowed and slow
Come on, Tampa, Tampa, what's the newspaper of the Tampa Tribune?
I got so much of a litz on this website
Okay
WQAM, hello
Hello, yes sir
Hey, Neil, how the hell are you?
Great, last I heard, Compano was being used as a staging area for the power and the tree cutting guys
Okay, that might be what he saw
Right
And the other day with the Art Feel Suicide Partner
It's amazing what people derived out of, you know, kind of, well what they hear what they pick and choose
Out of conversation, the guy was having a whole long spiel about, you know, how bad things are
And that's the one thing you remember about the sugar and the tank, I mean, come on
You know, it's just a stress relief trying to, you know, kind of thing, that's all it was
You know, there was, he was just being sarcastic
Yeah, you know, I guess this guy doesn't understand the difference, you know
I guess he was so overwhelmed by his, by seeing him, and it's just affecting him, you know, man
I'll tell you, he makes me look good
And as far as
Hey, yeah, and as far as being in Georgia concerned, we are not really to concern how ugly those girls really are
It's just the fact that they were, where they were doing what they were doing
Okay, it's four points
I have a big bag of, okay, thanks
I got the picture and you're right
I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I don't care what she was doing or who she was doing it with
You didn't want to know about it, you didn't want to see it, you didn't want to think about it
Listen, I will pose them in such a way you won't see her nose
Okay, well I'm sure maybe there's a reason for that
I don't know why I know where it is, I have plans
The nose nose
Oh God, was she me, me or what?
Good God
That's what you get, nothing could be finer than to be a cheerleader from Carolina in the moment
Yeah, who?
The tap I've been at a joe is yucking it up in the tea room
I don't know if it's just, see, because guys were all supposed to be fervorant and most of us are
But women, I mean, are supposed to have a little, just even dicks, okay, should have a little more class
I mean guys do it stuff in the tea room, that goes back as it years, okay?
Which I've never understood that, by the way
Why?
Of all of the unappealing places to get something going
Well, maybe if it don't smell too bad in there
If it's a public restroom, how does it smell?
Well, I'm not talking about necessarily follow this wise
Well, yeah, of course if it's a public restroom, nobody ought to be doing nothing in there
But it all depends on the kind of joy it is if it's kind of like a strip club or some kind of a shady, you know
Yeah, stuff happened
It's not like we haven't taken a friend into the shower, but that's, you know, your home
But the idea of two dicks doing something in a public tea room, it just, I don't know, it leaves me limp
I'll let you know
In the case of those two, I'm sure it leaves you limp too believe me, trust me
She is just as nasty
She makes Rosie O'Donnell look like a Halle Berry
WCQIA, hello
Who I am?
Tom Jekkesankel, hello
Yeah, hey Neil, I got something for you
Not only does Moe's field meet somebody cheat at golf
Yeah
Do you know that?
No, I did not know that
Yeah, you need to get extra ball in his pocket all the time, you know
That's that extra ball we were always hearing about
Was it you or somebody else told me that they were in the tea room with Moe and they found out he had an extra ball
Well, that's great, go, sometimes they're lucky that way
I'm sure they
Maybe it's a spare
They always can't hurt
Now that day that everybody's getting all whipped up about the whole piece of thing
He just got out of bed on the wrong side, which he seems to do that almost every day
Now maybe if he would like switch places in bed with the misses and he'd sleep on the other side
Then maybe from once you get out of bed on the right side
Or he could get around to bed
And in that day we could like all, you know bond and what do you think?
No, not gonna happen
675 votes on the pole
And we're doing it
I'm 11 to 10, we're gonna 283
That's what we remember most vividly sitting right there in that chair
I had just come back from vacation
I think I'd either been up here
I was like in Europe or something
And I did the show on Monday
And it was the second day back after vacation on a Tuesday morning, is that correct?
Yes
And but I'm being out of nowhere
I'm just sitting there minding my own business and all of a sudden some people start hyperventilating
We turn on us
Because George probably had some pornographic crap on there
And we turn over to CNN
And there's the pictures of that plane flying in the first hour
And nobody knows
And at that point we're still thinking like, huh?
And of course nobody was telling us that the FAA knew that four planes had been hijacked at that point
Which continues leading me to, I have so many doubts about that whole thing, you know?
Like how is it that they couldn't intercept the plane that went into the Pentagon
And assuming that a plane did go into Pentagon, which they're still doubts about that
Just like a Pentagon strike, if that thing is still working on our website, which I doubt
I don't know
Off a lot of questions still about that
And in the meantime, forget about that
The media is just catching up on all this and made up crap about the weapons of mass destruction
And Al Qaeda and Saad and all this other garbage, all the lies
And then all the smear and shmere campaign, they're just starting to catch out of that
I guess they have a red-to-richer Clark and Paul O'Neal books, you know, have they? Oh God forbid
And they certainly haven't seen the Michael Moore, the Fahrenheit 9-11 movie
You know what a comedy pincoe he is
Somebody QA and hello?
Hey
Yes sir
Hi, sir, here I am
Yes it is
And going to pass along some info, Madam, he's asking a boss like
What's happening in the top of an old harness track
Right
Yeah, they're using it as a staging site
They got FPL trucks
Like, well, parking lot loaded with them at night
So I don't know if they have anything to do with them closing or how much damage
I know that that blocks four with the end of the day with electric trucks
Okay, thanks a lot
Hi, sir
I hear the issue of this is a staging area
See, that's why there were people coming to go in Josh
I mean, you were right, you were perceptive, you saw there was people going in and coming out and bop-bop-bop-bop
But there's no recent stuff going on there now
I would know that
Well, I would know that because Steve Wolfen Dick Fimer, my close personal friends, if they had something going on there where they could make a buck or two with all the crap that they're going through between there and Baloxy
Believe you and me, they would let me know by now
By the way, they wouldn't be like Troy Stratford, leave me hanging and dangling in the dark like a down-power line or something like that
I left Steve a couple messages during that last break
Right
Well, no, I'm sure we got the answers now, they're using it as a staging area like the last guy said
And thought he was talking to you or somebody and the other guy who was on the air
Something like that
But he was on the air and it was
They're using it as a staging area for an air
And they also were giving out water and ice last two weeks there, which it was one of the locations we gave
See, you know, and it seems to me, I don't want to sound like we're so much superior
But the fact of the matter is that we weren't every time some local politician was blowing wind of everybody's butt
We didn't, you know, interrupt and put that on the air because we know the kind of crap that they're going to say was useless garbage
There was no meaningful information for your fat ass governor or they had the local politicians who were busy pontificating
So we had the, you know, we had the ability to add, you know, to take our time to give out the useful information
And maybe put a few people on the air once we got that ability back, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
What I'm saying, if I didn't find it, if I had the ability to go, I take you out here right now and kick your...
See what I'm saying?
Teeth it
Right
You've probably thought I forgot about that
Oh, for you
Now Alex Bennett and his party mom was he a talent or what that Alex Bennett?
No
And when I found out that Norma Kent went up there to serious to meet with Emily's look in the studio
And there was Alex Bennett sitting there, I thought to myself
All of these things
Wow, that's another ingredient in the assessment
Oh my God
Not that it wouldn't be nice to be honest being honest serious
So I guess, uh, Stern pretty close on January on serious
Everybody getting serious yet or what?
No
Oh and you ought to be pleased about this
I don't know if you about the chairman of the CBC, the CPC, CPC, CPC, BFD, Kenneth Thomson, resigning, will you wear that?
No
This right wing Nazi that they put in charge because this is right up your alley
Carl Roe, still under investigation for his alleged rule and leaking the identity of an undercover CIA agent
Faced possible implication in further scandal yesterday after the resignation of an ally accused of misusing public broadcasting funds for partisan political purposes
Kenneth Thomson, a friend of the powerful presidential adviser for a decade, was forced to resign on Thursday as chairman of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting
Where he set out to control what he saw as liberal media bias
And in term of report found he had overreached in those ambitions
Yesterday it emerged that Mr. Thomson is also under investigation by the State Department for possible abuses of power in a second job as head of the federal agency overseeing government broadcast to foreign countries
The New York Times reported he was suspected of diverting federal funds to further his partisan agenda at the CPC
The investigation is also looking at allegations that he put unqualified cronies and ghost employees on the federal payroll
There was no suggestion that Mr. O. was implicated but the State Department was reported to be looking in the emails between the two men
President Bush remains under pressure to fire Mr. Roe, whose closest and most trusted to the IWO we know about Valerie Plain and B. Bush, who are Libby
The plane scandal goes to the heart of the Bush administration's rationale for war in Iraq because the leaking of her name was part of an apparent effort to smear her husband Joe Wilson
Former US ambassador would publicly contradict the administration claims that Iraq was pursuing nuclear weapons program
Well there you go, there's you another one Ken, Kenneth Thomson, another crook
You see, what did I tell you a few weeks ago you laughed at me you thought I was like a swishful thinking when I said the deck of cards
I said the deck of cards was crumbling down did I tell you that?
I just didn't want to jinx it by believing it
Just like a bunch of dominoes in Domino Park at Fat Stomino Park
He was also there on some of those time left the ones in the 50s and 60s
Fans, why do you know what he looked like? Not good. But he's okay Antoine Fat Stomino, one of my old time favorites
He's okay, he's walking in a whirlwind very slowly with his hip-boots on
There you go, Trenton very likely to those chit-chatty rules floating around
He's good
So 13, 560, huh?
There's floating out of New Orleans there for one
There's a lot of stuff floating out of New Orleans
When disaster strikes in this event hurricane Wilma and your home or business has suffered water damage
There's only one place to call in that strike concept
I've been using it in my home for over 20 years
There's nobody does a job like them. They're like miracle workers right there in your house
Drive concepts can remove access water and dry your home or business fast using the latest innovations and drag techniques
Drive concept drying system can eliminate the need for costly reconstruction and replacement of treason belongings
Unhealthy mold and mildew conditions are eliminated because they use specialized drying processes
If the damage is more extensive and you had like a really big mess, drive concept licensed contractors can provide needed estimates and professional services too
They give you written guaranteed price no matter what they do for you upfront before they start the job
So if water damage from Wilma really hits your heart panic no more call the professionals the best in the universe
Drive concepts call them toll free from daybroward of the Palm Beach is 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
If you have your internet's back it's dryconcepts.com
This is Neil Rodgers
This is 516-Q-A-S
Dr. Dottolary
Every good Christian knows a game to play
It's not so very hard to do
The name of the game is the Bible
If you are hurt with it's the way we do
Tell people you know the way
If I can do your house
Make their possessions away
And then you burn it down
You can get somebody to believe in
If you make the Bible say it's true
No matter what you do you can be good or free
The Lord will always forgive you
Pick up the poison and snake
The Bible says
Wave it all around
The Bible says
Find the story's finish
The Bible says
And shoot a doctor down
Everybody play a war with me
You okay?
Come on you, we don't need publicism
Speak the crowd out of their kids
The Bible says
Your children are out of the battle
You're on a scale from it
The Bible says
And touch the play around
The Bible says
And I open chicken eggs
The Bible says
You make a sacrifice
You set the hinders
I have two more for the poor
How can we have ever left these off
And I guarantee you there will be a lot of votes
And they both have to do with the same person
What are your very favorites?
Let me give you a little audio clue
Oh man
Where were you during the OJ Chase on the freeway?
I think it's best way to put it right
Close the chase
The OJ Chase on the freeway
And secondly when the OJ verdict was announced
Now the OJ Chase on the freeway
We were in Vegas, remember that you were there?
Yes we were
Always that already found his body on the side of the road
Yeah you had the super too richy
Sorry
And we were there and then we wondered what that was going on
And so we're all gathered around the TV
And I was sick as a dog
And then when the verdict was announced
Of course we've been carrying all kinds of crap
And talking about it, it ignores you in the air
And we were carrying on IOD
We were on the air
And we were carrying audio from KFI in Los Angeles, remember that?
Yep
And the verdict came over and they read
Not guilty and I went
Oh my god
Just like that
My jaw dropped to my toenails
So those both belong on there
OJ verdict announced and OJ on the freeway
Got it? Good
Jewish defense league figure Earl Krugel or is that Krugel?
Earl Krugel convicted an applaud to bomb a California mosque in the office of US Congressman
Was killed at the Federal Prison Arizona FBI spokesman since Saturday
A shop is no less, oh you're a vase mayor
You go, Earl
Krugel 62 was killed on the Assault Friday evening
Oh right in time for a shop is right after sundown or less
At the Federal Correctional Institution and Phoenix
At FBI agent Richard Murray
I wonder if he's kin to Murray the K
Or Murray, Murray Rose, the great Olympic swimmer a hundred years ago
From Australia
Murray wouldn't release further details but said Federal authorities had opened a homicide investigation
Krugel's life, Lola, said FBI investigators told her an inmate had struck her husband on the head from behind with a cement block
Earl never saw it happening
She said he was exercising
He had been at the meeting security prison for three days according to a sister Linda Krugel also of Los Angeles
Although I still do have a yearning for lotion cool
Man is that good, what's the reasons?
Earl Krugel a former dental assistant from past it from Augustita and LHDL leader Irv Rubin were arrested 2001
And charged with conspiring to bomb the K-5 mosque in Culver City and a field or office of Republican representative Darley Issa who is Lebanese American
Krugel pleaded guilty in 2003 to one kind of conspiracy to violate the civil rights of worshipers at the mosque
And one kind of carrying an explosive device and connection with a conspiracy to impede a ranger and officer of the USA
Despite the plea, it was sentenced in September of 20 years in the slammer, he ain't gonna make it
The reasons for the collapse of an initial plea of reminor were sealed despite a lawsuit by news organizations to make the detailed public
During the case Krugel's lawyers said prosecutors were angered that his client would help for several months the names of four people allegedly connected to the 1985 murder case of Alex Odell
A regional director of the American Air Abandoned Discrimination Committee, several former GDL members respectively
The GDL man, what can I tell you about the GDL?
How is our Mara Kahani doing? Is he still dead?
We have our Mara Kahani, don't you remember?
Yes, he was defensely militant, lunatic, smatha wearing, malunatic
Here's a follow-up on a story, I don't even know if we know I never did get to this story last week
Well, we had bigger fish to fry, you know, about the woman who glued her boyfriend's genitals to his abdomen?
Really though?
Yes, Greenford, Pennsylvania, oh there's nothing like Greensburg, that's the right near the Mountain View, they're about Pittsburgh
I think Mountain View and this in Greensburg, they sure got good turkey and stuff in there and liver minions
A Westmoreland County jury on Friday ordered a woman to pay $46,200 to her ex-boyfriend for gluing his genitals to his abdomen
Juror is found in favor of Kenneth Slaby of Pittsburgh in a civil case against Gail O'Toole of Murray'sville after three days of, I wonder if she knows father or tool
After three days of testimony, ordered the payment for pain-suffering emotional distress, appointed television station KDKA
For all the pain and suffering I've been through and the embarrassment, I don't think it's enough still, this Slaby told reporters after the verdict
It's not enough, Slaby's lost it and said the two bro, oh we had the story last week about the guy who's asked out the glue to the toilet
Yeah, yes, it's a true story and they had a schlep model, they had an unbolt the toilet seat from the porcelain bus and schlep model and then finally as they were dragging his ass out and the rest of the suit to the seat fell off
Anyway, Slaby's lawsuits said the two broke up in 1999 after dating for 10 months, he began dating somebody else
After he broke up with his other girlfriends, Slaby said O'Toole invited him over to her home May 7, 2000 where he fell asleep
He said he woke up to find that O'Toole had used super glue to stick his genitals to his abdomen, grew his buttocks together and spelled a day for a fan of the on his back in nail polish
How do you like that? And it was even worse than juffair worse than that
Slaby said O'Toole and that directions were a payback for their breakup and he had a walk a mile to a gas station to call for help
He pressed charges no tool for his guilty to a misdemeanor assault spent six months on probation
But O'Toole's attorney content of that the incident was nothing more than part of the couple's adventurous consensual sex
Yeah, yeah
Oh man, where you at the party in my house?
Oh God, okay, how are we coming here on our poll?
722 vote, OJ, we got the two OJ ones on there and they tied with Ronnie Reagan, they all have the vote
Oh, they all get some votes, you mean to tell me that that wasn't one of the classic moments of everybody's life watching that freeway chase on there in the NLA?
That was surreal
Yeah, the gun to the head, come on OJ, hold it, turn your OJ and then watch it off
I think the worst one of the worst things I've ever seen in my life, even worse than those stupid morons, those groupies outside the Michael Jackson trial
Oh Michael's in us, all that crap, you know, was the lunatics, the groupies, even the people that were probably the water Nazis was there and probably screw in to end Greg
They were probably on the overpass
You go OJ
Oh man, the real thing
Yeah, watching that was enough for all people raised you up, people raised you and you ran on drug trafficking charts
You accused Rose of conspiracy to distribute GBL, that is considered by some a muscle building steroid
Rose is said to be cooperating with authorities, so what is this drug? Dr. Robert Millman of New York Presbyterian, Wild Cornel Medical Center?
Now we're not going to talk about drugs on this, you're willing that to George's on?
So Pete Rose Jr.'s in Hellwater, now did you hear about the Miami City police chief, his kid in New York?
Yeah, he was
Right, big pot buyer
Now the original story we had on Thursday was it was a hundred pounds apart and then when a whole story came through on Friday, it goes to show it was four hundred pounds apart
Four hundred pounds apart
Four hundred pounds apart, can anybody even envision how much that is?
Well that could last me a week
That should last you about two days
Four hundred pounds my ass
Well it used to be, didn't it?
That's a lot, if you keep eating that ice cream it will be again
Well now what is this you just fetched me? Oh brother
Oh here it is, how is that possible?
It's an amazing thing
Brian and Papa Tobage, you're on top of it today Brian, he fetched us earlier something that was pretty useful to better forget
How about the challenger?
Brian's doing a better show than we are, we're just saying one
You go Brian, what's your show?
Pete Rose Jr.'s saying he could be on the ticket pretty soon if they don't watch you to pick it below and
Oh yeah, next trend to understand they might have some numbers that have a minus in front
Pete Rose Jr.'s son of Pete Rose who is a real slime ball, surrounded the federal authorities today
The faith charges that it was distributing GBL, a drunk sometimes used to be a steroid alternative
Distributing, they thirty five year old Rose could face a maximum of twenty years in prison
Oh come on, the DEA said as a rest is part of a larger investigation into major GBL traffic reorganization
The indictment said Rose admitted that he received GBL from a prison in Tennessee while remember the Chattanooga lookouts
The W.A. affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds, he also said that half the players on that team he supplied him with a drug
According to Rose, teammates would take GBL to wind down after the games
How do you like that?
The GBL investigation began in 1989 and has included one of the largest seizures of GBL in history
In January 2004, DEA's in seized about 280 gallons of GBL from a storage unit in Murphys, Bro Tennessee
Further investigation revealed that Murphys, Bro, resident Bruce Michael Wayne, I wonder if he's, that's Bruce Wayne
Was a nation-wide distributor of the drug?
What you had to be on drugs to walk around and then tights, my God, Bruce Wayne
And what about Robin? What about him? I'm trying to find it
The adventures of Batman, with Robin, boy wonder
He looks like he's Batman and Robin, dynamic duo against Brian Coropters
Who's really like him?
He was a reward, not as pedophile
That's what I was, it really wasn't worth it
28 past noon at 560 WDQ and we got the Mohawar Deyapista thief, Mohawar Deyapista too, we got Mad Dog at 4
Curtis Stevenson at 10, no kind of Adelaide and the Catalan at 10, another old Jew
Hey, the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian Gore Mayba Faye is rated by Zagat Restaurant Review
And our every Friday through Sunday night, you can enjoy lobster, fest featuring main lobster served thermometer style
And every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest, with laskins, snow crab legs, dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell and a sushi bar that's sushi with over 30
About 30 minutes of items looking back at you
The Emerald Coast also served New York Steaks, Cook, Juicy and deliciousness the way you like them and even hand-car prime room
And on the weekends, for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast, famous 40-inch chocolate fountain
Thank you Josh, you can end up here on Strader as marshmallows other than I can freeze
In fact, we're gonna give Josh the commission on this account because Adam obviously is falling down on the job
Don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes healthy living cooking order, fine cuisine only, with cholesterol, freaking over oil, no MSD, no cornstarch, no crab, no headaches
Just a big smile on your very very fat and poose when you walk out of there
So book your reservations of one Emerald Coast three locations, they're all open and do a business right now
In sunrise, Sunny Al's Beach and Pepper Pines for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet, which is the best in the universe called 954-572-38-22
This is Neil Rogers, this is 5.16.28
White baby in this country and your climate would go down
The federal government just warned the government to play
Under wintering criticism from both parties, Brown offered no apology
And mostly, great others, who did a barbell, it cost hundreds of dollars
White Brown, there's no one left to play my said brownie
You're the government shame, I said brownie
The sugar rears have been blamed, there's no one I know
Oose, North Lane, George Bush, we better make them shut up before he says
If we're too whomest stop, you can defend him
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time
I was very desperate
This way you dumb to run the heavy M8, some people die when he ran heavy M8
Now that everyone knows that your leadership votes, you can go back to your horrors shows
Today those Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official, his testimony must be cleared by the White House
I still can't get over the fact that those emails, they made a little bit of a deal out of it for about two minutes
And that was the end of that, I mean it was so unbelievable
And not only that, but the guy still on the payroll at the rate of 147 grand a year
He's still on a freaking payroll
But he's held a snappy dress, yes he is
And he's going to roll up his sleeves and do do do do, just like Ross Piro is going to do do do
Just unbelievable, 744 votes on our poll
Which of these things stands out most in your memory, where were you when the 9th level of attack took place 315
When you first got laid, 196, when JFK was shot 141
Hurricane Andrews struck South Florida 42 and the challenger exploded 37
That was the one with the school teacher
When Bill Clinton was in P6, Bobby Kennedy was shot 4, Martin Luther King was shot, got a pair now
The OJ bird was announced 1, OJ being chased on the freeway, none and Ronald Reagan shot none
How was it possible that OJ freeway chase was like, my God
The likes stick out in your mind pretty heavy money
He went on and on and on, we fell asleep actually because of what he saw
I wish Delaney had that gun to his hand, you know
And we said AJ would have said, what are triggers, see what happens OJ
He saw a lot of grief, I'll tell you that
And save those satellite companies a lot of theft too
That also was on, I'm sure you saw that news last week while you were sick in the dog
Which one?
About OJ and the satellite having to pay 43, however many grand, something though listed
Oh yeah, in a spare time he's not doing drugs, he's stealing satellite signals
Yeah, who is it?
Oh, this story, you know something?
I don't know why I stuck this in the middle of the pile, it's a little on the long side
But see, there's an old saying, I think my mother used to say, do you think you know something?
I mean when you hear something that is so radical and so just outrageous
And of course the American people most of whom never go anywhere because only 10% have passports
So don't try to tell me you get around too much
But the stuff that goes on in the world is no wonder they eat that all that curry, you know
New Delhi, Sharon Preet Kauer, 19 has been, had been married less than nine months
When her husband and his family decided it was time for her to go
Trapping her in the bathroom, her husband clans his hand over her mouth
While his father doused her with kerosene, according to a police document
The father then lit a match setting his daughter-in-law on fire, she died five days later
India's endless dowry war has had claimed another victim
Now what's standing the gold jewelry, color TV set other fire, we've served as the price of admission to her husband's middle class sick household
And sick you can spell it any way you like
Sharon Preet's new relations were not satisfied with the bounty and kept demanding more
According to Sharon Preet's relatives and the statements she gave investigators before she died
Even before this incident my father and I used to put pressure on me to get more money
Said the statement by the young woman who was three months pregnant
The case is unusual only because Sharon Preet lived long enough to point her finger at her legs
Attackers who claimed the fire was accidental
I'm surprised that it was a suicide
The incident underscores the deeply entrenched nature of dowry and its grim corollary
The murder of young brides whose families failed to andy up
Even in the face of rising levels of income and education linked to India's fast growing economy
In particular the death of a young newlywed a shy deeply religious school teacher's daughter
Whose husband had a college degree in working computer graphics
Shows that the age old practice endures even and perhaps especially among the educated urban middle class in India
Despite laws borrowing dowry and decades of protest and public awareness campaigns
A nationwide survey of 10,000 households by the All India Democratic Women's Association in 2002
Found that the practice was no longer confined to the Hindu upper classes where it originated
But had spread across a broad range of classes and communities including Muslims and Christians
One consequence is the growing birth of baby girls in India
Where many middle class parents fearing the high cost of dowry have taken to a boarding female fetuses identified through ultrasound exams
The skewed sex ratio is most pronounced in relatively prosperous areas such as New Delhi, the capital
Where the 2001 census found 868 girls for every 1000 boys under age 6
The figure for India as a whole is 933 girls for every 1000 boys
I think in a way it's very shocking that social relations are not changing in a fast growing economy
Said Ron Johnny Kumari, director of the Center for Social Research in New Delhi
All this modernization, liberalization, globalization, all this modern economy
And the people are changing the mindset is so rigid
Kind of sounds like all those farfishing, the right wing, real board, and Christians
There are some signs of progress for example the number of reported dowry killings is dipped slightly
From 6,000, 851 and 2001 to only 6,285 and 2003
The most recent year for which stats are available
And two years ago Indian news media made a heroine out of Nisha Sharma, a 21-year-old computer student
Who summoned police to a wedding when the groom's family escalated their dowry demands at the last minute
Maxim only lands placed by parents and prospective brides occasionally come with a caveat
dowry seekers need not apply
By all accounts however dowry giving remains the norm in Indian marriages
The union of Sharon P. Kowar and Sarabjeet Singh was no exception
And it goes down with it, we got to store it on our website, I don't want to read the whole thing
How do you like that?
Now I have a dowry baby color, whatever color TV, gold jewelry, a few other at Choshkis here in it
Not enough, so they like dowry with Kyrgyzstan, like during the bathroom instead of a restaurant
I was here and I want to see her normal
She didn't hang out for five days though
That's your friends in India
They're going to pay for that policy because like you said in this story
Because it's been going on for a long time
They keep the boardy those females, the females are going to get scarce and then what?
And then they'll all turn gay
Hey I know a few of those are people from India man
They are party animals, trust me when I tell you
Although sometimes that career Roma kind of gets in the way rhymes with gay
20 to 1 at 560 W.A.M. if hurricane will mud damage your car so that now you're in the market for a brand new one
Get on down and see our good friends at Armstrong Ford, to help you through these trying times
Armstrong Ford will even pick you up and bring it to the dealership
Now Ford nationwide is giving all hurricane victims a $750 check and David Rich and the staff also giving you 750
That means they'll give you $1500 toward the purchase of a Ford only at Armstrong Ford or homestead
This is an addition of course to all Ford we've been discussing their entire inventory
When you buy a new Ford from Armstrong Ford, not only to give you a great deal but you also still get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program
And Armstrong Ford like I've been telling you for a very long time treats you like family because they want to make you a customer for life
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace no bait and switch no foamy deals nobody has just fantastic prices that are absolutely unbeatable
Armstrong Ford or homestead there are 307 25 South Fixiawai just 20 minutes south of the 836
Check them on the wicked web, ArmstrongCars.com or give David Rich a call at 305 247 51 12 and ask him to come and pick your ass up and get that $1500 toward your purchase right now
Drive a little and save thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead
This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixty-action A.S.
A.S.
1244 560 W.Q.M.
We get information on the condition of the Macarena because it says here Panthers and Rangers at the Macarena on Wednesday night
Game is on your Florida Panthers who are really disappointing me of course you'll know and that is perpetually injured and they just don't screw no goals but other than that
768 votes on the poll I think we go for 900 what are you saying?
All right got a shot what you say Josh 900 we can do it yeah we can do it you're a sun real enthusiastic though yeah okay you want for anybody who missed the early part of the show
That's one of the classic lines in instrument kind if you were listening on Friday and you heard Miguel and Josh and I debating the pros and cons of Body Wash
And I guess we all agree now that all of all Miguel even said uses like half and half because he still likes dropping his open on him
But we agree pretty much on the body wash but the way you apply it that seemed to be the greatest cause of constipation and consternation
Not really I'm happy with the way I claim myself no you're wrong you're wrong and George I agree with you though it'll be three against one
Yeah they do have one of those things called a leaf a leaf a thing
These guys would tell me it's Lufa but it's it's Lufa yeah but then there's a new product based on the Lufa called the Lufa
Yeah that's the one I got LEAFA I'm gonna get me something like that it's not a scrungy it doesn't look gay at all it just looks like a sponge
Unless you get the pink one like I got yeah everybody's got a pink one what's up with that?
I only got the pink one because that's the only one they had on their hook in there I didn't want to make her what color is you know
Oh my wife's got a pink one too yeah I don't want to hear about it
And nothing I'm gonna get me a leafa there you go so in other words Josh you're starting to be in there with Miguel
So Miguel this morning came in and finally admitted to Josh quarters that he did use his girlfriend's wife I'm sorry I'm not sure whether it was wife's or his girlfriend
But wife's squeegee there with his body washed this was it this morning last night's pink Lufa
The pink Lufa scrungy and when he finished with that chari fellow he had washed every ounce of masculinity off his body
Right down the drain there oh that is so
That's the word I'm looking for just just typical low absolute typical
I mean if you want to do a psychological study on this macho hang up of Latinos men is just positively
Absolutely staggering staggering including the majority of your people by the way who'll do anything that's living even like a fire ant
That would explain a lot yeah anyway sure it's those
So thanks to David and Tampa Pax and CEO resigns as part of deal with NBC Universal
Now do I really want to read this whole thing I don't really care about this it's just FYI
Pax and communications corporation founder and chief executive the anxious bloodpax is resigning today from the broadcast network and television station operator
He'll be succeeded to see oh by our brand in Burgess and executive vice president general electric's NBC Universal
Which owns 32% stake in Pax and as part of the new agreement with Pax and NBC Universal is 18 months to either require the company or find a third party to buy Pax
This guy just swimming in money he's just a total foamy baloney and just a although we hit some interesting times working there you know
I don't totally regret those a few months of Pax and it was interesting it was a one year solid wasn't it no one year solid my ass
We started there in November of whatever year that was what year was it 91
No, we're a coxled I would we started there in whatever year that one I was more than that 95 wait wait wait wait
Because we've been eight years of this dump so 96 who knows one of what that's not important what year was you started November
And then in May was the end I don't know about that oh yeah, all right may I'll take your word for me or June because I remember I was on a way to the airport
I worked on a way to Rome going on vacation and I had that frantic message on a reconcert show from Norma Kent and they'll call me if you're listening and blah blah blah
Now come from the airport and yeah, you're okay. You're golden you're off for seven months. Well, let's see do the math
Made a June July August September October November December. Yeah, it was the end of May May 30 to like the end of December seven months
That had the non-compete so they paid me for seven months not to come back and I went oh yeah
Well, everybody in her lifetime should get one of those deals get paid for seven months for not having to work
Oh yes! And you paid a lot I mean a lot although I did I had to pay for myself though that time I had to go drive to the station to pick up my check member
Yeah, had that little incident there on the curve around there the exit off of the turn pack there going to the air robbing the stadium exit
Yeah, banged up your head banged up my head a little bit and then you slipped me there that hospital there. Yeah
In my mate believe Dr. Backdance said ah should be your worst problem remember him don't do mention's name
Oh well
Oh the doctor who always had that good supply on hand seven hundred and seventy five votes on the poll and OJ being chased on the freeway has got one already
I told you that thing would go zooming up there tonight well I don't know I guess people are more interested in the first time they got laid
Is opposed to like OJ being chased on the freeway and the 9-11 attack see this is all a timeline kind of thing
In fact the JFK was shot 146 is in third place now you'd have to meet I was November 22nd 63 that's 37 and 5 42 years ago
So you probably would have to be one 47 remember that okay more than that I'll take your work for it last video
Well, no how old you have to be remembered a little kid if you were a little kid that you wouldn't remember it
I'd say probably have to be like six or seven maybe say seven so I mean you had to be about 50
Well, that's okay. We got a lot of old parts out there too
And of course in my case see I can no longer call people old parts when it gets to be 60 feet the only good part of it is on Friday
Hank told me it was 65 which I thought it was 64 I know he was the oldest old Jew fart on the station but he's 65
And more was he was younger than I am so he's 62 now all we need to do now is find out the post 60s group how old
Eddie Kay is anybody have any idea no he's definitely 60 something you think and Kaplan get out of here are you crazy
You don't think he's at least 60 looks like 50s but what do I know late 50s my ass you want to bet on it
Eddie I'll take the the morning line the overs and under somebody there knows somebody who knows how old Eddie Kay is maybe Eddie is listening I doubted
Call it and let us know how old you are it's the 60 plus club or bunch of old Jews how do you like that Joe fine bird
Oh, man what a jerk
Did you you actually get to see the hour by hour did they leave those for you no I don't think so
All I can tell you is because they like to tend to a scrap of the nation which we kicked ass and a lot of their hours began with that number
It's kind of embarrassing
Oh boy Billy Harris that was the late the great Dan Kelly there from K. M. Lawson say Lewis inside the bunker from the Guardian UK his
Administration has become its own Republic of fear and Bush is a prisoner to the right right Sydney Blumenthal
Do I have time to read this yes it's not real long and a story either one year after his real license president Bush
Governance from a bunker we go forward with complete confidence
He broke into the second inaugural address he urged our youngest citizens to see the future in the determined faces of our soldiers to choose between evil and courage
But as you listen that day vice president digtaining knew the election had been secured by a cover-up
I would have wished nothing better declared Patrick Fitzgerald in his press conference of October 28th announcing the indictment of Ilewis
Scooter Libby the vice president's chief of staff that when the subpoenas were issued in August 2004
Witnesses testified then and we would have been here in October 2004 instead of October 2005
No one would have went to jail the indictment documents that chaining confirmed the identity of allary plan to him the indictment also describes the figure called official a
Subsequently this goes to be Carl Roe of the president's chief of political adviser when formable they told the conservative
Communist Robert Novak of claim status the next day liby conferred with chaining how to handle the matter that very day liby
We view claims identity to two reporters then liby falsely testified they learned claims named from reporters on September 30th
2003 president Bush emphatically stated that he wanted anyone as administration with information about the claim leaked to come forward
On June 10th 2004 he pledged that anyone on the staff who leaked claims name would be fired of it
When the liby indictment was announced Bush and chaining praised him as a fine public servant still under investigation
Roe remains in the west wing but chaining knew during the presidential campaign they had discussed with liby how to deal with claim
Now Bush knows that Roeve had enabled Robert Novak to publish her identity but the president's promise to fire officials is suddenly inoperative
Libby Zlezkov rep was undertaken in the spirit of neo-conservative Leninism any tactic is rationalized by the vanguard which says all policy and uses the party as its instrument
If he attestified truthfully in October 2004 the result would have consumed the final days of the campaign his Leninist logic permitted him to protect the republican cause but his tainted Bush's victory in history
Bush took his 2004 win as a resounding mandate for a right wing agenda
When each right turn however as popularly declined a rack active as an accelerator of his fall is nomination of her he admires for the Supreme Court was an acknowledgement of a sharply narrow political space
While the republican masses supported him the Leninist right stage to revolt and Bush's crony is an opportunism they saw his deviation
With the prosecutors indictment a minute Bush with June by Meyer's name broadly unpopular he could not suffer a split right
His new nominee federal judge Samuel Alito a reliable sectarian is attributed to his bunker strategy
Hosh needs to his failed fortune Bush is a prisoner of the right his administration has become its own republic of fear
Libby's trial will reveal the administration's political methods chaining along with the host of others will be called the testify
Whatever other calamities may be fall Bush these their specter herries him to the right this unity the solution and vacillation or hallmarks of the path of consolation
As Lenin wrote in what is to be done the vanguard on the path of struggle criticized for being an exclusive group must oppose any retreat proposed by the opportunist rear guard
We're surrounded by on all sides by enemies and we have to advance almost constantly under their fire
Now looking good for the Bush and white shorts and that look in really bad in fact tomorrow's election day right election day in the big governor's race in Virginia nothing too important around it
In fact, oh boy couldn't wouldn't be great if this was like 2006 wouldn't it be we'd be like have answered our pants and do the fact dance
791 votes a bit of our refreshments cost 800 right now 794 we got a chance at the 900 during showtime today and considering the fact that at a 6 o'clock this morning F.D.
And also had a hundred and seventy six thousand four hundred households with no power indeed rowdy and Palm Beach that is absolutely unacceptable outrageous
I don't understand why there's not a class action suit against them and you ought to be a part of it you ought to suit their ass where do I sit
What are you chocolate about when I say that why not because why not why do you hate America that's why not
It was in large part their negligence on the pills and a whole song that is that caused so much of this power to be out and for so long too for people like you the suffer and get sick yeah every one of the house like I said I was saying that all they both days that I was confident that everybody
House was sick as a dog.
Oh yeah it's like a fight who's going to get up and go do something you know and everybody's fighting about who gets to go do it.
106,700 households in Broward 62,100 in Dave County only 76 hundred Palm Beach 176,400 still as a 6 this morning sitting there in the dark wondering if Florida
Plunder and Luke will ever come to their rescue hold your breath they're telling us 95% by the end of the day tomorrow 95%
802 votes and a pool man I can smell it now you know I can smell that 900 smells just like Josh read this is meal Roger this is 516
So this is on this is not a tumor it's the ones that two hour
So
And
Tell
It
Ass
You
Mary
Valley
I don't wish to, but I'm tired for some.
Anyway, remember the last week I think it was Tuesday or Wednesday before we went out
second I was trying to think of the name of a movie that Alex Baldwin was in.
Gaslight.
The cooler.
Okay.
The cooler was what you made to Macy, which was finally touted and then I was going to
go out and get it and then I saw it was on the cable at the next night and I realized
it already has seen it and it was, I don't know, you don't want to see it.
All right.
Did you watch Monster's Ball yet?
No.
Okay.
You were going to send that to me and I did.
I gave it to Brian DeCentry.
Well, he never sent it.
He sent me a picture of his house after the hurricane which was like, not too bad.
And he sent me to this.
Didn't send me no monsters balls though.
He didn't even send me no third ball.
I think I gave it to him DeCentry.
Well, I doubt it.
That Alzheimer's a kick in again.
Anyway, Alex Baldwin was good.
He was very good.
He beat the crap.
Just beat the living snot out of where he made to Macy's kid in that movie and the cooler.
But I don't know.
Maybe you would enjoy it.
I'm not really sure.
Well, if it comes right.
I could go out and buy it for you.
814 votes on that poll today.
We're going to make our 900 by 2 o'clock.
And then Tom Jik is going to write a big headline in the Sunset of the Mar on the Front Page.
Near Roger's show makes 900 votes on the right after the hurricane.
Listen, he didn't have to mention my name.
He didn't have to mention anybody's name at least.
At least he could have said the staff at QAIM and IOD or whatever, right?
Could have given us a little credit for radio people, but no.
And this shows again where he's coming from.
That's all he knows is television.
Right.
He knew television on his television or television on his radio.
Maybe he's getting television audio on his pop-up toaster.
Maybe there's even television coming out at times.
Right, Tom.
I think you need to come to terms with that.
Which what?
The fact that he doesn't care about radio anymore.
Oh, I know that.
Well, I know another thing about him too.
He's funny.
Stupid.
I know that.
And he's good buddies with Hank, which you know what I'm talking about.
I really enjoy doing that because I don't hang kind of squirms in the chair.
Like this story about Pete Rose Jr.
I actually saved it.
You want to know why?
Why?
Probably Hank will call him in signal.
Well, it's okay.
I can save the story for because, you know, every time I bring up Pete Rose, he's got like something.
I don't know what kind of dealings he's got with him.
I'm probably like, I'll share the same book here or something.
I don't know.
Maybe.
But every time I bring that up, he gets kind of uncomfortable and changes the subject.
And starts talking about it.
Do it, do it, do it.
No, or some crap like that.
I mean, what would you rather?
A trash, Pete Rose or Moe?
Well, I'm asking the wrong guy.
Yeah.
I thought that thought that Josh did a really, and that was a nice thing.
He did a nice gesture.
He did it in a very gentlemanly way.
Very in a spirit of cooperation and friendship and extending the olive branch.
I grew up, I think there were any olives on it.
In fact, it was pepperoni and sausage.
That's why I was a little offended.
That's a good piece or anything.
Yeah, that's the best.
That's why I said pepperoni and from Tonys of the street, this wasn't just, this wasn't
Chef Boyard.
He pizza day, you roll out in your smear a bunch of silly ass sauce on it.
They cook it so the sausage and the pepperoni is crispy on top.
Right.
They were going to have to do it over their Tonys.
But like I said, he wasn't hostile.
He didn't say, oh, it won't be a smart ass.
But, yeah, it could have been a whole bunch of responses.
Maybe he just ate.
Like, see, that's the possibility, right?
Correct.
Most people eat at a normal time.
Or maybe he just continues hating us like poison, which I think is much more likely,
and just didn't want to be bothered.
We tried.
We continue trying to, no matter what, we'll continue extending the olive branch and
either grab it or we can snap at it.
California man caught.
Now, this is nothing new.
I don't know why they put this to run here.
Like, this is something new and original.
California man caught in the HOV lane with a dummy.
OK.
Well, years ago, when he first started with it, though, I don't have that.
You have the cart where Rick Weaver says you would dummy.
I don't have that.
I do have this.
He is on a clear streak right now.
I have that.
No, but when he started with the HOV lane and Florida on the interstate,
there were people doing that.
In fact, I think that some of the guys were using putting their blow-up
down there in the passenger seat.
San Rafael California, say what you want about police officers.
Why could never charge for an autograph?
You would dummy.
Oh, is it greater?
Well, we sure miss Rick Weaver, man.
There was the voice of an offense make no mistake about it.
He was no Jimmy Cifilis.
Well, I bet you Jimmy had a great call and that came yesterday.
What do you think, Josh?
Considering I heard, like, one minute of it.
Well, he actually did hear a minute of it.
And does he make it any strides?
Not by my one minute.
No.
Hey, Jimmy, you suck, baby.
Hey, Jimmy Cifilis.
You're fair.
Say what you want about police officers,
but there are no dummies.
The California Highway Patrol gave Kevin Morgan 20 into Petaluma,
a $351 citation for driving a high-occupancy vehicle
or H.O.V.L.L.N.
where they kickboxing dummy propped up in the passenger seat.
You would dummy.
The dummy was wearing a Miami Dolphin.
The dolphin was wearing a Miami Dolphin's windbreaker
and baseball cap.
But, Officer, Will Thompson noticed that the passenger had no legs.
When I looked inside his window, I thought,
oh, that's cute, Thompson said.
I don't need to ask him where he got it.
I think he was pretty embarrassed because all the people
driving by were laughing their ass off, he said.
Thompson often parks next to a carpool lane
and stands on his corridor where
I'd look down into passing vehicles.
His point of view, a lot of the city, Legless dummy.
I think about the only thing he said was,
well, that didn't help me very much.
They did it, Thompson said.
I said, no, it didn't.
Thompson then placed the dummy on a freeway shoulder
to deter other commuters from similar schemes.
Oh, that's great.
Wearing a Dolphin's cap and a Dolphin's windbreaker.
Oh, how perfect.
I think that was nice.
Thank you.
Let me ask you the best.
I mean, it should have been gusts for rock.
Hey, listen, when you continue with all the trash,
all the old, boiled over, warmed over,
from J. Feeler to AJ Touchy Feely and gusts for rock,
this is their idea of a quarterback, okay?
How are you gonna build a winning organization
no matter how great your defense is,
or anything else you got going, or your running game?
When you've got no quarterback, huh?
Does the tech genius even George knows that?
Even George hates sports like,
he hates spectators sports like poison.
Even George knows if you don't have a good quarterback,
you're not gonna win squat.
Even you know that.
Right, what's the point?
You gotta stop that.
The gusts for rock blows.
That's what I hear.
You know what I'm your confusing with Peyton Manning now.
828 votes on that pool, man.
We are gonna kick some serious ass by two o'clock, you watch.
In spite of time, J. Feeler.
We hate you, Tom.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey!
Yes, sir.
Some new information was just released
about those two cheerleaders they were caught in the can.
Yeah.
One of them was getting a brown thing, guys.
Huh?
Well, he's right.
That is something good information.
Rhymes with the Huzinga.
That was great.
Oh, remember those good things, though.
I don't think so.
Zingers.
I think he had the wrong color, but nevertheless,
I'm up to color of money.
How about the color purple?
567-056, people in his first somebody's great calls here.
Oh, I got a good story that you would like a good article
by Katrina Van Hovel about Walmart since you ain't
the right point.
I love Katrina, right?
Oh, there's my phone again.
Boy, that's how the package is shown up like crazy today.
Maybe that's the phone in the present you didn't want.
Oh, you think that's what it is?
Maybe.
I was hoping it was my, what you call it,
my humanifier that I ordered online.
I'll tell you something.
I really like ordering stuff online now.
Yeah, it's great.
It's especially when it gets there.
Yeah.
Oklahoma High School hoops team loses 112 to two.
This was an ill-biter.
Roseboro, Oklahoma.
The Hannah High School basketball team
can take some consolation.
They didn't get shut out.
It didn't, however, lose 112 to two
unfrighted and that's at Roseboro.
It was embarrassing to watch
Earl's Bro coach Jim Walling told the Oklahoma,
but you can't just tell your kids not to score.
I've been coaching 27 years.
Never been involved in something like this.
The Wildcats played 42 to zip after one quarter,
73 to two and a half time.
Walling pulled the starters in a second half.
Oh, that was nice of him.
And Game of Fistals kept it running clock,
stopping it only for free throws.
Each player in Earl's Bro's 10 man boys roster scored,
seven players finished and double figures.
112 to two.
Let's hear it.
I bet you even, what's his name?
Gus Farot couldn't play a game like that of any sport.
What do you think?
No.
833 vote on a poll.
Here's what we got so far.
Oh, look at that.
Boats on a part of Marina and Glen Cove and Long Island.
In other news.
Oh, OK.
833 votes.
Oh, there's that guy in Houston who is on a bicycle
and drunk as a skunk.
See, people were probably thinking
a boy this guy was pretty clever to escape off death
role like that, right?
I guess they're not quite so clever as we thought.
It's safe away from where he was where he had escaped.
And our teed Oppenheim is in Houston, Texas, where authorities
still have many questions.
Yeah, a lot of questions like, and of course, you'll
recall a Ted Bundy there.
But now, actually, I can never get it straight in my mind.
Was it in Salt Lake City?
Where was it?
What jail was he and where he just walked?
They left him in the room alone.
He walked out the window, opened up the window,
walked down, just disappeared.
Every time I hear about something like that,
I want to say Florida.
No, but no, it was not.
OK.
No, this was like out.
And in fact, this may have been in the Northwest up in Seattle
or wherever the hell he was originally from.
Don't know.
Well, work on it.
833 vote.
Which of these three of things stands out in most
in your memory?
Where were you when the night 11 attack took place 345?
When I first got laid to 18, when
J.A.K. was shot 154.
Hurricane Andrew struck Florida 49.
The challenger exploded 44.
Bill Clinton was impeached.
Six.
The OJ verdict was announced five.
Bobby Kennedy was shot five.
OJ was being chased on the freeway four.
Martin Luther King was shot two.
And Ronnie Reagan was shot.
Salamete Oonin.
And that probably was Nancy.
But this is Neil Rogers.
This is five.
Nice and fast dancing.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
The night 10, overward.
That deal is over there.
He's got a lot of time to talk about me.
That way.
I don't give a crap what that very message is saying is.
You see what the folks think?
So guys have what?
What are you going to do with it?
I have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
I'm rewarding at the scandal.
I can't elevate it down.
And on my way to the car when I call my golden basket out,
I give a three-kondo table.
The show is on back and pow.
The show is on back and pow.
Go away.
The show is on back and pow.
Go away.
The show is on back and pow.
Go away.
The zone.
The zone.
I wish it was on back and pow.
Why you Linjipatta.
My God, all of you moral groups.
But I know everything that's going on inside you and crazy,
I even know all the new march on rules. I'm into the Gi.
Daddy, I'll lose.
You bet there's no one's not to die.
It's the bed is snow when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my boys loose chains.
You little smoothies.
I'm just a baby.
I'm just a baby.
I'm just a baby.
I'm just a baby.
I'm just a baby.
I'm just a baby.
Once 17 at 560 WMQM, we got 850 votes on our poll today.
Where were you when?
Where were you when?
Maybe they were in the tea room at the banana joes.
Think?
Possibly.
Maybe that's why they got that purple finger.
I thought that meant you just voted in a rank.
Is it purple?
It's been a tough year for Wal-Mart's country and abandoned Hovel.
And things are about to get tougher.
And George says,
Last Tuesday at the World Premier of Robert Greenwald's Wal-Mart,
the high cost of low price,
SEIU Chief Andy Stern declared,
this isn't just the premiere of a movie.
It's the premiere of a movement.
You can almost smell it.
During the week of November 13th and 19th,
over 3,000 screenings of the film are planted
in all 50 states and 19 countries.
Throughout Wal-Mart,
weak the two largest groups,
opposing the retail behemoths practices.
Wal-Mart, watch and wake up Wal-Mart,
are planting an unprecedented series of actions.
Aren't you ecstatic?
Thrilled.
Almost makes it worthwhile going through all that hell for two weeks.
Almost spiraling into PR crisis,
mode the world's largest corporation is just assembled
a rapid response public relations team in Arkansas,
which includes former presidential advisors,
Michael K. Deaver of the Reagan administration,
and Leslie Dancer, the Clinton White House.
Wal-Mart's new war room certainly has its work cut out for itself.
While the movement to change Wal-Mart has reached a fever pitch,
throughout the year, Wal-Mart watch
and wake up Wal-Mart away to the Waves Day,
tirelessly and highly coordinated campaign.
Here are some of the highlights.
Innovative boycotts. Over 2,000 teachers,
students at Activist and more than 20 states,
participated in Wake Up Wal-Mart's National
Send Wal-Mart Back to School campaign,
with the AFT and NEA urging students to buy school supplies
that store us other than Wal-Mart.
Over 20,000 Americans play to not to buy their mother's day
gives it Wal-Mart thanks to Wake Up Wal-Mart's love mom,
not Wal-Mart campaign.
Make Wal-Mart cheer about healthcare campaign.
Wake Up Wal-Mart help coordinate more than 120 house parties
in 38 states. I want to heart-lake later was in any of them.
We slide to over 150 actions in creating legislators
to crack down on Wal-Mart's healthcare policy.
Thanks largely to pressure from Wake Up Wal-Mart supporters,
Representative Anthony Wiener,
Senator Ted Kennedy, and Senator John Corzine,
introduced the Healthcare Accountability Act in Congress,
which would require states to disclose the names of large employers,
whose workers are unmedicated as a result of the company's refusal
to provide insurance benefits.
The Fair Share Healthcare Act.
Representatives of Wake Up Wal-Mart and Wal-Mart watch
lobby Maryland's legislature and help pass the first
legislature in the nation that would require large companies
specifically Wal-Mart to pay for health benefits for its employees.
Although Republican Governor Robert Erlich vetoed the bill,
the movement to get such legislation passed under states has just begun.
Over 2,000 Wake Up Wal-Mart supporters have pledged to leave the fight
in their states to introduce fair share healthcare legislation.
Blocking the bank in September, Wal-Mart watched delivered
over 11,000 signed petition to the FDIC in opposition to Wal-Mart's
investigation for an industrial loan charter in Utah.
According to Wal-Mart watch, a Utah ILC would effectively grant Wal-Mart
the ability to loan businesses and individuals money to spend in Wal-Mart
stores violating prohibitions against the mixing of banking and commerce.
The pretensions have had a staggering impact on the FDIC,
and has significantly delayed the ILC process since Wal-Mart watch
spokesperson, Tracey Seffel, and the leaked memo.
On October 26th, Wal-Mart watch delivered a knockout of blow to Wal-Mart.
The corporation had just made giant strides to rebuild its image publicly
declaring its intent to offer healthcare plans for its employees and
forcing support for a federal minimum wage increase.
The very next day, the New York Times published a cover story
and the leaked internal memo acquired by Wal-Mart watch, which detailed
Wal-Mart's plans to systematically weed out unhealthy employees and
Africans in order to avoid healthcare costs.
The exposure of the memo instantly deflated Wal-Mart's Hollywood
temp to add an image makeover.
We don't want to destroy Wal-Mart. We want to change it to make it a decent
humane company which it could easily do as Chris Cafina's communication
director of Wake Up Wal-Mart, whose dresses at Wal-Mart will be a key issue
in the 2006 and 2008 campaign elections.
We're not going to rest or sleep one bit until it happens,
and see writes the nation is part of a wide coalition of groups organizations
and publications, something to generate interest in the screenings.
How do you like that? You go, boys.
Yeah. Because on the show we hate Wal-Mart and floor to plunder
and loot non-necessarily in that order.
Oh, is it? In that order.
In today, maybe not.
Really? Yeah. Wow.
That says a lot. I've been hating Wal-Mart for years.
800 and see if you have a tape after once every responsible for your power being
off until yesterday afternoon.
I know. Are they?
They are.
Of course not.
861 way. Let's play with it on them.
That's a dog down and I think.
Let's play with it on Mo.
Dog down.
861 on that pull, man.
If we don't get to 900 by two o'clock, there'll be something really wrong.
I think we can all agree that it'll be a piece of cake, right?
Right. No brainer.
And then if we make 900 today, a thousand tomorrow,
let's get back to business, okay?
I told you today was the day after two weeks of screwing off.
Although, now let me just check and see all the way.
I'm positive the answer will be absolutely positively.
Oh no.
Let me just add a curiosity.
See if there's a new update, a one o'clock number on the FBI.
What do you think? Any bets?
I want to say that.
We've got to find out.
I'm shocked that nobody came in there and said, oh,
861 by the way already.
You know, nobody told you?
Well, I don't think there's anybody here.
What?
It's lunch hour.
And you're not in here.
The lunch two hours.
Nobody took the trouble.
What a bunch of slackers we got there, man.
If we had any cooperation, if we had anybody,
given us even like a little finger, I'm not talking about that one.
You know what I'm saying?
Just a little heaven hand.
Very disturbing story, by the way, before I tell you about Michael Jackson's single,
like you're going to want to avoid the buying on Katrina.
Oh, gee, I was just going to run out there and get it.
Yeah. Go to Walmart and get it.
How's that sound?
There's no one o'clock.
The FBI secret screwing in.
Now, this is a very long story, which I think Josh would agree with.
Let me ask you a question.
When you put these stories on there, the length of the story is like,
how do you do this?
Or you don't?
What do you mean?
The whole story is 10 pages long.
Yeah, I know.
I remember it.
And you had to go through the whole 10 pages?
That's right.
Boy.
Well, say I wanted you to make up for this weekend for slacking off of the weekend.
Now, you got your internet spec.
The FBI secret screwing me.
Now, I could be an idiot read all 10 pages.
We would have anywhere.
Listen, I'm just going to read the first part of it.
And maybe it'll tantalize you.
You'll be pissed off and have to read the rest of it online.
Because it's very long, but it's also very scary, even though Halloween is over.
I must confess I'm eating a little bit of a snack here during the show, which is bad.
We can tell.
That's all right.
You can tell?
What is it?
Sure, you're snacking a little bit.
I'm just snacking it.
Alpine Lee swiss cheese light.
Mmm, that's good stuff.
I don't remember.
For cheese light.
And I really don't know, because I'm not, I don't buy into that as you know.
I don't buy into that fat, that anti-fat, that low fat crack.
That's all a bunch of lies.
But this just happens to taste really good.
I don't know what it is about it.
And if I'm going to get fat, I'll get it from the bratwurst.
Or there ain't nothing like a good bratwurst, I'll tell you how.
Anyway, here's the story.
I'll be good time to read it with my mouthful of cheese.
We're not.
Do it.
The FBI secret scrutiny in Hunford, Terrorist, Bureau of Xamarin's Records of Ordinary Americans
by Barton Gelman of the Washington Post.
The FBI came calling in Windsor, Connecticut this summer with a document marked for delivery by hand.
On Madionic Avenue across from the tennis courts, two special agents found their man
that gave George Krishnan the letter which warned him to tell no one ever what it said.
On to the shield and stars of the FBI, Krishnan, the letter directed Krishnan to surrender all subscriber information,
Billy Information, access logs of any person of you, a specific computer at a library branch from distance away.
Krishnan manages digital records for a 3,000-connected libraries, said in an affidavit that he can figure this system for privacy.
But the vendors of the software he operates said their databases can reveal the websites that visitors browse,
the email accounts they open, and the books they borrow.
Krishnan refused to hand over those records and his employer, library connection ink, filed suit for the right to protest the FBI demanded public.
The Washington Post established their identities to under seal the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit by comparing unsealed persons of the file with public records,
and information green from people who had no knowledge of the FBI demand.
The Connecticut case affords a rare glimpse of an exponentially growing practice of domestic surveillance under the USA Patriot Act,
which marked its fourth anniversary of October 26th.
National Security Letters created in the 70s for espionage and terrorism investigations,
originated as narrow exceptions in consumer privacy law, enabling the FBI to review in secret the customer records of suspected foreign agents,
the Payton Act, the Bush Administration guidelines for its use, transform those letters by permitting clandestines scrutiny of US residents and visitors who are noblets to be terrorist or spies.
The FBI now wishes more than 30,000...
About 30, man!
National Security Letters a year according to a government source, a hundredfold increase over historic norms,
the letters on which can be used to sweep up the records of many people, are extended to bureaus reach as never before the telephone calls, correspondents and financialized ordinary Americans.
All of these...
All of these things.
...issued by FBI field supervisors, National Security Letters don't need the impromptu of a prosecutor, grand jury or judge, they receive no review after the fact by the Justice Department or Congress.
The executive branch maintains only statistics which are incomplete and can find a classified reports.
The Bush Administration defeated legislation and a lawsuit to require public accounting, and has offered no example in which the use of a National Security Letter helped to disrupt a terrorist plot.
The burgeoning use of National Security Letters coincides with an unannounced decision to deposit all the information they yield in the government data banks, and to share those private records widely in the federal government and beyond.
In late 2003, the Bush Administration reversed the law-standing policy required agents to destroy their files on innocent American citizens, companies and residents when investigations closed.
Late last month, President Bush signed executive order 13388, expanding access to those files for state, local and tribal governments, and for appropriate private sector entities which are not defined.
All of these things.
And that's all I'm going to read.
It goes on for ten pages, but it'll make you appear pants a lot.
Children.
Yeah. And all your children will be too.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
But, boobs and butts and boi-ting.
Right here on fire!
You can't rape me, ever again.
You're off limits to my shakily regret.
And that's not the right to be sure my choice.
It wasn't worth it to pick my own McCoy.
Oh my God, the do-its are the goodest, not the goodest.
The more toy out of you when you're on a roll.
Toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy, toy
toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy
toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toys toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy to toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toys toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy
Don't forget to all you've heard this, guys.
Don't forget to all men himself who got whats going on with their brains.
....B Nothing Reggae.
Ah he's selling cake for 10 o'clock, 15 o'clock, eth
10 o'clock, aka NE
I would say 61.
Okay, and you would say like 57.
Like 58.
Okay, and Josh, let's have an office pool.
I'm going with 60.
There you go.
We got 58, 60 and 61.
All right.
I'll find out.
I'm going to be part of our club, though.
He's got a way to let 60 at Berthesaw.
So I hope we're over.
Say the old Jews club, the OJC.
That's the Ontario Jockey Club, the OJC.
If you're the old OJC club on QM, we're old and we're Jewish.
How do you like that, Joel?
Fine.
Where you're quizzling.
You fair.
Yeah, big deal.
And we're kicking your fat ass.
Okay, with all your daddy's money.
You couldn't go out there and buy an audience to be handed out $1,000 bills on the street corner.
Give it a shot, Joel.
Might as well.
Better than giving the three and five dolphins for an half million year for directs to broadcasts
to squeak your way through to those games.
Jimmy's simplest.
The room where I'm here is that Jimmy is just about on the verge of losing it.
Jimmy.
You're fair.
Terrible.
They were intrigued by the idea of pairing two-washed off an air grade.
Uh-huh.
How about putting a real broadcast around there?
Even Jim Sarni, a little sarcastic comment a few weeks ago about all these different
people they got out of there.
Now all they need is a real play-by-play guy.
Even Sarni, who like is usually mum, scared of his own shadow, don't want to say anything.
Even Heathrow, a little shot.
But I'm sure that Barry will help.
He'll be right.
Oh, every game Jimmy's getting better and better on our sister's station.
Even those two cheerleaders from the Carolina Panthers don't have an insistuous relationship
like Barry Jackass and the Harold, okay?
Even those two sisters that were diddling, uh, whatever they were doing, trying to figure
out life.
That's what they were doing in there, okay?
You know, girls always go to the bathroom together.
Yeah, they help a great job.
898 votes, man, we're like right on a virgin, 100 will do that easy.
Probably shouldn't make it like 950, but then we're not going to do it though.
Don't keep pushing and pushing and pushing when you get, you know, so I get at the, uh,
at the, uh, and it would mind.
You get ahead a couple thousand, you walk to the door, you say, have a nice day.
Good bye.
That's it.
Don't push it.
When I was nice when they gave me 525 bucks, you know, what a shock.
Not amazing.
That is amazing.
Of course I could lose that in about 20 minutes on a cold machine, man, but nevertheless.
Michael Jackson is close to completing his charity single for Hurricane Katrina Relief
and hopes to release the song sometime this month as spokeswoman said late last week
from his new base in the Middle East.
Oh, man.
It's seriously, he's, uh, living in Dubai now.
Well, in Rich, uh, ragheads are okay, probably doing like a lot of a raghead children.
When he probably read that in Saudi Arabia, for example, like over 50% of the population
is under 15.
And if he could read that they're under 12, then he'll really be there forever.
Anyway, he's been working through global satellite and phone connections with the 12
recording artists who are participating.
What is another one of those?
We are the world.
Oh, another one of those deals.
Boy, if you poor bastards in New Orleans can just hang on long enough.
All that remains is for two or three more artists to do their tracks and Michael will
then at his vocals being said in the phone interview.
He's now on the fast track and we're happy with the progress.
Last week, Jackson coordinating recording session with artists who were visiting LA for
the Black Entertainment Television Awards and went to studios to record their parts.
Meredith O'Sullivan, a spokeswoman for rapper Snoop Dogg and Sonia Muckle, who represents
singer R Kelly.
Uh-oh.
Said though, artists have participated in recording session with R Kelly, like some young
two, just he likes girls and Michael likes little boys.
So there's a little summary of this.
They don't have to fight.
Jackson's the right-hand producer of the track.
In fact, maybe they can bring each other's like boyfriends and girlfriends over for like
a party, a free-for-all.
She had a Jackson as we've written the song several times and has changed in the title
from the original from the bottom of my heart to a new undisclosed title.
How about from the top of my part?
Jackson found out he didn't need as many artists to participate as originally planned.
The final telly we've got about 12.
Jackson's findings to provide disaster aid through three funds.
The Bill Clinton George Bush Katrina fund, the Pooch Excel Hurricane Katrina College relief
fund and a disaster fund set up by the National Associate in New Recording Arts and Science.
And that's great.
Out there in Dubai.
Yeah, Wonderbar.
Out there in Dubai where they wear all the mishmances which makes for much faster access
because they probably wore nothing underneath like the Scottish with them KILTS.
I like it.
Oh, they KILT ME.
So let me ask you, what did Camilla Parker and Dogface and Charles, what did they solve
when they were here last week?
Oh, big distraction.
I was wondering what it was.
I've uncovered.
Yeah.
Very years.
How much did a distraction?
Big years.
Then we had to talk about all of her outfits.
Everyone we had to break it down.
Really?
I hope this was velvet.
She is.
There was ever a dog face man.
She's the one.
Miami companies cruise ship attacked by pirates off Somali coast.
Are.
Did you see this?
Yeah, funny.
Now, maybe it's only me because I didn't see the Johnny that movie Pirates.
So what was the movie?
He was in with the Pirates of the Caribbean.
I didn't see that.
But I must be honest, other than in Pittsburgh, I don't know we had pirates anymore.
I guess I'm just out of loophole.
I'm not a touch.
As a matter of fact, this goes back when I came down here initially to go on a sailing trip
with my stepfather and I had bought a riot shotgun specifically for the potential for pirates
because we were going to be going to unsavory places potentially.
And but we never went to the Pirates.
Potential for pirates?
Pirates everywhere in the Caribbean.
You know pirates of the Caribbean.
In case you haven't noticed, but I know that you have.
Sometimes some of those islands are home to scummy people.
Yeah.
No kidding.
Oh, home to scummy people.
Oh, no.
I scout you not.
I'll be damned.
Probably.
And they will get in the little boat, whatever.
Nice job Brownie Brown, by the way.
And they'll try to hijack you.
And then pirates fire a rocket propelled grenade and machine guns Saturday.
And then here's another way not to go under stupid cruises.
I've been begging you people.
Don't do it if you value your life.
They fire a rocket propelled grenade and machine guns Saturday in attack on a luxury cruise
liner off the East African coast.
Two armed vessels approach the Seaborn spirit about 100 miles off the coast of Somalia.
And fired as the rocket was attempting to get on board said,
Bruce Good, a spokesman from IME based Seaborn cruise line, a subsidiary of Carnival Corp.
Carnival Corp.
Oh my God.
No other vessel belonging to the company has been previously attacked by pirates.
However, the spirits crew was trained to handle the threat.
They trained for various scenarios, including people trying to get on the ship that you
don't want on the ship.
He said, the ship outran the pirates and changed its course.
Oh, this is exciting.
Our suspicion at this time is that the motive was theft.
Good said the attackers never got close enough to the board to board the spirit.
But one member, they 161 person crew was injured by a shrapnel.
At least three rocket propelled grenades hit the ship.
According to an email sent to the British Broadcasting Corporation by Seattle woman who
said she was track traveling on the ship with her daughter and a friend.
My daughter saw the pirates out our window.
There were at least three rocket propelled grenades that hit the ship.
One in the state room, if they were only me posted on the BBC website.
We had no idea the ship could move as fast as it did and the captain had his vest to
run down the pirates.
This was something from the Stone Age.
The vessels 151 passengers, mostly Americans with some Australians and Europeans, were
gathered and allowed for their safety.
Good said none were injured.
Thanks, thanks God.
The spirit had been bound for Mombasa, Mombasa Kenya at the end of a 16-day voyage from
Alexandria, Egypt.
Can you believe it?
I can't.
It was expected to reach these say kellies in the end.
Say shall, how do you say those island?
I don't know.
Say shall, in the end of the notion on Monday, that continuous previous sayages gave
to the Singapore.
The company typically offers the Egypt Kenya crews once a year.
The 10,000-ton cruise ship registered in the Bahamas sustained minor damage company official
said they took some fire but it's safe to sail.
It's good to go, at least to sail back in the day.
How right?
Good to go.
907 boats were good to go.
We're golden, man.
We're doing it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
Talk about your death wrong presidents.
Oh, you ain't kidding.
Goodbye George, you gotta go me ol' my own.
You gotta go home because what's up, man?
On the bio.
Absolutely.
You sure flew quick when it came to sit.
Terry Shiloh.
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush.
Now say goodbye, yo.
That's how George is while people drown.
You played a round of relaxing golf.
He was on vacation.
I already used to knock your club club keys.
That's the abdundo.
Oops.
And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario.
You were the one busy having fun and that's no no.
You'll invest a gauge at a later date.
That's real bullshit.
So, I think it's interesting to once that
Don't you get locked up so it don't continue?
Duh.
But no one will get blamed like with age and blame.
No hands will roll.
A car.
And as for this, it'll be a slap on the wrist
And no George is filed.
What a surprise.
Is your a liar?
No one gets fired with each new mess.
Oh, nobody.
A new death toll, a slip into polls.
That's no problem, oh.
It'll fix it.
Your spin machine will deal with new world leans
Because that's their job, oh.
As for usual.
Son of a bush is a foot in your touch.
You're an asshole.
We just don't understand.
You got blood on your hands, but what?
No brain, no.
I'm a problem, son.
You made it obvious that these in those delusional
You have no shame.
Oh, shame, what's that?
And what's with that smirk?
You stupid jerk, when people have died, oh.
Son of a bitch, you should be in peach
And we mean pronto.
Now do us all a favor and get the f*** out.
You're here.
Yeah, yes.
146.14.02.918 votes.
We tap the 900 easy.
In fact, if we didn't own that and we didn't really put a push on there,
we could have done a thousand a day.
You know what?
But then we'd had nothing for it.
We'll look forward to the stupid tomorrow.
Speaking of tomorrow, I got tomorrow's poll here.
And I would nearly don't do this.
I'm not going to take any call because then I'll start.
But I'm just wondering about you guys because if we're going to make a thousand
and when I put this on early, we have to have a whole bunch of monitor by ten.
See what I'm saying?
All right.
Right.
You know how I do.
Tomorrow's poll, someone famous you can't decide whether you like or dislike.
And I got a list so far, Keith Olberman,
Heo Rogers, Rush Limbaugh, George W. Bush, Al Gore, John Kerry, John McCain,
well, how he divided it in.
Somebody famous you can't decide whether you like or dislike.
All right.
And will you have nobody?
Oh, let me think about it.
I'm thinking about that Mohawar David is a matter of fact.
Really?
Because why were you already got him on there though?
I don't need your help for that.
I know you don't bother.
I'll come up with somebody else.
I'll pick up some of the stuff.
I'll pick up some of the stuff.
Okay.
Because then I can add him on here and then we'll start.
Plus I'll add on more than night.
I'll put my thinking cap on.
I'll put my cape on.
The six week long trial of a former Piper High School student accused of stabbing
a classmate in death in 2002.
Remember that?
Yes.
We'll have to start over.
A mistrial was declared this morning in the second degree murder trial of
Kurnos Sullivan 20.
When Hurricane Wilma hit causing the Broward County Courthouse to close for two weeks, the
jury had already spent a few days deliberating the courthouse we opened today.
At least one of the jurors said they couldn't deliberate that the amount of time left from
the hurricane was just too much.
Georgia's request to circuit judge Mark that's a John George, one of the attorneys.
Tomarko from mistrial was strengthened by another pre-Wilma episode.
The second day of deliberations of the jury was taken to a hospital before Lauderdale.
See, part of the margins, even after all I've done part of the margins on this thing
here like Trump does.
That's the Harold man.
The Harold has got multi-problematic against me.
It's not my fine computer.
9.22 on a pull.
This is pretty impressive if you ask me, don't you?
Thank you.
It's something.
Well, hey, compared to, you know, like last week, and of course, who the hell would be listening
to us when they could be listening to the audio from TV on a radio?
Don't you see how insulting that is?
What a slap in the face that is?
I wonder if it's intentional.
Because, of course it is.
Of course I'll tell you this.
The last two weeks, when the exception of two weeks ago, Monday went none of us worked.
But after that, I actually felt like I was working.
You know, it was like too much like work.
Yeah, I felt like work on this one.
Let me tell you.
Well, yeah, when you were like half of everything I'm not working.
Right.
Yeah, then that's it.
But I mean, putting all that stuff on and every few minutes, I'm going to go back
and check this website and the FBML numbers.
And, you know, I'm trying to, because we don't have any news department.
We got no news presence.
We got like nothing is what we got.
We got just a bunch of jock snipers.
And I thought, man, we did just okay.
We did fine.
I'm sure there were a lot of people with their transistors, sister in their cars,
where we're also going to find a radio that worked without electric, who were like,
glued to whatever it was going on.
Without hearing the damn TV audio, we already know what they're going to say,
the kind of crap that they're going to put on here.
But a little Tommy, there's all he knows about it.
If it's television, it's important.
And I understand that television has got 80 million times the impact of radio.
It's got pictures for Christ's sake.
And color it.
Give us a little bit of a credit.
Okay, can't do it, Tommy.
Unless it's little dry in their cross, or one of the other hyperventilating,
you know, weather failure.
You're fair.
Oh, forget about it.
929, we're doing just fine.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
She on the wind.
When she played her response.
She played school.
And though she was discreet,
but she's so hot and so in the heart.
Well, I guess this is fun.
You're fair.
Russian baby with her own city law.
But she has no soul.
The game's got the wrong.
And though it seems she's left with all her duties.
Now I get this.
Thanks for.
Oh.
I'm in the corner of the sky.
I'm right.
Yeah.
She's a stinky, famous player.
Absolutely.
You're fair.
I get.
Well, we doubt that in Ricky, but I take one thing about both of them.
You know who they're getting the sex from?
Pretty much anybody they want.
Oh, yeah.
9.56.
It's almost 10 o'clock.
Almost half the Neil Rogers show.
Where did that come from?
9.56.
Scary you.
Yeah.
Anyway, 1.56.
Now you guys come up with anything for the pull probably not.
Probably five.
Let's off the hook for all time.
Stay.
I was hoping you would come on.
Somebody you're like ambivalent about.
You can't decide politicians, singer, actor, actress, musician.
There's got to be a million.
Carolina cheerleader.
See, this is good.
One day.
By the way, the cheerleaders were just in their voting.
Oh, yeah.
That explains the finger.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Oh, no.
It's got me all excited.
Nothing.
No.
And you guys don't have nothing.
I'll let you know tomorrow.
Well, that isn't going to help.
I'll come up with more.
Okay.
As a matter of know, you can go online.
Any pull ID you come up with.
Maybe you've done this.
And you're kind of like stuck for a ball.
It's a really good starter list.
And even though you think, well, I don't know, there's not going to be a list.
And just about anything you type in here when you Google it in, there's a list.
Somebody's got a list of crap.
9.51, man.
We did our 9.50 plus.
This is shocking.
You know what?
Two animal stories to close out.
Bismarck, North Dakota.
North Dakota, man, has served an unusually steep sense for having an unlicensed cat two days
in jail.
William T. Dennis, 38, was charged with failing licenses, feline, which normally brings a fine.
But a warrant was issued for his arrest.
We didn't show up for court appearance on the charge.
They got a lot of spare time in North Dakota.
Dennis spent two days in jail before appearing in court again.
He basically just received credit for time served, said Bismarck, musical judge Charles
Isaacson.
Isaacson, in North Dakota, holy cow.
It's not spelled the right way, though.
Definitely, Goyish.
Featured license that animal carries a fine up to a grand and a possible 30-day.
About 30, man.
No offense in Bismarck.
I never thought I'd send somebody to two days in jail for this.
He said, since no situations like this are unrecorded, I had to go.
I had no history to go on for sentencing.
So we're giving two days in the slam.
And I grade for our licensing is puttycat.
And audio pitbull people out there.
I say, let's save the pitbulls and kill the owners is what I say.
Gary?
Oh no, Kerry.
C-A-R-Y.
Kerry Illinois.
Never heard of it.
Did you?
No.
A ten-year-old boy was in critical condition yesterday after three pitbulls escaped
from a home and went on a rampage, attacking six people before police shot and killed the
dogs.
People with pitbull.
Crazy people with crazy pitbulls.
No charges have been filed yesterday, but McCembrie County Sheriff Keith Nigron said it
was being investigated as a crime scene.
The neighbor said the attack started late Saturday.
After no one's children going door to door for a fundraiser, arrived at the homeless
Scott Sword, 41-1-1-2-2-2.
We had music playing.
I heard this bizarre sound said, Debbie Rivera, who lived three houses away.
I looked out the window.
I saw a young boy.
The dogs were just jumping on him, attacking his ass.
The screams were horrible.
She said the dogs were relentless like they were possessed.
They were possessed.
Let's call Father Marin when we need him.
The pitbulls attacked the two children when the dogs owner tried to stop them.
The dogs turned on him and did off his thumb.
Damn.
The boys father also tried to protect the son of his attack.
The dogs went after another neighbor as well.
The scenes brought over a couple of blocks.
It was very chaotic scene.
Residents threw rocks at the dogs.
Hunt car horns and tried to distract them from attacking before police arrived and shot
the animals.
Oh, thank the Lord.
Jim Malone said he and the neighbor tried to beat the dogs back with baseball bats.
He'd hit them.
They'd run and they'd come back again.
This went on for 15 minutes.
15 minutes.
The attend your old boy was in critical condition, by the way.
15 minutes.
You know how long?
15 minutes is of, uh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's pause for 15 minutes to feel it.
How you spell and pause?
P-A-W-O-Z.
Oh, 959, both said a pull.
And if I had time, I'd read the whole result there.
But there would be a, we don't want to take it on a moat.
It was time.
Moe is coming to mess the mad dog at 4.
Curtis from 7 to 10 at old 80k, 10 o'clock tonight.
Bye, bye, bye.
