What I would count on is Neil Rogers was up in hockey land in Toronto.
Neil gets his hockey fixes from watching some my league hockey occasionally.
He's going to be with you for the next four hours.
And after that, it's anybody's guess.
I missed choice yesterday.
Neil, she was in the building.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess you resolved exactly what we thought she resolved.
Nothing.
I think they're going to resolve today at that Trevor Lyndon meeting.
How can you have a meeting?
Whether you without the principal, without the principal,
our parties there and there's trying to say, well, you know, this is at least,
what this is a dog and pony show.
So the players can say, well, at least we made one last gas attempt and we try to do something.
Then they're going to go home.
Yeah, I was on the impression goal to you organize that meeting.
Try to salvage, try to salvage a little bit of work.
You know something he might be in there when he come right down.
I got two things I need to ask you about.
Yes.
Well, I may not ask you about, but like Chris Myers,
he was Sonny's understudy.
KT when I came to town.
I mean, he was.
That's right.
And I saw him on one of the games over the weekend and I'm going to tell you what happened to Chris.
It looked like somebody stuck a bicycle pump and his neck and blue is head up.
I guess that's old age.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Chris is all of about 40 now.
Yeah.
It looks about 80 on air.
Looks like Puffy, you know, not puppy com is, but like puppy in the face.
And also Joe Buck.
Now what's your take on Joe Buck?
Because you don't have a great word that you use on PL.
Unconscious.
Really?
It fits Joe Buck to a tee.
I'm reading this.
You know, Dr. Z and sports illustrated who rates the various announcing teams.
Yeah.
So I.
Oh, yeah.
He rates the fifth string guys over the first string guys.
Yeah.
He's all over the place, but he did rip Joe Buck and ass, which I thought was pretty.
I did too.
I thought his, you know, he is so.
They become so psychomones self-important, self righteous and anxious.
Right.
And has no interest in detail or describing what's really happening in a game.
And see guys, kids like Josh quarter think that Joe Buck is great because there's such a
lack in the last 20 years of any new blood in sports cast.
And there just aren't any great news sports castes.
I talked about that yesterday.
Tommy.
Well, what the why if he has the opportunity would be great if he was like the hero is
reporting that he's going to get the opportunity on TV.
Yeah.
Well, good.
Well, that's maybe they heard me yesterday.
It's what I suggested.
So Josh quarters should be next in line into radio.
He certainly could do a better job at a mall in the other guy we got now.
Oh, brother.
But you know what irritated me about Buck on that whole Randy Moss thing.
And I know Randy Moss is a jerk and all that.
But yeah, but he's right.
Wait a minute.
Randy Moss is a jerk, but they have the cameras on him or the entire game.
And they continue showing everything he does.
And then they, oh, gee, it's too bad you had to see it.
Well, if they weren't showing everything he did, we wouldn't have had to see it.
Well, they didn't show it again.
And what bothers me about is they misreported what he did.
You know, if you turned off that telecast, you thought he dropped his pants because that's the
one and the post game showed him doing a correct that he dropped his trial and took a dump
right there in the Enzo man.
And it was a deal.
He made about it.
He didn't do a squad.
In fact, when Tony Dungee explained a tradition in Green Bay about the Green Bay fans moaning
the opposition players all the time, that told us what that was all about.
That was the history of that.
Well, and for some reason, Chris Collins were, it didn't say anything on the broadcast,
but on his HBO show during the week, he talked about how before the game, they were
going Rachel, you know, Rachel insults Adam calling him fuck we.
Right.
And he, and he's supposed to, you know, just let that all go.
I thought the fine was out of line.
And I thought the bucks reporting was just way over the top.
But at least he's consistent.
I'm sure I like that.
It's your word.
I love that word.
That's your joke, Buck.
All right.
Heidi overrated mediocre and his daddy's turning over in his grave, believe you may.
I got news for a Joe Buck couldn't, he couldn't lick daddy's butt.
I can't believe what I just saw.
Yeah.
Well, at least he was, you know, last couple of years he was seen out, but he had that
growth voice.
He was a personality.
He was memorable.
20 years from now, I was going to remember Joe Buck.
How about Joe Buck and Hank Stram on Monday night football?
That was great.
You know, I used to do the radio on this.
Jack Park, I'm sorry.
And don't get answers.
I mean, I won't do that.
It's just the early in the morning for me.
Yeah.
How are you handling it now?
I'm OK.
Everything seems to be going great.
Yeah.
And I'm not going to track any afternoon.
No.
Because I just won't do that.
First of all, I'm not going to gallstream, but we know that they put men's rooms in
air, not for a while.
And I love anybody under 70 to go in.
Yeah.
So, you know, I go home.
I get on a treadmill for a little while.
And then I'm lost.
I have no idea what to do with the rest of the day.
Yeah.
I take a map, take a cat map from like about three to five.
And then you'll be all set to go.
Somebody told me yesterday that a power map, like a half hour map is better than a cat
map because of that.
That's true.
You know what I do?
I take like 4.30 afternoon, I got a great couch up from my head down on the pillow and
automatically fall asleep for exactly one hour.
I don't know why, but I just almost every day.
I take an nap for now and I wake up and I'm ready to do a kick-ass.
All right.
Usually my own.
Well, kick some ass this morning.
We'll be living in the show.
We'll try not to be too anxious.
Yes.
Love that word, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Don't lose too much, see ya.
How do you like it so far?
It's great.
Do it again.
The crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
I am old.
What do you know?
What do you say?
I don't show it to me around here.
That's nobody coming in.
I was trying to let people in.
Oh no.
Oh no.
We should shut up.
Do I get nothing out of here?
No, I'm not.
Why you porous with my car?
I'd be rolling my window up round out.
No.
Come on, but me and Ty's ain't got a shell.
And Ty's no shell.
That's a good one.
Hey, here's my soul fast, pal.
Pull without your ass.
It's not a shackle.
You got none.
No, I mean, pull.
Pull.
Pull.
Pull.
Pull.
Pull.
Tell us, baby, so…
Drink.
Please, drink.
drink.
You are so faint.
You're so far away from me."
I have felt a**.
Say agents file.
What would you like?
When it's crazy.
Give out your sore brother.
Give it back.
Choose a hundred girls.
Talk to mage.
I just want to know if you can loan me $5,000.
Can't find your record now you just got still waiting.
You know my guess don't come easy.
That's why I can tolerate congestion for loans.
No, not that you'll pay me back.
I ain't no chase man at this.
But what can I call another being in that bag?
I can't stand you in a car amongst a man.
You just take one out, that's not the way it's my time to stand.
I can't stand you.
That's not the way it's my time to stand.
Oh yeah, and I can't stand you.
No, no, no, no.
I can't stand you.
Don't let go of that.
Don't let go of that.
A little bit of countertops there, kind of like the Barbara Boxer,
Senator Barbara Boxer, California, and the Unchist Condoleezza Rice versus going out right now.
Barbara said she'd like to take an aluminum tube and show it up condolences.
Something.
And that was she just said?
Exactly what she said.
Anyway, maybe she ought to give her a good time.
Although I think in Condoleezza's case it's not really necessary at the moot point.
Anyway, that was really, I'm just ecstatic.
I'm like emotional.
Not quite as emotional as when I saw Jury Lido in that movie last night.
Boy, that's a good, no, it wasn't a good movie.
No, it's a good scene.
There was some good scenes, right?
Last of the high kings Irish movie, some very pasty looking Irish people in there,
but the lovely Jury Lido is in there.
He is my Carmella DeCezer, is Jury Lido like that.
I wanted to watch it and then I watched all the Irish movies.
Actually, I take that back.
He's a little scrawny, but nevertheless, he's just something about him.
He would do just fine.
Anyway, we asked yesterday who's the hottest baby who has been on the Beated Curtain on the
Irishers.com.
Now, I could read the whole list, which would take you to about 145.
That would not be a good idea.
That would be a cop out.
We could either do that or take some really good calls.
QAM, hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
I need to ask you a question.
Let's jump to him on the website.
Which is the name of that skit that he runs says Kiss and Make Good Morning.
That was good.
Like I said, await him.
Now, maybe this is the one he was thinking about.
Maybe that was it.
Maybe.
We'll check that out.
Okay, who is the hottest baby who's been on the Beated Curtain?
Carmella DeCezer or DeCezer, which I like to say in that.
DeCezer, da da da da da da.
440 votes.
He just killed the competition, man.
She kicked Big Fat ass.
Angelina Jolie, I'll just read a few of the double.
Did you want to say, okay?
Okay.
Well, no, if I read all the other ones, we'd be on here tonight.
Angelina Jolie, 81.
Anna Cornelholy, 54.
Carmen Electra, 48.
Alissa Milano, 48.
Halley Berry, 45.
Charlize Theroll, 39.
Abyan Barbod, 24.
Jennifer Conley, at Elmer, 1st and 21.
A piece.
Shusha Menge, Menge, Hell.
Menge, Menge, Menge, Hell.
Careful.
Shusha.
Shusha.
Shusha, Menge, Hell, 20.
Shusha, Britney Spears, and Barbie Vettany, Ted 20.
Boy, Britney used.
She's taking a big plop down the ladder, man.
Her stock is like a faster than N-Ron.
All her antics.
Yeah, all her antics, all her sleazen or robodums,
slimy yahos.
Jenna Jamison, 19.
Sophia Loren, 18.
Joan Bondel had 17 out of the make that guy happy.
Tanya Harding, 16.
That, I do not understand.
Sophia Vergara, 15.
Jessica Beale, 15.
Howard Beale, didn't get any.
Denise Richards, 15.
Tiffany Amber Thieson, had 14.
Todd with Monica Balucci, 14.
John Balucci didn't have any.
Jamie Pressley, 14.
The King, didn't have any.
Oh, this one character.
This one Irish kid in the movie with Jerrelito.
His whole thing is about the King, about Elvis.
And then when Elvis dies, this is supposedly takes place in 1977.
And when Elvis dies, they hold a candlelight vigil on the beach.
But anyway, it's pretty sad.
Rachel Hunter and Jamie Pressley and Alia each have 12.
How's Alia doing?
But that's the Williams, Sarah Michelle Geller, and Jennifer Aniston,
and Ashley Judd, each have 10.
And last but not least, in double digits, Lindsey Lohan had 10.
And that's it for double digits.
We have 4,000 other names on there, and if things get a little slow,
if the other calls are as good as the first one, maybe I'll just read those all day.
What are you saying?
Sure.
That was really great for the person that Joe Buck is anxious.
How do you like that, Josh?
Okay.
Well, you could be stubborn.
I mean, your mentality or opinion, even if it's wrong.
I mean, you can think Joe Buck's a great broadcaster.
I'm telling you right now, 40 years from now, nobody, or remember Joe Buck.
You'll say, hey, wouldn't you think of Joe Buck?
And I'll say, who?
Right?
What's that?
Just Tonya.
I mean, you can believe me or not.
Trust me when I tell you this is one thing I know about.
There aren't too many things in life I know about, but one thing I know is my sports casters,
Mr. and I'm Tonya right now, Joe Buck ain't one of them.
One of those great classic, memorable, legendary sports casters.
He ain't one of them.
Now, Kirk Gaudi was, again, one of the big fan of his, but he was one of them because he was legendary.
He was there for his Indian years.
Whether it was the old AFL games, remember those before you were born?
No.
No, but...
You've heard about that.
Yeah.
You've heard of Jean Facendo doing the NFL films on that game.
Yeah, for the great games between Kansas City and the Raiders, all of those phenomenal
games.
There are a Monica quarterbacking Oakland Man, George Blanda.
Number 95-year-old fuel roll kicker, George Blanda.
Yeah, I've seen him on the classic.
Right.
Those are the days, man.
When the scores used to be like 75 to 48, things like that.
Those were exciting games.
But nevertheless, let's not live in a past.
You can't live in a past.
Let's move on.
Upward and forward and inward, right?
Right.
Get with it.
We did curtain.
We got another and even nicer.
Well, they all in each one.
You don't know bad pictures of Carmella this season.
So we have a new one today and we have one every day this week.
And then the top five from that pool.
So we better save that pool, right?
Right.
So Carmella, I think we take the one from last Friday and put that on again next Monday for anybody
who's more.
Unless you got that many, we can put a different one on Monday.
That would be neat.
I do.
Do you?
Yeah.
Yeah, that naked picture of Gerald Lido from that movie I saw last night.
No, sorry.
Oh, you ought to find that.
You're welcome.
Well, I'm looking forward.
Angelina Jolie, Anna Cornelholy, Carmen Lector and Alyssa Milano.
Those are the top five.
So there would be the ones that will be on there each day next week and then we'll see how
that works out.
Not that there's like a competition there, but there was unemployment yesterday.
And it really wasn't any competition.
It was as they say on the West Coast.
It was a green job.
Is that what they say in the corn factory?
No.
The Charlie Green Giant set.
No, seriously.
She just demolished the competition.
Yeah.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two bag.
And I hope there's somewhere in Hell in the Bay.
It's El Michael.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
I'm going to kick his ass.
You shut up stupidity.
I remember he put those dialogues on Joe's name.
Oh yeah, sure.
There was at the park, Sheridan.
No, no, no, no, no.
You want to bet it?
No, no, no.
That was quite a twist we had at night.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
No, no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's the poll question today.
Who are what is the most disappointing flash in the pan?
Thanks to Sean.
For he sure, he must have had these like you said.
Right.
For letting him back.
He was already fact-sub-able when you said that.
That was your psyche.
That's what I'm saying.
He must have already had this list just waiting for me to a beg.
You know, that's okay.
I ain't too proud to beg.
Good poll question.
Who are what is the most disappointing flash in the pan?
We've already gotten, now let's see, you added couple more
to the ones I had on there and he had.
What do we got so far?
We got Scott Farrows got six, flash in a pan.
Well, he was on for about four months on this station
and then he kind of like racked himself right off the radio.
Howard Dean for vanilla ice three, Quentin Tarantino one,
Kurt Warner one, Millie Vannelly and Twin Peaks so far.
We only got 15 votes on there so far.
None, I'm sure we got many other flashes in the pan.
They'll be coming in on the phone, maybe one or two.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 50, by the way, again,
I hate to burst your bubblegif.
But let's get all the bats off out of the way in one day
and we'll just get out of the way.
Sue's getting married.
I didn't.
Mike Piazza.
Oh yeah, he said that.
You don't believe it?
Oh, I believe it.
Are you going to start that Jeff Garcia stuff again?
Oh, yeah, watch that thing we got.
Oh, my God.
Hi.
Hi, Molly.
Mike Piazza.
I mean, yay.
Sister, please, that Jeff Garcia is just giving me a break.
Maybe it's just an application, you think?
Sure, I think she's still here.
Grimer.
My God.
Although foreign for Jeff Garcia, we never
would have found Carmella.
I think Carmella kept her on it.
Don't you understand what I'm saying?
Oh, I know exactly.
Whoever found her.
So thank you, Jeff Garcia.
I already had a picture, but it was not a very good picture
and it didn't send off any alarms.
Yeah.
Well, this one did.
It was alarming.
Mike Piazza is getting hits to a lot of people.
That's alarming too, because he's another one.
It was always a room where to be just because he squatted
down all the time.
The Metz catcher is walking down the aisle with his long time
girlfriend.
They watch Bayban former playmate Alicia Richter in Miami
during the last weekend in January.
In other words, very, very soon.
So, we're so serious today.
I guess I got to find her picture now.
Do you know who that is?
Alicia Richter?
Well, I've heard of her.
Former playmate.
Well, that means she's out there.
Former Baywatch.
I'll do you know like that show because it's
Pamela and her husband was on it.
Inking it up.
And of course, so what's his name?
David Tassel.
I still Richter in her case.
Her name is RICKTER.
Alicia Richter.
RICKTER says the New York Post got it.
So Mike Piazza is getting married.
Thank God for that.
Oh God.
We don't want the sports world overtaking
with all these mitochondrists, man.
It's bad.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
I got one for your list.
Excellent.
John Kerry.
John Kerry.
John Kerry.
Oh, John Kerry, OK?
Yes, there are.
Her president.
I know the thing, Neil.
Yeah.
I am thick and tall to see all these five asses in the stands.
I want to walk to Pamela's game.
Yeah, right.
Amen.
Right.
I don't want to see the people on the sidelines.
I don't want to see the pan-ass clowns in the stands.
I'll run it around naked in 20 below.
And nobody wants to see those people.
We want to see the game.
You idiots at CBS and Fox and ABC.
We want to see the game.
There's a little game anyway, because it's 90% commercials
and promos now.
So let's give us a little bit of the game, OK?
Well, name his Brady's touchdown and that game last week.
That was absolutely unacceptable as what it was.
Somebody should have been a horsewhip for that, don't you think?
Yes, we have questions.
See Tom Brady stick his way into that pile, his way drive,
drive through that pile.
Just barely got in there, too, by the way.
WQA and hello.
Michael and son, boys.
WQA and hello.
QA and.
Hey, Neil.
Nice job, Vince.
Pick Eric Gumerow.
5, 6, 7, or 8.
Maybe they're not going to respond to this pool today.
That would be fine.
We're just maybe it's the middle of the week we hit a dead end.
That could be it.
The most disappointing, who are what is the biggest flash
in the pan?
You think there'll be zillions of those kind of people, right?
Here today, go on tomorrow.
Wouldn't you?
You think?
Yeah.
But there aren't.
WQA and hello.
QA and.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I thought Mark the bird, Vidrich.
Yeah, that was on.
This isn't Sean.
Is it?
No, no.
This is first time caller, Neil.
Because he had that on his list and nobody knows who the hell
that is.
But I'll put him on here because that's two people saying it.
So I'll put him on there.
I remember him.
He was very popular.
You'd do well, but I'm a tiger fan.
That's why I know.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I apologize that.
Good luck to pal.
You'll need it.
Thanks, Neil.
OK.
Well, the poor tiger is Detroit.
How the mighty have fallen.
Wow.
That is really sad.
Mark the bird, Vidrich.
You got it?
That's spelled F-I-D-R-Y-C-H.
Mark the bird, Vidrich.
You know who that is, don't you, John?
I don't.
You don't?
No.
He was a very charismatic pitcher for the Tigers, for a short
period of time.
And he's like, you know, he's a wild man on the mountain.
He used to do all these things.
And I don't remember what the whole deal about him.
But and then that was it.
He was there and then he was gone.
He was no Danny McLean.
But then I understand Mark the bird, Vidrich, is probably
on the outside.
5'670560, pound 5'60 and a Verizon singular,
Rottles line.
Line 9, WQA, hello.
Good one.
QA, hello.
Hey Neil, how about you?
I got you down, lady.
Flash in the fan.
They're in the air.
Hey, wait, I got some mouse, though, because I said that.
Hey, you had air in summers, John?
Yeah, I do.
Hey, um, Mohaward, just your name.
Oh, really?
Wow.
Yeah.
That you shouldn't be, that you should stick to basically
what you're good with and you shouldn't be talking about sports.
Who said that?
That's what Mohaward was saying yesterday.
You need to know what?
What do I give a crap about?
In other words, I need him to tell me what I should talk about.
He was saying back in the day, he were good at what
you call him baseball or something like that.
Yeah, how does he know?
He didn't hear it.
He said, but that was back in the day.
Yeah.
He said, that's not now.
And you shouldn't be talking about sports, baby.
Tell me more about programming his own three hours over here
than nobody wants on a year.
How do great day of power?
I could like to air in summers.
Yeah, Mohaward, you're about your own crappy three hours there
where you're butlicking interviews with all those people
and nobody wants to hear, okay?
With Dick Stockton.
Oh my God, if I have to hear any more of these old hacks
on there with Mohaward,
one of the old hack is enough without having a pair on there.
See, when he resents, the fact that we're talking stuff on here,
he doesn't dare to rip the ass to most of these other guys
because they're his colleagues in the business.
So he's gonna kiss up to him, you know?
I was ecstatic that Hank had the balls to call Joe Bucke.
I'm just, that was good.
That means that Josh probably
didn't speak in a Hank anymore for a while, a couple weeks,
but that's okay.
You get over it.
Here's some good news finally.
Broward Commission sets March 8th Special Election on Slots.
How do you like that?
All right.
I think the sky is gonna fall
because we may have real slot machines in Florida.
I don't think we'll ever be the same again.
Well, while this was going on,
where's that story I have about your fat ass governor?
What a jackass man, what a piece of crap.
But you people in Florida seem to love a man.
You'll ever got it really a sticks it to you.
Did I actually put that story out or not?
They get it in bother with it.
No about how he's like giving tax cuts to the rich against him.
Right, right.
And no money for education in the new budget.
And this ridiculous spending money
like this coming out of a faucet.
Oh, what a fat ass governor runs in the family, man.
I don't think I even printed out was too depressing.
Anyway, Broward County commissioners on today
said a special election for March 8th
for voters to decide whether to run
on slot machines at the RSV race tracks
in one highlight front on commissioners
at the special referendum.
After working out a deal with the gaming industry,
to cover the cost of extra law enforcement
and government services that'll be needed.
A poll in Tuver charge that the vote has been rushed
by high powered gambling lobbyists
and plan to challenge its legality in court soon.
Yeah, keep trying losers.
By an eight to one vote,
County commissioners agreed yesterday
to end the referendum to that they scheduled local elections.
If voters approved state lawmakers
will have to July 1st, 2006 to cramp legislation
detailing how the machines will be licensed
to regulate it in Broward County.
Wow, what?
Last November, we know about that vote.
Texas on Islam Machine Revenue
is with supplement public education funding statewide.
Advocates say it could pump as much as 400 million
year into the state coffers.
If voters pass the measure,
lawmakers would have to decide how many machines
have been installed at each location.
How many hours they could be open each day?
Dave commissioners will discuss the issue
to regularly meet tomorrow.
No vote regarding whether to rely on
selling machines at call to race course,
Miami Highlight or the Flagler dark track
has yet been scheduled to be.
You can bet your bottom doubt
that they will be doing that tomorrow.
Got it?
Got it.
Besides Gulfstream, the other Broward facilities
eligible received Islam machines
include Hollywood Greyhound track,
Daniel Highlight and Poppano Park, Harness.
So there you go.
Starting to make some progress,
taking little teeny tiny baby steps
in the rest of South Florida.
Even though we know that the world will,
the sky will come tumbling down with God's wrath
and it will wax hot when he starts here
in the sound of those slot machines.
When he hears, oh, part of it, when he hears that,
then you know that the world's coming over now.
The way we knew it, right?
Right.
And of course in South Florida,
that would be the best news if it never were the same
as it used to be again.
27 past 10 and 5 60 WQA.
I guess this poll today is not really going to cut it,
you know, that's okay.
That's a good one.
I think it is a good one.
But they're a little slow starting today, you know.
Oh, I don't know what they want.
Maybe they want us to spoon feed them
a Gerber baby food or something.
Because after hearing some of them,
I think that it would be right up their alley, Sally.
Totally, totally.
Rockets, you're not it with them.
Looks like he's from much in there.
Why did he guess?
Here's like that.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not like with him with his pimple hair.
I'm not sure about full rockets, bride.
Oh, yeah right right.
Oh, yeah right back.
Oh, yeah left back.
Oh, yeah left back.
next one choice for the full of somebody facts that in Ross Perot for flash in a pen you can
say that again now there's only one reason that he ever roased the popularity you know who that
was who is responsible for that uh-huh only trusted us that's it our good friend Larry who kept
putting him on air to hoard your waves and do a kind of public with that camp oh my god it is
wrong if our slaves do do do do look how the engine does off him old studies and do do do and I
was do do every time I saw him on air and millions of people voted him which goes to show you how
globally pubic really is five six seven oh five sixty he asked everyone who did a lot of votes
Ross Perot right oh yeah who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan so far how are
Dean and Scott for well Todd same person 17 apiece everybody cue and hello hey Neil yes sir
hey man I got the uh ultimate Miami's often flash in the pan the definitive answer okay
think about oh yes Cecil I'm gonna have to play that yeah thank you thank you very much
Cecil's little meant don't let me forget okay all right as I said you just trying to get a look
just how to take a peek you know that was uh hysterical that was Cecil we won't see him no more
wq way and hello they knew how to go good all right all right how about Dennis Rodman
was a flash in the pan yeah one time what's about Tommy was everywhere and just like who's
gone okay put him on there I don't know if they're well that's two we can play when we play Dennis
Rodman and huh see I thought I thought we had a full question but this is just idea for comedy
basically people you don't like and comedy that's that you do right but that's okay that's fine
yeah what a good time that's what we're here for help you kill some boredom time man in South Florida
let's take a look at that schedule for today we got mad dogs you managed to to for under protest he's
playing the game under protest four to seven we got more Howard David and by the way let me say it
again mode you will worry about your three hours they're okay you worry about the who's answer
gonna kiss between those three hours and let me take care of these hours just I have no problem
here we're doing this fine we're kicking big fat Juicy ass okay so mind your own business then
seven o'clock we got the beast at the convocation center what's that all about the what the
would see can voking what's he convocating well they played Duke tonight oh some of the
woods we got like a hour and a half pregame probably wow because we got hurricanes warm up at eight
and then eight thirty got hurricanes in the Duke Blue Devils the where is that it says at the
do is it at Duke no it's at the convocation center here the one is it say it like this see this
clearance who supposedly is a hurricane maven you know he's part of that whole sick establishment
over there he doesn't know how to make out a schedule when you put a listing of a ballgame you always
put the visiting team first am I right yeah it's got hurricanes versus Duke so the way it looks on
here's like it's an away game but it's not so in game at the convocation center and then of course
Eddie K follows the basketball game such as it is any interest so they're kicking ass man they're
really big what's that coach what's his name faith Frank hate faith yeah gotta have hate faith
w.a.m. hello yeah for everyone's own flash in a pan right w.a.m. hello
w.a.m. hello and here yes sir I wonder anyone called with a fiery foot on
a mole show that yesterday about what well he started saying things about how well I don't
want to add fuel to a fire but he was saying that he had to get out of match get out of
pick lighter man what was saying to start a conflagration he was saying comments about
about you and how you don't know anything about commentating on sports or whatnot and that
that your oil screw and you couldn't do it now there I believe you do a real good job if you
really have to fight for it so in other words if you couldn't be the president you can't
have an opinion on the president okay see the fact that I brought cash sports in the past that's
got nothing to do with my having an opinion on guys whether they're good better and different because
they got two ears okay and I've heard all the great sports casters and a lot of mediocre ones and
I've also heard him and believe me huh he ain't no mr. weaver see that that's what bugs him
is because he's the expert because he doesn't believe you me I will you take the opinion polls you
couldn't kiss Rick weaver's ass how do you like that model okay you couldn't come up to his
puppet in terms of stancher who you couldn't but nevertheless see this is good let's get it
started once again because he can't restrain himself he's only been under a few days and right
off the batty starting because and addition to which it's pretty obvious get a life okay you silly
old koot get yourself a life what's he doing again the same old tired crap I'm listening
God anybody that works on his station I mean I can understand like Hank thousand a car on a
way home he's listening maybe or whatever and by him when you get home you forget about it right you
take most advice forget about it but oh no I'm listening all he does ever since the day he
darkened our door and believe me it was a dark day for for Gotham city the day he darkened our door
with that ugly nasty muskrat on the said and every time you keep telling me oh his reform is
you know all you got to do is like look at him cross-eyed and his true colors come out like that
they started ranting and raving about the beast if that beast thinks I'm gonna make a point
hey mama grow up already get a life get a life that's your biggest problem oh you have no life
absolutely correction god go listen to uh pericomo records do something that's more
up you know suiting for you in your old age in your daughter rich w k how many qa m hello
so that's a new one for him qa m hello pretty good Andrew dice clay
damn good one he was very big for about five minutes at the right and then he came to be feminopsies
okay see him Andrew dice clay he was big just big enough to do that for us and then that was the
end of that what he didn't do that other guy the guy who's a born in christian yeah who refused to
do certain things because it was against his religious beliefs on the drop-ins but of course we
couldn't play those now anyways it probably just as well because they were filthy and pornographic
and joys would have very uh... negative feelings about that she would view them with an anxious uh...
the anxious i what a good name that would be for a show or a network
w k a m hello
they don't know yes sir hey what's the whole day i just turned you on
what would mean calling in the i wonder what's the pull get out of here like he's going to have
an answer to the poll what's the pull i just turned you on the pull is my foot it where the
moon don't shine okay so bend down and drop your pants do a real moon okay clown who are what is
the most disappointing flash in the pan that's the pool today okay flash in the pan like last
call he was on for about four seconds coward deen twenty four scot for our nineteen such great
promise we thought well i didn't think that nobody thought except your buddy gray
see one thing that's always a good idea in this business i don't want to start on moa
don't don't know when you hire somebody to be in can every where they've ever been where everybody
hated them like poison or the created so much probably been can at about seven hundred different
jobs that's probably not like a real good reference starting point right
who are you in my right yeah yeah check references that's always a pretty good idea checks
on references right but no we're gonna get him on there we're gonna report
i just can't believe that many to talk about old school i can't believe that many people remember him
in addition to which by way speaking of old school i hate to break the news demo but there's
dr z on sports illustrator which i did finally have somebody thanks this to me who fasted
did you do it yeah somebody said it to me the tv commentator awards but as far as five he
rates him on from like zero to five stars the uh... uh... NFL broadcasters for the third year
in a row nobody's got five stars that's how mediocre they are and if you i mean i'm not gonna waste
the time to go through this whole thing because we wasted enough time on it yesterday but i rest my
case man and i challenge i challenge moa how are david and did to name me anybody and of course
the book now he's gonna have the chance to have a great he's a outstanding broadcaster maybe he'll
make his own nitchin he'll be legendary someday but he's a punk right now i challenge him or anybody
else to tell me in the last twenty years name me one sportscaster who's gonna be remembered
twenty thirty forty four years into from now is legend very not a question of old school
it's a question of broadcasting is going down the toilet
time he crammer said once too many drunks in the business is nobody said something like that too
many drug use too many drunks too many inquirant lunatics call in the shots that's the problem
let's start a big battle with him okay i just love to do i'm just itching to do it
on the air start to deal with us again okay i just knew he didn't have it any mo
just mind your own business you take care of four to seven we're doing just fine ten to two
i don't know
it won't take long
it'll take it
it'll take it
it'll take me one day
one day
when the roll happens to the command
rolls to the
two of them said i've played both of them already that the book of the this week i can't
understand it where do you say them there but they're both great yeah they're
there uh his his musing ten forty three of five sixty wq way i'm joined George Miguel and
both of Brian five of seven this afternoon for happy hour treasure island it must be Wednesday
if it's Wednesday it's treasure island you know like Tim Russus if it's Sunday it's meat to press
right well i don't like him at all you don't like anybody well at least i'm consistent
uh happy hour treasure island off the pulm at or just north of the 120 second three days it's
stop by to win prizes and enjoy dance specials all night long and maybe even both of Brian like
been over in uh shoot a few ping pong balls in your direction and then look for the qm
band tonight eight to ten in the brew room the brew room located at fifty four sixty six west
sample wrote in marguit stop by for libat blue hockey libat blue hockey
the nambalance not a young player yeah but not a real experience player in the national hockey
dollar and a half pints of blue until the lockout is over that's a lot of time so i'm bigger part
that's a bruise room George you have a copy of this you must because you've thanks to time i mean
i'm telling you maybe it's not on the sheet but i understand don't know don't get defensive
just because joe buck is anxious what does it say there George i'm looking brew room so this is
Miguel this is your close personal partner in crime your banana boat the mate your boat mate your
rack mate brews room okay excuse me sorry about that all the folks at brews room but Miguel is like
well like that since you don't have the range isn't around a building anymore he just can't uh
you ain't up to snuff oh yeah speaking of that this is a good segue Spain Catholics in condom you turn
well it's about time the Pope probably pretty poked off about this and a substantial shift from
traditional policy the Catholic Church in Spain has said it supports the use of condoms to prevent
the spread of AIDS condoms have a place in the global prevention of AIDS one Antonio Martinez Camino
spokesman for the Spanish Bishop Conference so one Antonio Martinez Camino shorts told reporters
after meeting yesterday with health minister Elena Salgado to discuss ways of fighting the disease
the Catholic Church has repeatedly rebuffed campaigns for it to endorse the use of condoms in the
fight against AIDS the Vatican states that condoms being a form of artificial birth control cannot be
used to help prevent the spread of HIV the virus that causes AIDS Martinez Camino shorts said the
Church's stance was backed by the scientific world he said at a recent study oh well scientific
world in the Church i'm sorry but they just don't they just have a little conflict there he said
at a recent study by experts in the medical magazine the Lancet which supported the so-called ABC
approach to abstinence being faithful to partners in using condoms I don't know these condoms at ABC
so hockey is underway again by the way but you didn't know that hockey's underway not in south Florida though
the church is very worried and interested by this problem he said Martinez Camino shorts cold
steam the shift was welcomed by the Spanish Federation of Lesbians gays gay transsexuals and bisexuals
I think it was absolutely inevitable that the church would change its stance of Federation
President Beatriz Camino see I'll take it what Moa is really bad out of shape about that is the
team he's broadcasting with dolphins since he came to town they really started going downhill straight
downhill since he came is that correct that is absolutely correct I mean they just are going
in the tank a once proud great franchise since he darkened our door they're going in the toilet man
while certain other teams I don't want to mention the defending world champion New England patriots are
just kicking ass okay that's where we need must bug his fat old hairy ass George Lucas is excellent
I I was trying to think that the other day you know George Lucas I'm not that I was trying to
think you remember sirly but some of it uh you couldn't remember his name no no I don't mean that
yeah I have to keep saying rape hairy rape hairy they look a lot of life George Lucas 1977 and then
I'll crap right very good right here's another one Ashley Bancroft who took on CNN with oh yeah
Ashley Bancroft remember she was like a 9-11 they had her featured on there with the glasses those
black frame glasses oh oh oh her reporting from huh ground zero and she was all over she was on
CNN MSNBC and all of some she disappeared the chick on CNN with the black glasses there was
on every event every uh minute around the world and all of a sudden just disappeared good one okay
what else we got got some facts is this poll take off they're a little slow today oh I
disappointed now let's see now but he wasn't a flash in a pan I see this is they didn't
understand that it was in first huh it really didn't stay the question it says by
disappointed I mean disappointed he's gone well that that's fine I'm glad I'm sure a lot of
other people like the mad dog are really disappointed that he's gone too bills in for but uh the fact
of the matter is he was hardly a flash in the paint did it often games with mad dog for like
the seven years or nine years or something like that and we did a pretty good job too by the way
it didn't make a lot of trouble like certain other people you know don't try to get everybody fired
did it did and got screwed big time when somebody came to town that's a blue guy know about that
well I'm gonna tell you if you just mind your peas and cues most maybe you'd have a chance most
but uh they just can't control you just can't hold yourself back just always trying to stir it up
and stir it up and start taking the creativity shots instead of just trying to do a good show your
something there which by the way I'm not listening to I heard five minutes that one day about three
minutes him kissing dick stock and zaz and I made a comment about it okay now I know that he's
sitting there listening right now every minute of every day glued to that radio oh do you hear
what he's saying he's talking about me about what well do you hear what uh yeah right get a life
get a life uh you silly old goat this guy's very good too I can't think of what his name is he's
the answer for the anaheim mighty ducks he's excellent I don't know what his name is though
and i'm gonna say he's gonna be legendary but he is excellent but I will give that see we didn't
do hockey now it's just because that would be like uh talking enough thimble the whole audience would
bail out nobody knows from hockey now it's just Josh Cordis would know a hockey now see if they
stuck their foot up his ass and so although you do know who Joe Bowen is though I do right that's
only because I keep playing those promos right anybody you know Jeff rumor yeah he probably trying
to get your mind lunch couple times before left town but that's probably uh that would probably be
as far as hockey announces concern right right and i couldn't point those guys out by any
me i'm not feeling foster he wouldn't throw out wouldn't I remember them the voices no well you heard
me play the cards yeah i've heard them yeah so in other words you at least have an idea who they are
sure one there you go see when you're making progress man when hockey gets going again by the time
they start to get in two years you're gonna be right up to snuff all right all right and they're
actually saying it it's not only this year but there's a very good chance the next year too is
what they're saying right now i don't believe that because i think a lot of these the medium and
lore played the salaried guys they're they're not gonna be able to hold out that long i mean the
guys making a big big bucks you know the guys like Matt Sundin and uh forceburg guys like that
well making a difference to them guys making eight nine ten million year right yummy yoghurt
i know that's not his name that's what Don Sherry calls him yummy yoghurt oh do you hear what Neil
said he didn't know his voice he called him yummy yoghurt yeah i don't know my hockey i mean i
sure wish i knew hockey like moh Jerry Rafferty of Baker Street flashed in a pan okay okay what
you know what are he Jerry Rafferty had that hit yeah obscure it would be more like it well listen
that's what they're saying it listen to the question i'll boy you're really a hard ass today just
because you get it over a trash rarlin on a talent fee far were you i wouldn't be charging
600 bucks this spot maybe then i'll get back in a good graces again you know that's fat boy
yeah listen i hope fat boy somebody get him a message okay get a message to remember that
thing about message to Garcia get a message to Jeff Garcia now seriously fat boy you better quit
playing fast and lose with Georgia's income okay because i'm really tired of having to write
out these big fat checks to keep him and his family alive because you're screwing with his
talent fees okay fat boy and you lie like crazy lie like a champion although that's right what's
the other county got you now finally try to make up for that oh um mind me highlight but that's
done i cut their spots uh every now and then yeah and you get paid for that oh yeah about six thousand
a spot sure what you have to do you're gonna have to to make up for that money that it is causing you
a fat boy fat stuff there and he's only poor he's only prooked off about that treasure island thing
because he's not getting those free jobs there anymore like he used to oh they're not free oh
on that case like i said he probably still is in fact he's probably using the money that you're
supposed to be getting for the talent fee to get more of those jobs speaking of uh that the panic
that's gripping american TV oh i love that the panic that is gripping american TV bosses facing a
puritanical backlash or exorbitant government fine as today extended to a cartoon series
the bbc drama we had the cartoon story yesterday but now more than that fox tv has decided to
fixate a bear dear year in a cartoon series the family guy which was originally broadcast five
years ago with absolutely zero complaints and american public television network pbs is censoring
bbc drama drama documentary dirty war worry of attracting a public backlash and finds from the
federal watchdog pbs the american public television network set up a cutscene featuring a naked woman
being decontaminated in the shower in the film that centers on the aftermath of a dirty bomb attack in
London fox tv's already been hit by fines from the fcc with the network of affiliate station each
fine seven grand on october for airing uh married by america reality series in which a female
consistent with seen licking cream from a male strippers chest with its affiliate stations already
wrapped fcc's not considering a record one point two million dollar fine for the fox network for
we have to be checking and second guessing ourselves all the time now gale brumman had a fox
entertainment tool variety yesterday and it just goes on man censorship is rampant and you can't say
squat you can't do anything anymore and uh and the public just is back don't care do whatever you
want to us okay like that song bend me shape me rape me uh with me beat me uh dump on me whatever
you want we like it we're a bunch of collective massacres don't you think that's an american psyche
that fifty percent of the public that supports bush they're there a bunch of masochist
they like being abused during the pain welcome to the house in fact wouldn't that be a great name
for the stadium instead of dolphin stadium which is kind of like predictable and bland how about
the house of pain owned by Wayne right sure and they'll play unless it wanes at least tomorrow
ones anyway for that's really a shot at the marlins two name it dolphin stadium i realize Yankee
stadium you know the giants play football there but the Yankee stadium has been that since 1923 since
a baby root bill it but uh naming a dolphin stadium when a marlins are still playing it it's like a
real shot that's the kind of guy he is man it's a kind of hard hard and nasty miserable uh Wayne
everybody hates you like poison wish you get some kind of like nasty disease w.a.m. hello
2 a.m. hey i got one for your poll yes sir uh brand bazar the football player
brand bazar he was real popular about two minutes yeah he made that really good biker movie too
and and he made that haircut popular for about 30 seconds absolutely thanks for that
and see a right good choice brand bazar that's a good choice ain't it but you enjoyed
those who that is it's the movies didn't yeah really bad ones too yeah he was very popular for
about half a second at that w.a.m. hello i kneel yes sir all folks helium okay
a.m. Gonzalez yeah that's a good one sure alianito alian Gonzalez i'm gonna have to play some
without stuff too now oh gee that's Cecil and Denise Rodman Denise Pothman all of the losers
poor alianito man he's not getting his happy meal and of course with all these CEOs from McDonald's
croaking at a very early age it's probably the best thing I ever happened alianito is that he came
and rescued him from McDonald's from all those big max and fries those greasy fried foods man
i'm gonna tell you right now okay i don't want to sit here and lecture being the fat slot that i
am having eaten ice cream yesterday i had two of those roll-o things if you're full yet too
but you can't eat only one are you crazy one of those is going to satisfy my sweet tooth are you
nuts i wonder if your seat is got a sweet tooth but anyway fried foods will cure you i mean
do whatever you want free country i mean to a point you can't say what you want but you can pretty
much eat what you want in fact that's interesting words are going to kill you words are harmful but
all the crappy food out there were always uh additives and all those preservatives and uh that are
killing everybody that's okay that's your government doesn't make any sense that i mentioned at the
joe biden in the barber box that we just grill them condolese again this morning which is good
entertainment it's amusing and it makes some of us very happy to see that finally but it's a little
bit late now you know and it's just a dog and pony show because they're gonna vote and they're
gonna confirm her and she's gonna be in here and all this fascist crap is gonna go down and then
we'll go into a ran and then we'll go into Syria and then we'll go into North Korea and then we'll
go into like 11 on and then we'll go into like somewhere else and uh thousands and thousands and
thousands of people are gonna die and all those big multinational corporations are gonna make
millions of dollars.
my week.
What I did I do was crypto, but that it doesn't do if you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
There was something coming up in your room.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
What is it?
What is it?
Give me the heads up on it.
It's a bit of a slip of the piece and it's really nothing.
It's a foul doubt.
When it changed me with a dice.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
Here it comes.
He'd be here with the whole thing.
Oh yeah, and that's right.
Right now.
I don't know what it is.
Just a little, I could have caught it.
It's the skill of the battle, apparently.
How is he going?
Don't shoot it.
That was excellent.
Cecil's Lamette.
Cecil Collins, a flash in a pan.
And we're getting the faxes with people that I have to owe.
And you're right, it's Ashley Banfield, not Bancroft.
It's Anne Bancroft, but Ashley Banfield.
What if she's kind of Gerald Banfield,
the old harness driver from Jackson Raceway?
See how I'm old school, Moe?
Ashley Banfield, can we correct that?
Or we like stuck with Bancroft?
No, it's not.
You're fissing it?
I thought that's what Cecil was doing.
And then it says, who are these people?
Jolton Joe Sharbinot and Kevin Moss.
Who is that?
Are there sports people?
Josh, you ask him to say that again?
Jolton Joe Sharbinot and Kevin Moss.
I've never heard of him.
I remember Duke Moss pitched for the Yankees way back
and because I'm old school, 100 years ago.
I don't have no idea who those people were.
Kevin Moss sounds familiar.
Would he see a baseball player?
No.
Not a Marlon?
Oh, yeah.
Kevin Moss, come on.
Are you sure?
That would be embarrassing, but you're not.
He played for the Marlon's union.
I don't know that.
Wow, Dave Ann Boyd would never speak to you again.
He could only pray.
Elmer, who's just all over the place,
says it's Ashley Banfield, not Ashley Bancroft.
Please correct that name.
But OK, Elmer just ease off.
OK, a little bit.
Also, my suggestion with the poor is the good one.
Phil Henry.
OK.
Good one.
T.S. Mike Lang is God.
Absolutely.
Yeah, he's old school.
That's what Moe would say.
Moe would know Mike Lang from Katie Lang.
Here's one that says Barbara Boxer reminds me
of Harry Truman's statement.
I don't give the Republicans hell.
I just tell the truth and they think it's hell.
Well, that's great.
The only problem is the thought of the dog in ponieshell
and can do no good.
The election's over.
I hate to break the news, Barbara.
But if all your Democrats were to like
spoken up and rattle to your spirit
and the way you were doing before,
well, maybe something could have happened.
OK, but it didn't, including scary John Kerry.
567.0560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
Who or what is the most disappointing flash in a pan?
John Kerry 36, Howard Dean 36, Scott for Route 28.
Pretty good three-way battle there.
Vanilla ice 10, Quentin Tarantino 9, Ross Piro 8,
Mark the Bird, Fidridge 8, and Redized Play has got six.
Oh!
Kurt Warner, six, Cecil Collins, four, Millie Vanilla, four.
George Lucas, only three.
He'll do better than that, wouldn't you think?
Yeah, he will.
A.L.N.E.T.O. has got a pair.
Ashley Bancroft has got two, but we didn't take
long on that.
Aaron Summers, two, Twin Peaks has got two.
Well, I figure it's what they call Twin Peaks.
Brian Bosworth, Jerry Rafferty, Denise Rodman has got one,
and Phil Henry just went on there.
169 votes.
Got it?
Got it.
As the list continues growing, man, lots of flashes
in the pan so little time.
And we can also put things on there like, you know,
we don't have to put these on just using as an example,
like a Hula hoop or a slinky, you know, fads.
OK, fads, right?
All right.
Anybody got a good Hula hoop?
Hula hoop would be good.
Don't you even know it's a, I mean, if we can put Mark
the bird, Fidrich on there, Tennessee court
allows church suit to proceed.
The State Supreme Court in Nashville, Tennessee,
says a $68 million lawsuit alleging
that the Roman Catholic diocese of Nashville
covered up child sex abuse by a former priest can go forward.
How do you like that?
All right.
The unanimous ruling issued the yesterday
overturned lower courts, which had said that
diocese could not be held responsible for the emotional distress
alleged by the plaintiffs.
The high court in its ruling said a defendant can be found
guilty, even flick the emotional distress,
even if its misconduct was not directed at a specific person.
The court said its decision broke new legal ground
in such cases.
Good.
Good.
Put them all in jail.
OK.
Don't have a wonderful time in there, just like Father
Gagon.
How's he doing?
Is he still dead?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
He's fine when he's dead.
I'm going to have to get to the one I got on my list.
All right.
Way to go.
I'll have to go now, you know.
Huh?
All right.
Only a few, though.
A former altar boy who claimed he was molested
by a priest reached the financial settlement
of his lawsuit against the Roman Catholic diocese
of Bridgeport, Catholic, Connecticut
as attorneys in church officials say yesterday,
the plaintiff, known in the court,
document is John Doe, city was molested at age 14
by the Reverend John Castaldo in the early 90s,
when Castaldo was priest at St. Teresa Church in Trumbull.
His name in the term of settlement
and I've released it as a request.
The settlement means New York cardinal Edward Egan
will not have to testify next week.
The attorneys be saying, well, there's one.
And then abuse trial of notoriously
fraud priest begins Massachusetts prosecutors formally
dropped an accuser from the criminal case
against the fraud priest Paul Shanley,
leaving just one alleged victim
to testify in the trial that began yesterday.
So one of the most notorious, one of the most anxious
figures in the clergy says to be a scandal.
Yeah, anxious.
That is a good word.
Hank, you read about that.
Unchish has had like our management, anxious.
Prostitute has already had dropped to other accusers
from the case and removed the third
because they've been unable to find them
since they're hearing in October
when he had difficulty remaining composed to testify.
The move to drop him from the case
was widely expected.
I'm getting there.
Here we have to spoke about it.
Oh, new developments.
And we exist to serve the American people.
We serve the American people by helping the president
execute his foreign policy.
And we have much to look back on with satisfaction.
Oh, Paul Bittsbury, well, bye bye, Colin.
Sell out.
The witnesses removed the leave Shanley 73,
facing three charges of raping a child
and two charges of indies and assault and battery
on a child.
The maximum sentence would be life in prison.
About any prospective jurors were questioned today
for the trial that has expected the last about two weeks.
Four jurors, three men and one woman,
were seen to be four proceedings ended for the day.
Shanley's lawyer, Frank Mondano, has made a clear
he'll argue that the loan remaining accuser
made up his story of abuse to an monetary award
in the civil lawsuit.
The trial is one of a handful of criminal cases
that prosecutors have been able to bring against priests,
accused of molesting their young person
whose death case he'd go on.
It goes on and on and on.
But nobody cares about that anymore.
We had, that was another thing, you know,
flash in a pan.
How about that for the poll?
All right.
Yeah, Catholic Church molestation cases.
That was very big news for about five minutes
and then like even though it's been going on for years
and it's still going on, they swept it back
under the carpet again, you know.
The Pope lifted up his robe, they swept them
under there and they got lowered it again.
Yeah, we've got a lot of rubas to there.
Oh man, he's got a big fat one and a robe too.
I bet he's smoking a big fat one right now
to Pope, he's in the opane.
It sits for pain, medical emergency,
that he's smoking out of the chimney,
over there.
That's why they're always blowing smoke there.
Or something, five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on a Verizon, singular, wireless lines.
WQA and hello.
Oh, Gleo.
Yes sir.
One thing on me put this.
Yeah, I wanted to tell you, I know you're not talking
about right this, but second but there is another
sinister reason behind the new Christian movement
and school, the intelligence is all right.
Yeah.
What they're not telling you is that one part is, you know,
true, but the other side is since you know,
from the beginning of time, they all religious
is to preach that earth is the center of the universe
and all things remember.
If they go with the intelligent design,
it leaves them a little bit of wiggle room now
for if and I shouldn't say yes,
when likes to discover another planet.
Oh, I see this is gonna give them an out.
I don't know how to give you an out.
Exactly.
Keep talking while I check and make sure
my heat is off to them starting to gag here.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, but there is another, I had read that elsewhere
and I put two together also, but you know,
for years they've been screaming, you know,
there's no such thing as that.
There's a lot of screamers in there, no question.
Yeah, yeah.
You might need sauce, thank God.
That artificial heat, man, it'll kill you.
You know, all that shmots from the building
gets in your throat.
Yeah, but you know, is your best on CD so available?
No.
No.
Will it be reoffered when you put up a new one?
Oh, we might do one someday.
If we didn't have somebody lazy, people around the building.
Okay.
I'll be keeping in here.
No, the problem with the CD is that everybody
rips them off.
We make one and then all of a sudden, you know,
within the first day that it's released,
everybody's stealing them and burning them up.
I don't even know that.
I mean, I'm not honest.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you might find one with a lot of other people
and everybody else's bootleg in them.
You know, I can't raise any money there.
Oh, okay.
I never think to do that.
We might just have to auction off most hair pieces
in a different one everywhere.
I know, okay, Charlie.
Thanks.
Now, here, see, this is what I thought
might be going on because we've got some Schmitt
disturbbers out there trying to stir the pot
and rekindling the old battles with us in mold.
But it was just, okay, I have no problem with that
because anything I say about him would be an understatement.
It says all Moe is doing was comparing
the older generation of broadcasts to the cookie cutter
craft we have today.
Well, in my case, he's right.
Cookie cutter craft is not what I was talking about
just the other day, Josh.
And I say that cookie cutter.
Yeah.
Don't let the Schmitt disturbers tell you different.
That's what Rick said.
Well, I'm sure that Moe will straighten that out.
Not really clear, but don't be starting about your craft,
okay, between us and our good buddy Moe.
Now that we finally minted our fences,
although you see how much it tastes to give me.
Oh, yeah.
Believe me, I could sit here ripping now from this moment
for the next four years in my contract
and still not even come close to making up
for what he's done to all of us.
To each and every one, let me not charge cordless.
He didn't try to get you fired yet.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, surely.
But just about everybody else, man.
You're gonna get fired to this
and I'm gonna go to Greg Reed.
I'm up a mom, I'm gonna get my attorney.
Yeah, every single person, man.
You're just an old crabby, although,
keep telling me he's not as old and crabby as he used to be.
He's getting younger.
He flipped the lid, he's looking better now.
He's walking around with that flat top head.
Well, he can have a flat top haircut,
like Brian Bosworth, the buzzcut.
So that's the thing they have like a flat top head.
And acting like almost human toward you.
Right, lately, lately.
Of course, you're not gonna be seeing much
because he's doing four to seven,
which is exactly where our company
does not want him to be.
And I think that's poetic justice.
I'm delighted to see him there from four to seven,
I'm glad to see that.
Even though I don't want Mad Dog to have to go through
all the angsties already gone through it.
See, this is it.
You do a good job for this company, they punish you.
They don't reward you, they punish you.
They make you go through it, huh?
Well, that's correct.
Yeah, that's true.
They make you go through hoops.
Who the who?
They break you over to coals.
Don't ask me why because they're a bunch of satis.
I have no idea what the problem is.
They just don't know how to reward people.
I'm not just talking about money.
That's part of the contract.
Also, I remember that Mad Dog was screaming
about all kinds of expense money he hadn't gotten
from the dolphin games and everything.
They treat you like crap.
And then they, oh, well, can't need to be a little nicer
to Greg.
Yeah, well, when you start being nice to us
and stop lying to us, then maybe we'll be nice to you.
How's that?
It's called Dittfortat.
I can't say another word, no more.
Dittfortat.
You idiots.
Anyway, so Mad Dog is on it too.
And that's a very uncomfortable situation.
Can you feel the discomfort in the air?
I feel something.
Yeah, so maybe that's what I'm gagging
and choking on right now.
I said that artificial heat.
Don't let me turn that on again.
Don't do it.
If it gets too cold, I'm just gonna have to
like take those days off.
Just turn on the oven.
Let's look at the po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-
po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po
po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po
po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po-po
But, Neil, I apologize. It's way to deal. You are the truth.
We're so sorry. We're famous, Rodman. We don't stop and hold the titties. If you say we, we're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're famous, Rodman. But, the
time needs time with time needs to secure your thing.
He's filled, touching, notified me. He said you're getting busy, but you're dressing completely. He asked if you were
fine, wearing something on his feet. So, your way to go. Wait, it's hot. Every time he jumps, you can see his
basketball. And you look great, Tarty. We Tarty for a standin' for Tarty. And you look great, Tarty. We Tarty for a standin' for Tarty.
Better try to make this shit that's going around. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry.
We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're so sorry. We're heartless. We're unhookless. We're so sorry. We are close. We're surrounded. Everyone has hidden their harmony. Everyone has province.
42
Our team 38
Sky's about 32 it's a three-way race every that small potatoes who or what is the most disappointing flash in a pan
That somebody who obviously is either an idiot or it doesn't understand the question since Bobby Kennedy
First of all Bobby Kennedy was the attorney general under
JFK and he was like a prominent political figure until he got assassinated in 68
So I hardly think that you call somebody to get assessment of a flash in the pan. We never less. Don't put him on there
You probably could will put him on it. Why not?
You and band that I had to be blue room
Listen, we're just all over the place. I mean, this is the one show where we admit it to you
We we don't care about getting it right. We don't care about the sponsor
We don't care about the audience. We just there to get the money. Okay, grab the money. Give us the F and money
And that's it get it over with already
Like I said when you go to certain I don't want to mention like any you know
But there's certain certain gambling establishments
They just ought to have a guy with a gun there when you walk into the entrance and say you know put your hands up
Any ear to stick up you have a soldier money and I'll go home and have a nice day
That's it. You know just handed over in a brown paper sack
Maybe could borrow one from Barry Jackass. He's got a brown sack. How many QA and hello?
Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Yeah, when you talk about the Catholic free things and I don't disagree with you
It drives me nuts and gets my blood boiling
Yeah, I expect the most despicable thing any a fart. Let me ask you this question though
How is it that people keep subsidizing such a corrupt organization? Why is that I?
I can't tell you but I can't tell you that I personally have stopped subsidizing it because I remember and I
Abuse but there were my my look who's going to records and I look back and read articles about it
My guidance counselor and the Catholic high school that I went to has been arrested and be fraught and he's in jail right now
Because he abused people when I was there and probably some of my friends were I mean
I know kids that have committed suicide from my eyes
Right, and it just and it makes my blood boil and it's like
We also had a thing and I know you talked about it yourself one time when we had swimming class
I don't know why yet from nude
Nothing you ever heard. Yeah, but you didn't question it
But they were a part of it. Yeah, the kids naked right?
You didn't question it and then when you went on your parents with that chance and well
I guess that's what has to be done right, but it is
It's I would like to just like run them over my car and
It's just right it's
Get me frustrated. I'd like to line them up on
595 right there by hiatus road and just with my corvette just
That they shouldn't they shouldn't have me I mean the settlement the one thing and one he can do something
Yeah, but it really can't bring back your respect and the trauma that you've gone through
I mean, and these people they should be put in jail to left and rot and die right amen
Okay, they should be put in jail like father gagan with the worst hardened criminal so this big oh
It's like a tempered on were any of these other people to everybody get some arms over
I'm a new man. Okay, I appreciate it and I think how it being was the biggest disappointed
Because you like went what I want everybody need to fight the real problem
Well, I'm gonna go in there. I'll pray for it. Thank you. Okay, 5605 60 pound 560
Hail Mary holy mother of God bless it out there most woman and best of the best of the fruit of the idea thing and they are
Yeah, we can't say womb you forgot to say full of grace. Oh, I know we can't say Nancy Grace
Because I could my blood boils when I think Nancy Grace too. She grace. Yeah, she is disgusting people would
Oh, and Phil Sims gets ripped in acid here in this thing by the way
We should all be proud of that that doctor Z thing
Sports illustrated. There's just one line. It is so good
Where the hell is it he rips the ASPN big you they get no stars
Mike Patrick thysman and palma where they have no stars from this guy whom I looking for I forgot oh Phil Sims
It says
This this is the year the number never was number one team probably gets out of jail and the terrible
She thought they were gonna be good, but no they're not a two stars. They dropped
He says since wrote a book in which he laid some heavy lumber on fellow members of his profession
Position heel by itself. I have a half a page of howler's bell
I'll give you only a few he says Pittsburgh Dallas week six
You need a featured running back if you want to have success running the football
Patriots jets week seven if you want to really be good stopping the run you need to you need runstoppers inside
Patriots dealer's week eight looks like the football might have touched the top of the ground
You mean it hadn't ended the cave yet. Oh brother Phil Sims
Just hit him in a head with a club before the game starts please
Listen paper whenever reminds me I guarantee he's gonna be doing that game with the
Nance of this week won't he probably oh?
God the AFC freaking championship game with Jim nanson filled a motor mouth Sims. Oh
Shabbos sucking it baby. I'm turning the sound down. I'm just gonna watch the video turn the sound down WQ a
Kino Kales Magnificent thank you, pal. Hey Mike, too
Now but I speak in a Chris Myers. Let me remind Hank tomorrow morning cake making order
Alright the one thing I really respect and Chris was a good guy. He was kind of a silly kid at the K. T
But he interviewed OJ several years ago and really ripped him an ass
He's one of the few sports nerd people that put him on the spot and really just do you remember that Josh?
I don't think so. No, he really you're ripped him good so nice go on Chris even though your face is blown up like a balloon
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir
Bob oh, it's not that's exactly what I was thinking. He's a flash in a pan and a pain in the ass. Somebody Q. I am hello
Wastropan
Okay, good one
You have two excellent ones on it. Well, why did you do that? Why couldn't you just read them when you have this fetish about wasting my
Fax paper? Yeah, kind of I'd rather waste wax paper than fax paper because you don't have to chop any trees down to make wax paper
People really use wax paper anywhere else do that once before yeah, they do
All especially in like butcher shops and everything for wrapping meat and everything
Really in what now? I was kind of like you's aluminum for overwrapped by me. He was everything. They use lots of things
Wastpapers like kind of to lose waxy. Yeah little wax is a bit self-meat
It doesn't keep things fresh if you use it just by itself. So what's the point then you wrap a package into take it home
You send me a facts voice your mind must be coming by way of like through the buffalo mudslides
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil just stopped off in Cheek to Wager. Yes, sir
Neil how about Buster Douglass Buster Douglas. Yeah, okay
Remember Buster Douglas. Yeah, I do a yeah, I'm a new Josh wood. Yeah, he's that's a good one five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five six six. Yeah, 60 how about the Kent Douglas play for each Ronald May beliefs about five minutes
No, I'm just a joke. Don't start with those hockey things now
Blazers once for three so they have one goal on the board here in the shootout
Well, this guy's really excited. What is that purpose here at the Boston Garden means anything or not
But the oilers have won only two games here in the last nine years. That's out of a total of 15 games
The oilers of course say it means the 88 Stanley Cup that this could be with the French Qsick on air boy
Talk about grade. Wow. He was sensational five six and see Boston has got the guys the one thing about Boston sports casters
Why are you back on that again because I feel like it? They've all either been great or horrendous
There were great guys like Johnny most and Kim Coleman and the French Qsick and then really terminal boring guys like Ned Martin with a red sucks
You hear red and my Ned Martin? No, oh, well you I'm certain that you heard the bald head of guy what that guy that does the red sucks games now
He's on CBS little bald guy. It'll come to me. I have a brain fart with his name. I can never think of his name. He is so boring
I think it's basically the cool ones are happy to be back home
This past was cut and Grepsky made the past one of the problems and the sport news was on is the back check
We missed a great caller by somebody. I have no idea. Why you doing all the sports casters?
So because I feel like it because Josh made some ass and I come ideas today about how Joe Buck was God and about how
That Dave and boring guys the best baseball broadcaster ever in a history of the marlins and the history
Of national league and I had to take exception of that. That's what I said
Huh, usually said Dave and boring is the absolute best and he's got the best hair piece even better than mose
And he's got a hot wife and then what you said, okay moving on and that he smells good and he smells great
There's a good call
Oh, what was that that was both FedEx it's 28 past 11 and five 60 WQM
Hey, if you're looking to marry and you wonder where they hear all went it went down the drain on the flow
It's gone Charles Alfie Erick can help you out though because for over 25 over 30 years now this cop
That's right. This is this copies five years old George. All right. It says here. No seriously this copy is over five years old
Troy so instead of coming in the morning and kissing my ass like you were this morning Troy
I'd rather have you like do something about some copy coming in tell me how many black quarterbacks
You're gonna be playing in the afforded in the last two games this weekend. I mean who gives a crap
Everything has a racial thing with him anyway for over 30 years Charles has been helping a famous and not so famous
Look their best with his fantastic the most natural hair system in the universe because the most critical area of any
Her system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin like hair system is a hundred percent. Oh, we're fine
Undetectable the hair looks like it's thrown around your scalp Charlie's work is guaranteed to you
I'm not gonna lose but you're ugly bald spot because you try Charlie's system for 30 days
About a month and after a month of you know look
Fantastic if you're not ecstatic if you're not gonna all the action in the world just return it for a full refund
Make the call today and get your hair back
Tell Charlie heard about here on the meteorologist show and get your special Q.A. I'm tweeted out this kind of regular
$800 price of the best in the universe natural hair line system call
1 800 321 24 13
1 800 321 24 13 don't forget the secret to a really great hair system is make sure nobody knows
It's not the real thing and Charlie's new skin like hair system is as natural as it gets call them today and get rid of that
Ball spot look better and younger than you ever thought you could again 1 800 321 24 13 or online. It's Charles Alphiery dot com
You're listening to Neil Roger
I'm any better than Neil Rogers
Here's another good one for the list by the way
Got a lot like a sewer and a bad disposition
You're a big and racist
All hate and ambition now down to the fire
That you're bitch is a red
Well I hate it
But this
Hojan rocker take up soccer pack up all you hear and clean out
She's like a now John rocker what a shocker
Here's a violin you should be a nigga fucking now
John rocker take up soccer then we can take your balls take them all but
Yeah
John rocker you got it I bet you do we got it. So I'm gonna read just these to you
Okay, William Henry Harrison. Yeah, he was a flash in a pan
He was a president for five minutes. He went to the organ two hour inauguration speech out of the rain in the cold
Got pneumonia and croaked Harold minor. I beg your pardon Harold minor Harold minor. I have no idea who that is
Lea the sports guy the the heat player the old heat player. Oh, yeah minor. That's right. I remember
Helby always talking about minor minor this minor that I remember Bill Kamala talking about minors too
But that's another story Coral she's doing in there miss Kamala. Yay five six seven oh five sixty
Let's let's get some of these stories in here. Okay before you know
It'll be like 130 and then I realized we missed all like good stuff including ripping most of more was one year ago
Groundhog Sundays only on the NHL network all right see we always got hockey on my cable too bad
I know at least four you care about third man
You might say the Janet Jackson moment of president Bush's inaugural festivities came yesterday a youth concert with hundreds of pre-teen Hillary
Duffans in the audience. Oh, she'll be on that list pretty soon
Well, how about for the list back street boys all right, right sure 98 degrees
For some of those other um teeny-bop and think in stink. Oh, that's a good one in stink the biggest one right
Oh, town
Well, they weren't even they weren't even on the bad even flashing now in the pan anyway
Get back to this moment of the inaugural festivities. No nudity was involved
But the vizny old style profanity probably didn't win a rock band fuel any fans at the FCC
Nor from the parents at the concert now the pencil of any band is just hoping to concert America's future rocks today
Wasn't there live borrowing a word from motley cruise Niole the leasing refusal proclaimed welcome to the greatest effing country in the world
Brett scallions followed with a quick apology of excuse my language Brett scallions. I love scallions. Don't you love her
Chopped scallions in wontons soup are really great or like in
My sub also or a baked tater which you don't like it always read now once in a great while coming to write move baked tater
We'd like a cheese and sour cream all hollow a little guy else right
The scallions in their in keys see there goes again pushing a food just like yesterday yesterday with the ice cream today with a food
Yes, you don't worry about it. I'm ahead before I would buy and write it to a car
There won't be nothing until I get home with my losing my winnings the FCC's investigating
Heels wish to ban made Tommy Lee for a happy effing new year which year live on NBC on New Year's Eve
The up versus one of the most interesting moments of two days concert hosted by bush twins Jen and Barbara who were in the audience
But did not come on save oh my god they heard that nasty word. I've said I never heard it before
I've ruined
Getting this thing up and really hammering
Duff was the headliner with the half full that's not Duff Lindsay
It's Hillary Duff at the half full DC armory concert which pay tribute to youth on terrorism and community service
Duff who performed in a black sequentop rolled up jeans and sneakers have ever seen our Duff in a black sequentop rolled up jeans and sneakers just
Just yesterday warmed up the crowd for the president and first lady Laura Bush. Oh, how you like that?
My call to you is all is that as you enjoy the great freedoms of america as you enjoy yourself of this inauguration
I hope you take away the lesson of helping somebody you need said Bush will ride through the end of concert actor scattings or mark
And when you do it it'll only make our country better place to lift up your own spirit other performers included
2003 American idol winner Rubin stuttered stuttered. Oh, come. He's not on there. I don't know. He's not popular
Huh? He's not big enough yet
Pop singer Jojo and the band three doors down also a pream were former football player Jason C. Horn
actor Steven Baldwin who wrote a skateboard on the stage and access Hollywood's Nancy O'Dell who co-hosts the entertainment show with Billy Bush
Whose father Jonathan is the brother former president George Herbert Walker Nazi Bush a crowd favorite besides Duff with singer songwriter
Ryan Cabrera a Dallas native who whipped up the audience with his jams on the guitar and the drums
Cabrera 20 said his last trip to Washington was in the seventh grade on a field trip
I lost my contact lens in the capital he told the audience urging them to keep an eye out for it and I cute keep an eye out for it
Wow five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon singular writer's lines
Mad Dogga two the mobile myster at four my good-close personal friend mome
Well, don't don't don't don't a great broadcaster in his own right. Isn't he? No, come on
Don't be QA. I'm hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Sounds just like me. Yeah. How you doing? You good
I'm not Ricky Martin Ricky Martin is sensational. I haven't heard from her in quite a while. Thank God
Thanks a lot pal out good one Ricky Martin put her on there. Okay, right gone. Marick on
What a flamer not quite as much as a Jeff Garcia though. I still can't get over that video
That was something that was a real fly opener
WQA. I'm hello. How about God or a some of the modern. Yeah, okay. WQA. I'm hello
Q. I. Am go kneel. Yes, ma'am. Hi. How are you? I'm great. How are you doing? Good. I have something for the Paul
Okay, um, remember those segues that were everyone in the world was supposed to be riding by now
It was the world that you lived right right the segway
I haven't seen one. Have you? I know now haven't seen one
One don't know anybody that got one. I don't even know anybody that knows anybody. I don't know where you could get one
I read the motorsports one of our sponsors sure
I said where dealer
But I just don't see them being that big thing they were supposed to be in the hospital
You asked for that the way those guys carried on about that. Oh, this is really top secret. It's gonna revolution
I thought it was gonna be like that you remember years ago they were predicting everybody had like their little individual flying machine
You know, oh sure. Yeah, it was gonna be like get the right card
You apply a few miles. Yeah, not too many of those so I thought that was interesting and one other point on and make when you were talking about that
Republican
Youth you know
Not to you. Yeah. That's it. That was the exact one. I was gonna say it's just every time I hear a Republican youth all I think is not to you
Yeah, absolutely my prince Harry. He could be the leader of the band. I think he might have been there
Yeah, anyway, that was my vote for the segway. Thanks. We don't have a great day good boy
Segway you got it. I see you got it way. Well, with all the respect you're just fine sponsor. There are
Sponsor
Station on the station on the show. They were good for time
We hope they sell a lot of them, but the fact that it matter is it just hasn't
It hasn't taken off so to speak. No, it doesn't fly it off. No, but but they have predicted that I was sure that that's what it was gonna be your own little fly like a little
You're like a hot air balloon right, but motorized
But kind of like that thing like we're one or two people can get it like a basket
Like a little flying basket you get in there and you could like go over to a publics if you blocks or a couple of miles to work
Uh, and of course seeing the way people drive cars in the south order. I can just imagine
Hahaha
Can you wait. Oh look up in the sky. It's not Superman. It's a bunch of crazy old people kill each other
Can you even begin to imagine it? Oh god. Yeah, exactly
21 till 0 and at 560 WQM if you decided to start the new year off right and trimmed down with the adkins south beat sugar mustard or any
Low-carb sugar-free diet and here's a story that is a must on your shopping list
He likes a Westpoker even TV's biggest losers are following a low-carb diet and their weight loss is positively
Amazing for years delights has helped thousands of low-carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals
The lights of Westpoker is positively or low-carb one-stop shopping place for the right supplements in the best solution and the best tasting low-carb foods too
That's the important thing you could be at a low-carb diet and that even lasts a week or even three days
Because it gets pretty boring and monotonous
But if you want some things with taste that'll keep you on it
Here's the place to find the lights stop it and sample any of their over 1200 low-carb products like their brand new chocolate dip
Cheesecake on a stick and their famous carbolite soft serve ice cream
They got an eligible staff who knows inside then out the secrets of low-carb dieting and they're open every day till 10
And don't forget to guarantee lowest-priced policy on all adkins carbolite and peer-to-lite products to it lights
The lights of Westpoker will not be under sold out but your raperies life on it
You'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column pull free
1877 low-carb that's L.O.W.C.A.R.B. on web lowcarb.com
L.O.W.C.A.R.B.
The lights of Westpoker your official adkins retail centers
your seem to needle Rogers
K.A.M.
Survivor the ultimate reality show
already they all
to your e-tribe will be left to survive on a deserted island
No two weeks
No light support devices of any kind
She could win a new party
No
Every time the Jewish guy blowing up a show fire
Don't miss the next survivor
right after the ACSI only on TV and if windows is in the state of Florida
Terrier wins the potter should be allowed to drive it
16 to the moon. Oh you bet just like that 80 80 year old woman at the two people running up to the
The back of the name of those people to see if they were Latino or if they were um French comedian
Triple point Monday she knocked on two French Canadians. You got 98 points
Neil the new coke qualify for your poll absolutely. I would say absolutely
But I last did about two minutes till everybody said you know it's like sewer water
Also, what about Ashley Simpson not yet?
Given another week until her show gets canceled everybody forgets about her
Not quite yet
J.W says guess who had this this facts here and just
Well, let me do the other one first that makes me sick to my stomach. I'm so sick and tired of it
You know some people have no shame
But first this one it says my suggestion with the bowl. This is a good one. We got a shot
Give it Johnson. Well, see uh, yeah, that would be good. Flash it a pan in Florida anyway, right local me who he was around at U.M
For a while and had some success except in this tempi had a little embarrassment over there in tempi with a gangster crowd
Remember that the Josh yeah, and then what the cowboys and then he was with the cowboys had some success there
Thanks to that one big trade they got 85,000 graphics and then he came down and he was here's what it says
It says after Jimmy and Wayne conspired to run the brainstem out all he does is proceed to lay the biggest
Gabor industry this franchise up until like point up until the one set era
He quit on the fence long before Ricky Williams ever came to town and a further stick into what he leaves us with his
Coney Dave one step it'll take at least three to five years to the first recovery from those two jackasses
And maybe get a new broadcaster might change things around two of them, you know
I'm sorry to work for the man dog. Of course, we even know if the man
Listen, here's an interesting point
I want you to stop and think about this
Man this is contract with us go through the December of this year. Okay. Now the dolphin season obviously the pregame season starts
In August right right
So the next off in the season
All depending on where they're going to be you and your father want to say? No, no
Well, no in other words if he's still the
You know if the SPN gets the dolphin games and he's under contract to us
Until December 2005 this year. How is he going to be able to be over there if they don't want him to in both double different two different stations?
Sue and sand
I just I just throw that out there. I'm not saying that I had the definitive answer for out
That's going to play out but it's certainly something to think about it's another one of those dilemmas that they've created right
It's something I handled by handling this whole situation so in Nepheli so embarrassingly so humiliatingly and degradingly
Positively unbelievable right anyway, too. W says and this is what really parked me off
Guess who has a beaded curtain now fat toy an old run. Oh, God no shame no originality no nothing shameless
I was talking to old Paul at the beaten center yesterday. What was he? He was eaten yesterday
They had an accord to hold you on and today they got cursed and dunced in the waves if I wanted to see them again
I go to my pictures on my computer
We've already called rips you. I know he's listening right now. Oh, yeah, you suck Paul. Okay, you're pathetic
You're tragic you an embarrassment
Paul turn off the radio and have an original thought you fat
Effet says here. God. I'm as Howard. Oh, they miss our
Not that Howard for the poor. How about the Florida Panthers? Yeah, that was good Florida Panthers
That that one big season and nobody cared. That's a good one
The Florida Panthers right?
Gelly
Hey, Gelly hasn't made one mistake on his broadcast work with the Panthers this season right? Right?
He and the team have that in common perfect record no defeats no mistakes. He's are really doing a Gelly
The Gelly master old squeaky WQA am hello
Yeah, hello. Yeah, you'll please speaking. Oh, hey, you know about
Rick and sed
What would you say?
Between flash and the pan and people who had careers for years hit just ended at some point. Yeah
Everybody
Long time. Okay, we'll get all the passive now because you think says and they said he's on the right
I mean he put up with the brick all those years. So obviously he's got thick skin. He can handle it
I don't think they deserve a bounty. They weren't for long time veterans. They didn't do all that well at INZ to say the very
Very best, but hey, all that stock market talk Rick. That's what put you guys on top at the soup kitchen line WQA and hello
Between
I'm right here you're on that pass man
I heard you talking about
The mad dog and you know
If they let you go and let him off the top broadcast
Superdating I've ever heard right all the way around even if he stays on QA which I doubt
But even if he stayed with us if the dolphins in the other place are that petty that they would let him off they don't realize that
He's the selling point on no matter who's doing a play-by-play mad dog is the drawing point on those dolphin broadcasts
Yeah, there was there was another couple or I don't know who showed he called in on my heard him talking and they were saying you know Q&A was smart
What they would have you and was smart if you and was smart oh
God what a sense of humor what time is issue on what they should have done is is
You know the TV delay and the radio delay they should simultaneously make it the same so you could listen to the mad dog
Why are watching the game? Yeah, I mean I was I never forget the first time
The dolphins were playing the Patriots we wanted to and it would want to listen to the mad dog
We're watching the game and the delay the difference in the delay was still bad. Yeah
Yeah, it used to be you know simultaneous there was no delay on our sporting events
But now because they're in such a panic and a cold sweat over the FCC grant
We got about a 75-minute delay so you're watching the game on television and then like an hour later
You know they call actually actually the call is ahead of the TV
Actually the call is way ahead of the TV where we're watching Brady under center
And I'm sorry on the dolphins. It was under center before the play was even shown on TV
We heard the was an incomplete pass. So it was like
It was ridiculous. I mean this season
Yeah, this season the first time the dolphins played the Patriots. Oh, well that was before I guess they put in the 48-minute delay
Yeah, but yeah, then it did the radio
What they had is a TV actually so I mean can't see can't QAM
Final cast of the TV to make it the same. Oh, we sure could we sure could it. Where does the world is away?
But not the you said if QAM were smart. Okay, that's all we need to say all right. Thank you
Good luck to us pal. If QAM were smart if we were really on top of things if we really knew what we were doing
Right?
If QAM were smart, that's the line of the century
Yeah, my sentiments exactly when you agree eight track tapes. Oh eight track tapes is an excellent choice
That's perfect. That's exactly what we're thinking of for this pool today. Perfecto
um
How about I don't know how we would say beta format on V8 on video tape date beta tapes beta tapes. They know what that means
Yeah, they know what it means beta tapes. I mean even VHS is very soon will be in the carrier although VHS has been here for a long time
That's been a survive. It's gonna go away now that they got the uh no
I understand though, but you caught what you wouldn't call it a flash in a pan because it's been around for a long time
But beta tapes. I mean did anybody ever even own a beta V uh video recording? No not me. No me no way
64 for Howard Dean we got a pretty good poll today if I say so myself the artist is a little slow catch it on
I think or maybe they were busy checking out DFO's new schedule
Go forget DFO on the ESPN starts Monday 7 to 10 PM next Monday. Let's give a big send off. What do you say? Huh?
All right. Hey listen. We like to plug the competition
We got some pretty stiff competition. That's why we like to plug them because we don't know who's been listening to them anyway
Who or what is the most disappointing
Flash in a pan is our poll question today. Howard Dean 64 John. Hey, I got another flash in a pan for you
Okay, speaking of radio. How about Greg oh
Carpeco that what was that like five minutes was the only time for about two and a half minutes
You could have played blueberry hill once and he was gone. He's gonna set the world on fire down here
Yeah, John Kerry 52
Scaffer Ralph 35 Ross for O17 Vidal I17 Quentin Tervantino 13
Mark the bird fedrich 12 Cecil columns 11 a Kurt Warner 11 everybody else including alien nine single digits
How about Howard Stern on QAM?
Okay, you don't think so and nothing that qualifies well with the criteria. We're using the state sure
Yeah, I think it qualifies he was on for like four months and bye bye bye. Howie. We just uh oh
I don't give me started. It's just such a mess such a nightmarriage. Nobody could believe it anybody from like another planet
Would just do not believe this anybody from like a real radio market would hear this story say oh you got to be schmitting me man
It's fiction
Somebody QAM. Hello QAM now what about Drew Michaels and what was the name Karen K through Michael's Karen K and the chic there's three four right there
Got it. Yeah, there's Karen and what about the chic of Airbnb
There we go there's a chic and who is the first one drew Michael's another break already. Yeah that queen that's screamer
Okay, there's the more career list. Wow
Somebody QAM. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm part of Neil. You're speaking to him. Oh, hi now
Okay, the first one is uh Ricky Martin with somebody said he's the Latin vanilla ice right
Second one who you're feeling who in your field or so I remember him in right field exactly
Who in your I remember those days
And the last one for junior
Oh
Yeah
Krispy cream house chief executive and federal investigation they're investigating your crispy cream
Krispy cream donuts the scandal hit fast food chain borrow bow to pressure yesterday and parted company
With his it's in battle chief executive Scott live in good. He'll be replaced by Stephen Cooper a turnaround specialist
Oh, I thought that was what's his name bill come on was a turnaround specialist
Easy or it was just Ivarsia who is restructured and run and lead law the parent company for Greyhound buses
You know something I want to say it again, and I'm probably the only person in America who's thinking about this
That Greyhound bus business. You know where I'm going with this we never heard one more word about that. Oh, but those
Incidences yeah, because there was nothing to them obviously it was just a bunch of a couple of wackos in the media
How do you know that I don't but it was right was right after 9-11 and all of a sudden
On buses were getting a hijacked and it was like slicing the driver's throats and driving a buses all a tip them over on a road and my
Passengers have you come across country on a great-hound bus or any other? No, you know, I've been on a great-hound bus
Waco's are the standard pair get out of here. Come on
So another cover up all right the management shake up heightened fears about the defuble these facing crispy cream
It's being investigated by the SEC over alleged misrepresentations in the it's an accounting methods
And it's also the subject of sheerholder lawsuits. It shares once the darling of Wall Street lost three quarters of their value last year
See there's another example of why you take your money this crap with social security
You want to gamble away your retirement money? What looked like a sure thing then crispy cream right right?
I mean this thing was taken off faster than halava in
Miami Beach back in the day and now they wouldn't give you a nigger and not only all these scandals stuff
But of course the fact thing in the low carb and all that and they're they used to be lined up there another running from there
Anybody will walk spider like start running in the other direction the management shake up heightened fears about the difficulty is facing crispy cream
crispy cream said mr. Livingwood who rose from being a personal
Personnel trainee in 1977 to be crispy cream CEO since 98 would retire immediately if not sooner
You'd been under fire from Wall Street, which believes he expanded the company too quickly without the business
Know how necessary to guide the rapid growth mr. Livingwood has also been accused along with other company execs in shareholder
lawsuits and filing false financial statements and trying to mass demand for the US second largest donut chain by shipping excess product the stores like that great
There's nothing like a good-stale crispy cream donut
I put it in the microwave it'll be fun now you're right. I'm not knocking a product don't don't give yourself
There's no way in the world I'd be a real liar if I throw down an electric product
Oh, man, you can't even only two
Three is my a that I've told you that before and people would laugh that's true
What's funny about that they're very light you can eat four easy now three three is my that's my average number now
Score ice cream I could either half a gallon you don't believe that doing of course. I believe it
Microwave put away microwave 68 seconds get it to a nice not not too mushy because if it gets mushy then it's lost
Then you can't re-freeze it then it gets like ice you know gets bad
But just get a little soft, you know
I remember it was so I would eat three people and we'd eat all four hours all throughout the show right you
Right back in those factories, but nothing like it's edible
I've told you by 830 we'd already eaten two meals every day now
The hopper says he's going home get on a treadmill
I haven't asked him yet about the weight thing because it's far be it for me to start picking on people like hank for like being fat
You know, I mean look at look at myself in a mirror fat tub
But I just don't want to see him because when you get up early in the morning like I told him before you have more hours to eat
And when he tells me when I hasn't figured out what to do the rest of the day. I can just think of
On your mind your man, you know have a few extra meals or two or three or four two minutes till noon at five sixty WQ
I'm the main man Anthony Kelley and order symptoms
I don't want to say this he's just about everybody's main man
I put him number two on my list because after seeing that movie with Jared Lido naked last night
Jared Lido is my main man, but everybody else is main man Anthony Kelley and
At acceptance capital mortgage says it's time for New Year's resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards
Lowering your debt cutting your mortgage payments pulling out cash when in doubt pull it out and investing in really
State earth at the top of your list
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US
So why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates?
No need the main man's New Year's resolution is to give back to the community this year
And so this year they partnered with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over
5,000 abused and neglected children each year
Acceptance capital is donating the proportion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause
With six kids of his own the main man knows how important being a parent is so forget about calling anybody else called a main man
Anthony Kelley and though toll free one
Triple eight for a three loan or go online at the main man.com and you can fill out that application right online
Call him today one eight eight eight four eight three L.O.A.N
This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax if I have a narrow magnal in the side of my balls while listening to the nail rotters 12 to 1 hour
Oh
I'm dying on the hand right to the card of the balls
He drives my view and can she's three feet tall
Oh
I wouldn't ride with her no way
I said I needed a lady to get
So I'm just sitting on a pension delivery
Waiting for the only person to take me away
I'm just sitting on a pension delivery with my friend's time
I can't get tired to say my change
First of all, they don't always say the same
All I'm gonna do what Gettetel's me to do
The driving high ladies she must be insane
Just sitting here resting my bones
Wondering why my wife will leave me alone
We fought it over and I never win
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again
Oh, so I sit on a pension delivery
Just waiting for the lonely person to take me away
Oh
I'd dig out somebody oldie moldy's yeah, we don't play those often enough not often enough right and probably there are people out there
New listeners and they even hurt some of those oldie moldy's including the ones we can still play from my last several years
Which I think they're probably about 30 man left of being still play that don't say
Or have some gate like that in it join George McGill and Vokobry and five to seven for happy hour treasure island
This afternoon after Palmetto just know for the 120 seconds to next it stop
I don't want prices enjoy dance specials all night long
That's all rhymes with ball as L. Michaels would say give me the ball
And look for the qm band tonight at bruise room which I should have known that that's my bad
But that's why I kept saying broo room. What about is that you know who wrote this illiterate garbage stop
I eight to ten at bruise room that I you'll see the qm van they're located at 56
5466 West Aferu in Margate stop by for LeBat blue hockey a dollar and have finds a blue until lockout is over
Well another which had next couple of years LeBat as in LeBat hockey and Canada
Which used to be more snockey on Canada which right now ain't nothing except they show movies on Saturday and that's something
That's something pretty good anyway that movie. I saw wonder if anybody else has ever seen that movie the last of the high kings
Would you ever lead? I've actually only person in this crowd. It's ever seen that not a good movie until like the last third when they had that
Screw in scene and he everybody stark naked and then it's kind of interesting, you know all right
No seriously, and then everybody gets plastered and
Five things speaking of plastered Johnny Russo can't refuse. I imagine he's probably been drinking leaves a good
Take the knowledge since the godfather co star and Palm Beach visitor lists his phase
This is what what papers this from is it oh the Palm Beach post. I mean, will you say he was the co star of the movie?
What I know he is one of the leastest of the characters least is right post of the most
He was not much. He played Carlo. I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball go and bars come out of the woodware
Not Carlo but Carlo he was a conny's husband
Anyway, it says Gianni Russo is probably the best known as the godfather's Carlo Rizzo
Don Quoleon is lazy son-in-law who beats up Connie and dies courtesy of a giraffes after crossing the family and we turn around oh
Hi
Clemenza, but now what was his first name Clemenza? Oh, jeez. What do you do this today? Because I think when he turned around
He summoned back to see he called him by his first name. I don't remember
I know that sounds like really nitpicky and very minute, but as Godfather or trivia people
We got to know like exact dialogue. What was Clemenza's first name?
I mean Tessio was Sal Tessio right? Salvatore do we ever even know Clemenza's room?
What is it? I'm across the room looking for the book. Okay, just relax. Okay. Do we got plenty of time here?
Anyway, Carlo Rizzo Don Quoleon's so sleazy son-in-law beats up Connie and dies courtesy of
Clemenza guaranteed him never crossed the Croyon as it says, but singer actor Russo has been busy in last several decades
in Perigun several movies like After the Sunset
TV shows including a few upcoming episodes of A&E's Growing Up Gaudi
Oh, no, he's gonna be a Guido now. I'm growing up Gaudi and on CD and on the stage
There are all these new things in my life. He says I'm in my 60s and I've had such a great life
I'm great physically. I'm well fed. I love life and singing. I love that more than acting reports
So who appears today at the Poe Lounge at Fort Lauderdale's
Romada Plaza Beach Resort Hotel and a collection of Kruiner classics called an evening you can't refuse
I like that and evening you can't refuse and if you do
But I'm bang
He lists five things he can't refuse one palm beach in the winter and getting out of the cold
Two obviously a great glass of wine three gorgeous women. That's why I'm always in trouble
So I have 11 kids for a beautiful yacht and five a golf game
I've just started, but I've been told I'm an actual golfer. I was doing so good. He got to that last one there
golf don't ever take size with anyone against the family again ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever
What's the job?
I think I'm just gonna play the golf father's in the rest of the show. It's so comforting
You know, okay, so she's also the theme with drops over it. Yeah. Oh, yeah, with like some fart sounds
56705 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line WQA and hello
QA and
Yeah, thank you very much Peter
It's come up. I got a piece of a book now when he turned I don't think he did say Pete. He wouldn't call him Pete
No, I'm a right. I could say oh hi, so
I wonder if they do that anymore the thing with the Garrett with the rope you know they put the rope around the neck
I don't know. I'll go ask somebody. Hey go ask Solaco about that. It's wrong
As you're also right virtual. What was the captains first name captain McCluskey?
Um
Geez, I haven't got any idea. I know what sterling Hayden was the actor, but you're asking me there. I have no idea Mark
Mark, Mark Kluski, Mark. We never we never would have known that. No, anybody else. I'm looking. No, I think you got him on how about my
But Cunio Cunio you will never know Cunio. I would never know the heads of the five families. There was Bruno Tertalia
There was what was the other Tertalia
Bruno was the bald headed one with a little whiskey nasty mustache. Anyway, it's Othelio before I have to turn the page and what about
Gini he was a temp Luigi Barzini. I mean I'm just making a word. I gotta put it down. So good Luigi Barzini
Might be it. Come on. Get out of here. Now. What was that actor's name? The fight about Zini. Don't tell me great actor
Oh, have you got it there? It's it's loading here we go. Give me give me the first name. I don't have it yet. Boys is a long list
Bruno Tertalia right? Where's Barzini? Yeah, he's up on the steps. So
I want to him no more
Richard Connie by the way, thanks. Why didn't you say that? I said this is giving the first name you
I just say Josh just give me the first name. Yeah, but I said it so we'd know it sure who said it Hank? Oh Hank said it
What's Hank still doing there? He's here. It's still doing there. It's gonna work. Yeah
It's no one and he's still there. He ought to be at the track right now. He could me. He's gonna miss the first race
By the way, Hank be sure and say hi to our good friend Phil Saltsman when you see him again
I mentioned the Phil a couple of times on the other fact he was retiring after a long and illustrious career. Good guy
He is retired and I guess he's not a ghostry me. Well, you blame him. No. Oh, and now I'm so glad you're there
I want to ask you one thing. Who's who's dick still forgot naked pictures of oh boy the worst
You can you believe he's doing he doesn't know what gets me about him
He tells you what the horse is thinking during the race. Does he really it takes a part of the horses anatomy to know that?
Yeah, which part is that I can't say Joyce was here. Oh, you can't say ask with Joyce around
I don't want to ask you about it. No, but he just I'm gonna roll with the deal is because he's so mediocre
He's a time-durken wannabe, you know
He tries to do the Durkins style, you know, and he doesn't do it well
But how's he doing the races out of California? You know, he does
Hollywood park right? So he he's not only he's working for
Astonic track and a Churchill Downs track. Yeah, that's amazing to me
And then he also works northern California. He's got to have some naked pictures somewhere
And I'm telling you who I've really grown to like which I didn't used to like him because I have an
I'm offended by that whole British accent thing is Trevor deadman. He's pretty good. He's good
Reaching down and finding more that's his favorite expression
Yeah, no, he is very good and I never heard to make a mistake ever
I've never I've never because I have the racing channel
You know, by the way, Philadelphia Park post-time for uh the first race coming up very soon. Oh, I gotta get out of here
Don't lose too much
Oh, no, wait a minute. Don't go yet. Yeah, what was I gonna ask about Chris Myers?
Oh, no, I was just gonna say one thing about Chris because we mentioned him this morning his face is blowing up
The greatest respect I ever had for Chris Myers is several years ago
He didn't interview on ESPN of OJ and he sliced him up almost as bad as OJ sliced up Nicole and Ron
I mean, he really ripped him an ass. I thought you go boy. It was great. Do you ever see that? No, I don't remember it
It was great. You'd have been very proud. I would have remembered it had I seen it. I I seen it. Yeah. Okay. Don't lose too much
By way did you see about OJ's daughter? What about her?
And Joan Fleischman had a note in the herald today about how she got in a fight at a high school basketball game
She was in the stands and she smacked a couple of girls who were there and they probably ran and she was firing f-bombs at the police
Right. All right. Yeah, excellent run. Yeah
You know what I was talking about this morning because Joan Fleischman is such a consummate reporter
It's like she took this course that says you gotta get every fact and the last line and the item says
Ramsen won the game 4037
Beauty. Yeah, get all the details. I think Joan Fleischman's been around longer than you Cola cats in time
She's all right. Have a great day Hank. You're doing it up
Probably just past noon at five six boys. Here's nice to have in the hopper around
I haven't seen him in about two years. I don't think you're gonna have and now we're like on the same page
And of course we got what's his name?
Don't don't don't don't don't don't he's all right, most people are just trying to stir up the crap
Okay, they're misquoting him. They're trying to stir up a contrived feud
Which is okay. Bring it on like Bush would say bring it on right?
There's a word we can do now. What are you eating now?
Hank was just in there sure. Hope he's not eating well
Uh-oh, it's Tony's
Thank you. Tony. Yeah, and it was Emilio. I'm inside. Emilio. Why?
In me the sewing never heard that during the movie. No, we didn't know Emilio by Zini
I think I'll watch her by Zini
No, always so thanks to Tony's over there. I'm 441 and whatever. No, the nine and 441 there are 441 and 193
I like I said there on 441 one and third thanks Tony's you guys are great
Whatever happened to your brother buddy pony tail. He don't like us anymore. Sure does. No, yeah
1213 at 560 WQM Armstrong Ford vice president general manager David Rich who loves us like crazy
Called last week to tell us these overstocked with Mustangs wait till you're these prices. You're gonna flip
He said Armstrong Ford will blow off these new
2005 six-odor Mustangs for as little as
17,900 bucks. That's a savings of over 3,500 plus I got a couple of
2004 models left and get this they'll let them go for just
12,499 original MSRP was 18660 which means you save over 5600 bucks. It's unbelievable great deals plus
As always Armstrong Ford includes tires and batteries for life with every vehicle purchase
Great prices added value friendly unbeatable service. That's the difference at Armstrong Ford of homestead
So when you're ready for a new vehicle come to the dealer that treats you just like family
Armstrong Ford of homestead south of us 307 street, US one exited the Campbell Drive exit off the turnpipe
Frices include off factory rebates and discounts with a different credit plus tax tag and fees tell them that old fat boy
Either one sent you by the Armstrong Ford of homestead
Pause ever hurting my little Rogers
Jennifer started to hear about you and Brad
What would you like me to do?
You know I want a man. Oh well how about this inflatable Ron Jeremy Tom? What's pretty cool?
It's his vibrating man tool. Oh my god. Have you ever seen anything like this before?
First time in my life. So what do you think? You should never be allowed to talk to people.
Explosive action. It's even got a spring loaded, home-cool rich with turbo-groping action
Oh
There is that obnoxious that anxious pedal Brian with a mustache saying
Action you know who that is yeah, I know he's yeah that guy
Yeah, I actually want those exports flunkies anyway for the pool John Wayne Bob it. Oh, yeah
We can't talk about that too much. She cut off his right John Wayne Bob it. It's a good one
Here's another one. I think somebody already said this I'm sure they did
I don't know if we put it on or not because I'm not paying attention
Harold baby Jordan minor and he was really great. He was kind of a minor factor
Also, it says how many votes did San Bernard O'Connor receive yesterday?
Don't forget to take a look at these Supreme Court justices naked as a jabour
Maybe not for real but close to it right? So what was Paulie's last name Paulie sure. Oh close
Gato goto goto. Yeah, I've never wouldn't know right cat Paulie the cat here's one
Now mama Corleone oh
Paulie won't see him no more. Yeah, what was her first name is?
Morgana King. Oh, that's you play her. I know that we don't know these things because they never read it in the movie she didn't right
She didn't have a first name. It was just mama Corleone mama la Corleone
This Corleone she risked right last one both data. Well, one thing about mama Corleone
Yeah, what do they did that with the one with his name? We know I mean in the movie with Jack
Waltz Jack Waltz Jack Waltz. But what was the actor's name he just died John Marley John Marley
Yeah, he's a good actor. I told you I saw him in some other movie and was a oh a problem movie about
He was a husband in this family that had all these unbelievable problems and he was like always
What the hell was that movie and the son oh that was the movie when the sun went out to war and he came back
What the hell was that bizarre weirdo movie was like under the a screen channel?
There were much of screamers and they got some came back
He got killed in action and then he comes back out of her war
But it's not really him is the ghost of the sun. Oh, yeah, it's bizarre and John Marley was the father
It was some worth watching so it was bonus service first name
This is cute that they named him that because he kind of says his own name in his first line
He says his own first name in the first line sort of
He says I believe in America right his name is a maringo. Oh, I'm a marigold marigold. America was named that. Yeah. Well, I'll be here
It's up when they should listen. Yeah, I know
Yeah, I was just gonna get there
Come on
There we go
Oh to that marlin brando kick off. He could decide. Yeah, yeah, I've got to do something with him
There's no hockey season going on. Yeah, once we get started with a godfather real apologize
We just can't get off that thing. It's just the infectious, you know infectious
Uh, here's a really good one for the pool the WMDs in Iraq
Yeah, don't you think that's an excellent choice?
Not even a while. What is the most disappointing flash in the pan those WMDs in Iraq?
And that's just about pushed for their over here. Well, I'm a bit on that. Have I played that one or he's looking for the WMDs?
Uh, yeah, I haven't played yet. I don't think
George I read that you as forges of discontinued their search for WMDs those weapons of mass destruction gotta be somewhere George
You promised you'd find them. I will not rest
No weapons over there
George what are you doing?
No weapons over there. Mr. Bush, I switched the medication if I was you
George kill
Nope, no weapons over there. Wait out
heal
Time out
Probably well, I'm sure jax would agree with me that the promo for Hank whoever is calling that
Hunt return for the touchdown the Eagle or Rams game
That was that call was pathetic. Yeah, don't be afraid to get excited. Who was that? Was that the TV column? I'd have been dixed
I don't know
But I couldn't I couldn't make it up because it's like a little muffled
I like it for your photo or theater or nothing for a film or like that
And fact quite frankly, I would imagine whoever did that call would want to have a disguise just know a semi it was kind of like a um
Dave Van Boring call up up up that away
You know, that was a great song by the fifth to mention, but it's not a very good home run call
Especially when you sit and kind of like a monotone like that up up that away
It's like round slam home. I know just terminal. He's bad. I'm gonna rip him and ask all year long
Or you can't do that choice. I'll get upset
So that's good news. I'll come. We didn't have the story about the boogster maybe go to do the TV thing
That would be great. We love the boog a lot
Let's see exactly how many are not
Not touching that one okay, it's very that guy who's mentioned that to the facts get for interviews
UK soldiers abused Iraqi detainees poor toll Abu Garh
Ray the photographs of alleged abuse what to Brutei the photographs of alleged abuse of Iraqi detainees
By three British soldiers reflected shocking and appalling incidents the prosecution told the court martial in Germany on Tuesday
See every time you mentioned the brits you got the Germans in there somewhere too because they're the same people the Baton birds
Prince Harry. I'm so glad you brought them with a whole family
The Gatsumershbacher out of that Nazi closet
According to the charge sheet obtained by the financial times the three managed between 25 and 33 are accused of
Simulating violence against unidentified detainees of driving a bound man around in a forklift truck and a forcing naked male detainees to
Simulating performance of sexual acts see that's bag. We always gets in there always always the three soldiers face a total of nine charges between them
Related to offenses led to taking place in an eight camp near Basra in southern Iraq in May 2003
The cases the first of its kind involving British forces quite a lot of they saw us do it so why not get on the knee and get it on the fun
Ah bad news from Iraq again
news
Delemannica
Gunman shot and killed three candidates running in Iraq January 30th election
But we're gonna run official say yes today is a suicide bombing killed two people outside the offices of a leading
Shiite political party, but that's only the beginning as Chicago would say only the beginning in 90 minutes today
Forciwicide car bombings killed at least 25 Iraqis in and around Baghdad the US military says the terrorist network led by Abu Moussa
Al-Zarqawi who obviously hasn't been captured west ties to al-Qaeda claim responsibility for the bombings and posting is on several Islamist websites
I just mentioned these things in passing because I know everything is going pretty well
Great enough to that election. Oh, we're fine. Everything is going really well
Okay, if you dead bodies over here the electric is only on a couple hours a day and phone servicing working too well for most people
But other than that
Things are just going hunky-dory and the water is all polluted and they're lined up for hours and hours to give gas
Because of the fact that even though it's the rich oil country that it is most of the oil pipelines are getting like blown up and
Set on fire so as a result
Hey, did you see the thing where this online for like hours just to get it to get gas sure?
But you're forgetting the most important thing and what I know everything's
I know freedom's gonna march forgot about that even it Abu Gharrab five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty under Verizon singular wireless line
WQAM hello
Hola, yes
Yes, sir
Okay, the basic any rollers the basic any rollers. They were popular for about two minutes
Well two out of three and bad his first effort was sensational second one was horrendous. This was okay
Two out of three even tie Cobb in that six sixty seven
WQAM hello
How you doing pali you let something slip by is why when you're doing that crossover hang yeah
You hit the treadmill for an hour every day after all for more right and I don't think he hit the treadmill
If anything except for
We're already with his fist
Five six seven oh five six you why is he doubt that okay? I mean I have no idea
I mean you know a lot of us fat people I have a treadmill and an exercise bike George gave me the exercise bike in my house down
There and if I were there, I'd be using it wouldn't I no I was there for that week
Did I use it during that week? Oh, no I was under a lot of stress man
I was under a choice and Carol and Beasley stress oh god
I need to have a lot of bottomy so they can remove any memory
I have of just that week from my brain. It was just it was just beyond belief starting a course
Would I call from Norma kin to the water Nazi? Oh, are you gonna hear from Joyce?
Don't tell me about this. It's too embarrassing rigs to embarrass
Just when I thought he didn't have any embarrassment factor and come to fight out
Even for him it was too embarrassing because when you tell tall tales there's a word for that isn't there when you tell tall tales
An exaggerator
Provericator per ver that's with a PRE per vericator. I think there's a shorter word. It's much of them most people know
I think that might be the one. Yeah, hey if you're less than 50 grand last year
If your answer is yes to that question it's time for a career change pick up that phone and call the good folks
It's fast-trained because they want to change your life
They want to help you get some real cash and we can do that is have training for real career
If you have some skills man, you can get some cash fast-trained can I be trained already for a brand new high-paying career
For short months count them one or those three uh one or two three
Siaghan for confused with the Italian and start counting right?
Do a tray quadro do away do away do away remember tomacy do away through way in the year
No 1944 and of course in 48 do we be Truman?
Fast-trained offers high-to-man high-pay career training if you like computers ever thought of becoming a computer
Network professional called fast-trained tool free
One eight six six fast-trained the demand for computer professionals right now is it an all-time high and fast-trained
I've been trained already for a new career and as little as owner roast praise quadro months
Mises fast-trained got locations in candle my Amy Pember finds and for a lot of them they offer you job placement
Even financial aid for people to qualify
So what are you waiting for day evening and weekend classes are forming right now as I speak get out of your
Dead end jobs say goodbye to your buck plug boss and get yourself some real cash with the job
Thanks to the training you can get at fast train call them today. There's no obligation
They'll get you off your dead end call one eight six six fast train
On by 60
With every highway hassle without boring old horn honk
Now you can get everyone's attention with seat auto mic next time the light turns green turn on the auto mic and say
The auto mic helps you deal with lane cutting
Hey
Tailgated
Teal pipe to weasel even put that's re-en
Hey you kids if you don't want to become horn ornaments get out of the world
With the auto mic you can handle any driving situation
Hey, it's I think you want to feel like a stereo killer
We can see you picking your nose or your jetted windows
Pete auto mic. I'll be able to hold auto park stores and karaoke deal is everywhere
You'll you'll never believe this when I was double that bit in the DCS okay
That would just might get to that point. We can see you picking you nose. Guess what I was doing picking you know
Yeah, well you think I was like hot too real quick man that was scary
1231 at 560 WQM. Who are what is the most disappointing flash in the pan of all time?
Howard Dean 77 John Kerry 61
Scott for route 36. He's kind of like dropped out of the running for real. I think you're right out of sight out of mind
We thought he was going to do well in that freaky voice or distinctive voicing though. They're not that
Fort memory in this time
Unless you do something wrong unless you cross and then they remember for life don't remember Bill come on in my right
Mole absolutely
Uh Scott for all 36 Ross Perot 19 vanilla ice 18 Quentin 13 or 16 mark the bird fedrich 14
I can't believe that that many people remember him remember the bird who the bird how it's turned on Q.
We already got 13. I should we just put that on there right and zooming up the list
Cecil Collins 13 Kurt Warner 12 and Rudi's Clay 11
Cantler Church molestation cases 10 Brian Bosworth 10 alien Gonzalez for little alienito
A nine Harold minor eight Phil Henry's got eight are you sure?
Millie Vanilla seven Ashley Banfield six George Lucas six Jimmy Johnson five the Florida Panthers
We love the panther
Yeah, right without your ass panthers who'd be in the blow fish Aaron summers four the WMD's in a racket got three
The Segway Buster Douglas have three new coke Ricky Martin and Denise Rodman and Twin Peaks each have two
One for Karen Kay spelled wrong one Ashley simply. I told you we don't put Ashley Simpson on her
Which is also spelled wrong. Why is she on her? He's a putter on there. No. I said in about a week
She's not done yet. She's still got a TV show
They're still talking to booter man. They all right things they booter
That doesn't make her a flash and append a booter because she sucks
Boy the fast read boys won Kato Kaelin won Jerry Rafferty won and none yet zero four Jerry Rafferty the base a street roller is John
Bob it drew Michaels a tracks in stink 98 degrees or John Rocker don't have any yet. I don't understand that
Can you figure that out which one well wouldn't you know?
Wouldn't you think that John Rocker have more votes than Mark the bird fit rich?
I mean figures for the writers like 20 some years ago. That's ancient history even I heard it down rocker
Right even you know he's off his rocker with all him
patients and
As people in the world are going to stick around the subway John Rocker crazy person. Can we still play that what the psychiatrist interview?
Yeah, why not what's wrong with that nothing I can think of you already? Oh, and we also got John Rafferty Bob
If I don't think we're playing that one
He says you car off my and then he says the word which was about we got this a little Mr. Rocker. How you doing?
Is he me
First up, so we will do the Rochak test
Would you love when you roll your tongue like that all your boyfriends?
Uh excuse me there
The Rochak test is
In Blaths as they say in English and I will show you the inkblaths and you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind
Okay, what do you think this is?
And this is both
Okay, and this one infected Haitian all right
How about this body down time riding the baloney pony
In
Interesting what let's move along shall we let's try some word association
I say word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head
No, Mr. Rafferty, I haven't started yet
Hi here we go
dog Venus
Cat microwave the color blue where?
You know, John why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond jerk
Mr. Raffer, I only wish to be your friend. Yeah, why you got me on his couch, Doc? You mo
What your fat boy? John, I'm a man. I'm sure you are. What's your wife's name Chuck?
No actually it's glad. Yeah, you're glad it's sitting out that you're a fat boy
Come out of here
Why are you ready?
Stop running John
John are you a wild thing? You make my heart sing
I do agree with John Rocker on one thing though as soon as the cat and microwave I like that association
That's what I think don't you you look no help me on it for
24 till 1 a QM now here's that story I couldn't find before but I found it
Just just a couple of paragraphs. It's too depressing over the fat-ass governor Jeb Bush yesterday on bail day proposed
61.6 billion dollar state spending plan that would cut taxes paid by Florida's wealthiest
Let me say it again that would cut taxes paid by Florida's wealthiest while hitting students with hired tuition
Cutting medical services to the states neediest and providing little new money for public schools nice going fat ass
All right, I'm surprised. Yeah runs in a family man. They're all hard. They're compassionate conservatives
Void by a robust economy and a boost in post-sir McCain tax cost from rebuilding efforts
The governor's proposal is four billion dollars higher than the state budget approved by the legislature last spring
And continues to add the Bush's tax cutting legacy with the call for $285 million in tax relief mostly for the wealthy as wealthy buddies
Shlunk butt buddies for the fat ass governor
Same craft is his brother man. At least the families consistent just like his wife, you know the governor is a smuggling wife
Palumba right just like his psychotic kid
That's doing Wheatley's in the parking lot to the other kid that's banging his girlfriend in the in the shopping mall parking lot
And two o'clock in the afternoon. Don't forget crack smote and of course crack smoking
What's your name no well no well. That's right the last no well. Nobody QA and hello
Neil got classy family including Neil Bush yes sir. I
Got a Bernie Carey and I got offman soluby offman tilabi two good ones and I got big bite count for the broadcaster
Yeah, and I got a mark my guard for the sports bag. Yeah, and I got barber boxer for the next
Media of the presidential debate. Okay. Great. Thanks. No, she's gonna be the next president
I'm a barber boxer. Maybe kick some ass sweetheart. She's got a pair
Boy, she had condolese to just squirm an air and getting like all red in the face
You couldn't tell you're losing but she take my work for it. She was getting all red in the post right
It was the actor who played Jack Waltz was the father of the in the move. Oh, that's right
The father in the movie love story. How is your drink Tom good? Why didn't you tell me you worked for Koli only Tom
Jack Waltz, what's his name again? No, jeez. I already loved it. You just had it
You just told it to me. He was the little bit of a kid that went out of the ghost came home from the devil John Marley
John Marley. That's right. His brother was probably Jacob Marley. Remember scoosian Marley? No, Bob Marley
That's right Bob Marley. That was his name. Where'd I get Jacob Marley Bob Marley from Christmas
Carol, right? Okay, and Lewis Carol
And I also ran tell him wonderland see all it all just like one big hugged man
All like jubbles in together, you know like a big hugged podge. That would be QAM. Hello
QAM guy. Yes, sir. I'd like to register a complaint go right ahead. I've been eating donuts for about 35 years
And a real donut has like a kinky like substance to it right but a bit of sugar cinnamon on it
Those crispy creams those are perversions and they're nasty and I don't know why everyone likes them
I think they're fabulous. Ah, that's just the two sugary two gross
I'm gonna go okay
Don't I got a good solution for your problem. What's that don't eat them save them for the rest of us
So K who got some taste because anybody who eats like bunk in donuts all I can say like the Chinese have a word for that fat
Fee H fat cake donuts are dry and great. Yeah, Kate donuts is not real donuts. Kate donuts are like cake
They're they're cake that shape like donuts, but real donuts are donut shaped like donuts like crispy cream
And by the way, crispy cream's been around forever that crispy cream on a hundred and sixty sixty three or five
That's been there since for about 30 years at least that's got to be the first one in South Florida, doesn't it? Oh, I don't know
You know what I'm talking about I do
Been there forever and there's also a diner right next door that that's been there for about eight million years
But that crispy cream to law me for anybody even heard a crispy cream that one was there and I was stopping Erwin on in
You still have peaches records to write up the street there
163rd Street shopping center remember when used to be like how many how many white people are left in that neighborhood now
Changing the flexors kind of change a little bit
But back in the day man at crispy cream was legendary and peaches like kitty corner right
And also you know what used to be in that store and peaches before was peaches wolfies
Okay, I've actually the humparm members all of these things and there used to be that place called hot dog
What not hot dog heaven? That's that used to be on them
Of some rise right. I think it's done. No, but there's a hot dog joint that used to be there filthy filthy
Who's yeah, I hope it's not still there
Will be for one of it is oh no, it's Coney Island. Don't you remember that no get out of here was Coney Island man
I live in Broward back in the day. I live in like 160 theaters like red to county line
I live in the retlins in homestead
So right here is a 19 to one and five 60 W to Q and the Emerald Coast wants you to have a great new year
They're proud to announce that you can still enjoy lobster festively fried it through Sunday at the Emerald Coast
Their floor does number one Asian gourmet buffet. That's not since my opinion
That's has read by Zagat restaurant review who knows their crap and addition Emerald Coast
All you can eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent juicy main lobster served thermidor style start your mouth
Watering experience with the choice of six different soups
Then sample dozens of oriental treats including fried snapper and Thai sweet and sour sauce and an old favorite whole roasted duck and
Huisen sauce
It doesn't say whose favorite that is but it's an old favorite
Also enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over 30 different item
If you still have room after shoveling all of this good stuff down your post Emerald Coast out of this world
Is there for our now features tiramisu ice cream with all your favorite toppings in a brand new
Stainly our chocolate fondue phone just stand under it and let the chocolate just drivel down all over your body
Don't forget the Emerald Coast from what's healthy living too because they don't use any MST
No cornstarch snow crab they cook only with the best ingredients going even cholesterol free
Cano oil Emerald Coast three locations for either in sunrise sunny owls beach in Pembroke pines for a real feast anytime
This is the place to go Emerald Coast for reservations called at 954 572 38 22
My little guy was ever gonna
You would just like make all the
One day
Make sense mama feed you right?
Then the second word
I guess that's the word he probably heard moat his third word. I was kind of hoping it would be that
Right, but it wasn't it's not about you
Will
Jai
But actually turned out it was McDonald's you guys go to McDonald's with mama
He wants to go there. Let's say what mama six me you know come on dad has go to hardies
Hardies new monster fake burger with four strips of bacon three slices of cheese and two thirds of a pound
Human flesh because McDonald's is great when you're this by the Lord of darkness
The challenge is a registered trademark of McDonald's corporation
And I got by the way still dead 12 45 at 5 16 WBC start thinking about those changing neighborhoods
For example when I was home and we went to Ruth Chris and we drove east out there on sunrise
And where our pizzas used to be there and of course now it's slurry of flints that hustler joint right
That you know, it's like an adult video and toys store
You don't see what I'm talking about. I know exactly where you're at right used to be a pizza
Something like 14 thousand or something whatever the hell it is and everything in that area is all changed around
And the same with that north Miami Beach thing they had the unicorn restaurant
That was a sponsor mine used to be right off in fact crispy cream or whatever street that is the corner on right down
Street when you made a right there as you go in east that was the unicorn remember the unicorn mm-hmm
And there's another Italian restaurant there which I think was one of Hank sponsors across the street from that
Which I'm sure it's still there and was a sponsor mine for about five minutes. I can't be those oh vetoes was great
Remember vetoes I do remember they brought food in many times. Oh, did they really if I do recall vetoes was sensational
Somebody where you can't they can't go back man. Just can't go back
That's why when you like living in the city 30 years ago like Detroit or Boston you go back and you say gee
Where's this where's macombos? Where's all the great restaurants I used to love. Sorry. No, not here. I'm uh
We're all dead the
Dexin teaky not there we're Boston. Where's the principal getty house not there the only thing is still in Boston
I don't think Joe and Nemo's is even still there, but they still got brigams ice cream mm-hmm
Man here I have brigams ice cream. I thought you'd never been in Boston. No place you'd like a lot
Not in a winter time, but in the summertime. They're great
Anyway, Rocco says for your list the XFL excellent choice
The league that was gonna take on the NFL the only thing that they've come out of this was the camera that glides above the field on wires
And don't forget he hate me a player who went on to the NFL and played for Carolina last year he hate me
P.S. How about skip carries announced it'll be remembered in 20 years uh borderline skips good and but not legendary
So there's a difference right or Josh don't you say he's no no he's laying out on this
He's still wounded over Joe Buck. He's he's just all been out of shape over Joe Buck
Just ask Hank again tomorrow off the air have our engagement a conversation. He'll tell you about Joe Buck rhymes with suck
That's right Joe Buck is just a voice. That's all just a voice good voice. He's good. He's what he's good
He's okay. Okay. I'm not saying he's bad
But I always appalled in an eagle game when when the clock ran
I mentioned this the other day. I mentioned again
How can you be the play by play guy in the game and not be aware of the fact that they're letting the clock run out
They complete a pass with no time outslip and there's like six seconds left in the clock and a clock runs out
And they they pass up the three sure points and it was like 10 seconds later something must have poked him in a ribs
Oh, and of course the Eagles the clock runs out. Yeah, he was oblivious
He's just not into the game enough. Okay. He's just too light. I know he's kind of boring
Not as boring as the guy they call that
Hunter turn for the touch on that promo. I sure like to hear that. That was that was pathetic
Anyway, here's one from Keith and Bokees is the most disappointing fraction of pan was Brian Greacy
That's not what they're saying in Tampa. Look at the great year. They hear that's right. Well
Brian Greacy that's a good one. How's it going Brian
Come on now
Let's see Josh Hamilton was a bigger busted says the first player taking in the track by the marlins Josh Hamilton
I remember who the hell that was who was that I remember Alexander Hamilton. I don't know
Josh Hamilton maybe that was like the inaugural year or something because I don't know
Get out of here Josh Beckett was second. I had to be the same year
The inaugural year who knew your Felix my ass
And we're gonna put the XFL on there. What about the wHA the world hockey association wHA got it good
So many flashes in the pan. They're just there's few things that stick around greatness man forever
Deal. God. That's right because you can't get rid of me
Virgin to offer gambling on those superjumbo's I talked yesterday about that new
The here must be a 380 but you see that on the news. Oh all over the place. It's beautiful. That thing is huge man. Woo
I can't wait
To a hop on one of those glen and mirror mark glen and mirror mar are in our a guy
We have that effect from glen and mirror mar for about 400 years. Have we ever go in mirror mark right always cranky a little right wingy a little
A gun a total love it but nevertheless he's out there
He says right that's right next to crispy cream is the ham and eggery
That's what us two have both been there side by each for like a hundred years
Also, I worked in Kony Island to high school and may have served you a Zion kosher frank or a knisch
I don't eat knisch's but very likely a Zion kosher frank a fellow named godfrey worked there for 30 years
Doctor to man who is my neighbor, but I'm sure that place is gone. I boy. It was
I'm not sure. I'm sure it's filthy. What it was maybe it's still there and they cleaned it up
I can't believe you were in there. Let's see Charles and your field be said you were right Jacob Marley
You ran Jacob Marley. That's what I was talking about you talked me out of it Bob Marley. We know who Bob Marley is who's Jacob Marley
Oh
Yeah, that's Bob Marley you'll rise to mind Jacob Marley was having easier scrooge's partner in the Christmas Carol
Okay, don't you remember scrooge and Marley that was the name of their business. Okay. That's right Bob Marley
Now actually Jacob Marley. I can see I want to keep saying Bob Marley. Oh, no Bob Cratchett
Cratchett Bob Cratchett. That's why you suck me in with that Bob stuff Bob Cratchett
In fact, he was tiny Tim's father remember tiny Tim. Yes. No relation to Kimmy from passions and both of them are still dead
So who's Jacob Marley? I just wanted all what everyone who's Jacob Marley?
Jacob Marley was scrooge's business partner. Okay scrooge and Marley was the name of the business when scrooge was like
I tell you find it got the light the best
Christmas girl is the one with Alistair Sim. Okay. I've seen that one argument. I've seen them all so yeah
I've seen them all 50 pounds Alistair Sim he was great
WQAM. Hello. Hello. Even if he was a Brit. Yes sir. Neil. Yeah
Three one or those praise one of the way to pray the tubercava
Kathy will in the exe fell
Okay, two out of three in there. We got the exe fell. Okay, get on here. Uh, Kathy will this is good. Sure. Huh?
She was very she was tremendously popular for about two minutes. Hey Neil. It's true. I can have an orgasm
Just driving down I'm 95 but only if you're driving beside me
Oh, man
To lose France high paying passengers aboard Virgin Air Atlantic's air bus supergumbo's will be able to work out in a gym
Get a makeover
Gave a little casino and then head to the bar for some cocktails before easing into a double bed
Virgin boss Richard Branson made the announcement. He is the attend the official debut of the new A380 at air bus headquarters in to lose
Southern France to lose the tracks
Some of Boeing 747s and Virgin's existing three-hour coupe with double beds for first-class passengers and bars were a traveller's
Constretch their legs while sipping a beer
But Branson about to extend the concept of Virgin taste leveraged since six A380s beginning in 2008
He says we plan to have a gym area for our passengers to stretch out and work out during the flight Branson said
We're going to introduce a beauty parlor and we plan to have a casino. So Neil can plunge his guts out
The A380 can carry 555 passengers in a three-class cabin a third more passengers than a 747 with a lower operating cost per seat as well as much more cabin space
Luck over for other amenities airlines with upscale business models are likely to equip the plane with fewer seats to leave more space for
Live as facilities and first-class benefits at the other end of the scale a budget carrier charter operator serving busy holiday roots will be able to see more than
800 passengers comfortably in a single coach class configuration
Most of the airlines that awarded A380 so far keeping mum about what features they plan to offer on board
Cutter airways said to the day it's A380s would seat this 490 passengers
But gave no details of its plant cabin layout. I understand just gonna have a big gutter all around the edge of it
Jeff Dixon CEO of Australia's quantest airway said it's super-jumbo cabin designs will be unveiled in next few weeks
I do like that see this thing with Richard Branson and Virgin Skagland a having flown it
Uh, that's that's a scam. It's it's bad news remember that back in the day was not an IOD what the
Virgin Air experience what about it? Well because they were whining and dining and touting and a one-time
I flew in the business class which was very extravagant and like lots of room and a lot in the food was very good and then they have what they call
Economy class, but I can't even imagine it must be like a cargo
They have premium economy. No, no seriously premium economy
Which is that is expensive as business class which is outrageously priced but is you know premium
And they give you like the meal on a tray with plastic around it
That's a given idea and and it's it's crap is what it is
Preeding the economy my ass now that was some years ago and I made it by my at that point and then to not worry that but they fly
You know like from Miami or Toronto to he throw it to London
So then if you're going to Amsterdam you have to do connecting flight who now wants to fly to London
I don't want to be anywhere near them damn Nazis man see one thing when I go to Germany
I hear people speaking German doesn't bother me. I see some of those skinheads out there in their motorbikes on the
Crawfruiston Dom on the in Berlin and bottomy, you know nothing like an honest Nazi anyway, but with the brits
See those are ones you got to be worried about the Nazis in hiding and drag the world family
All goose stepping along here. See those silly twists them brits at Buckingham Palace much in Nazis the Nazi you can not see
Yeah, that's right
So the one just check about their uniform and the brits either they were in the kilts would you tell you a lie? Yeah
Like Jeff Garcia or like I got those other outfits on it
Should say that they're gonna be scoost of an a day at a street near nearby your ass especially if you happen to be a Jewelmore like me
WCWAM hello
QAM
Going once no time WCWAM hello
WCWAM hello
Neil yes sir
I got one it's the oldies
Timmy Smith where he used to be to run him back for the Red Pins at a great game in Super Bowl against Bronco
10
Yeah, and then all of a sudden just gone. Okay, Timmy Smith got it now
What about the quarterback for a 10-per-bay wedding when it's super bowl two years ago?
We talked about that the other way. What was it named Brad Johnson Brad Johnson anybody see him lately? No flashing a pan
Anybody seen Brad Johnson? I don't think so
256 and 560 QM got the
Millatin and rightfully so Jim made it to the treating very shabby if he asked me
Oh, right, beautiful and then the my good close personal friend
You are trying to bust this up all how we did it in 4 to 7
You're listening to me, you're a Neil Rogers exclusively on 560
Not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
Coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They may be the only band in the history of rock and roll to be inextricably linked to a dumbass prop comic
They were smashing pumpkins
Oh
Those bastards they got the whole concept of their band from me. It makes me so mad
Y'all you got me all wet aren't you supposed to hand out sheets of plastic to the audience or something?
Sorry, I get so angry
Get-wad comedian Gallagher has been smashing fruits and vegetables on stage since
Well since people were stupid enough to pay to see crap like that
So I'm doing a show when this guy Billy Corgan comes to see me and I'm smashing pumpkins all freaking night
I'm smashing pumpkins like there's no tomorrow. I'm smashing pumpkins up your body's what I'm doing
I mentioned this guy Gallagher was a total suck bag and Billy Corgan finds me afterwards and he says hey great show
Man, I really like what you're doing and to least later. There's this band called smashing pumpkins and I have to switch to watermelons
You wouldn't be getting at the end inside the mohime is able to reach Billy Corgan for comment about Gallagher's accusations
He and this to say Gallagher what a total suck bag
This smashing pumpkins at least they didn't call themselves the dork with the beret on the strike shirt band
It's a big juicy shopping wet look at show business tonight
Uninsigned to my eyes. Speaking of that, I want to have the dork baby's doing, huh? I've known for a long time
It's a minute after one at five sixty WM here's the facts again from Glenn who just so encouraged by my enthusiasm
Getting his thanks miss the old neighborhood in North Miami Beach. Maybe this is a different one
But I don't think so Frank goes pizza remember Frank goes used to order from Frank. Oh sure often. I'll figure those pizza
Don't remember that corkies legendary legendary. We love corkies. Maybe if I talk enough about them
I'll bring you over some potato pancakes
Not the blackest and lowest theater
There you go, Glenn some other stuff under which I want to repeat that I already said it
Let's see here's one that says disappointed flashing a pan david justice first it was baseball then there was howie burry
And then he was gone going going gone as my lalena would say my lalena
So anyway there you go david justice you got it?
We got it. And of course for justice
Did we put Ricky Martin on there? Yes, okay. Just making sure that would be bad for justice. We got to go see
Collion. Uh, how did I do that? How did I screw that up?
I'm Collion. Like I said
5670560 pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines before we were you take anymore call
This this is enough to make me just program the
CBS affiliates off of my TV. I got the CBS affiliate from Detroit and the one from Seattle here
I'm I eight million channel cable okay
CBS will probably replace Dan rather on evening news with a multi-anchor perhaps multi-city format that changes the
Antiquated way of reporting the days top stories
CBS chief Leslie Moonvest the moon man said yesterday
Moonvest who will ultimately select rather's replacement city believes many young viewers are turned off by a single voice of god
Anchor in the internet age. Well, what does that mean voice of god?
I don't know
He spoke publicly about his search for the first time since rather than out in November that he was stepping down from the CBS
Even news after he got pushed out by the right wingers by the anneal cons moonvest rest that he's still considering all
Possibilities it's unclear whether new format would be ready for well one rather leisurely marsh whether an interim successor would be named
Those days are over when you have that guy sitting behind the desk who everyone believes to the anth degree Moonvest told reporters
It's sort of an antiquated way of news telling and maybe there's a new way of doing it and maybe not less
He wouldn't mention any potential participants or comment on a time magazine report that NBC's Katie Kurek had been contacted to a gauge or interest
Moonvest can see that the term wall at CBS news were three executives and producer were fired last
For the role in an ill-fated story about president Bush's military service even the story course was true has encouraged him to do something more dramatic
dramatic got it
Also has the CBS even news status as a consistent and distant third behind NBC's neckly news with Brian Williams and ABC's world news tonight with Peter Jennings and ratings
Since I got that fax about Brian Williams being a regular caller on
Rush Limbaugh. I will not I wouldn't watch that the news for two seconds
See what I'm saying. Where's the credibility factor there? I mean a rush suck up moonvest do appear a little to the early show on CBS
Which has seen ratings in shop since installing a four person team that includes his wife Julie Chink Jen when others are successful with one
Format it makes sense to do something different. He said nearly 30 million people
Watch the evening news. I'm one of the three never Sun most nights
But many of them are older like me old farts like me young people tend to get their news and bits and pieces from the internet and cable
Like go the daily show right right?
We have to try to reinvent that he said one of the ways we're looking at is making it younger and more relevant
Something that younger people can relate to as opposed to that guy preaching from the mountaintop about what we shouldn't should not watch
Ask twice moonvest would not rule out a rule on the evening news for comedy centrals John Stewart who's the daily show
skewers politicians and news media each night moonvest is coachy executive of Icom which owns both CBS and comedy central
If separate briefly, I'll fated pairing a rather with Connie Chink in the 1990s evening news program
Is about a single anchor from more than 20 years anchor teams like chat humbly and David Brinkley are part of the evening news lore
The only real example of multi anchor format was when ABC news head Frank Reynolds Peter Jennings max Robinson
Occasionally Bob a Walker reporting from different cities from 1978 until Jennings took over low in 1983 and I showed it off
He is so dry man. He's drier than a dry wall
Dry than cement after sitting there for like 20 years in the cold the idea also likely reflects to
dissatisfaction would rather this presumed air is at CBS John Roberts has got probably an absence of big names
Well, you see this is just like the sports cashew thing. I was trying to turn it. Didn't I mention this yesterday Josh?
Yeah, didn't I say the same thing with the news people and with the dish off each other like how many big name personalities really have come along in the last few years
Not too many right you got Rush Limbaugh, right? Yeah, no necessarily. I mean he's huge. He's a big name
Who else what other news anchor on a network's local?
Somebody give me something to grab my a sink my teeth in new
Besides Jared Lido
Well, he sure look good in that movie out there. You know somebody's called because nobody saw that movie the last of the right
High Kings it's not a good movie. I'm not encouraging you to go out and run and blame me. Okay
Richard said how about cherry coke cherry cof's not dead in fact it's making a comeback
Right the silver dollar. That's good the silver dollar now
Do we have to say the Susan B Anthony dollar or just the silver dollar because the silver dollar was like huh?
They're two different things I get there are two different things the silver dollar was never popular
So it's not what I have to be a thing well
But I mean it was it was out in our lifetime the suede Anthony dollar now you're right
It was never popular and flip Wilson. Well, why would he put him on there?
What's wrong with the person he was about his popular? He had his career at a schoolerson and zero-deen. No went away
They says the unicorn village restaurant and Windixie behind crispy cream were knocked down and replaced by a
CBS drugstore that's one fantastic piece of good news is that efforts which I despise
Records is being replaced by CBS which is open 24 or seven right and they're all over the place and put in Walgreens under a lot of pressure
To I see and they're clean and they got carpeting right and and and even though Jack and it's like blockbuster and Wayne
Heisenga and the same thing with records in Jack Eckerd even though
Those two individuals had nothing to do with those businesses for quite many years the fact that it matter is
You were so turned off against both of them because it was individuals
Even later you didn't want to shove there plus records of course everybody had a coupon you go in there
You had the unlike for a pack of gum for like for like two items and some jackass some old bitches then
If you see he's got the paper oven and he's got a flyer open
You got all these coupons man. She's clippin his and then and then the woman's got to look in there flyer to see if they
In there wait
I'm not going to be oh Jesus God it says the video is across the street close down about three years ago
And a barbecue place was supposed to be open they started and stopped refurbishing the place and for last year
There's been no work on a place. Oh, you know what else is like that?
Which I haven't I didn't go out there when I was home. What was the ice cream place over the drive-through was it?
163rd Street Lord, I don't know. Oh, yes you do then a drive-through and then it turned into something else
And then it was something else after that was it a bastard robins? It could have been now what that was it?
You don't know what I'm talking about nope as you're going east. Okay on the left hand side
There was a nice green place and we used to talk about it all the time with a drive-through
You know I'm talking about no it was great, but it's fun
It says now the coin island is a laundry the basket robin
Oh was a hamburger place and then a barbecue place and I was a chicken unlearned and still a simpty
Says they thank you day for the bad news. You see you can't go back
You can't go you old turds live in the past
But you know something even George would admit that there was a lot better places then sure
I mean what do we got now pop had you know
Coney Ireland look what we got WQ a.m. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Love your show man
What's not like I didn't get to hear the whole whole question, but if you say
Let me give you the whole question. That's what the W
Who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan?
I would say if I don't know if you remember remember Captain Kendall
He used to ride up and down 995 in a car carrying extra radiator hoses and belts and
Captain Kendall
You could wear a cape and it's like a Superman
He rescued people on 95 years ago. Okay. That's the only one I could think of well
We'll throw us ass on her and see if anything hits it. I love your show man. Thanks a lot, Tommy
Bye Captain. Can I remember that? I remember Captain Kirk Captain Kangaroo never heard a Captain Kendall
No, so does that mean we're not gonna put it on there?
Because they never heard of it this guy heard a captain kennel. Maybe he was big for about a week
You know for about five minutes. Nobody Q. I.m. Hello Q. I.m. Yeah, you know, yes, sir
You know I called I didn't
I heard this I
I told me this had worked
I couldn't believe it and I went on to the CNN website to see if it was true because he saw it on TV
Oh my god, okay about a gay bomb the public defense
I had to surround yesterday or two days ago
Okay, I wasn't listening and I he told me to work yesterday and I just couldn't believe it. No, sure
Well, they wanted to make a bomb that was
See you see I'm telling you we don't miss too much. We don't miss much man
I'm scouring those websites and of course 95% what I guess off the internet occasionally
I'm gonna stir off the Sun center or the hero which again is off the internet because I'm not there but
Like this one remember yesterday we had a story which I was shocked and you were shocked because you lived there
It had the most polite cities in America
I'll tell you one thing now one of them could
Not one of them could come close to Toronto when it comes to polite the people are so polite
It's almost disgusting not quite I mean it's just right you know in other words
It almost some of them a little overboard, you know what I would be very polite very friendly just fine
But Charleston South Carolina won that the thing for the 800 a year in a row not that anybody wants to go there
But anyway it says a Midwest adequate adequate etiquette etiquette etiquette
Maybe it is ranked Hollywood Florida the seventh most polite city in the nation to which we say oh yeah
But an equally unscientific survey found if you mention that fact is somebody on the street
They're like to laugh in your face rudely in Hollywood Hollywood since city resident Claude Vidal
Maybe they're more polite than downtown Miami, but this is South Florida not known for politeness
We've been in North Carolina those people are polite right up to Toronto Valley were polite the city's ranking
The only one in Florida make the top 10 was compiled by etiquette expert Marge Abel Young Stewart who's been issuing the unofficial list for 28 years
She determines a city's politeness quotient by reading letters and taxes from the public. Oh, geez
Speaking from her home in Kuwani, Illinois on Monday
She said she got more than 25 letters extolling Hollywood a city more than 140,000 two of them were about wonderful weddings
That were held Stewart-Settled letters its people are proud mainly it's such a healthy climate
It's a wonderful place to have guests come a lot of people felt that the area Florida really should be recognized
Those people apparently weren't on the street this week along the sidewalk cafes businesses and park benches along Young Circle in Hollywood
Boulevard the majority of about a dozen people questions said the city and South Florida in general should be recognized
I'll write but not for politeness people are rude people don't say excuse me they run you over with their shopping cart in the store
It's crazy. Say Chris Serrato all of the Hollywood ice cream and sandwich shop on Hollywood Boulevard
Serrato cities from New Jersey and that's no stranger to Il Manor's but it was still shocked when exposed to the South Florida brand of
Courgiality
Mayor Marge
Glanty or she's a that's the one with the t-shirt band right? Yeah
Acknowledged the region isn't known for its open-handed friendliness a lot of us were a little surprised that any place in South Florida
Run Carly GZ South Florida is not known for that kind of thing still the listing is extremely good for the city
And may even be noted in future city literature the mayor said it's all a bunch of bull crap
Okay, and especially when the proxeter like right now forget about it
Let's do that one over again show okay I don't like the way that would probably
You
All right
Goodbye Bernie Kerrick
I'm in the service
I've got to know you and if you ask me that's why okay because you're bad and ugly and in the state
You have no problem getting laid
Oh
Sure knows how to pick up you were banging you to drink in and a broad
Browse
Egg with door and then you may to sleep on the floor
Absolutely
Don't deserve it
But this song I will sing and that's awfully big of me
Too many rhymes with the poor
And the problems
He's that
I'm sure the next one they choose for hold my security
One 18 at five sixty WQA and let's see who or what is the most disappointing flash in a pan
We got John Kerry 84 and Howard D. 83 Scott for rals got 44 what a he just fell right off the end of the table
Beginning of this thing he was right up there. He was in the lead. He was a neck and neck nose to nose
And I was just petered out kind of like he showed it Ross p-ro 24 Howard Stern on QM 23
How many minutes was he on the station?
Damn it vanilla ice 21 the WMD's in Iraq those elusive WMD's
Remember the song elusive butterfly by Bob Lind no good the WMD's in a red sucked in Iraq and Quentin Tarantino
Weach have sixteen maybe Quentin's got him
Cecil Collins and Mark the Red Fidrid's 15 Andrew Dice play 14
Also the very pious Kurt Warner 14 Phil Henry's got 13 votes. Are you sure? Harold Miner a dozen
Alien Gonzalez 12 Brian Bosworth a dozen the Catholic Church molestation cases which was big news for about 10 minutes 11
Timmy Johnson 10 we got a shot Jimmy
Millie vanilla eight set away seven George Lucas seven the Florida panthers. We love him a lot
Ashley Simpson Ricky Martin Buster Douglas hoody and a blowfish Ashley band for leach have six
The SFL five new coke five Aaron Summers has four twin peaks three Karen K2 old John Rockers got appear
Kato Katelyn two Denise Rybman two one a piece for Captain Kendall like I was see must have voted for it
Well, I know you're laughing, but at least see unlike some of these people like call and something and then I has no roles at least
He voted for it. That's good. Yeah or someone else did otherwise. It's such a waste
Captain Kendall Kathy Willetz. Maybe she was Captain Kendall bring Bernie Kerrick's Bay City Rollers John Bobbitt
Backspeed boys Jerry Rafferty with one and no boats see what I mean the silver dollar
I thought we weren't putting a silver dollar on there or the was never popular. Whatever whatever who cares. It's got the big
Hey justice also as
Johnson's got W.H.A.s got Frank Reese. He's got oh
Drew Michaels eight tracks
And think his got 98 degrees. Oh, I'll look at Lechay. He's see he's hanging on by the bootstrapped to Jessica
And now he's gonna be on an Ashley show and he's all over the place now
And like I said the sad part of it is that about all those groups and all those
No talent little punks. He was the only one with talent. He really can sing but nevertheless who cares about that right? Right
Well, whatever now this story you I think you sent this to me a couple days ago
And I never got around because it's very long about this cabala cabala cabala the great con exposed it might have been me
Well, maybe I found it like I said you didn't send this to me. I think I found it now. Yeah, I think you sent it
Using a secret camera cancer patient Tony Donnelly went inside the cabala center in London to reveal an organization that charges
860 pounds for dinner a pound is almost two bucks
Healing water and some books in a romantic. How do you like that? Oh
Not another bunch of and this of course is the Madonna thing who else is into this Brittany now?
A lot of people it's embarrassing. Oh boy
This is the Jewish Scientology and most of the people in it were in Jewish in the first place
The surgeon at the Ruhm-Martin Hospital at Wornby after I went out of the knife for bladder cancer
That's the third month after the operation would be the most frustrating
I gotten through the chemotherapy course and the good news was I was still alive and ticking
But while nowhere near my original fitness
I was desperate for something exciting anything to break me out of the boredom of convalescence
John Swainey the BBC reporter who knows me of old had visited me at the hospital
And knew that I had done covert camera work before his call was like a tonic
This job he explained considered a curious religious outfit called the cabala center
Which claimed among other things that it's cabala water is how do you say?
Cabala that it's
Cabala water was blessed with miraculous powers of restoration and healing and then it's zoahar books the court
Testive cabala which they marketed did you good too?
They operated from a three point sixty five million pound property off
Bond Street and center London and named such as Madonna and Britney Spears were mentioned to supporters
Some people said the center held people to understand ancient Jewish mysticism
But others who've been inside a cold today called a cold and they are absolutely
Correct my task was to test its claim that the water and the books could help cure cancer
I was to play the wealthy business man stricken with cancer, which was at least half true anyway
After picking up my I'm not going to read this whole thing
It's was on for pages this is a little bit the way I do what a bunch of shifters these people are
Fakers like all the religious man their fakers
After picking up my secret camera I headed off to the London cabala center on hearing of my cancer and that money was no problem
Miriam at reception filled me in that's probably the same mirror needs to cut my hair at i.o.d
Miriam said we had the cabala water that has very strong healing powers would it help my cells?
Oh, it's a very good possibility she said we have one girl who works here her mother used to have cancer
And she doesn't have it anymore because she drank the water she comes here for a shabbat
There are a lot of connections you can do the water is very very good because it affects the cells
It pendered the cells she arranged the meeting that day for me with chagai shuster chowster
But it should be shister a senior figure in the center
See when a when a guy that runs a place his name is shister that should tell you somewhere off the bat right run
He told me he lived there and explained that his possessions were fit into one suitcase
He'd also didn't have money to buy clothes, but received gifts
He said that for at least nine years he'd only been given what he needed
He struck me as an intelligent man
But for his devotion to the cabala center would be holding on a worthwhile career in the outside world
We talked about my cancer
Shouster shister was very careful to stress that he wasn't promising miracles
But he said there were tools that could help including the water and the zohar
The cabala books in her make and Hebrew you need to let go of what the doctors told you
We said drinking the water while meditating on the places that we have a problem with the bladder
You say we'll clean and strengthen those places
Also, you can put the water on your stomach as well
How much water will I need in your situation right now about three bottles of day to drink and to meditate and to scan the zohar
There are a few items I'd like you to get right now in the bookstore
They're lucky to have if you want
Expecting money might raise its ugly head. I asked the water is not a gift
No, nothing is a gift the water is not a gift the zohar is not a gift as you know
There is the water cost a case of 12 boxes cost 45 pounds 90 bucks and the zohar is 289 pounds by 500 bucks
And the shabbat meal is 26 bucks 56 pounds 50 bucks and it goes on and on
It's another
Faker a bunch of crap man
All you gullible people out there that get sucked in and taking it with this garbage man
The Jews and the Christians and the Muslims and the
Scientologists and the Christian scientists and the Mormons and the
Cabalists to all this crap the Buddhists
Man
Why don't they just send us their money? You know if you've got so much money to spread around to give away to a bunch of con artist
Just send it to us. I guarantee they'll go to heaven or double their money back
All right, listen you're gonna get 45 virgins in my heaven forget about those seven man
And they'll all look just like Carmella the Caesar just says out ditches outy whatever you go
Pick them up. We have a cattle and sisters. Huh? We have a cattle log you can pick your own out right now
We're at crap here. They're a pretty good. We got like 75 virgins for you waiting right and we really big up there and crispy cream donuts every day
As many as you want you won't get any weight you won't be your soul won't get fat over the face all size
Bunch of garbage. Nino says. I don't know if he's oh yeah, this is a good one
In fact, I haven't had a little thing here somewhere for now is it there it is
The room is actually
but
When
So
a lesbian. Alright, that was him, scholar, right? I guess. You don't know? I don't know.
I'm sure that was him. Okay. Well, you really are slipping, man. I think I was really
thinking about that. If you go back to those nice crappy donuts, the ones that are like
real cake, see cake is cake. There's nothing wrong with it. We have good moist like a chocolate
and a killer cake or whatever that is. But cake is cake and donuts are like a different
product. Right. The donuts are supposed to be like cake. Okay? Cake? I still, you know,
it's being diabetic myself and that is so many ridiculous things that got five or
three and that was one of them. Here's his Michael who is not only just diabetic, but
goes into diabetic colmas, you know, and he's like eating cake and offering it to K. Or
it sounds like K. 27 after 1 and 5, 60, WQM. Anyway, tiny tin. We got it on there. Yeah, we
got it. Good. Tiny tin. Didn't he die? Yes. Oh, that's her. Good. I never liked that
hairdo. You know, IRS tax problems. They've got a way of ruining all aspects of your life.
They take a toll on you financially, physically and emotionally. You can never really forget
about those IRS problems. You wake up every morning at a cold sweat. CPA Jimmy Buckwald
on the Buckwald Tax firm will help end those IRS problems forever and give you back peace
of mind and who doesn't want some peace of mind, which is why other top CPA law firms are
for their clients too. The Buckwald Tax firm where they got problems with the IRS.
My not a void potential criminal prosecution. Here all you run file tax returns prepared
even if you lost all your book of rival. I told you it was not Jim Scholar. Suppose
you have an IRS lien, a wage levy, O payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe you want to settle
for thousands less than you owe. Need time to pay whatever your dilemma, baby. The Buck
Wall Tax firm can help you out. They get that IRS monkey right off your back. They offer
free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from our
rest of our assignment if not sooner. And best of all, you don't have to go to those
pay-in-the-ass meetings because the Buckwald Tax firm handles all meetings with the IRS
and discussions. You don't even have to be there. So call them today and get that monkey
off your back once and for all. Call 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800, whether you own 10 grand or mid-year rating
in between IRS taxes. The Buckwald Tax firm will get the job done for you. Call them
today for their free consultation. 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800 or visit them on the web at IRSFreedom.com
and stop worrying about the IRS not going down your front door or hit about 3 in the A.M.
or any other time. Call them today 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800.
The Buckwald Tax firm handles all meetings with the IRS and the Buckwald Tax firm handles
all meetings with the IRS and the Buckwald Tax firm handles all meetings with the IRS and
discussions. You don't even have to be there.
Call them today 9-5-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
132 adjacent and sunrise faction says for those clowns out there that have those useless yellow ribbons on their car of which zero dollars go to support the troops. There is a great website, opt truth.org, OP truth, opt truth.org made by an active marine. It has laced other websites, domation sites for the troops and their families. Also as addresses and phone numbers for congress and representatives in New Districts. Also they're working with a filmmaker at groundtruth.org who's making a documentary on returning soldiers. You can see the movie at information clearinghouse.com.
What is it? www.information clearinghouse.something. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry this was so long. You couldn't get your phone. Okay. Thanks Jason and sunrise. I'm going to put that away so we still have it. I'm going to keep it in my pile. 56670560.560. I'll tell you that the clipper that hair clipper I got from what you call right. Sharper image. Okay. Great. Okay. Seriously. What a job it does in your sibrins in about two seconds. Yeah. If you're like, you know, either you do your barbarous omnication, which mine happens to be. You want to like
trim it up a little bit in between haircuts or maybe you're like really cheap like some of you bastards out there and you want to like, you know, stand like a few extra weeks in between haircuts. Especially when you have so little hair as some of us hold for us, right? Right. Who the hell needs to go get a haircut. I'm still thinking to shave it all off. Not as well. I mean, it's good enough for Carmella. Why not for me? 56670560. It's good enough for a Gerolito. Well, that movie was so bad. I'm embarrassed to admit. Especially after going through that lecture about not sitting there watching TV just because somebody hot happens to you. But you know, there he was. You know, how do I know there was going to be like a one
mile sexy naked scene late in the movie? Thank God. I mean, Dominic, you a hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, well, the restaurant on 160th earth street. Right. Like they've been saying most of them are gone. I know that Coney Island had a fire and they reopened. I guess they weren't the same. So they closed down after that. Probably burned all of them.
They're not from our commission to pieces. Probably true. Yeah. I know that the Franko pizza is still there. The unicorn. They get for that. I'm not too long ago. They used to be like the Greyhound bus station there and the big bill TVX pharmacy there now. Right.
And I guess people who's across the street, they've been trying to build something there for a long time. Nothing's there. They haven't opened anything there. So that's a bad hood, man. Nobody wants to go out of business there. No more. Yeah, it's changed a lot of. I've lived there my whole life.
I'm just waiting for the day I can get out of here. Let me ask you that was the basket. Robbins with the drive through there right on 163rd. You know, I've been trying to wreck my brain on that. I don't remember about the robins. I remember a swinton down down the road and further down there. But yeah, I don't remember.
I'm on the side of a US one. Now this this was just when you come off the expressway on 163rd. And on the left hand side is you're going used. There was a basket. Robbins with a drive through.
I believe you mean many a day after work after a stressful day of work at IOD, drive it up to Brown. I would like to pull off that exit. Yeah, I know there is a basket. Robbins over there, but I don't remember the drive through definitely long gone.
I'm going to go back. I can't go back. Baby can't turn the clock back. Oh, it's only that would be good pull to take one day. What's that? Although it's kind of like what was your favorite, but but no, it's different though. If you could turn a clock back and bring back one South Florida restaurant that's no longer in business. What would it be? Not a good pull? Okay. It's a poll. You don't think it's fine. You're lucky. You don't sound like you know, now wouldn't be the clock restaurant. I saw a clock restaurant. What how did I see it?
In plantation somewhere, I believe a clock restaurant. Can you believe that? I think they were around anymore. No. They're okay. They're better than Denny's George. I just mentioned that in Tanning College. Just for reference for next time. I'm going to what we didn't have in my nursing home. I'd like to really allow this Perkins pancake house. Do we have all of those? I haven't seen a Perkins in ages. All good on the West Coast and Tampa or other areas. Why isn't that so many of these damn good places are not in South Florida? We suck. Thank God for two jays, man. Have you ever used your coupon and go there? No, no, yeah.
I see this. Hey, I'm telling you you will love it. Trust me. I can't wait to I'll bet you I'll bet you right now. Gary Surner's life on it. That you'll rave about it. That you'll love it. How's that? Okay. You're in T.
How many QA am hello? Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. On one sixteenth third, remember Sandy's drugs. No. It was right as you go halfway down with the road bends a little bit. It was Sandy's drugs on the right heading east.
East of Peaches. East of Wolfees. No, before you remember where you remember where Wolfees used to be and then it became a peaches right across from the 163rd Street shopping center.
There was a big wolfies there and then it became Peaches record store. It was before that. I'll come in. Before that. And you remember the pink islands. The pink. Oh, sure. That was a what was that coupons name? The designer? What was his name? Oh, I can't remember. They did. They made a song about that.
Crystal Crystal Crystal Crystal Crystal. They kind of Crystal. Why I heard used to use crystal. They cover the islands in pink. Yeah, that was a big flash in the pan. Oh, yeah, that was great. Yeah, the pink islands. That would be good one for the pool.
And speaking of coming off that 163rd Street and turning into basking robins after a stressful day, I had to do the same thing, but I would turn right. If you know what I mean, across the street from basking robins. Oh, yeah, I sure do. Go there. I just wanted to run into Don Cox over there too. I tried not to. Okay, have a great day, pal.
Yeah, he's staying out over there. Well, he's dead anyway. And to make a difference. He was just having a real party. Yeah, there you go. 5.670560.
Tom 560 under Verizon and singing the right of slides. Why we're living in the past man. You're right. Mo is right. Too much of this old time. We got to get with it, man. All these whipers. Now there's all the good stuff from today. What is it? Where is the good stuff? The shield? I'm done. I'm not talking about. I'm talking about food places. I'm talking about restaurants. I'm talking about.
They were like something before they, you know, before they go under before they become like one of those restaurants that was good and then they go away. They're still good.
What was that? I was on 441. No. I don't know. Going north. Yeah, I'm 441. Round here. 125th street used to be Rocky, Graziani's right. And it was a shanty sea shanty. And it was at Hungarian Charter.
Well, anyway, why are we doing this? It's depressing. It's depressing. If I could turn a clock back and have one restaurant we open in South Florida that I love like crazy. There were many good ones like the studio in the Gables. It would be the famous on Washington Avenue. I don't care what anybody says. Even the goiom love the famous man. It wasn't just a deli for Jews. It was for anybody with a healthy appetite. The famous. You ask the Humper tomorrow. He'll tell you ask the Humper about the famous. Like Joey Zaza. Maybe he'll make you famous someday. 20 till two at 5.60.
Your food intensive station QIM.
You will need Rogers. And school. I'm going to have you.
Just you Gordon Lydia. They don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
You will be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be the only
Only one who can be the only one who can be the only two who can be the only two who can be the only two who can be the only two who can be the only two who can be the only one who can be the only one who can be their only two who can be loved and blessed together
One deserve thousand's in the name of our blue heart to have served the reason we are human beings
Look at the victory that's going to rise at the end the race for us
I'm a little bit more than I ever did.
I'm a little bit more than I ever did.
You know, that hand pro that we had, I've been taped it.
I put it on Chrisette and maybe I'll listen to it 8,000 times later.
But it seems to me that was off the TV telecast.
I'm pretty damn sure that was Dick Stockton. Am I right Josh?
Sure.
Now did you see that play live like I did?
That was an exciting play and I pumped return.
That was a crucial play in the game.
I did see it.
Yeah.
It was exciting.
He didn't make it sound that way.
Oh man.
I mean, just pathetic.
You know what I mean about these old hacks?
Old hacks.
Don Cricky, Dick Stockton, man.
Even Sam Rosen, which, you know, Sam's okay on hockey, but geez.
You know, get some new blood in there, man.
That's why we got old hacks around because they're not any new sports casters.
We got to get a whole bunch more puns to that connected school of broadcasting, George.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
Put down the bottled and put it in full throttle, man.
All you, well, well, would be sports casters out there.
You can be the next Lenny Martez or the next Yelp God forbid.
You got a nice squeaky voice.
Or you can even be the next mic Rosenthal from VOM.
Oh yeah, Lorenzo's.
Lorenzo's was so sensational.
Let's not forget.
See, we're already starting on tomorrow's poll.
I don't know if I'm going to do that tomorrow.
You think it's a good idea or what?
That's okay.
You're seeing pretty unenthusiastic and the little similar.
The younger.
You think that or the what?
It's very similar to that other one that we took.
That that was a long time ago.
That's more than a week ago.
Then it's long enough.
Well, and it's long enough.
I never heard that yet.
But nevertheless, Moon right along.
You were the China.
Speaking of that, join George McGill and Boca-Brion 5-7 happy hour, Tragedy Rival and the
Seth Noon off the palm metal.
Just know that the 120 seconds speed exit.
Stop by to win some very low budget QM prizes and enjoy dance specials all night long.
And maybe, Boca-Brion McGill will pop a few ping pong balls out of his leg bone years.
And now the FITICU M bandit 8-10 at the Bruce Room located at 54-66 West Hamperwood and
Marguerite.
Stop by for LeBat Blue Hockey, baby.
A dollar and a half pipes of blue and some lockouts over.
I wish we had the LeBat Blue theme.
I'm also LeBat brought to you by Motovalevats.
Access it all.
I'm LeBat.
My board of Canada, where quality is job one.
It's worth it.
I am Muriel Oil and Desu Associates, proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Utah Key and Canada.
And by Tepley, I am the CEO of the United States.
God, I have it.
That's going to do it, but that's enough for the Canadians.
They've keyed all they want to see here in the Red Wing.
Time's going to run out here.
It's Constantine.
I won't make it back to Santa Right, sir.
Oh, that's that obnoxious Mickey Redmond, man.
Boy do I despise him.
You're like anybody right.
5'6'7'0'5'60".
Oh, man, he's bad.
You know who he used to work with?
Dave Strader, who's going to be the Panthers TV announcer.
Replace him remember if they were playing.
You think they're going to play?
No.
Sorry about that, Dave.
I hear times are tough.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, Pellie.
The basking Robbins was on second avenue.
Right on 163rd.
It was derived through.
You're not absolutely.
And I used to drive through that thing like I get a three-school pot flood someday on a way home.
He did right around my driving up the turnpike.
And the clock is in plantation.
It's right on 441.
Yeah, I saw that.
I could have knocked me over the feather.
But that's how I was calling.
How about here's one of the Marlins fans really.
Like, how about Don Trell?
There's a flash in the pan.
Yeah.
So start out like a house on fire.
You can't get arrested.
Whatever happened to him.
Well, he saw the team, but he ain't you?
Yeah, you're under team.
But he was hotter and episteler for a few months and then that was the end of that.
And if anybody thinks Dave Van Boring isn't boring,
all you're going to do is listen to the game's six-of-the-world series.
Yeah.
And the Marlins, the Marlins are the world champion.
Oh, everybody.
And the fact that we actually played that in a promo.
I mean, when you think when you have an embarrassing call like that,
just like that dictastic thing we had, why would you put that in a promo?
It's so great.
I understand the point in the promo is that they had the prediction right about a pot return touchdown.
But Jesus, to play that.
I mean, when the world series in Yankee Stadium, they kicked their ass and that's the best he's...
I mean, that's the way you get managed going crazy, you know?
Right.
Exactly.
And anyway, for Paul C, I know you're listening.
Can I get to Toronto weather tonight?
It's, let's see, it's toasty.
It's like, well, let me get into the weather just a second.
Hang on a second.
There's more.
There's a big jackass.
We had a quarter of an inch of snow on the ground and the weather, what is it?
It's minus four, 26 degrees.
Maybe it's toasty.
Come on up.
It's murky.
It's cloudy, but I'm sure a lot warmer than yesterday.
Man, it was brutal.
It was minus 23 Celsius when I woke up.
But you have no idea what that is.
But Dan Coul is what it was.
Man.
Am I complaining now?
No.
No.
No bother me.
It's going to be all the way up to 28.
28 Fahrenheit today.
That bad?
No.
A little bit of snow for reactivity.
I think about this time of the year.
No, seriously.
I think about this time of the year.
I'd say we had about a half inches snow overnight in this morning.
And because the streets and the sidewalk are fairly relatively speaking, although after yesterday,
you wouldn't think that they would be, you know?
But for whatever reason, it didn't stick around too long.
Who cares about that?
Castor Nova, though, I know he's listening like the guy says.
He's going to be doing his beaded curtain tomorrow and then he'll be doing the Toronto weather.
And then he'll be doing the, you know, farting the same flavor that I did.
The good news is it'll be stuff that we've already had.
Then he'll be talking about how we miss all these great restaurants that used to be in town.
Paul, get a life.
Okay, get some material.
You loser.
You loser.
I'm going to do a little rocket.
I'm losing weight.
I'm 560.
I'm 560.
I'm 8am.
I'm 560.
I'm 560.
I'm 560.
I'm 8am.
I'm 560.
I'm 8am.
I'm 560.
I'm 560.
I'm 560.
I could tell he was in a dog.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
No bunkers speaks English and a mom.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather business and she knew.
I walked into a little store but the guy there talks real fun out.
I asked him for a pint of cordium beam, he says,
no one to end up, what does that mean?
Nobody speaks English and a mom.
Got the cornered deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speak English and mail it.
Oh, you think I'm going back to Iraq?
I came here many years ago.
Learn my ABC.
I don't say much as grossy as I say pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quicker American now stop making mistakes there.
We know about it speak English.
156.
It's 560.
We got Mad Dog standing by and then we got Mohawar Davida, like a knock between four and seven.
Oh, you got that UM basketball crap.
I was just thinking speaking of speaking with smelly that hold deal about the packies and Indian people and the curry thing we've talked about.
When you smell, for example, when you fart, I don't want to get too gross choice but when you fart, I mean you can, okay, you can smell it.
Sure, right.
Unless it's one of those very fragrant ones that one of those benign ones.
Right, no, this one's malicious.
But one of those malignant ones, man, 99 times that 100, you can smell it.
And of course, when you're in, if you were alone, you can smell it.
But when you were with other people, you can smell it.
But the bottom line is you can smell it.
Now, how come when you stink?
Whether it's either from too much curry for dinner or the last 20 years in your body or because you haven't taken a bath in the last 20 years.
Whatever the reason being, if I can smell you, why can't you see what I'm saying?
Why can't you smell yourself?
You get used to it.
That's the fact that we studied it in health class.
You get immune to a particular smell if you're exposed to it for a certain amount of time.
So in other words, if you farted nonstop, right?
Or you're always farting.
Well, like fat people who don't, you know, they can't reach areas and they smell like that to other people all the time.
Remember?
They don't smell like that to themselves.
Really?
I had the discussion with like Rest and Peace, my fat friend.
Yeah.
You walk into his house and he comes into your house and you say, hey, you smell like crap.
Yeah.
Like, totally.
And he'd be all offended.
And I said, look, it's right, dude, I smelled it before you walked into the house.
And he was, you know, not aware of it.
I went to a fat guy.
I don't want to mention any names because he would be known.
But a fat guy, and he used to like take cashmere bouquet, you know, like talcum powder.
Because he was so fat that his thighs would shape, you know, in the summertime on his oven, 80s.
Sure.
And so he would like take cashmere bouquet and like, smear it on it and all that does is make it smell a thousand times worse.
Right?
You follow what I'm saying?
Oh my god.
I have something that was rather than bathing, rather than washing away that mung, whatever you'd like to call it.
That's an example.
Oh, geez.
There you go.
Yeah, oh, geez.
Here's a fast that says about 25 years ago, I drove to Jackson Memorial with my dad for an appointment or had to fast before my blood work.
On the way back to Bokeh, we stopped off.
I was still in Miami and found a place called Wolfies.
I don't think they took his credit card.
He only had a couple bucks of cash enough for a sandwich, but no drink and no tip.
The waitress caught on and brought us a coastline pickles.
Awesome.
And set us up with the best astronomy on right-ever head.
Great memories of Wolfies.
Well, how do you like that?
Because that's the opposite of my memory.
Remember I told you about that one on 163rd where I was on a holiday, some kind of bank holiday.
And I go there for lunch and I didn't have any cash.
I had a couple of bucks, but the check was like $9.85, whatever I had soup in a sandwich.
And I take my American Express card and give it to the brought it.
Oh, for a lousy $10, I'm going to take a credit card.
We don't take the credit card for a lousy $10.
So I said, what's the minimum for credit cards?
He says $15.
I said, OK, I'll leave a $6 tip, a lousy $6 tip for your lousy $10 check.
I'll never see your lousy as place again.
How do you like that?
That was more likely the story, the kind of story I heard at Wolfies and Pumpernix and some of those other old,
old fart places, OK?
Thank God they stole all the sweet and low.
It wouldn't be bad to have one of those around anymore, right?
Is there any, what happened to that Pumpernix Wolfies and Hollywood?
Oh, the one, yeah, no, a golem.
The name's easy.
And you want to know why?
Customers were too damn polite.
Bye, bye, bye!
