No motor they.
No bow?
Colonel.
Oh, with these.
With these.
That really wasn't rock solid.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're not disturbing things.
I'm just trying to stir it up, Neil.
You're going to call your ass in right now.
Put your ass on the carpet.
Hopefully it'll be a flying carpet.
See ya.
Take these.
I'm going to let you.
Take them.
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
B.
Aya!
Aya!
K忙,...)
K忙, cing!
Aya!
K忙, cing!
Sehr!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Aya!
Cing,九!
Aya!
Aya!
WQAM happy Thursday, August 11th. Somebody better get the big O with the big O that schedule man
He's in La La Land. Mole my ass
Here we're going. I noticed that guilty. I heard the beginning when was it on Tuesday? I
had to give up huh I give up I had to shut the auto down here because I was doing something on the
Internet and there was guilty and he said he was filling in and he didn't think it was filling in for
But his deal is now when he does uh two to four he just filling in not not for more or anybody
Just filling in you know I mean to fill it to fill in well to do thing you know
What do you think here's uh George's pull from yesterday. What would you rather not have
727 votes
General herpes 184 probably not a good idea
In continents 87
I was offended that might have won if we hadn't put it on right before the end of the show
turpies of the i 87
General warts 71 so that when people meet you the you know ask you that age old question worth nine
hemorrhoids 67 oh you haven't lived that you've had some really bleeding oozing roids
I can't wait oral herpes 52 after right is 50
Schingles 43
Constit patient 27
Tonight it's a good thing we're reading these pull results today because I think starting next Monday most of these words
We can't even see any anymore
Constit patient 27
Tonight is 20
Sarias is 20
Soros
my period 16
And 10 of those were guys and set up a ria 3 well listen that lovely list of beautiful things
Yeah more bad news from a rack we don't want to like all the least good news from a rack for four US soldiers were killed six
Others wounded when insurgents attacked their patrol in the northern niraki city
While a car bomb targeted US joined US Iraqi patrol and Baghdad killing seven people officials be saying
body like that the body count the body bags just continue and where was it that you said you saw that story about
9,000 soldiers have died but they're not counting the one wall the
Ted wall wrote the story about actually the death count is closer to 9,000 and 2,000
But they're not counting the ones who die after their sent to Germany with their massive injuries with their legs and heads and arms blown off all of these things
So again your government is lying to you like crazy. We got a blood bath over there and this new tape that just came off from this
Australian al-Qaeda lunatic or for at least from somebody in Australia
uh, and now they're saying oh well al-Qaeda is reorganizing and they're uh gonna do it again
And they're gonna do this and in the meantime here we've been fighting this mindless war now
In a place that had nothing to do with 9,11 already the other stuff
What did it a rack of anything to do with the bombing of the abob core or the any of this?
I don't think so. Oh man. Oh man. He fired at the nice city. We're trained right there in his house
I thought it was a bunch of Saudis involved in this not a rack
Nevertheless don't confuse anybody with the facts and thanks again mr. prison for those always so low gas prices
How low can you go? What a bargain man? You know, I'm a little PO because I've worked fever-slash in at least five minutes
Making up my list now. I find out hangs on vacation for two weeks and so what's the date on that? Let's see you 15 22nd
It won't be till August 23rd
When he and I are gonna like do our cross-dress cross-over thing again my life is getting plenty of spare time
I guess to make his list because I got 34 horse tracks that I've been to in my life including many that what
Many that are no longer even in existence like Narrow can set park and Lincoln downs and
I'm not sure about suffoc downs if they were we open that in Boston
These have harness raising its suffoc downs
Well, so I see them as a normal a VRC wolf arena Detroit. That's not there anymore. Rose and El raceway. What was that a great place?
Did anyone else save that for when he comes back
Top that if you can fat so 34 horse tracks. What a degenerate what a pervert and of course you are
Proud of it somebody calls you a degenerate or a pervert say thank you
Guess who died Barbara Belgitties who get out of here? You ever watch Dallas? Yeah, she was Miss Ellie
She was she was she was good actress. She was very nice one of those people he had alike, you know as opposed to one of those people
Oh, and why did Larry King have Kirk Douglas on last night? Oh Jesus. Did you see any of that? No, I don't want to
I was channel serving and I also want to mention that what's your name a reader crossbe on MSNBC talk about putting the final stake in your own
Confined these these are crazy people see the thing with the talking head networks MSNBC
CNN and Foxes they keep hiring away from each other and also CNBC and throw them in there to the financial like the bond bitch from CNBC
She went up on CNN whatever her name was
Catherine Hayes
But uh breeder crossbe I mean this is the worst needle nose looking bitch with a real
Uh voice that just had she makes rich wall sound like water crime kite. That's how weaker voices
Well, we certainly halted you your husband there was rather all this other crap
Just awful so MSNBC, you know if you're wondering why nobody is watching you probably because you suck. That's probably the reason for it
They put Phil Donahue on here and nobody watched him so they think that they're putting on
Tucker Carlson and read a crossbe that somebody's gonna watch that crap just give it up already. Okay
just
Just Hock the peacock
Anyway, Barbara Belgett is the Winston-Mactor is who rose to stage in movie startup
greatest famous Miss Ellie Ewing in the long running TV series Dallas died she was 82
By South Florida standards. That's not like very old is it?
She did
The San Francisco Chronicles that she died Monday of lung cancer. Point is a lot of that going around now
Showed up you better all them faggots are dangerous for you
died of lung cancer at her home in northeast harbor Maine
Uh
Belgett is done of renowned industrial designer Norman Belgett is was nominated for an Academy Award for
Resupporting actress for the 1948 drama. I remember mama. I bet you're vocal Brian remembers the TV show
I remember mama I remember mama and was the original Maggie of the cat on Broadway and cat on a hot tin roof
Dallas came late in her career. She had returned to take care of her husband wins the Lewis after he fell over cancer in
66 he died in 72 her earnings depleted by his long illness. She found works scarce for middle-aged
Zancris since she was flat broken so the eight when she accepted the rule is made sure I cover around bunches Texas oil family
Though castigated by critics Dallas hurt hurtled at the top of the audience ratings and spawned copycat shows like uh falcon crest
Or some of the other ones oh
Not for everything of course
Not signing was a rip off of Dallas. I don't know. I thought they were all really. What do I ever happen old Pat Peterson? Hey Pat
Belgett is one in any 1980 is Vesley, that Kristen and grandma series remains the only night time soapstar to be so honored
How do you like that? Belgett is called Dallas real fun, but it was also marked by tragedy
Jim Davis who played Miss Ellie's husband jock you wing died
It was like losing your own husband against the Dallas producer Leonard Katsman
In March 84 Belgett was stricken with a major heart attack
Miss Ellie was played by Donna Reed for six months then Belgett is returned to Dallas remaining until 1990 a year before
CBS canceled the show
Let's see now is it anything in here about her uh lung cancer
Didn't say anything about that but I wonder I just wonder if she was a heavy smoker
Because uh chris reeds wife who's got lung cancer now. She never smoked once yep not once and I still think it was Peter Jennings probably blowing smoke in her face
Oh, the underpacing right. I think it was uh wherever around her
Near her. I think that's what it was so Barbara Valgetti's got that's too bad a lot of people dying these days
It's going around bad. See you better enjoy your life. Why you can okay don't sit around making plans just do it
Just to do your thing now the reason I'm taking my poll to then I realize you've taken a very similar one not that long ago
But two freaking bad yeah too bad who cares
I was inspired because I actually had another pull I was gonna do but this story just
Uh a typical early morning trip to the post office in dothan alabana with a banjo on her knee
tend to turn into a frightening experience for a dothan ENT employee once you found a live corn snake hiding under the male
What's a corn snake? Oh, it's you know, it's like this. That's a common snake ain't no big thing. Is it yeah, ain't no thing
They have all over the place down here. I never heard that sure
The non poisonous snake measuring between two and three feet long slug it into the business post office box
That's you know I regularly checks sending her screaming hysterically for help
I reached there and that's what I was waiting for. It's under cuts in male when I reached back in I saw under my male
I saw it's tongue white said
I screamed in a holler and screaming to holler and some more then started hollering
snake
Got a great line for that but I guarantee
I'm nervous breakdown not to mention penny nance. Oh, if she penny nance would drop a load in her pants if she had the chance
She said a tip of two minutes for employees to figure out who to remove the snake from the post or office box after removing the snake employees called dothan animal
Control which disposed of it. I wonder what they done with it. How do you dispose of a corn snake? You just to heave it
To give it a big heave hole throw it into the bushes in my 33 years working with the postal service
I thought I'd seen just about everything but I've never seen her heard anything like this happening before
Postal employees Steve Simmons said he said he didn't know how the snake got into the post office box
But speculated it came from outside seeking a warm dry place. Oh warm dry place. Back down. He said he does not believe it was a prank
Well, thank goodness for that. That would be bad
So here's the poll today. What are you most afraid of? I got some good choices on there for you
Yeah religious fanatics 59 that was my vote. They are the scourge and the human race. We got 195 votes already religious fanatics got 59
You see a religious nut run run for your life screaming crazy person
I'm gonna say it's a little redundant because you got crazy people out there too now
But there's other kinds of crazy people you're right like the crazy people that
Have to do with this show and not religious fanatics any of them
They're crazy people see yeah George W. Bush 58 black folks 16 all wait till we get to that story about guess what county
Is the fastest growing black population in America date?
Oh black folks 16 they are scared a lot of these white folks
snakes 13
Especially the old corn snake Republicans eight pit bull seven rats seven
Rats are nasty when I live in Boston. I've told you this story is about the rats. Yeah, so take her down baseball bat and hit the
A garbage can they would they would scream like a like a cat
Like oh nasty big old rats. I'm fearless six right. We believe you fearless fanzick
Lightning and thunder six crazy people six hurricanes four
Especially the ones that get in the big trouble of them. I'm a hurricane's man. They got more problems
Don't they Josh? Yeah, you know those you have him hurricanes. Well, what about those seminars in that nickname anyway
Oh, we're not discussing that water to flying to batch one and Greg read none nobody fears Greg because everybody's onto him
Even the audience is on him right? Yeah, so nobody fears you
1013 at 560 WQ a.m. for
coin
And Marino, and Marino,
called them four holes today, celebrate!
Your infusion, and to the four hole of faith!
Number 13,
to find things,
winning a fine to a great extent,
to common or covered over his performance,
of no one else showed up their strength.
You were even given a house for free!
And made a pretty win!
Products to ignore six-reoing holes,
and the price and care of the choke from it,
and no contract to hold us back,
and the profit of bad-roaring power,
because our backs go in,
and a game again, every trial!
Here are a lot of bad things about that,
Jimmy Sylvain was broadcast on Monday night,
but then again it was their first,
it could get a lot worse.
1018 at 560 WQAM,
police seized two ounces of marijuana
at the home of Anthony Dioteudo.
Am I pronouncing that right?
I'm not sure, I don't know.
After shooting in ten times,
a court of information on the drug-rate released Tuesday.
Did you talk about this yesterday?
Yes, I did a little bit.
And what are you saying?
I said it sucked.
Oh.
I think I could probably put it
a little bit more diplomatically,
probably,
being a little more diplomatic than you sometimes are,
by saying,
if I can find it,
I don't think I can find it.
Oh, here it is.
That's the American way.
Yeah.
That's still what America is all about now, man.
The weed police.
Also Tuesday,
while many friends and relatives
are the 23-year-old bartender
and student-mourn him at a debut funeral home,
others appeared at Sunrise City Commission,
meaning to demand an explanation for the fatal raid.
Do two ounces of marijuana constitute a death warrant
as Sunrise resident William Delar,
a friend of Diab-Authanese?
Yeah.
Well, I don't know how to pronounce that right now.
And it's a horrible story.
And I don't want to mispronounce his name, okay?
I was fired.
There's, let's put that on there too.
A lot of people are terrified.
Oh, thanks a lot, Adam.
Okay, great job, man.
That sales department is really on top of it.
They are foaming at the mouth, man.
Yeah, they're really, you lost, Adam.
Okay.
Getting back to this story.
And we'll just call him Anthony.
Earlier, police officials released a summary of the information
they used to obtain the search warrant,
listed what was seized from the house,
and detailed what police say, say,
happened between Anthony and SWOT officers Friday morning.
Neighbors and family dispute those details.
And have a lengthy facts here from a friend Leah,
a friend of Anthony, which we'll give to in a minute.
Anthony, 20th, was killed hours after he got home
from work by a SWAT team looking for drugs,
drugs.
Friends and family say Anthony worked two jobs,
went to church regular, and was dedicated to giving him
something as mother Merleyn Wittier, a better life.
Lieutenant Robert Voss,
now, spoken for the sunrise police department,
gave this account of the raid, this account.
The SWAT team knocked on the door
and announced their presence before smashing
in his door at about 6.15 a.m.,
they found Anthony's living room,
ordered him to freeze and get on the ground.
This sounds like a pot police to me.
Doesn't it?
Well, yeah.
Instead, Voss said Anthony flied to his bedroom
and armed himself with a loaded handgun.
Voss said it's unclear whether Anthony
pointed to gun officers, officers shot in business,
and Andre Bruno shot Anthony dead.
They shot him 10 times,
looking wounds to his head, chest torso,
and limbs, equated by the medical examiner Joshua Perper.
In addition to the marijuana, Voss said,
officers, these plastic bags and weight scales
from Anthony's home,
possession of two ounces of marijuana
is a felony, according to state statutes.
That's a whole lot, two ounces, you know, not.
The officer's personnel records were not available Tuesday,
but the business has been with sunrise since 97,
and on the SWAT team since 99.
He was officer of the month from 8, 2000.
Bruno's been with the department since 99,
on the SWAT team since 2001.
Why did they have to send a SWAT team in for a twon-sons of pie?
They have it.
Oh, you know how dangerous those wheat smokers are?
Oh, God.
They might be awake.
Voss said both officers have no history of disciplinary problems,
and he just been involved in any previous shootings.
They're on paid leave pending investigation.
This kind of reminds me that thing that happened in London,
you know, where that guy was with a backpack.
Oh, God, he's dangerous.
He's got a backpack.
Just blowing people away, man.
Just different halibut.
Neighbors who said they were up at 6.50 in the morning
when the radio occurred said they heard the crash of the front door being smashed,
but no yelling announcing the presence of police.
Rudy Strauss, Anthony's next door neighbor,
came to his window, and his wife noticed the SWAT team
to send on the house in the sleepy sunrise gulf village.
No words were exchanged outside Anthony's home.
He said, I heard this loud bang, and I saw a flash.
Strauss said, I never heard them say, police.
If somebody were pounding on the door, I would definitely hear that or if they yelled, police, police.
Or like your crazy friend would say, police.
Ron, Prozek Ron.
Police.
The police department also gave a brief description of the information that led to the search warrant.
Vos said that the department had the house under surveillance
and made at least one controlled drug purchase there.
Vos did not have more details about the search warrant.
The police version did little to a lay anger with the department's handling of the raid.
Nothing adds up Brian Kickbush,
what a year's boyfriend said during the visitation at Fred Hunter Feuderoleum,
if they announced themselves, I guess, all the neighbors must be liars.
After sunrise meeting, 15 people stood,
many were in black arm band.
Maybe they just went, police, police.
And then they kicked the door down.
Is that sound possible?
Yeah.
And to sunrise meeting, 15 people stood,
many were in black arm bands,
adorned with a golden heart as the alarm told the five member commission about how Anthony was planning his first real vacation.
The trip would have included a visit to his 91-year-old grandmother.
Now she has to come to Florida to bury her 23-year-old grandson to alarm said,
as family members and friends wept behind him.
Saying the shooting made him ashamed to be a sunrise resident,
the alarm said the officers had too much aggression and too little judgment,
using a search warrant and Anthony's weapon permit to create an encounter far too likely
to have the tragic outcome that it did.
Mayor Steve Fairwin declined to address the allegations directly.
Samyinson said to be fully investigated,
the response was not what Anthony's family had hoped to hear.
We didn't get what we expected since Sarah Spivey, a cousin of Anthony,
who came to Florida from Washington State after the shooting.
We wanted our side of the story to be heard.
Anthony was a good person he's being portrayed as a criminal.
Boss said that people should be patient as the police department
and they have a broad state of attorney's office.
Oh, yeah, just relax.
Okay, just calm down.
We'll investigate.
It will make up a bunch of stuff.
The department greaves for the family.
We grieve for our officers too,
taking human life isn't easy to do.
Boss said it'll be investigated.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
Ten times.
I just want to get a see it.
Anyway, to make a long story short,
she was a girl.
She was neighbors with a girlfriend of Anthony.
She says he didn't have a prior record.
A neighbor of Anthony was annoyed by the cars that came away late at night,
so he was reported and the police were conducting suspicious activity.
See, it's a neighbor.
There's the chigger in the wood pile.
That's what it's all about.
All you, all you, uh,
tattletails out there.
An actuality, he was a bartender,
and after his shifts were over between three and four in the morning.
he'd have his friends rather employees would work with him over to hang out.
Anyone who's worked in a restaurant business knows that's what you do after work hang
out, have some drinks and if you choose, smoke a little number.
He had a concealed weapon in his license.
The original report from police stated he pointed the gun at them, but hours later they
retracted that saying they were not positive if they pointed the gun or not.
As of this morning, he means yesterday, the only statement given with the not sure if
he pointed the gun, but if there was one not lying next to him, after he was shot.
Uh-huh.
His neighbor, not the one that reported him, who lived directly next door, I witnessed
the whole incident said he never heard the police dressed in total black and out to
they were.
Directly confronting with the police statement, conflicting, which says they announced
their presence many times.
After five minutes, they entered any heard shots.
Anthony had a job for two years to help a single mother pay for the new house they moved
into a few months ago.
The police confiscated two ounces of pot, some paraphernalia, a handgun, a shotgun and a
BB gun.
Leah says the incident scares me because if this could happen to Anthony was considered
to be a very honest and sincere young man, it could happen to anyone who enjoys having
a smoke with some friends.
He never had or dealt large amounts of pot, but I was dead.
I don't understand this vacation.
Leah, you're an America honey, you better start getting with it, but I understand the
pot police.
Not to mention the snitches now.
This is the thing that they keep encouraging people to do.
It snits on your neighbor.
Make up a bunch of crap if you don't like them.
Just ask George about his neighbor who died.
See what happens?
When you start making trouble for your neighbor, God,
Dale, God, points his finger down and you're in space.
That's what's going to happen to neighbors that were making trouble for Anthony.
Okay, and I'll point out that he's dead because he had two ounces of pot and because he
had evidently allegedly a malcontent neighbor.
That nice way to put it.
That's a nice way.
He's a crap.
So anyway, there you go, another dead person.
As America has no value on life whatsoever, just went and doubt, take him out.
Well, boy, although we do like those fetus a lot.
And man, oh man, those, uh, themselves, yeah, the stem cells were obsessed with them.
The fetus, I guess, better have better aim now because hang on to them stem cells is
a lot more difficult.
What are you most afraid of?
That's our pool today.
You know something we got another one for you.
The police.
There's a good one for you.
Okay.
Police.
You're right.
Yeah, because it's become a police state for the last several years, not just even
with Bush.
It's been going on for a long, long time in America.
It's a freaking police state.
Give some jackass, some redneck had gone in the badge and but a bane.
238 votes we got on there so far.
Pretty weak.
What are you most afraid of?
Religious fanatics 73 in George W. Bush 70.
Black folks.
19.
Oh, come on.
Don't be so racist all low.
Uh, big black guys.
What about black police?
Uh, snakes 16.
Republicans 12.
Pitbull's 8.
Rats 8.
Lightning and Thunder 7.
I'm fearless 6.
Still only 6.
Hurricane 6.
Crazy people 6.
Water 3.
Flying 2.
Greg Reed 1.
Oh, I know who made that vote.
Oh, how?
Uh, bats 1.
The police and spiders we just put on there so far.
1028 at QA.
This is your attorney general and prepare a decency insensible shoes gone ash-craw.
Legalization of marijuana is on the rise around the world like England, Canada.
But those are just some foreigners.
We can't let that happen here.
The greatest priest in most arrogant country in the world.
While legalization of marijuana would cause unemployment to rise by dismantling of the
BTA task force, it would take food from the mouths of the Pali Tissues.
So stick without the haul.
That's fine.
And cover up them naked statues, will you?
I have a mother complex.
And that bothers me.
And get your feet off my nice clean floor.
This passage paid for by citizens against pun in America.
OK.
People I was a charade.
I just did a Google search like this faxist.
It's a what now a charade.
It's a charade.
OK.
Well, civilization collapsed with the yada yada yada.
I'm going to run out of oil.
In the vein of peak oil as a non-event, I had any rate.
Because the fax I just got for the poll says peak oil.
Do a Google search sometime.
Science stoned in highly a PS George is a demigod.
I like that.
So it's a demigod.
And George demigod.
Or a demimor.
Demi.
So we're not putting that on there.
Yes.
How about gas prices?
We could put that on there.
OK.
And thank you again, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
You butcher, you murderer.
You and your buddies, the Saudis, man.
And anyway, speaking of now, this story I caution you,
it's from a website.
We have a link to it on our website, prismplanted.com,
which is just a little bit radical, but nevertheless, tad bit.
But this is tad bit, but this forced our general,
I actually had the story about him and his alleged sexual
hanky-panky that they don't want to give us any details about the
reason that he was a fire-dited.
But forced our general fired for organizing coup against
neo-cons question mark, that's the story.
We put this on the website.
Didn't we put it on there?
We put it on yet.
Josh.
Oh, if you sent it to me, it's up there.
One more, but I think I sent it to you this morning.
Yeah, like I said, it's not up there.
Oh, but it will be.
Yes.
The head of Fort Monroe's training in doctrine command forced
our general Kevin P. Burns was fired to.
They apparently for sexual misconduct,
cordial official sources, other sources, however, have offered a different
explanation for Burns dismissal, which ties in with the Bush
administration's unpopular plan to attack Iran and the staged
nuclear attack in the US, which would provide the pretext to do so.
Sounds like 9-11 to me all over again, doesn't it?
According to reported Greks's Manski, anonymous military sources said
that Burns was the leader of a faction that was preparing to
instigate a coup against the Neocon Hawks in an attempt to prevent
further global conflict.
Indications are that much like popular opinion amongst the general public,
half the military opposed the Neocon's agenda that have supported.
Further revelations were reported by journalists Lee Lindleurman.
Lurman's army sources, including a former captain in intelligence,
became outraged when they learned that the official story behind 9-11
was impossible.
They told Lehrman that the imminent Northcom nuclear terror exercise
based in Charleston, South Carolina, where a nuclear warhead
has smuggled off a ship and detonated, was originally intended to go
live, as in the drill would be used to cover for a real
false flag-stage attack.
This website has relentlessly discussed similar style drills,
which were placed on the morning of 9-11 and the morning of 7-7 in London.
Speculation exists that he had potentially discovered the fact that
it was going to go live and he was trying to put a stop to it,
also speculation in the case that he made me part of a military coup
designed to prevent the ridiculous idea of doing nuclear war with Iran.
How do you like that?
Well, you know that the Neocon's aren't going yet.
This is only the beginning, like Chicago would say.
Right.
I don't think we ought to take a few calls here today,
because like Tuesday, it worked out just fine for me.
What?
No, it was.
Why don't we take a whole lot of calls, but I think we probably,
because I don't think there are too many other things that need to be on this pool,
but you never know.
I mean, this is like the one on Tuesday was closed.
This one is open a little crack.
I can't say crack, because the crack police,
they're not going to adore it.
If I was there, which I'm not thinking,
because there's lots of people walking around smoking big,
fat ones here, and nobody's getting shot,
nobody's getting busted, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
See, I know that Neccom is surprised you, but in Canada,
not only are they on the verge of legalizing totally,
but also people who get shot for having two ounces of pot.
Not.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
What a concept.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neccom, how you doing, buddy?
Okay, paling.
Listen, I'm going to promote the police on your pool.
I'm going to enjoy that one, tell you a quick little story.
Neccom, I'm scared of death to police,
and I'll be going over and camp over to the business.
Now, it's coming across the driveway,
and he had to close down any one lane late at night,
because like three of them were on the back,
and the sky was like riding my bike.
You know, and I'm doing 7, you know, 55, and it is.
Right, so.
So I tapped my brakes, you know,
and Neccom, you know, this blue light flash is right behind me,
and I was like, oh, no.
I get down a bottom ridge, I pulled over.
I look at my mirrors, I've rolled them, I winded it,
it's a guy in a short pants and a t-shirt.
And he wanted them, my car, and just no lie,
the ass, where am I going?
He pulled out a gun, he said, you got to profit me,
and I just knocked the liquor on his breath,
and I said, no, sir, I've got to profit you.
I just told him, you know, I'm trying to explain myself,
because I'm scared of death.
And he goes, okay, don't let her let this happen again,
and he walks away.
So I told him, he'll go to the sheriff's department next day,
and they told me, oh, forget it ever happened,
no young bother me getting kind of report.
Right.
And second meal.
Okay, what do you think, I know it just happened something with you,
but what do you think of Lindroth, you know, our lease?
No, please.
Paris the thought.
I think it'd be great.
After the first six hemorrhage entrustions,
the last thing we need is more damage goods,
after all, and Nolan, we don't need that again.
Have a great day, Pal, don't start with a hockey talk.
Oh my goodness.
Eric, of course, always brings daddy along with him.
That's the biggest part of the problem.
And Josh ain't too crazy about it either.
5.6705.60, 0.560, 0.560, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Let's get hockey intensive, not.
And we got Geltie, let's see, Curtis H2, Geltie at 4.
Marlins at the X-X30, horrible thing.
I got that story a little later on about that woman that got,
I didn't realize how seriously she got injured.
I was watching the Arizona telecast was on my package last night
of the Marlin game.
Yeah, well, at least you, they recognized it happening.
We had no idea.
They've been boring, had no idea?
Nobody had any idea, I don't believe.
I mean, we have the TV monitor going right there too.
Oh no, they talked about it.
They said, oh, it looks really bad.
And they said the whole place is silent,
which is not a good sign.
And they didn't show it to their credit.
They didn't put the cameras on the chaos.
I must have been going on over there behind the first base up in the stands.
But Sean Green, the splintered is bad.
And part of it flew into the stands
and a woman had her screen ruptured.
But I will get to that later on.
But anyway, the Arizona telecast made a point of that
and at least they knew what was going on.
But hey, I don't want to start it on that.
How about you, QAM? Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
And I get half the time that the last call I had.
Go ahead.
I want to have one time to go out and lift.
And that's, I'm really afraid of left-wing doctors, man.
They scare me.
What?
Left-wing spin doctors.
Kind of like what's going on in the air this morning.
Do you realize you have to get a court order before you raid a home?
You don't, you please just can't go in and raid a house without reason.
Left-wing spin doctors.
So in other words, if we're unhappy that police wither without a warrant
went to a place because somebody complained about noise or whatever.
No, the guy would lose something to you later.
Or a pen shot.
That makes me into it.
I beg your pardon?
He's a drug dealer with firearms.
Okay.
How do you know?
Wait a minute because you got two ounces of just a minute.
You know, nowhere in any of the stories that's seen as a drug dealer.
And somebody who's got two ounces of pot is a drug dealer.
No, they just have scales laying around it.
You know, the average person does that.
And, and bags, right?
Yeah.
And so what if he is a drug dealer?
That means he ought to be blowing away shot ten times.
No, we've got to move him into your neighborhood.
I don't know.
I'll guarantee you we've got plenty of people here with two ounces of pot.
Nobody's blowing them away, okay?
That was one of the cops.
No, I'm sure of that.
Left wing spin doctor, my ass, okay?
You fascist.
You're a lunatic.
You maniac.
No, you can't handle the truth because you know, if somebody gives you a badge and a gun and right away,
but I beg you, but I won't, man.
We had it.
I'll warrant, yeah.
You have a warrant to lie also?
About what?
About what?
What was the door?
Which all the neighbors said they never heard that?
Maybe they just whispered it.
Please, please.
And then you just smashed out of there.
I think they've seen too many TV shows.
I think they've seen too many TV shows.
We've seen cops a million times.
They don't they don't announce their presence and not because of the cops.
Of course they're not.
But I'm being reported to the people.
They can come in guns blaze right before you can flip out.
They was a drug dealer.
Wow, pot.
Daughter.
Daughter.
Did they find any like a crack?
No.
Did they find like a meth lab?
No.
No, they found out.
They found out.
You know what I mean?
People are starting to really dangerous guy.
Grow up already.
Will you please.
You are dangerous.
You're the kind of idiot we're afraid of, okay, sir?
Right wing jackass.
Ice hole.
Idiot.
Fascist.
Lunatic.
Murderer.
Perfect for a bush.
You know, that's why he starts with the left wing spin doctor, Crapig and right.
Maybe we can get him his own show on MSNBC.
Right after we do cross big goes off next week.
1042 at 560 WDQAM.
You do not belong in here, you damn crackhead.
Go smoke your crack please.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It was great without a qualm.
Oh my God.
Yes.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
From Harry to Hop Public.
We're with them here.
at 560 WDQAM to march a weekend bask in the Almaå diettast.
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
They can't escape all I got
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
They must get me again a parking lot
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a...
Police can't make a....
coping tricks
And he had a scale. What about the skills of justice you jackass?
Imagine during the prohibition years, you know, if you had beer and if the same thing was going on.
No, not your name with the Kennedy.
Sure.
How about a processor for the pool? Somebody says they're scary. I've never gotten any good news from one of them.
Okay, we can put that on there. A processor.
Yeah, maybe what you had was drug dealers.
Move in your neighborhood. I don't like that.
You were left winged, spin doctor.
Oh, man, you're spinning right now. I thought it was the right wingers who were all supposedly so much all for life.
That's right. That's life before it was really life.
Who that? That's spinning.
I've told you many, many times before the right wingers all I care about is nebulous life.
Once you're born, once you're out of the womb, man, they don't give a crap about you.
But if it's the fetus or the stem cell, oh my goodness, this is a precious life and all this other crap.
Unless, of course, it's a life and then that's another story or a pus moker or a pus moker.
Life, my ass. That's right. When it doubt just take them out.
He was a drug dealer. He was dangerous. He was even evil doer.
Nice job, by the way, in the Bush administration to catch enough to Osama Yomaman,
Mulebule, Omar, and Al Zawahiri and Al Zarkawi and all of these crazy goyms.
Nice job.
Lithuanian spin doctors, my ass man, you haven't got a, if you had a brain in your ass,
you'd be dangerous, okay, pal? Or maybe you once did, but it probably fell out.
God.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Happy Thursday.
Back to you.
So I heard that story, maybe physically, I'm sorry, it's this country and this county are going to hell.
Fast review, what's the, is what it was in.
Yes, that's true.
But it's great to hear your voice.
You have on your pole heights by any chance.
I haven't come in and out like high places.
That's a good one. What's the name for that?
I don't know what I shouldn't put you on the spot.
I don't know what they call that, focus on phobia.
I don't know, but I don't like being high of me.
I mean a lot of people are scared of flying because of that too, but...
Acrophobia.
Acrophobia.
I mean, I like to be high, but not high up.
Okay, we'll put heights on air.
In fact, Boca Brown was once as a child afraid of horse height.
Only he would understand that because he's an owl.
Well, no, but I'm a dumb blonde.
What do you expect?
There you go.
Okay.
And by the way, Neil, I feel like you guys had to get through to you.
You had said Larry's ice cream and plantation closed down.
Oh, a long time ago.
Well, next, yeah, but next time you're around, if you come back to this county ever again,
they're in the coral springs now.
They've been there for years.
No, but that's not the same thing.
See, Larry's is like a franchise.
Oh, really?
This place is great as well.
There was no one in plantation, but unfortunately,
the guy had a product that was too good, I guess.
And he took his whole life savings.
He drove down here from New York with his family.
He took his life savings.
He always wanted for whatever reason.
I mean, you know, it's a little strange.
But he wanted to open an ice cream shop.
He had a great product.
I plugged him a lot on a year and he went...
And it's an area with like a lot of traffic in there.
But, you know, I mean, a lot of people...
Yeah, I think about here.
But the two are the ones that make it.
They're in their ass.
They'd rather go to Carvell.
They don't know anything about it.
Exactly.
Well, listen, we'd like Carvell a lot though,
especially Tom, if he would ever come back.
Have a great day.
Definitely the Droughts, everybody.
See you.
Say goodbye.
Obsidian says that if you heard about the radio station
in Crawford, Texas, WFOX,
or Clear Channel Station in Crawford, Texas,
is planning an anti-Sunday-Schean rally on Saturday.
Well, let me tell you right now, okay, hubman dreared.
They're planning on having free food and drinks
and having...
And have soldiers from Ford Hood to come down
and support their actions and confront Michigan.
Oh, maybe they can, like, if she has any pod on her,
they can shoot her ass too, okay?
Sure, I can.
They can bitch.
They killed herself.
That's how I Joyce the Joyce and Joyce is
in their mother-joicing rally.
Have you like saying that something?
Yeah.
All right, she's got more balls than the administration.
I'll tell you that.
She's got the big pair.
Let's see.
An Air Force Reserve Colonel Mayface criminal charges
in the vandalism case.
This one also can in Naples, Fax, this one.
The officer, Alexis Fecto.
Uh-uh.
Is accused of defacing cars at the Denver International Airport.
He allegedly blacked out pro-boiled bumper stickers on 10 vehicles
and spray-painted an expletive
and the president's name on the vehicle.
You go, Alexis.
Oh!
All right.
Now what kind of an name is that for a guy?
He is director of operations for Reserve Forces
at the National Security Space Institute
in Colorado Springs.
Police set up a bait vehicle.
Oh, right.
We gotcha!
Gotcha!
Police set up a bait vehicle equipped with a camera
that captured an image of the suspect in his car.
Police have referred the case to prosecutors
of considering filing criminal charges.
Or maybe they'll just shoot the guy.
You know?
Has some nerve defacing president Bush
on a bumper sticker?
I'm putting anti-bush your expletive crap.
Putting the truth on there.
I'm telling you, you may laugh.
You may think it's real humorous.
No, you're not.
But one year ago, February, about a year and a half ago,
all the things.
We're not talking ancient history.
All the things that we could say,
all the bits that we could play,
all the sounds that we could make, all the stuff.
And now, but I hope that we're fighting terrorism
because we're censoring you.
You can't say anything.
And that's where I read twice the other day
about Penny Mancine or Pants of the FCC.
That's not scary.
It's terrifying.
If you think that satellite radio is going to be
any different, you're dreaming.
Maybe for a while it will be.
Maybe until after Stern's first show.
And then, find out Bing.
Oh, we're going to censor you.
Oh, we're going to find you $80 million.
We're going to throw you ration jail.
We're going to knock you door down
and pour it in the morning.
Throw your crap away.
Okay, if you don't cut it out.
Why?
Well, we just say so.
That's why.
Don't ask questions.
And the thing was cable.
Now, if they start and they start
censoring what's on cable,
that's the end, man.
You guys lost it all.
And the public is,
the little little little little little
what's happening when that run away bride.
What about that chicken of Rubo?
What about that the fugitive couple?
What they got that by the way,
yet?
And just a little more American couple.
Here's line nine, W2AM.
Hello.
That's a porn star.
W2AM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You probably are touched based on this.
I'm sure you have about the new television
and the new radio broadcasts of Miami Dolphins.
I mean, you talk about a coma.
Coma and Jason, that's the word.
That's exactly the word that everybody's saying.
Coma inducing agent.
This is entirely Jimmy Sepuro.
And I understand this was his first gig.
But when you hire someone at a professional level,
when you think you need some type of experience,
now you're like Jimmy Sepuro's the radio guy.
Go ahead in the next one.
Not more on the sideline.
Who do you have?
Do you put a plate on the board?
I'll ask.
And Ron, kind of doing the preking show.
Yes, the jack up is completely taken over the Dolphins
organization.
Correct.
And it's not the solution.
You couldn't pay me by the play to listen to that.
And you know something?
This is yeah.
People all over South Florida are begging to get more back.
Do do do do do do do like him.
Like a man.
Most of them are the reason he just was a horrible
or in the.
You know, being the more right.
But listen to what I'm saying to you is, you know,
every, you know, everything you like,
you have to like have experience for it to get
somewhere in life.
Rob can make professional sports.
And listen, this is a guy who never did one down,
who never broadcast one down a professional football
of his life.
And now he's the voice of the Dolphins.
Who are they kidding, man?
Yeah, but listen, don't you have to have some type of
look at the laughing stock of the league?
Well, there's a team man.
It fits in with the audience of the organization
and calm down.
I think I just have a stroke.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fairy.
You're weak.
You're lame.
And of course, didn't I predict that?
I mean, why do you hire a guy?
It's, he's never done it before.
Oh, well, Dr. Schwartz is here.
He's never actually been in an operating room before.
And they're much less performed in brain surgery.
But he's going to operate on your tumor.
Just relax, have confidence.
All right.
10, 57.
Let me expect it to bush leagues.
Okay, that's what we got.
We got it in Washington.
We got it in Tallahassee.
Bush.
This is the Neil Roger.
This is your point.
Any questions?
Other stations give you money.
Other stations give you cars.
But when times are tough,
this station gives you a cow.
Because this station is going to give you a job in radio.
A job at this station.
A job is our new morning disc jockey.
Morning, fry.
That's right.
We're going to toss our morning guy out.
On his butt.
And he doesn't even know it.
He's not even listening.
We told him to fight his pro.
And he played it like a mora.
So his loss is your game.
Just be listening.
And when you hear this sour,
he'll think of it.
And come Monday morning.
Sure.
On the air.
Winner will assume all current responsibilities
of morning drive personality at a substantially reduced
salary in addition to responsibility of all janitorial,
clerical, and maintenance staff.
But guy who's on is how you are here.
Keep listening.
Go in.
111560 WMDQ.
And you know, when I first lived on
an implementation on that script there,
I'll summarize Boulevard.
Right.
I can't think of the name of that complex.
But anyway, I had like a townhouse there.
And I talked about this on here.
And I had a next door neighbor.
And he was a drug dealer.
You only lived on drug road.
Crack city.
Is that what it was?
I guess.
No.
But anyway, the guy next door to me,
who seemed like a very respected.
Until he started staggering around all of them.
Remember one day seeing him pointing the key,
pointing the key to his front door.
And like aiming and trying to get in it,
it couldn't get the key in the door.
That's because he was a drug.
No, he wasn't drug.
He was stoned.
On what?
Something.
Okay.
Whatever was.
No, he wasn't drug.
He wasn't a drinker.
He was a drugie.
But at any rate, nobody ever came
and he was going to scrap away.
Wow.
See what I'm saying?
Just a matter of.
Nobody came knocking his door down
three o'clock in the morning and blew his crap away.
And speaking of drug houses,
right where I live in the acres out there,
within, I don't want to like,
I'm not going to give a specific area.
But within a few blocks,
there's a notorious drug house.
And it's all he's doing there.
And of course the people that live there come and go
and they're like cars parked three, four in the morning.
I don't see anybody going in there.
Yeah, and going anybody away.
And everybody knows what's going on there.
You can drive by that area sometime four, five in the morning
and see some guy like passed out in the car
on the side street.
But, but you know,
this is America just because people are addicted to drugs.
How about if people are addicted to hogging
those bananas on ice cream?
That's right.
Put them out of their misery.
Go to a crap away.
They're not going to grow it out of fear
clock in the morning.
Go in the refrigerator and take away
the five pipes of ice cream.
Kill thousands.
Yeah, that's right.
Left wing spin doctors.
One that that had to be one of the classics of all time.
That had to be one of the all time greats.
And Josh is right.
That's one of the cops.
I hope you're really proud of yourself.
Okay?
Left wing, right wing.
You know something to make it
if it's what when you're talking about.
You still got a dead guy.
23 year old dead guy.
Because he had skills in his apartment.
He was a deer.
He had two ounces of pot.
Let's take him out.
Hope you feel real macho.
Okay?
And I have one thing to say to you.
You're fair.
Right.
Coward.
Spine was coward with a gun.
See, that's one thing about America.
That's one of the reasons that they have this love
of her.
This obsession with guns because it makes men's macho.
It gives them that like his spanic fear.
You know,
I'm a macho guy.
I'm a guy.
Of course we know about most of your people.
You're fair.
But never mind.
So you sound a mirror and speaking of
upstanding American families, man.
I think that what was the American,
what do they call that picture with the American gothic?
Okay.
With the pitchfork guy.
The little guy with a pitchfork and a wife.
You know, it looks like a maquette.
Look like a maquette.
American gothic, I think that was called.
That used to be the poster.
They used to be the poster children for America's all about.
The couple, the fugitive couple.
Poor Captain Columbus, Ohio.
There's a new poster children for what America's become now.
A married couple accused in a daring and deadly court house shootout in Tennessee
are scheduled to appear in Ohio courtroom today after
surrounding the police at a motel.
And of course we've seen this.
They were tipped off by taxi driver.
There he is.
And they were doing some things up in Columbus with a conference.
And, um,
you know, I honestly can say I didn't really believe that.
But I've been paid for the trip.
When I, uh, you know, they gave me no calls for a suspicion other than, you know,
the amway thing didn't really stick.
But there were no outward signs of anybody or any one of them.
You know, either one of them do anything that made me feel nervous beyond a normal cab trip.
I didn't realize to later who the passengers were.
That then.
But when when the trip was completely done and they were getting out to go to their hotel room,
she was favoring one side.
And I asked you know, oh, what happened?
She said, thank you around in a car wreck a little bit.
That was, I mean, that without hesitate.
And so I mean, she pretty much had thought about what she'd say.
So what part is really overwhelming because I honestly, I, you know,
I was just being a cab driver at the time.
How can this guy be a cab driver?
It doesn't look like he's from India or Pakistan.
Anyway, that's in Columbus.
Cute.
What do you mean, cute?
What's funny?
Because it's true.
Oh, I see.
I mean, I don't know.
It seems to me and like in Dave County, there's a lot of Haitian cab drivers.
But here the cab drivers are, I would say 95%
from the Middle East or India or Pakistan.
All of these.
All of these things.
That was there's anything wrong with that.
We had a lot of fine cab drivers and then somewhere like in coherent.
Police said Jennifer Forsyth, Hyatt 31 in George Hyatt 34,
gave up without a fight yesterday last night.
After a regional man hunt for the suspected killer of a prison guard on two day in Kingston, Tennessee.
Police arrived at the motel after receiving a tip that the couple had arrived there by taxi
from this fat chubby cab driver we just heard from now.
From suburban Cincinnati about 100 miles away.
Maybe they're going to go visit the rimmers in Columbus, you think?
Congratulations on the start of hockey season.
We then made a phone call into the room when we told George and Jennifer we actually spoke with
Jennifer that we knew they were in there, said US Marshall John Bowlin.
We called the couple's motel room.
We knew there was a possibility they could be armed.
We didn't want to harm them so we asked them to come out.
The couple gave up without any notice.
They didn't knock the door down.
They didn't blow them away.
How do you like that?
These are, I mean, low life would be a compliment to these people but nevertheless,
they didn't go charging in there.
They blow their crap away.
How do you like that?
The couple gave up without a struggle and police found weapons at the motel said
Mark Winn directed the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.
Bowlin said Jennifer Hyatt was pretty seriously injured from a gunshot wound.
And a motel guest told the associate to press.
Hyatt was limping as she left the room with her hands up.
George Hyatt then came out of the room with a shirt pulled over his head.
He walked back toward the stairwell.
God on his knees and was handcuffed.
They really didn't show any emotion at all the motel guests robbing pen told AP.
Deputy U.S. Marshall Nikki Ralston told AP that Jennifer Hyatt was taken to
Grant Medical Center where she was treated for a bullet wound or leg.
Both will face first degree murder charge is in the death of prison guard who was
transporting George Hyatt from a court of parents in Kingston on Tuesday.
How do you like that?
So they got him.
Of him six mean whoever he was as a boy of you know 17 and a half he's not now.
Chiefs are there you know it is the same thing to do about love behind bars and the people are like
he's crazy as women who will pull up who are who propose marriage to yell birds or her like
Amanda's I forget which one it is with a bad hair piece.
Let's say Lionel.
Okay or what's the other Eric Eric right?
Okay here you go now let's see how that pole is coming because we got third place 26 people
are most afraid more than anything else of black folks you got to get over it man you got to
get over that racial thing just because you go to the ATM a lot of clock and then there's
some big black guy named Ben's then over your shoulder with a real menacing look on his face
that's not reason to be a scared isn't well.
What are you most afraid of 343 votes on the pool?
We got a shout out 500 day jog.
What do you think?
Let's push it.
Let's give it the big push.
Who used to say that was that the what a jerk he is and everybody like kisses his ass
the coach what what a smelly burger.
He says how was smelly burger he's a real jerk.
Push it push it.
Yeah push this.
What are you most afraid of?
Religious fanatic 99 towards W.
Bush 95 speaking of religious fanatic a little cross over there all over you know
something I don't believe it.
I mean he's stupid that I don't buy that part of it that's just a cover up.
Yeah black folks 26 that's bad.
Snake 22 Republicans 21 pit bulls 11 I'm fearless 10 we got 10 fearless people out there
who fear nothing.
Lightning and thunder 10 crazy people 9 rats 9 the police 8 that's moving up
especially police that come knocking your door down three in the morning and want to blow you away
because you've got scale I got a scale how do you like that.
Uh oh I got a scale in fact I've even got a scale here in my bathroom how do you like that
gonna come and take me away because I got a scale well I got sandwich bags how do you like that.
Oh no I got glad bags too I even got Reynolds aluminum wrap oh I'm wrapping it.
The police 8 hurricane 6 water 4 flying 4 spiders 3 Greg Reed 3 somebody I know voted three times
and I can't blame him heights to gas prices to bats one and process service so far out of 347
votes has got the big oh don't forget we got the guilty today or don't criticize it too we don't
cross over with guilty when when how do we cross over with guilty next to Tuesday what do we
got Tuesday I got next week's schedule yeah uh oh Moe is back next week the moment so I guess
I'm not gonna have a chance to cross over and congratulate guilty on the panther season starting
in the great acquisitions they made Roberts Newandahe Gelena and somebody else I forget at the
moment more black people moved into Broward County in 2004 than any other county in the country
while Palm Beach County was the fifth most proper destination for blacks were relocating how do you
like that well and of course one thing this issue pacifies some people that are all upset about your
people who refuse to speak English one thing at least about black people is these can least well
I'm getting carried away now well kind of the number of what was that did you hear that Josh?
Michael is that what that was it sounded a little bit like a hotel room in hell?
just a little bit actually what I got to do is redo that because I like the part in the middle
where they go like they pick it up a notch or two little more enthusiasm up yeah yeah yeah yeah
when they do that the number of blacks moving to South Florida between July 2003 and July 2004
helped to make Florida state with the highest number of new black rivals according to
country since July 2003 almost 18,000 African-Americans and blacks of Caribbean descent have made I
wonder I wonder what those broadcasters in San Francisco would say about that about them Caribbean's
have made their homes in Broward County the country's leading county for black population growth since
2000 the arrival of the of new people of color is the result of good weather in a warm climate
access to the beaches access to the beaches black people go to the beach yeah out of here black people
go to the beaches scared of death of the water and the of what they thought true they splash
right in the shallows and the availability of service industry jobs as well as professional
careers many Caribbean and Hispanic people also come to a closer to home in the New York the Midwest
and other areas of the country the successive blacks in San Florida tracks other blacks to the
area said Naomi Parker a sociologist who lives in Wilton Manners or Wilton Manners you fairy I came
here because of the visibility successful blacks and that's what brings other blacks here she said
economic opportunity the chance to win a business and the family feel also draws blacks the family
feel or feel a family Calvary Headley relocated this tropical ice game business to Lauderdale
Lakes from Maryland last year he was drawn by the weather proximity to Jamaica man and the areas
established Caribbean community and is driving a fine automobile he says it's a good machine man
in the restaurants here I can get anything and a taste like home he said that wasn't the case in
Maryland there were Jamaican restaurants but they didn't seem to be able to get the right
ingredients they just didn't know their jerk you know what I mean what do you mean jerk I don't
I don't have that for fridge to attend or thing oh don't get my brat worst by the way oh my god
those brat worse wow the census projections also show the number of whites has declined 5% since
2000 and Broward the Hispanic population meanwhile is outpaced the growth of blacks by about 20,000
in the same period Hispanic growth in Broward and Palm Beach counties has reached 34% since 2000
that's in the number of Asian Americans in Broward is growing even faster rate than blacks but
their numbers remain small compared with other groups among those driving the increase in Broward
our East Asian Indians I see I tell you what I'm not going to want to get seriously I mean you know
if you want to have a group of people living around you Chinese people nothing wrong with Chinese
folks nothing like and they like to gamble a lot I'll tell you that boy they like to plunge their
gutshot I don't know where that comes from man they just like to plunge their brains out the Chinese
especially the little tiny tiny ones 14 after 11 at 5 16 W in fact every now and then I would
want to discover I stepped on a couple of them hey if somebody took your hair out or if it fell
down the sink or down the drain around the floor where would hello wind Charles Alphair would like
help you get your hair back meat
getting high on the back of the box just in the moment getting sore on a greyhound bus too
but
I'm not so big about Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're still.
Love it, Swansea. I'm your left wing spin doctor and the happy Thursday to you.
I love the little Vatican.
Speaking of the Vatican, got some real nasty stories on these religions.
Okay, these hypocrites, these finger-point is they remind me of Rush Limbaugh.
You know what? Finger-point in hypocrites. Don't do as I do do as I say.
The art stasis of New York is looking into explosive allegations, reports to the New York Daily News,
that the top priest who publicly reeled against our sex-saturated society had a long term affair with his merry church secretary.
Oh my God.
How do you like that? And it's always the way it is.
It's always the ones screaming and yelling about all these perverts and then you can find out that their closet is so full-manly,
you just open it up, it's like Fibramaghi, man. All the skeletons come rattling out.
And maybe an occasional corn snake.
Man, senior Eugene Clark allegedly romanced 46-year-old Laura D. Filippo at his Hampton's home at Long Island Motel,
according to police and court records.
Question yesterday by a Daily News reporter at a Montauk restaurant where Clark and D. Filippo have been seen gnashing.
The 79-year-old director was saying, oh, and by the way, what kind of word is Chachki to be used?
What show was that on? Was that unguiding like the used-the-word Chachki? I couldn't believe it.
Don't you understand that most people are going out there?
There's one thing I cannot stand is people that use the English words like Cox a hoist.
Question yesterday by a Daily News reporter at a Montauk restaurant where Clark and D. Filippo have been seen gnashing.
The 79-year-old director of St. Patrick's Cathedral, the night that he and D. Filippo were lovers, not true Clark said outside the surfside in.
The accusations against Clark were brought by D. Filippo's husband and Philip who had an investigator tell the duo to a Hampton's motel,
video taping them last month arriving together, then checking out several hours later.
They were just probably trained at the Lord as an oh god, that's good.
And in science statements to Eastchester Police in Westchester County, Philip D. Filippo and his 14-year-old daughter and his wife's sister,
all describe how the teen allegedly found her mother sitting on Clark's lap wearing a satin teddy.
Well, that's how you pray to God.
Isn't it? In a satin teddy?
The girl told police she ran to her room where her mother yelled at me convincing me that I did not see what I saw and it wasn't what I thought.
She told me that he had prostate cancer.
Oh, maybe she was just massaging his prostate.
And I couldn't tell anyone what I saw or I'd be in trouble.
Oh my god.
Welcome.
Clark has retained high-powered defense attorney Laura Brovedi who will call the allegations contrived and if there's nothing to them.
One senior Clark is deeply upset and said that innocent events have been distorted and sensationalized causing harm and public embarrassment to Mrs.
D. Filippo and her children. She said in a statement.
The Archdiocese was unaware of the allegations until the Daily News called Monday's Seat and Comet.
Joseph's willing a spokesman for the Archdiocese said, we only learned about this last night we've been speaking to one senior Clark today to get to the bottom.
Breckham of this.
Oh, that's not a play on words, is it?
Laura D. Filippo's lawyer, Michael Berger called the allegations baseless.
Seder Husband was making a desperate attempt to coerce her to accept her husband's outrageous demands in their matrimonial action.
The developments came as Westershire County Family Court judge Kathy Davidson granted Philip D. Filippo's request for an order of protection against his wife.
An statement to police, Philip D. Filippo said that when he told his wife that he had a videotape of her to Mochelle with Clark, she threatened to stab me with a scissor or a knife.
Davidson said, if it was, she probably got the hell her good morals from probably rubbed off from their father.
Davidson said, if Philip will be barred from her Eastchester home until August 22, by which time a guardian will have a chance to question the couple's two children.
Clark hired D. Filippo, straight out of high school and presented over marriage to Philip in Yonkers 20 years ago.
She now runs between 70 and 100 grand from the arse dices who has been said.
It's the perfect cover D. Filippo's husband told the Daily News.
Philip D. Filippo, a frown for the worthless week, citing adultery as one of the grounds for his actions, said,
Clark was a close family friend and frequently invited him to spend summer weekends at his aunt against headlong island home.
He was a charming, depper, blue-eyed, swab-quick-witted, fast-talking, charmer, he said.
Philip D. Filippo became suspicious when his wife, again, working late into the night at the Madison Avenue rectory and bought the joining of family vacation at Disney World.
He said, Clark took her to Lisbon and today exclusive care of being island of St. Barthes.
When he eventually confronted his wife, she replied, what are you worried about? He's at priest and elderly priest.
That sounds like a good reason to be worried.
That's another one for our poll, the family priest.
Okay. Good luck.
Do you want to nap me on there?
You have a question.
Family priest.
Last month, Philip D. Filippo said he had a private aisle tail, Clark and his wife to the White Sands Motel and am against it.
The investigator videotaped him on senior going to the Orifice.
The daily news viewed the videotape after two hour brunch on the porch of nearby surfside in, Clark dressed in a white pole,
a sure-wocene, weeding a small black suitcase into the White Sands Motel.
His secretary addressed in short white shorts and imagining topwits for getting straps, followed him inside with an orange tote bag over his shoulder.
When they emerged about five hours later, the video showed Clark and D. Filippo wearing different outfits.
How do you like that?
You know, it's hot, you get all sweated up.
Right?
Sure.
Ajax pastor, Charles Wood Childleuring, Toronto, the pastor of an Ajax Ontario church faces two sex-related charges after a 12-year-old girl was invited to a sexual rendezvous via an online chat room.
Toronto police and under undercover online investigator was monitoring a Yahoo chat room called Teen O Canada Chat in April and portrayed himself as a 12-year-old girl.
The officer was approached in the chat room by someone with an online handle, Yearing near Toronto.
During chat room conversation, the suspect spoke of a desire to meet the girl in person for a sexual encounter, again keeping in mind thinking that she's 12 years old.
A meeting was arranged at a public place in Toronto, placed the rest of the man when he arrived. Kenneth Wayne Simes, 36 of Woodpe on terror,
where the lead pastor Ajax Alliance Church is charged with delivering a shout-out under 14 and inviting to sexual and invitation to sexual touching.
Simes used to live in chat room on terror in Regina where he was affiliated also with the Alliance Church.
He liked Regina.
Don't say it.
Police searched the residents and the Ajax Alliance Church seasoned computers and documents from both locations.
And I realize I'm getting a little long at time.
The Vatican in a bloated Catholic arts diocese of Boston has concluded that arts diocesan officials aired and claiming the financial assets of closing parrises and must now ask passage of voluntarily turnover millions of dollars in bank accounts and real estate holdings that the arts diocese had planned to take.
The arts diocese said yesterday it's working with the Vatican and would local priests and finance council members to limit the repercussions and of the development and said the Vatican is otherwise supportive of the process of closing pursuit by the arts diocese.
And the individual closing decision made by archbishop Sean P. O'Malley.
But the archbishop acknowledged that the decision is unwelcome, posted a complication in O'Malley's effort to restore the troubled arts diocese financial health after having to pay out millions and millions and millions of dollars on all of lawsuits.
I can't imagine why though.
Can you?
No.
Why?
All of them isolated incidents.
That's just some kind of a plot.
It's probably just some left-wing spin-myster.
It's a real.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQAM, the left-wing spin-myster is in.
Bum-mum!
They're fine.
Why, how sad?
The fight gathered in this building line.
Passes at the between each other's knees.
Whistling super-tunes, they know how to pull.
Why, how sad?
They're not good at peace and pluralizing.
They won't let all of them die.
When there's an artist for the name that keeps their day up better when you're here.
For a cow, they pay for the homes of the Christian rites.
They know what best holds you as you, what Jesus would do.
And it's man in the mess of the world.
K-life guy, under the high limit between their sides.
His professional hater and the fairer destroyer
That purgee called God brought to the spanked from the till they go.
With the right bank low.
He's so true, they're doing everything they want to do.
But the world is dying.
While God's lies.
They get the holy tale in all those lies.
They'll forever be now high.
Just like how it's dying.
The electric incursion is that it's waiting days, man.
It's waiting over here.
43 American troops killed this mug.
It's only the 11th of August, 43 American soldiers.
And of course, those are the ones that are killed in Iraq.
The ones that are not putting in the count.
To be more seriously injured and sent off the Germany and die in a hospital there.
But nevertheless, I thought your government would ever lie to you.
Not that things aren't really hunky during there.
Even your close friend Jessica Simpson was all bent out of shape
about the fact that they were lying through the teeth.
Even a bubble head like her, somebody that made her career by being a dumb blonde,
I mean her total bubble head, even she can see through it.
But not the American media, man.
That will flitzkrieg if he and the anti-Christ, I have no idea who is.
A vast expanse, not that they would lie to you about the environment,
either by global warming, a vast expanse of western Siberia is undergoing an unprecedented thought
that could dramatically increase the rate of global warming climate
scientists warned today.
Researchers have recently returned from the region found that an area
of permafrost spanning a million square kilometers,
the size of France and Germany combined,
has started to melt for the first time since it formed 11,000 years ago
at the end of the last ice age.
The area which covers the entire sub-Arctic region of western Siberia
is the world's largest frozen peak bog and scientists feared that as it
thaws it will release billions of tons of methane,
a greenhouse gas 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide, and the atmosphere.
It's a scenario climate scientists have feared since first identifying tipping points.
Delicate thresholds where a slight rise in the earth temperature can cause a dramatic change
in the environment that itself triggers a far greater increase in global temperatures.
The discovery was made by Sir G. Kropoten at Tomsk City University in western Siberia
and Judith Markwanda at Oxford University as a reported new scientist today.
The researchers found that war was until recently a very inexpensive frozen peak
is turning into a broken landscape of mud and lakes,
somewhere in a kilometer across.
Dr. Kropoten told the magazine the situation was an ecological landslide
that is probably irreversible and undoubtedly connected to climactic warming.
Oh, there's no such thing as climatic warming.
Liberal lies.
Yeah, and more liberal spin, Dr. Krop.
The end of that thaw probably begun in the past few four years.
Climate scientists, yesterday reacted with alarm.
They were all saying, oh my god.
To defy the more that predictions of future global temperatures
would have to be revised upwards.
When you start messing especially for a place like Florida that within like what?
Five minutes it's going to be totally underwater.
I don't want to get into the universe.
No, no, no, no, all about it.
They warned predictions of future global temperatures that have to be revised upwards.
When you start messing around with these natural systems,
you end up in a situation where it's unstoppable.
Unstoppable.
There are no breaks you can apply to David Viner,
senior scientist at the climatic research University of East Anglia,
where ever it is.
This is a big deal because you can't put the permit for us back once it's gone.
The causal effect is human activity.
It'll ramp up temperatures even more than our emissions are doing.
How do you like to add those evil human emissions?
No comment.
No, no.
When in doubt, leave it out.
Throw it out.
I was going to say toss it out but then the brits might be listening.
404 votes.
Which are you most afraid of?
Religious Finanity Swenton 18,
George W. Bush went on with three.
Black folks 29.
Don't come near me at that ATM, man.
Snakes 24, Republicans 23, lightning and thunder 13,
Pitbulls 13, the police 12.
12 so far and moving up fast.
I guarantee you we'd have had that on there from the get co-run in the beginning of the 11th.
12.
Rats 12.
I'm fearless, say 11 of you.
Do we believe in no?
Crazy people 9.
Gas prices 7.
Hurricane 7.
Flying 5.
Spiders 4.
Water 4.
Greg Reed 4.
Heights 3.
Processerva 3.
Bats 1.
The family priest is 1.
I don't have any yet but it will.
One just, there was one that just crossed my mouth and I forgot it.
It's just escaped.
You know, like one of those things that was in one ear, not the other.
It's very important.
It's something.
Not.
Somebody QAM, hello.
A. New, how's it going?
Okay.
We'll let's say about the NAB that they have said that magic is one of the top five OV stations in the country.
Yeah, right.
I am not kidding.
NAB.org.
They are nominated as one of the top five OV stations.
NAB is a bunch of voices.
Okay.
There are a bunch of spineless cowards.
Every time the FCC says fart, they're, you know, spread their chiefs.
There are a bunch of cowards in the NAB.
They should rot.
Dennis Collins is garbage.
Yeah.
What we know is that.
And Bob Hamilton feeds him the garbage.
With a spoon.
Okay.
There's one of those frustrated.
He's probably the guy from the do-up shop.
You know.
They got blown out.
No, we got some fresh wind.
It's made for you guys.
Probably guys that used to be forced to watch a Ricky Tiggie's camp.
How you doing, Rick Shaw?
Oh, it's big in the Rick Shaw.
I never even got around to playing any of these.
I was going to be something up with you ABC.
Oh, me.
Back in the day, when we had Jingos, when we had personalities, when we had some, a little something,
before you were just in jukebox, this story from Orlando should give you a real good idea.
What's going on in America today?
Bomb experts.
Did you see this?
I've told you about it before the show.
You had not seen it.
No.
That's why you weren't such a good mood.
How's your back, by the way?
Oh, better.
What happened?
What did I say?
I didn't.
I canceled it because I was feeling a little bit better.
Yeah, I got it.
Oh, you know, something.
That's another one that needs to be.
That's the one I forgot.
Yeah, you adopted.
Doctors.
Spin or otherwise.
I got, yeah.
Oh, yes.
First I left one in spin doctors.
Hey, I got news for you, Pali.
Spin this.
Doctors at also hospitals, shot of you on there.
Don't go into hospital unless it's, unless they drag you in on a gurney.
I mean, do not go into hospital.
They are mostly butchers.
They will, they'll just destroy your health.
And most hospitals, of course, who is loaded with every kind of, when germs that haven't even been discovered yet,
one of the great breeding grounds for disease and germs is the bacteria hospital.
Don't go in there.
Bomb experts were called to a Lynx public bus in Orlando yesterday after a suspicious package
and rest of the most sound of the loud and was discovered by a wider corner police.
The package was found on Lynx bus 909 near the intersection of Huey and immediate,
the central Plex parking garage.
The bus usually grapples around downtown Orlando.
The reason I'm giving the, uh, all that information, maybe Eric knows where that is.
Maybe Eric was the one that sent the package, huh?
He's got a real sense of humor.
When the bus came to its last stop at the central Plex parking garage,
a passenger on the bus brought the package to the driver.
When the driver saw that Osama bin Laden was written on the package, he called 9-11,
Channel 6 in Orlando reported.
Firefighters and police aggressively moved into the area and checked the package.
Several streets in the downtown area were closed.
The package was packed with flyers, but police didn't say what the flyers said.
I wonder if Bobby Clark was in there and Eric Lindross.
You think?
I thought I'd tell you what to do.
Maybe Dave Schultz.
We had approximately 25, and maybe Tom Bladen, whatever his name was.
We had approximately 20 firefighters out here on five different units.
I don't know how many police officers blocking off the area or Orlando fire spokesman Rudy Johnson said.
It disrupts business and obviously the school district.
Speaking of hockey, it's almost time for a hockey season, baby.
Let's get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
What do you say?
We got anything on here?
Very clean, lizard.
Oh, very commercial, in case you'd notice.
And we love very clean.
Don't eat there, but what we like them.
Orlando officials said they've had several incidents like this where suspicious packages have been left in places
with the intention of causing alarm.
Oh my God.
Because of handwriting on the package's other details, they believe the same person is responsible.
Channel 6 News reporter Lewis Bolton said.
Video tape from inside the links.
Bust have been turned over to Orlando police.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
The parking is in place.
What are you doing?
Osama, your mom is saying we want to get somebody really freaked out.
Just write Osama on a big package.
Or maybe on your package, whatever.
19 to one until one.
Man, this show is flying by today.
We got Curtis for a mo.
What has been a long making?
We're enjoying it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
Tor, tor, tor, tor.
Happy Down in Jamaica in the catapult bean.
Take out the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table.
They tell you this, they can't you where they can't you be.
Oh, right.
Rasta Man has some he want to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up this cliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The country of you good.
You'll be carrying lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until you're long so like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American, poor as summer here and safe.
Got nothing like this in the US.
They say they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and smoke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Oh my god.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The country of you good.
Rasta Man has a son you are and a starman.
You like this folk, the giant sip whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
A bite, a burp, a few bite the ounce and a pound.
Rasta Man say to her, how are you right?
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The country of you good.
Oh my god.
Let me 47, 13 to 11 and 5, 60 to 20.
Here's the story about that woman.
Marlon's fan about hit by an event.
What you saying that your buddy there,
they've been boring wasn't even, he was oblivious.
Like I said, we have the TV feed on also.
Right.
We didn't see anything, we didn't hear anything.
And Rich Wallace was oblivious?
I mean, I can't hear him calling the game.
But aren't you lucky?
No wonder you're in a good mood.
Anyway, getting back to this.
I mean, you don't have to answer for the situation here.
I mean, if they was nodding off a little bit.
Though the Florida Marlon's had an indisputably good night on Tuesday,
Marlon fan Karen Wellmeyer did not.
In the top of the fifth inning Arizona Diamondback,
Sean Greene's bat.
Hey Sean.
Hey.
Through the stands and smack Wellmeyer in the sides,
he was sent to Jackson Memorial with a ruptured spleen,
a husband, John said yesterday.
The Wellmeyers who live in Bokeh had prime tickets from a friend
behind a first-based dugout.
Some friend.
I saw the bat crack and saw it was coming toward us, John Wellmeyer.
Said when I looked toward my wife, I saw it going toward her.
I was frozen.
It was incredible how fast it worked out to her.
She had unsuccessfully tried to get out of the way.
A nurse behind him helped Wellmeyer 37 as his stadium usheres.
Paramedics arrived and took him to the hospital.
She had internal bleeding and felt in and out of consciousness.
When she did actually was listed in a serious but stable condition.
They had trauma intensive care unit.
Marlon's management was unavailable for combat yesterday,
despite attempts by phone.
The Sun Sentinel says,
I don't think you want to go to games in the future,
said John Wellmeyer 38 as well.
What can I tell you?
You know, wrong place, wrong time.
Right?
Right.
And how do you think those friends feel like giving the tickets?
Are they bad?
I don't know.
Offmade armor, media monitors, network rights,
claiming Cindy Sheen.
I think Cindy Sheen, we ought to build a monument to her.
Mm-hmm.
He writes a few weeks ago,
David from the Neocon author of the Access of Evil doctrine,
had the audacity to call Cindy Sheen, an anti-war crazy.
The Neocons are good at that sort of thing.
When they come up against compelling arguments for which they have no can retort,
they never hesitate to go for the jugular.
As Ambassador Joseph Wilson or Hans Blitz can attest,
they have a nasty habit of viciously claiming dissenters
to teach them the proper etiquette for addressing important questions to our White House governors.
Within 48 hours after Cindy marched on Bush's nexus rants,
the long knives were being sharpened.
Instead of answering her questions, the road squads made the decision
to give her the valerate plane treatment,
claiming as a two-step process.
First, you then agree to your pending surf in the public square,
you then call in the mass media muscle guys to jump to remain some place
where the victim can safely be ignored.
In keeping with the game plan,
CNN and Fox are back filming the endless soap opera in Aruba
and monitoring shark attacks in tsunamis.
And what if they're monitoring a tsunami and harmony?
If only they could spare that kind of coverage for Cindy Sheen,
George Bush would be permanently retired and Crawford,
and the Neoconbergades would be sharing bunks in a federal penitentiary.
Not one to be easily deterred,
Cindy Sheen is managed to lay siege to Bush's hideout.
Instead of flame thrower,
she launched her campaign arm with nothing more than a few uncomplicated questions.
If Bush wants to break the siege,
he only needs stir a little time to explain why her son had to die in Stodder City
at the age of 24.
Like many others who served in Iraq,
Casey Sheen went into battle,
believing he was on a mission to disarm Iraq official lethal WMVs.
Sodom was also said to be plotting with bin Laden to set off mushroom clouds
over New York and Washington.
Many of Casey's comrades and often his carried in their pockets pictures
of the World Trade Center in flames as they laid ways to Iraq,
they killed and died and wretched anger in the belief that Iraq was in somewhere connected to 9-11.
Cindy Sheen is asking life and death questions that we all need answers to.
She obviously isn't falling for the intelligence failure scam.
She wants to know why the administration felt the need to conduct elaborate and costly misinformation campaigns to market this conflict.
If it wasn't about WMVs, it wasn't about links to Al Qaeda,
why did Bush take us to war?
Forget about writing off this Kragmari to intelligence failures,
and Bashar was then the damage to the memo said blow-knit cover-up scam to shreds.
As for the Marlarki about promoting democracy in the greater Middle East,
can it be that our soldiers are still dying in Iraq to install a Theocratic Republican-their-Renian sphere of influence?
Then we really need to invade Iraq to prod Saudi Arabia to hold mail only elections for half the seats on a few municipal councils?
Before he launched this bloody misadventure in a Gulf,
George Bush seemed certain enough about the cross-and-consequence,
back then he knew a little enough about the Middle East to have a firm opinion.
Unless we forget, Bush confessed to getting his battle plans from God.
Now one mother of one fallen soldier wants to know what really motivated the president and his neo-conpretarian guards to lie about WMVs
and non-existent Iraq he links to Al Qaeda.
Bring on the answers George, give Cindy the minutes with the secret agendas.
Tell her the truth George, it was for oil, pectoral dollars, greater Israel and making Saudi Arabia safe for absolute monarchy.
Tell her a little more George, we knew we had to close the bases in Saudi Arabia and lift the genocidal sanctions.
We realized after 9-11 that my dad made a terrible mistake by building permanent bases on Saudi soil.
Keep going George, the build up to the war also allowed us to build a high tech replacement base in and gutter.
What else do you think you have up your sleeve Mr. President?
Frankly we don't think the war would cost that much in butter treasure.
My neo-connored advisors assured me to be a cakewalk.
We expected our forces to sustain that sustain under 100 fatalities.
Again and again I was assured by Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz that there was no threat of an insurgency.
What we are thinking George, honestly I believe, off my chalibi would be president by now and our tanks would be deployed in downtown Damascus and Tehran.
So did Casey she and Diane Vain Mr. President?
Casey was a foot soldier in the imperial army of the United States of America.
Empire especially in that region the world is vital to the economic health of the nation.
As you can imagine we find it hard to motivate our young men to go to distant lands to defend the currency of their country by securing our control over the oil plantations so we came up with the WMD hoax.
The truth is Americans can't handle the truth. We don't maintain a military presence in that region for charitable reasons.
Wolf can't spare the time to discuss the war with Cindy because they both know the questions and they both know the answers.
He doesn't want to talk about it and city wants the whole country in on the conversation.
The loss of a child is traumatic enough for any mother but Cindy she and has to deal with the additional burden of knowing that her son might still be alive if Bush had made different policy decisions.
Driven by the weight of that burden she's now on a mission to prevent the Pentagon from wasting another mother's child in the deserts of Mesopotamia.
To the everlasting gratitude of tens of thousands of Iraqi mothers Cindy also insists on holding the president responsible for the many innocent Iraqis who perished as a result of his decision to invade an occupied country that posed no threat to American national security.
Casey Sheen did not die in vain his mother is making sure that in his name many other American and Iraqi lives may yet be saved.
In his name Cindy has given millions of Americans to demand answers for questions at the Unix in Congress and the mainstream media never asked.
This is one courageous woman sending a message to the policymakers of the Pentagon in the White House. Before they send more young Americans to kill and die in distant lands the big boys in Washington will have to come up with some legitimate and compelling answers for the Cindy Sheen's of the world.
There's precious little we can do to bring Casey Sheen back but we can't lend the hand to his mother. Cindy shouldn't be out there alone braving the scorching heat of a Texas summer while Bush luxurious and the regal splendor of his ranch.
We can all assist in the interquest for straight answers about this illegal and unnecessary war while Cindy is having a go at the president you can call our congressmen and senators and spoil their summer vacations by asking a few uncomplicated questions of your own.
Let them feel some bagged that heat until they demonstrate their support for the troops and start bringing them home.
Any connection with that? Yeah. Alex Rothen, the San Diego Union tribute rights, the idea of making a spontaneous trip to President Bush's vacation ranch was born when Julie Decker read a newspaper article a couple days ago and immediately called her good for Antifini Strauss.
The story was about an earth California woman who's had been killed in Iraq and who subsequently decided to camp out in front of Bush's Texas ranch until she got a face-to-face meeting with him.
Tuesday morning and day after reading the piece Strauss was in San Marcos and Decker was in Carlsbad where Anna claimed to Crawford Texas to join the woman in her vigil.
They intend to stay they said until Bush was on vacation to ranch for the next five weeks, agrees to meet Cindy Sheen in person.
Neither of the two women know Sheen who was 24-year-old son Casey and Army Specialist was killed in Baghdad April 2004.
Neither had a child much less one who's been killed in Iraq and neither had been active in the anti-war movement.
They hadn't attended any protest or peace rallies or anything like that Strauss says both of us are very busy.
But they do share with Sheen the firm belief that the war is a colossal mistake and when they heard about Sheen's story it was like the straw that broke the camel's backstab, Strauss 29, who works as a consultant in the computer industry.
We just want to do something she said we're so sick of being on the sidelines being busy isn't an excuse anymore. She called the war this generation's Vietnam.
After reading the news article, Decker 40 Healthcare Executive tracked down Sheen with her cell phone number obtained from the AP reporter who wrote the piece, Decker asked what she could do to help.
I need bodies replied Sheen has been camping for several days in a sleeping bag not far from the president's compound.
So Decker and Strauss booked a flight, passed him clothing and told him and in their lives Decker is married and Strauss is engaged that they've begun several weeks.
I support you Strauss as fiance told her I'll take care of the dogs you just go.
The women landed in Texas to the afternoon when Decker and headed to Crawford where they intend to stay in a hotel near where Sheen is camping out.
A half dozen other people already had arrived to camp alongside her.
Not surprisingly there are those who view Sheen's protest as counterproductive and an insult to the men and women serving in the military.
She's not the only one who lost her son or daughter but how many other people do you see camping out in front of the White House said Joseph Bertolino senior who sons Stephen and Army Staff Sergeant was killed in a riot.
Back in 2003 Bertolino a 75 veteran and two wars and retired meet cutter said he supports the Iraqi invasion adding it's hard to lose somebody in a war but my son is the consequences in making the military his career.
Decker and Strauss said they expect to stay the full five weeks while Bush is on vacation.
They both said they expect to suffer financially. Strauss said her fiance recently bought a house in our credit card bills are a chock full right now.
It'll be a crime she said I'm not a first fund baby or anything like that but they took along computers and cell phones so they can get some work done when they're not standing outside Bush's vacation home.
We brought enough clothes for a week and we're going to keep going to the lobby.
How do you like that? Women with balls.
This is Neil Roger. This is five sixty two.
I am from Ilya now.
I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near OK.
I'm on Easter hour.
Take I am.
If anybody has a opinion dissenting from our way.
We'll place your name into the system and send them me out this day.
Don't even have a two-quad.
It's not a good.
Everybody's having time.
That's just you.
In the act of victory in them.
It was in all of you.
Everyone got the situation so much but you knew.
This has been for nation and all you might learn.
In Bush's powerland nation.
That's just you.
You gotta hate those Jews.
And Clinton's liberals too.
They leave everything we tell you.
And they'll stay here on you.
Blood war and poor cornbread.
Feel up your ass today.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
That's just USA.
We don't know you see our jobs.
So a bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by change.
No, no, we're not stupid fools.
All the world is crazy.
The best of our kids win.
Everybody's turning five years.
That's just you and me.
Provo 3 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Tuesday to August 11, 2005.
We got Curtis for Gildi.
For Gildi for Moe.
Like Tinkers ever to chance.
Curtis Stevenson at 2.
Gildi at 4.
Curtis Stevenson is going to be one of the great sportscasters.
A legendary sportscasters of our time.
Just a matter of time.
Him and the Booster.
And of course you left out OG and McW.
You left out the Jews.
And the host.
And moneymark.
Can't complain about their numbers.
Because they don't have any.
Of course those 18 to 34 is those points.
What a joke.
Anyway Richard Cohen in the Washington Post writes.
The real Roberts question mark.
Here's the thing.
They got a real dilemma.
There's a rock and a hard place.
Those right wing spin doctors.
Because they thought this job was going to be the cats meow.
He was going to be just what they need to overturn Roe v Wade.
And take on all those faggots.
And you guess what?
John Vigilporten.
Richard Cohen writes.
John G. Roberts juniors out of the closet.
You fairy.
President Bush's nominee for the Supreme Court on the basis of available evidence.
And all we know about human behavior is not.
And I emphasize not a bigot.
Specifically he seems to harbor no prejudice against gay men and lesbians.
Whereas we all know an anthem of the social conservatives who are anti gay and pro-Bush in about equal measures.
Roberts amazingly and inexplicably seems to be a man of tolerance.
The evidence for this was the revelation by the LA Times last week that Roberts volunteered his time of behaving gay rights.
As a partner in the prestigious Washington Law firm of Hogan and Hartson,
Roberts helped prepare lawyers who were challenging a Colorado law that specifically exempted gays from state anti-discrimination measures.
In other words, a landlord or employer in Colorado could not have discriminated against blacks or Muslims or Asians or Jews or whites or Greens or penguins,
but could discriminate against gays.
This only exception to the law was eventually struck down by the Supreme Court 6-3 in 1996 and Robert played a role.
According to the Times and others, Roberts helped develop the winning legal strategy and prepare Jean Dubasque,
the head lawyer for the gay rights group for the tough questioning that might come her way, especially from fascist justice, Antonin Scalia.
Roberts was just terrifically helpful in meeting with me and spending some time on the issue Dubasque said he seemed to be very firm-minded and very astute.
He may have even endorsed her cause, who knows, after all Roberts was not compelled to volunteer his time,
Hogan and Hartson encourages pro bono work, but it hardly compels its lawyers to take cases that they might find morally or politically repugnant.
Clearly a lawyer who say agreed with the likes of Reverend Pat Robertson or Tom Delay,
Reverend Representative, it's all the same nowadays, would not have taken the case.
What's more, this evidence does suggest that Roberts knew what he was doing.
He may no mention the case in the 83 pages he submitted to the Senate, outlining his finances, pro bono,
working other matters of interest, he knows the political peril of tolerance.
The White House and its allies understandably alarmed that implications of moderation and enlightenment were quickly suggested Roberts was not a summit slander him, a reasonable man.
Dana Perina, a White House spokesman, pointed out that Roberts has spent less than 10 hours working on the gay rights case.
She made it sound like a one-night stand, a youthful indiscretion for which no one else should be held accountable, how we've all been young.
J. Secolow, a leader in the movement to make the high court intellectually indistinguishable from the inquisition,
rushed to explain Roberts to his constituency. This was something the lawyers did.
A lot of people are commenting who don't know about Supreme Court practice, Secolow said there's a high degree of collegiality, in other words it meant nothing.
Still maybe Roberts could prove himself up by beating up some gays.
Sean Rushden, director of the Committee for Justice, a right-wing group characterized the revelation about Roberts inexplicable pro bono workers,
a right-haring meant to divide the right. What he meant by this is not entirely clear unless, of course, evidence surfaces to show that Roberts ingested a mushroom and temporarily lost his mind, then might explain why he awkwardly found himself on the side of human rights.
As for focus on the family, possibly the premier organization, such matters, it portrayed Roberts as a mindless puppet of his law firm.
That's what lawyers do, represent their firm's clients, whether they agree with what those clients stand for or not, said in the statement.
Of course, that's not the case at all. Anyone who didn't want to work on the case for whatever matter, they didn't have to, said,
Walter Smith Jr., the Hogan & Hartson partner who ran the pro bono program.
The spectacle of conservative groups in the White House rushing to assure their constituencies that Roberts is not really intrually a tolerant man, is both repulsive and absurd.
In the end, this tethering of conservatism to the lost cause of homophobia will earn the review of history.
In the meantime, though it puts Roberts on the spot, he might assert that he's been cruelly mischaracterized and for a benefit of career, renounced the work he'd once done.
But more likely, his pro bono works speaks for itself, unless he says otherwise on gay rights, he's out of the closet.
You're fair, how do you like that, huh?
Oh, maybe he knows that Jeff Ganon, Duckert guy, how well, and Erie Fleischer and Scott McClellan, and what's her name?
What's her name?
I don't know.
And quarter.
Oh, her name is Spudge.
You're fair.
Oh, that, that whole bunch.
A 20-year-old, who's lawyers claim the video game Grand Theft Auto and Childhood Abuse Croson to kill?
Did you talk about this yesterday?
Well, you didn't talk about that story specifically.
Oh, you talk about Grand Theft Auto?
Yes, we did.
There you go.
See, they're going to come knocking your door down, it's your clashing door, and you're confiscating all your violent video games and all your pot.
A 20-year-old, who's lawyers claim the video game Grand Theft Auto and Childhood Abuse Croson to kill three small-town police officers who are convicted, who's the capital murder?
Convicted.
The jury delivered.
This is kind of like, what was his name?
With the Ellis Rubin and TV violence?
Oh, yeah, TV intoxication, I forgot.
TV intoxication, what that was that kid's name?
It just got out, not too long ago.
That's the porn doctor.
No, seriously.
I don't know this.
I don't know either.
The jury deliberating, deliberated for just over an hour before convicting Devon Moore.
Jurors on Wednesday began deliberating more sentence he could receive the death penalty.
That's funny because they're still deliberating.
The French lawyers had partly blamed Moore's actions on the Overseas Spend Plain Video Games from the Grand Theft Auto series in which players shoot police officers and steal cars.
Now, see, it's got to be the other way around.
Police officers should shoot people, especially if they got two ounces of pot.
There you go again, that left wing spin doctor.
That's up there.
While they're here to scare you know and dikes.
While the Judge Bar jurors from hearing testimony linking the 2003 shootings to the game,
defense lawyer Jim Sandwich reminded them that Moore after his arrest told police,
life is a video game.
Everybody answered, I sometime.
Right.
Moore had pleaded not guilty and not guilty, but reason of mental defect.
His family and friends left court without comment.
While the victim and brothers and friends gathered to hug and thank prosecutors, prosecutor Lynn Durham said to do that more.
Nobody was doing when he grabbed a patrolman's gun and killed two officers in a radio dispatcher and knew it was wrong, she said.
Officers had taken Moore to police headquarters for booking on a stolen auto charge.
Authorities said Moore, who was 18 at the time, grabbed one of the officers, guns and fatally shot all three victims in the head before fleeing a patrol car.
The victim's families have filed a civil suit against the video game manufacturer and two stores claiming that Moore killed a three after repeatedly playing Grand Theft Auto 3 and Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
No trial they'd spent set on the civil lawsuit as spokesman for a T2 interactive software and current company of Grand Theft Auto manufacturer,
Rockstar Games, the anatomy of the consumer and you got these wrong.
By the way, you should know.
Yes, Josh Cordis is sporting a vice city t-shirt as we speak.
Yes, murderer, lunatic.
That's right.
Beware, we ought to put him on the uphold now.
I fear him because he may just go on a homestay or blown a bunch of people away, hopefully sales people.
What, when that game come out?
Oh yeah.
Grand Theft Sales Department.
Oh yeah.
Because a lot of those people are stealing their paychecks or whatever commission they're getting on accounts that they inherited.
Not to mention the ones they screwed up.
Why did you give me start on that again?
I just started forming it to the muscle and I think of that sales department.
You go out there and we got a nine freaking share, okay?
And they still can't sell it.
So it's not that it has no impact in my life.
It doesn't cost me or make me one dime one way or the other.
But it's just so sad that you're produced for it.
And these people, you know something?
This morning, remember the conversation we had which we aren't going to go there.
But we had a clear answer.
No, no, no.
Clarence had one interesting line though.
He said, your show is different.
And I finally realized what he meant by that.
We have ratings.
Oh.
Yeah.
And as opposed to sports, you know, we have ratings.
I've been trying to figure out what he meant by that.
KNBR San Francisco axis three in a wake of racially charged on air comments reports radio and records.
The Susquehannis sports outlet.
Yeah.
The red is the more TV intoxication.
Nice going, Alice.
Hey, Alice Ruben.
Alice Ellis.
I've been thinking that defense was really stinking.
But anyway, the Susquehannis sports outlet, which is also the flagship of the San Francisco.
Giants has fired three staff members following comments made last week by Taco's Larry Kruger that were deemed racially insensitive by Giants players and coach Felipe Allu.
Vice President General Manager Tony Salvador has released not only Kruger, but already been suspended without pay, but also long time can be our program director Bob Agnew, no relation to Spiro, A. News.
And morning show producer Tony Ryan.
And a statement released by the station Salvador said the fairings are related to inappropriate comedy sound bites that were played yesterday morning during discussion of a loose recent interview with the SPN.
And which the round they criticize can be our and Kruger as previously reported by radio and records.
Kruger earned his suspension last week after blaming the Giants current playing was on brain dead Caribbean hitters or that Caribbean hacking at slop nightly and saying that manager eludes mind to turn the cream of wheat.
Don't be crossing those sports franchise.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
It's not a good idea.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60 W.Q.A.N. for years Armstrong for the home to there's always treated everybody like family.
They want to stand off for you to join their family right now.
Ford nationally is instead of their Ford family plan offered to September 6th.
Right now at Armstrong for the home to get the same great pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families begin.
Not only did you get employee family pricing, you also get Armstrong for exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
And for limited time with any new car purchase, you get a color TV free.
So what should be waiting for? Pick up the phone right now call 305 247 51 12 and ask for David Rich.
You won't get a better deal on it for it anywhere. No bait and switch, no phone.
It deals this fantastic offers only available with Armstrong for the homestead where they always treat you just like family.
Armstrong Ford is proud to be locally owned and operated by President General manager David Rich says bring your family to meet our family.
Armstrong Ford at homestead you'll find him at US one in Southwest 307's reaches 20 minutes right south of the 836.
And I guarantee you I'll bet you Maddie Bell's life on it. You won't get a better deal on the Ford anyplace else.
Check them on the web. Armstrong cars dot com and give David Richie call it 305 247 51 12 and state it about the Ford family plan today.
Drive a little bit further but save yourself thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is new Roger. This is 560 8M.
I knew that I was testifying under oath and I told the truth and today I am telling the truth again that I did not do this intentionally or noranly.
The Orioles ain't winning. Get worse with it for you.
And my silly is afraid he's gonna lose his job.
So says got a call.
Giam Bees in the yard.
Papa Marrow shows us boys down with a knife and four.
We're talking to small.
So when you call the fence is talking to small.
Making this way of the fences.
They test them only just a bunch of lines.
Never.
You're terrible.
Death pulling free runs shots with routine flies.
Life on arrows.
So.
And big.
There's not been any gain in everything for the.
Why would I do it?
I'm going to get the 3000 s.
It just makes no sense.
Yeah, make no sense.
We understand liar liar pants on fire.
A lot of liars out there.
Former rule com chief finance finance chief Scott Sullivan sentenced today to five years in prison for his high ranking rule.
In largest accounting for a US history.
Nice going five years.
Those people ought to be on death row.
You know the in wrong crowd that hold on.
Yeah.
I still can't order for the fact that the American public is so passive.
I work my whole life.
I got all the all this money saved up.
And now I lost it based on a bunch of fraud.
I'm going to say it again, Ted.
David and all you great robbers at CNBC.
You people at the gambling chain.
You ought to be in jail.
You ought to be on death row.
You were you were participants.
You were co-conspirators in that so called bubble.
The biggest fraud in the financial history of the USA.
And it just goes on better be put a move put about when they put that Jim.
What's his name on it?
Idiot.
The one that's a creamer.
Oh, crazy creamer.
Yeah, put him on there.
Let's see.
Palm Beach trouble maker says while it's true that the abortion is a central republicans.
It's not as it seems.
The fact is there was zero chance they'll ever make it illegal.
They have a perfect wage issue divided the country.
Yaudi, yaudi.
Foreign.
It's a new material.
Okay, Palm Beach trouble maker.
You're really boring.
Okay, anyway, here's despite a zero tolerance policy on tampering with voters speaking to Republicans.
The Republican Party has quietly paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to provide private defense lawyers for a former Bush campaign official charge with conspiring to keep Democrats from voting in New Hampshire.
James Tobin, the president's 2004 campaign chairman for New England,
and his charge in New Hampshire federal court with four felonies accusing him of conspiring with a state EOP official and GOP consultant Virginia,
Jan, Democrat and Labor Union get out to vote phone banks in November 2002.
A telephone firm was paid to make repeated hang-up phone calls to overwhelm the phone banks in New Hampshire and prevent them from getting Democratic voters to the polls election day 2002, prostitutes a leg.
Republican John Sinu, who won a close race that day to be New Hampshire's newest senator.
At the time, Tobin was the RNC's New England Regional Director before moving to President Bush's 2004 reelection campaign.
These are the people that we're going to bring a decency back to Washington.
Remember that?
No more like a blue dress crap.
A top New Hampshire party official and a GOP consultant already completed the guilty and cooperated with prosecutors.
Tobin's indictment accuses him of specifically calling the GOP consultant to get a telephone firm to help in the scheme.
The object of the conspiracy was to deprive inhabitants of New Hampshire and more particularly qualified voters of their federally secured right to vote states the latest indictment issued by federal grand dream A18,
since charges were first filed in December the RNC has spent more than $722,000 to provide Tobin was put innocent.
A team of lawyers from the high-card Washington Law firm of Williams and Connolly, the firm's other clients include Bill and Hillary Clinton and former housing secretary Henry Cisneros.
All the crooks.
How do you like that?
Probably I'll take a call or two, because I'm just like I did Tuesday. I got all the way through my pile.
Remember I said I'm never going to get raised.
I worked my way through a big pile.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well there's no calls in there anyway.
So what am I talking about? Plus now it's going to be with the delay to take what? 10 minutes?
We're taking it.
What are you most afraid of? That's our pull-up question.
474. We got to shout at 600 votes today on the show, man. We got a shot.
Got it?
Oh.
If you've got some pot, you're going to get shot.
That's the moral.
What do you most afraid of?
Religious fanatists 139, George W. Bush 116.
The light folks, 31. Republicans, 29, snakes, 28.
Pitbull, 15, lightning, and thunder, 14.
The police, 13.
Rats, 13. See the tie in there?
Mm-hmm.
I'm fearless, 12. I don't fear nothing.
Gas prices 10. Crazy people 10. Hurricane's 8.
Tights, 7. Spiders, 7.
Greg Reed, 6.
He makes me dizzy.
Water, 5. Flying, 5.
Process service 3.
Doctors, 1. Family, priest, 1.
Bats, 1. Hospital's none.
The big, uh, so far.
Comedy QA and Hello.
QA and Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, George Schuss, Cadi, Colin, and I can't shoot.
Comedy QA and Hello.
QA and?
How are you?
Okay.
There's a couple things.
Uh, one, one thing is that everything that John Kerry said
in his campaign, it's not to be true.
Yeah.
Because he didn't know how to say it.
They didn't vote for it.
It just falls.
But you know, because he was before, he was against it before he was
for it.
Because he brought the ball all over the place in like, uh,
minutes to grab the fee from the draws of victory, like most
democratic presidential candidates.
Exactly.
So, you know, another thing, when this thing opened,
you know, what happened?
It was a war in Iraq and a gas dam.
The Ladner said that he wants to fight, you know, head to head.
He said, I'm going to milk you of all your running.
And based on that, he's winning the war.
Don't you remember right after the invasion of Iraq, there was a big
ad in the New York Times and elsewhere with a picture of Osami
and Mama Thanking George Bush in the US for invading Iraq?
Does it remember that?
I did.
Exactly.
He played right in other hands.
This is what they wanted.
But you know, that whole 9-11 thing, that sure came at a very
propitious time.
You think it's just an accident or a physical incident?
Yeah.
Deputy Q.A.M. Hello.
Deep breath.
You see that?
Come on.
Hello.
Yes.
Deep breath.
Always take a good breath before we start letting the helium out.
Deputy Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Neil?
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Where's all these Christian people that were worried about Bill
Clinton and all his little picadeles now that all these lies are going out?
When are they open up their mouth for all these lies that we see from the White House?
Now you're confusing.
Lying about sex, that's the bad thing.
See sex, sex, sex, sex, that evil three-letter word.
White wingers don't do sex.
Yeah, but why don't they, I could see a thousand lies from this White House.
Why don't these the Christian people say anything about those lies?
They don't have any credibility.
Because they like these lies.
They're because they're all on behalf of our good friends in Israel, man.
Well, it's just our own party.
I don't know.
Jesus is coming back and we're all going to get that to see that thing.
I love the way that they do.
Knocked the Muslims, the fanatical Muslims.
Oh, my business is about the seven virgins and all about martyrdom and all this crap.
In the meantime, all these right-wing fundamentalists are saying crap.
We've got to have Armageddon, man.
We've got to have Jesus come back.
And we can all go to heaven and be saved except the course for those non-believing Jews and others.
Like they're going to get blown away.
They're going to hell.
Okay, that.
All you people don't believe in Jesus.
You're all going to hell.
That's what the Jesus Christ is saying.
Jesus Christ.
Let me say it again.
Read the first page of Genesis, the first piece, and you'll realize what a piece it is.
You'll flush it right out of the toilet along with your copies of the Koran.
All this biblical garbage went in doubt.
Flush it out.
Get it out of your brain.
Get it out of your system.
All this man made stupidity.
All this ignorance.
I mean, when you can take a book and you read the very first page and you realize that there was nothing.
There was nothing supernatural.
No great wisdom.
No, I'll written by ignorant men.
That should be it right there.
Say, hey, give me something else to read.
This is craft.
This is idiotic.
You're, you know, 2005.
But, whirling stones here at Toronto last night.
You see that?
Yes, you catch it.
No, sorry, report on it.
The Rolling Stones upcoming album contains a song seemingly critical of President Bush.
But Mick Jagger denies it's directed at him.
According to the syndicated TV show Extra, do we believe Mick?
No.
It's not really aimed at anyone, Jagger said.
Maybe it's like Carly Simon and you're so vain.
You really have anybody in mind.
I believe Richard said about it.
It's not really aimed at anyone, Jagger said.
On the entertainment news shows Wednesday edition, it's not aimed personally into President Bush.
It wouldn't be called Sweet Neocon if it was.
The song is from the new album, A Bigger Bang, set for release September 6th.
There's no mention of Bush or Rack, but it does refer to Military Contractor Halliburton,
which is formerly run by Dick Cheney and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
How come you're so wrong, my sweet Neocon?
Where's the money gone and the Pentagon goes one refrain?
The song also includes the line, It's Liberty for All, Democracy's Our Style,
Unless You Were Against This, then it's prison without trial.
It is certainly very critical of certain policies of the administration,
but so what?
Lots of people are critical, Jagger, told Extra, as he pulled a John Kerry.
It sounds like to me, old Mick, a little bit of...
Waffle, waffle, waffle!
Maybe he likes a little waffle in the morning, as opposed to those scones.
Maybe these are the Rolling Stones.
A representative for the Stones, said the group had no further comment.
Their mum, Stones intend to kick off a US-2 in Boston, August 20th.
We're here at Toronto last night, okay?
It's really boring to make quite friends.
They're old, they're, you know, like the old stuff, that's fine.
Don't you think it's time to retire?
Don't you think it'll be the idea for... I think it is.
I mean, once you get to be, you celebrate your 90th birthday, it's time to retire.
I'm planning on it, once I get to 90.
27 past noon at 5.60 W.
If you have Curtis Stevenson for a moment,
for the whole my story.
2, 4 o'clock, he got the Gellie Myster till 6th City, when in Marlon Pregame show.
Marlon's any Arizona Don and Back,
so eventually we have another fantastic crowd for that game,
out of the statement nightfall by the end-camping show.
As the parade of old Jews continues here on QA&M,
we're old and we're moldy, and we got the numbers.
Too bad.
All right!
I bet the Chief Guide down at Mission Control,
who showed me some broken insulation,
foam there with NASA,
N-A-S-A-N-S-A.
He walked up to me, and he said there's a chance.
The next flight up will be dropping stuff down on NASA,
N-A-S-A-N-S-A.
N-A-S-A-N-S-A.
I'm tired of here.
Well, they worked all day and two the night,
trying to fix the problem right.
They tried not to take on the scover rease,
but that's in the worst possible.
Fortunately, the last night the world was a challenging guy.
When someone that phone, they should use frames,
they blew down a NASA.
N-A-S-A-N-S-A.
And they can take that Sun.
Comparative 22-28-1 at 5.60 W-Q-A-M.
Seven years after taking part in the school yard ambush,
where four students and a teaser died,
Mitchell Johnson's walking out of a federal detention center today.
And that's because American law is a pile of crap.
If you got two ounces of a pot,
they're going to like blow your crap away.
You're dead.
But if you blow away a bunch of other people,
and it was in your state, happen to be just right,
you'll hang out wild and then you walk out.
His impending release has this Northeast Arkansas town,
Jonesborough, on edge.
And many still question the furnace of releasing Johnson
on this 21st birthday because of a now closed loophole in the law.
Mitchell Wright, whose wife Shannon was killed in the attack said,
he is trying to explain Johnson's release to his son,
who was two when his mother died.
He told me, I don't think it's right he gets to go home to his mama.
I only get to see my mama on video's right, said.
Student Whitney Irving, who shot at the back with survived,
although she has since graduated from high school,
Meriden had a child in the tech remains of a vivid part of her everyday life.
A lot of people are really scared of this very day.
We haven't forgotten anything she said.
On March 24th, 1998, Johnson N. 13,
an Andrew Golden N. 11,
stole high powered rifles from Golden's grandfather.
Dressed in camouflage, they waited in the woods behind the school
until the lunch hour when Golden ran into a hallway to trigger a fire alarm.
As classmates and teachers found out of the building,
the names Johnson and Golden opened fire.
Children, doctors scrambled while teachers tried to herd pupils back into the building.
Four students and Shannon, right, and English teacher were killed.
Ten others were injured.
The Jonesboro shootings came amid a number of school yard assaults
in which teenagers attacked their classmates.
Thirteen died along with two shooters at Columbine,
year after Jonesboro.
Luke Woodham killed two students in Pearl, Mississippi,
and October 97 after killing his mother.
And Kip Kinkle killed two teenagers and would have more than 20 in Springfield,
or over gone, after killing his parents in May 98.
Woodham is in prison for life.
Kinkle is serving nearly 112 years.
You know, the murder rate here in Toronto isn't going up that much,
but the shooting rate is, we got 42 murders this year as compared to 64-O last year.
So we're like on par for about the same number.
But last year, they had 27 people shot to death in Toronto.
This year, we already got 28.
We'll just wait till the rain gets better.
I beg your pardon? Just wait till they get better rain.
They need more.
Crazy people with guns, okay?
That's the problem.
Who many guns?
I mentioned all of a sudden we got that here too.
And most of the guns by the way coming in from the USA.
I've mentioned that before.
I'll mention it again.
I know it's very unpopular opinion, especially the left wing spin doctors keep spewing the stuff out.
Crazy people with guns.
You need a gun.
In fact, I ever saw a guy with a gun.
I walked right up to him and say,
Dr. Zivia Locke and go up.
And you know what you do?
You know what you do?
I want to say that to that is really good.
And a plane coming back.
Dr. Ann.
Apple juice.
We'll have another Apple juice.
I'll have an ice cream.
You know, one was good enough for everybody else.
But for him and his ugly wife.
Oh God.
Trobbed your enjured man.
And you wonder why there's anti-
I kept thinking to myself,
you wonder why there's anti-semites.
Just talk to some Israelis.
Because of a since closed loophole in Arkansas juvenile justice system,
the state had no way to hold Johnson and Golden beyond their 18th birthdays.
Federal prosecutors used weapon laws to keep the boys locked up until age 21.
Golden is going to be freed next in the 2007 and two years.
Dale Haas, the sheriff at the time of the shootings,
questions whether justice has been served as Johnson walks free.
Oh yeah.
How could anyone think they'd be rehabilitated Haas asked?
With some residents also angry over the sentence,
Craighead County Sheriff Jack McCann wants to offer protection
to Johnson's mother, Gretchen Woodward,
who lives near the school where the shootings happened.
I want to prepare her that if he's coming back here,
there's going to be some problems to what I said I don't know McCann said.
We're going to be very open with her about what could happen.
And do whatever we can help them.
Probably like trim the trees around there be a good idea, not her?
Remember those old good old like Arkansas,
probably a lot of good old southern lynchings took place in that third town.
Whether anybody agrees with her,
not he has served his sentence McCann said Woodward has said that her son will not return to Arkansas
when he's released from prison in Memphis, Tennessee.
She said he wants to become a minister.
Oh yeah.
And Hinted, he'll move in at least a day's drive from Jones-Brenner,
Roland College.
He wants to be a minister.
Woodward said her son dwells on what happened and wants to be a minister.
What's the make things right with the Lord?
Damn God!
Played Pally.
Now speaking of fanatic religious people with no sense of humor,
an internet video that depicts the Nazi death camp Auschwitz as a rape party
drew sharp criticism yesterday from a Jewish rights group in Paris,
which urged authorities to have it removed from European websites.
The three-minute video titled Housewitz,
a poem on house music and Auschwitz,
cast Nazi soldiers as DJs.
It alternates black and white still photos of Holocaust atrocities
with color images of youths at an outdoor party,
and it advertises a free taxi ride home showing a wheelbarrow full of corpses.
What, nothing about a free shower?
The Simon Viesenthal Center's European Office denounced the video as outrageous,
saying it goes beyond the bounds of freedom of expression to an unprecedented level of obscenity.
The Center asked the organization for security and cooperation in Europe to call on countries
where websites have posted the video to immediately stop to spread this pernicious nihilism.
Nealism.
Damn God!
Jeras Lov-Minsfeld, a spokesman for the museum at the Auschwitz Memorial in Poland,
said he was absolutely shocked.
Some one and a half million people mostly Jews were killed at the Nazi camp during WW2.
I didn't understand how a person can make such a movie, he said.
The film is featured on one Dutch-wild figures,
and two Polish websites, the Viesenthal Center said.
You know those Dutch, they got a great sense of humor.
Yeah, a lot for riot.
The Dutch website, Geen-style, says it's doing nothing wrong in posting the video,
the site whose name means no style, says it mixes news with light subjects and presently twisted nonsense.
It has published a disclaimer saying it copied the video after learning it was being talked about on Internet chat rooms.
We didn't make the video, but it's an integral part of the discussion by our viewers.
It's not illegal and we don't intend to remove it from the sites at Oscar Van Mijland,
one of the website's writers.
According to the Dutch Complaints Bureau for Discrimination on the Internets,
the video makers is a 22-year-old Dutch student.
Six weeks ago, the Bureau received a complaint about the video and had it pulled from three websites.
Later, when Green-the-Green-style site posted the film,
the Complaints Bureau went to the Amsterdam Public Prosecutor,
and we told the video was not illegal enough to prosecute the Bureau,
said it's illegal, but not illegal enough to prosecute.
They looked at it.
Okay. Housewitz.
And George was looking frantically for it before the show this morning,
because he was smitten by it.
Well, I don't know yet.
I don't know.
You haven't taken it.
I'm going on it.
Damn it.
It was billed as the 11th Annual Tribute Dinner to State Senator Jim King,
the Jacksonville Republican and veteran legislator of his former president of the State Senate in Tallahassee,
the event held last week.
At the four seasons luxury hotel in Dallas, a track that nearly a dozen lawmakers,
including three state senators, will be responsible for helping craft legislation
that regulates the use of slot machines at all three,
how they raise tracks, and a highlight front-on.
And who picked up the tab for the dinner, says the aherald,
a cadre of Tallahassee lobbyist, many whom represent the same tracks and other gambling interests,
that will have a vital stake in whatever measure state lawmakers improve later this year.
lobbyists representing Gulf Stream Park, Pompo, Park at the Seminole Travel Florida,
help pay for the meal.
King others who attended the event say was a social event that includes short speeches and jokes
and not any talk about pending legislative business,
the people are there because it's a Jim King dinner, and they're not there to lobby King said.
But the dinner, held a conjression with a legislative convention last week in Dallas,
highlights the cozy and shadowy relationship between lawmakers and lobbyists,
an effort by Senate President Tom Lee, this past year,
to force lobbyists to disclose more information about the gifts and meals that you have legislators,
was shot down by the Florida House.
When asked about the Dallas event, King grew the fence of noting that lobbyists pay
for annual Florida dinners for state legislators,
who attend either the annual American legislative exchange council convention,
or the national conference of state legislative convention,
which kicks off in Seattle next week.
What's the big deal? He said we all go out to lunches and dinner all the time,
adding that most of the lobbyists who attend the dinner are long-time friends of his.
Lobby is jacked, scouting, who represents Pompo, Park, Carnest rack,
and was one of the Dallas event sponsors, said that King dinner was not a big secret,
we've been doing it for 11 years, he said.
There's nothing illegal about lobbyists paying to wine and dine legislators,
unless the value of the meals and excess of 100 bucks.
But they require the report and he gives more than $25.
Yet a Harold Review was found that only a handful of lobbyists repr...
were routinely reported such meals.
Many lobbyists have found waiting before they give the scoter,
and it goes on and on Yadiah, who cares.
See, there are attacking happen in the meantime.
Where's the attack on Jeb Bush?
Where's the attack on the legislature?
Where's the attack on those idiots who put the wording of this measure on a ballot in the first place?
They should have known.
They should have known that unless they were depropply,
this thing was all going to be stalled and stone walled and all kinds of crap.
Am I right? Absolutely.
Is there any...
Absolutely.
No question about it. Even he knows.
And he don't know much.
I think we got a shot of 500 votes today, Josh.
What do you think?
We got 512, man.
Oh, well...
512 right now.
We got 600 in the bag in my sack.
I can feel it right now. 600 in the sack.
This is Neil Roger.
You failed.
This is 516.
I'm failing.
Big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
We're going to get the game on jail.
Oh, go, go, go.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-hole.
We salute you, Mr. Identity of a Kia de Cover CIA operative revealer.
Mr. Identity of a Kia de Cover CIA!
Unless a man would realize the search for WMDs is what matters.
But not Carl Rowe.
No.
You sold our Valerie Plame like a nanny on desperate housewives.
Jackie Masiglito.
There hasn't been a leak this day since the Titanic was struck.
Yet you refused to resign from your cushy gig at the White House.
Well, give up for pension.
Now, the Democrats are calling for your head on a platter,
which is ironic, because that's exactly how you served up Valerie.
Sure, you've suffered more public humiliation than a contestant on Brakamp.
But you don't care.
You're Carl Rowe, and you can smell the maid-fot TV movie deal that awaits you.
So we salute you, Mr. Identity of a Kia de Cover CIA operative revealer.
Your loose lips, your band timing, and your White House parking space.
You are a real American A-hole.
1246 at 560 WMG has some bad news in, man.
But I want to proceed by saying thank you again, Mr. President.
Much as Grasius for these low bargain basement gas prices.
Man, it's a...what a bargain, huh?
Even we couldn't get it for your whole sale like this.
US crude and crude is the operative word, and gasoline futures rose through all time highs today.
The headline in this is oil surges to $66 a barrel.
Got it?
Oh my God.
A mid-refinery snag sliding inventories and worries over Iran's nuclear ambitions.
September crude had a record $66 a barrel before easing the $65.55.
What a bargain.
The previous end of the day, record of $65 was said, yes, turd day.
September gas leans rated up $2.87 to $192.87.
The $192.05, after setting a record of $195.55.
Why US H&O futures surge $2.62 to $186.00 after reaching a record of $192.3 per barrel on record.
Oh, man.
Thank you for those low-guys prices.
I'm going in there and killing all their ragheads.
I'm showing the world that we're not going to sit back and we're going to smoke a lot of their holes.
And we're going to give them the old one for.
We're going to kill them while they're sleeping.
Remember, rumsome went through that BS.
We're going to catch them where they, you don't want to know what we're going to do.
You're right about that.
In fact, on second thought, maybe we should know what we're going to do.
Like Laila.
And set a bunch of people off to be a human slaughter.
Like cattle. That's what they're doing.
They're sending your kids off there to be slaughtered like cattle.
Like a human sacrifice.
Of course, religion is they like human sacrifice anyway, so why not?
Some people bring flowers, other bring balloons.
When Melvin Reed, three wives, showed up to visit him at the hospital in London,
they brought an unexpected curtain call to his years as a double bigamist.
British police confirmed that after Melvin Reed woke from his triple bypass heart operation earlier this year,
his complicated marital affairs took a turn for the worst.
All three of his spouses had turned up at the same time,
despite his efforts to stagger their visits.
Media reports say that upon realizing that something was amiss,
the wives held a meeting in the parking lot learned that they were all married to the same man.
The 59-year-old company director from Kettering in Central England turned himself into police May 12,
saying it was married to three different women at the same time and confessed to bigamist.
And illegal offense in Britain, I'm actually the Mormons aren't too happy about that.
Oh, it's a Hugo boy.
Folks have been for the Crown Prosecutions that are not too happy that it's illegal.
Confirm that redistribute himself into police.
Oh, I can take some more calls here or I can just continue climbing through.
I don't know. I'm not taking any more calls.
Don't waste what? Why me was a tough decision?
You know how long I have been running on this?
I know you're not struggling.
Because between two days and today I've lucked out.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe those people are out of time.
Maybe somebody burned their home at three in the morning.
It's been in the way for chronic bad phone call.
It's only. They're there.
Oh, they're out there.
Yeah. They're out there somewhere in the hitterlands.
530 votes on a pool.
We got a shot at 600, baby.
We got a shot.
Run to a swat.
That story is so, you know, it just makes you weak.
It leaves you speechless and that idiot calls in who in Josh is right about that.
That heavy one of the cops.
Right. Left wing spin doctors.
Yeah. All the doctors in the world are going to bring Anthony back.
I've said that.
He's a drug dealer.
Yeah, that's where the end of the skills and if you've glad bags.
Got only knows what other crap.
It maybe even had some matches or a lighter.
Ooh.
A butane lighter that he could take it on a plane sometime and lift those somebody's shoe.
What are you most afraid of?
Or religious fanatics 157 George W. Bush 127 snakes 34.
And I see those first three all kind of like tying together, don't you?
You'll snake in the grass.
Black folks 31.
I'm a Republican 31.
Well, there's no tie in there.
I'll guarantee you that.
That's one thing.
Give credit to I'd say with this right now, you dark folks man.
At least nobody is fooling you.
They're not pulling a wall over your eyes.
And I'm letting you vote too much, but nevertheless.
The police 16 lightning and thunder 16.
I'm fearless 15.
I don't fear nothing 15.
You said that.
Do we believe them?
Absolutely not.
Pitbull is 15.
Rats 14.
Gas prices 12.
Crazy people 11.
Spiders 9.
Hurricane's 9.
You know, if I can interrupt myself and I guess I can't because it's my show.
Left wing spin doctor show.
See, you know what a dog lover I am.
Right.
But if I'm like walking down a sidewalk and if somebody got a pit bull on a leash,
or some other vicious looking dog, I'm not going to be inclined like, hey, here.
Yeah.
Yeah, go ahead out there.
You're poached.
No, I can do that.
Rats 14.
Gas prices 12.
Crazy people 11.
Spiders 9.
Hurricane's 9.
Heights 8.
Flying 6.
Greg Reed 6.
Water 5.
Process server.
I think Gary Assarder voted for Greg Reed.
Process server 3.
Hospitals 2.
Doctors 2.
The family priest 1.
And bats 1.
Bats 5.
That's our nasty bats are basically rats with wings.
I thought that was pigeons.
No, no, pigeons are crap.
Yeah, in fact, that's their name crap is us.
I'm looking at pigeons right off.
I knew she mentioned that on my balcony.
Yeah, they make those nasty.
That was very good.
That was a good pigeon song.
Joyce, can we look at that?
Because then pigeon no pigeons are connected with drop in the, you know what?
And that's exquisite.
We can't do that.
Sorry, Joyce.
Bitch.
Got a couple of sports things here.
More trouble making athletes, man.
I'm so worn out by all of this crap.
So sick and tired of it.
Florida State Junior Linebacker, Ernie Sims, we'll do two.
Now, is that the, is that the, is that the, is Seminole's?
That's right.
At least right now it is.
Yeah, for now.
Oh, yeah, we can't, the Seminole.
Why, why, why, don't we have more important things to worry about than school nicknames?
I mean, God, get a freaking life.
I have no life.
Anyway, Ernie Sims will do two days of puberty service work after putting no context
as they, to reduce charge of disorderly conduct, semi-fermified last month with his girlfriend.
Sims have been originally charged with domestic battery, but that charge was reduced to disorderly conduct and resisting rest charge was dropped.
The resisting charge was dropped because police said it was very remorsel and cooperative after his arrest.
Sims received six months probation.
We'll be looking at the soon as he completes two days of work for Leon County.
Mr. Sims is pleased with it and I'm pleased with it.
Sims lawyer Henry Hunter.
I'm proud to say he's ready for this season, ready to concentrate on school and football.
He and his girlfriend are back together. He's really fine, God.
He wants to concentrate on football.
Right?
Jumping high.
How's, how's Benny Gray doing?
It's fine, Blake.
It was that.
And speaking of athletes that I'm getting this one, I'm getting really sick and tired.
It wasn't bad enough that Terrell Owens became Terrell Owens.
That wasn't bad enough that all his right wingers got all bent out of shape about that TV spot.
It wasn't really spot, the intro to money and that football, which was mostly to do about nothing.
What was that?
Nicola Chirin, with the towel?
Yes.
Oh, I mean, America grow up already. Please.
I have no lies. Jesus.
We didn't even see any.
Right, the last thing that.
That's the thing, David.
Terrell Owens got tealed as in a throwout of training camp.
The all-pro wide receiver was asked to leave Philadelphia Eagles Camp yesterday for eight.
He did exchange with Coach Andy Reed, making it the latest curious twist in a controversial career.
This time there were no sharpies or desperate housewives.
Instead, read asked the injured Owens believe that after their discussion,
a court of Owens agent threw Rosenhausen as publicist Kim Etheridge.
Owens was asked to return next Wednesday.
I got sent home until Wednesday for whatever reason Owens told Comcast Sportsnet.
It was just a different time of opinion I was defending myself.
When we brought his camp down his lawn and helicopters overhead,
while Owens played basketball and lifted weights, the circus scene only magnified distraction.
Owens has become the NFC champions.
Oh, NFC champions.
Not the Super Bowl champions because it seems to me that the Patriots kicked their ass.
Yeah.
Well, Owens was an instant fan favor last year after having the Eagles reached the Super Bowl,
which they lost to the New England Patriots.
He's caused constant headaches for management because of instant management for new contract.
Now comes this.
Comcast Sportsnet reported that this agreement occurred during a team meeting.
Owens then got his belongings and cleared out a training camp at Lehigh University.
Owens after testing his injured groin on a separate plane field from his teammates,
Owens was at home.
How do you test your groin?
I was just going to ask you that.
Now, I don't want to hear about it.
If the truth needs to be told, then that's what I'll do, Owens said.
If Reed wants to be a man about it and have me read and go on here and really tell people what happened that I can,
it was the difference of opinion.
The Eagles responded with a brief statement.
Teralos has been sent home from training camp due to undisclosed team issues.
He's expected to return to the team once they're all going to 17.
That's it.
Rosenhaus said basically the coach told me she'd take a rest, get some rehab,
and Reed would get back to him in a few days.
Owens is unhappy.
The Eagles have refused to redo his contract.
As Yammer's the second of a seven-year, $48.97 million deal.
Oh my God.
It's not enough.
Seven years, let's see, let's do the math on that.
That's like seven times seven is $49.
That's close enough to me, okay?
Seven million a year.
And they don't want to redo the contract.
Seven million a year, okay?
You any new jackass, you quizzling?
The Howard Rosenhaus in Trenton's skip camp completely instead.
He reported that injured is growing last Thursday.
Well, you know something I'm tired of him.
I'm sick of him.
Today is the 10th anniversary of the death of Mickey Mantle, by the way,
just for Josh's information.
You were there?
Now I am.
Even you remember Mickey Mantle, number seven?
Of course.
Well, many of course.
You never saw Mickey Mantle play.
No, but who doesn't know who Mickey Mantle was in play?
You weren't even born when he was, though, when he retired.
Okay.
Hey, Mickey, you have another drink.
I'm really martin.
I like Mickey Mantle.
He was my hero.
He liked Hank Bauer, though, the best.
Maybe it's that name, you know?
Johnny Bauer is my favorite hockey player.
Hank Bauer, favorite baseball player.
And old Papa Bauer, I'm their guiding light.
And Burke Bauer.
Right?
What do you know?
Okay.
Stephen Bauer.
Steve Bauer, there you go.
You know, it's funny you mentioned that because I was thinking about that the other day.
I must have been really bored.
What would they be?
Well, on a plane trip, you have to let out a lot of time to think.
Uh-huh.
I was thinking about that time I met Stephen Bauer, a-k-a Rocky, a Surveyor from Kepasa,
USA.
And he met me at a Panther game in the old Miami arena.
That one was fun going to a Panther game.
And, uh, you know, and I forget who introduced this, but he embraced me like, um, I was his
long lost best buddy.
Like we like, we had something going there, you know?
Wow.
He was a good guy.
You know, he had his problems, had a little, uh, something up his nose, but he's a pretty good guy.
And that movie, The Feefe of Hearts, was pretty good, you know?
It was all right.
And, uh, what about Scarface?
What was the Scarface?
Of course, we were just talking about him on what was it last week?
About Scarface or anybody?
Although I did like him a lot better on Kepasa, USA, especially without the town.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16-2-a-m.
So long to two hour!
Coming up tonight, an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity user biography profile story.
They achieved worldwide fame without guitars, bass, drums, or any of that stuff that was totally unnecessary in the 80s.
They were the Peshmo.
Hey kids, like that pulsing backbeat, it's some wanker hitting a key on a synthesizer with his fruity little index finger.
The Peshmo manager, Slubby Gold.
That ain't no guitar. That ain't no horn section.
It's just some more wankers than a lindex fingers.
Ben, you want to talk about a band with Low Overhead?
These guys were a dream.
The Peshmo Drive engagement's always concluded with an awkward moa for lead singer Alan Wilder.
All right, let me introduce the band.
David J. it on keyboard.
And we also have Andy Plattia on keyboard.
And David's Martin Gold on keyboard.
Oh, what a bunch of blitzkits.
The Peshmo.
That's French work. You'll buy anything.
It's a big juicy, stopping wet look at your business tonight, on inside of behind.
Well, I hate to break the news, but I kind of like the Peshmo.
I like him a lot, so does Drought.
Well, there you go.
For all you people, I might be traveling out there.
And of course, most of the people that go to Europe, you know where they go because they're worried about language.
Yeah, well, I'm not so sure that that many people are going to be going to London right now.
Oh, probably.
Probably will be way down there on your list, but just in case.
I'm going to switch back there and grab it.
British Airways has suspended all passenger check-ins for flights to Europe.
I'd London's Heathrow Airport until further notice because of industrial action by British Airways staff and supportive subcontracted caterers.
Oh, God.
CNN's Matthew Chan speaking from Heathrow.
By the way, CNN should only quote.
Speaking from Heathrow said hundreds of passengers were stranded at the airport.
We like Susan Candy-Oddy a lot, although I don't see her lately.
Maybe she's not under anymore.
That's the worst in essence.
They're cutting back on everything and putting that CNN international stuff on for two hours.
Everything.
Oh, my God.
Anyway, Matthew Chan's really described the scene that Heathrow has chaos.
So if you've had a trip schedule on British Air to London, you might want to like rethink it.
Fly somebody else.
Fly KLM.
Fly something.
Quiltus.
Britain.
British Airways said it canceled the total of 30.
But 30, man.
Riving into perting flights at terminals 1 and 4 is a result of the walkout.
All check-ins have been suspended at Heathrow's terminal 1 and terminal 4 British Airways said flights take off and landing are suspended as well.
30 flights.
But 30, man.
In and out of Heathrow's terminal has been canceled 14 incoming flights that haveverted to other airports.
The airline later said it canceled all flights to Europe.
The union for most of the airports workers, Britain's transport and general workers union, meanwhile, issued a statement saying the action was not backed by the union had been planned.
Now they just got PO, whatever.
Maybe somebody peed on their skull or something.
Maybe somebody took away their skull and concert ticket.
The food and how they're off.
I mean, why would you want to go to Britain in the first place, see what your stodgy old brits, oh, God, somebody.
Maybe they want to go see the queen.
Well, I got news where you can come up here and see a lot more queens here.
Good God.
I have never, other than my one trip, two trips, I mean, the San Francisco, which I'll never go back.
I have never seen so many queens, but that's another story.
You fare for another day.
Speaking of that, female circumcision surfaces in Iraq, a German aid group finds the first solid proof of the practice, thought to be prevalent in the Middle East.
I don't want to say that there are people doing barbaric things over there.
You know what kind of people do barbaric things?
Religious deaths?
Barbarians.
Oh, that's too easy.
Suddenly an arid plane southeast of Kirkuk, Haseer, looks like a place for a second by time.
Sheep and will pass mud brick houses, and the odds sickly palm free shades children's games.
There is no electricity.
Yet along with 39 other religious and this region that Iraq's Kurds have named Jermian, meaning hot place, Haseer and its people have become noted for presenting the first statistical evidence in Iraq of the existence of female circumcision or female genital mutilation, FGM, as critics call it, as if there's some debate.
We all knew Jermian was one of the areas most affected by the practices, Thomas von von der Austensocken, director of the...
Ah, Thomas von der Austensocken, director of a German non-governmental organization called WADI, which has been based in a record for more than a decade.
Oh, you won't believe this.
Of the 1554 women and girls over the age of 10 interviewed by WADI's local medical team, 907 or more than 60% said they had the operation.
The practices noted exist throughout the Middle East, especially in northern Saudi Arabia, southern Jordan and in Iraq.
There is also a circumcised of the substantial evidence to suggest its president Syria, West in Iran and southern Turkey.
But while this practice was suspected in the region, there was never solid proof that the procedure was so prevalent, and it was not.
We got it on our website. Don't we have this story on there, I believe?
Yeah, I believe we do.
Why don't we need the whole thing?
My God, it's just...
Yeah. It's probably just reasons. You want to find out more about it.
And of course, like I said, the only people who do the perform such grotesque operations are barbarians who do barbaric things.
Speaking of barbaric people, members of the commission that uncovered the government's failures to share intelligence among agencies before the 9-11.
Thanks. Want to know whether the US Defense Intelligence Officials knew for more than a year that four of the hijackers are part of an al-Qaeda cell but failed to tell law enforcement.
We handled and co-chirmed that they now dispensed commission said Tuesday that members of the 9-11 commission were statement by the end of the week.
After reviewing claims that defense intelligence officials had identified ringleader Muhammad Ahtah and three of the other hijackers.
The 9-11 commission did not learn of any US government knowledge, part of the 9-11 of surveillance of Muhammad Ahtah or his cell said Hamilton, former Democratic Congresswoman from Indiana.
Had we learned of it, obviously it would have been major focus of our investigation.
The commission's been poured on the terrorist attacks released last year.
Trace government mistakes that allowed the hijackers to succeed among the problems the commission cited was a lack of coordination across intelligence agencies and we use the term intelligence very loosely.
Representative Kurt Weldon, Pennsylvania Republican Services Vice Chairman of the House Armed Services and Homeland Security Swinney, said a classified military intelligence unit known as Abled Danger identified the men in 1999.
That's an earlier link to Al-Kradah than any previously disclosed intelligence about Ahtah if the information which Weldon said came from multiple intelligence sources is true.
A group of 9-11 widows called the September 11 advocates issued a statement Wednesday saying they were horrified to learn that further possible evidence exists and their disappointed 9-11 commission report is incomplete and illusory.
Illusory. Kind of like that 790 station, their whole concept is illusory.
I love illusory. The revelation of this information demands answers that are forthcoming clear and concise to statement said the 9-11 attacks could have been should have been prevented and I'll say amen to that.
With the 9-11 commission dispended for a year under provisions of the legislation that created it, some of the panel's members have said congressional committee should investigate Weldon's assertions according to Weldon Abled Danger identified Ahtah, Mar-1 Al-Shehi, Colleague Al-Mithar and Nawaf Al-Hazmi as members of the, they all sound the same.
As members of the SEL and Unicode name Brooklyn because of some loose connections to New York City.
Weldon, no relation to a former FSU court about Casey Weldon said that in September 2000 Abled Danger recommended that its information on the hijack is beginning to be FBI so they could bring that cell in and take out the terrorists.
However, Weldon said the Pentagon lawyers rejected the recommendation because they said that Ahtah and the others were in the country legally so information on them could not be shared with law enforcement.
Yamama, Weldon did not provide details on how the intelligence officials, but if he got to us as a pod here and-
Weldon did not provide details on how the intelligence officials identified the future hijackers and determined they might be part of a terrorist cell.
The Defense Department document shown to an AP reporter too, they said the Abled Danger team was set up in 1999 to identify potential al-Qaeda operatives for the US Special Operations Command.
At some point information provided to the team by the Army's information dominant center pointed away possible al-Qaeda cell in Brooklyn.
However, because of concerns about pursuing information on US persons, a legal term that includes US citizens as well as foreigners in the country for permanent residents, Special Operations Command did not provide the Army information to the FBI.
It's unclear whether the Army provided information to anybody else.
How do you like that? Could have been prevented? Was it prevented? No.
I have a feeling that some people were- I don't want to say they were pleased, but I think they might have been kind of pleased.
I like looking the other way. US citizens see the rapids eye, why they have never been there? No. I have. I was.
You ran across the river from Omaha. If you rave about that. Okay, you make all the fun. If you discussed Omaha with anybody. No. Since you're like on a friend to the Jocqueocracy, they were QAIM.
You ought to talk to someone and be like, I'm trying to think of like your friend Joseph Gatti. Like your friend the beast.
Oh, your little friend the beast. He's going to Omaha. Yeah. I said I'm sure for the college world series. There's some good time.
I'm not talking about the college world series, although that is the five trips I made to Omaha. We're all for that purpose.
But the fact of the matter is a fine town with fine people with great restaurants. And you'd like it. I'm just telling that right now. It's not what you think it is.
And at least this goes back last time. I was there with like 80, I don't know, 87, two or three.
And then of course, what I'm doing the TV games with Bob Greacy. And once they put Greacy on the telecast, the Kings didn't even make the name college world series.
I just go and Bob you boring turd nice glasses though. Remember when he tried to do the thing with the windshield wipers on his glasses or is that that's the true story.
Bob Greacy, the former dolphins quarterback once upon a time in fact, mad dog could verify this. They try to think what it like.
These little miniature so like in the rain. He could see some because he wore glasses when he played. You understand.
Little many when when she went white person on his glasses. Can you see it now? Yeah. How's the brain greasy doing?
US district judge Linda Reed had a chance to see the courtroom from a different perspective, but she didn't make the cut.
Reed was called for jury duty on Monday in the criminal case in Lim County District Court in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
When prosecutor Jerry Vander Sandin asked her is if any of them knew him Reed replied that she did. He then asked Reed if she'd have any problem sitting in judgment.
I do it every day. She said although she was rejected for the jury. Reed wasn't to disappointed. One judge per courtroom is none of that.
So a judge can't say about a jury. And you think that a judge would probably be a perfect person to sit on a jury. Wouldn't you? You'd think that as opposed to some shrub like these two idiots that want to write the book now about Michael Jackson member asked to write right on Tuesday.
You see this crap going on. And the one the guy. Well, both of them and a woman remember when they had their old wants the verdict came in.
We don't want to eat bothered where you and then like an hour later they're holding the press conference. The whole bunch of them.
They couldn't get enough of their 18 seconds of international fame, including especially these two guys.
Well, I'm sure that he must and other children, but but a bit but a bit of a we couldn't prove in this particular case.
And by the way, please fire book.
12 minutes passed. What at 560 Q.A.M.
This is Neil Rogers.
Abu Gaur, ready.
All right.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a factory pack.
I don't care if they eat from my rack to see us.
You'd use to the torture cause they're just laying their game.
Oh.
In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who's saved.
No.
We got a shot at 600 votes on a pool.
They're purple star and golden star from Goldstar Purple Jelly Bean.
Trying to beat it here and what's yours to pay.
I love to join tonight.
I love to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel all right.
I smoke to your time of week.
I smoke to your time of war.
I smoke to yours before I smoke to yours.
I say I smoke to yours.
Oh, my daddy, he was so mean.
He said you'd be my lookin' man.
But my mom asked me what's so mean.
He said you'd do me better if you can.
He said you wanted to be my kid for me.
And said, yeah, I smoke good and I'm a fine.
But first take care of him.
So now I smoke to yours when I get him.
In the star I smoke to yours.
I smoke to yours when I play video games.
And that's every chance I was in force.
I smoke to your time of war.
I smoke to yours from his time of war.
I smoke to yours before I smoke to yours.
I say I smoke to yours.
Oh, my daddy, he was so mean.
He said you'd be my lookin' man.
But my mom asked me what's so mean.
He said you'd do me better if you can.
So now I say I smoke to yours when I get him.
So now I say I smoke to yours when I get him.
And said, yeah, I smoke good and I'm a fine.
So now I smoke to yours when I get him.
And that's why I smoke to yours every morning.
I smoke to yours that night.
I smoke to yours in the afternoon.
He said, yeah, yeah, alright.
I smoke to yours in time of peace.
I smoke to yours before I smoke to yours.
And said I smoke to yours.
Oh, my daddy, he was so mean.
Oh, oh, my daddy was so mean.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Everybody, everybody get that job,
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
I'm going to get you a little bit more.
Speaking of that, you got another one for the pull of gun nuts.
Okay. Right?
All right.
Like Tau Keston, we used to be afraid of him until he couldn't find his way home
because he kept giving all of them out of the spanned expanse.
Did you notice that in a movie where it's either am I the only one?
I don't know.
I'm not going to say we're like phara slacks.
They were what?
Like phara.
I don't know.
His whole body looked like Spandex.
He looked almost as bad as Kirk Douglas then, Larry King last night.
Well, I started to talk about that before I'm glad I stopped.
Oh, geez.
I watched about 15 seconds of the band.
Michael Douglas on the split screen, and there was Kurt who's had the bad shrimp.
He's like, even worse than Ralph Canary.
He can't speak at all.
His earlobe, his whole face looks like silly putty.
Even in Tussos last museum, those stiffs look better than he.
He's looking bad.
We like Kirk a lot.
Good Jewish boy.
Oy!
But nevertheless, I bet you nobody ever peed on his home entotion.
But we know it.
The Forstar Army.
Now here at Sea, you can either believe that story from prison planet that I read in the first hour
about the general, about the dismissal general, or here's the other version of it.
The Forstar Army general who was fired this week has been romantically involved with a civilian woman
while separated from his wife as Attorney said yesterday, Lieutenant Colonel Dave Robertson.
The Attorney for General Kevin Burns said the woman was not connected to the military
and relationship presented.
He challenged the severity of the punishment for Burns 52, who was three months from retirement.
When he was fired at it as head of a training and document command, he had served for 36 long, excruciating years and they fired his ass.
The Army announced that his missile Tuesday after reviewing the report of a defense department investigation
it gave no reason that Army spokesman Paul Joyce cited personal conduct.
We were surprised that the dismissal based on our reading of the findings of investigation Robertson said
he said the relationship of violation of adultery regulations was the only allegation of an improper relationship
of the investigation.
He wouldn't comment whether he plans to challenge the firing.
Joyce said the Army has nothing further to say.
Burns firing is rare for a Forstar general.
Robertson said a more appropriate punishment would have been early retirement or a letter of reprimand.
Scott Silliman, a former Air Force lawyer, is not a law professor at Duke University said,
Burns dismissal probably was influenced by a six scandal in January.
The Air Force's top lawyer, Major General Thomas Fiskus, was dismissed and demoted two ranks for affairs over a 10-year period.
Given a problem with that earlier situation, Silliman said the Pentagon had no choice but to make this public.
His name is SILLIMAN. How would you pronounce it? Could be Silliman, but it also could be Silliman as in Dufairi.
Right? Right.
Let's say Jean Rogers says, oh, my biggest fear is driving to Miami.
Now that's a good one. Sure. We can just say driving in south Florida.
Yeah, driving in south Florida is good.
Between all the, you know who's without licenses.
You don't mean illegal aliens do you, Jean?
And insurance driving in the wrong lane, the speed wise, not Silliman.
Miami acts in a capital of the world and says you can add vocab for a different reason.
Different reasons.
Oh, okay. Thanks a lot, Jean. What did you say? It's a good one.
Driving in south Florida. A lot of people are scared of that and with good reason.
Williamsburg and Turkey. Well, I'm going to tell you the deep souths here.
I don't want to change too much. Hoping to stay out of trouble.
18-year-old Joe Moses replaced his name. Joe Moses.
I like it. Replace his spiky Mohawk hairstyle with a crew cut as he prepared to return to school this week.
And Moses, are you telling me the kids are back in school already?
Oh, yeah.
It's the eleventh of August, man.
The handouts surround the news in the minute about all the kids going back to school through early and being all p.o.d.
About it and how bad it is.
Too bad. Oh, you like it. Yeah.
Yeah, but you got to get up real early now. Whatever.
Fourth.
Had Moses kept a punky haircut, he could have faced suspension in a renew policy adopted by the Williamsburg and Turkey Independent School District.
I love the thing and really didn't want to get rid of it, Moses said, but it's my senior year.
And I was trying not to get suspended. Oh, don't get suspended.
The school district, like a few others in Kentucky, is banned exotic hair styles and colors.
According to the Williamsburg District Handbook, other kinds of hair disrupt the educational process and can represent certain groups or gang membership.
Oh, God.
Not the worst in that gang hair.
We're trying to teach obedience and conformity. Williams' principal, Joy Maxson, we don't expect all conformity.
We don't expect much resistance punishment when we're in order to adapt hair to meet the standard to suspension from school according to school handbook.
Don't get suspended.
Hair style guidelines are the exception of Kentucky schools.
Those of the state doesn't monitor such policies.
In Jefferson County, some schools have rules prohibiting facial hair, dyed hair and extreme hair styles.
Now, who decided that they hair style experts decided to have like a committee?
Yeah, it's a whole bunch of gay guys.
Who decided that you have an extreme hairstyle?
Maybe they need an extreme makeover.
Or in Kentucky, an extreme over which I think is what the kids are getting from the adults.
Pretty sad.
Zion America, baby, it really sucks.
The fascist USA.
Let's just play that the rest of the day.
I'm not just talking about two o'clock. I'm talking about all day.
You know, we know what you meant, clearance.
This show's got listeners. We got numbers.
I understand.
A Los Alamos National Laboratory worker was placed on leave pending an investigation after two other employees
in the health corrosive acid fumes, but managers were notified until weeks later.
The nuclear weapons lab also is investigating cases which an employee failed to follow procedures
and allowed low levels of radioactive material to contaminate locations you visited in two other states.
The two workers who inhaled acid fumes had been working in June with a mixture of concentrated nitric and hydrochloric acids
that used an etching out of the procedures lab sent to stay in this week.
One employee had prolonged respiratory symptoms and was hospitalized for six days.
The other experienced only temporary shortness of breath.
Los Alamos officials did learn the exposure to August the Turret after the employee who was hospitalized
returned in July and informed the medical staff.
Lab spokeswoman Kathy D. Lucas said yesterday she couldn't release details on the employee who was placed on leave or stay.
Why that worker was idle because the case is still under investigation.
She sent the police to avoid.
They're sniffing it in Los Alamos.
Something's things.
We got a hell of a shot at 600 votes on a poll today during the show which for this time of the year,
found a way to restratford your real comedian, real clown.
He's serious about that too.
He always loves placing a blame on me for his own failures.
You know that's okay, we like it, Troy.
Just like the sales department can't get the job done.
Couldn't close the door much less a sale.
We got a shot at 600 votes.
You know that, Josh?
Oh, we got it.
I know.
I didn't think you looked.
607 already, man.
We got a shot at 45 minutes if we really push it.
This is the new Rogers.
This is 5.16.
I give you a kiss.
I'll do it.
All right, all right.
Goodbye, King Fudg.
You got your smart little body.
It's so nice to know that at least one salty diet
that was protected by the food-crime flow.
I hope you're faring upside down.
So you can see your oil.
There's a few that still remember what you saw.
The bastards did on 9-11-2001.
I bet Tyler was said when animals can't start a battle.
That you and she is food.
Like the bigger we get from push and kiss your criminal view.
Or this girl around for this lady.
We'll get a sweet pass.
If you're going to see any perfect retro gas.
Show them up to serve the pain.
Brackum.
Baby, launch a couple missiles.
Toward a place we know.
No, no, no.
Name a madame.
Who's her name begins with a note?
There's one thing we all understand.
Your health data won't be finished.
Until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase them round forever
With our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
You throw only need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense.
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
That's the best, that's the best, that's the good.
How can it even eat a nuclear tail?
Why don't we stop pussy food?
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
I'm saying Saudi Arabia on Friday and then Monday, Pakistan.
What do you say?
I hate to deal.
For your pull somebody says sharks.
Kind of like Jonathan on a guiding light.
But they swear them all the way out to rescue what's your name.
God is there getting prondorous.
Medford athlete dies at practice.
This cheerleader 14 was thrown in the air landed chest down.
Now you're going to come up with some really very important.
I was in the father of that.
Yeah you would.
Not me.
Two spray mass.
A 14 year old Medford girl died yesterday after a stuntman wrong
in a cheerleading practice authority said the girl actually burns.
Oh, just strain yourself.
An upcoming ninth grader at Medford Vocational Technical High School died after being thrown in the air
and landing chest down in the arms of fellow cheerleaders during conditioning class at the East
Elite cheer gym.
Tuxbury Fire Chief Richard Mackie said firefighters were called about 4.50 in the PM and Burns was talking
when Fair Medics arrived.
She said she thought she had the wind knocked out of her.
She was talking about her condition worsened rapidly.
Mackie said she was having trouble reading and laws.
Consciousness.
Carmedics took the girl to Saints Memorial Medical Center in Lowell, mass.
Or she was pronounced dead at 6 p.m.
And like that.
Just to do a little cheerleading and about a thing.
She's the last thing she said was.
I'm dying out of here.
What was that?
Magic.
What was the problem?
I don't understand.
They caught her in her arm.
They don't know.
But a beat petaboo.
Who knows?
The journal in front of injuries.
Who knows?
Fact of the matter where she's dead.
Good lesson for you.
Don't be jumping around in the air.
Okay?
All your kids out there.
Stay away from the fact it's at number one because you're going to get lung cancer.
Remember two.
Don't be jumping up on the air and trying to show off.
Now here's an idea for you.
Especially starting October 1st.
This is a fantastic, perfect for Florida idea, even though it's from the Boston Grill.
And the story is in California.
From Simee Valley.
Remember the exorcist?
She said, see me while you do this to me?
And then what she said?
Close.
A man annoyed by a noisy car alarm fired at least three bullets.
Into a Toyota camera.
Silence in the alarm.
And bringing out police who hold a more in handcuffs.
Now you know what this is all about.
You see that happen all the time.
People park their car somewhere.
And for whatever reason somebody brushes up against it or somebody farts near it.
And the alarm goes off.
And of course the driver to car, the owner is nowhere to be found.
Right.
You know that.
You see it all the time in the alarm.
Like that.
So now, when in doubt?
David O'on Rive, 48, was arrested and vote for investigation of reckless discharge of a firearm and felony vandalism.
Sergeant John Adamschick, for said,
while allegedly told officers he grabbed his hand,
going to went out, went out to put a stop to the car alarm.
Others went and doubt.
Sooned out.
So I just said, the owner of the camera, a sailor who shipped the USS Theatre of Roosevelt just returned for May 8th month cruise,
was visiting a friend when he heard the gun fired about 10 p.m. Tuesday.
KCL KKL reported.
I mean, that's not a safe guy.
I mean, you get up, sit over in the alarm, over noise like that.
Then there's some little kids making too much noise.
You decide to do something like that.
A sailor Nicholas Morano, 25.
It starts with a car alarm.
It starts with a parking spot.
Then it goes like some rowdy kids making too much noise.
Police recorded the Ostemedi Avenue apartment building and Ryan was ordered out of his apartment by an officer with a bullhorn.
And only police department in helicopter.
But you notice they didn't knock the door down.
They didn't go in there like blow his crap away because he had a couple of ounces of pot where he shot out some other camera.
That's a good thing he didn't do.
Neighbor Ken Davis said he heard gun shots and looked outside to see, right holding a gun.
It was a little scary, Davis said.
I don't know what kind of mood he was in.
I didn't want to say anything to him.
So here's the guy that's just holding a gun, blew out the three shots into a camera.
And he's still didn't blow his ass away.
See?
See the difference?
That's my spin from the left wing spin doctor.
That was just, it was so pathetic.
You can call me anything you want in the world, Pali, that kind of thing you call in the first time.
You're still a murderer, okay?
You got blood on your hands.
You're very much like your president.
You're right wing president.
Butchered murderer, liar.
But don't get together and then make up a good story because that's what a lot of cops do.
Not all cops, there's a few good cops.
In the world, but they get together and make up their story to get all their crap, you know.
600 and some of our votes on the poll already.
I'm kind of impressed, 623.
If Josh would have really gotten in here and piled on if he'd have pushed it, pumped it up.
Yeah, we'd have gotten to like the 700, like, falling off a log.
I mean, does it really make a difference?
No, it's just for fun.
We just like bust in your ball, that's all.
We just like, just like pushing it a little bit.
And I just want to keep you being people awake in the otherwise comatose town at your inn, man.
Whatever places in, whether it's Kendall, whether it's OG, sweet water, wherever, comatose, coma inducing.
It's kind of like Jimmy Cifilis.
Hey Jimmy, you fray.
What are you most afraid of?
Religious Vananax 182, George W. Bush 147, Republicans 41, black folks 36, snakes 36, the police 24.
See how that's climbing up there slowly but surely police.
Pitbull's 19 rats 18, lightning on thunders 17.
I'm fearless.
I ain't afraid nothing 16 say that.
We don't believe in the course, but make some feel better heights.
Afraid of heights 13, gas prices 12.
You ain't seen nothing yet, man.
Crazy people 12 spiders 10, hurricanes 9.
Seminole's don't have any even gators.
What about now? What about that?
An alligator or a crock?
They kill herself like that, huh?
They kill.
Well, we got enough under already.
Flying seven, Greg Reed seven speaking of vicious animals.
Water five, hospitals three, the family priest three.
See, the family priest have a lot more but we don't have too many altibor is on there listening to if we did.
At least the smart ones, they'd be they'd fear.
Process server three doctors do bats one.
Driving itself, Florida and gunnuts, voices went under 623.
Pretty good total considering what time it here it is.
And Troy Stradford said there's nobody listening anyway.
This is Neil Rogers.
Miss is a boy.
By the way, so I've been giving it some thoughts.
See, oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better go with six to ten and not at five.
A gentile in the Franky Jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really died out of your mind.
You got to have your wee wee then.
Stradford to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the graphics together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm not safe.
But be true from Brooklyn high.
I've been waiting for everybody but you.
You're not high, try me.
We involved in that with love.
The way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive.
Who'd wanna hear a gentile?
And push it tight.
That's right, me to get there.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die.
But you're with me.
For me is much better six to ten and not at five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I'm going to die.
Happy to get there.
What can we be there?
No.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Exactly.
60-0-2 at 5.60 W-Q-A-M.
The owner of an ostrich ranch in Tucson, Arizona.
I can't stop doing that now.
It's your fault.
Two days ago we were talking about that song by...
We were talking about Paul River and the Raiders.
There was a lot of crap.
They were all right in their time.
The owner of an ostrich ranch is still can't say it.
His friend has shut down after losing a lawsuit against Hunter Balloonas.
He says, panicked his birds in a way lethal, stand peed.
There's nothing worse than when your bird gets panicky.
DC Cogburn owner of the Rooster Cogburn Ostrich Ranch says he owes more than $100,000 in legal
business to pay close to ranch along I-10 near Pecaccio Peak.
Or is that Peacachu?
Peacachu Peak, P-I-C-A-C-H-O.
Peacock?
That's what I was waiting for.
When your 25 or even 40 financial disaster can be a challenge you can overcome said Cogburn 66.
It's different when you're my age.
Cogburn's trouble started in February 3rd, 2002, in two large hot air balloons with their propane
burrs roaring, loomed over the ranch and panicked the ostriches.
The large bird stand peed and trampling 7,000 feet of fences, two dozen birds from a 16-100
bird flock died from injuries within days, and the incident destroyed the ostrich's breeding
patterns.
Cogburn said it cost him a $3 million contract to supply chicks to a Brazilian dentist.
An ostrich ranch is like a vineyard.
It takes years investment before each other's property said the contract was our breakthrough.
Cogburn sued Balloonas, Jeffrey and Lane Anderson, and their crew led by Roy Waltz in
2003.
I wonder if he was akin to Rich Waltz or Jack Waltz from the Godfawager.
But, you're a sighted with the Balloonas who said they maintained their distance from
the ranch and were within FAA regulations, eh?
Douglas pitched the attorney who defended the Balloonas City, felt for the rancher.
Some jurors told him after the verdict they believed the Balloonas caused this damn
peed, but didn't think they did anything wrong.
Kind like Michael Jackson.
Cogburn had hoped to use the ranch to produce ostrich meat, recommended by the American
Heart Association as a red meat, lower in fat cholesterol and sodium than turkey.
Did he eat ostrich meat?
Didn't somebody bring us some by?
Yeah, I've had it.
It's red.
And?
It's alright.
Very lean.
No, they didn't bring they brought buffalo meat, didn't they?
Oh, that's it.
And I give it to you to take home because it's...
Oh, man, right?
I'm not big on buffalo or even a cheek to waga.
He also planned to sell the giant brewed skinned thumes in fertile eggs and shells, but all
of his plans are up in the corner of hell in a hand basket.
A Reno man who long claimed to have played one of Willy Wonka's Oompa Loompas in the original
1971 motion picture now admits he was lying.
Oh, jeez.
As he dame, a high-fashion haired wrestler and art enthusiast, you're fairy.
Confess the fit this week in the interview with a Reno Gazette Journal.
He said the false claim seemed harmless at the time but grew into a beast of a deception.
It wasn't for Famer Glory said dame 57.
I never made a proper or an financial gain from this.
There is something so special when it travels a little person and they're not scared or feel they're looking at a freak.
When you say you play that part, they look at you and smile.
They see you as a human being.
Well, George can relate to that.
No, they don't.
And probably Maddie Bell when they look at you, like a little munchkin.
You know, harmless.
They laugh at me.
Right.
Dame said the nightmare began two decades ago after he put it on his acting resume under the advice of his agent in Los Angeles.
He was a young man in 23, 4 feet tall, 90 pounds.
A little munchkin.
Parts for the actors were rare.
His agent told him to pad his resume with an acting credit for Mel Stewart's 1971 film.
Willie Wonka and the chocolate factory said the movie was Dame's favorite.
He watched it religiously partly because it portrayed little actors in a positive way.
He needed to watch what he allegedly did.
Dame is an accomplished actor.
His credits do show up along with Carrie Fisher and Chevy Chase and the 81 film under the rainbow.
But not in Stewart's family classic.
Well, how do you like that?
Don't be a lie about the next thing.
You know, he was probably Timmy on passions too.
Sure miss old Timmy, you know what?
That's when you stop watching the show, wasn't it when Timmy died?
Right.
Stop the same after that.
Ocean Township, New Jersey, an eight-year-old girl died and three others injured Wednesday when an oak tree crashed down them during her first aid class at a Boy Scout camp.
Now, what were little girls doing at a Boy Scout camp?
I think God got confused.
You don't see?
Huh?
Maybe they were scouting for boys.
The girls were attending an overnight camp and the 31-foot tree snapped and crashed through a tarp over a picnic table.
The counselor had been teaching the first aid class administered CPR with the girls later pronounced dead at a hospital in Manahawkin.
New Jersey.
The other girls aged 9, 10, and 16 treated and released.
The victim was from a Dorolstown PA.
The girls were among a group of 17 children on a week-long learning per life program.
If they heavily wounded 600 acre Joseph A. Cita was that Cita, Scott reservation acquainted Ethan Dratty.
An executive of the Jersey Shore Council of Boy Scouts of America.
The group had arrived Sunday with the downhill Friday.
Boy Scouts won't have any way to dittle around with no more.
Except maybe each other.
I've heard stories.
The complaints are from major and frequent.
People on cell phones talk to loud.
They use them at inappropriate.
You realize that I have gotten thanks to the fact that I stopped taking those BS calls.
This is the last door in my pile.
Woo!
Why?
I feel like I accomplished something today.
Killed four hours pretty good.
Look at the pool there.
We got 644 votes.
There's your president.
Crawford and them.
Please, uh, welcome Secretary Rice and her team.
Yeah, but not Cindy.
I'm not talking about Cindy.
The complaints are from major and frequent.
People on cell phones talk to loud.
They use them at inappropriate times, which is...
Absolutely correct.
And the girls don't seem to care if they're bothering anyone.
It's called, uh, ice holes on cell phones.
The horror stories are famous to cell phones at funerals, cell phones at weddings, cell phones,
in class, and of course, cell phones in restaurants.
President Bush has a well-known low-call phone, uh, low cell phone tolerance.
He gives a withering evil eye to those whose cell phones ring during his public appearances.
That's about the enemies of freedom.
Right.
According to the cellular telecommunications and internet association,
nearly two-thirds of Americans use a cell phone, which means getting out of reception ranges
about the only way to avoid these irritating habits.
The guru of good behavior, Judith Martin, aka Miss Manners,
has a simple explanation for Americans' fascination with these flashing, buzzing, chiming gadgets.
It's like children getting new toys, she added.
But the excitement is over.
People should be over it.
You think they're over it?
No.
No.
Another etiquette expert, Marge of Bell Young's Stewart, said cell phones appear to be our inner rock star.
I think that it's making a lot of people feel cool if they'd grab around with this microphone, she said.
Traditionally, quiet places like movie theaters, opera houses, orchestra halls, and live theater venues
are now compelled to remind patrons to turn off their damn cell phones or other devices before performance.
Washington's metro rail system has put off signs of scourging and considered talkers.
Yes, we're all very interested in what you're having for dinner tonight, Reed, once time.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
A company by a picture of a wide-mouth metro rider yelling into a cell phone.
The second line says, please keep your phone conversations to yourself.
This is all too much for Ms. Manas though, she says, I look forward to going to any public event and not getting an etiquette lecture.
Some churches in Mexico have gone beyond lectures and taken the James Bond as this fluttering route to combat sacrilegate cell phone use.
The churches have installed char-rained cell phones, signal jammers to the thwart members of the flock who lack cell phone cell control during mass.
The jammers, they're jammed.
The jammers have caught on in Japan, India, France, but their use is illegal in the US, hey?
Because we like annoying people in the US because then it gives an excuse to like make our, you know, our field base, right?
You know it.
Starting out to over one by the way, no problem.
This is new Roger.
This is a typical and rape mode.
The door to door to door, door to door, door to door.
Is that more than I like when you're doing the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you do it.
You're doing the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Yeah, the way you would say to me?
Who's Dot sorting like when I told me,
yeah, why, why are you...
David has a old man,
Teaching me how to sell it.
Dot sorting like when I told him what to do to him,
how to lure him to rob guy
Stephen election Freud cast a Alt or W causes him to lose 10%.
This is how I should scam guy.
Did the door to door steal the door?
Door to door.
Did the door to door steal?
Achievement credit total $5.
25 bright You's half removed.
hide your friends and point the wait
scoich that's a chore duuush
scoich that's willing to die
scoich in the backyard
sasy, do you know what s�
s kost to do i think you know what to do
s Come on now give your friends to do i what
s sh Practs you just
now give your life
s sś
down the nose
Ohio unmute the middle.
There!
And the further away!
The mouth is hyped!
Are you?
It's the bridge that I missed.
Did you see that, huh?
To the fullness?
Is this the bridge that I was pressing to the liver?
To the diaphragm?
When you still feel pain in my throat?
To the duuous yourself to the audition is holding up.
To Breakfast isn't a bad thing.
To the pe матhal myth.
To be honest,
to my two young ladies I� play with years after without my ego.
Hey 10no jacks,
One the wet up and clean it.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
Oh, God.
You've to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I don't know where I was running.
I think I was running.
Tell me why you used to go.
You hid I did right?
Why me did you do my debt?
ikka Instagram canAUDIO
See?
The word that Doyle where his muskete used to be coming up next time we got Geltie at
4.
Marlon's on deck 630.
Arizona Diamondbacks, a major attraction, being at the same with Marlon's tonight
705, followed by the Eddie Kaplan Handicaping Show.
What are you most afraid of when we asked today?
661.
You see we could have made 700 Josh if he'd have really liked Leaned on it.
Hope I would have leaned on it.
Keep that in mind next time.
Well you're the one who's the road counter.
Leaned hard.
You're the Internet Sky.
The Legends for the night is 188.
We're scared of them.
George W. Bush 150, Republican's 45, Black folks 37, States 36, police 29, pit bulls
20, Lightning and Thunder 18, Rats 18, I'm fearless, I fear nothing 16, Heights 14,
Gas prices 14, Alcrazy people 14, Hurricane 11, Spiders 10, and a bunch of other stuff.
Bye bye bye!
