If it's free it's me.
I'm not my way to the car when I pull my folding basket out I give a free condo paper.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
Why you whoop.
I'm like God I love you, sport old booze.
I know everything that's going on with that ooze.
Why I even know all the new March on rules.
I'm hit to the judge, daddy O'Roo.
You guys are going back and pow.
It's a bad issue when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way playing me.
But when they drop my voice, we'll say.
You little smoothies and boys.
We'll be back.
We'll be back.
We'll be back.
We'll be back.
And oh, by the way, I have a safe trip to Toronto, Ginger.
Be safe.
Yeah, that's it.
Me four and a half years to figure out what most problem was.
It had finally dawned on me at the dentist yesterday.
He suffers from a really bad case of Ginger Vitis.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's a 10-01.
There's something really stinks rotten here.
It was 9.58 is what I looked at.
That's okay.
Haste and Big Rush.
How come they couldn't play like a comedy bit at the end of the film?
The time.
We would like what?
I would have been more than happy to loan them one.
I would like, uh, like for example,
like that, or the crap button.
Nevertheless, next time.
Anyway, let's see what we had yesterday.
We had 1950 votes on a poor yesterday.
And if I'd left it up there right till 10,
we went way over 2000.
That's pretty impressive.
Impressive, wouldn't you say?
Impressive.
Oh, I could say it way better.
Dog do it.
It's not worth it.
No, not worth it.
Which of the following chain restaurants is the best place to get a decent meal?
No fast food joints.
We'll do that in a separate pool like in about seven years.
Cheesecake Factory 307.
Outback to 94.
Man, they were like neck and neck nose to nose.
And Ruth's Christmas steakhouse,
which got a really late start, 177.
See, I never put Ruth's on this particular pool,
because I was thinking more of like more pedestrian places where, you know,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's a little unfair to look.
That most sluppers could probably go eat as opposed to Ruth's Christmas,
where you have to mortgage the house, but it's well worth it, boy.
It's really good.
But anyway, Ruth's 177.
Flag in 125.
I'll be damned.
I may have to come back to town just to try a plane against.
I doubt it.
No?
Well, I doubt you will.
I mean, it's funny, it's funny.
I always start planning to get...
I don't want to go through this again, but...
And then, in Joshua's drive to Bernoulli,
it's a wrist-rotted bar.
It's a bar in drill.
What is it?
It's a bar in drill.
Hey, by the way, Josh, nice job at those Marlins last night.
What am I supposed to say?
I mean, what?
Boy, he is surly, really?
What is the angle?
Surly, you don't have to take it personal.
I mean, you didn't pitch these last three games.
I might be able to.
Like I said, he is.
You might as well have.
God.
At least they're consistent, though.
You know, 11 on Tuesday, 11 on Wednesday.
And they won't give up any day because they got the day off.
Boy, I think we should just forfeit, because they would just be 9 and nothing.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, 9 to zip.
That's true.
Then you don't have to be head-stop for the embarrassment.
Just say their team is protesting and the machine is having a fit of old age or whatever.
And they just let the braves have it.
Braves already clinched, right?
Yeah, they already got it.
So that's already done.
It's meaningless games.
Why should...
Why should you take a chance at anybody getting hurt?
Or anybody else getting kicked off the team?
Houston's 98.
Chili's 92.
Carabas 74.
Cracker Bell 74.
Carabas from what everybody was saying yesterday must be really good.
Let's be the one you say you wait there.
I have that.
Yeah, I eat there all the time.
Really?
I do.
I'll be damned.
And you have to pay for it?
Well, my buddy happens to be a chef there, but...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Yeah, I still got a pay.
I just got a pay.
I don't want to pay my ass.
Get out of here.
Hey, hey, hey.
You ready?
You're not paying for meals.
Alhau 69.
macaroni, grill 63.
Moved up fairly nicely.
All the one I see cracker, bro.
See, I can't comment on Cracker Bell because I never ate there.
It's just not...
I think what I'm saying is...
Cracker Bell is...
Huh?
Because you know how when you take a road trip, your options are limited.
Yeah, like Stupis, right?
Right.
Cracker Bell is the best place that you could possibly stop at on a road trip to get to the end.
Well, I'll be damned.
Party, you know, like pot roast, dinner, or meatloaf or something like that.
Well, I'm pleased this pugs look at this.
Houston's had 98 in Olive Garden, which was right after macaroni, grilled, had only 50.
So Houston, thank goodness for that.
Reinforced my faith in something.
Roadhouse 46, Bonefish Mill 45, the red lobster 41.
Fae.
Hop's 36, Boston Market and TGI Fridays 35 apiece.
Tony Aromas 34, Longhorn Stakehouse had 32 vote.
Applebee's 28.
Hooters 25.
Now, let's say a place.
That's a Hooter bar with the food.
Sony's 23, La Carreta had 20.
Where's Las Vegas?
Oh, La Carreta passed them out even though George says, see, I don't know your Cuban stuff, man.
Listen, La Carreta tried to take you like, bris, and you just, you're a turn coat.
La Carreta is a big chain that's all over the place.
It's a big no.
The food here nearly as good as Las Vegas, which is perfect.
Better against 19, Smoky Wounds 18, Denny's 18, the Melting Pot 17, Las Wages 15, Tiger Ruby 2, there's only 15.
Pizza Hut 10.
See, I would disagree with that.
I mean, pizza Hut is not, I wouldn't prefer that for pizza, but it's really not that bad.
No comment.
I hopped in Bobby, Bobby from me, it was seven.
Come on, pizza Hut, it's so that those Pepsi people that you're so fond of.
Right?
No, I love Pepsi, but nevertheless.
Now, what is this, thanks, Lee, just, I mean, this is from a lender who obviously is doing very heavy drugs this morning.
It says, Vice President Bush's drug addict son would be a two-term president for the poll.
I'm assuming that's the best one.
Oh, I see.
For the poll, oh, I thought this was just a random thought.
That's already kind of on there with the neo-Nazi case.
20 years ago, it would have been, I would have been 85.
So that's right, Bush, that Bush 1, Bush 41, whatever you want to call him, that his drug addicts, it's some would be a two-term president.
You can put that on there.
I think that's good, I'll get a lot of vote on today's poll.
Okay, without further ado before I tell you about my latest bad movie that I wasted time watching last time.
And the good news is George also saw it and agreed that it was sucked.
And I thought, this can be like another free public service of the show.
Is that we warn you about really bad, bad movies so that you don't waste your time watching them when they come on a cable or God forbid going out and renting or buying the CD, the DVD.
That's an important service considering how short life is.
Right. I mean, you only got so many hours.
You know, on a big clock in the sky, you only got so many hours that the Lord has got assigned for you.
And of course, when your time is up as they like to say, that's it, but it would put a big one.
That's it. So why would you have won a waste of now and a half?
How long was this flick that I watched before I tell you what it was?
It didn't stay on here too long. It was like three minutes. It was too long.
Anyway, today's poll, and I thank whoever facts this thing yesterday.
In fact, I preempted why I was going to do because I like this one so much.
This one is a beautiful poll.
If someone had told me 20 years ago that blank, fill in the blank, I never would have believed it.
And I saw that immediately thought that's a dang good.
Can you imagine all the positive elities in there?
Right. So here's what we got so far.
335 votes. My God, it's only 1007.
We haven't done the first break in. We got to him in 35 votes.
Hallelujah, man.
What a great idea that Eric had by putting that poll up back on the top.
Right, Josh?
Right.
Eric, we really, how we survived that would be the poll also.
Who was more of an impediment?
Rimmer or Eric?
Just joking, Eric, relax. He is so uptight.
Anyway, if somebody told me 20 years ago that government would be stolen by Neo Nazis,
I never would have believed it. 121.
The gas would be three bucks a gallon, 56.
Water would be selling for a bucket serving, when the little bottles, 41.
I'd be stuck in South Florida and radio music would suck this bad our time with.
But third, man.
That we'd all have cell phones, 21.
That Neo Rogers would still be on a radio, 18.
That old cout.
That there'd be 700 TV channels, 18.
And that there'd be movies on DVD, has got, oh, and you're right.
Nobody's surprised by that because we've got, we've had this evolution of sound in the video.
From, you know, always take old, real to real tape.
Well, actually, before that, we had the Edison cylinder and real tape.
Right. And then we had like cassettes and we had the eight tracks.
And we had the VHS and Veta in there for about two minutes.
And then, of course, we've gone to DVD.
And one of these days, HDD, DVDD, DVDD.
Right. And then nothing.
And just storage.
Yeah, storage.
Well, we already got that kind of on your PV, with your DVR and PVR.
We do. That's the story.
That's going to take over and there's not going to be any light.
As matter of fact, later on, maybe right after the show, as I'm launching it a little bit,
I might watch that great CBC documentary, Big Sugar, that was on last night.
I was, like, was on, huh?
Yeah, I needed to teach you how to burn DVDs on your computer.
Why do I want to, why do I want to do that?
Oh, I know that's what I'm saying.
It's what I'm saying to you.
I say, oh, oh, I see.
Yeah. I don't, I don't have time for that.
So anyway, last night, I, well, actually, it'd be a much more productive thing
than watching that horrible movie I came across last night.
I wanted my 80's in channels, you know, where there's nothing on.
I mean, you know, I could have watched a Marlin game and it said 11,000 some odd last night,
Josh, what would you say about 3,000?
Not even.
Oh, no.
Well, you know, something I can't blame anybody for that.
The way they're playing the last week and a half, who would want to blame anybody for?
I mean, yeah, I wouldn't go avoiding the punishment.
Unless it was your job and you were getting fed free food, all you don't get a fed feed food.
No, I think they should have paid a seven bucks.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I'll tell you one thing as we look back on this season, it may not have been successful as we thought.
But when you think of all the free food that our audience brought you up in the press box,
just that one time, right?
Right. Troy.
Yeah, and you know, it was, it was a client kind of.
Yeah.
Bob, I wasn't just a pedestrian listener, it was a client who was trying to suck up Troy from Balance for Life.
I didn't bring any Boba Knuth, you've got a real feast.
Here's a good guy.
Keep coming up, keep coming up to the booth.
Which is kind of surprising because that was Troy Strapford's account,
so the fact that actually a good guy put up with Troy.
Now, Troy is in there this morning before the show give me a song of the dance about how he's been hired by Comcast
and he's going to be doing some high school football.
He's going to be doing the color on it, etc. and so on.
I don't know what color, but he's going to be the colored guy.
So nice going Troy, you know, something he, now I know why he comes into it every morning to kiss my ass
because I'm the one that put him on the map.
I've made him what he is today, a bald-headed ex-jock, flunky sales guy.
But he's moving up in the world.
He's becoming like a boardcaster.
Now, what was I just, oh, about this horrible movie?
He had.
Well, I must confess there were two ingredients that got me hooked and I realized that I'm not the only one.
Louise Fletcher was in it, which I love Louise Fletcher.
She was so great as nurse Ratchet in Cooke who's in it.
And she also played what's her name.
She played, I don't know what her name was, in an exorcist.
Yeah, whatever her name was.
The mother.
And she was also, I think, in Olman's radio or something like that.
She wasn't the mother in the exorcist.
What is it?
She wasn't the mother in the exorcist.
What was she?
She wasn't in the exorcist.
That was somebody else.
No, she was an exorcist, too, or well.
Okay, not the mother.
Who might have played the mother?
I don't know, I forget.
I'll look at it.
Yeah, you do from what's her name?
From Requiem for a Dream.
Oh, come on.
I don't either one of us know this.
You're the one that's supposed to still be living and breathing on the old fart.
That's what I smoke a lot of.
I'm the see now old fart who's a 20 years past Alzheimer's.
Come on.
Requiem for a Dream.
I know.
Jennifer Conley, Jared Lido, and...
Okay, anyway.
This movie, so I got hooked because Lily's Fletcher was in it.
She was, I think, an exorcist, two or three.
The one with Richard Burton that was really so bad, she was just...
But she was great as Miss Ratchet, and she's a great actress.
She has, unfortunately, taken a lot of bad roles.
So this movie, she was in it, and also there was this two teenage...
I love Elen Burston.
Very good, Elen Burston.
Who played the mother in the exorcist.
And of course, played Sarah Goldfarb in the Requiem for a Dream.
I love Elen Burston, too.
Anyway, I guess we were going to do the break.
Not having that crossover really throws me off.
And then starting two minutes early, hey, I'll tell you what,
I'm putting in for some overtime or heavy duty for this.
Miss is Neil Rogers.
Miss is 5.62.8.
No.
Take off those checkered pants.
In celebration of Black History Month, CBS Television proudly presents...
16 average Americans are abandoned...
...in the middle of one of the most unforgiving places on Earth.
Hey, baby.
What about...
It's survivor Compton.
Who will survive the drive by Voting?
As the two tribes...
...and the my baby daddy's...
...and the boat.
...compete for the immunity bling bling...
...and not get voted off the hood.
The violet by a two-and-a-half white man.
On CBS.
390 votes on a poll. Take a few could bet.
That's not bad, it's only 10-17.
Feels like a noon already done it.
I don't like that early start kind of jazz.
But never let us, you know, being the team players that we are.
Before we get to that awful movie...
...here's another good one for the poll.
I like this.
If someone told me 20 years ago that people would still be glorifying Elvis...
...I never would have believed it.
That people would still be glorifying Elvis.
The king.
The queen.
Whatever the hell he wanted.
Oh, he just super-mama till he was like...
...40.
And she was about 85.
Yeah.
Well, Elvis would probably tell us the answers to that if he were still alive.
Let's see, Jim says here's one for the thing today.
Inspired by the start of your program today.
Who is the squeakyest?
Oh, that's a poll, I see.
Who is the squeakyest?
Roxy, Gildy, Tommy.
It says the beast is out of the squeaky.
You know, I never thought the beast being squeaky to you.
Squeaky, clean lady.
Yeah, we...
...the charge...
...clearance.
See, I shouldn't call him that.
Clearance said that he gets a little squeaky at times.
By the way, if you looked at Horses' asses or about the brownie...
...no, I haven't, Jim, but I'll take a look at it later on.
Let's see.
Who would have told me 20 years ago that Miami would have hockey...
...of a dude?
Oh, okay, I guess he's talking about the Panthers.
A hockey team.
Let's do a hockey show.
So let me tell you about this great movie, The Anniversary Party.
Well, that was two days ago.
So many bad movies and so forth.
That was really bad.
And of course, Garden State was awful.
Which I think that's still on right now.
If I could just find a damn channel for that.
I could put that on.
I put you all to sleep.
The lecture charge put you back into a coma.
No, thanks.
Where in hell is it?
Garden State.
That's over with.
You looked out.
So bad.
Awful.
But worse than any of those, far and away, flowers in the attic.
I started to say before.
Before I so rudely interrupted myself that Louis Fletcher was in.
And so that gave me the hook.
And then of course, there was that teenage...
There was four kids who got locked up in the room in the attic in the whole of the old...
...by a mother of bitch.
And I don't think it was a true story at all.
It was based on a book by V.C. Ambrus.
I don't think it was a true.
Okay.
But anyway, so the teenage pair, there was something there for everybody.
They were like about 19.
I would say probably supposed to be a little bit younger than that.
But I would say they're like 1920-ish.
And she was real pretty and he was real pretty.
So I kind of caught my eye in Louis Fletcher.
I thought even though it set on the bottom on the info with only two stars,
I'm not paying too much attention to their stars anymore because if a garden state could get four stars,
I mean, you know, what are the stars made?
So I watched flowers in the attic.
I say much to my dismag.
I got almost from the very beginning.
And if there's anybody in the audience who hasn't seen it, don't.
Right.
Old movie in November 23, 87.
Here's a great review, Washington Post, staff writer, Richard Harrington.
It makes you feel so good when you find a review that agrees wholeheartedly with yours.
And in Georgia, read two.
Flowers in the attic is slow, stiff, stupid, and senseless.
A film utterly lacking in motivation, development, and nuance,
and furthermore, by embarrassing flat acting and directing.
All I can say to that is you are...
Yeah.
Absolutely correct, sir.
The only possible reason for its existence has to be New World Pictures,
hope that some of the four million people who bought the late VC Andrews book
will flock to see it on the screen.
Some 60% of that original audience were teenage girls,
and at the theater where the screening was caught,
the audience did consist largely of teenage girls and young women.
But even they seem stunned by the sheer ineptitude of the filmmakers.
As a fable about growing up and assuming responsibilities for one's life,
Andrews book had much to recommend, including solid workmen like,
workwoman like writing.
But the screenplay by Jeffrey Bloom, who also directed,
seems to have been written in crayon.
He'd like to have made it a shining, but, uh, career-wise,
this is going down as a shiner.
This was supposed to be directed by the way by Wes Craven.
It's where all the posters said when his movie came out, 18 years ago.
But then Jeffrey Bloom came and Wes Craven probably said,
you handle this piece of crap.
After an ideal family introworthy of Stephen Spielberg,
handsome father, gorgeous mother, two teenagers, and twin types,
tragedy strikes limiting the father forcing a suddenly penniless mom,
Victoria Tinnett, to take the kids to Granddad's house,
which turned out to be as big as Buckingham Palace only secluded.
But she's never mentioned the grandparents to the kids at apparently vice-versi.
Seems Granddad's dying and has already cut her out of his will after
disappearing the marriage into her family as it was.
Grandmother Louise Fletcher's convinced the kids are the devil's spawn,
though they look just like your average television sitcom group.
To keep them a secrecy, and mom locked them in the attic pretty much for good
while mom tries to win back Granddaddy's love, and of course, the inheritance.
In the book it all makes sense, but don't look for similar sense in Bloom's film,
especially if you never read the book.
His script offers no clues, no definition, no evolution,
where it's nobody seems to least bit motivate to do anything,
including escape movie patrons accepted.
When in doubt, Bloom resorts to such horror cliches as
long shots of the house in the state, or in Charles Adams' country,
and that wordless, tombless singing that's supposed to imply insanity,
spare me please.
Portennets absolutely ridiculous as the mother looking to obliterate her past,
and Fletcher should talk to her agent about these stereotyped evil rules
in which he's become increasingly tedious.
As for the kids, the inseparable cute twins, Lindsey Parker and the curly-haired Ben Ganger,
who actually looks like he could be Harper or Mark's son,
and those resourcial and determined teens, Christy Swanson and Jeb Stewart Adams,
you wonder why it takes them six months to figure out that something's not quite right.
It looks like old Jeb's are strongest in Oxtwell, maybe he's his dumbest one too,
and maybe that attic, which is as big as a condo and furnish like a Marsha gallery
of the imagination, isn't such a bad place to be.
However, any theater playing this movie most definitely is.
At one point, one of the kids complains that all the money in the world isn't worth the living that we've lost,
the sentiment should be shared by anybody who spreads a half a dozen bucks to see this.
Actually, what a great view, huh?
Who does that guy?
Who was that person, I'm gonna...
Richard Harrington in Washington Post, alright?
November 22, 1987.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Yeah, I just got back from Rome, India.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
You know, I got three really good ones for the poll.
Three, okay?
Yeah, one would be 20 years about what I didn't know the dolphins would suck this bad.
Okay.
Number two would be if poker would be so popular, and my third one is,
then Michael Jackson would be a white woman.
Okay, not bad.
That's pretty good and attractive.
How about that we have a Nazi pope?
Well, no, I knew that was.
Oh, it's gonna happen.
Arte, oh.
411 votes is not even 1030, I've got a boy.
We are really, we're just smoking here, Levy.
I don't know what this is all about.
We're smoking a really good stuff.
56670560, there must be 80's in things you could put in this poll,
but they're a little bit slow.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
You'll be pleased to know Miguel, I'm sure he'll be very pleased.
And also Little Tommy Jicke, who I guarantee you,
is sitting right there by the edge of the radio, doing a tap dance in his pants.
I don't have, you know, there's not much going on.
You know, the time to lay thing.
What is there to say?
That'll play out, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, well, not a lot to say.
You got a few, a little bit of a pile here, but not a big pile.
So we probably can take about 70, 80,000 calls between now and two.
They ought to be really good.
I'm sure like line nine, Dominic, QAM.
What up, Donald?
Yes, sir.
I want free poll, man.
All right.
That property in South Florida would be worth this much money.
Okay.
Kind of.
Okay.
Damn it.
Kind of boring, like I said, but we'll put it on here.
It's really boring.
Huh?
Yeah, but when I'm talking about the property,
it's true though, who would have thought that 20 years ago that property that, like a
shag on a street corner somewhere would be worth about 400,000 right now.
Who would have thought that?
In fact, if we'd have known that, I wouldn't be here right now.
Dominic, QAM, hello?
Neil, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got one free poll that last guy just stole my thunder, but I say that poker would be on TV.
So you have thought that's what the guy said.
There's two calls back.
Okay, thanks a lot, darling.
Well, I see the last guy took this guy's, so he's directing, he's reaching.
The poker would be on TV.
The people would be watching poker on TV.
Hey, if they'll watch golf, they'll watch anything.
Yeah, I would say that watching cards is a hell of a lot more saving than golf.
At least there's colors.
Plus nobody gets wet.
Well, Dominic, QAM, hello?
I'm West Side Gray.
Dominic, QAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, Neil, for the poll I have that, someone would want to jelophore it as a super disspresent in
US history.
Okay.
And that'd be W.
Okay.
All right, thank you.
See, they want to put a lot of, you know, which is, how about we just change the poll and
put just everything on their vassion book?
Everything.
Everything no problem.
How about we have a moron and we have an illiterate, doofus lying, devious, dangerous, yadi,
yadi out of all these things.
Avogar.
Yeah.
But, you know, put, put whatever you want under, Josh.
Yeah, it's already on it.
It's in your hands.
421 vote and they didn't even 1030 yet.
So let's take a look at that award winning.
Mr. Ginger Vitus is coming along at 2.
Moe Howard David, it didn't.
That the doors are back in town.
That just sends me into another dimension.
Another dimension, the eighth dimension.
Mad Dog, for a 630, you got your marlins on.
No, that's yesterday.
I'm on a wrong page.
I'm on a wrong page.
Oh, we don't want to have no marlin game.
Sorry.
You're getting it.
We've proved it.
I'm sorry.
So, 4 to 7, 3 hours for the mad dog.
Now we're talking some heavy duty.
Oh, right.
Boy, baseball season coming to a close.
He's going to have to go into training for doing 3 hours.
Hurricane Hotline at 7, at Bernie Cowsr, a steakhouse in South Miami.
The Beast advernings from 9 to 10 with his, uh, Hurricane Crap.
And Ed Kaplan tended to a kind of a pristine schedule.
This is Neil Rogers.
That solid, this is 560, QA10.
Come on, my cow.
560.
Oh, how did it become?
Look at that.
See that?
I'm a hip.
We played at the rock and roll of pop-pop music on my show.
Who is that?
A spring-team.
Yes, thing is the dog.
Oh, man.
That ain't no chasing in the dog.
Get that tazza right off me.
It's big.
It's big, say, a dog.
A dog.
A dog.
A dog.
A dog.
A dog.
A dog.
A dog.
Back, swedded, well-made.
And with it, with taxi dancers.
And then a worried man.
Got their pictures and a postcard.
Nevermind ya, Boronis.
And joining me today is a very spatial guest.
This man's like a god to me.
The inhibitor bitable.
Take William.
He tended.
What do you know?
What do you say?
Oh, I'm just ruling Maryland.
really along.
Pizzy, are you keeping busy?
I work at a bowling alley's cleaning ball return machine.
Those fingers taste so bad I'm glad I don't have them anymore.
You hear that? Anymo, he says. Anymo!
Oh, Doctor!
That's your right nut produce department.
Thanks for the heads up, Dad.
I'm going to do it all you did.
I've got to change these socks.
1033 2020 this time for me 411.
At 560 WQM, here's a good one.
If somebody had told you 20 years ago that Rick Sanchez would still be on the year on CNN,
no less, you just said no way Jose.
And the Rick Sanchez would still be on TV.
Got that? Got it.
453 votes and it's just barely 1030.
Man, we are kicking big smelly butt kiss.
459.
If somebody told me 20 years ago that the government would be still in Binance's 152,
the gas would be $3 a gallon, $69.
That water would be sold for a buck of serving, 52.
Actually, they were showing nice nut on that movie Sugar.
What's the name of the movie?
Big Sugar.
On CBC.
They were showing it in schools in the eventing machines.
It's a buck and a half for a bottle of water and only a buck for a soda.
It's just part of the scam.
They should make sugar people.
So in other words, well, you get the picture.
Yeah.
More encouragement to buy that sugar, that poison.
Sugar kills baby, make no mistake about it.
Sugar kills a soup car, man.
I'd be stuck in South Florida 44.
That was Georgia's choice.
They had told you that 20 years ago you'd like blown your brains out.
Right on the spot.
The radio music would be this bad 38.
That we'd all have cell phones 28.
That was mine.
George W. Bush would be present for two terms 24.
That neo-Rajas would still be on a radio 22.
That there would be 700 TV channels 19.
That Florida would have a hockey team and of course we got a pair.
Four.
Property value in South Florida would be so high three.
That the dolphins would suck so bad too.
That poker would be so popular one that people would still be glorifying Elvis one.
And there would be movies on DVD.
It's got the big.
Oh, that was also mine.
I apologize.
Somebody will vote for it.
Apologize.
So, usually for that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's see.
Saying they were caught off guard again by the number of people that need female official closer relief center early yesterday after some of the hundreds of hurricane victims in line began fainting and tripled their defeat.
They were sworn in over there.
The midday closing of the Houston disaster relief center came as officials in areas that had hardest by reader.
Criticized FEMA's response to the storm with one calling for a commission to examine the emergency response.
This is in Texas now.
This is Rita.
This is post-Gatrina.
Okay?
So if you thought they screwed up on the first one bad, you ain't heard nothing yet.
Across South East in Texas, FEMA delivered ice water and packaged meals to residents who wrote out last week's hurricane which blew ashore at Sabine Pass in East Texas early Saturday.
But the agency wasn't ready for the roughly 1500 people displaced by hurricanes Rita and Katrina.
So I helped with the Houston Center when we opened yesterday.
The center offering help from a variety of government and private organizations initially opened for Katrina refugees.
It closed last week when Houston was evacuated before Rita.
The line started forming Tuesday night and as temperatures reached record highs, some people fainted and had to be carried off by police and other refugees.
Nice going FEMA man.
They're on top of it.
They're doing it.
They're really learning by their mistakes.
I'd like to take all those FEMA people and sit them down and tie them up and force them to watch.
Garden State.
Wow.
Garden State.
Pretty hard.
Flowers in the attic and the anniversary party all side by each.
Let's see if they can survive that.
Steve says, if somebody told me 20 years ago there would be an internet, I never would have believed.
That's the choice.
Well, that's a good one.
That we'd have the internet.
Thanks to Al Gore.
Thank you Al Gore and thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices.
Of course, that should be President Gore since we all know he won the election in 2000 and we still have those ugly visions of them counting those days.
I think he was hanging chairs in Florida and cancer and Harris and the jibster that fed that governor helping steal the election for his dumbled brother.
Just stop and think about that.
Okay, stop and think about that in week.
And speaking of scaring the public to death, those of us who live through the turning of the millennium.
Oh yeah, the water is going to stop running and the water is going to go off.
We're going to have like a nuclear bomb going to start like picking off.
The flames will fall from the sky.
The food will come out of what's going to fall from the earth.
It's going to be a cruising mess.
Why two games?
We're going down.
When all the tutors go off, fly.
Yeah, all the computers are going to go offline. The internet is going to go down.
Oh boy, don't forget the boiling oil.
Everybody in a panic.
What?
The boiling oceans.
Don't forget that.
The oceans are going to boil and royal.
All not again, red cross criticized urge to share cash.
What did I tell you about the red cross?
As it's hurricane relief donations near the $1 billion mark, more than double all other charities combined.
The American red cross is encountering sharp criticism of its efforts in mounting pressure to share funds with smaller groups.
The complaints that red cross operations were chaotic in some places, inequitable in others,
have stung deeply within an organization that's proud of its overall response to Katrina,
by far the most devastating natural disasters confronted on US soil.
They're soiled over there at the red cross.
It's frustrating to see thousands of volunteers out there every day away from their families,
helping people since folks who were meant to be a goldberg.
We never said we were perfect.
We were just trying to do our best under extraordinary circumstances.
The frustration stems partly from the fact that the red cross has worked to avoid a recurrence of the humbling fundraising controversy that flared after the 9-11 attacks.
In fact, then the red cross raised about 1.1 billion.
It's record so far for a single disaster.
But the organization was a sale when donors belittly learned that 200 million of their gifts were being earmarked to prepare for future crises.
Rather than help victims of 9-11, red cross president Bertine Healy resigned.
The money was shifted by... I wonder if she's related to a Glen Healy or Mary Healy in Paul Lind.
No, not Paul Lind, Peter Lind Hayes.
She resigned. The money was shifted back to 9-11 Liberty Fund
and the organization promised greater accountability and future fundraising campaigns.
Because of that experience, Goldberg said the red cross has determined his massive donations for purposes its donors were asked to support.
These include emergency sheltered in food plus short-term financial aid,
but not long-term recovery rebuilding.
Such efforts had never been part of the red cross, he said.
You notice everything is somebody else's job.
They're uncoordinated. They don't talk to each other.
The left hand don't know what the right hand is doing.
Everybody's point in 16 fingers, usually the middle one, and everybody else.
We found out that the appoli chief and the mayor in New Orleans were good high school buddies.
Totally both incompetent, unqualified.
We found out that all the stories about the people getting raped and shot and were dying like crazy.
They were swimming like flies inside the Astridome and the Convention Center.
We were a grotesque exaggerator. Most of them just made up all of these things.
All of these things.
But nevertheless, see I'm thinking that maybe if they would have just let them,
now we know why they didn't let the media inside the super dome.
Now we know why.
Sure.
So they could just make up any kind of BS that they wanted to.
And also so that the media couldn't have shown to the world just how totally unprepared they were
and how all these people were suckered into going to these two locations.
And they had no food and no water and just grotesque conditions.
And there was like a nightmare, a total nightmare, but nevertheless.
So all this business about hey, have no fear man.
The government with safety, safety, the government is there to protect you in case of a terrorist attack,
in case somebody pees in the backyard, whatever it might be man, forget about it.
Because they haven't got a freaking clue.
This is new.
What are you doing ahead of the guys, George?
This is five six.
Of course they.
Oh God, Neil.
Goodbye, Maxwell Smart.
Would you believe that Don Adams is still alive and loving it.
And since pressing two bottles of his favorite in-normax, would you believe he's in Robust Helm?
You've been searching to see how about Inspector Gadget's feeling too well.
I think I've got a 99.
It's the old, wit comic who had a hit series with a bad airbase in a casket trick.
Hello, I'm Kirby Gopel, and I hope you're sleeping well with my final answer, E.
Stuka!
What a long chickpea!
This is chaos!
We don't want to hear!
Hold it right there, Zikreed.
Your evil friend, Forte, has to take over the White House.
No, never more to lay schmod!
We already have pushing them!
You're right!
You're dead!
Oh, sorry about that!
Hey, how's he doing?
I'm dying on the air!
145-560-WQ-A-M.
I got an article I just found on Spurkinchim.
I've been saying this for years, and it just makes me as pleased as punch and proud as a peacock.
Whatever that means.
I haven't always been saying that America today is a celebration of mediocrity.
Yeah, you've been saying that.
I'm giving an example, Josh, like an evolved game, where there's a runner-on second.
God comes to bat, and he hits a ground ball to the right side, and the runner-on second goes to third.
He goes back, but he goes back to the dugout, and they're all high-fiving him for grounding out.
Well, it's moving the runner-on back.
Yeah, he moves the runner-on to squirm it.
I'm going to tell you something.
Ten years ago, 15 years ago, if they did that, people would have said, are you crazy?
I just had a ground ball for Christ's sake, you morons. He just had a weak ground ball.
Yeah.
Hey, everybody's high-fiving. They're fisting, they're wristing, they're rya.
I can't say what else they're doing. Has something to do with the spectrum.
Ben Tripp and Spurkinchim writes, right down the middle, mediocrity is the new excellence, and he is absolutely...
Absolutely correct.
God has some right on it.
He says, one thing you can say for mediocrity, lots of people excel at it.
The same cannot be said for public service, which has become an oxy moron, like social security or spotted owl.
You don't see them around anymore, do you?
Lately, I, Goggle, I am the Gogg as we speak at the failure rate of everything done on the public diamond in this country.
This is exactly what I'm supposed to do.
You see, government doesn't work just like they said.
Even God has decided to give us a right-pancing.
The first MBA present indeed, mediocrity, where is thy sting?
Meanwhile, such companies is Halibut and Sean Bechtel, the same outfits that have made Iraq the playground paradise it is today.
We'll be reconstructing New Orleans with the same mediocrity they've displayed in their overseas efforts.
Here's the thing about mediocrity, which comes from the old French word for television,
derived from the Latin that media is middle and the Greek okris, peak or point.
Mediocre means middle and, such as a C student, for example.
But the word has a strongly negative connotation, or I would have found a different word like Schmendrick.
See, mediocre might be okay in the service industry, but if your president ever first sized superpower, such as the US,
mediocre just isn't good enough, not even for sub-uners.
Mediocre is a disaster.
Mediocre is only good enough for motion picture executives and sports announcers and stock brokers.
You can't run the world on mediocre, nor even haul a bunch of people out of a flooded downtown area.
And that's the point.
When America first topped along a hail and ruddy babe, excellence was the rule.
Great man, such as Benjamin Franklin, the Thomas Jefferson of pain, the Thomas Jefferson in pain, George Washington,
Erf Schwartz, Roosevelt, the Challenging Times, and created a model for a statehood so visionary, which survived almost 200 years.
Great men, the great women they forgot to mention in great deeds.
Now we're all the similar crossroads in history as often remarks splashing via my soup stain, Krobat.
And there are no great men in politics unless one includes George Galloway, MP, but he's not one of ours.
In America, we're fresh out of greatness, which is just what the Neocon movement is after.
High-re-bunch-a-party hacks, pocket liners, sick of fancy booze while emptying the treasury and running up the national credit card,
prove to the mediocre minds of the polity that government doesn't work.
You're doing a heck of a job, Brownie, George W. Versa, who was Petthema director, with George's standards as low as they are, he probably meant it.
It's a brilliant maneuver, if it's intentional, but I suspect it's just the same mediocrity that's sinking the country on an quantum scale.
Clever but visionless man and lover, scuttling around behind the wien-scutting dismantling of the government that's so that someday they can have their own feet in his and the hills of Montana,
or whatever wack-pated nonsense they have in mind, none of it will work.
They'll just ruin everything for everybody because all the mediocre people that don't have cleverness on their side went along with it,
rather than look like they can't follow orders from their betters, or whatever wack-pated nonsense so brings their bills.
But as mediocrity necessarily a bad thing, I mean, would only take a handful of people, a little extra in the brain to the department, overthrow these those orids, right?
No.
Mediocrity can't be controlled the way it outwrites stupidity or genius can, with geniuses you just give them what they want,
a proton acceleration research lab, a piano, some scratch paper, whatever, and they go do their thing.
Really, it's don't have a thing, you just tell them about Jesus or Mithra or whatever is going around, and they settle right down to watch reruns of Hollywood squares.
Mediocrity on the other hand thinks it's better than you are, talk radio and cable TV in the opinion pages of the big newspapers,
you remember those as bundles that came wrapped around the Sunday comics, are infested bedbug fashioned with mediocrity.
Some fool told these people they had an audience, next thing you know, they're brilliant, only they're not, they're still mediocre, but they're in charge.
What is to be done?
Buy my book, which only contains a half a dozen truly mediocre pages, but also look to the margins of society, not my book.
Even our above average folks, the frankvens of our time are emerging from the stews of mediocrity, and I'm sure they'll do a heck of a job.
But you go, I want to venture skin to lend the trip, what do you think?
Who?
Lend the trip for that song, you know.
Suggestions for today's poll, here's the fact that it's got four, that his Spanish without number blacks in the USA,
okay, okay, that could help would still be in power, yeah.
That's six years later, there would be no Berlin Wall, well we don't have to put six here, that there'd be no Berlin Wall would come down.
Right.
That no public official in Miami would be under criminal indictment, well I wouldn't put that on there because it's only, yeah, it's the end of September.
It's not 11 yet, yeah, it's not noon yet.
5.670560, pound 560, we got over 500 votes and had pulled slightly in 11 o'clock yet, 5.37, I feel like we died away to heaven, don't you?
I think this is enough.
I think this is good enough for one day.
Yeah, let's quit.
I mean, Hank gave us a little extra time there, let's get home, let's get home, what do you say for the mole master, for Mr. Ginger Vines.
Okay, let's take a couple calls here, I always do this, I promise I'm going to take tons and tons and I don't do it.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil, how about the fact that 20 years ago, who would have thought that broadcasting, Vagimatic, constitutive threats or our liberty and freedom?
Yeah, let's feed him a speech with me, a thing of the past, excellent, don't be giving that Vagimatic thing.
No, no.
Yeah, we can't see, no, I was thinking about that last night, how the public just sits back and take this so cavalierly,
stuff that we used to play at IOD 15, 20 years ago, right?
And that we can't play now.
Words that you could say, things you could play, all of these things, you know?
All of these things.
Right, yeah, that freedom of speech would be a thing of the past.
That should also be rising towards the top, right along there with the internets.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil, happy Thursday.
Happy forum, Palley.
How's it going, Palley?
All right.
I got 340 of Paul, I hope they're good ones.
Three.
Who would have thought that 2000 Americans would die with no smoking gun, one of them?
The other?
Who would have thought the twin towers would be collapsed?
And the last one, who would have thought journey would win a musical?
Oh, that might be the one.
Okay, Palley, you're redeemed yourself here.
You're a little wobbly there for a second or two.
That's what Les Cooper said, we're going to wobble.
I wonder who the wobble is, is kind of...
Waffle, what if we...
Well, let's go to the Waffle House and find out.
How come we didn't have the Waffle House on our pool?
Yeah, right.
Right?
It hurt.
Doesn't the Waffle House sound more than just breakfast?
Breakfast?
We should have put sandbows on there for good measure.
No, sandbows in a rock.
Don't give me that sandbows crap.
But there is still one lump.
The one in baby that everybody says, oh, there's still a lump in baby on the baby road extension.
And there's also a big boy, right?
Yeah, not around here.
Hey, big boy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, there is the one in baby on baby road extension right by 95.
It's either a lion's brother's or it's...
What's the other big boy?
Whatever it is.
Okay, I'll take your one boy.
Yeah, it's right by the Hess station.
It's got the Godfather's in it.
Okay.
You better get with it, Mr.
You better start to get in around.
Okay, making your round.
Yeah, you get in the round.
It's not that far from you either.
Right?
I'll...
You better start to...
No, you...
Making the tour of Hollywood of the community in which you live.
Be proud of Hollywood Resonance.
I am the proud Hollywood Resonance.
Well, I'd be embarrassed.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Even my mother was embarrassed.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
What is that all about?
W.C.Y.M. Ola.
Yeah, that's a good job.
Bonham on the ground.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Yes, sir.
And Neil, one for your poll.
Who did thought 20 years ago America would be fascinating with reality TV?
Reality TV.
Okay, excellent.
Thank you.
The people would be obsessed with so-called reality TV, which of course has nothing to do with reality.
It's all staged and it's all crap and it's garbage.
But hey, let's watch Survivor and let's watch the Fear Factor and the O'Reilly Factor and the Max Factor.
All of a sudden, crap.
And a rich Pactor Factor.
Oh, you know something we haven't heard from him in a long time.
No wonder I'm in such a good mood.
Man, oh man.
Isn't that true?
That is true.
You're close to personal for people.
I bet you want to say Paul, are we junior and rich Pactor?
We have heard from you the one who made a long, long time to which we say, yeah.
Not that we're saying it against them, but it's just to give it a rest.
Another four or five years will be safe.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got something for you, Paul.
Whoever thought the day would come when Neil Rogers would come on the everyday and cry about Bush.
Hmm.
Hmm.
I've got to tell you that.
Yeah.
Two.
Real cute.
That's why you guys do this complaint.
You're bucket-writers.
Yeah, but you're listening every day, Paul, and we appreciate it.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
It's broken evangelist.
I know.
It's broken, too.
I know.
Well, it's broken after...
...not broken, or else it'll not.
Because we sang this phrase.
It was rude to our father to prove this guy was great and讲 to us,
Forrests.
I'll go ask for it.
Well, I'm serious.
Have you ever thought about that?
I mean, it's a guy thing.
It's disgusting, you know.
I mean, that's great.
I mean, that's great.
I mean, everyone does.
Yeah, well, women don't fart.
Here's the fact that since 20 years ago, we wouldn't all be flying on, unless they're
at Woodbine, and then, oh, I just want to swoon.
That we'd be flying on supersonic planes by now, and have heard of believed it.
Supersonic planes, you know, like in the Chetsonis.
Yeah.
Let's see, for your information, Ashley Smith, the crackhead, was celebrated on Oprah
yesterday for her courage.
Oh, God, almighty.
What a meth chisin.
The author of Improbless Driven Life was there also to celebrate her.
Oh, you're looking behind the times, Oprah.
I guess you didn't know about the crystal meth, but that's the way that's got to be one of the,
I crack up spontaneously just thinking about that.
You crack up all the time.
You just got any weed?
No, but I got this nut.
Yeah.
How often does that happen?
Hey, maybe she said her life was a meth until she found the Lord.
Yeah.
And that what she said.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Who's it?
Who's it?
Any questions?
The chef is back with all the green games hanging out at travel council.
60 people with a show will share with the journals of bottom of the world.
Here we go.
Land out again.
The land and season is still counting.
Go for challenges for a new let's see a million bucks.
Get your graphic to read.
It's up, running survival and it's like all the rest.
Where the game is going on a matter of hiding.
It's just still in the game, but I'm on fire.
Fire, fire, all of them trying to win it all.
Get on survival.
Feel the drink, lose my two ways.
Feel the hell in front of she, oh.
She, she, she, she.
I'm like the first place in terms of sleepless nights.
They look like the first day of the day.
We are the first of them.
Now they survive because they've got TVS.
Not that they've been going on for you and conniving.
What do we do when I put up that thing up right now?
You'll be crowned the king of this season.
Okay.
New survival.
There's a lot of hope for a happy 30 day today.
The month is almost over. Can you believe it's almost October?
Holy moly rat man. It's almost 2006.
Here's a story that really frosted my ass.
Little kids like this.
What do we do with kids like this?
Shoot them in the leg.
Waterhill.
World Palm Elementary School was put under lockdown for an hour this morning after a fifth
grader called 9-11 to report that another student at the school had a gun.
B.S.O.
spokesman Jim Leidall said.
After searching each classroom and not finding a weapon,
deputies talked to the student who made the 9-11 call 8-15 this morning.
A student, one or more than a thousand, would attend the school.
At 1951, North was 56th Avenue.
It was a real pain in the S. School of Zone.
Admittedly lied about senior gun Leidall.
He just made it up and the kid will be arrested on charges of making a false threat
Leidall said.
And then?
Shoot them in the leg.
That's right.
Teach him a lesson that they'll never forget.
Shoot them in the leg.
Oh, no.
Shoot them in the leg.
Shoot them in the leg.
I'm tired of a punky kid, you know.
I said we need to exterminate him right now.
A lot of people need to be exterminated.
Let's see.
Here's one from Jonathan in plantation.
If somebody told me 20 years ago,
I'd be alive after doing all those drugs right beneath his fat.
So Jonathan in plantation.
Okay.
What does that mean?
No, technically.
Yeah.
I'd be alive after doing a lot of drugs or I'd be this fat.
Those are two good ones, Jonathan.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
And by the way, put down the breadstick.
Phil and Gainesville floor this says,
if someone told me 20 years ago that most right wing talk radio in the country would be dominated by right wing Nazis,
I never would have believed it.
I like that.
Nazi A-holes, he said, but it was a bad fact.
Okay.
That most talk radio would be Nazis.
How do you want to put it?
It's in Josh's capable hands.
He's under no stress at all because the marlins have been eliminated.
They're playing like crap.
He has no interest in any stale.
Got a day off today with a Marlin stuff.
They're going to forfeit those three games against the braves this weekend.
I'm sure taking Josh Corden's advice.
What do you think?
It's a game.
It's only going to be nine nothing, you know?
That's right.
Nine is it.
That's not too embarrassing.
And at least they'll be consistent.
It's not 11 no more.
588 votes.
Any moment now, we're going over 600 here.
Although I think we slowed down a little bit.
I'm not too pleased with that.
We had a 594, like I said.
And just a matter of seconds,
we'll be over 600 votes on this award winning worldwide famous pool.
How do you like that, Jim?
I'm sorry.
You old toad.
I'm thinking right now that we need to shorten down that crossover with Hank at 10 o'clock.
Okay.
Not because of Moe, because Moe is jealous of the fact that we actually are like each other.
In fact, most of the people in the building like each other except for a while.
Do do do do.
No, because I think it's an impediment to our show.
Not a knock on the Humper, but it's just, you know?
It prevents us from getting going, you know?
It's even the same.
Yeah, I don't.
And some days can be a little pilot.
Let's condense that down like two, three minutes.
Right?
I mean, there's not that much new stuff going on every day.
There was one thing when I was doing the summer Tuesday Thursday schedule and the Humper
night in the end.
And of course, he was on vacation half the time too.
So we didn't have much of a chance to constabulate together.
But I think we cut that down.
594.
I bet you if I refresh it now, we'll have 600 votes.
That's full.
I bet your life on it.
597.
Uh-oh.
If someone told me 20 years ago that the government would be stolen by Nazis, I never would
have believed it 190.
The gas would be two bucks a gallon, 74 people.
So that water would sell for a buck of serving 50 at 65.
That I'd be stuck in South Florida 50 along with poor George.
That George W. Bush would be present for two terms, 47.
That radio music would suck this bad, 44.
That we'd all have cell phones, 34.
That Neil Rogers would still be on a radio, 29, knocking Bush every day.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap r travel, royal r ride, royal r ride, royal r ride,
wnaqaam hello
yes sir
speaking
i'm great
uh... what about
the term that we ended governor
that is outstanding you told me that like two years ago at a said no chance
i know i would be twenty years ago but still i'm in shock as
i know the movie i never thought i got a bit of
it is scary it would be like uh... uh... uh... sliced along the president
very scary nearly although it would be an upgrade i think thanks a lot pali
love you
sliced all would have been upgrade the several several class sizes
all the terminated would be the governor california
but what i say when that happened i said this is the ultimate this is the uh...
end
this is uh... the ultimate moment in the coming down of america
or maybe not the only not that we have an excellent reason for we had runny
ray gun become president stuff like that but uh... that this translated by
city miles
at least ronnie was the great communicator you know he'd have slick uh...
with a few polish in the hair the slick delivery to slick look the whole deal
but the terminated can even speak english
and he has to really like it you know it's not here anymore these republicans
are all you for about his landslide uh... getting the willson out of the california
all of the change the uh... constitutions so we can have
uh... people were for an american president now that his uh...
his popularly fall on tough times is
rings are dropping like a like a bowling ball from the empire state building
now all of a sudden under the right wingers and all we need to change that that
we have to address that right away i don't think so
i really don't think so we have bigger fish
to fry
that fish
twelve o'fat man oh man he was not a mercury in that fish
don't be the food in all the ins man i'm saying that right now that's i i'd have
here you know feel bad for them people that all the other stuff but
do not be in that food knowledge
don't be going for that uh... key john gumbo
that mumbo jumbo gumbo because it is a gumbo is what they were saying it was
in that doing the whole Katrina thing it's a it's a
uh... ugly gumbo in the streets
and that of course is what's in the work of the
and what's the other one where they put all the stuff in it
gulage
no no not gulage that's on here and i'm talking about that like a
it's a soup all you know what i'm talking about what uh... what uh... what
but i thought all the different
c-foods in and all that stuff
c-foods outer
no booga bays
oh oh yeah
booga bays which uh... they got like crammed legs and people's legs and
all kinds of body parts got only knows what's in the review few drop-ins from
the hurricane
all boy boy bulia bays my ass
twelve and after eleven and five fifty-and-a-half you have a big-ugly bald spot and
probably covers the whole top of your head here's the answer for you
not one of those mousey looking pieces if you want people laughing the rest of
at you
that's the best way to do it walk around with a mousey looking piece
but if you want a great looking at air chuck out here is the guy you want to
call because what they got the millions of dollars or just a few
just two nickels to rub together
you can get a better more natural looking piece than Charlie's natural
hairline system for over thirty years now
lifetime almost as long as this copy existed
charlie's been doing it for all these guys with the best of most natural
system in the universe
don't forget now the most critical area of any hair system is
the hairline and charlie's new skin-like hair system is one hundred percent
and detectable looks like real hair as opposed to a muskrat
and charlie's work is guaranteed you have nothing to lose but that shiny nasty
bald spot
because all you have to do is try charlie system for a month for thirty days
after a month of the no other way looks and feels if you're not getting late
seventy eighty times a day return for a full refund make the call today
one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen
be sure and tell them that you heard about it here on the new Roger show and
get your special
two-way m-twentieth out of this kind of the regular eight hundred dollar
price of natural hairline system
you will look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
here's that number again one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen
be sure and tell them that choice for a tourney to call around the wicked
web its Charles alphiere dot com
this is
five sixteen two eight
absolutely
push the sword in the
fire
fire
push the sword in the fire
push the sword in the fire
fire
change the shed light of the past made it
he thought his investigation to win it
they were getting too close through the tower headed by the sky
and it's all about the two of us
and we're watching
pop
push the sword in the fire
push the sword in the fire
push the sword in the fire
push the sword in the fire
push the sword in the fire
if they don't it takes this corporate return
three thousand miles will never be a bench
because you'll bring washpunkies
also past no blocks
go slow then
then stop
said
pushing the sword in the fire
do
Bush is a salty butter. Bush is a salty butter.
They hate our people. Bush is a salty butter.
Bush is a salty butter. Bush is a salty butter.
Bush is a salty butter.
It's not your wish, your foundation of volume.
Exactly. 11-18. That took a lot of work when I did that a few months ago.
I was a labor of love, as Eric would say.
Yeah. A lot of drop-ins there.
Anyway, Richard Fett, I guess you're not impressed.
Richard says, the power of nightmares, parts one to it.
Well, I don't have that fancy piece of equipment like you got there.
The shortcut. You know, I have the strawberry shortcut.
Right. You don't?
No, do I want one.
So the power of nightmares, parts one, two, and three on the website, are not working.
So, Richard, I tell you to tell me that Eric had it straight-new.
No, I had to go elsewhere.
It says, can you have your webmaster fix it please?
Our webmaster, get a hold of the webmaster, please, and tell the webmaster to get with it.
The problem, as it was explained to me, is that the source that we were linked to originally,
that has disappeared before you have to go to other places and download it in different ways,
using BitTorrent, et cetera, and so on.
And it's not available in that form anymore, unless we start another website for the other.
No, I'll forget about it.
We gave it a best shot. It was on there a long time.
You had your chances, okay?
Richard, we'll all do a best shot.
Two searches and find it in various other places and various other forms.
Go on the CBC website, cvc.ca, and our guarantee you can dig it up.
Anyway, he said 20 years ago if you told me that William Shatter would be on him,
a hit show bossed in public and winning Emmys for it never would have believed it.
Okay, that William Shatter would be, uh, have a hit.
No, you don't like that?
No.
No.
I'm trying to be nice to Richard after we pooped his power of nightmares,
and he's right about that people ought to be watching it.
But we gave you, yeah, we put all the stuff on there and you won't watch it.
All you want to see is naked pictures, right?
And a lot of flesh and, you know, that's right.
And even I admitted that I watched that movie last night in part because I thought it was going to see something good on there
and I did not see anything good with it without Louise Fletcher and George Watcher
because of that hot chick on there in the box.
It turned out to be just a piece of crap, a piece of turd flowers in the attic, my ass.
You've been watching all of that movies lately.
Yeah.
And even the good ones.
My God.
Ooh, that was a shot at network.
Yeah, I was a shot.
You know, see if you had some psychic powers like I do,
you know that I have an envelope with your name on it sitting in the living room.
No, this is true.
Sitting in the living room right now with stamps on it, two Canadian stamps, eh?
You probably wouldn't have said that.
Probably not.
That was George.
Oh, that was George doing his best job for disinmentation.
Now what a job.
Trying to get his ass in the room.
Listen, you didn't like the movie.
That's somebody got a kill for it.
I mean, you didn't like the movie.
That's all I, there are many people I have talked to about that.
And people your age don't like that movie.
That's all I can say.
I don't know what that is.
You know, when you're an old funny, dirty fart like me, you're just astonished at that.
Anybody wouldn't like it.
It's just either, I don't know what it is.
It's a generation crap.
I have no clue what it is, but people your age don't like network.
So are you punks out there?
Anybody under the age of 100 don't watch network because you won't like it.
With William Holden and Peter Finch and Faith Dunnaway and Ned Baby and a cast that's just
unbelievable.
Who are we about?
Everybody means great.
But nevertheless, 649 votes on a poll.
That's what you ought to be constipated on is not networked.
That's what you're right.
There are so many bad movies.
Well, they just grind and out.
Well, you know, I mean, sometimes they're not, you know, I'm not going to watch exhibitionist hockey games.
I mean, I'm sorry, exhibition sporting events.
I just, what's the point?
What is the point?
Well, the sports has to get on.
It's like watching a porn movie where nobody takes their clothes off.
I mean, what's the point?
It doesn't count for anything.
It's like, like these last three Marlon games with the braves.
Okay, it's going through the motions.
It puts the motion in a casket.
I mean, why would anybody show up for that?
If that's the best you can do tomorrow.
And for this weekend is go to watch that garbage.
With all the respect, you know, I always say you ought to go out there and support your teams and so on.
But in this particular case, you have to be crazy to go.
You know, for everybody paying for the tickets, give them away.
Give them some kids.
Give them the charity.
Punish them.
Line 9, WDQAM.
Hello.
Show me the degree.
You can imagine.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm sorry.
I'm in the car now, the car lot.
This last weekend, Galloway was on.
I don't know if anybody talked about that.
Are you talking about Bill Mar?
No, no.
He was on CBE.
He said CNBC or not the NBC.
He's a big fan.
He was debating some guy.
I don't know if you saw that.
No.
Okay.
He's got a real mesmerizing way.
He talks.
I don't know if it's an accent or what.
Yeah, it's that British thing man.
It's that British thing.
Yes.
But everything, you know what?
Everything he says is true.
And until we actually mature as a nation and realize that we can't be hypocrites in the world.
Yeah.
He's great.
I say George Galloway.
Let's change the Constitution for him and make him the president.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Well, I mean, they corrected me.
They said, okay, the Scottish is not, is that something to be proud of being Scottish?
Well, it was chosen to be invented golf.
That's to end up the Loch Ness Monster.
This restriation is at the Irish.
I don't know.
No, no, that's all the Scots.
Yeah.
The Scots.
I think that's three strikes against him right there without starting.
So I'm not going to pick on the Scottish, but it's the British.
The British, it's like Charles Lawton, all those great British actors with a very Richard
Burton, a commanding deep voice and a big balls and a, you know, a disco.
It's a little bit of an authoritative.
As opposed to squeaky Tony Blair, you know, although, see in the beginning, after 9-11, we were
like respecting Tony Blair until we realized he was a total sellout because at first he
was a bit of a pun, and he can't speak very well.
You know, but it's a British thing again.
He's got that British effectation.
So he sounds very authoritative, and he's not one of those brits that talk so that line
me talk, you know.
So he actually sounds like, you know, but George Galloway is great.
But before the show drew to tell me you saw him, I would Bill Mar.
Yes, I know that this aggravates many of our listeners.
I don't care.
I don't care if everybody listening likes Bill Mar.
Just like Josh doesn't like network because he doesn't like it.
Doesn't mean I'm going to change my opinion.
And because you people like Bill Mar, I'm not going to change my opinion.
I can't stand him.
Yes, I do it a lot of what he says, but I still can't stand him.
He's hard to take.
Oh, man, he's just a little nerdy jerk who like laughs at all of his own material and
thinks he's very cute, very humorous and sucks Larry King suspenders.
And who cares?
Oh, man, I can't stand Bill Mar.
I like John Mar.
I used to do news on Kener 13 in Detroit and Kener 14 in Battle Creek, Michigan.
Who?
And Wab C in New York, John Mar.
Oh, I like news, man.
Hello, nice.
Hello, Mar.
Malo Mar was good.
Malo cups are good to his manufacturer.
I haven't had one of those in a long time.
You know what, I don't really want one.
No, I can't.
I can't.
I have this ginger vitus problem, thanks to my friend Malo.
No, really, I caught it from Malo when I was done.
I have ginger vitus.
And not bad, but when you've got diabetes, man, and you're eating all that sugar, you
see, I think you can fool yourself because you keep taking a little extra medication or
whatever, if you're on insulin and you keep your blood sugar with a certain lower,
you think you're full of nature, but you're not because other parts of your body are
starting like a dioveter, you know?
And your gums, let me say this again, okay?
I know you've got a lot of cute comments.
You can come up with this in pre-joice days, but you can't say it now.
A lot of gumming attractions.
The fact of the matter is this, your gums are one of the biggest indicators of heart disease.
I think we talked about that.
Didn't we from our first seconds?
Not that we want to get into a health thing because it's really boring and people like
Josh don't care about it.
Take care of your gums, Mr. Right now, Antonio.
Years down the road, you'll thank me for that.
When you dance in my grave, you'll say, oh, that old fart, he was right.
That old fag, he told us about gums.
How do you take care of it?
Your floss, okay?
And you go get your teeth cleaned every a few months, like a real dentist?
Oh, I got a great dentist here, man.
It was one of the greatest moves I ever made in my life.
I got a great dentist down there too, but, you know, they actually told me,
when you're up there most of the time, you're really shook of yourself,
your own dentist and doctor there, and I did.
And this guy was great.
And they did the panoramic x-ray of your whole, into your sinuses and all your whole inside.
And he said, boy, you really looks great.
And I said, there's one word to describe a gene, so I have good genes.
It's not because I've got good hygiene or because of the fact that, you know,
taking care of myself or right, eat right, which is a real kill.
Maybe it was that Mars ice cream, then.
Well, the one good thing I did look up before we do the break, I looked it up.
I was always wrong about the leader in the court.
Okay.
A leader is like about 95 or 94% of a court.
So it's a little less than a court.
Okay.
Well, is that make you feel better than I didn't eat a whole court ice cream the other day?
Oh, this is meal Roger.
My dynamo here is 516 QA.
Hey, what's 11 in the Pepsi and they took it back out?
They put the 11 in the Pepsi, but it's not there in the court.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they took it back out.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and these raised me when they took it out.
I said, mommy.
I don't like it with the lives.
I said, mommy.
I feel a lot less like they were the mommy.
Yeah, I haven't felt this sad.
Mommy, since they just continued to have made with 11 in the Pepsi and they took it all over.
They put the live in the Pepsi, but it doesn't taste the same.
I used to think that the Pepsi with my team used to eat my legs.
And then I would hover with my hero and twinkle-john and I would like.
Mommy, I prefer.
Maybe doctors, pepper would be better.
Mommy, doctor, pepper.
Does that mean that I'd be a pepper to doctor?
I'll be a pepper to doctor.
Maybe you should prove that you're busy.
Mommy, doctor, I cannot find you.
It will be great. Sometimes I wish that was great.
Hey, what's the lemon in the pepsi?
I think it's too good. I know where!
Oh man, they put something in the history.
I got your idea that.
That was priceless.
That was special.
685 votes.
We're going to have like well over 700 by the top of the air by a new one, man.
So a thousand is like foregone contusion, ain't it?
Yeah.
Wow. That is really special.
Anyway, speaking of putting the lemon in the pepsi,
let me just give you one more little piece of health advice, old Dr. Neal,
which I'm sure be the last one given advice.
And that is quick drink in sodas, okay?
Like my mother would say, quick drink in sodas!
Yeah.
Quick drink with the assugar.
Right.
Caffeine-free diet.
Even if you're not fat, those would be the say, well I'm not fat.
I don't have to have diet.
Let me say it again.
Right.
Caffeine-free diet soda.
For a variety of reasons.
Several teaspoons of sugar in every can or bottle of soda with sugar.
Several teaspoons, okay?
Calories up the in-yang.
And plus, of course, what it's going to do to your teeth and your gums and your health.
And kill your sooner or later.
There are a hell of a lot more people dying from sugar every single day.
And sugar related to obesity and diabetes and other illnesses.
Then we'll ever die from smoking fangots.
It's not even close.
Not even close.
So it's really interesting the priorities, you know?
So I can't wait to watch that documentary.
Although I guess I'll have to wait a few minutes because now I get a message from Muff.
That one of our sales holes wants to come into her two o'clock and pedal some account.
I don't want to mention Todd Greck in ruin your day.
Oh, brother.
I guess we just don't start confedulating early enough, you know, like 8, 20, 8, 30 in the morning.
It's not early enough for Todd to come in and do his business like all the other sales holes like anybody with a brain.
No, Todd's got to come in at two and like, extend my day, which already started two minutes early.
Todd, you jackass, you...
You fairy.
We should be able to stop two minutes early, like at the end, right?
I think that's a good idea.
Let's pass that two minutes right along there too.
In fact, that'll be the two minutes I'll spend with Todd.
We'll pass it along to my close friend, Ginger, Vitas, Jr.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Mr. WDQ-A-M, hello.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, I was just curious, man.
Is your boy Josh Kordist, the one that does that real estate commercial?
He doesn't do any commercial, but I know of.
Yeah, next time it comes on, if you want, check it out.
He doesn't do any commercials, Josh?
No.
No. He doesn't do any commercials.
It's amazing, man.
I can't believe to be one of that same dorky voice, man.
Yeah.
Check it out next time you hear it.
OK.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
About who just thought 20 years ago we'd have two worlds serious minutes.
OK.
You believe me, you believe me speechless?
I'm not.
You're not.
I'm speechless because there's somebody saying something positive about the Marlins organization
at a time when they're down and out.
See?
That's so untypical of South Florida.
That's right.
Like, whoever thought we'd have two world series, Marlins would have won two world series
is this, huh?
Yeah.
That's good.
That's good.
A lot of votes.
We did it.
There you go.
Now, what is this thing?
I have one leader of anything.
It's 33.8 ounces.
The court is 32 ounces.
No.
Whatever.
So, a leader is more than a court?
A court?
That's what I always thought.
I thought.
OK.
So, in this other fact, you're right.
Well, I handed it backwards.
See, I did on the comparison thing online and the other way around.
So, a leader is 1.05 ports.
Uh-huh.
So, a leader is a little bit more than a court.
Let's see.
Who would have believed OJ, who most of us like back in the day, would turn out to be a double murderer?
That's good.
That OJ would be a double murderer.
Or a single murderer, just a...
Oh, Judd, look at that.
John Roberts confirmed his chief justice.
Got it unanimously.
There's no difference once you're on the court.
You're either on or you're not.
John Roberts will be there.
I don't think there are a lot.
I'm going to give you an answer.
There was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
I don't think there was a case that he wrote again.
What was the hope of the...
And if you look at the Senator sitting at their seat standing up to vote,
that's also very clear to us that it's not often done in the United States Senate in fact.
It was unnotably during the impeachment vote to convict on President Clinton back when he was in office.
They don't do this very often.
So it was clear that they wanted to make this very ceremonial.
A lot of senators see this.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
They don't do this very often.
First of all, Christopher Hitchens is a pop-up self-aggrandizing elite who snob-turd at the right.
Galway is a rogue and damn good at it.
The man is brimming with testicular fortitude.
The battle of the bridge was fun to watch.
PS Network is devoid of car-chased crash scenes, blatant nudity, martial arts ballet,
and requires the viewer to think, listen and have some sense of insight.
Thus Josh hated it.
That sounds like a little bit of a veiled shot at Josh.
I didn't see a veil.
A thinly veiled shot at Josh Cortis.
I'll be damned.
I like that.
705 on there on the pool.
And John Roberts is your new chief justice scene.
RENQUIST FIGHT.
And the BORK FIGHT was the warm-up.
They just don't want to tell us what the vote was.
Not that it makes any difference.
Obviously it was overwhelming.
But I mean, wouldn't you think they would put that up there?
He's seven.
Today.
It's all in Republican hands.
All right.
They're almost done with the roll call.
100 senators.
We'll see how many showed up.
They went through the roll call once alphabetical order beginning with Senator Akaka of Hawaii.
Now they're waiting for some of the senators to come in and cast their votes.
And then it will be formally announced the final tally.
Okay. Well, we'll keep abreast of that.
We'll be glued to CNN.
In fact, I think I'm going to turn out one of the movie channels.
Now I've got to find something better in this.
Maybe we'll find flowers in the attic.
Find it where?
Or maybe at least we'll find the Maoist.
This is Neil Rogers.
By the way, the Maoist is poisoned with the arse that we're trying to find.
And then he's on the cookie and the kids are going to swallow.
Brahma, sapeza.
Dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove.
Dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove.
Dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove.
And overward, that deal is a federation.
He's got a lot of knowledge to talk about me and my wife.
Yes.
I don't give a bracket that's very much the same.
If he wants to hold things in, then I'll say, what?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo, I text the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I told him I'd come back and ask him out,
I give a three-kondo paper.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
The toys are back and cow.
I said, the toys are back and cow.
Why you will come?
I've got a whole new sport on the boot.
I know everything that's going on in the car.
Why I even know all the new march on rules.
I'm hip to the jay.
Daddy, oh, you're so good.
You said there's no one stop tonight.
You said it's you when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way for you to hear me.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
You little smoothies.
We're moving.
We're moving.
We're moving.
We're moving.
We're moving.
We're moving.
14 to 11, what we're less than a week away.
Or is it, yeah, next Wednesday October 5th,
Yoldi's debut is the voice of your Florida Panthers.
Anybody interested?
Oh.
Let's see, Helen Dale, man, right to the latest K-Mart jingle.
You see this?
No.
It started out as a Lark, a 20-year-old of the Red Blood of the American way.
Her life symbolized by a meat and potatoes, pick up trucks and K-Mart.
Maybe we can take Raymond to K-Mart.
K-Mart, and Cincinnati is great.
And that of the up-as-the-retailers fall advertising campaign theme.
I found love in a K-Mart store accrued by a country and western headliner, Darryl Warley.
It's like hitting the lotto, bubbled Helen Dale Beach marketing man, J. Shoreer,
who penned the lyrics to the song, recorded to a melody by four-lettered musician, Eric Worse,
and it's set off throughout the K-Mart to see what would happen.
It's unreal, he'd be saying.
Shoreer, who runs the marketing firm TMR Multimedia is the first of many, he's no musician,
but he can turn a catchy phrase and he knows marketing.
The song which has been reworked and polished by Warley resulted from Shoreer's strategy
to tailor tunes around brands as the way to squeeze extra miles out of well-known names.
K-Mart and its big red K-inscribed him to compose the tale of a passerby
who becomes so enamored of an employee that he follows her inside down aisle four,
only to find out she's got a boyfriend.
Country and Western is the greatest storytelling vehicle, Shoreer said,
and is made of New Yorkers, breathless rush, that's to buy 31 years in Florida.
And K-Mart to me immediately evokes the Country and Western crowds,
although there is kind of thing, it had a ring to it, it just clicked, he said.
Warley's version of the song is different, the 6-6 Tennessee,
and we work the lyrics with a spicier age, more emphasis on the retail setting,
and a happy finale, the guy gets the girl.
The words are said to an upbeat temple, complete with tinkling pano keys and a fiddle.
All right, so tinkling, nice going here, huh?
Fiddling and tinkling.
There's fiddling and there's tinkling too, which I'm sure Joyce wouldn't approve of either one.
So it's a good thing Jay Shore don't work for a schooler anymore, the bees lace.
Nice going Jay, whoever you are.
Now, right now, right this second, oh there's a Chris Mantis.
And here he is, yeah.
Reuters says US troops have started, oh 78-22 is the final vote, the Roberts gets confirmed.
Is your next US chief Nazi justice, 78-YA, 22-NAY, okay?
The Yees have it, was there ever any doubt?
No.
For a day to long time ago.
Well, yeah.
The conduct of US troops in Iraq, including increasing the attention and accidental shooting of journalists,
is preventing full coverage of the war reaching the American public Reuters said yesterday.
In letter to Virginia Republican Senator John Warner, head of the Senate Armed Services Committee,
Reuters said US forces were limiting the ability of independent journalists to operate.
The letter from Reuters, global managing editor David Slussinger, called onward
and raised widespread media concerns about the conduct of US troops
with defense secretary, Hermann Gareman, who was due to testify of the committee today.
Slussinger referred to a long-perrated disturbing incidence, whereby professional journalists have been killed,
wrongfully detained, and or illegally abused by US forces in Iraq.
He urged Warner to demand that Rumsfeld resolve these issues in a way that best bounces the legitimate security interests of US forces in Iraq
and the equally legitimate rights of journalists in conflict zones under international law.
At least 66 journalists and media workers, most of the Miraculous, have been killed in the Iraq conflicts in March 2003.
US forces acknowledged killing three Reuters journalists, most recently,
some man, Wally Khaled, who was shot by American soldiers on August 28th, while on the summit in Baghdad.
But the military says the soldiers were justified in opening fire.
And maybe there were some liberal-communist, pinco journalists.
In that case, it's okay to lower their crap away, right?
But they might have said something, you know, something.
Yeah, a little something, something that we're out of line.
You better go step back in line or but a ban.
Anyway, here's the poll results so far.
737 votes, and it's not even known yet.
We are so just overwhelmed with this.
Don't we feel like humbled in the... No, we don't.
738, if somebody... And thanks again, whoever affects this in yesterday,
it's an excellent poll question, right?
We never did it even though most of them think of this before.
This is gold.
In fact, the one tomorrow, somebody would have told me 30 years ago that...
If somebody would have told me five minutes ago that I have to sit around until after
two o'clock, because Todd Dreck is coming in, I'd have said, forget about it.
But being the nice guy that I am.
Because all you got to do is say, no, you know, right away...
I just... Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He go back to the Kurdistan sales and right away, they start a whole big simous about that.
If somebody told me 20 years ago that... Fill in the blank, I never would have believed it.
That's the poll question.
That the government would be stolen by neo-Nazis, 212.
That's the winner, no question.
That gas would be $3.088.
Their water would sell for a buck of serving, 75.
That George W. Bush would be presented for two-term 62.
That I'd be stuck in South Florida, 51.
The radio music would suck this bad, 48.
That we'd all have cell phones, 38.
That neo-Rajas would still be on a radio, 31.
That there would be 700 TV channels, 23.
That freedom of speech would be dead, 17.
That property value of South Florida would be so high, IIIIII13.
That we'd have the internet's 12.
The term had to be governor of California, 10.
That... That L would still be in power, 10.
That Florida would have a hockey team, man.
That their sanctions would still be on TV8.
That his Spanish would outnumber Black 7.
That the Soviet Union would crumble 5.
That people would still be glorifying Elvis, the king, 4.
People would be infected with reality TV3.
That the Berlin Wall would come down, 3.
It's come from the land down.
The dolphins would suck so bad, 3.
That the media would cave in, 2.
That poker would be so popular, 2.
That the marlins would have two World Series' championships, 1.
Only 1.
Solemente Olo, because the marlins have fallen on hard times.
Or right away, everybody's off the bandwagon, except that good guy that called him.
Most talk radio would be right-wing, 1.
That OJ would be a double murder, and that there would be more DVDs on movies on DVDs, none.
Out of 738.
And some of those movies starring OJ.
Like, what was it about the Earthquake, about the fire?
What was that one?
Tower of Eardrum.
Towering Furnow.
Was that it?
I don't know.
Yeah, he was all over the kid.
It was in the other 70s, wasn't it?
Yeah, he was the one about the stadium where they were trying to burn the blow up the stadium.
He's in love with those horrible, well, but he sure could run fast.
5670560, pound 5660, and the Verizon E-Mounders are 3Dcnees on the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
WQIN, hello.
Hey, you know how I'm having a pali.
Okay, pali.
I got a couple things for you.
And you were thinking about a dish in New Orleans, that food dish was conchumballaya?
No.
Where we've all been stopped, okay.
We're going to tell you.
We're going to tell you.
We're going to tell you.
We're going to tell you.
That's based.
It's we're going to tell you.
Yeah, sure.
Listen, I got one for your poll.
If you were to ask me 20 years from now, 20 years ago, if Journey would still be together as a band.
You just died to get the money, aren't you?
I have to get him out of that deal.
I got to talk to George for a second off.
No chance.
No chance.
He's not getting paid to talk to college today, okay.
It's the way.
I got to talk to George for.
Wait till George is on again.
We're going to have for a meal later.
Yeah, and I have a call you when I'm on vacation soon, right?
Very soon.
WQIN, hello.
Not soon enough.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just wanted to let you know that I heard you talk about Ben Harper the past couple of days.
And you've got to get like live on Mars.
It's a double CD that has like him playing with his band and him playing acoustic.
Right.
Well, that's not one of the ones that George sent me on Fortnite.
The two that he sent me, both really not my kind of.
We on Mars, that's the way to go.
Okay.
In fact, I saw.
I think I saw that one somewhere.
You know, I saw it.
I saw it on Amazon.com.
What's a good Ben Harper song?
Actually, the cover that he does, he does actually dealing by Marvin Gannon, George War like that.
I didn't tell him like Marvin Gannon.
Yeah.
And he does this song, the drugs.
What?
The drugs.
The orange.
What is it?
I know they do.
All right.
Okay, I'll wait for that.
I'll wait for that.
Ben Harper's God is great.
He started.
Yeah, I did.
Oh, I bet you wonder how I want to go.
Oh!
I've tried to pass to Memphis, Lou.
I've tried my life, you know before.
But it's a two-way life, guys.
You know, I love it all.
It took me by surprise.
And I thought it was a day.
But it's a day when I was outside.
Yeah.
It's a day when you know that I heard it.
It's a day of time.
How much is all of you being by?
Yeah.
Now, it called me crazy.
It's crazy.
I just think he's got a more powerful voice than Marvin Gaye.
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
I mean, like Marvin Gaye a lot, when you and I always have those arguments about Marvin Gaye and the Beach Boys.
Whether they ever did anything.
Because you got this guy believing it.
I loved Marvin Gaye.
I just see he's no Beach Boys.
Right.
And he also, he's also no Ben Harper.
He's what I'm saying.
I'd have to hear them side by side.
But Ben, he felt out of town to sound.
Yeah.
He's got a great voice.
Yeah.
I just wish he had some great songs to go with.
I agree with that.
That's what I'm saying.
And even this caller said he doesn't get on the company.
He old songs, man.
I've got nothing wrong with that.
Yeah.
All we did was write his own music and play his own and stuff like that.
Yeah.
What if you could all pick you up on?
I do.
Okay.
Just give it a rest, Ben.
Hey, Ben.
That's enough.
78 to 22, John Robertson.
He knew Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court.
Any interest?
No.
No, we already know.
Fortgone conclusion.
And they got all these of talking.
There's no old Donald from MSNBC.
Who's another watcher?
This next vote is commercial.
And we got your crucial over here.
Okay.
You silly as bitch.
Can't stand you people in the media.
Where the hell is Miss Potter when we need her?
Perry.
Perry and Mark.
In fact, they might be doing something.
Mark and Harry Potter.
1156 at 560.
Here's your last chance to save a whole lot of cash on brand new
Fords and Armstrong ford homestead.
We're talking thousands of dollars in savings.
They've always treated everybody like family.
They want to extend offer you to join their family.
Ford nationwide has extended their Ford family plan offer.
Another couple of days through September 30th.
3rd, man.
Today and tomorrow is the last two.
And right now at Armstrong ford homestead, you get the same grade pricing.
That every Ford motor company employee and their families get.
Not only to get employed family pricing, but also you still get Armstrong ford's
Exclusive amazing tires and batteries for life program.
And for limited time only within any new car purchase, you also get a color TV
Absolutely free.
All of these things.
So what are you waiting for?
Pick up the phone right now called David Rich.
305, 247, 51, 12.
David Garantizi.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place in town.
No bait and switch.
No phony deals.
In this spectacular offer is waiting for you only.
At Armstrong ford homestead where they always treat you like family.
You'll find them in homestead at US 1 in Southwest 07 Street.
Just 20 easy minutes out to the old 836.
Like I said, you won't get a better deal any place else so you can waste your time
shopping around if you want.
But first, if you want to make this smart move, just check them on the web
ArmstrongCars.com and then give David a call 305 247 51 Trump.
Ask him about the Ford family plan today.
Drive a little bit extra to save thousands of dollars that Armstrong ford homestead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 Q1 watt solid.
Well nah, this is Jennifer Lopez.
I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back around my nipples.
And that's when I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
I'm not a big fan of the
New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
I'm not a big fan of the New York Times.
They'll take a step in front.
She Don't get in front.
Chanacton prayer
He loved the ghost for the very first time.
From a 3550, here's a great fact from Dan V who says 20 years ago he couldn't believe
that he'd still be alive 20 years later.
That would be good, I'd still be alive.
There you go, that's an excellent one.
Also he's straight in my ass out here on Booyah Bay's in Jambalaya.
Booyah Bay's his French, he says seafood, the type soup, and Jambalaya is an orlean
thing, whatever is in the kitchen over rice.
Jambalaya, I feel like Daya, Jambalaya.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, like that.
Jambalaya.
He probably is a Laya.
Anyway, Dan says he can't spell well because he's smoke too many spits, man.
He also says Samasapo is Amsterdam, great food also over what?
Samasapo and Amsterdam has got great food.
What the hell is that?
Yeah, also by museum plan, plan, there are some good ones.
Oh, come on, come on Dan, you have smoke too many and I'm sure I know where it's
to.
Brother, you tell me about good food in Amsterdam.
I'll say again there's one Chinese restaurant that's excellent right there on the Arroken,
right just south of the Namrach, Arroken, right by the, just a little bit south of the
Madame Tussos, West Museum.
I'm sure George knows where it is.
Right there, yeah.
You go upstairs and it's like very, very good.
That's it, that's it.
That's right.
Well, most of my meals because the rest of the food there is kaka.
Kaka?
You want to get a snack every night and you can run into Albert Heiney, express there in
the Namrach right next to a McDonald's and that's a Mickey D's.
Anyway, here's another fact that says in response to your tongue and teeth question to women
for it.
Uh oh.
I was flying back from Atlanta Saturday and had the misfortune of being seated next to
a large black woman.
Oh man, right in the middle of lunch hour we're doing this.
I say misfortune because, be cautious.
Certainly after liftoff he began farting and farting and farting and farting.
It was the most noxious, fall smelling stuff.
I had the aisle seat and was literally literally leaning into the outgassing for breath.
I looked like a dying guppy.
The guy, this is great.
The guy crossed the aisle kept looking at me as if it was meat causing the smell.
She seemed to be either nervous or had to take a dump because she was nervously tapping
her foot the whole time.
She was even in the food.
The new fart and it doesn't smell like sugar or something.
It doesn't smell like sugar or spice or anything nice.
Maybe she's a little spice girl.
Maybe that was her voice.
Wow.
That is a grotesque.
Believe me, I've always said that there probably is no worse aroma in the world than a woman's
fart.
That's the truth.
I mean, not that I haven't done some good business too.
I'm sure all of you, but believe me.
Oh, brother.
He's speaking of women while close to being a woman, Jody Foster.
I guess it's, oh, a speaker of a woman.
Here's Ron Reagan, Jr.
Oh, brother.
Hey, Ronnie.
You're fairy.
Isn't that ironic?
It seems like every right-wingingist had some offspring, you know?
Whether it's Alan Kees or Phyllis Shuflye or Tom Delay or Ronnie Ray Gunner.
All these right-wingers have set the course for your president that we know of.
Well, we hope.
Slide attendance, outrage over Jody Foster film.
How do you like that bitch speaking of bad movies?
By the way, don't watch your flowers in the attic or a garden state or the other one and the
anniversary part.
Oh, yeah.
Unless you want to get really depressed and peered and throw a brick through the TV screen.
Actually, of those three, the one last night had the most potential.
I mean, it was horrible.
It was awful.
But had a potential to be made into an interesting movie, it just wasn't.
Right.
And like the review said, the acting was so wooden and so stale and so bad.
It just pondered.
It didn't go anywhere.
Just on and on.
The only parts that George Lacken sure is when I was in the bathtub.
Christie Swanson, yes, all sudsy.
Flight attendance, outrage over Jody Foster film.
Labor unions representing most of the nation's 90,000 flight attendants have urged their
members to boycott a new Jody Foster film that portrays a flight attendant and a US air
marshal as terrorists.
They said that casting Captain Crew members as villains in the movie Flight Plan was irresponsible
in light of heightened security concerns since the 9-11 attacks in which suicide hijackers
use area of the other.
The Walt Disney company film, which was a number one release at the North American Box
Orifice last weekend.
Oh boy.
Stars Foster was an airline passenger who awakens from an inflied net to find a young
daughter missing.
It turns out that one of the flight attendants aboard is involved in a terrorist plot hatched
by the plane's air marshal.
Was he played by Richard Hatch?
Is it Richard Hatch or Robert Hatch when it was in it?
Huh?
You're right.
Richard Hatch.
Yeah.
A union statement issued on Tuesday also complained that other flight attendants in the
film are being showed as rude, unhelpful, and uncarrying.
Well, now we're talking.
This depicting the flight attendants is an outrage said AFA International President Patricia
Friend.
I wonder if she's keen to form a pirate's picture.
Bob Friend.
Although she would like to be your friend.
Flight attendants continue to be the first line of defense on an aircraft and put their
lives on the line day after day for the safety of passengers.
Maybe she's keen to, uh, what's her name there?
Nancy Grace or Grace Nancy or, um, friend?
Oh, I'd like to, I would like to take a rusty nail and stick into a two by four and
just an AFA spokeswoman in Washington said the unions were that movie goers will take
away the impression that they'll make more difficult for flight attendants or in the
trust and respect that passengers.
It is so irresponsible.
These spokeswoman Corey Caldwell told Reuters earlier yesterday.
She said the portrayal of airline cabin crew members as evil doers adds further insult
along standing Hollywood stereotypes that have depicted flight attendants as a sexualized
bubbleheads or as harsh humorless disciplinarians or, of course, the guys as being gay.
Yeah.
What is that all about?
I mean, I know the furries can fly, but why is it that there's so many male flight attendants
who are like, uh, really...
Faaaaning!
Why is that?
Now you have to explain it to me.
Oh.
A Disney spokesman said that a making flight plan which grossed nearly 25 million bucks
last weekend there was absolutely no intention.
Absolutely.
On the part of the studio, I feel like it's creating anything but a great action thriller.
We're confident the public will be able to discern the difference between fiction and
the incredible job real life flight attendants do on a daily basis, these spokesmen said.
The AFA, called for the boy, caught along with two sister unions, the Association of
Professional Flight Attendants and the Transport Board Union workers, which represent cabin
crew members from American Airlines and Southwest.
They three unions together represent 80 of the 90,000 flight attendants who work for you.
There you go.
Don't close it, Jodie.
Well, I wasn't going to see that before I watched her flower in the attic.
I wasn't going to go see that movie, but seeing that everybody's all whining about it.
But would you do a, uh, somebody wanted you to do a Google on, uh, Louise Fletcher?
Yeah.
Because she was in, um, maybe it was Exorcist II.
Which was the moment that Richard Burton was in.
It was really the war.
There were three of them.
Uh, the heretic was at Exorcist III or II.
She was in one of them.
She played an evil door or something, some bitch in there.
I don't know.
I do get her confused.
I get Ellen Burston confused a little bit with Louise Fletcher and I get, uh, Merle Street
confused with them close.
Am I the only one it doesn't?
Well, in a lot of cases, yeah.
Well, they're both, they're both weak looking women, but very similar.
794 votes.
Any second, we're going over 800.
What do you want to know about Louise Fletcher?
Well, find out which Exorcist movie she was in because you told me she, and I, you're
right.
I was confusing her with Ellen Burston, who's not related to Joe Gerson, by the way.
How did Joe Gerson do it?
Anybody seen him?
She was in the second one.
Exorcist II.
Was that the one with Richard Burton?
If you click on the movie.
Right.
I mean, Richard Burton, that movie was really hurting.
Yes, that's certain.
Overall, that was so, it's one of those movies that didn't, it could have used a good
sequel, but unfortunately, they didn't make one.
I'm not going to say it didn't need a sequel, but it could have used a good one, but they
never made it.
It's like the Omen.
I mean, why did they make Omen part two?
No wonder Bill Holden, who died with a bottle in his hand.
You got to get to an adult Damien, be there.
You know what, he was holding it?
When he died?
Holden what?
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You are our only hope.
You and George.
Yeah, we are.
And the price is right, too, like I told a guy yesterday who'd been listening for 80
years.
The price is right.
Yes, wait, I got a question.
Yeah.
No.
What is it with that guy?
What is he?
He just went.
I told you he's got Ginger Vitis.
Yeah, that's the truth.
When are they going to give him a timeout, take him out of the sandbox.
He does not know how to play well with others.
No, he can't.
He just can't do it.
He's never been able to function with a right to the human race.
He doesn't understand it.
Maybe I have one word that you can tell, Mote.
Careful, yes.
No, it's clean.
It's Boheta, B-O-H-I-C-A.
What is that?
Then over here it comes again.
That's the word.
Oh, OK.
Oh, no.
Back them.
Oh, boy.
He just has difficulty functioning with others.
In fact, I think to be very honest with it, his three or four days that he was doing a
show from the fan in New York, there probably was a tremendous sigh of relief around the
building.
See, if anybody's going to do the show from out of the building, he probably would be
the one.
Although I'm not going anywhere.
I'm not coming back there.
Let me do studio.
Huh?
Fred Studios with him.
No, no, thanks.
Believe me, they don't want him here.
Problem with his personal.
Don't start with that.
Most of you, now, you see, I'm trying to be on my best behavior.
Oh, no, no, no.
You people are starting up again and Hank's not even doing the crossover today.
He had a van was quick to get to New York for some of the silly horse race again.
There they go.
Like Perry Como said, round and round.
I remember that song.
I'm sure you got it right there around there.
Keep running around.
Not that I know a lot of horse racing, but it's just that South Florida is just not.
It's not a racing kind of bunch of folks anymore.
The people are racing.
They're all dead now.
Find a way.
That's called Perry.
Good talk on.
Well, there's the prices on the East racer would buy last night on the thoroughbreds
Wednesday.
They do the thoroughbreds on Wednesdays and then whatever.
Here's what's happening online at WQAM.com.
Enter the VISTA Health Plants.
My family deserves the best contest to an attripped report to the Bahamas from VISTA
Health Plants.
With VISTA Health Plants, the lead is for value.
Get value, get VISTA and that's what's happening online.
A service on.
Sport for you five, six, eight.
Me on God.
Me on God.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, right, you're fair. Every time he sees a sister, well, it wears his new produce. Well, rugby was her hobby, but now she likes the Robbie, and he'd done much like her beauty.
New tall sister is a, yeah, yeah, yeah, eating dirty sister is a fastieThat's a woman,
younger sister does and she'll fix her. The Nigs will fable together with her ex alta performing
Danger sister said she frows she's a Kiiff, that's needed
Well she ain't like her big brother, what's the girl of the house?
Cause Gingrich little sister has never had a Mr. Rinsk, she never met a trials or mouse.
No total sister is a...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No total sister is a...
Oh, don't, don't, don't.
Can't distinguish this, she's well, she's a gay lesbian.
But the time of my daughter, I've been dated one.
Oh wait a minute, she murdered Michael Jackson fellow.
And actually, what I like about it might be, uh, three of us, maybe we'll be so bad.
There ain't going to be all of us.
Eighth and hundred and sixty votes on a pool.
Look at that, 15 passengers were on board when this trailways bus hit a wall in Seattle.
Are you concerned about that? No.
Also they're like, uh, now they got the formal investigation to what in the war is about police who were looting.
We've seen little drives and grabs about that, but there were police actually participating.
Right, looting. I've seen a couple videos of that.
So I guess some of them were like doing that before they'd like, high-tailed it out of town.
Right.
Oh well, and of course you know that there's going to be a racial aspect of that.
I guarantee there were plenty of white cops looting too, okay?
I would say...
BOTS 3rd, mate.
But don't make it an racial thing.
Oh child killed by blast and bagged that.
Another dead kitten bagged that.
Any interest?
No.
Anybody cared?
No.
Freedom in the march.
Didn't hear that speak.
Another dead rag here.
One other is another are future terrorists that we got real.
But I thought those were the people we were supposed to be emancipating.
Shut up, Tommy.
Right away in America.
Yeah.
Eighth and hundred and sixteen votes.
Even Josh Corners is overwhelmed by that.
Which takes his mind off those marling games.
Hey.
Never did he know that movie network.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
You know what?
I should have actually kept my mouth shut and sent you a copy of flowers in the attic and told you, boy,
this is really a great flick you'll love it here.
I would have warned.
Yeah.
You're the love network compared to that.
Boy, this was so ponderous and just, you know, and during the movie, you just kept thinking,
well, the sun was, you know, a big strong kid.
There was like a 19-year-old.
He got a beat to crap on the right and spletch your, you know, with his pinky.
And mommy, I mean, how long did it take to figure out that mommy didn't give a flying crap about any of them?
But, you know, but nevertheless, don't ask these questions because they make too much sense.
And movies don't make sense.
They're just for entertainment, which this one was not.
Speaking of that, the US Army is investigating reports that troops took photographs of dead Iraqis
and traded them to a pornographic website and returned for access to that site.
Army sources said yesterday, how do you like that?
Army spokesman Paul Boyz told CNN that a preliminary investigation has found no evidence of a felony crime,
but both he and Colonel Joseph Curtin said the web postings have verified
could consternate a violation of the uniform code of military justice provisions on good conduct.
There is no criminal investigation in the meta-reflectable.
Joseph deceased bodies in Iraq being posted on the worldwide web anonymously, Boyz said,
any criminal investigators who examined this or rather army criminal investigators who examined this recently
as a preliminary inquiry but found there was no specific evidence of a felony crime.
Curtin acknowledged an ongoing investigation, however, saying it was focusing on allegations that soldiers may have exchanged
personally taken photos of dead Iraqis in exchange for pornographic access.
Oh my God.
The pornographic access, Chris Wilson ordered a site told CNN to give it members of the military serving in the Iraq and Afghanistan
access to the site for free if they provided him with a photo proving they were serving there.
CNN couldn't verify the authenticity of the photos and videos posted on the site
and will not include the name of the website because it's considered offensive by many people.
We want to know, Wilson of Lakeland Florida said the military hasn't contacted him about the postings or the anonymous postures
and doesn't suspect they have reason to.
It would be a matter of free speech he said, oh what's that?
Since I'm not a member of the military, I'm not by a medical officer in the military.
The Council on American Islamic Relations, however, said the grizzly practice may have violated international laws of war.
Oh yeah, the rules of engagement, the rules of engagement, my ass.
That has to be the most stupid phrase ever invented by a bunch of idiots, okay, by a bunch of adults.
Rules of engagement.
Oh, when you're going to kill your like money pride, that says you have to be killed lightly, okay?
Not like I'm close in person like in a godfather. Only the mobsters did that, but I'm being.
Yeah, I thought rules of engagement had to do with one to check has to give the ring back like if she breaks it.
That's exactly what it is, okay?
Where the hell is that, oh geez, that drop-in right here?
Oh, seriously, where's that thing where Sonny is going on about, oh, no that's not it. I heard it.
I heard something about it with this one.
That's not the one.
Where's going out about you taking this very personal way?
I think this is the army where you shoot them from a mile away.
What is that guy? I know we got it.
No, not that.
No?
No. It's this one right here.
You're going to do a nice guy with me.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
Now you want to go down a police captain like this. You're going to slap him a face a little bit.
What do you think? This is the army where you shoot him a mile away.
You're going to get a close like this.
But a big, your bloody brains all over your nice side relief suit.
Come in.
You're taking this very personal way.
Oh, thank you guys.
I still have nothing to say about the Godfather.
Otherwise, we'd have to call up a one of our friends.
I took a brought to you or something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've arrived in Singular Rylaston.
A great pull sent by one of our listeners yesterday by one of our fractures.
If someone told me 20 years ago that fill in the blank, I never would have believed it.
Who to funk it?
WDQA Am, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Couple of things.
Dewey on TV.
He's got this look in his eye and the way he walks, he takes full of baby steps.
I got a feeling he might be a little light and a loafer.
He's got a gay son.
Well, and they're the ones that hate him, the hate people, the ones that hate themselves.
And it's new Roberts.
He's got that same scary look in his eye.
VDO is man.
And I don't know if you ever realize this.
But that new paparazzi Nazi.
Well, the goofy Christian and the light and the loafers look very similar.
Yeah.
Anyway, one other thing.
You're fired, she'll tell you.
You're fired.
Andrea Mitchell was on the other night, pushing her new book.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, but Bill Maurel after if he thought that there was big business leading on editors,
not to run certain stories.
Yeah.
And she said, no, no, that's all BF.
Right away.
Right.
I just created a new book.
Yeah.
I'll put it in the bathroom for whenever I'm supposed to.
Remember to end Bernie Goldberg wrote the camp.
Yeah, another thing we're back in Fallujah now.
I thought that there was an election and major military operations were over.
Well, we're just mopping it up.
One last thing at electricity back on there, we can see what we're doing.
And we're really going to kick ass.
Well, you know, there's not a mess George Bush that can make that Haliburton can't clean up.
I wouldn't worry about it, though, because Karen Hughes is on there right now over in the Middle East
and she's talking turkey, man.
She's we running it all straight and do.
Well, you know, we are the where are you?
How many times did you hit the button?
Two.
Okay.
Me too.
Okay.
Two, two.
Oh, yeah.
We got a two-two.
Oh, don't start with that again.
What kind of a name is that for a doctor?
832.
Let me read the results of the poll because we got some real good choices on air.
And this turns out to be a really thank you so much for that poll.
That was so fine.
If somebody told me 20 years ago the government would be stolen by Neo Nazis, 230 say I would
never have believed it.
Gats would be $3 a gallon, 92.
Water would be selling for a buck a bottle, 80.
George Bush would be present for two-term 74.
I'd be stuck in South Florida, 52.
I'd be worse than death.
Radio music would suck this bad, 52.
We'd all have cell phones, 38.
That's really great.
Neo Rogers would still be on a radio, 32.
And the price is still right, by the way.
There would be 700 TV channels, 20 or three.
Freedom of speech would be dead, 22.
The terminated would be Governor California, 19.
We'd have the Internet, 18.
The Delva would still be in power, 16.
Rick Sanchez would still be on TV, 13.
I'm lucky, number Rick.
Property value in South Florida would be so high, 13.
Hispanics without number blacks, 10.
Florida would have a hockey team, 10.
The Soviet Union would crumble, 6.
The Marlins would have two world seasons of the championship, 5.
Berlin Wall would come down, 5.
People would still be glorifying, 11.
The dolphins would suck so bad, 4.
The media would cave in, 3.
People would be in fetch way, with reality TV 3.
OJ would become a double murderer, too.
Most talk radio would be right wing, too.
Proctor would be so popular, too.
There would be a movie's on DVD-1.
Thank you, somebody finally voted for that, just to make me feel better.
And I would still be alive, none.
Well, that's bad.
Of course, most of our 80-year-old listeners out there
didn't cut no internet.
This is Neo Rogers.
I'm not in on the air.
I'm 16.
Q.A.L.
A.R.A.L.
A.R.A.L.
Toto, Toto, Toto.
Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto, Toto
I'm feeling with no career I say how best that is to come and just grow up But we might just regret feeling with no career Feeling with no career Feeling with no career Feeling with no career Feeling with no career
All 55 Republicans of course voted for John Roberts to confirm 22 Democrats voted against I don't have the names yet
I've been looking and searching and scouring but does it really make a difference now
The Marty Rob floats already but are the people? What are the listes? Inside a sprawling riverside where house giant size Elvis, Yoda, Chuckie, and Scorza floats of wind into oil
Although the mummy, Wicked Witch and Dracula will need some repair work from Hurricane Katrina's winds
Lane Curr and Dubb, Mr. Marty Robb, to more than five decades of involvement in Orleans' most famous annual event
Is worried about having plenty of floats already
In fact lately float has been the operative word in Orleans hasn't it? Right, Sikker float
Anybody want a banana float? But he and other veteran leaders of the annual pre-letton Valkenal face other challenges
Is they work on plants to keep names that's the name of that restaurant in Vegas I can never think of in Caesar
It's right, Valkenal
You're right
As they work on plants to keep next year's Marty Robb from being blown away
Much of the city's population is scattered, hotel rooms are scarce
The year isn't fit to breathe, the water isn't fit to drink, sounds like how I'd be on now
And organizers are dealing with their own personal Katrina issues and their homes and businesses
It's going to be a problem again now, it's current but everybody says we have to go this year of all years
Is that what you're saying? I don't hear anybody saying that
No
Well if we ever went we got to go this year and support those poor bastards down there and let's get with it
The cities already lost the sugar bowl, the NFL Saints and the NBA Hornets for a year
And a month after Katrina only a small part of No Orleans and semi-functional little enabled a host of one of the nations biggest and wildest celebrations
But canceling Marty Gras which was estimated many in each year is unthinkable for some regardless of the obstacles
It's part of our culture of No Orleans, it's part of the soul said Dickey Brennan
I wonder if he's related to Dickey Greenleaf
Who is popular restaurants at the Pallas Cafe
There is some who will be out of here for Josh, you still got that?
What? The one I sent is how did Mr. Ripley?
Yeah, I still have it. He hates that. He was all brutal
It's a little bit too gay. Yeah, good job
But we know everything into the subtle except for the factory. Well, it's not supposed to be right
Why shouldn't be that's the whole that's the point it's in your face and anyway is it really well?
870 votes on the pull we're gonna have 900 plus well over nine her by the top of the hour
We're gonna look on Bill Snyder's face. Phil Abuster the Democrats are threatening that if President Bush
Names another a new nominee other not the Supreme Court who is quote
In extraordinary circumstances that is too far outside the mainstream
They reserved the right to Phil Abuster and them and Republicans of course reserved the right to cut off
Phil Abusters for judicial nominees the so-called nuclear option that war could come down the line
If the president named someone who's not a Nazi right like
Like I'm I'm getting or Joseph Gerbos and one of those are Rudolph Hess
Well, that was one of the rumors in that movie though about Hitler was a he and Rudolph Hess were like
Among many others really well. I'm just telling you that you know, of course
And just rumors all of these things five six seven I've got a whole pile here that I need to get to but I should take some
More of these calls because I'm sure there are a lot of other great suggestions for this poll probably thousands of them
Right and once that once the a delay builds up after about five six minutes and they hear me say that then we'll get like tons and tons of calls
You'll see
Like that one sees been waiting for an hour
WQ a.m. Hello
Okay, two for two
WQ a.m. Hello, I
Okay, great while the fully voice still is really bad. Okay work on it a little bit and the voice too WQ a.m. Hello
Okay, that's it. Okay, good. I can get to my pile for just a second
I thought I was gonna take some more of these great calls
But once we get to that once reaches that level you know what I'm saying I know West Brahmastatus is a Catholic priest in this town
Was temporarily pulled from the pulpit after refusing to support the state bishops drive against game married gay the Reverend George
Lange of St. Lupe the evangelist was replaced last weekend by Bishop Robert McMain is a miss McMan
Manus of the Worcester diocese who led the Saturday evening Mass and the Sunday morning Mass at the church
The move came after laying in his associate pastor the Reverend Stephen LaBear
Posted an item in the September 11th Church bulletin state in their opposition
We've proposed constitutional amendment that would ban gay marriage the state's Catholic bishops are leading a signature
Drive to get that amendment on the 2008 ballot you're screwing up all our plans the Bolton item read the priest of this parish
Do not feel the thickness of the amendment they don't see any value to it
They see it as an attack upon certain people in our parish namely those who are gay a
Spokesman for McMainus
Resley DeLyle told the Metro West Daily News of Framinghand that laying in LaBear remain in a place at the church
DeLyle said that the bishops' intention was not to review the priest but to present the churches teaching on those subjects
As if they didn't already know it but for us to send the Hives and Center churches leaders hands were slid very publicly
Visiting man make manus told us that father George made a mistake and should not have done that she said
Everyone was stunned said first to rob Wilson. There was a rather stunning homily homily
LeBer to climb to comment for the daily news and line can be reached
How do you like that?
Talking about fact we have a whole Catholic church thing man. It's just
One of you people got to understand it. It's not not like a debate. That's a gay club you more anybody knows that right
Christ almighty even him
Yeah, for he knows better than anybody. Okay. That's why word was the snappy sandals
He knew what it was all about. Oh see now. Now they want to talk WQ. I am hello
Yes, sir
This is WQ I am yes, why you whispering I know what spring I'm speaking right out loud. Okay. There you go me too
You got why wanted to talk to uncle me you're talking to him
Who else would make these ass and eye comments to you beside me? I don't know. What do you got for me?
Let's go. It's only a well. I'm an old guy, you know
I'm too old for these in November and I'm happy I guarantee I'm older you are
I'm not sure about that but
November 5th 1942 man. What's yours? 45?
I'm not over new are you just a young tough? Well, punks like me have our opinions though. Well, what's your opinion?
My opinion is that most of our views coincide but you've disseminated false information about
About leader I know we already had fat already corrected that the leader is more than a court. Oh, oh
I was a traffic when I heard that now. Well, don't go playing the traffic again. It's dangerous
Especially in how about it. Have a great day pal. Get out here
I'd assimilate some wronging from my apologize. I mean, I'm a stink. Let's see. Here's a great thing
It says too bad that we can't read it. Yeah, this is this bad site where the war pictures have been downloaded by our troops
The only problem is I can't read it either. Yeah, it says W. W. W.
Now that's
Huh? Oh, and now now that's asked up com will we can't we are I see what you mean, but we can't read it
We can't read the word I can read the print you can't read that no now that's and I've seen this already
Now that's f up com
That's the website W. W. W. Now that's f up. I'm can't say the whole word calm
I'm not gonna go there. That's this one. It says pictures in this form were submitted to the site by members of US military
Who were stationed in a wrecking Afghanistan? I wanted a place for people to view pictures from the soldiers themselves rather than the pics that
The press beat us and that's good. What's wrong with that?
It's about time. No, it's about time. We started getting some
They've got the live cameras over there. They got the satellite. There's no reason we can't get live feeds every instead of just seeing
Those turds floating in the water in New Orleans and Texas for Christ. We know what floating turds look like
We can see that in the bowl every more. We don't need to turn on television to see it
How about seeing what the hell's really going on over there? In the fact that they don't have electricity and bag that most of the day
And if there's little kid got killed again all this blood and grunts that's going on over there
Oh, we don't want to do that because the media are still sucking up and the media still suck
Shame on you, great robberies, you lunatics
Roger
Oh
The Texas
On my
Meaning
Are they died in Louisiana? I raised cash for the T-O-B
Oh
Don't put the blame on me
I come from my vacation for a photo-over-true machine
Swing your partner round and round
Now build a little swam into New Orleans down
Come to the left to the right here we go, swing a little mud down there we see no
Oh, Katrina, why didn't those people flee?
To the first in Louisiana and it means for Iraqi
Real American A-holes
Real American A-holes
We salute you
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
If we learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina
It's not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown
What can Brown do to you now?
Apparently nothing and that's what's left of a gold coast
Nothing
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government
But you've created so much red tape
The victims won't receive it till March
No Michael Brown
You're rude
When all is said and done
You will lose your job faster than you can say equal us
And if there's any justice in this world
You'll be calling that Houston after-dome home too
Free hot center chopper
So we salute you
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
Your clipboard, your stupid Navy Blue Thiever shirt
And your comover
You are our real American A-holes
Absolutely
Okay, this is going to take a minute or two
Because I'm sure inquiring why I want to know who the 22 Democrats were who voted Navy who had the balls
Who were they?
And that independent guy
No, it's leaving it to the New York Times
Okay, but I had to like print this out
Let's see, we didn't care about this one
About that one
Oh, geez
Diane Fines, that in Barbara Boxer
The two lady California Center is both voted
No
Nice going, ladies, Flutgy Health
Uh, Julie Brunvoted Yes, Christopher Dodd voted Yes, Joe Biden voted No
Good, Joe Biden
No
Florida Martinez and Nelson both voted Yes
Oh, boy
Of course
Atkaka and anyway both voted No
Good
Illinois Dick Durbin and Barack Obama both voted No
Nice going, Barack and Dick
I Indiana buy, I haven't buy a voted No
Tom Harkin of Iowa, No
Who said Bolshevik on the air a few years ago
Paul Sarbaines and Barbara McCulloch of Maryland, Butchle of Barbara, they both voted No
John Kerry and Ted Kennedy both voted No
Good, Sandra Levin from Michigan, Carl Levin, well I get them confused
Carl Levin voted Yes, oh, boy
Stabino, the other Democrat, Senator from Michigan voted No
Dayton, from Minnesota, No
This is Bondar
Reed, Harry Reed from Nevada, No
Where we were new that
New Jersey, Corsey and Voted No
And Lautenburg, No
Old Frank, Chuck Schumer, No
And the Hillary Voted No
Ice Goal and Hill
Uh, well I almost threw
Reed from Ireland, No
That's it
Oh, and uh, can't well from West City Washington
No, Patty Murray voted Yes, oh, man, oh, man
Uh, Jay Rockefeller, yes, a bird
Bobby Bird voted Yes, oh
And uh, Russ Feingold, yes
What I tell you about, uh, yes, you do
And they sell out
Sell out
That's sad
And they said, but Twaco's, they must have offered him some free hollivar
or something that was the end of that
5670560, a pound 5660, just wasted seven pages on that crap
You know, I could have read all the ones that voted Yes
But they would have been kind of like stupid, wouldn't it?
Yeah, that would have been really dumb
Uh, 912 votes on the ports only 10 minutes to one, man
We have reached new altitudes and levels of greatness on the show
Deluxe of which nobody's ever could believe, you know
Just, uh, we just shocked them overwhelmed by it
How much Joel Feinberg's overwhelmed by it too?
Because this is part of our program, a Q&A, part of our clandestine plot
To do anything we can to hurt him
Not so much the other station over there, because there's small things
Just to hurt him, to give him my grain headaches, to give him spilties, to give him wild oozing diarrhea
Whatever we can do, just to destroy his life
Because he thinks he's a sports, a radio, a maven, he thinks he's a sportsman
He's a blockasta with stew gotts on the, stew gotts is the general mangler
And Jason Saladkin was the pro, what's the story on that job, Jason?
We were fighting out the quid and get fired, what was that all about?
I don't even know who that is by the way, another board op
I have no idea
You know him either?
No
Jason Saladkin, the famous program director for four minutes at the Ticket 790
Programming such geniuses as Toast and Omelet and Frittata and Mark Ed in the dark
Wow
I just lost the, uh, internet, you just did
Uh-oh
It's a good thing I got this pile of stuff because you just lost the, uh, the phone went to dead
And you got it, uh, we're good here
Well, we're not good here
You're bad
Oh, and the clock just came back, what do you just have like a momentary blip?
But the phone is still not to, no dots, what's that?
Hmm
You know what I had her do?
I don't know what I was going on, huh?
I ain't a whole lot going on anyway, one call
Well, yeah, the, not only one call, I'm not taking any, I said I'm reading
I mean, if I, if I gave the order, okay?
Oh, no
Just like Connie, if I gave the order, all the idiots would be good
Which is why I'm not wasting my time with them right now, I got some heavy duty stuff
But it's just, it's not, I'm not going to leave like, uh, you know, oh there it is, came back
Came back, somebody's divlin' that building, because I didn't do anything to you
No
You guys touch anything?
No, so somebody in the building is a divlin' okay?
Let's do it, okay?
That's probably that George Corso, man, trying to sabotage our show again, okay?
I know what you're up to Corso, okay?
We've seen you stick your finger in it, so...
Retail gas prices continue to see so today, climbing by less than a penny
See, we're supposed to be pleased about that, climbing by less than a penny
Oh, thank you, thank you, Mr. President
The national average, we're supposed to get down to our magic carpets and dobbin' a little bit rock back and forth
It's just the acid whoever's dobbin' in front of us
And just hope they don't fart in our face
I just can't get over that whole thing, you know?
What?
I know we've asked that, we've done that pull already, but the public just...
They're all crazy, all of the religions, the stuff that they do and the rituals that they go through
And the way that they're so programmed by...
From the time that they're very, very young, in all this mumbo jumbo and hocus-pocus and can't we focus?
It's just crazy, and you got the orthodox over there, they're doffening
They went 700 pounds of clothing, it's the middle of July, and they're like shfitzing all over the place
They smell like septic tank, and then you got the Muslims and they're all on the carpets and the ground
Oh, stop, stop, stop already, okay?
Remember the song by the Holly?
Stop, stop, stop, stop, remember that?
Of course, love the Holly
And of course the Elcidid bus stopped, never thought about that before, a lot of stops going on with them
Maybe there were like a stop gap group between the Beatles and...
Oh yeah, there you go, there's stopped, stopped by the Holly
Yellow label, I should get what label it was, was the yellow epitmated?
I don't know, I don't know
Both of them
Both of them were blind with the other people
See the yellow, white symbols are...
The Holly's were pretty good, pretty like a hot dog in the show
Oh, oh, and by the way, oh, this is good, that's why the full length did, it's an act of God, man
Oh God
Because I forgot with my Alzheimer's and I could say some of this file for tomorrow
I like about how Mohammed Ahtad definitely was known to Pentagon before 9-11
And back during the Bible and the classrooms all of these things
I've got a whole bunch of stuff, but you inspired me to do something
Okay
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I swear to be right here. Three
three
three
This version's way brighter.
Yeah, actually the punk brothers sound like hell of a lot better than they did with Marvin.
Maybe they didn't like Marvin because they thought he was gay.
That could have been it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.28.
So this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hours.
This is a lot better than they did with Marvin.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
This is not a tumor.
I screwed up.
I should have played.
They are back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia.
I'm out with you.
What?
I don't really care about any of these holidays anymore unless it means I get a day off.
It's such crap.
It's also such a bunch of garbage.
So I get them.
They're all like mumbo jumbo to me.
Kind of like they've gumbo in the Netherlands.
Wait till you hear this before we get to it.
I did find...
See?
I found the Epstein version.
With all that crap on it.
Anyway, well I like the way that sounds.
Here's over climate.
It's Arctic ice melts at a record level.
Oh my god.
There's no such thing as global warming, boys and girls.
And of course there's this big, great debate.
It's like, oh, I'm looking outside.
Is the sun there up there somewhere?
Or is it a debate about it?
The coverage is 20% below average from this time of year.
The destructive cycle could affect the earth's weather.
There is absolutely positive...
There is about a four second piece on CNN about this little wild cone.
Do you see that?
No, it's taken a constitutional.
You were taking a Greg?
Global warming in the Arctic could be stirring out a control scientist's horn yesterday.
His new figure's revealed that melting of sea ice in the region has accelerated to record levels.
Oh my god.
Experts at the U.S. National Snow and Dana Center in Colorado.
Fear the region is locked into a destructive cycle with warmer air melting more ice,
which in turn warms the air further.
On you young punkster out there, they think you're going to be around for a while.
I buy myself a nice home up in the mountains somewhere.
Last month, on Tanya's.
Done it.
Yeah.
satellite picture show that the extent of Arctic sea ice this month did 20% below the long term average for September.
Nothing an extra 500,000 square miles or an area twice the size of Texas.
How do you like that?
Twice the size of your tukas.
I don't like it.
If current trends continue, the summertime Arctic Ocean will be completely ice-free,
well before the end of the century.
Oh man.
It's a better teacher kids to swim.
Those of you who are making babies right now teach him to swim real good.
Ted Scambos lead scientist at the Colorado Center said melting sea ice accelerates warming because dark colored water absorbs heat from the sun that was previously reflected back into space by white ice.
Feedbacks in the system are starting to take hold because he changes in Arctic ice happening much sooner than we thought.
And that's important because without the ice cover over the Arctic Ocean, we expect big changes in the earth's weather he'd be saying.
The Arctic sea ice covers a couple of reaches its minimal extended September at the end of the summer melting season on September 21.
This means the ice extent dropped to 2.05 million square miles lowest on record.
This is the fourth consecutive year that Melis has been greater than average and pushed the overall decline in sea ice per decade up 8% from 6.5% in 2001.
Walt Meyer also the Colorado Center said having four years in a row with such low ice extent has never been seen before in the satellite record.
It clearly indicates a downward trend not just a short term anomaly.
Surface air temperatures across most of the Arctic Ocean have been 2-3 degrees centigrade higher which is much higher than you think it is.
Let's see, 2-3 centigrade would be like 5-6 degrees Fahrenheit on average this year from 1955 to 2004.
The notorious Northwest Passants through Canadian Arctic from Europe to Asia were in tariff expeditions where lost in earlier centuries as their cruise battle flick ice and bitter cold was completely open this summer.
The North West Passants from North America were in a separate 60 miles swath of scattered ice flows.
The Northwest Passants, North American Siberian coast has been ice-free since August 15.
Oh, 40 dead and three suicide attacks and Baghdad just did not have CNN.
Who cares about that, right?
Another bunch of ragheads are probably all terrorist anyway.
Springtime, it's just incredible.
They give like 5-6 degrees.
A little late it's limbs. We'll continue to stay on top of the three car bombs exploding in the Iraqi city of Balod killing 40 people.
We'll stay on that story.
Yes, stay on that story. I'm sure you will.
The Gulf of Leths-Gregal would be back as you'll miss turds floating in the water.
Springtime melting in the Arctic has begun much earlier in recent years.
This year started 17 days earlier than expected.
The winter rebound of ice, where sea water refreezes also been affected.
Last winter's recovery was the smallest on record and the peak Arctic ice cover failed to match the previous year's level.
If you drop the atmospheric temperature then the ice will come back again.
This is a distinction between that and the Greenland ice sheet which wouldn't reform because of the moderate climate.
The moderate climate is far too warm.
It wouldn't reform because it's just too warm.
You got it? Everybody sing it?
No.
Wow, there's the European project that launched a new satellite next weekend.
It's a modern day thickness of Arctic sea ice and a check on the road like global warring place nits to climb.
Some had suggested that a periodic weather system called the Arctic Oscillation had blown six sea ice from the Arctic during the 90s,
leaving the ice more liable to melt in its foot.
But it's global warming baby.
And we're drowning over here. How do you like that?
Now anyway, getting back to this.
Oh, that's not it.
Getting back to... there it is.
Sorry.
Oh, that's not it.
Oh, see I stopped that one.
Now how do we do this?
Back in time both the same time.
A little outer phase there.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
I'm not sure if I can do this.
See, I bet you nobody thought it could be done.
Marvin Gaye and Ben Harper were doing a duet.
I heard it through the grapevine.
We also got to throw in Gladys Knight and the pimps, don't we?
Throw it out there.
I got that.
Okay.
Now which one is better?
The dramatic girl from Noble Boat
But made it to where my God you know I love you more
And it took her right to her.
And I heard it through the grapevine.
And I heard it through the grapevine.
And I heard it through the grapevine.
And I heard it through the grapevine.
And I heard it through the grapevine.
Ooh, I don't like the sound of that, do you?
Little muffly.
Yeah.
What's the difference?
I bet you want to hold on.
I'm sure it's made to make it.
Nah, I still like Marvin.
But the music on the day one is better.
I couldn't disagree with you more.
I think Ben Harper is 80 times the singer that Marvin gave
Everwood Dream of being even if he was still alive.
All right.
He's got more heart made.
He's got more schmaltz, more soul.
Marvin's a little thin, you know what I'm saying?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
Pretty close, I'll be honest with you.
Pretty close, it's a tough, almost,
side by each and nose to nose.
I think you're right, I think the funk brothers just got better.
Maybe that's it, maybe it's the music.
Or the powerful, yeah.
We have a heat song.
Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that one.
It's the whole world, the whole world, the whole world.
The whole world, the whole world, the whole world, the whole world, the whole world, the whole world.
Hey, I'm not a fool, but what you mean?
I think what we'll do, maybe one of these days.
Not tomorrow, because it'll be too soon.
We're going to get really pissed off about this.
And they probably hated it anyway.
We don't like that song anyway.
It's an old people's music.
But I mentioned the Josh-Ain't too crazy about that song.
It's okay, I'm not a...
I'm not a listener of my own time.
Exactly what I swear, it's okay.
Not great, but it's okay, right?
Don't do it.
How would you rate it as compared to network?
I know it's apples and oranges, but as music goes, as compared to movies, as network hits to movies, as this song hits the music, how much does it mean a comparison?
That song, it's fantastic.
I know what that is.
See what I mean?
The Mario thing.
Obviously.
Of course, I also stop and think about this, and that's back in the early 60s, the recording techniques and all of that.
Not the same as what we got now.
Exactly, they could make the backstreet voice sound like singers in Sweden.
And Ben sounds just real excited to be doing it.
What does that mean?
Like, you know, he's doing a tribute to Marvin Gaye, so he's giving it his all.
Well, if his all wasn't great, then he wouldn't sound so good.
I don't understand what that means.
Or the post-it.
Or the post-it.
He sounds better doing that than any of his own stuff.
Well, what about the other thing?
What about the attentations, huh?
I know you won the first year.
That's actually what Marvin Gaye.
I know, but obviously he's a little bit lazy.
I'm going to say, a van harbor put out a Motown album and did all the Motown songs with the Funk Brothers backing him up.
You would go out and you'd buy 10 copies right away.
Well, one copy, then I'd copy it.
Oh, look at that.
40 dead in three suicides attacks.
We just had that on, but.
They're carrying on about this a little bit of hard.
You understand two of the car bombs detonated in one location, a third in an entire.
Oh, I scum.
Oh, my.
It's your mic is off.
I can't see how we've seen really, Kira.
Since the string of suicide.
Oh, Kira felt the sound.
Ooh, unclean.
I'm clean.
And she gives me the creeps.
I can't.
You know who that is?
I'm seeing her.
She's no longer a news reader.
Not she's an expert right-wing commentator.
Kira Phillips.
She needs to be amputated from the neck down at bitch.
Okay, let's get back to the pool and back to the show.
Okay, enough with this.
The music.
Cockerite.
I don't want to hear that.
973 votes.
That means we'll have over a thousand by the end of this half hour and a lot more than
that.
What do you think?
What do you say?
You don't care.
You see, you can blase.
That's what you say.
If somebody told me 20 years ago that blank, I never would have believed it, that the government
will be stolen by NeoNazi's 256, that gas will be three bucks plus a gallon, 103.
That water will be signed for a bucket bottle, 87.
The rich WM version will be presented for two terms, 85.
That I'll be stuck in South Florida, 60.
Oi.
That radio music would suck this bad, 58.
Then we'd all have cell phones, 44.
That's a terminated, we'd be governor of California, 39.
That NeoRages would be on a radio still, 35.
That freedom of speech would be dead, 32.
Then we'd have the internet, 23.
That there'd be 700 TV channels, 23.
What about the 700 club?
What about it?
That Tadell would still be in power, 18.
The rich Sanchez would still be on TV, 17.
Property value in South Florida would be so high, 16.
The Soviet Union would crumble 10.
Hispanic would outnumber blacks, 10.
That Florida would have a hockey team, 10.
That the Marlins would have two world serieses, is a nine.
That OJ would be a double murder or eight.
The Berlin Wall would come down five.
That poker would be so popular, five.
Poker?
That often would suck so bad, five.
That people would be glorifying Elvis still five.
The media would cave in four.
That I'd still be alive three.
That most talk radio would be right wing three.
That people would be in fetch waiting with reality TV three.
And there'd be movies on DVDs, Solimente Uno.
This is NeoRages.
This is 5.69 AF.
Tom Wouldianlucky.
Hey man, who the hell are you?
I'm Kurt Cobain.
I was in the group Nirvana, man.
I'd have liked them comparing you to me.
You're hard to lousy albums.
I had money hit records.
I was a mop top on top of the world until I married a gook.
And got shot in the head.
Hi, I'm Mama Cass.
Avoid the ham sandwich.
I'm Karen Coffin-Durke.
Can I have it?
I'm Mr. Kim.
I can't tell you anything.
Oh, shit.
The fuck up.
How you doing, Kurt?
I'm Buddy Holly.
Have you seen my glasses?
Hey!
Look at all these other place cards at my table.
Heath Richards, Sinatra, and all of the black crows.
Yeah, they'll be here in town for dinner.
You long head hockey.
You three!
What the fuck?
What's that?
Oh man, that's just the armor that drummer fellers from Death Lea Tardor.
I'm sorry, it's my bad.
Oh!
My best on what did I want?
Baby, baby, baby, I'll make them move.
What I want is bad.
Don't get me.
Sorry, as much as I love Gladys Knight and the Pimps, that even the same league is a...
Sorry, I thought I'd give her a shot.
Hey Gladys!
Poke a Brian reminded me that CCR did a version of that.
The good news is I don't have it.
Good.
Oh, thank the Lord for that.
A couple maker.
I can stop payment on that check.
Five US Army soldiers were killed in Ramadi today by road...
Or yesterday by roadside bomb, the US Marines finally released that news today.
It was yesterday, but they're letting them move the bad news out in little dribbles, you know?
The soldiers were aside of the second Marine Division Marine Expeditionary Force forward
and died while conducting combat operations.
The death spree number of US troops killed in the Iraq War, to 1936.
That's the year that Jesse Owens ran in the Olympics in Munich and pissed off Hitler in 1936.
But it's a bad number for us because that means dead Americans, for absolutely no reasons at all, just to base out of pack of lies.
Let's see, two people were killed and the third was wounded when gunmen opened fire at Al-Mustafa Bakery in the door area in southern Baghdad.
If I took the time to read that, we'd have to go to seven o'clock to read all this list of all the Immortarine bloodshed over and above the three carbons that we just heard about in the last half hour.
How do you like that?
I mean, things are going tremendously well. They'll get me wrong.
Oh, we're fine.
Talk about all the good things that are going on over there. Let's take four or five seconds and do that.
Wow.
96. And if I refresh this and we got a thousand, it's going to be amazing. Won't it be?
Yeah, amazing.
I refresh them. We got a thousand. It's amazing.
Oh, I can't believe how fast you turn on Ben Harper, man. You're a sicker to him.
I'm just standing up from Marvel.
I think it's important, especially considering all the years you're accused of not liking Marvel's game.
I love Marvin key, but he's open to Harper. He ain't no people.
And Harper just blows him away. They're not even close. Not a company.
But I'm not selling no records of Marvin Gaye or Ben Harper.
So what turns does it make?
Oh, Kim, I don't hear like up here, Elliot Kevin Tudot, doing Infomercial and selling stupid ice records.
So I'll listen to it myself. Okay, right here in this studio crank it up.
I'll just blast everybody out of this building.
Actually, in fact, better than that, I could have watched that movie last time instead of that stupid flowers in the attic.
I could have watched my Motown movie again.
In case you want to know what we're talking about, like maybe you want vacation or something,
one of the fine movies of all time standing in the shadows of Motown.
You got to go out and get that steal it, grab it, yank it, watch it.
You're loving about the Funk Brothers. Can we say that?
No, we say that. We're going to get joy.
It's the Funk Brothers. Just be careful how you say it.
Okay. Let's see. Now, what is this, this thing that somebody just sent me?
This looks like one of your friend, your chronic mark looks like Kira Phillips.
It's something about, oh, we were talking about it before.
How many were this?
Long time ago, this was, I saw it on the air live. It was in the afternoon, several days during the Katrina stuff.
And she had Nancy Pelosi on there.
And she's just sucking up for the administration, Kira Phillips is.
And Pelosi said, well, if you want to be a spokesman for the White House, you should go on her payroll.
How many were there? How come you're factoring me all, all, all, all,
crusty stuff, this place of playing all, crusty music?
What's wrong with you?
Just look back at the crowd.
It's not the top of the world.
It's the best thing to go down.
I was just stopping to think about, since CCR did that too, which I wasn't aware of because I hate them like poisons.
Stop and think about all the Motown songs that have been done over and over, like that.
I'm dying out of here.
All the way out.
All the way out.
All the way out.
Now let's see, there was Gacy and the Sunshine Bed. Did one with, what was her name?
I have no idea what her name was.
Remember that?
The least I used to play it.
The diversion of what?
Dancing in the street.
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
You don't remember that?
Oh, I remember that.
You can't even sit down and go with some chicken on her day.
It was pretty good as a matter of fact.
Oh.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Just a full of men.
Now, I'll give you an example, not that I wanted to knock Marvin Gaye, but I'll give you this example.
I'm a full of women here to be your own child.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I'll say it is to be your own child.
See, music and voice was like a little on the lights of it, little gay.
I'm not that I'm knocking Marvin Gaye because I love Marvin Gaye but he just he wouldn't
in the same league with Ben Harper you're you're just waxing a stelder or something
on him.
He's losing your hearing and your age.
Yeah you're waxing it.
I don't be doing that waxy stuff.
He gets your old fine bird all bent out of shape again.
Good.
Because we're here just to get him all bent out of shape.
We hate him like poison like poison.
We wish that like a cockroach would crawl up his leg and climb into his dome just hang
out.
But just make a home.
Maybe that mouse from that movie I saw last night.
That flower is in the attic piece of crap.
So of course to sure though as much as we like Louise Fletcher she's been in some really
crappy movies though.
Same thing and what a good example.
People who are very talented but they have like musicians who get bad music right and
never go anywhere like Ben Harper and those two album musicians and me which both suck.
And like Louise Fletcher was a great actress but she's been in so many turkeys and it's
very sad.
Although it's kind of hard to want once you do kukku's nest it's kind of hard to outdo
that role.
And also you don't really know if the movie is going to leak until you're already well
into it.
Oh it smells.
It smells.
That flower is an attic you could smell the stench.
I mean even though she was taking the bath all the time there just to be like half naked.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the hucka might get an equal time in that movie damn it for
all the day.
What's going on over here?
How come he never took a bath?
WQAM hello.
George is taking the music.
Okay great.
How many QAM hello.
Neil.
I want you to want to consider for your poll.
For our poll they were still building it okay.
Yeah that's great.
Look at the show by the way.
20 years ago someone told me that they're going to impeach a sitting president for getting
a hover.
I wouldn't ever believe that one.
You impeach a president for the hover.
Okay.
Let me ask you while I got you dancing I mean I heard it through the grapevine which one
do you like better.
I'll tell you what Betty Middler did a couple of those Motown things.
I don't know if she did grapevine but she did he wave it was her who spent the last
minute.
Okay thanks a lot pal I have a great day.
See I asked him a question I get a Betty Middler thing.
You know Betty Middler.
I'll bet you don't know who that is.
Anyway.
See nobody wants answer the question.
You know I really don't care.
I like the hard part much better and I love the movie and I don't care what anybody says
to each its own.
George doesn't like network.
I'm going to just watch it again this weekend just out of spite.
I've only seen it about 70 times but it's just you know I there's certain things you
look at and you say what's not to like you know and somebody else say oh that's
I like I just don't get it like Avril Lavigne for example there's another one Josh hates
you're like poison.
I think George would probably do it but Josh is like no I do it.
I know you do it.
When you relax okay oh I think I just turn envelope falls at the table the other room.
This is Neil Roger.
Oh don't wait down that slot.
This five sixteen two eight.
It is and the people I call in they're just like them like that they want me here.
What a call at the weed and they're high and they're high.
I mean it's terrible.
But he is that I've been looked at listening to six ten and I miss here.
So can our home and me.
I'm a
I
I
will
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
Oh
made it through
Curious
Tree
But who
Oh
can
ever
say that that's
Oh
Come down
Oh, right, okay, here's a long time list of faxances if somebody told me 20 years ago that announced a weed would cost almost 500 bucks
I never would have believed it. I was a week cost 500 bucks. Oh, he's getting ripped off. That's not even retail man
I was gonna say better come on up here
I'm not even gonna say just walk outside any day here and wander around and you can smell it in the air
Nobody cares. Nobody's up tight about it. Nobody's worried about the pop police
Nobody's gonna go rip through your car looking for a pin joint in the airstrains just like I told you that it's a different world different life
So good luck to you. Thank you. Let's see Chris as I turn my radio off after you show then turn it back
I'm when the mad dog comes out of notice the mad dog never mentions Mo is part of the lineup
Really? Oh, what do you know he don't mention mo does he hate mo as much as I in the rest of South Florida does?
Yes, that's a good guy
And now they doesn't have to work out those ball games within no mode here probably just ignoring mo
I mean why should he be the only one right like a mad dog be left out?
He you know, he's got pretty good acuity and he got good sense of stuff and anyway
We're we over 1000 votes on the poll. Thank you so much. That's great former FEMA director Mickey Michael Brownie Brown
Was worn weeks before hurricane Katrina hit that is agencies backlog computer systems could delay supplies and put personnel at risk during an emergency
According to an auto released yesterday and in journal review of the FEMA information sharing system shows
It was overwhelmed during the 2000 for hurricane season the other was released today after Brown vehemently defended FEMA for the government's
Dismore response to Katrina instead blaming state local officials for poor planning and chaos during the storm and subsequent funding
The review by Homeland Security Department acting inspector governor Richard L. Skinner no relation to former pirates outfield or a bob Skinner a
Slim FEMA examined FEMA's response to former Joe Hurricanes and proper from the hit Florida and Gulf Coast in August and September
2004 it noted FEMA's mission during the sanctions is rapid response
Coordinating efforts among federal state local authorities
However FEMA systems do not support effective or efficient coordination of deployment operations because there is no sharing of information
The audit found consequently this created operational inefficiencies and hinder the delivery of essential disaster response and recovery services
It said how do you like that?
There you go FEMA screwing up big time. Isn't that like on your bone the FEMA FEMA bone?
I'll take a part on your leg. What is that on your own?
I know what would you just relax dad was pretty feeble
Josh now he's trying to correct me. Well, guess what?
I'm not good for you all I'm speaking of Arctic warming and global all this other stuff fossil fuel said to become
Relics's research group you know us in fact here there are places where they got like little windmills
Inter binds okay, and of course when you fly into Amsterdam you see them like out there in the hinterlands all over the place
Energy drawn from the wind tied sun earth's heat and farm waste is poised to begin
I'm not talking about the old fashioned wind mills by the way energy drawn from the wind tied sun earth's heat and farm waste is poised to begin replacing oil out of their fossil fuels
Thank God a prominent research group said yesterday in a wake-up called industry executives and government officials worldwide
Oh, we can finally cut that long. We got with the Saudis. It's tied to their gowns tied to those lovely outfits
They were energy markets are about to experience a seismic shift Christopher Flavon present Washington DC based world watch
Institute said in a speech to oil executives and energy ministers angel Hannah's birth South Africa said the 18th world petroleum Congress
The question for oil executives is whether you're in the oil business or the energy business
And it's got a picture here winter bonds that produce electricity sping at a wind farm in Da'ban in northwestern China's
Something region for energy-hunt reagent governments the answer could it literally be blowing in the wind it says across the region
We knowable energy such as solar wind and geothermal power is gaining ever greater credences away to curb the region's appetite for oil and
Cartrunway import bills with oil prices near 70 bucks and expected by many aimless to stay were 50 through the end of 2006
Governments believe alternative energy will help keep their economies growing. Okay. How do you like that?
Conference is 5,000 participants included eggs on mobile president Rick Tillerson and Saudi Arabian oil minister Al Naimi
World watch says all those Saudis man. Wow hubman dread to be sure oil accounts for about 30%
World's energy use while renewable energy sources make up a slim 2% however according to flab in the market share renewable energy systems was growing a pace
Whatever that means growing fast a pace
Unlike fossil fuels in which there's a limited supply renewable energy including solar wind and geothermal power and bio fuels
derived from sources that are continually be placed and replenished. How do you like that? What a concept?
We've been going through that long long long time ago
So we got certain people out of our mentioned no names. Okay, Abu Garib or like any oil business and that's what it's all about
So as a result we have to keep you people all hostages of them and they're a pocketbook so they're bank accounts
Speaking of a transportation was I no no and America America West Pazdud
Judd, did you see about this? No, what America West Pazdud
Taking off from Vegas mistitting an air candidate jet by about a hundred feet last night because a controller in the tower confused two plans and issued conflicting instructions
It was planted Beatles on come together and they almost did the controllers been taken off duty said for more training
The episode is under investigation. I see more training like oh, here's a big plane over here. Here's another one over there
America West flight 539 departing for Cleveland was cleared for takeoff about 11 p.m. local time at a runway 25 right in Vegas
At the same time air Canada flight 593 and landed on runway 25 left a parallel runway on a flight from Toronto way
And been cleared to taxi to the terminal across 25 right a collision was averted because the America West plane was airborne
But the time reached the point where the air-candid plane was crossing the America West and their Canada planes were both mid-sized air bus jets
It's a care more than a hundred peoples FAA spokesman said the agency didn't believe the America West plane to flown directly over the air-candid plane
But then investigators are still trying to determine how close the two just I think just a few feet
You look at the window. Oh, it looks awfully close
Me too anyway, what do we got here? I know I'm gonna lose my mind cuz I just remember Todd Rex coming in there two o'clock
So don't like you know
Easy for you to say
This is me
This is 516 Q8
They put the 11 in the back
They put the 11 in the back
See and they throw the back out they put the 11 in the back
See every thread me when they took her out I say mommy
I don't like it with the lines I said mommy I feel a lot less like it was
Mommy
Yeah, I haven't felt this sad
Mommy since they discontinued tab
They put the 11 in the back and they took her door away
They put the life in the best the red is
I used to send them okay with my
Five
my employed Derek. My year olds, we walk
on an hour's length.
Programm.
Laurie.
Dr. her name.
Maybe Dr.
Beper would be better.
Doctor be better.
That'd be a pepper
to doctor.
ally you could
could be
Jimmy. Mommy. Yuck! I cannot buy food. We'll be great. Sometimes I wish I was great.
Hey, what's the lemon in your friendship? I think I cooked it all the way!
I don't want to go to the forest. I don't want to go to the forest. I don't want to go to the forest.
I don't want to go to the forest because I don't want to go to the forest.
I don't want to go to the forest. I don't want to go to the forest. I don't want to go to the forest. I don't want to go to the forest.
I don't want to go to the forest but I can't. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone. I'm gone.
I'm going on the battle rules.
Why I even know all the no-majot rules.
I'm hip to the jib, daddy.
You guys are going back to life.
It's a bad idea when I take this place.
I know I ain't no way of playing me.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
A little smoothing.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
A little bit more.
Well, even with the extra time there, I still couldn't get the job done.
A federal judge's rule that the government has to release more.
Abougar pictures, even though they're like screaming and whining.
It's bad for business.
That's basically what there was, okay?
Andy and Miami said, oh, not Andy that we know.
I don't know.
No, that Andy's not in my hands.
No, is it?
I don't know.
Says, even though a fat ass bush is trying to get everything he can to stop it,
20 years ago, that's right.
That's a good one for the pool.
I never guessed that Florida would get legal slomish in total.
I don't count your slots before they hatch, okay?
Andy, let's call it and tell you.
Yes, Florida would get the slomish in.
Got that, Josh?
Good.
We got it.
So what do we got?
We got 1047 votes.
I thought we'd get to toast to 1100 again today, but they backed off.
They eased off once we get the early 1000, right?
Right.
No problem.
5670560, pound 562, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Got the Mollmys to win two mad dogs.
Three solid hours from 4 to 7, no ballgame.
Marlon's taking a well-needed and deserved and the well, they've been taking several days off lately.
Yeah.
And then Hurricane stuff.
And any cap on at 10 o'clock, I kind of like gloss over that Hurricane stuff because who cares?
WQA and hello.
Not there.
Line 9, QAM.
Okay, so like I said, we don't want to take any calls.
Back during the Bible in the classrooms, it's good.
It seems to work out well.
When I don't want any calls, there aren't any.
Andy.
A group called the Bible Literacy Project is unveiling a 392 page textbook today entitled
The Bible and its Influence, which its members hope will be embraced by English history and
social studies teachers and form the basis of elected high school courses across the country.
Aha.
The project's founder is an investment banker from a powerful family that has long standing ties
to President Bush's family and a history of religious activism.
But the textbook is a secular effort to educate young Americans, many whom say they know so little about
a work so central of Western civilization that cannot grasp basic references to it in literature, music and art.
Ride the Bible.
New York investment banker Chuck Stetson, who we've made a nice hat by the way years ago, established the Bible Literacy Project,
spent years consulting with educators, published various Christian and Jewish leaders, and first of them in experts
in studying polling of students and teachers to come up with a textbook with stand legal scrutiny and fine academic acceptance.
Stetson said in a telephone interview yesterday that his name is to fill a vacuum caused by educators' overreaction to a 63 Supreme Court decision that declared unconstitutional
you signing a Bible readings and recitation of awards, prayers and schools.
See, the headlines red in this are back during the Bible.
Bring it out on the old back door.
Sneak it back in here again.
60% of Americans want to see the Bible talk literature, history or English classes.
8 or 9% of public schools do it, Stetson said.
There are over 1,300 documented biblical alluring.
But you know, that would be like asking how many white people though I would let black people vote no more.
You know, how many white Republicans want to stop all dark folks from voting?
And then we could use that statistics.
Same as this crack.
There are over 1,300 documented biblical allusions in Shakespeare.
If kids don't understand the biblical allusions, they don't understand Shakespeare.
You know what I would say to that?
Screw Shakespeare.
Okay, you first.
Do we need to do a rich Shakespeare?
I don't think so.
And especially that merchant of Venus.
Many educators, parents and historians, share his concerns.
A Gallup poll last year found only about half a teens knew the story of turning Jesus
with Jesus during water into wine and close to one intended and know what the Easter holiday observes.
Good. That's a good sign.
That means there's still some hope.
Stetson said neither was Rupinor.
It's textbook is advocating the teaching in public schools of intelligence design as an alternative to evolution.
There are other people fighting that battle.
He said we want to move from battle ground to common ground.
I differentiate between knowledge and belief steps and said knowledge belongs in schools.
Belief is appropriate in the home and other places but not in schools.
Well, he makes a point there but he's still full of crap.
In 1999 he teamed up with the First Amendment Center to release a guard on how to teach aspects of the Bible and public schools
without violating the constitutional separation of church and state.
That joy adventure won endorsements from groups representing Muslim Jews and evangelical Christians as well as
the National School Board's Association and the Liberal Advocate group people for the work in way.
Are you vague?
Charles Hain, senior scholar with the First Amendment Center who's reviewed the New Textbook, also worked with Stetson's group to develop new teaching guides six years ago,
said yesterday, I believe this really upholds the First Amendment and is sound educationally.
Well, that's a first of all. He got lawpers, man.
Lawpers. When it's out, keep it up. Quit teaching fairy tales.
Stick to important stuff, not a bunch of man-made garbage, not a bunch of idiotic brainwashing.
But then again, you get the glory of the Jews and the Muslims together. What do you expect?
Yeah. A bunch of idiotic crap.
All those Middle Eastern religions really suck by the ones.
Oh, God.
Four years after the nation's deadliest terror attack, evidence is accumulating that a super secret Pentagon intelligence unit identified the organizer of the 9-11 attacks Muhammad Ahtah as an Al-Qaeda operative months before he entered the USA.
The many investigations of 9-11 have turned up a half a dozen instances in which government agencies possessed information that might have led investigators to some part of the terrorist plot, although in most cases not a time to stop it in most, not all.
But none of those leads likely would have taken them directly to Atah, the Egyptian architecture student who moved to the US from Germany to take flying lessons and later served as Al-Qaeda's US field commander for the attacks.
Had the FBI been alerted to what the Pentagon purportedly knew in early 2000, Atah's name could have been put on a list of what have tagged him as someone to be watched.
The moment he stepped off of plane and worked through Jersey in June of that year, 2000.
Physical and electronic servants of Atah, who lived openly in Florida for more than a year, and who acquired the driver's license and even an FAA pilot's license in his true name,
might well have made it possible for the FBI to expose the 9-11 plot before the fact might well, Atah's presumed to have been the Jack Asset to control some American flight 11 when it struck the North Tower of the World Trade Center September 11.
The FBI has reviewed the voluminous records of its extensive 9-11 investigation and can find no mention about Atah before 9-11, a senior FBI official said,
if the Pentagon knew about Atah in 2000 failed to tell the FBI, it could be a problem.
It's worth their sand. How do you like that? Could be.
In other words, it's like all the other agencies they don't talk to each other. They got big fat egos. You know what I'm saying?
What do you say? Kind of like that.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
A bastard.
Absolutely.
A man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a
man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who is a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man who was a man
of mass destruction. I'm trying to overcome.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash-croft is saying,
I have nothing to hide. Table-parkers all are saying,
I know being a cattle don't ask any reservations,
out of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall in hell of virgin and scoped
with no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the balls and the right.
We can freely get over it, over it too, offering wasp and hurt by raqasso.
Weapons of mass destruction.
Are you sure only I raqasso? Weapons of mass destruction.
Bye bye bye!
