All right, Neil Rogers is going to be here for the next four hours, and Neil will provide
a mirth and some serious talk as well. Nobody combines it better than he does. This is like
an honor to be a lead into Neil. This is not exactly something I dreamed about, you know,
getting up at this hour, but the pre-seed Neil show, that's fantastic. I've known Neil.
We've worked together at stations for a long time now. I remember the first time I met Neil.
I was a guest on his show when he was doing a show in South Miami at night.
And somebody had asked me something that I was in the newspaper about what my favorite radio show
was, and I said I never missed Neil Rogers. I wound up in those days, Neil had guests,
and I had more fun doing that show with him that night. Now I'm going to have fun listening to him
for the next four hours, as usual. I'm sure he'll have a pretty good spin on what's going on here
at 5.60, QAM. By the time these people get done with it, it's going to be
280, 60, 280. Excuse me, I messed that up. I'll get it right.
280, QAM. Hello. Hello. The first time you met me was not on that show. Was it at the track?
No. It was on the Larry King show in IOD. Really? We were both guests. There was a panel of
the Generic Gamera. Still, Salsman was on it. Sivishai in one night. Wow. How do you like that for
memory? I don't remember that. Yeah, I remember it as a kind of everybody in town out of their money.
Did we loan them any that night? Thank God no. But I don't even remember I came down to the U.A.
I'm from the U.S. Yeah. And I also run with Tony Cigarette on I.N.Z. Yeah. That's right.
But I had more fun doing that show you that night. Well, I'm glad you did because I hated that place.
Yeah, I know about the place. Yeah. But if you were doing a much different kind of show in those days.
Oh boy. I want to apologize to everybody for it too. Oh brother.
Hey, it didn't matter. You've done all kinds of different formats within your own. Just give me the money, man.
Give me the money. I'll do whatever you want. Okay. Yeah. I'm doing this for the money.
You know, he said something to me yesterday. But you don't love us. Oh boy.
I could do the next four hours on that. I just want to see the check. You know.
Hey, you told me to add a couple of years ago. You said money in one day.
Exactly what you said. You don't let stuff follow you. Right. Well, it's not easy with this crowd.
No, it isn't. They push it to the limit. So who's on from 4 to 7 today?
I have no idea. Any do today. Don't lose too much today. I'm just, you know what?
I'm, but I'm not going to go on stream. So I'm okay.
Oh, I got to tell you a little story because it's on our dime anyway. Yeah.
I'm at Woodbine last night at the slots, which of course, George Cortes says, real guys don't play slots.
And the woman next to me who's a nasty brother, nasty as bitch in the whole place, she hits the,
and I had played that machine. I'm sitting to her right because it got cold. I thought.
And she had the three real fortunes for 128 grand. Oh, God.
And I like an hour. So what a come up an hour before I would have had it. I wouldn't be here right now.
No, we call. Yeah. You get that for sure, don't you? Yeah, right.
Yeah, 128 bucks per show. You got how many people go out there? You know, they've got this.
You know, they're going to vote on slots here very soon, probably in March.
Although there are people out there who are already trying to stop it. Yeah.
But I don't think they're going to win this. They are. You got to board again,
looted ticks and you got the dog racing people who aren't fooling anybody.
I mean, the dog racing out the, in the business, but I mean, the opponents.
And then you got the Indians who, you know, wanted all for themselves. Right.
Donald Trump is doing them. You guys see that? I hope the Indians watch it or we're going to stick
default on him again. I don't teach them. Have a great day, Hank. You're too new. See you. Yep.
I found a hoe.
And you I'm listening.
Go go go. What does that mean?
I had a chick named Dave.
One day she flew away to Tijuana where the moon is.
The moon is.
What did I write when censorship there are words in mustard slip?
To truly tell you how I feel.
Parking.
Yeah.
Parking.
Yeah.
So.
Oh.
If you see K.
If you want to.
I'll see you.
What are you?
Now if you see K.
Tell her I'm a service day.
And the SBC won't let me sing this song. I will.
Okay. Now if you see K.
Take her hand.
That after this transmission.
I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh.
If you want to.
Then I'll see you.
You want to go.
I got to see you.
You want to.
Yeah.
Why?
It's 103 and 560 W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
W.
How can this be.
Every day we have this conversation before the show.
And I just scratched my head and my ass.
How is it that any company, any group of management people
can be this idiotic?
If it's anybody, anybody, does it take a genius to figure out?
Whatever it is, give it to them.
Get the deal done.
Sign it and stuff.
Drag it.
It's not amusing anymore.
It's embarrassing.
It's humiliating.
It's degrading. It's debilitating all the rest of us. The sponsors haven't got any idea who'd help
See this is another reason we've got nothing on the log on this show anyway. I don't know about the rest of the day
We got nothing nothing right?
Nothing. Well, that's the nothing.
Well pretty damn close not enough to pay your salary. What does that tell you? Nothing. Not enough to pay josh's salary and
Less than nothing and that's because you'd like to got a call a couple of days ago
How can you forget that call a sponsor no less and advertise it who likes
Who's on the station? But he would like to know what he's buying
You know is it just a pig in a poke maybe he's buying the fat boys show
Poke the pig don't get me started on fat boy. Why do I Jeff?
Hi is the anti Christ. He's the fat anti Christ the end of the world is right deep inside his film balls
I'm trying to hurt me. You think the tsunami was bad
That's what we start on leashing the torrent
You think those people have died in a month so I had to pay it. Oh, yeah
Start caguring this up in your mind
Just a walking piece of elephant dog next fat boy. Let's Jeff. Hi for you
Hi, a pali you idiot you loser loser loser man first of you zero and then loser
Anyway, here's a fact from Keith who says and regard to yesterday show which we had a phenomenal response Keith
By the way Keith your full of crap
I did mention the monkeys in Josh Gordon's Hill
I'm sure he'll admit it right now is an oversight. He was he was inundated with thousands of theme songs am I right?
That's right. I was just you know too overloaded he was overloaded man just like fat boy overloaded just like me and Hank in the
Moe overloaded with fat all the good old Jews anyway, so it says
Gene you know I can't believe no one put the theme from the monkeys in the pool
This is by far the one or only theme song that everyone recognizes instantly
Well guess what everyone you're full of crap because anybody out of the age of a hundred don't remember the monkeys anyway
Is it the best? Yes the most catchy yes people people give the monkeys their due Hawaii 50 oh please says Keith
Good that in fourteen dollars of my six cups of coffee okay at Tim Hortons or the monkeys my
Here's the winner. I'm yesterday's pool
He has the house for baby Joan
Or Peter's
Solid
Please
Oh!
Too late.
Sorry, he lose.
It's news you lose.
And that was number one without giving the Arunda, which will take another half an hour.
And number two, right on the ass of that one, is a pretty good battle, and that connect
nose to nose all the way through.
Number two.
Speaking of fact, one.
Yeah.
No, right.
Two of the thing with this thing is, it just doesn't mean anything.
Right.
Right.
Part of it.
That's a building.
Yeah.
It's going to.
I think I ever get to go in with my gun.
It's going.
Is there?
There too, Miami Cubs with a hot new beach.
There on the streets fighting crime.
They pop at the end of Captain Face Air.
In Allenville, Vice.
We got a problem.
The great game sets the world of tricks.
We can't admit that the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the
early bird special after seven.
Let's go get them.
Stop it, nothing.
Clean up the streets.
Hey, lady, you can't cross the area.
You'll have to cross in the light.
There, there, there, there, there.
We clean up the smoking business.
All right.
Just get out of the ass.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife.
Watch the charge.
You can touch it and powder.
I'm going to press time.
Let's see that wife stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over her under bags in here.
Of what?
Wait and love.
My restaurant is paying out of the government.
Yes, they're coming in, by the cuts of a hot movie in Allenville, Vice.
We're being disformed on MBC.
Let's talk it off of Clean Sweat, Frawley, Old Farts, and SoundFroader.
Right?
They put every deli.
They put puppardish out of business.
They put wolfies out of business.
They put anything else.
The original corkies out of business.
That made a bit of changing neighborhood situation.
But nevertheless, you know what I mean by changing neighborhoods?
I do.
Good.
And anyway, that's what the old fart stood.
Those were the days, man.
The Allenville Sunny Rosenberg stuff.
That was good.
Good stuff.
Allenville City.
Come on, here.
You want to get a Roger's off the air.
They were going to build a big shield.
They should have talked to Bush and Aldi and the O'Connor's about building a big,
a missile defense, a radio defense shield around Allenville to keep the signal out.
And of course with our signal, you don't need to build any shield.
You can just hold up your hand.
Hold up your hand in front of the radio, folks.
That'll block us out.
That's the QAM safety guard.
Just told anything like a piece of onion paper.
What do they call it?
Onion skin.
Yeah.
Hold your foreskin in front of the speakers.
Here is the poll from yesterday.
What's your favorite TV theme of all time from any kind of show?
Like I said, Hawaii 5.0.
About two seconds.
That's it.
169 votes.
Miami Vice.
136.
Pretty good battle all the way through with Hawaii 5.
Oh, finally pull her way in the stretch.
Sanford and Sun 79.
That's pretty interesting.
Yeah, that's good.
Move the fast.
All in the family 56.
Mesh 54.
Peter Gun 50.
So Prano's 49.
Actually, these votes are pretty, I like the way this came out.
Cheers for cheers 49.
Sorry Tom.
Tom Jekot says cheers.
Maybe in honor of a little Tommy, we could play just a couple of seconds of the theme from cheers.
Oh, I hate it.
I hate the theme that I hate to show worse.
Which is worse, the theme or the show?
The theme.
Oh, it's not.
I think it's good show, but it's not.
Not here.
Suck.
Magnum PI 44.
The Simpson's 33.
The Rockford Files 33.
The greatest American hero.
I like that.
Joey Scarborough 32.
William Cat.
He was the son of the Jefferson's 31.
Well, a lot of people don't know that.
In fact, most people don't know who he is either.
Okay.
Ducca has a 29 with the very pretty John Schneider and all those other, those have to be the worst
characters of any show it's ever been on the air.
Yeah, and the Ducca has it.
I mean, just for days.
Well, what kind of mentality does that appeal to?
I guess middle America now, the red states.
On a Twilight Zone 27, but Anza 27.
Lauren Green, I'll see you with Michael Aiden, he's dead, Dan Blocker, he's dead, and the
other one's dead too.
What was his name?
I'll print out.
I'll rob it.
Well, I don't remember your mind, man.
It's pretty damn good.
But Anza 27, Fish and Impossible 26.
That should have been better than that.
Absolutely.
And I outta here, what is with you people?
I thought they were doing pretty good.
Better than that.
And then I take a look at that.
Mission Impossible is way down on the list.
Jesus.
Tasting your Tuckish, man.
Just like Greg Green took us to hell on a hand-basket and didn't bring us back.
Nice going, Greg, you idiot.
Get man to decide and cut the crap already.
Okay, it's not funny.
It's not on using.
It's disturbing.
It's just stressing.
It's idiotic.
It's pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
It is absolutely unacceptable.
Okay.
Jesus.
These people are running a radio station.
Who the hell are they?
James Bond and Good Times 23.
Oh, I love that Good Times.
Where is it?
Let me find it.
That's just a Fissue of it.
I don't think it's honest, is it?
Oh, thank God.
Isn't that a good break for you, huh?
Good times.
I don't know.
I don't understand it.
I just for the life of me.
Even Josh thinks it's okay.
And of course, you know, I don't know what you will show.
I hated the theme.
I think I was a little kid.
I hated it.
No, you see, I got the other way.
I didn't like to show it all.
No, the show was horrible, but I was a little kid.
I don't know what you're saying.
I mean, I think J.J. Walker should have played Ray Charles, don't you?
The bad can.
No, not me.
Yeah.
That would have been great.
I'll finish the rest of the full after we do the break, because we got so many spots today.
Oh, yeah.
Nice job by the sales department, by the way.
I got a story about from my teddy bear.
What the hell happened to them?
I'm going to start making real,
the normal people that used to be on here or are supposed to be on here or want to be on here.
And art on the year because our crack sales department is too busy with their crack problem, you know what I mean?
Rack, yeah.
And that's their crack problem.
Like Oprah had that big crack problem when she was all ballooned up most of her life.
Every time she'd been over she had a big crack problem.
There she's got a little sales department's problem.
I think they're snortin' it.
1013 at 560 WQMU.
Meal.
Yeah.
Would you really better have a farmer?
Stop laughing and we'll be public in commerce.
Oh, for now we won't be able to get any dollar.
If the vacuum's in for those prestige.
Yes, wouldn't you really rather have a farmer?
We can get away with maybe the vehicle like that, because we're a giant mega-billion dollar corporation with different contracts but for sure we're moving people.
We can move people, we can't tell us like any.
So get out there and find one of these top-of-the-twigs.
Would you really rather have a farmer?
A neo-con farmer not a farmer?
Nothing more impressive than a farmer?
Well, we're public in that big weird.
I wonder if our Prince Harry wants to be a Republican Nazi queer.
What do you think?
We're good to that story.
I told you, the real name is not whatever it's supposed to be.
Windsor or whatever the House of Wind could write.
Their name is Battenberg.
There are a bunch of joymins, man.
The whole royal family, you brits.
You sell your ass brits.
I think the other cent Prince Harry to Auschwitz all write and give them a little shower would be good.
He looks like he could use a shower.
No, don't you tire those people, man.
The brits, they did the laundry for tomorrow.
I got a pull for tomorrow, but I don't want to sproo it.
I don't want to tip it off because then they'll be combing stuff today.
In the meantime, today is just, here's two names you can put on there to get it started, Josh.
Okay.
Before I give the rest of the result.
Oh, and good news for George.
Guess what I found on the bottom, this good machine.
What was another top one, right?
Oh, let's watch Esther Wool.
It's about a hill.
I did like this for a long time.
Yeah, he was great.
Oh, he's so good.
Mother's death, no, not mother's death.
She was funny too, mother.
Oh, she was a terrible, with that prune wrinkled up old face.
What was his, what, weezy?
Weezy.
Anyway, here's the poll today, and these are the two you can start with, Josh.
Andy Griffith and Buddy Epson, EBSEN.
What's the question?
Oh, the worst TV actor actress ever is or was, we should have a huge list, just like Esther.
It should be some more fun.
The worst TV actor actress ever is.
Just call up and name anyone you've ever seen on TV.
All right, just give us a list of names, like 5,000 names we don't care.
Anyway, getting back to you is, yeah, well, we don't care.
So anyway, good times head to 23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
23.
34.
28.
You mean for people say that haven't yeah, it's like when they talk about the marksman
It's like groucho harfo gumbo and chico. What is that like my Emma? Oh, God like Irv shinler. My Emma beach my Emma
Come on or cut the crap you boy
Tico and man seven start track next generation seven Dallas seven of six for six feet under well
That figures Superman six per race and head six. How do you do the show six six million dollar man six see how that fits in?
Six feet under head six and the six million dollar man had six and he by the way Jerry
Wicks or how those sandwiches come with a six million dollar man
I'd be a ma genie six five for night ridership moonlighting speed racer raw hide out our limits and part of me Jones who always gives his man
Amos and Andy show Mickey Mouse club dynasty dynasty and Amos and Andy those are the two that Moe wanted here
He's way downer as usual
We're gonna explain what do do do do do do do means come on cuz he didn't understand what that is all about
We'll explain to you. We're cutting educate him into the world of
Miles humor dynasty for happy days sex in the city flipper debut crock at root 66 mr
Red Murray tell them we're show you F. Oh, you have oh those all had four three
See it's easier when you do it this way. I can clumps. Okay. Yeah, I've noticed that three one
Otherwise and take me an hour to do all of this it's ponderous man
But those people are called these in or fact them and they want to know how their thing didn't if they're not anywhere computer
Or they don't have a computer or they're just too stupid to figure it out
We'll just three for this week in baseball quantum leap alias that'll start galactica the rifleman
Bewitz the O.C the Brady Bunch to a piece for Starsky and Huckstreet's the San Francisco the Untouchables mighty mouse
West Wing Harry O. That's Harry. Oh, I'm welcome in the middle and my PD blue love American style
Manics and I love loosely. Oh, I love loosely when I had two. I wasn't very good thing
No, one of these hard wonder woman facts a life man from uncle Vernon squirley Maud white shadow the practice
Baywatch and look look at all the ones that had the big had nothing see
I don't understand why people faxed him or call a man
We didn't put any of these on there you people did and then you don't devote for them all the time
What's matter with you man?
They must be related to management to the ownership of this radio station the butchers the butchers of broadcasting man B&B
I mean that's what the BB in BBGI stands for butchers of broadcasting
Butchers of broadcasting G. I don't understand. That's what BBGI is all about got it. I got it
No votes for LA law lasty fantasy island
She's look what he puts on here eight is enough eight is enough not eight is enough
What a simple pimple man Charlie's angel Spencer fry Reming against deal can't can and had no votes
I'm calling the president of this one the cause be show man about you Gomer piles dark shadows the Donna show show my three sons and I still
We didn't all had the big over 1500 votes pretty good total there
Huh indeed okay now?
Well, I feel like we accomplished something this first half hour any grip of the dude you say because I only see a new grip
I think I can eb I'm ready for him eb S. E. N. I even spelt it for you
This is it all right get with it. I mean I want to griffeth just
We put Tony dance on there. So I have
Oh gee he makes me and he's got a talk show kind of Tony dance is gonna talk show talk about a wrinkled old prune man
Jesus what is his story? What's it once upon a time about like 20 years ago?
He didn't look too bad, but then again
So is he open his mouth and start talking? Oh jeez
I'll tell you the worst guido is in the history of America and guidos are an American phenomenon
Okay, real Italians are in Italy and for the most part
Guidos are in New York the worst gridos is that gotty family. Oh, yeah, Jesus
Those children those kids are hers many to be bitch like both of them and all their friends too
What a bunch of losers are fed into a woodchipper?
That sounds like a great idea. Let's him do a Fargo
5 6 7 let's look where the mh. Macy get a hold of them
I can't imagine when he do them in the Magnolia 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5
We better do the meat of curtain to we got a fine picture today, man
El McPherson who is looking about as good as it can be boobies the whole rail got a lot of pictures of El will be
See in most of them if the El McPherson born March 29th 1963 in Sydney North New South Wales, Australia
Let's see if it were 4th 2003 gave birth to a second son a child named or we just sigh Andre
What is that? Why do people do that with a funky names? Huh or we just sigh Andre?
Yeah, that's her kid's name anyway her filmography is a not it goes on for about 75 pages soft Kensington a
Girl thing that was a many TV series with friends like these the edge
Batman and Robin the mirror has two faces if Lucy fell Ricky would catch her Jane Eyre air
Sirens Alice in the mid portrait of me Campbell on this universe
2001 she was the host you know that no last museum history of man in two shows something
47 annual TV week log you Olugey awards
The Orange British Academy film awards a Rob Bertha celebration
Butopia celebrity profile your personal best with El McPherson shonston throwing their belt on
I must be a Prince Harry's favorite shonston throwing developed a day with herself or celebrated 94 swimsuit issue video and
Red for a sexually 80s 101 biggest celebrity ops oops actually was called oops happy birthday to you and then like
Guess the appearances she was on all kinds of stuff. Well she on with Howard sperm
He's not not on there. Well, I wonder she's not that famous. She was on friends your favorite show. Yeah, fact
She was on friends that she started in life
She's been all over the place El McPherson has a fabulous photo there if you're over the age of 55 on the beat of curtain
Now we'll get about two three thousand names because there's so many bad actors now. What's the guy on the
Is he in London the soprano is what's that the Guido guy speaking of Guido's the attacking guy who I always talk about being the worst damn actor
Connect is wet of a paper sack. He's also a new oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Danny. I yellow. Danny. I yellow man. Oh man. I'm buttering
Hello, when I hear the name Danny. I yellow. He's definitely got connections man. He is so wooden man
He couldn't act as wet about paper sack if you're stuck that gun at the
Michael found bin at turlord that pulled same toilet and Louise in the Bronx if you stuck that up as as he still could
Act Danny. I yellow. That's a I E L L. Oh, you got it. I
Want to spell these out for because I don't want to aim more eight is enough that I
Enough. What is that? Oh, no deck wrap is
William's was natural mister you better get your act together. William's he said it right the first time. Yeah
But the day that they all drops trial and Willie Ames
I
Remember after the holidays how you used to toss the Christmas tree away
Oh, we're not in the way where the folks at the adkins diet remind you the entire Christmas tree contains less than five
Carbs and is packed with 15 essential vitamins and minerals
Introducing the actions Christmas tree recipe book the kids would just love Douglas for our cereal
Mommy this is great
And the whole family can dig into spruce trail mix
Don't drag your nutritious Christmas tree to the curve this year turn it into cereals trail mix and even sandwiches
Soops and salads and it eliminates the need for bathroom sprays later
In the
Adkins Christmas tree recipe book I'll take them all now at a bookstore near you
Yeah, I'm pining for it 10 30 and 5 60 kilo now. Here's a fact in your right. He's not a TV guy Toby McGuire
We do a big but yeah, it's TV. I thought he doesn't do TV worst act wherever he seems so well
It's painful to watch him try. I don't know because I never saw I don't watch Spider-Man
I didn't watch your sea biscuit worth those the two movies in yeah, Spider-Man one two and eight sea biscuit. He was
In what do you call it oh?
My favorites what do you call it?
Siderhouse is cider house
Siderhouse rules with my which my chalcane. Oh, I love my good can. That was a good movie. What's not to like with Michael?
Can he's great. He didn't hurt it
No charges in West Virginia chicken torture
I'm trying to land the boy up here Morgan town West Virginia criminal charges will not be filed against workers
who allegedly tortured chickens and a West Virginia processing plant a prosecutor said yesterday
They're struggling land or boy or para casa Jenny Conley acting executive director the West Virginia prosecuting attorneys
Institute and what counties prosecutor had struggled to find a lawyer willing to serve a special prosecutor in the case against former employees of the
Pilgrims pride core plant in more field after reviewing the evidence and comparing with other prosecutors
I've made the decision the incident does not rise to the level of a criminal prosecution during the fact that these were chickens in a slaughterhouse
She said they're struggling land or boy or para chicken chickens in a slaughterhouse. You choke them. You're slaughter, right?
Eventually for the ethical treatment of animals. Oh boy. You're a very favorite organization your buddies
Pita people for the ethical treatment of animals quickly condemned the decision and bother keep fighting just like they're fighting that
The slots which we're getting to that in a minute in July p to release secretly be created video of workers stomping kicking and slamming chickens against walls at the
Memorial plant Texas based Pilgrims pride fired 11 employees
Reeducated its workforce at all 24 North American plants and added quality assurance monitors on both ships in more field
Pilgrims pride is among the largest portrait producers in the US in Mexico
It is a major supplier to KFC which Pita has targeted an ongoing animal cruelty campaign
Oh the Colonel is rolling in his grave because of those Pita people
It's one thing to be an animal lover. It's another thing to be a fanatic fanatic animal religionist fanatico tree hunter
Ananacola animal person just over the top too much too much fanatico antis smoking right fanatico antis
Semite like the your royal family. I'm sorry. W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
First call that he sounds a little shaky to me
Hello, yes sir. I got a name for the list right ahead pali
Chuck Norris Chuck Norris is fantastic, but he's not on television. He was wasn't what was in still is and what a
Walker Texas Ranger. Oh, that's right. I forgot all about that because I don't watch it
I avoid it like to play you're right Chuck Norris is a good choice. He is horrible. He is ridiculous
He's gonna have naked pictures of somebody if that he's got some
After he's the martial arts guy they just hired him to get out of here martial arts my ass
What is he?
Hey, I got one for the pole. Okay, David Kurso
David Kurso. Oh, I hate him and just a look at him makes me want to vomit. Thank you
I love that that David Kurso with that orange hair and I factored your favorite
Did you I'm surprised you didn't put it down first it hasn't come over yet. Well don't tell me
I'm not gonna tell you no. I'm not gonna give you a clue. You're gonna you're gonna wish that you could change your vote
Oh, I already did change my vote. I voted for Danny I owe. Yeah, I'm so mellow because I'm out of Danny I owe Danny's
I'm gonna be a fellow Oscar winner compared to this guy. Oh, yeah
Oh, by the way, why don't apologize for some bad misinformation that Bokka Brian gave us yesterday
Let me give you a little bit of a audio clue
Do you know who I am? I'm all green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
We don't want to hear about your bones. Okay, but anyway, he's still alive. What's his name the actor?
Rocco. Alex Rocco. He's still alive. They hit it with five shots and he's still alive
I just love the way Celetto says that and that's seen he's talking to Tom Hagen and he's still alive
Anyway, that's a really good choice
Whatever the hell it got just said what do you say? The orange hair guy David Kurso. Yeah
Let's see so far. Tony dances got eight Anthony Anthony Griffith
Oh
It's got five Danny. I always got my vote
But not so much on it yet because we haven't got older names on it where we will we'll have a million votes on there
I don't see any facts coming over this name that you keep threatening to tell me I don't see it. Are you sure you're Senate? I'm positive
Ain't coming I put it in there feverishly okay. I'll bet you that WQ. I am hello
WQ. I am hello
WQ. I am hello
Setician for the ball yes, sir
Um
Yeah, I'd love to hear it okay
Absolute wolf guy
Fances with a wolves guy. He's a TV guy. You're talking about the
Kevin car Kevin car is the most boring man. I don't know. He doesn't do TV though. That's no TV
That's right. No problem
But you're right never when we do the movie one you got it. Thanks. Okay. Hey Kevin Carman
Just absolutely no personality devoid of any talent whatsoever another guy
It must have a total album of naked pictures of high profile personalities politicians etc
They can't hold him the back after he had me better picture the Pope and drag or excuse me the Pope isn't drag permanent
Yeah, I still I hear a little beeping on my fax machine
But now you've been the peak my curiosity and if that thing don't come over you're gonna be in a very
I'm sure my plan think of it already. Oh
Now you're probably and maybe it's Will Smith. Yeah, oh really? Yeah, see and the thing hasn't come over yet
Will Smith never get his ass on there. He oh he's oh yeah, whoa
And now just after I said it now the facts is coming over. How come that took so long?
I have some problem on your end again a technical snafu with you. I'm gonna be unusual. Mark it down post
Anyway, 13. It's an unlucky day for you
Reach it back out a couple of them come over here one says
Oh, I don't see that other one never came through. Oh the Will Smith anyway. Jay and Davie says
For the pool the cast of Baywatch, but seriously if I pick one I'll take John Stamos. Oh come on pick it on blacky now
Shame on you, but whatever you like John Stamos
Hey get out of here. You're just jaded. Oh, I am he used to be real. In fact, he still is pretty good
You're biting by his pretty mouth. Yeah, you can't see how bad of an actor he is also I heard and get out
He's bad actor. He's like, uh, you know run to the mill. He's banned
Also, I heard a commercial for the comic Richard Jenny on the stage normally. I don't find him that funny
But there's part of the commercial. I like he said something
Along the lines of you have to respect each other just people because if they don't will we'll or if you don't they will kill you
Very good Jay and Davie excellent
That's just the facts here. Oh, is this the one that says oh there it is
Will Smith right up there in bright lights somehow french prince of bill or can't have pulled on him on the big screen
We're still stuck oh he is I still say he should have played Ray Charles either him or J. J. Walker
Do you think right? Well, we've uh done it pulled it off. Yeah, he played the Muhammad Ali which I find most amusing the me and that uh
Brother don't you when you see Will Smith don't you think of my him and Ali right away all the time worst actor actress
Oh, yeah, here we go some good choices coming in now. I like it the guy who played and my bad yesterday
I remember I was talking about the bad characters from happy days. Yeah, I remember about Totsi. I guess in Williams
I mentioned you talked over followed closely by Donnie most the guy who played Ralph Malf Donnie most the most is with the least is Donnie
Most nanson Williams you got it. We got him is that is the answer or anus
Also, if the useless knowledge file clagging up my mind. It's important stuff has no room for right answer the name
Chico or Chico was in Chico Marx's name was pronounced like Chico
Even grow up your pronounce that way because his groucho told it
Chico was called that either because he chased the chicks or because he ate a lot of chicken as a teenager
It was originally spelled CHIC K. Oh Chico
Yeah, I didn't just imagine that it wasn't just my pathetic or riding old mind decaying and
Of putrefine as I near that dirt nap. No, it wasn't it wasn't that that's another story
That's sitting there watching this old Italian bitch
I've been right next to me at that machine. I could have been sitting there man. It could have been a moment for greatness
Nothing that would change my life, but why her why this bitch this nasty evil door that that one day tried to push me down on a floor
And like I want to get into a puzzle over a machine, okay?
Of all the people in there why did I have to be this bitch and I'm good? There is no god
I'll tell you there's the proof right there
Maybe he's punishing you for your heath and wife. She put in her last 40 bucks in that damn machine
And when those three wheel of fortunes came up she didn't know what else she had
Should have been the end of my fist and a teller what else she want. Oh, man
And then they're all gathering around you know into pictures and all the crowd
I should have just got up from my chair and said hey, this is the dumbest bitch in the nastiest piece of crap
Everybody beat her up curl from West Palm Beach says I have two actors for the worst ever on TV
Vincent's on a frio one of the law and order criminal intent and David cruiser. We got David cruiser already
Yeah, what is that with the orange here? I think only comic book here
Now we got the boogster which we like boog a lot. He does have orange here. Yeah, and
No, I mean that doesn't make him a bad guy. He's just that he's got a head for uh
Well, that's right if they put him on TV they better do something about that. He's gonna have to die it
You know, I mean, I was waiting or what we did that. I mean, die. I mean die. I mean
You have to die in the hair no, I will like anything like dark black recent formula man anything
Maybe he maybe he'll get into the Greek thing
But uh just I don't know. There just aren't too many people with cartoon color here
You know purple and orange are generally like in Joe Poluka right right Tony Danza, but that was you came up with that right? Yeah
Well Tony Danza really blows. He is just obnoxious and that's how he is man is that something or what he's not just a bad actor
But he's a vicious he can't he is he's nauseating. He's another Guido by the way. Yeah, Tony Danza
What's your first name? Goddie? What is your name? Victoria. Oh, that's right Victor
I should know because I had around my show years ago
Back to those boring days Hank was talking about why the guests tacking
Victoria God broad then to uh she was nasty, but uh yeah
Tony Danza uttered a lot for their two kids those greenos man
You can just you bring them in the TV like smell the grease just coming through the screen
No, yeah, we need to prove alone to pursue
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's all but you're so bad
Assisticated. Yeah, that's right. Make him look like a road scar make him look like an MIT professor
34 votes Tony Danza 13 the worst TV actor actress ever
Technoros 8 and he griffin five will Smith has got three body ifsons got appear, but he always gets his man
Critics are calling a sure fire Oscar nominees
Don't miss close, but no cigar
Sorry get Academy Award best actor nominee Johnny Dan best supporting actress nominee Michelle Fypert
Best second unit assistant director nominee Steve Johnson best key grip nominee Jake Spoon
Best best boy nominee Billy Spoof best onset catering service nominee
Hungry Hollywood caterer to the stars best dedication and the end credits to a stunt man who died during the making of this film
nominee in memory of the late crazy Jake McGurk
You'll find all of these and more in close but no cigar
The movie that begs the question why should I go see it if nobody in it is good enough to actually win an Oscar
Close but no cigar
It's got a one and five chance of coming soon to a theater near you
1045 we're looking for bad TV actors netresses. We know how many actresses on her you're doing now yet very good busy
Terry should visit Auschwitz
They're saying oh you have to see the
Headlines and the pictures and the front pages of the Britney's papers like the tabloid the sun
I say it Harry the Nazi
Britain's Prince Harry. Oh speaking to people with orange hair
You have an order stat orange Harry orange Harry. He is
What can I say?
Britain's Prince Harry was being encouraged to make a public apology and visit the Auschwitz death camp after he was photographed
We're in a Nazi uniform in a party. I'm telling you again
I told you for years you people think I'm joking about this stuff do a little research do a little a reading read that
Or the royals by kitty Kelly book the house of Windsor the Windsor's actually were the
Batonburgs was their original name their their background is in johmony their German their bunch of crowds
Okay, when in doubt look out for the crowd
politicians and Jewish groups reacted with outrage to the photograph in which the 20-year-old royal was seen holding a cigarette and a drink and wearing a
Swastika arm band. Oh
Right, Nazi-filled smoke and drink
Right, that's what you think
You guys you ever saw those pictures of Hitler with a party on the balcony of that
Palace or the way that where the party had he was a panic at a party. They said the
The picture of the third in line to the throne
Yeah, he had to be on the throne all right now to flush his ass down it in Nazi regalia was published on the front page of Thursday's
Sun newspaper in England
Clarence house the office of Harry's father Prince Charles, you know the one that likes to Clay Aiken
Issue the statement late Wednesday night in which Harry apologized running off fancy may have caused that's what they see
He of course the Brit way and of course the Canadian way because the Canadians just can't cut that on billiard
Concorde already get that damn queen off the currency
I can understand put the queen on the currency, but not her especially here
Believe you me if any if any city in the world needs a queen on the currency. This is the one
Are there any straight people in Toronto?
Uh, but opposition conservative leader Michael Howard said Harry the younger son of Charles and late princess Diana should apologize in person
I think a lot of people will be disappointed to see that photograph
It'll cause a lot of offense at Howard who happens to be
Jewish prince Harry is apologized. I have no doubt that his father and family will have a good deal to say to him in private
I think it might be appropriate for him to tell us just how it can try he is now how we're told BVC radio
I think there are various ways in which that can be done
I don't think the precise form it takes matters
But I think it would be appropriate if we heard from him in person about how can try he is
Yeah, how can try what a joke the Simon Viesenthal Center worth a largest international Jewish human rights groups
Branded the act shameful and urged the prince to visit Auschwitz death camp to see the full horrors of Nazi media
What let me ask it is what is it going to accomplish for him to go out?
That's like telling a clansman the other visit Opalaka. What does that mean right? I don't know
Like telling a southern Republican white guy the other visit Liberty City. I mean I ain't gonna accomplish much
I'll give you a chance to lynch his ass anyway turn things around a little bit turn around like a Peter Marshall who stayed turn around his fair play
Remember that no you don't because you never watched the original Hollywood square
Well, then how come my name?
Rad by Marvin Hire founder of LA based center the Wiesenthal center called on Harry to accompany his uncle prince Edward
To the Earl of Essex the Earl of Westix the Earl of Weston is what I heard prince Edward. Oh, yeah look out for that girl
To the camp later this month to commemorate these 60th anniversary of the camp's liberation
Yeah, that's all he was doing was having a libation and the celebrating liberation and he ought to get a citation
Well, enjoying it when the triple crown no, in fact
I think citation was last horse before Secretary a 25 years before to win a triple crown in 1948
What a memory man never in being on a show with Hank and Larry King show even he didn't remember that
Of course when that fat starts getting up in your neck hammer. That's you know, it's effective your your mental process
He's not the pudge enough now these in the morning. Is he what he means?
Well, I think you guys are gonna be like monitoring in there if somebody has got to watch that
Always do it. I know how I know how
Life threatening that is when all that good food starts coming to a one
Whatever that place is if it gets included with huh? I see the how he's boxed out here in the morning
Yeah, well if he's gonna be different in the how he's box you better have the Hank box waiting out there too
Because you're gonna put the man in his grave. Okay. I'm ecstatic to have him on air. It's just great
But uh, why don't we is that interesting to have somebody on the station is a lead in who actually talks about the rest of the station and the you know
Is somehow involved with all the rest of us? Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing not a shot at Stern because you know Stern is he's stirring
He's gone. This was a shameful act displaying insensitivity for the victims not just for those soldiers of their own country
You gave their lives to defeat Nazism but to the victims of the holocaust were the principal victims of the Nazis hire said
We strongly urge Prince Harry to accompany the British delegation on January 27th to the Auschwitz death camp to commemorate 60 years since liberation
There he will see the results of the hidden symbol so foolishly and brazenly chose to wear and by the way
P.S Prince Harry Cox a hoist that's what he said the Nazis murdered six million Jews and millions of other
Including polls homo-sexuals gay Soviet prisoners and gypsies
Millions more were in prison their forced to work his slaves Harry's grandmother the queen is commemorating the 60th anniversary
That day by inviting Nazi death camps survivors and British veterans who freed them to a reception at St James palace St. James palace
What a bunch of stuffy ass fools man you brits you are so concentrated listen all the
Maylocks and KO pecked into world couldn't get their stomach straightened out
Yeah, she will also attend a Holocaust Memorial Day the Queen wheel national commemoration at London's Westminster Hall with her husband prince Philip
Heduke of Edinburgh who is a bang in
Old bags all over the world the Sunset Harry wore the
Desert uniform of general urban Rommel's German Africa core to a party in Wiltshire west of London on Saturday
Oh, yeah, Irwin Rommel. He's probably one of Harry's favorites
Hermann Gehring Irwin Rommel Joseph Gerbels Dr. Joseph Mangala Rudolph Hess
He probably buys his gas at his the photoshoes and wearing a swastik armband in the bags of the German vermouth or defense force on his collar the vermouth
I just like saying it. I like German. I'm not you know, I love Germany too Germany's a incredible country
But just the language is just so oh
Oh makes the hearstand up on the back of your ass in a statement here
He said I'm very sorry if I caused any offensive embarrassment anyone it was a poor choice of costume and I apologize
Oh, yeah, I apologize. How do you like that? Everybody in a brother like that?
That's just gonna like wipe it off the face of the map right works for the public oh, yeah
I apologize. That's what I was looking for friendically. Thank you. What is that under Arnold dash? Oh
Well, I'm sorry now. I don't have that under under Arnold dash. I thought I had to drive apologize. I eat great. I'm a great eater
Oh, here it is. I apologize. It's under apologized. I apologize
You know when you got 85 minute bits in here. You and either no thanks
Anyway, the son photo shows him wearing a swastik armband in the bag to the German vermouth on his collar and a statement
Harry said I'm very sorry and the oddie oddie oddie home secretary Charles Park told BBC radio the young world had a
Polarge eyes the matter should be left there bull crap bull crap
I think you ought to be like cardin feathered
I think the other take his ass to Westminster Abby or just a dear Abby. She's dead. She did I don't know
Yes, he is the latest. It's most important for Prime Minister Tony Blair said clearly an error was made
You just kind of like that invasion of Iraq you make a lot of mistakes these days Tony you idiot that has been recognized by
Prince Harry. It's better that this matter is dealt with by fucking impalas. Oh, yeah, so we've got over the carpet
Just sweep that over the carpet. Well, I'll tell you one thing if anybody needs dry concepts. It's that royal family
We did the break in 20 of them. We yeah, okay, I never crossed it off course today
We would yeah a lot of difference with it. Yeah, we could like fact what we're gonna be doing now
We'd like to get more we were gonna explain this morning get better rates for the spot
So what we're gonna do is a service to the audience and disservice to all the advertisers out there the new rate on the show is
145 thousand dollars for a 60 second spot. So we're only gonna run like one spot an hour
Would it be great?
Get a lot of show in right by Jonathan Romaine a spokesman for the reform synagogues of great Britain said the fact that the
Palaces issued an apology indicates this was a mistake by the Prince but having been given the apology should now be accepted
Right, we do not accept your apology. How do you like that a spokesman for the board of deputies of British Jews echo the words of Romaine saying the
Board is pleased that he's apologize for the incident but as ready for an interviewer still by Shalom who's real far
Bison was less than that extent the use of Nazi symbols was intolerable. It was unacceptable
I think anybody who tries to pass it off his bad taste must be made aware that this can encourage others to think that perhaps that
Period was not as bad as we teach the young generation in the free world
Reuters quotes shalom is telling reporters. There's that Shalom Shalom to you, Sylvan former press the world press officer Dicky Arbiter
Oh
God oh boy just like in the town that mr. Ripley Dicky Greenleaf has played by what's his name?
Matt David no
What's his name the short little British actor?
I heard they all okay
Anyway, I gotta bring for it on him. I got that bit that we're playing about him. I do not always do not he's short former
Yeah, he's about it comes up to your waist. He's about two feet tall
Former world press officer Dicky Arbiter who's here to apologize public down radio or TV telling the BBC
It's not just good enough to behave like that
We all know history and at 20. There's no excuse a 20 years old. He's running around the swastika, okay?
Because he's a spoiled miserable rich brat. That's why
The whole world family man that'll be like Tarden fed it and then they ought to put them all on a new male Gibson movie
That's what they ought to do stick their ass up on a cross. What do you say? Huh? Let's crucify their ass now
Now there's Frank's back says two for the pool Meredith Faxter Bernie. We find a guy to woman and dated Bernie
Okay, all right the Bernie's although I think she's just Meredith Baxter now that they're not together
Well, they're not together. Well, whatever you like. Okay, put everyone on there. All right, it says you keep playing the theme from good times
It says words to me walk around a podium JJ Walker get him on there right now, okay?
Horrible talk about a one-trick pony and don't not read an actor, but does Donald L. your fire trump sure?
He's a actor on TV now, right?
Yeah, even though he's playing himself. He's on a TV show sure
Okay, talking about orange here in fact
We ought to apologize to David Caruso compared to Trump Caruso's hair is lovely when you agree. Oh, yeah, well
David Caruso I don't I don't understand the appeal there. What can you explain that to me? Well, I can't he's a bad actor
He's very bizarre. He looks like a spaceship
He's like the giant ego orange here, but I didn't add he's Dino might oh speaking of JJ Walker Dino
Might see how that works. It all just kind of like slides in there together. Yeah, that's what Prince Harry said
You talk about Queens and Buck and Ann palace man. I'm gonna tell you right now many years ago when that era that Hank was talking about
That he just knew when I did guests I had one of the chief butlers from Buck and Ann palace on the show
Boy, you talk about a flamer. He was really
Screamer and during the break that was before I got like so, uh, yeah
I'll rage just the Lucrone used to get upset and I said to him I said boy
I bet you there's a lot more than one queen in the palace. He just chordled. Hey, giggled and yeah
Started to sting all over the place 1056 at 560 WQ and the main man Anthony Kelley into it except in scababal mortgage
Says it's time for new years resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards lower your debt cut your mortgage payments
Pull out cash investing in real estate. They're near the top of your list
South Floridians one of the hottest real estate. Let me say it again
South Florida because it's all written together. Who's account is this?
Who's who's account didn't even say on here? I don't think about because it's so poorly done
But the words are like written together on here. Our sales department blows
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US
So I keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates the main man's new years resolution is to give back to the community
So this year they partnered with kids in distress with a track work at a 25 years of helping over
5,000 abused and neglected children each year except in scababal is donating a portion of all commissions on every
Closed loan to this great cause with six kids of his own the main man
Oh, sorry important being a parent is so forget about calling anybody else called the main man Anthony Kelliando at
One AAA for a three loan. That's one
888 for a three loan or go to the main man.com and you can fill out your application right online
One 888 for a three L.O.A.N
Your listening's a meal Rogers
This is the meal Roger show
This is your brain
Any question now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the air apparent her son Prince Charles
Hello
Hello Charles. Yeah, it's it's mom. Um, mom. What are you calling for again, mom?
I'm worried about your Charles mom. You can't keep calling me every day. Um, I'm very worried to call me like 10 times a day mom
Been handed the newspaper here for daily mirror. Yes. I don't read such rubbish. Well, did you happen to see the front page?
I didn't see it mom. I don't read such rubbish. I've told you it says is Charles
bisexual
Guess what is it true? Joe. What is it?
Is Charles bisexual
What does it mean by that mom? It means you like the lassies and the lads. I don't like the lads mom
Don't cry mom. It's true. It's true. It's not true. I know I
Thought someone wrong would I cause you listening to clay ache? I like him. Mommy's a good singer
And all those Barbara strives and movies in the collection. I love to read you mom. That doesn't make me buy
Very smart with it watching him shower right now
Where are you crying?
It's true. Is it what it's true? It's not true
You're my sex you and I am not by
Sexual I don't have any sex the woman I'm dating mom looks like a horse. I mean she doesn't give it to me at all
You know that that way you go for the men. I don't go for those
So it's not true. I'm gonna be the king of England
Yeah, I'm worried about it. Oh, you worry mom
You're being a king and the queen
I can't continue this conversation any longer mom
All right my date here you date the commander come on in early who is that?
I just a friend is that commander? It's early. Ernie who's Ernie?
I'm sorry, ernie
Who is Ernie? We play here football together. You don't play football
We play games together. I've got to go to have them
Stop crying stop crying
You might mention my name to rights master Gary. Yeah, not a bad idea
It's 1103 at 560 wq. I'm not see the lineup looks like this. We got more Howard David
They don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. Don't know. I don't know
I think it's a little late that his advanced a to get him a sense of humor see the character that Vokabran created the
humorous mole right? He just isn't in the way. I mean the mole thing. He's finally accepted that
For the mole man, but the rest of it. I don't know how to explain it to him. It's just that's it
But blah blah blah blah that's how he started right? You know, you know, I'm understanding absolutely good
Anyway, he'll be all right then we got the mad dog at 4 to 7 if I hear one more time that it's like a filling in
I don't want to hear it. I'm not gonna listen to it. I can't stand that there has got to be some mental illness
That's in fish back in the day before Janet Jackson and Michael Powell had a nervous breakdown of her nipple
They kind of nipped all our good stuff in the blood
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of a rise. I'm just rambling on and on. I have no idea why I should be really depressed
What oh, oh, oh, yeah
Well, but more so about this whole the radio station thing get it done stop. You're just wearing us out
You know, I might have to go on strike for about a month. They make me sick. Come in to Q. I am hello
Q. I.m
That's a hot one great ass gonna hang in the hallway. Oh, don't you do for the money? You don't you love us?
Yeah, he loves you because he keeps suspending his fat ass every five minutes right every time he looks at one of your
Inner circle people cross side you're suspended and did you're suspended and you know two months suspension
Jeffrey Laurie has got a bug up his stupid ass. You're suspended. Yeah, do you think Hank add any monogal would I want to speak for him?
He can speak for himself the Humper
Any assistance for me WQ a.m. Hello. Hi, Neil. Good. Yes, sir
Um, it was great show you George did yesterday. It was good to hear all those old
Bips from the TV shows. I had a name for you for your post today
Kelly Ripper. Oh Kelly Ripper is a fantastic source not only can't she do anything. She's useless and she's not too good looking either
Exactly. I can't stand the side of her anymore. She's like the Jackie Johnson of uh network TV
Thanks a lot, Polly. She's it now she's I should take that back Jackie Johnson's a donkey face kind of like
What's your name again like Amber Fry? Amber Fry. That's it. Well, I mean when you say donkey face, when we need to
Comes to mind anybody want to watch Amber Fry? Yeah, we can get a two-seater for her and Scott they can be together again
She can set on his lap when they pull the switch. Yeah, Kelly Ripper. I don't care what you say. I heard she she's got in fact
I guarantee if you put them side by each you think that AJ
Feelie and her are the same person her nose point. Oh, I think there's no points in the other direction. All right
WQA and hello
Yes, sir. I got a couple. I don't know how they're not already on there. Okay, let's get to them John for voting from welcome back Carter
right and
As far as there's old overall captain Kirk will you be shouting out? But he's pretty good. I'm bossing public
He was good and there was a show about a hundred years ago called medic
I don't know if you're old enough to remember that there. I think that was his first TV show where you played a doctor young doctor
And he you're right. He couldn't act then either. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly
Weed him shatter, but he's your cans he can belt out a tune
Yeah, if they pay or a land oh man soos priest and bishops charging negligence and sex abuse
I think you just keep making these things up. I write them myself an attorney for the Orlando man accusing your Catholic priest of years
Of sexual abuse by the law so years today against the priest and two bishops
I wonder if one of who was Ann including leader of the diocese of Orlando the suit says the Reverend Richard Emerson
sexually abused the man during a seven-year period in the late 1980s early 90s
I wonder if he's keen to Ralph Waldo Emerson you think no or maybe he's the guy that invented those Emerson radios like that
White radio I had when I was a kid it also names Orlando Bishop Thomas Wensky and Gary Indiana Bishop Dale
This is a bad copy is that Melchick as defendants says the diocese took no action when they were there complaints from it against Emerson
Attorney Joe Saunders described as a 29 year old Orlando man who works in a local hotel
Saunders said the man chose not to attend a news conference in front of the Orange County Courthouse because of his anxiety about suing a priest and two bishops
Emerson a priest in the gay of the Gary diocese served in three central Florida churches between
1987 and 91 including St. Charles Vodarmale Catholic Church in Orlando
Barol Mio. I don't know what that is whereas accuser was a student and personer
We hope that this lawsuit will protect children Saunders said the lawsuit claims that Emerson was removed from his Indian Church and placed on administrative leave in December
Allegedly used alcohol and pornography to lure the man into a sexual relationship. It sounds like a
Michael Jackson of the Claw to lure the man into a sexual relationship that started in Orlando when he was about 11 years old
But continued after Emerson returned in the enemy brought the boy on trips
It alleges that both diocese received other complaints about Emerson without taking action
Sister Lucy Vesquez who's writing in the fourth race at Gulfstream the Orlando diocese victim assistant's coordinator wrote in an email
Response to a report his questions that a family going through divorce and complaint that Emerson was interfering in alienating family members
But there was no obligation to sex abuse and they knew nothing. We didn't know nothing. That's what they always say
We didn't know not and right just like cardinal law. We didn't know not
He's another one. They have a string his ass up there right along with Prince Harry. What do you say good?
Crucify him right there in the right in the front of fangirl hall
And then after we'll go across the street to Quincy Market, get some wood chowda and clam strips as that sound. Okay. You'd love the food in Boston man
Yowda
Wow, wow, wow. That is a place where the food. I would say the best to my New York
There's no place in the country compared to New York, but after New York
I would say Boston and Chicago and then they say San Francisco, but I can't stand San Francisco
So everybody stayed there long enough to eat you're just a little queen there. I'm just it's not my kind of place
but
Chicago and Boston man, oh man. I would say reopen Prince spaghetti house
WQA and hello. Can I shoot good WQA and hello
Hey, how are you pretty good? Good. Hey, um, I know you know a big Danny. I love fan. I'm obviously, but obviously he was in one very very good movie that I really love called
29th Street. Yeah, it was an absolutely awesome movie. It was a true story about the guy who won the first New York State lottery
Uh-huh. It was really good. I mean you should check it out
I said they must have a stunt actor doing his part because I
He's just gonna act a lick. Yeah, he played the father
I mean I'm telling you the absolute phenomenal phenomenal movie. Yeah, and you know
With all the polls and everything I thought either Monday or Tuesday's poll. I thought Jess McKay was gonna win one of those
Okay
See ya see ya. What do you used to say? See ya buddy. See ya. No, I buddy. See ya
See ya, paly. Yeah, we'll combine him with the fat stuff. By the way fat stuff. I'm gonna tell you right now
I'm gonna like go on a warpath. I'm sick and tired of it because you're such a wimp. Yeah
Well
But definitely the only reason you're here is because I like you and I want you here
And I made a very good that they rather be in there because he didn't such a fine
Fat job, you know, filling it. He is like a vulture man
I wouldn't trust him as far as you can throw his fat ass
He's just a vulture and keep in mind that him and your program director are real real tight
You know
God paid you
She's not too bad
Senna's okay
When you get in bed with her
The minute you find she's cold when you're hot
Then you can start to dump her for someone better
And when your relationship with them
Made you begin
You know for someone who slightly older
5-11
But turn him back
And be bold if you win
The sexist man can go hunting
You might find someone with bigger
Bolder
Hey dude
Merry life get sad
Take the end
Why should like people matter
The minute you hit the nagging dog
Then break the pop
And sign your divorce paper
5-11 my ass or you can mean it must be on stills
Of several lies
So why would you get that propaganda?
Several websites have his vitals to tell you
Well, let me just take one thing about you law
Oh, he's a little jai kai in the funny look
Yeah, maybe he just does movies with tall people all the time
Is that what it is?
I don't know but I've seen him on interviews
And maybe he was like crouching down or something
Maybe he had gone his knees
Of course he was having Mr Ripley that would have been good
He let that thing and down
You got to see that movie I'll say it too
I'll see it
No you won
Oh if you said it to me especially
I will say to you now that I got that FedEx thing
Let's see L&D Generate that's good
He's been a lot of polls
And John Johnson
And that's the movie
I never understood that
Although he was good in the boy and his dog
He was very good in the boy and his dog
With Jason Robards
When I was a great movie
That movie reminded me of the prisoner
Right
That same kind of setting you know
That same uh
That feel
Brian and Pompatabee says Don Johnson and L&D Generate
Let's get a vote on there uh
Josh
Along with the buddies Ipsin who always gets his man
5670560
Pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless lines
WQA and hello
Neil
Yes sir
Um I don't know if I have no chance to listen all day
But I don't know if all these right wing lunatics
Have noticed that they uh
Officially called off the search
For weapons
You know
Yeah and the other day it's old news sir
Thanks very much we had on yesterday
Okay we're right on top of the world okay
Okay okay
Huh
Like Dennis James would say okay
Okay okay
Okay
See if you stay tuned to the show man
You'll find out exactly what's going on
He won't have to call the next day
And repeat it back like a parrot
Like that thing
I'm uh Bobby Blake's shoulder
It wasn't a bird it was that time
That's it then a speeding bullet
And when they killed uh
Bonnie he said
Boy that's super man
Now what he said
Tony Danza's got
Look how many votes
Five third man
The worst TV actor actress ever
Tony Danza's got 30
Chuck Norris has got 20 70s right on Tony's ass
Donald Trump 17
Will Smith has got 10
David Caruso 9
And Anus
Uh
Phoenix Anus Williams got 7
John Stain is Stain Moses got 6
I think it's all the same person
Donnie Moses got five anti-grippin five
Rosanne Bar for Vincent Donner Free oh my love
I wonder if he's kids out on a free oh they harness race driver William Shatner 3
JG Walker 3
Danny I.L.O. is only got three
Get out of here buddy Epsom 3
Uh, oh and this thing I hit one of three firsts in a hop son you know
It's okay when a hop son
Uh, Meredith Baxter's got a pair
L.N.D. General she used to have a pair
But I think someone got chopped off
While she's got one John Revolta's got one
I think Kelly Ripper's got one
John Redder won Don Johnson and David Brody don't have any
And who else did we just put on there?
I didn't see it
With Don Johnson I've just already shamed Candid's
Oh, and the John Revolta's
Oh she's already got a vote good
She's no talent she can't sing
She's uh she's an embarrassment
She's she's kind of like the Joseph Gaki of TV
Oh of humor
A dollar dollar
Joe at least is nice guy
I get to say she's kind of like a bitchie guy
I don't know I could be wrong
She might be very pleasant and very nice
She's no rosy
Oh nobody is
She's a bitch guy
Huh?
rosy
We could put her on there too if you want
Oh she's not really an actress
See I think she's only done the movies
And the only TV she did was that
Sure that awful awful talk show that uh just just the most desperate fat
Shut-in-broad from coast to coast for watching that piece of crap only
Because they felt better about themselves after seeing her
Can you imagine any other reason for watching her?
No
Tendative deal on slot machines could bring
Dade County $10 million a year
Says the Harold
Dade County and leaders at three and three per mutual operators
Reached the tentative 30 year
About 30 man
30 year agreement yesterday that calls for a four million dollar upfront payment to the county
That would in effect offset the cost of a referendum on Las Vegas style slot machines
And he presented gross revenues that can be worth up to $10 million a year voters approve
Which they will the proposed agreement which much passed the county commission vote next Thursday to set up a March
Eighth referendum
It also means as much as 300 million dollars
Ain't really the state's public school system official said
The needle would permit up to 6500 Las Vegas style slot machines at flagry greyhound track
Carve a race course and Miami Highlight
I think this will spur huge economic growth in the community said
Ron Booker represents the peer-mooge of industry
People will be coming in from all over the place to play
State voters in November, probably know that the amendment of our state legislators to set such rules as how many machines are permitted
Who operates them but both counties are moving ahead with agreements with to establish rules before the referendum votes are held
In a two-page memo yesterday county manager George Birgis pointed out the commission chairman Joe Martinez
Several negative aspects of bringing gambling to the community. Well, you know something
This the voters have already spoken right on this issue
So the idea that we got people like Jim Noggle and you know that born again and for Lauderdale mayor and Broward
And this goofball and they it's pointless
Bernie still knows that he sees the proposal is away for the struggling
Permitials to supplement their correctivities make themselves a destination point. He called them Rossino's
What what is that racing casinos? Oh, speak at the English. Okay, pali race. Seno's my ass
She's god
So tired of all these just cut the crap
We had an election of older spoke and stopped trying to be the trigger and it would follow. Okay, Jose
Whatever's name is Joe Martinez. Oh, another guy. It's with name that ends in easy
Gonzalez Martinez and right is Jose and man is the new attorney general Rodriguez George Rodriguez
Jose Rodriguez
Imagination like the cover folks to will you like the dark guy? Yeah, Moesha and the two Shoban huh? Yeah
Yeah
Well there you go
It's about time you learn you got a little ride in there, okay? And by the way speaking of that
Yeah, good question five six seven oh five. I feel like I'm on drugs or something
It's a whole experience. I'm just I'm just so fired up over these bastards man over these class holes
I've decided on that one that's the word I you know they can't mess with that class holes
Got it classless. No class holes w. Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah, I got suggestions for the bowl. Yes sir. Go ahead in
Freddie Prince and the kid that played her full. I don't know what his name is. What's it can the play d'urcle? Oh, man
Come on Joshua Deway. Oh search. Thanks pali. All right. Thanks. Well Freddie Prince boy. How's Freddie doing? Oh, geez
Now, let's see his son is don't tell me what the hell. I haven't seen him in a long time. He disappeared
Thank God. It's not tough to remember his name Freddie Prince. Junior here you go. I know what his name we just relax come on
Jesus. Oh, you know, remember all this stuff lately you're the one with like a brain fart
I'm like the whole world lately since they had that
interrogation and investigation and
humiliation and degradation of you in that in acquisition
That's fine. Oh boy. No, no sirs. I started to say before I mean if this this stuff would have high
This isn't gonna fly Jeff higher pretty soon. You're gonna die with it without our help
Without one more twinky man one more the host is twinky and that's gonna put your fat ass in the piano box
And it couldn't happen soon enough to make us happy you he he faxes me. I wish you could see the copy
He said I totally this yesterday, but it's just I wish the audience could see this the you can't complain about the professionalism
The QM sales department because there isn't any there is none
Whatever an agency sends them no matter how difficult it is to read them and how teeny tiny the print is
They just they just facts it here and look. I'm supposed to like you know make chop liver with it
Give me a break. I want that treasure island things straight now
And I want fat boy to show his fat ass in there and answer your questions. See he's got great re-dease
You know what that is? No running and hiding. I see. Yes, it's called the acting like a child and playing hide and seek
Which is probably what Greg does best besides the course screwing up the station. Hey, you'll love our lineup when we figure out what that
It is
W.A.M. Hello
I love the QA W.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. It's super. Hey, I was in the hospital. There was a
Few kids born already there were they were monsters. Yeah, and they already named their kids
Escalade like the Cala truck and Lexus for a girl right unbelievable anyway
I'm a new listener in the area real love you show. I just
Well, where you're okay? My my sister went to SUNY Brockport and met yeah, yeah met her husband
I'll be there and he's from Batavia. I can tell oh no
Yeah, first radio job W.A.M. my first full-time job W.A.M.
Battalion of York Reston peace. Yeah, he likes karate movies. I call them kung fu. Okay put your head pal have a great day
560 505 60 pound 560 now. Was that that the kung fu the fist enters your
Your life. Oh boy. That was bad. And what do we have that back to back with so to speak?
I asked to ask what I don't remember. Oh, it was it was another. Oh, it was a Freddie got fingered. Oh yeah
See I'm the one who remembers all of this stuff and you're like, baby
You don't have been the same since they called you in and put you on a cross and
Burnier for about half an hour now twice not just once but twice
Yeah, we want to make sure you were like extra crispy
They probably want to send your ass next door to KFC there right on a corner. I like a original recipe
Oh, do you I don't like that stuff. I don't like fried. I'm not a big chicken person anyway
That's what that's what that's the reason they make fried chicken is because just based just by itself
It's tasteless. It's the same. I keep telling you about certain other things without any accoutrements
It's a bland like vanilla ice cream. I like KFC just I I do light off the boat
And their fingers I'm moving right along. Okay. The last thing I need is that joystitch that bitch on my ass
All you can conjure up that imagine that image
Norm says by the way joystive to mustache honey
20s maybe I can know a little heard that hair clipper 26 after 11 at 560 WQA. I mean hey the main man Anthony
And this is the wrong spot, but the Anthony Kelli Anderson's high. It's okay
I mean listen. I'm under a lot of pressure a lot of stress, right? We're all crumbling at the seams of QA and based on
Management that needs a lot of bottomy a group's a bottomy. How's Gary Surnard doing?
Hi, I understand he's walking around the hallway of Woolivius to everything else with a bright smile in his face
Did you ever listen $50,000 last year if your answer is?
Well, then it's time for a career change don't take a rocket science certificate that out you do your Macon chump change
Pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train
Be sure and tell them the Todd director to call call 1 866 fast train
They can have you trained ready for that new high-paying career in his last four months and fast train
Offers high demand high-pay career training
If you like computers if he even ever dreamed of becoming a computer network professional
Here's the chance you have to get yourself out of that rut and into a real high-paying career call fast train today at 1 866 fast train
The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high and fast train can have you trained already for that new career
In just how many four short months fast trains got locations all over town. They're in Miami. They're in Kendall
No speaking English iE
Pember applies in for Lauderdale fast train offers job placement and financial aid for those who qualify as well
They even a weekend classes forming right now as I speak
So like I said if you're looking to improve your life and make some serious cash
Say goodbye to your class old boss and get yourself a real job by calling fast train toll free
1 866 fast train
You are listening to Neil Roger
It's
Friday night on e it's the making of the Enrique Glacier song hero
Journey this is not what this is not what Enrique stands for yeah, you need to get in there
You need to get him to cry. Oh, no, I know I know I got an idea. Let me see
Enrique Enrique he hits my dear
Guess what Santa he's a kidnaped in the kidnappers what they want for ransom as you just sing the song or the kill Santa
That is so sad
Santa Claus is the beautiful man and yes, I will sing the song please cut the music
And would you run
I'm never looking back and reeky. Yes, look at this puppy on the TV. He isn't cute. He doesn't have a home. He's starving on the street
Why would a doggy
The star of the street but if he sell enough records by singing the song maybe we can find homes for all the little doggies in the world
Hey Enrique what do you want for lunch today?
No, I have a big bacon classic from Wendy's. Oh, they don't even tell that anymore. They don't make it anymore because you were bad
You know what though if you sing your song, I'll make it for you
Oh
This weekend on e it's an exclusive behind the scenes look at the making of being reeky glacius song hero and reeky
And reeky look the newest pullers out and guess what?
Hahaha
Don't miss the making of hero reeky glacius fried in I don't eat everything entertainment
You know, you know, who's housey bought who used to look at our house before he moved in her in the Miami?
I don't know Gregory. Yeah, you did know I didn't know and
Greg kept running around the first couple months. He was learning how to ask it. Where's the mole? Where's the mole?
Yeah, same line he's always running up and down the halls in the station
The mole, where's the mole? Yeah, and then of course he looks in the mirror says oh, yeah, there's the mole
Trump suits and they'd become partner with seven old hard rock casinos speaking of slots
I kind of separated these stories which is my bad. Sorry, but hey, we got a heavy duty spot load there today
Hey, listen two million dollars of spot where we're gonna run one spot a week. How's that all right? Yeah
It'll be a hell of a spot Donald Trump. You will have Tommy do it. It'll be for uh, per se rion
500,000 talent
And you're gonna get screwed
Donald Trump has found the lawsuit against the Baltimore based courtish company and its partners in the seminal hard rock casino project
claiming the developers fraudulently represented themselves as Trump associates to land a liquid of deal with the trap
You know, I don't know what's going on with these Indians man
I don't want to suggest that he's telling the truth
Man, I'm getting really a sick entire between the cigarettes with a holes in them and that whole v-fold business
And then of course trying to like put all that propaganda under about slot machines are gonna like destroy tourism
And they're bad for the community and then the meantime all they want to do is grab up all the business for themselves
You you know, and in this business about oh well, you know chief thunder thought whatever his name is there
Oh, well the Indian man has been getting a screw about a white man ever since so they came to this country and we got to protect ourselves
Yeah, right
The nice if the white man got a little slice of the action okay
That's what we need the money for as opposed to just to let no new people sit around smoking your peace pipe
Whatever you're smoking at peyote
Ever see a coyote smoke peyote love
Trump spent three years and great expense tried to negotiate a casino development deal with the seminal travel
Was told by former confidant Richard T. Fields that such a deal would not be possible according to the lawsuit
Then the lawsuit led just field
Left Trump's organization and formed a partnership with quarters company officials
David as courtesan Joseph Weinberg who conspired to mislead the seminal trial by agreeing the impression that Trump was still behind the reference
aha
The courtesh team and negotiated contracts to build hard rock hotel and casino complexes on seminal reservations in Tampa and Hollywood
That are estimated during the developers 1.3 billion dollars over the next decade
But evidently that's not enough. They want it all they want more
Court issue was out of the country yesterday issued a statement denying the claims and lawsuit as a ludicrous work of fiction
And said that the suit have been filed in the name of a Trump company that is literally in bankruptcy
Trump's hotel and casino company which includes three resorts in Atlantic City and casino operations in Indiana, California
File for bankruptcy. We are in the station in November and anybody whoever's in charge in them
Casino is like kind of board of directors should look him right in the eye and say you're fired to did
Donald you're fired to did
Trump was busy planning his third wedding later this month's Slovenian model millennia crowd in house
They're trying to comment and analysis by the Sun based on public documents and marketing studies of the two
Casinos estimated that the quarters team can expect to be paid about 120 million by the seminal travel the first year of the project
With revenues increasing annually and totaling more than 1.3 billion after 10 years
How do you like that?
The engines always in the middle of some kind of a contract. I'm seeing that for D. Fo man
Yeah, that was anybody wonders why we didn't put D. Fo one from two to four because he insisted the poly man
And they've gurgled he had to be on with them. Who was that it? Huh? Was that it? Yeah, that was the deal
Plus they had to do it from the Indians
Let's see my voters for Don knots. Oh come on
Terrible it says maybe a better good actor but I really enjoyed the characters you play when I was saying he was a comedian
Okay, it was on the Steve Allen show back in the glory
I was the Louis Nye and Tom Poston and Vatin Allen. What are you talking about me?
And then it says three company Andy Griffith. Well, what is that he's he's
I'm not sure yeah, well, he's supposed to be like a Yahoo
He was a good Yahoo as opposed to Andy Griffith. We have Andy Griffith. I didn't think had act
That was in it what you saw is really in that matte lot thing when you mentioned that yesterday
Just about lost the Sunday's lunch
Matt locked my ass five six seven
Is there a comment? I'm just trying to figure out how to do that. Oh five sixty pound five sixty
It's called a uh, an acidity bill
Yeah, it's an acidity bill five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty under Verizon singular right?
Us mine. How is it line? How is it possible to have such a sick mind? I just don't get it. Where'd this come from?
Lucky the blood didn't come from my father because he was a cold humorless fish
I mean he was as cold as a block of ice
You know who knows what he was doing outside the house what now I'm not talking about that
I'm just talking about his whole ambiolicy and certainly a wit was
Wit was not us in his case and my mother well
Makes a hell of a great call know about that. Dominic you a hello
Yeah, Austin Goodcher. Austin Good choice. Okay. Great very good choice
He sure he's got a pretty mouth, but he could act as loud of a paper sack
And then that's screamer. They got on that 70 show. Wow. Yeah, what is history?
Bye
Looks like I like your people directly brown. I just think okay. Okay. Okay. So he's main con always Chicano. Whatever he is
Maybe Chicano from Chicago
Like your buddy Miguel from Chicago. What was that awful thing that Miguel came up with yesterday that theme that nobody ever heard her before?
I forgot high school. See you forgot high school reunion. Yeah. What is that?
It's one of these reality-ish shows. Yeah reality-ish like real life-ish. Yeah
Well, I never saw the show so I couldn't tell you about the theme, but it's sir. Did they even get any votes? No
No
A British Airways flight with 239 passengers flying from London's Heathrow Airport to New York was turned around a mid flight after a passenger flying on a French passport
Was found to be on the US no fly list
US government sources said the pastor was placed on the no fly list in late December
But that British Airways did not have the latest no fly list in a statement
British Airways said the pastor on Wednesday's flight was a man. Well there you go
That narrow is it down officials to try to identify him or say why he was on the list
Which contains the names of suspected terrorists and those who helped them
It was also unclear why British Airways did not have the latest no fly list
But US and that's because they too busy running around with Nazi R bands on that's what's wrong with a Brit
So okay to give me the schmitz prince Harry your dude you're done. You're done
We're gonna send the foxes the hound's are gonna go after you man. You bask your will
It was also unclear what didn't have the list but US government official tools see it in the myth of it
Distributing list changed recently and may result it in the laughs. Oh, I sure hope the terrorists are listening to that
A call to the airline was not immediately returned. They were too busy on the way to Auschwitz
Flight 170 for probably to have a party flight 175 landed the Baton Bergs my ass. Can you believe that the Baton Bergs?
I believe it. I think everybody ought to go on television right
First chance to get a newspapers on radio TV and announce to the world that the royal family are a bunch of frauds
There are a bunch of Nazi bastards is what they are okay the Baton Bergs
What was the allured lord Mountbaton? Was that his name? I guess I forget
You know what they're thinking the chain there. He was in the daisy chain somewhere. If you ask me
They were all like bending over that whole royal family
At least to find I guess these to find shillings and pence and coins on the ground
They're always in that bent over position the royal family flight 175 landed back in London without incident
And the pastor was taken in the custody by Metropolitan police dearline said police said they questioned released the man 840 pm
A US government official said the man's name was on the list because of a potential affiliation with no one terrorist that were working out of Morocco
Oh don't trust those people from Morocco man. They are an Algeria
He was not under investigation for carrying out any terrorist act
They said nor was the man born in France. That was carrying a legitimate French passport in the US
TSA official said federal authorities asked British Airways that I've heard they're playing to bang or main
If you like your bang or main after the positive match was discovered British Airways opted instead of returning to Heathrow
Official said there was never threat to the airplane the statement said well there you go
The only threat was you might land in England
On 560
Here's a little number I wrote the other day while not duck hunting with a judge
Rock solid thank you very much the FCC
You very much for finding me
5,000 bucks of food so I'm really out of luck
As more than high a deflites for sure you need
So you very much the FCC
Uprooting that free speech just isn't free
Clear channels appear channel so how it's done must go
A term a general astronaut doesn't like strong words and so
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rushly mo
So
So you very much the mr. Bush
For your rowy curly sitting on your tush
For halibut and n-ron all the companies
Let's send them a clear signal and stick Martha straight in jail. She's an uppity rich rich and at least she isn't
So you are so very much
So you take
You and everything you do
Your pace maker must be a fake you haven't got a mark
As far as I'm concerned you're just a face to face all phone
And as per con the leaves the she's a intellectual
So you won't show very much
So you very much
For giving all the laskers oil away
It really is a bummer when I can't film my hammer
He owes us and now goes on now that Arnold's here to say
The nuclear inter game are going to take place in LA
So you also very much
So what the planet fails
Let's say the great white males
You also very much
It's 1145 speaking of Arnold by the way whose was it his father his grandfather was an aunt's yet
He was his father wasn't it sure. Let's say it was his father maybe he can go there and hang out at Auschwitz with Prince Harry in a whole
World clan they get a party. Yeah, they have a big
I'm not see party there
No way they call it the Nazi party. Oh, and less moonbes the SCOO of CBS
Who's you know got that egg on his face now where it was fired employees and then rather getting shoved out
I got good news for him because on radio and records. There's a story. I just found here
It says via comment executive says expectations for radio must be lowered
Well, less I got good news for it because here at QAM our manager is working feverishly to live up to your standard
Isn't that great? That's great. So he ought to be very proud of us
That's right. It's for radio must be lowered several notches
Vernon who obviously he's got serious problems with his boyfriend
Uh, it says my two elections to the pull are the reason I say this because it's just a little of gay
You know bobby is gay and Adam is gay and Vernon you're the one I think is really
It says my two elections to the poor are mr. T from the 18 which is fine now did he die or not?
I know he had AIDS no, he's running. I saw him on like that religious channel
Oh, I got religion on it. That's so what happens first name
And then okay, and then it says this is really amusing because it says Hulk Hogan is Hulk Hogan an actor?
Yeah, he's on shows he acts Hulk Hulk Hogan no, no, it says some corny maybe seals show from the 80s that sucked
Yeah, he was on it Hulk Hogan. That was his name. That's the name he uses
That's his special hug. Hulk Hogan was the actor on that stand ever watch that show. I never watched it
But I know he was on one some boat show. Yeah
Oh, cool. I see I've read you water even noon and I learned something really dramatic today
beside the fact that Jeff Hyzen piece of crap
A walking mound of elephant excrement
56705 60 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. We did do that break your 20 of them
I don't know what it is. See I guess it's because I feel so hopped up or something
But I keep coming across these usually it's the other way around across the breaks out ahead of time
I get ahead of myself
But now I'm having such a great time. I'm like I don't know what that's all about. See my deal is done
Okay, with a lot of grief a lot of aggravation a lot of angst a lot of unnecessary
agitation and manipulation and palpitation
destroying I think I should take off another week right now you're on you. Oh
No, seriously. I didn't have a vacation
I know and that's supposed to be the nice long extended you know starting with all those holidays you get to bonus days and your Christmas and New Years and Christmas
Even New Years even whatever
Um, whatever those are
Thanks to Greg and Joyce and who's the other man Carolyn Beasley man. Hi, they case. I wouldn't wish it on the Prince Harry
That's how bad it was that series with whole Cogan was called thunder and paradise. Oh
Oh, you know what the problem is I'm confused because of the themes we did yesterday
I'm thinking of Hogan's heroes. Oh, that's why I got all confused excuse me
Hey listen if I if you can be I think that the Jude Law is seven foot two
Pretty soon you'll have none in the NBA we plan for the heat. Have we team it up with
Before the show is over he's seven foot five is a monster. I mean, he's pretty good actor though
And I'm still the thing that universe uh, and I remember Abba. Abba remember Abba
Yeah, now they were Swedish and they didn't speak English
What are that for the most part in the beginning certainly? I think they ended up all of their records
Of course they sang in English released that's a we heard English French and Spanish among others
Were you getting can I get to the point all right?
That's important and the same with Jude Law he speaks with a very heavy British accent
You hear him like an interview or something?
But in movies like in the town that mr. Ripley he didn't have like the slightest
None right. How do you do that? He's an actor. Oh, I see that with a call it
That's what they call it. That's what he calls it that would be like George W again up there and speaking like an intelligent human being
I mean, how do I do that? I guess nobody can act that good
W.A. Q.A. and hello
Yes, sir. Hey, mr. Keated have eight cancer. Oh, excuse me. I'm pretty the fool. I have
I think you're wrong. I think you didn't have eight. I'm pretty sure you look it up. Huh? I don't think he had eight
I'm telling you if I'm telling you I'm smelling you okay right now. I think he had something
What do you think the eight team what is it that stood for?
W W Q a Q a M hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Did anybody I'm calling yesterday with uh, no?
Are you doing the themes again? Yeah, go ahead. I don't care. We don't listen. We're laid back. We don't
have our dear eyes, Georgia's secure and spread the fact they hit him like poison and they want to give the beast
Is your eye because the beast is doing clearance? Did anybody call him with bread? Yes, today. Yeah, they did
They said but don't do the crime if you can't do the time. That's what they said
Yeah, all right. Thank you. And then we had to dump the car because he said something about
Robert Blake's cockatoo
567 is never what it was
That's what it was okay
567 O5 60 pound 5 60 under Verizon and sing it over us lines as we're looking for the if you join the smith stream
And you missed one hell of a show in the first hour
We reveal all kinds of interesting stuff. I don't remember what it was, but it was great about the engines and stuff
And then I learned about Hulk Hogan. Yeah, now I know Hulk Hogan
See I had that Hogan's heroes thing on my mind because it was such a bad all of those shows like mash
I know mash is very popular in all these people watched the last episode because it was hyped listen in America
You can hype anything anything look at freaking McDonald's for Christ sakes
There is nothing if you use the right approach man. You can hype and look at sure herbal life
Even though that guy is still dead. How do products prime apart look at Ron Popeel with his pocket the fisherman thing there
Right, right? How it's done?
Now see now just because he's out on a stage now just keep I like you to keep one thing in mind. Okay, not that we're gonna suck up
But it's still very possible that the serious people if they're serious and if they're smart
They could pick the show off just like XM has picked up oprian Anthony does that mean I have to pretend to like the show with that
No, you don't have to pretend like the show, but don't do these gratuitous riffs of stir just because it's show enough for us
And we didn't like it. But it's very appropriate to the subject we were to say what was that a hype things that are all
Haven't I said that Howard is the master of hype no matter what else you say about him
You're the like him you dislike him. You hate his show or like his show
There is nobody in the history of mankind
I don't think it was ever at least in the broadcasting industry was ever a master at hyping everything
He goes on letterman he there he has a press conference out in front of the studio there's handing out serious radios
I mean he just that's his thing man
He's not the king of all media is the king of hype right and that's not a knock
That's a compliment. I believe me if there's anything
I'm jealous of he said the 30 million years making and the 50 million is gonna be 100 whatever he's making with them
It's that work on this stage. I mean the only reason we got any press out of this my signing that deal at extension is because
In orma can't he sent out the press or I mean I realized that's awfully difficult
You know sent out a press release to about 20 or 30 different media outlets that probably took him about 10 minutes
I mean when Norma can get something done these people can't what does that tell you because we all know about her
He's too busy doing all those old sad sorry runaway tricks of his but in between he took him inside of his busy day
I mean he did that and we got a whole lot of press out of it which was fine, you know
But not this outfit. Oh, you got those billboards. What do you know what now? Let me ask you this
I'm glad I stick weight in that. What's the story with the billboards? They're still there
There's still there to want to say following Howard Stern in a morning. I see them every day
We don't now and again. I want to make it very clear yesterday
We had another little problem there at the end of the show it's not my fault. No, not my fault. Here's the new legal ID
440560 WQ. Oh, yeah, Miami Fort Lauderdale. So it doesn't say Howard Stern in a morning. Yeah, yeah
That that's just being disorganized and late and by the way some of the stuff you sent me clearance
I wouldn't wish on Prince Harry boy
He sent me a CD of this that's got some of the most distorted idiotic crap and then that one about
What's the one about the hammer? What does that thing say? Oh, I forget but it's pretty much like I'm talking about it
It's trying to be cute. Oh god and the guy that does our all of our production for the station is usually very good
So you can be sure he didn't have a hammer. Oh, yeah, if I had a hammer. Oh god
Family of break if you had a hammer you'd bust that CD into a million pieces and then probably a tackled over it was responsible for right in that crap clearance
Boy, it's such a you know why I'm such a good move because I don't have to be there
I just I just don't know how that place continues with all these two faced
Fony baloney back stabbing knife wielding assassins running around you know and you're the victim of a lot of them there
They're like the Gary Sarner Maddie Bells in fat boys in the world who and clearance who you think is your buddy clearance
Don't be a sin. In fact, I'll tell you one thing next Christmas or holiday. How do you want to your scenes gets with him?
Give him some arsenic and all these without the old lace. Okay. How's that? Okay. I'll buy it for you WQM. Hello
WQM. Hello. Neil yesterday show was with Trina
WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want you to kneel. Skigging
You know Rogers. No kneel down. Oh, what do you got pali? Yeah, I want to tell about a theme song you wanted to put on the
folder
You know who you think this is who you're speaking to ask what who also would be such an idiot is to say kneel down. Who asked
Could this be come on? No, I don't it's me Neil Rogers
The old house
What's the theme since that was yesterday's pull anyway. What was it?
Uh theme songs. Yeah, maybe we'll do it all over again. What which one was it? Oh, you missed the best one. The better the deal building. Neil
Got it at the let's see Beverly Hills. We did I go. I bet I got it. I hate. Well, did I hate that show you never watched it?
They already visited it. I seen it. Listen. There's no show back because that was on how we didn't have like people
Everybody they didn't have a man and a man and a man and a man and a man. Where is it? You got it? No, that was one of our bits
Well, where the hell is Beverly Hills? Oh, don't tell me like it like make us search through this whole thing to find it really isn't worth it
I'm sure most of the audience would say oh please they'd rather hear
I
Just come to conclusion you ain't got no soul man. That's just a great theme song. I don't get it
I think it's a racial thing. I probably I mean the show sucked. There's no question about that. It was a horrible show
I don't like you know if I have to see him one more time. Oh, you got Beverly Hills. I get a whole album over here. Oh, yeah, I don't know
It's actually cut to you. That's the wrong beat. It's the beastly hill though is your plane there
Yeah
It's the album from TV show
So it's just got a million tracks at some like oh great. Well there's a little bandro picking for you little something
1157 at 560 WDQA and Armistrowing Ford vice-president and general manager David Ridge call the other day and said he's overstocked right now with
Mustangs he said armstrong Ford will blow off these new
2005 six-cylinder Mustangs for as little as 179 that's the savings of over 3,500 bucks if you move quickly as somebody
I know used to say if you move quickly plus they have a couple of 2004 models left and get this they'll let them go for just
12,499 the original MSRP on these was 1860 which means the savings for you over
5600 bucks as in Q56 great deals plus armstrong Ford on food tires and batteries for life like they always do with every vehicle purchase
Great prices added value and friendly service. That's the big armstrong difference
So when you're ready for a new vehicle come to the unit that treats you just like family because big locally owned and operated
They want to make you a customer for a life armstrong Ford at home said be sure and tell them that fat boy since you're not there
They'll laugh their ass off armstrong Ford at home state Southwest 307 street US one exit a Campbell drive off the turn bike
prices include all factory reverberates and discounts with the pro credit plus tax tag and fee
You did 12 the one hour on WQM
Rock solid
I doubt that you can't handle one or two much less or eight
It's sound that you hate
The men from the boys they will surely separate I tell you what they are
guaranteed you go
I like fingernails on a blackboard
People back their neck for their knuckles when I rubbed our full together
That just make me
Hey sound you can't stand
What you could tolerate if you were a handsome man I am
And to the list of eight
A Ford get a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate
A big
Here's what I really love
You might want to try it give me feedback in my headphones
Oh yeah that's more like it
Little more little more over there
Yeah
Hey sound so unique
Now let's review so you can really really free figure nails on a blackboard
The people back their neck or their knuckles
Rub its iron foam together
Ford it make me trouble
I like when you sneak your done at gym floor
Waiting in a room and a window
When it gets in the drilling my moments
That makes me say no
My boy singing on his record
You can't hold on five China
If these sounds give you the shivers
That make you a whiner
Hey you go nuts to someone bite their pork like this
But I love it here I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left
How about the squeegee wiping a window while I pack my neck
So pretty wits
So for a wits
Oh wait I got one more
I got a great story
Really?
Must have been I'm strapping it on
All right
For you time I mean deliverance so many years ago what year that movie come out about 76 72 72 it felt like I mean 70s and here we are like coming years later
30 years later and it's still like they're not making too much progress there for example if you watch Mississippi burning
And then you see some of the scenes from my Mississippi and my cosonare where now you realize that maybe some of the laws have changed
But the people ain't be changing you know I mean oh yeah still the same narrow minded in the andrthal bigoted
Closeted oh
Anyway our US district courts judge has ruled that a school district in suburban Atlanta must remove an evolution disclaimer inside textbooks
The stickers inside the cab county school district science books said evolution is a theory not a fact
The ruling you should buy you just district judge clearance Cooper said the stickers violate the establishment clause the US
Constituent of course he is
Parents in cab county a politically conservative area northwest of Atlanta
Right and the ACLU had challenged the stickers in the court arguing they violated the constitutional separation of church and state
Yeah, let's get those 10 commandments out there and shove them in your face
Let's put some of them that Jesus do some table for better problem
Let's uh, guess squeeze those beads you know right that bull crap
Somebody put some more deliverance bad news though. Let me give you a little clue
So
You and all of us
A
You can do it by bringing about compulsory education on the subject of my colleagues in general
But red not a wallah the red matter-wanna
The wicked weed anyway. Guess who died?
Actress still my white a revert madness died in 94. Oh, no
Tell him a white who's portrayal of a hard-boiled addiction queen in 1936 movie revert madness was largely forgotten till the film resurfaced in the 70s
Today caught classic died of pneumonia
So his death emotion picture in television hospital woodland hill she was 94. Oh, that's old enough
Born in 1910 white was a carnival performer as a toddler progressed to vaudeville radio and movies and that's old enough unless you're 93
And you're thinking about it right born in 1910
She was a carny performer as a toddler progressed to vaudeville radio and movies about she worked with the Chico
Marks then worked as an agent and producer for many years during her hey days in act
Appreciate period of long-sides such legendary performers as wc fields will ride your red skeleton godplash and jack bany a
K. A. Greg Reed what secured her place in Hollywood history however was a movie so awful that its memory still made her shutter 50 years later
Maybe I should have played what was that what you hear that? Oh, that's the offense me. Oh, that's scared the hell out of me a little more of that about the
Period
I
That reminds me a little bit of that bit we can't play anymore playing bagpipes
Right there's that thing where you mean why how come all of a sudden I know where the uh my fast machines start to do that little ring thing
I don't hear it can you hear it at all? No, I'm good. I do that. Oh
That pretty actually British ring right
Reef or madness was a low budget propaganda film written by a religious group to broadcast a dangerous a marriage
Rwana it was regulated to the cinema was wasted for almost 40 years till
1972 when Keith Stroud found of the national organization for the reform of marijuana was discovered in the library congress archives
And pay 2 to 97 bucks for a print. He then screened in New York as a benefit for the advocacy group unwittingly launching it on the road to cult film history
The movie was seen by Robert Che who recognized its appeal as a hilarious if unintentional parody
He re-released it through his then fledgling company new line cinema holding midnight showings until a film became a high-campit
Especially popular on college campuses based on early successes such as re-fer madness
New line grew into a force in the entertainment industry responsible for nightmare on Elm Street and other hits today
The film that now is that the same Freddie and Freddie got finger to Freddie Krueger just a joke
That's some finger. Oh, yeah, some fingernail today the film that critic Leonard Malton caused the granddaddy of all worst movies
He still commands a lower audience on the cult circuit amazon.com ranks me for madness number 35 on a list of 100 best selling cult movie videos
And it's been viewed more than 19,000 times in recent years at
Wdwdw.archive.org-slashmovies
I'm ashamed to say that it's only one of my films has become a classic white who made more than 40 movies and
Shirts during the 30s and 40s full of times in the interview in 87
I hide my head when I think about it
She said anything that it was a dreadful film and and now that you mentioned it the guy who was a planet planner there
Um, he he and Renfield. I think we're like cut out of the same cloth right same guy. That's the never wanna
Born film a Walpa in Lincoln Nebraska white was the daughter of I'd seen it just there ringing again
Can I take a look at that? I'm a fan of that. How much do I know what that is?
I was listening to my panties
Made a pure Canadian who
He's actually
Answering the phone in fact
Maybe it rings like that when someone calls from
Boy, I just blow it or what? That wasn't got wanted to make a money transfer us. I should have given him the address
Oh, man. I stupid or what?
And then before you come into the state you are my facts
What I designed. Anyway, it says right with overacting an archmode drama the movie was a flop
Furthering the insultor rights were sold to a producer of exploitation films who screened on the rules circuit after adding Todd
Recesses
Despite her unwholesome role and up became one of the most notorious exploitation movies of 30s
White continued to earn featured parts and traveling of using the western abroad
He was quite a broad now speaking of rods
Josh Cordis is gonna like probably dispute this story
But you know something it's right here in print from the wires over the Sun's Semmel so there's a slight chance
It could be accurate. Well
Yeah
Cleveland a playboy playmate accused of karate kicking the ex-girlfriend of NFL quarterback Jeff Garcia
Was acquitted yesterday of a mr. Meena result charge. I didn't like that right. I ain't buying it
Wow, I can tell I think he's selling if he were I don't think it would go over
But I'm all of the chesery whose dating the Cleveland Browns player was convicted of violating protection
Protection or replaced on probation for one year judge
And he delays her maze also ordered a chesery or whatever her name is to pay a hundred and fifty dollar five and serve twenty four hours of community service
According to testimony
Garcia dated Kristen Hein 32 four or five times later dropped her for the chesery 22. Oh, brother
Wow, now let's see which which is the hot looking one here is that um, I don't know which one is which oh you got pictures
Oh, man, you go to the Sun's Semmel. All right works as entertainment
You know when you scroll way down and it's got like sports news and business news and then like entertainment news and a headline
Playmate of the Ehrkwooden can't fight over the court right the model. Oh, brother
She is really something else and the other one the alleged barf I think I'm she she makes um
See I can't take it
I've got a green fart on other. I'm Scott Peterson's girlfriend amber fry. I'm amber amber fry
Will amber fry we sure hope so I just I don't know what it is. I'm trying to forget her
But anyway, she makes her look lovely
Wow, no wonder she kicked her in the groin or wherever it says the play made of the or testified when they did Garcia
Achieved it on her with hind nasty phone calls and threatening voicemails followed and come at it in a confrontation
August 21 at the tramp nightclub
Well, that's a good place for this bitch name calling in suit and a friend of hind's dumped a drink on the chisery each woman had to be restrained
Heine accused the chisery of grabbing a dance pole and kicking her in the head
Where's that the Caesar? I don't I don't know a CESA RE I don't know
The chisery the Caesar told the judges that she was dancing on the table one or a hind's friend started coming at me full force
Swinging like a guy she said she kicked the woman in self-defense, but tonight kicking hind
Garcia testified that the chisery deceaser was depending herself
It's embarrassing that I'm here today to be caught up in a situation like this. He said on there you go
I think the whole thing is probably a publicity stunt to butcher up his image after you've been like a scene these terrible things about him
Yeah, I think so shame on him. Oh, and the British boy band busted are going their separate ways
Who they shot for fame in September 2003 with a single what I got it?
What I go to school for their hits also include crashed the wedding and you said no
And the appridden documentary about the attempts to break into the West market which obviously failed
So there you go. It's a little bit of a chubby's crap
What are we gonna do about poor Jeff Garcia? Yeah, stop saying that when you're pleased quick
Now as I don't know I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to unit all around but call it the car live
I've turned my lights on last night. How's that an all-spam jayman biggers green please?
Did it today? How was I to know I was providing bathwater to the Middle East?
Well, that means a man can every time he's like a marijuana cigarette you're helping to finance run
And breaking the law based on the old movie revert madness
You know the old man guy
I just sent a river joint
Now I'm right there
Oh now I just took a fifth window
This message paid for by the community keep them out getting the dark ages
Oh, there's Harry the last thing I've been enough to call the public criticism here about his choice of dress
And there have been many people yeah, we're at ice address next time you go there. Where do you hear it?
The public apology. It's not the first time Prince Harry has been involved with straight in straight with the media over the last year or two
I scraped this I wonder what the BBC that's what we should have been doing today
You know what and now there's some business crap
What I'm wondering
And his colleagues space
Cutty you so hard to pay you brits. No wonder he's behaving like that. Okay. I can't blame him for it
It's that pretty ass silly upbringing. You know where the hounds in the whole deal
So I just looked up this girl we can't pronounce her name, but I like you say it the treasury. Yeah
This is her yeah, she's uh pretty hot. Yeah, I told you we want to uh look at naked pictures over behind the beard curtain
Well, that would be great tomorrow would be fantastic. I got one right now. All right
She is really something else and of course the other one. Did you see the picture of the other bro? No
I went to this I found the story and there were no pictures on the story that I found yeah
I only had one the picture of her. Well, I got news where I got a bonus picture. I got the other one to yes
Oh, just nasty looking thing. Okay. Let's see the the other day the worst TV actor actress ever TV
That's the opposite word not movies not uh, you know whatever else the
Leader is Tony Danza 47, but check Norris has given her run for his money 45 Donald Trump 38 David Caruso 29 to go with the orange hair
Uh Rosanne 19 will Smith 16 and so William 13 Mr. T 11. I think he's got cancer
Uh J. J walker 11. Didn't he? You look that up by the way. I I didn't oh William Shatner 10 Donnie most nine
He is most disturbing John stay most nine. I take a personal exception of that Kelly Rippo eight
L.M. D. Generate seven John Ritter six Danny Ayeloh six Andy Griffith six Hulk Hogan five not to be confused with Hogan zeroes or
Richard Dawson and that the show Richard Dawson was on which one
Hogan zeros. Yes, he was and that was a fine show too. I don't know. He didn't like that
Ashen Coochie Coochie for Don Johnson for Vincent Donner 304. He's in the fourth race at the Yonkers
But he absent for Freddie Prince Jr. 3. He he did disappear didn't he?
Haven't seen him lately. He was kind of pretty but the pretty bad actor. He is awful now. Let me ask you this
What what TV stuff was he on? I don't know that he was I don't think we Freddie Prince Jr
Was somebody said Freddie Prince not Freddie Prince Freddie Jr. But we were talking about Freddie Prince Jr
Yeah, and of course right away see this is the this is the problem we got with his deals if you just mentioned somebody's name
Josh like Mark Fleming all of a sudden Josh gets all emotional in the good sound of the uh pole
We're talking about junior yet the honey junior. Yeah talking about senior man senior
Can we eliminate that junior? Yeah, we can do that. Oh, and he's still getting votes
WQA and hello
WQA and hello. Hey, I'm a Leo. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing today? I got something for you for your poll
I think yes, go ahead. Everybody's been calling in new stuff new people. How about the general mass bear?
Mass bear
Yeehaw, yeah, who's sure that the bill is yeah, but only hill bill okay, you got them on my man. Yeah, mass bear
Okay, now see from that furniture store sure
Oh, speaking of sponsors what we'll get to in a minute sponsors and former sponsors and would be sponsors
Don't forget we're gonna have one spot a day on QA. It's gonna be four million dollars
A word and Tommy's gonna do it and it's gonna be for and I'll get talent treasure island
And you won't get the talent and you won't get to go there anymore on Wednesday and you will not pass go and I collect any dollars
Because they hit you like poison especially mighty bell. Who's a liar?
WQA and lie nine hello. Yeah, I don't pretty good good. Uh two uh for your pole, but I will smash them
Most minutes on there who Madonna. Yeah, is it TV? Uh, at Chris. Yeah, she wants you to go or TV. Yeah. Oh, I apologize
You're just a good one. No, made up for it. Yeah, can I get the proper stuff for Bugara own please?
Who are you? Oh?
Bugara Ron Bugara Ron you got to rule it Bugara Ron
The raw table of company said yesterday, and that's one of our fine sponsors
I believe I wonder what Adam's doing with that account. I sure hope he didn't blow them out of the water
They've been out with me on this show for how many years now?
Yeah, our sales department man they're a wall they're like Bush and Cheney were during Vietnam
They're a wall. They're nowhere to be found. They're like doing the old Greg Reed
Heiden Seek deal mostly Heiden and we're seeking we're seeking some answers, okay?
Adam, see this is what happens when you got a bunch of guys they all hang out together back in the room and what they do is
You know, they they all plant the seeds. They well, this is what we're just gonna avoid doing with yeah, they just
Hide they don't make an appearance
The Vermont teddy bear companies they'd yesterday would continue selling its straight jacket and crazy for you bear through valentines day
Despite protests from mental health advocates
We recognize that this is a sensitive human issue and sincerely apologize if we've offended anyone a company
Said in the statement that was certainly not our intent the bear was created in the spirit of Alan Pines
Day was all our beers was designed to be a lighthearted depiction of the sentiment of love and added the bear being marketed for valentines day
Comes with commitment papers and is meant to convey out of control love
Metal health advocates believe the bear is a tasteless use of marketing that stigmatizes persons with mental illness
Jerry Gossel the executive director to march after the national lines for the mental ill wrote to the Shelburne based company
A straight jacket is not as simple as we want to associate with sales of a teddy bear for loved ones over valentines
They Gossel said and the use of commitment papers legal documents committing an individual to a voluntary treatment is not something to be taken
Casually, I think we got have this guy Baker acted talk about a guy with no sense of humor all these people from all these
Organizations in all the pet of people in this guy the answer to the $70 bear be pulled from the company shows
Gossel said he has support for removal of the bear from other mental health advocates
The company said it would discontinue the bear but not before valentines day February 14
This bear was developed just for valentines day is not a permanent edition of our product line the company statement said
The bear will remain in offering for valentines day and that's it you go by boys guys
The complaint is the first to see about the company about the bear which began selling the 15 inch creature days ago
Always something to do in a wood pile out there. We don't like this. We don't like that. We know what my new business
So what's wrong with stigmatizing the mentally old their day? I know
Is there a lot of challenge we have many mentally challenged people working at QAM right?
Well in fact, I would say that a lot of people would think I'm probably mentally challenged for resigning with these people
Which I think they probably have a good point
WQAM. Hello. Hey, pal. How are you today? Okay, palmy hey listen
Yes, today you were talking about those TV shows new mission that 10 speed and brown show
Did you turn when browns you did you ever find out the two actors that were on that no it was Jeff
And tambourine
Okay, he's pretty good
And go on for your poll today Jim shaped borough. I mean that's like forget about it
Yeah, he's made a few him like Hill him and Elin the generator made the several poses
No, okay, palmy. Thanks. Good choice. Hey, and also Neil can you do me a favor play anything a little clip of Drew Michaels?
I love you bad see you okay
Oh, we can't play I hate the bird thing after I have to do that over here. I have to do that another break already
Not quite yet. He was almost as good as the chic but not quite
5 6 7 0 5 60 what are sure has been some fantastic talent come through this time you know in the airwaves
I think I must have missed most of it WQAM. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Okay, I got a couple for your poll first would be the entire crew from fact the wife
Okay, you're looking for females the other would be out on a sick. Oh, oh, what a choice. How could you forget him? Oh, man
And that makes me sick and then closing. Yeah, why don't you go back to f**king him palace you're not being faster
It was good. I like that
Yeah, all we got a clip by the way from CNN. Do you hear what the prince Harry said?
I am not
I guess his
Bebe is must have dropped because his voice you're a drug dramatically in the last 24 hours
protesters plant a mark bush inauguration speaking about rages people like the a rural family and our rural family
The bushmeisters which include of course your fat ass governor Jeb
protesters from arch to Washington staged a die in across from the White House and turned their backs on President George W
Bush's limousine during his inaugural celebration next week organizers be saying yes today
In fact, that's a great t-shirt. I'm seeing there it says turn your back on bush click here for the inauguration day action
And of course the guy standing with his back to the camera as U.S. authorities prepared unprecedented security for the January 20th event
I wish by the way they're gonna blow 50 million bucks
Organizers said thousands of protesters will stage a noisy counterpoint to the leverage here
It says 40 but it's 50 million dollar celebration one group of anti-war activists said it would cure a thousand
coffins to the White House and stage a die in to protest the lives lost in Iraq. They're gonna be in the coffins yell and
Another group said it obtained a permit to protest along the two hundred foot section of the parade route
But planned to sue for more access to the large sections of Pennsylvania Avenue
Set aside for bush supporters the Bush administration and conjunction with the National Park Service is rather
Stage managed democracy said Mara Vera Hyden Hillard a lawyer for the anti-war group international answer
A spokeswoman for the U.S. Secret Service which is overseeing security for the event they're trying to meet you comment
They were too busy interviewing Michael Moore process street when I want what embassy was that Chinese wasn't I don't know now
It wasn't the Chinese embassy
Damn it. I don't know who's back to stand there must have been in U.S. authorities planted with all thousands of police troops and bombs to pick dogs in the first and
Auger events since the September 11th 2001 attacks
Spectators will pass through metal detectors before attending any inaugural events or watching the parade from the street
Organizers said the protest would express opposition to a range of bush policies from nowhere in Iraq to economic programs
That's the war in I
Or fake I just can't do that the war and I
Rock there it is we're facing the right way in future that has no sympathy for the concerns of black people in the poor in this country said
Shaza the Zingha
Milk into Wayne, the Zingha father of the national lines of black Panthers
I wonder Peter Relsen that one those the endangered black national lines of former black Panthers or black former Panthers
Hey, how does Panthers do it undefeated still all right?
What organization called turn your back on bush wants people to stay out spots along the parade route and turn their backs on bushes
Losing when it rolls by there are a lot of people who feel bush has turned his back on men in the field director
Sarah Kaufman said who says he's expecting bus loads of participants from all across the nation and a separate black clad
A separate event black clad anarchist away puppets just like that movie you keep counting. What is it?
Team America world police. What I mean that's the hottest puppets going anywhere
No way puppets and be traveling to protest capitalism organized governments had lila ke of anarchist resistance
Bush's inauguration plans have also drawn protest from the district of Columbia government
Which says it's security cost for the adventure not come out of its homeland security budget
Weed the people of Washington DC rejected bush by over 90% last election said Washington resident Nancy Shia. Maybe this is our punishment
Shia sooner or later she's gonna come on
Pet your email
Okay
You're
yeah
Yeah
In
Oh
Absolutely
lica maybe
oh
Rock...
This time we're going to composed four or five devamesome crimes.
And they all...
They all still pretty...
1232 or fivelichads.
60 W.D. Q.A.M.
And not more on Harry's.
I was wondering during the break.
Is Prince Harry?
Oh, they're British.
Do they say?
Prince is British?
But before we get to that, yeah.
See, I'm so far ahead of you, man,
that you're just trying to, you're like Teresa Heinz-Curie.
You're trying to catch up all day.
What's the pills?
Of course, that's what it is.
Oh, that's why Tommy's doing the spot.
You sound too stone-owned.
Did that book come in and explain anything to you yet?
No, Miguel went into the cost of them
and got the other story.
And what's the story?
Is it something we can discuss in the air?
I guess.
We're doing appearances for a while and not spots.
What do you mean we, Tonto?
What are the people that go down and do the appearances,
myself, Miguel?
Right.
By the way, if I were to break him to 25?
Yeah.
No, this is just unlike me.
I don't know what this is.
I just keep forgetting the cost of breaks out.
Which is bad, because then I write the law in my mind.
One break, you write it's only 12-15.
What?
We'll cross the next one out and then you'll be ahead.
Okay, good.
Well, quite frankly, it won't make too much difference.
Kind of breaks we got.
Before we get back to a prince, Harry, in a bid to dramatically cut costs,
South Florida's chief federal services proposed
closing the US courthouse in Fort Lauderdale,
and splitting its caseload between Miami and West Palm Beach.
That is outrageous what that is.
It is absolutely unacceptable.
Yeah.
Chief US District Judge William J. Lock said in the recent memo to another senior judge
that shutting down the courthouse on Howard Boulevard
could save federal taxpayers more than 100%
million dollars in the first year and about 7.6 million each year thereafter.
This last proposal to do a sharp objection from elected officials
and community leaders in Howard County.
In the...
Wow!
...County.
Broward leaders made the courthouse as an important part of Fort Lauderdale's role as the county's seat,
and it's driving to become a thriving urban center.
The courthouse offers jobs, attracts law offices, and brings prestige.
It will be a devastating move to the community since state represented Jack Southern Democrat of Wilton Manners.
Oh, Wilton Manners!
Gay!
Your average juror, Olydigan, would have to travel an hour and a half to three hours to get their case.
He said that concerns me, he said.
The move could also cost jobs for courthouse personnel and forced the US Marshall Service,
Federal Public Defenders and Private Law firms to reconsider their Broward operations.
Carlos Lorente, a civil law litigator in Fort Lauderdale, was not pleased with the prospect
of longer drives for court appearances, but he added advances in technology could reduce the burden
as he now files documents electronically and downloads information from the court's computer system.
It wasn't clear from his last memo how soon the courthouse might close
of whether he's still open to staying in Fort Lauderdale, he's been looking for a new site for years
in part because the existing courthouse at the corner of Broward will run on third avenue.
Since close to the street, where Federal officials say it's vulnerable to a car bomb or other attack.
The proposal first before yesterday by the Daily Business Review comes as the Federal Courthouse
system looks to cut cost nationwide in the face of growing case loads,
discerning expenses, and limited congressional funding.
Oh, yeah.
We got too many other fish to fry, too much other pork that we have to pay for.
Now, getting back to this is from, I don't even know what this is, a London website called thisislundin.com.
It says, and this goes to show you what kind of people were dealing with, okay?
If Hitler wasn't a bombed London, they probably would have been okay with all of that, you know?
Okay.
I'm telling you, right?
Just like the Austrians, man, they were more rabid than the Germans ever dreamed of being.
The Austrians, aka Arnold Schwarzenegger's family.
A snap pool that they showed that most people are not outraged by Prince Harry turning up to a fancy dress party, dresses and Nazi.
In the Thisislundin survey, 63% of the 1500 devoted felt Harry had either been badly advised or just made an innocent mistake.
How can you make an innocent mistake when you're 20 years old and you put a swastik on your R band on your own thing?
He didn't realize that Jews are so touching.
Only 37% of those taking parts that they've been disgusted by his actions.
The full result seemed to provide support for Harry's apology over making a poor choice of costume.
Oh, yeah.
So in other words, if he would add a coup-cloth's can after that with a pointed cap, it would have been a poor choice of costume, huh?
Figured it's bastard, huh?
You talk about racist.
Oh, forget about the mugwumps in the south of the US.
Everywhere that they went, as they were colonizing the world, and they even need to go into it, do I?
What the British knew?
Of course, everybody, they weren't just Tuesday.
It wasn't all in the dark.
Everybody looked basically had slave status, but the darker you were, the more slavery here.
Yeah, right.
Former British Army commander Bob Stewart has criticized Harry saying,
Prince Harry must be an enormous idiot with minimum common sense.
He's made a grave mistake.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Colonel Stewart added, if I had an officer who went to a party dressed as a Nazi, I would have him dragged in front of me
and as his commanding officer would have given him a punishment of 14 days extra duties.
Well, that'll teach him.
So 14 days extra duties used so he asked Brits, man.
Probably would have cut down on some of the rations of the food too, probably to cut back on some of that,
toden a hole in spotted dick.
Other people I've different views, but it's bad taste.
You don't want your officers seen like that.
It's likely he would have been punished for bringing the officer to court in the disrepute.
Yeah, 14 days extra duties.
Man, how's he going to be able to put up with that?
Much of pampered, prissy-ass, candy-ass, baguette, Brits.
Who now know you, kid, man?
Now get my putt across your what?
No, I say it again.
Faaaaming!
Yeah, that whole row of family.
Not only are there all a bunch of Germans, they're all a bunch of...
Like I said, they spend a lot of time bending down, hunting.
You know, the hunting is a big hobby over there in England.
That's right.
That's right.
And if the foxes aren't around, they have to kind of bend down toward the ground.
The worst TV actor ever is, or was, or actress.
Not too many women on this list.
Tony Danza 61, Chuck Norris 51.
Maybe the moral of the story is that if you're a woman,
because Hollywood, like every other institution in America, is sexist,
if you're a woman, you can act.
It's hard to get a job, right?
Unless you got big basumbas, right?
But if you're a man, because there's so many men on TV, you know, you can get in there,
depending on who you know and who you.
Tony Danza 61, Chuck Norris 51, Donald Trump 46, with that orange hair.
David Caruso 31, you see the orange hair, guys, are back side by each.
Rosanne 24, Will Smith 20, J.J. Walker 15, Mr. T-14.
I think he had the hiccups.
William Schandler and Anson Williams each have 13.
John Stamos 11, you're picking on Blackie, shame on you.
What do you people think it about?
Is he still on the show that he did awful show he was on?
I wouldn't know.
What do you know about?
I mean, another one was horrible sitcoms like Family Ties or whatever those are.
I never watched any of the shows.
Donnie Most 10, although that is a good radio name.
It's Donnie Most.
It is Kamagdani B.
Kelly Ripa 9, Hulk Hogan 7,
Aston Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi 7, L.M.D. Gen. 7, Danny I.L.A. 7.
Couldn't act if his life depended on it.
John Ritter 6, Andy Griffith 6, Freddie Prince 5, without the junior.
Don Johnson 4, Vincent Donner 304, but he Epson 4 died last year at the age of 90 something.
5, John Revolta 3, Joliel White 2.
Joliel White?
That's Erkel.
Is Joliel White?
Yeah.
No.
Meredith Baxter 2, Alan Thick 1.
He's married 2 or at least he used to be married.
Maybe he still is a Revo from Griding White.
I think whatever.
Can I write about that?
I don't know who Reva is.
You wouldn't know Reva from Little Eva.
How do you like that?
I do like you.
I believe it though with locomotion.
And the cookie who don't say nothing bad about my baby.
Remember the cookies with a little Eva?
Nope.
Well get with it.
Your taste in music man is just...
A lot.
Alan Thick 1, no votes for Max Bair or David Bernie.
Now what about...
Let's see Meredith Baxter Bernie.
Wasn't she on 8... 8 is enough?
No, Family Ties.
Nah.
Yeah.
That's the only show she was on with Family Ties?
Probably not the only show she was on.
Do it during the break I'm going to do an IMDB.
Okay.
Okay.
And the DB of course stands for Donnie B.
You are listening to me, you mean me, you're Roger's.
And I'm going to say...
And of course it makes a lot of bad times too.
Like lately.
Meredith Baxter, here you go.
Here's 6 pages of stuff.
And I'm going to tell you right now even though I had the wrong show.
But very similar genre.
Yeah.
What show did I say she was on?
Don't tell me.
8 is enough.
8 is enough.
She was on Family right?
Which was a very similar series.
Every family was like...
You would think.
There was Sarah...
Not Sarah Jessica Parker that fat whatever.
She's a very good actress.
And James...
Who I think died?
James Earl Jones.
No, not James Earl Jones.
Little lighter than that.
What was his name?
You know who else was in it?
She was Willie.
Gary Frank played Willie.
That's probably why I watched it.
He was alright.
Anyway, Meredith Baxter, June 21st 1947.
Not that way.
She's not on the beat of Curtin.
Today we got Elmer First name.
Much better picture.
All the Meredith Baxter.
She's back in the days she went to bed.
She was cute.
Yeah.
I think I've worn a...
Have a one-boob picture ever.
Well, let's get around her one day next week.
I'm going to take her in her back.
I mean, the boob is big, but the picture is big.
She was born on exact same date as family ties coaster Michael Gross.
Holy Toledo.
June 21st, 47 in South Pasadena.
Now, she was in the...
Oh, let's see.
Post-production most on Family of the Social Life of Ethan Green coming out this year.
Angel in the family.
A TV thing.
Devils Pond, a Christmas visitor aftermath.
The mother's fight for dresses.
Murderer running around expressed a Wednesday woman elevator seeking.
Miracle on 17th green.
Down will come baby.
Holy Joe.
I wonder how holy Joe is in the days to have a show back in the days Hank was talking about.
Holy Joe.
Who?
Dog's best friend.
Some preacher, lunatic.
Let me call you sweetheart.
Miracle in the woods.
The inheritance.
Oh, she's got this list.
It's not my breast.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, that's what I got the picture from.
It's about a great history of three women.
One more mountain.
For love of Aaron.
Let's see her final fury woman scorned.
Blump in the night.
Jezebel's kiss burning bridges.
She's been...
She is good.
If she weren't good, she wouldn't be getting this much work.
She was too much to die with a badminton eve.
Winnie.
That's song about my dog.
The long journey home.
Kate Secret.
Family ties vacation.
The rape of Richard Beck.
That was a good living.
Yeah.
And the sequel, The Rape of Todd Beck.
Take your best shot.
Family ties.
Devils TV series.
1982.
Vanities.
Two lives of Carol Letner.
I'm coming to one of the other ones.
I said,
You will end the family man little women.
November plan.
But as we love all the presidents,
then she was in.
And 1976 family.
The TV series.
Nancy Lawrence Maitland.
Was the character that you played?
Okay.
Sarah.
Oh, jeez.
What that was her name.
I have to do it.
Do a Google on family.
Okay.
And the TV show family.
Sarah Toded.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
The night that panicked America.
The imposter.
The stranger who looks like me.
The invasion of Carol Enders.
The cat creature.
Virgin loves Bernie TV series.
Ben.
She was in Ben.
Oh.
Let's play Ben by Michael Jackson.
Oh.
Not.
And stand up and become it.
She's been there.
She's fine.
She's a fine lady.
Meredith Baxter.
Who used to be Meredith Baxter Bernie.
But that's the end of that.
She threw his ass on the gurney.
Oh, and you'll be pleased to know.
And I say this very sarcastically,
which is unusual for me.
We did do that break in 40, didn't we?
No, this has never happened.
There's been a show that I'm like.
A lot of times I'll get ahead and cross one out.
And then I'm all confused.
But I've never like not crossed them out when they're playing.
Because that must be because you've got such long breaks.
That's it.
I don't have time to cross them out.
Let's see.
Suzanne Summers and Martin.
Martin Short is short.
I would agree.
It's just that no telling me.
He always made to know.
He's annoying.
He's Canadian A.
Yes, he is.
S-E-T-B.
Suzanne Summers.
But she's got.
She's got.
Summersizing though.
She's got the great.
The scam.
I mean, the great diet.
Let's say here's the fact that says Neil Grog,
you're the best in Zoet George,
but he's pretty good not the best.
Well, if he were the best, what the would they need me for?
I would like to nominate the no talent of Reactress.
Tori Spelling.
Oh, yeah.
Hmm.
I had a man.
Well, I don't want to read that word.
I'm a lawyer listener for over 15 years since the Janet Jackson crap,
you have a Mr. Step.
You've also been able to say,
Faggot and all of that fun stuff.
Faggot.
Right.
And even once in a while.
Bye, man.
And Marie Kohn and Vogueirao and things like that.
Because America's a...
See, life without a scapegoat isn't worth a damn.
The kind of like paraphrase that line of Madeline O'Hare
is religion without a hell of a worth of damn.
Life without a scapegoat isn't worth a damn.
It says, so please, please, before it's too late,
play Bokobrins, junior number one hit.
You can't.
What does that mean?
Mexican love song.
We can't play that anymore.
Oh, Bokobrins, junior.
Of course we can't play that.
And it's got 85,000...
Yeah, all it is.
It's not about a series of foul, Hispanic words, man.
It's fun.
You know, that's why we love it.
It says, thank you, you're the number one fan.
Piancestos, Shema, request.
Nobody will be riffsin' but...
You know, also, I know you love Cervestos.
But I'm sure you'd love to get a Hummer.
Oh, wow, wow, wow.
I'm so impressed.
RR.
Here's another one that says,
Jimmel Beyond Today, too.
I have an announcement to make in case there was any doubt.
This station stands for nothing.
I don't even want to read this.
Is this for serious or is this like a game that's a plane?
Is this like to try to create some contrivacy and excitement?
This has got to be the dumbest Mother Scratch in Pile of Garbage I have ever seen in my
Pathetic Life.
I just can't believe it.
Can you?
Yeah, I can believe it.
By the way, that is the biggest pile of horse crap I have ever seen in my frickin' fracking life.
Hey, man.
By the way, what?
Were you thinking about St. Thompson?
St. Thompson and James, uh, I'm sending you the cast, but no.
Oh, he was a good actor.
I think he also was a prison of Daisy James Roddrick.
James Roddrick, that's it.
He was very good.
And then he went blind for a few weeks in the show, but then all of a sudden I'm miracle
happening.
But, uh, yeah.
The fact that I just picked off the machine from Clarence Darrow, our program director, says,
I've just turned it to pieces, but I can't remember pretty well.
In fact, these are words that are indelibly etched into my brain and probably will never
leave, because I'm just, I'm in such incredible disbelief.
This radio station is in such a state of chaos and is in the process of trying desperately
to self-destruct.
I have never, ever dreamed in my wildest nightmares that a bunch of incompetent idiots
could sit around and screw things up.
This has got to stop.
The day has got to come.
This must stop.
I know that's kind of humorous when you deal with this outfit.
But this jerk in the audience around and changing and moving and playing games, and this is
what happens.
You wait till the last minute when you don't have your ducks in the row.
When everything is done, like I said, shooting from the hip, you know, about to see the
pants.
Instead of having like intelligent discussion and sitting down and planning what they're
going to do, you know, everything is like, oh, gee, we screwed up with this.
Now we're going to try to cover up.
But, uh, they're just, it's like, like I told you, like a dog in a backyard, taking
on a huge dump and then running about 10 yards away and kicking up the dirt to try to
cover up his mess.
Same thing.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised right now if a lot of people are on the building or
doing this, as I said, taking a big dump right on somebody's desk and then running
like down the hall and kicking up the dirt.
Wouldn't you think?
Like who?
This fact says Jim will be on today two to four.
Moe Howard David, four to seven.
Tomorrow is not determined yet, says Clarence.
I think, no, sir, I think there's only one way I'm going to, I'm going to survive.
I don't give a sh**.
There.
There you go.
I'm going to have to take the, uh, Chris Garden approach to this whole deal, you know.
I don't give a sh**.
Which I do, but I can't, I can't afford to because they'll put me in the loony bin,
you know.
Right.
They'll put you in one of those.
You're going to spend anywhere in the race.
One of those Vermont teddy bears with the Baker, the Baker act, the papers.
Wow.
I mean, well, what, what can you possibly say about that?
I don't know.
Here's the, uh, cast of family.
It's good.
Here's on 76 to 80 James Broderick, uh, also directed.
I didn't know that.
Willie Ames.
Willie Ames was on that show.
Oh, no wonder I liked it.
Okay.
I don't even remember him being on the show.
I know Gary Frank was on it.
He played Willie.
I don't know.
Willie Ames.
Well, just the first year Meredith Fax, your James Broderick, Mary Grace, Mary Grace
Canfield, Quinn Cummings, Louise Foley, Gary Frank, Elaine Hylvill, Tile Pittler, Dennis
Howard, season of Hubley, Kristie McMickel.
That's right.
Kristie McMickel was on air, boy, they don't come up much, butcher than she is.
You say boy.
And her brother, Jamie McMickel, they don't come more fake.
Anyway, John Rubinstein, Sada Thompson, who played the cake.
There's good show.
Well, a corny, very corny, you know, like apples weigh and that kind of stuff.
Vince Van Pan, Van Pan was in apples weighed, by the way.
Now this, I just, I have to let it go.
I just, let it go.
Let it go.
Yeah.
Just hook away.
A group of billionaire philanthropists started to donate tens of millions of dollars more
to develop progressive political ideas in the US and effort to counter the conservative
ascendancy.
And boy, are they doing a good job?
Oh, George Sarros, who made his fortune in the hedge fund industry, herb and merriens
sandler, the California couple who won a monthly billion dollar savings and loan business.
And Peter Lewis, the chairman of an Ohio insurance company donated more than $63 million
in the 2004 election cycle to organizations seeking to defeat George W. Bush, they did
a hell of a job.
But as well, I flushed it down the turlid.
At a meeting in San Francisco last month, the left-leaning billionaires agreed to commit
an even larger sum over a longer period to building institutions of positive, aggressive
ideas and people far from being disillusioned by the defeated John Kerry, the Democratic
presidential candidate, the billionaires who resolved to win their best further in the
intellectual future of the left, one person involved said.
Their commitment to provide new money comes amid criticism of the efforts of high-profile
donors such as Hungarian foreign minister Sarros to sway US politics, as well as doubts
about the effectiveness of rocket fundraising and helping the Democrats cause in 2004.
Oh, they did a stellar job.
Look at a great job.
They didn't set it.
And the Ohio's pathetic.
Just pathetic.
Well, what?
I'm telling you, I just don't know what to do at this point.
Except maybe like plain music for now.
I just think, seriously, this is so unacceptable and so insane.
It can't possibly for real.
I mean, the audience a lot of times thinks that we do things we can try to think like
the technical V-Day, the most recent day we had the major technical problem.
But we don't.
And this is, huh?
We don't have to make things up.
We don't have to make them up because management takes care of it for us.
If it's a never-ending cornucopia of Smith, it's just never-ever stop.
Magnus, lunacy, insanity.
And then like we were saying before about the sponsors, I wonder if we got an empty log.
Well, let me just say one thing.
We're on every day 10 or 2 so far.
Over here.
Yeah.
So it's, thus it is written, you know, like the Pope said.
So it is written.
As it is, it is.
As it is, it was.
It might be.
It could be, you know, it is.
How's the poll coming?
Anything.
We're like, get off of this.
So I can't believe even semi that fact.
That is just to say disturbing would be the greatest understanding in the history of my
life.
It's not bad enough that that bitch 120 at grants him an estimate to slot slice, neither
would mine.
That wasn't bad enough.
Talk about adding insult to Inuri.
Man.
Do you believe it?
It's got to be for real.
Of course it's for real.
So how'd you like to buy some spots on the show, huh?
On the afternoon show.
Right.
I want the afternoon shows the worst TV actor actress ever is Tony Danza 63 is opening a
fairly comfortable leadover Chuck Norris who is 54.
Donald Trump 49 David Caruso 34 by the orange hair.
Rose and 32 will Smith 26.
Mr. 18 J.J. Walker 17 William Schentner 15 and some William is a 14 John Stamos lucky 13
tall Cogan 10 as in Kuchiku 10 Kelly Rippet 10 Johnny most 10 and everybody else with
a single digit.
It's a movie.
On 516.
But it's it's the one to do our.
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why would you hear the latest release
from Blackpuster Entertainment.
The man is.
Give man.
Sings to it.
Well, I'll ride.
I'm around in the street.
Well, I'll ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Two men sing.
Well, I think.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Well, I'll ride.
Well, I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I
At first Jim said he built a little bit cool
But now he says I like it
The mad dog just can't piss it up with that cottage cheese, but if he wants me to sing God bless America and pasteies in the G string up here
The mad dog sing himself happy
In that it sings you it's available now at all blocks us your stories
Yeah, remember I remember our good time that recently though on this place
Wow, this is so nice man
You know what it's like it's like being caught in the light like you're watching
Cooquusness, but all of a sudden you find that you're inside of it in other words you're like you tried to screen you know
You're involved in the movie in the camera
Right and then that's how I feel with this this this started back in when it puts sternum like basically
totally
Invillation of everybody's deal and then it proceeded with that which after I was willing to accept it in the
Fact we started whenever to help somebody felt like it and wanted to read and extend the contract and then you know
Certain people went into like a hiding and nervous breakdowns and then we evolved into that famous through the day before the
Second sushi summit between Greg Readon or McKin the
Inquisition with George over a
So yes a counting thing and then of course the sushi meeting in which we were told all sorts of things most of which
It turned out to be bull crap and then of course the tremendous vacation I had in Florida
I would just and even coming back here butchered and destroyed and ruined by Joyce and Carol and this one and that one and people were in hiding
I don't want to mention Greg again, but it's just and now all of this
It's like we're kind of middle of some kind of a nightmare like these people are like insane and we're like
In bed with them so to speak yeah, but on the bright side. Yeah, once they've got power smoothie food in here
So we're all happy. Oh, thanks. I'm gonna get ice cream today. I have I mean you see you said serotonin before
Think about it. Gonna release some endorphins. Oh, I got it. I got a smooth. I got a
Spooky and a power smoothie. I got a smoothie my brain. It's power smoothie in the adventurer shops. Oh great
Probably what they bring just smoothies through these end up and wraps. They have wonderful wrap
You wrap you wrap. Yeah, great. We're wrapping it. Let's play some rap music till two o'clock
I just mind with marquee mark, which is what does and believe me mark. I see this last name here
Mark I seen you in your underwear you ain't no marquee mark
But anyway, he says here's to show what a good theme song and bad actor chips with Erica strata excellent choice for bad actor
Erica strata who's also made more than one pull this week. Oh, yeah, yeah
Flamer so they say rumored if it is less than spoken five six seven. Okay, let's just take some calls
I got all this whole pile of stuff here. I'm not reading any of you. I'll save it for tomorrow just I don't care
I just don't care because this is so
There are no words to describe it now
What what they was it wasn't it on Monday? We thought that this was all pretty much a done deal and then we had to change
Oh, it's gonna be a
Mad Dog a two and then Howard David at four and then oh here comes then okay
That we got no mad dogs at four and we got it all straight now and we don't have it straight enough
And if I'm managed I'm talking right now just stick by your guns man
You'd used whatever you want they should give it to you period. That's it. No ifs butts are ends no butts
I'm gonna say it for the record one last time if they lose him if they let him escape
Just like the little Joe Rose blown him off the door, which is a horrendous one
See they can laugh about the fan you know
1700 and make a laugh about Pete Bolger and RFX from Fox 940, which is a piece of crap with the fraction
You know and right now ESPN radio 790's got fractions except for Joe Rose
That's all I ever had because they have no story they have nobody else. They got one guy
They got a good guy, but they only got one guy one guy doesn't the station make but if they wind up with your rose
Jim Manage and the dolphins then all of a sudden as far as this whole sports deal
Which now it seems like the beesleaves and this whole company running back to the safety and sanctity of sports
You know to run away from all of their previous mistakes in last year and a half
Well now all of a sudden it's not so we're cozy anymore with lackable competition
You see what I'm gonna say and I do and if Mad Dog should the walk out and go across the street
Who we gonna put on there between two and six or two and seven we're gonna put more on for five hours from two to seven
Absolutely not
What a mess so many Q. I. Am in St Central. Hello
TV actor actors TV
Okay, movies out of the house starts like I'm terrible when all 18 was well when we do the TV
You had the movie one will put the king on there, okay?
You got it buddy. Thanks, pal. Good luck to us. Take good luck to us
I said when we needed say good luck, please say a broh-a-safe a few handmarries rub a few rosary beads for us, okay?
We're all caught out or not. I mean what are we gonna do with this thing?
This is just although I tell you one thing I'll be listening to it too. I can't wait to hear this
I can not wait to decide I've been kind of avoiding it last couple of days because it gets really ponderous to me
Well, we're here temporarily
You know, I understand where he's coming from the mad dog because I've been through it
They break me over the calls with all this crap, but it's just it's not amusing anymore. It's not entertaining
It's not interesting. It's not provocative. It's just embarrassing. It's humiliating and degrading
This is a way to run a radio station is a way to run a business and what have I been saying from last three years now
About somebody who like to hump the dumpy broke the egg and can't put the pieces together again
But a worse team deal, huh? That was the beginning of the end and somehow
Magically because that horse who still hasn't fallen out yet
Magic we continue from that our way along here. I don't know how do we do it
But you stop and think about it. Oh, oh no, it just came to my mind. Oh, please
Hmm. I know who they would stick on there. You know who would be oh?
No, yes
What are you okay? Give me a name Joseph Gackie
I
Want to cry WQAM. Hello
QAM hey, hi
Speaking hey, I do it. Meal suicide central
I'm definitely called about
Pauling young run this morning rip it into you
Paul Paul is on yeah, Paul and young run man. They were ripping what they rip it into you
This morning about what about they're complaining about the real situation and how much money you're making and
claiming that
You know, you put it on that on that whole station and you know who says I'm the only person on the whole station who said that
Paul you saying that you know the person that the station has that's why you get paid so much money and everything
Yeah, so what's wrong with that which is not only first I got but nevertheless I'm making a lot of it
So in other words, he jealous. Well too bad Paul blowing out your fat ass
That's what it's time to make to me. Yeah, I'll tell you but
You want to throw you a key can imitate a lot of them. It's here. I really can steal that but it can't steal a paycheck
That's the problem Paul. I mr. Originally mr.
Carbon copy mr. No talent mr. Wanovy. I was talking to cashier over the a sawgrass
Mali over there running with the eating center in the restroom in Toronto. Yeah in the tea room that you cross screams
I'll tell you one thing yesterday. I would have cross streams with anybody anything. I was so desperate to take a leak
I
That these breaks are so damn short now that you know and my bathroom my little
Guest bathroom is right across the hall here like just a few steps
But I had like do it in installments yesterday. I wasn't fun and about that. That was the truth and man
I thought my bladder was gonna burst right on the freaking air
But you know just don't have time. You know, you got to prepare the next thing. You know how it is the next
Yeah, you're gonna play in the rejoin and get your crap all in order running there and like all of a sudden you're there
The rejoin is playing I keep closed to it my pocket
Good idea. The urgency or just a bag
WQA and hello, hey Neil probably a plastic bag very paper one. Yes, I'll call for Neil on a mobile speaking sounds
Yeah, yes, I'd like to have a heaven Jones WQA and hello Q.A.M
Speaking
What does that mean which ones do I like?
Which one do you talk about? I'm gonna give you all the shows I like
Well, no, I would think everything you make it I like and then you don't like them
Such as and I say what do you like?
What's the next? I'm not gonna give you a list of all the shows I like okay?
Smok what what do you like not you I'll tell you that right now anybody with you anybody but you you just make me want a bar
What do you like not you not anything anything you like I hate it you like vanilla ice cream can't stand it you like
uh
Survivor parts one through a hundred survivor rest out Florida don't like it you like CSI
P.O.A Illinois don't like it anything you like I hate it WQA and hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir
I got two guys for you, okay
Oh great choice and the guys from
From the hostables the
Oh
Bill Cosby right
Sir to the best choices you made my day. Thanks for bailing me out all right
Great day those are two fine choices. We'd have been really remiss indeed if we would add them on their Bill Cosby
Which I still can't figure out his appeal and
Pass law which there really is no appeal or shouldn't be because he's just the old the trolls what he is
Old troll hanging around with some hot the chicks and guys on the beach, you know everybody's scantily clad and he's running around
I mean what's wrong with this picture? What is he what is he doing there? You know besides maybe getting a little action
WQA and hello. Oh, Neil. I think you should have stuck with the gay car myself. Yes, sir. Yes. I got one for your poll. Okay
Person who I absolutely hate to see on TV is Angela Landbury
Angela Landbury oh you can have her murder. She wrote. Yeah. Yeah, she's awful. You're right. She's an old bag
Okay, thanks a lot of time a lot of bags going on my nerves
I think I feel a little bit in the bag to be honest with you after all this
This business it just goes on and on add on. I don't know something
What what is being said is anybody saying anything about all this maybe out there? They are
Yeah in the vault
But I mean he came in there and handed you that facts with a straight face with a straight face
Well, Clarence. I mean the straighters to get with him with kind of a you know the eyebrows raised up like
I
Then he ran oh, yeah, I'd be running to help it. It wow
I'll tell you on your leadership and tutelage clearance. This place is really a making movements
You know I can smell them
Provinists after one at five sixty WQM IRS tax problems
You don't have a way of really ruining all aspects of your life like this whole QAM situation
They take a tool you financially physically and emotionally you can never really forget about your IRS problems
They come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat
CP18y Buckwell in the Buckwell tax room will help end your IRS problems forever
Give you back peace of mind which is why other top CPA law firms have heard their clients to the Buckwell tax
From when they got problems with the old IRS so why don't avoid potential criminal prosecution get all on file tax returns prepared
Even if you lost all your records maybe you got an IRS lien a wage levy old payroll taxes and penalties
Maybe you'd like to settle for thousands and thousands less than the old or just need time to pay whatever your dilemma might be
The Buckwell tax firm can help you out. They offer you a free initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief
If not sooner from IRS harassment and vestibule you don't have to go to those pin the srs meetings because the buckwell tax firm handles all meetings and discussions
You need to be there call them today 954
575 2800 whether you'll 10 grand a million bucks anything in between IRS taxes the buckwell tax firm can help you out
Like I said call 954
575 2800 day for your free no obligation consultation or visit them on a wicked way that IRS freedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS
Knocking on that front door. It's probably Ed McMan with a big check 954
575 2800
You know what I think?
The legal Rogers.
Yes, I'm losing weight. On 560
UAM
It's David.
You're scared by every town.
A rat at 560
WUAM
Tonight on Bravo it's inside the actors bathroom with host James Lichten.
I'm here in the bathroom adjacent to the master bedroom in the Beverly Hills mansion of legendary bill actor
Check Nicholson. So I am on it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever. You don't mind a little busy here.
I understand 12 hours ago you enjoyed a delicious dinner of a ribeye steak with sauteed onion and french fries
Tell me Mr. Jack Nicholson. What ever became of that enchanting entree?
Well, let me stand up here and I'll show you
There you see simply and grossing now why don't you get the
Out of here? You're safe
Like this now. I don't have to ask your favorite person and be sure to tune in next week
James Lichten visits the downstairs half bath of a claimed actress Jody Foster. Well, this foster that's an even bigger piece of crap
That's an average
Dr. Lichten Dr. Lichten she's just to my she's not on TV. She's never been in TV series Jody Foster. Yeah on
She grew up on TV. She did she threw up on TV
If you pay to if you do IMDB on your
I don't want to do that. I don't want to like IMDB. Her own speaker that same wants to get
I find a hot chick. Okay Carmella this Caesar or whatever her name is she's gonna be under tomorrow
I looked at that email. Yeah, I mean point any any our hero guide. I wouldn't get all wild and nobody over that she'll bring it here to your eye
Yeah, that's about as pristine as it gets she'll bring a little lump in your throat or somewhere man
Now what was the other oh yeah, I'll take another thing too before I even go out to the dominion to get
Minusly turtle with the chalice don't do it. Oh, yeah, well young man. You're dreaming. I'm an old fart and
I'm ready to die right now over this deal
What I ordinarily would do is like is you know, I'm out of here real quick. What else the point is I say bye
You know, you guys that's it
But I'm gonna be sitting here at two o'clock at two o' two whenever they finish with those super soliast sports the nerd headlines
I want to know what else is going on
Because this is far sir. This is no more good times
You know what I mean? This is bad times is what it is bad times a QAM high bad times a QAM GF high is what it is
Total and utter insanity maybe we're just maybe this is the new format
Maybe one day it's mad dog two to full one day. It's the mo two to full and then the next day it's like default two to full and
Is this really show? Yeah, we're following host that would be good for the sales department the TBA show sponsor
WQAM hello
Not there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of a rise and sing it or write us line
WQAM hello
Hola, not there QAM hello
Yeah, yes, sir hey one radio talk so used to have the secret agent man theme song
Secret agent man theme song was a talk show host theme I never heard that yeah, I hear my I'm a years ago
Hey, we're my Jerry Seinfeld. He can tell you or Jerry Seinfeld is great. Well, he sure can't act
That's that's what I mean. It's a great choice for the polls. Thanks a lot, Tyler. We'll work on after the secret agent
All right, bye. Thanks. We'll try to get him in here to take care of our management
So I didn't have to agree to use the gun I'll say that right now wow and before you go could you do one short thing for me?
What that just say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest. Absolutely. I'm not going to do that. Oh you
I'm fine. I don't know. Yes, you won't. Yes, yeah, John Johnson. You're gonna hear. Thank you. Thank you
Hello
Hello, I'll leave
Hello, okay, pardon me. I think I was gone. You notice that
Don't you notice that? Oh sure. That sounded like Johnson did
You're Johnson isn't that incredible? Absolutely
He said no changes on just like Don Johnson. Where you think sir?
I'm on the side. You'll be okay. Thank you. Yeah, you probably out of your stand my number up here because you probably could use a little check
You know next couple of ways other little check to tie them. Oh, as long as we're all bleeding you WQ. Yeah, you are WQ. I'm hello. Hello. Hello. Now. Hi
Hi, I'm lady cool. Okay, go ahead. I hate Jackson. Kate Jackson. Well, I don't know. It's wrong with Kate Jackson. I didn't like her in terms of okay
Well, do you know like her it's good enough for us. Thanks and he already and he annabries now. What's he be?
Thing was he on oh let it go young again. He ought to let it go
In the Netherlands. I can't wait to hang on type of the other to go. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thank you
Bye. You got him. Can't we use in the Kate Jackson? I thought Kate Jackson was just fine. Did you? Yeah, whatever
Yeah, but she didn't like her so she don't like her it's good enough for us. I mean we're trying to get a lady
We had a streak on ladies last week and now we're until we found Kermala the chesapeake disease or whatever
Name is we're running mighty low although there's nothing wrong with that
The element first in photo we got in there today. I'm being pretty not around with that for all you head arose out there
Both of you w. Am hello
This is a telephone call from a Dave County correction institute from M.A.
Come on
Well, he's not in Dave County by the way. She's up the creek. We're up the river. We're up somewhere. Welcome.
Dominic you am hello
Well, how are you pretty good? How's everything to be happy new year? Same to you. Oh, this is a Bob Lincoln Jr. This incoherent guy always sounds smashed
Excuse me. Yeah, I like it. My name is Richard Somers. Yeah, Richard Simmons summer. Oh, yeah, Winter principle
Richard summer as though the man you are yeah, and I just want to make comment on Gwen Hill or comment on Gwen Hill
Yes, what's the comment Richard?
Well, I thought it just
Best of time of the year when we remember
loved ones and
Franklin along the with us that in honor of
homage of the passion
You know, he could play is this the bird? Yeah
I think you're through that
Now do you believe it could anybody be? Well, yes, almost 130. I guess you know
Huh? Anybody could be that flaster especially a mistone for I could play it, but I'm gonna have to like be quick on a finger
We're getting there if you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on six 10 W I O D you missed this
Is the bird yeah, bird how you doing? Okay? Listen do me a favor play anything because I can't stand listening to you
You start like a
Do you want to do me a favor play anything? Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh God
You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you
No, not just to tell you not to say anything just play something
Oh, God can't stand it. Well then why are you listening?
I'll play something already. Why won't you answer me?
Oh, yeah, stand up. You see he won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. I know
There you go. I think that was a little little over done
The call WQM. Hello
Hey, yeah, worst actor ever on TV Lorenzo Ramas. Oh my God
Okay, we can only praise thanks a lot of palli Lorenzo Lamestor in Tuzzi, Astagre, yeah
He has acting into rapiditure was pretty once upon a time at a pretty amount. I think you're worth for it
That when he was on Falcon crest who else was on this it was a clotted cold bear was on it. I never watched it
Well, I didn't be honest with I didn't watch it either but I knew he was on it. I see him. You knew I did not watch it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless lines
Tony Danza appears to be pulling away just a little bit from Fort Norris
What about the Charlie Norris and Gordon Norris? Oh Charlie Norris, Jr
WQAM. Hello
What I have no idea what that was he doesn't think he manages a was
No, that was not flying my members is a boyfriend. I have no idea what that was. Nobody QAM. Hello. Hello, Dr
Yeah
Neil you should cart that guy that called you yesterday. He kept saying you lie you lie
Yeah, on the baseball guy. Yeah, yeah, as you was a ganky's boyfriend. Yeah, some some guy called
Hank this morning and said Bob, Bob blow me. Yeah
Yeah, good. I hope you had a good time doing it and don't hold your breath. Wow
Really man, I see when you when you're under duress when you're under a pink duress
Like we are with this whole thing blowing up in our face in the afternoon
And you expect these people don't ever expect anything where you should learn that now. Holy yeah, it's proud
We're actually doing pretty well up until that
Maybe they're coming apart. No, maybe they're coming apart. It seems like I see me doing right now with this whole
Don't come apart
What do you mean by how long can you keep jerking people around how long can this mad
This go on the world ends at two o'clock. Yeah, well, I tell you for a for a 205 as soon as I hear the upshot of this crap
And it's even having gone to shrew it even having experienced it with
Psychotic calls there was a day Thursday, December 23rd a day that will live in infamy the calls started at 10 o'clock in the morning
Between Norma Kent and Joyce and back and forth this one and that one and the water Nazi
Well first is there with water Nazi and Greg who to Kristen's come to the phone because it's too embarrassing and all the and then the whole day
Seven o'clock that night and we're still going on
It's hard to believe but that's the kind of madness that goes on and there was nothing complicated
It was just a very simple two-year extension not a lot more money a little signing bonus, which is standard and all the deals
I've done extending with these people not nothing
But oh we want to assign this we want to assign that and we want you to credit
I'll be honest with all these like I said the other day I really mean this with all the stuff that we can't play and can't say anymore
With all of Joyce's restrictions, which are way over the top as far as FCC restrictions are concerned with all of that
Which we've invited by very well nobody's done it better than we have or more immediate
But if I would agree to any of the stuff they put it there would be no show there be nothing left
There'd be no reason that you can do the show or listen to it nothing
There you go
Instrumental lonely of course and the remake of Noxious Soundies that's it got only knows more kind of sounds
I'll be man no sour notes from the tubas because that you know sounds like yeah
I got that bit with Jack Nicholson
He was like doing very sanitary, you know without any no cheese
28 past one at 560 qa m
I never
I
Must
I
Can
I
Can
I
I
Can
I
Can
I
Can
I
Can
Can
I
Can
I
Can
Can
I
Can
I
May
And
I have
And my rabbi too, I get no surprise that doesn't, for a hick in a swing.
Up for a sandwich of night, today, oven, and a cup of liquid.
I love beating and cold those books.
I must offer to you, I'm offered to face the foundation of truth.
I must offer to you, they won't show for me, they'll be up to three times the game.
So I'm going to try it on you, see it's all I've got, saw it, did you?
Oh, for what?
29-2 at 560 and WQM2 at class, we got the show followed by at core.
I already threw the schedule out.
I mean, what's the point? I just smirk handed.
As a matter of fact, look at the schedule for tomorrow.
Why bother?
7-10 pm, TVED to be determined.
Whoever I'm hurting with this, whoever I'm hurting with such a place, a thing, huh?
I just, I can't deal with it.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 and a rising singular wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Hi, how are you?
Pretty good, how you doing?
Good, I just wanted to tell you that was Jane Wyman, who was on FalconCraft.
Oh, not their Claudette Colbert, but she was on some soap.
But she Claudette Colbert, do you see her dynasty?
No, I don't think so.
Jane Wyman was on it, Ronnie Reagan's former wife.
Yeah.
Okay?
Okay, have a great day.
You two, thanks.
All right, bye.
Claudette Colbert, I'm sure was on this somewhere.
Well, maybe I'm wrong.
Look it up.
She had a cosenovated 8-Minute movie on her if he looked her up.
But she's very dead.
She ain't even like Luke Warren at this point.
Speaking of Luke, how's Luke kelp into it?
560-70560, Tom 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
How's Ranger Ricks doing?
How's Ranger Ricks doing?
How's Ranger Ricks?
I think it was Ricks.
Ricks.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, the other guy stole my son, when he said, don't cause you.
But I'd say who I think is the worst is Mary Tyler Moore.
Oh, yeah, she couldn't know.
And another one is Dick Van Dyke.
Oh, absolutely.
But Mary Tyler Moore reminds me of the queen of an old ice cream.
Yeah, right.
And the cause be, dude, I swear I could not even crack a smile.
A guy could not make me laugh if it's my life suspended on it.
Absolutely, right?
Nothing funny about him.
Thank you, Sally.
So we got Mary Tyler Moore and Dick Van Dyke, got those?
We got them.
Okay.
I mean, more amps to them was on the show.
He was funny, but of course he had like a very minor role.
Not that I watched that.
So I don't want you to think I watched it.
I've seen it once.
Because you keep saying, what you never watched Beverly Hills,
back in those days when there was no cable, no satellites, no,
you had like maybe three choices at best.
And so any show that would come on, you'd watch it once or maybe like part of the show.
You've been to Hamlet.
And that would be it.
Why would you, why would anybody with a half a brain situation,
an entire episode of Beverly Hillbilly?
Because it was funny.
And it's a good, funny, or green acres.
Totally different.
Oh, man.
Beverly Hillbilly's was brave.
They couldn't play that on the air now.
Or the Duke's a hazard.
They chopped that up when they played on TV.
The Duke's a hazard.
No, no comparisons.
Actually, like I said, that show must have been so bad for me not to watch it.
It was about as it gets.
And it couldn't get much worse than that.
W.A. Q.A. M. Hello.
Who I am?
Madness Central.
Hello.
This is 560.
No, this is 560.
Hey, can I talk to George?
Do you want to talk to who?
George.
George Rodriguez?
Yes.
What do you want to talk to him about?
About the airport.
About the airport?
Yes.
What about the airport?
They're not paying their bills.
The airport isn't paying their bills to whom?
To whom?
We're waiting.
You're killing some good.
Good time here, man.
You're a bushman.
Hey, George, just go out and talk to him about the airport.
They're not paying their bills.
Let's take it to do it with me.
Yeah, let's take that out of the way with George.
I think we just had an exploration right on a show.
I think he just croaked right on the show.
Which hopefully he and Bob Lincoln sound like I will do the same.
Oh, brother.
Wow.
W.A. M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Alan Alde, anything with him in there?
Is there any of those other douchebags?
Very boring.
Unbelievably boring.
Yeah, I can't stand him.
Thanks, Cali.
Hang in there.
Hang in.
We're hanging, man.
Hang in by our thumbs.
Look at a guy in the Apollo Harvey bit.
We're hanging out to dry.
I think we've been hanging out to dry, don't you?
I should never have signed out.
I mean, what was the hurry?
You know, that's certainly how stupid I am.
I'm going to be the first to admit what an idiot I was.
Why did I hurry into that?
What was the rush?
I don't know.
Seriously.
What was the big deal?
Of course, I got to protect everybody else.
I've got all these people.
These appendages, you know, like George and Bokobrine and Josh Cordis.
So of course, what he's making, you can go out in like on a street corner.
You have more in a cup.
But, you know, not all these people that depend on me.
Okay, so I have to just keep on until I just just expire myself right in the air.
Like, Cali.
So we're going to try to help him out.
You're going to sell your bits on eBay.
Yeah, that's right.
But I mean, you know, at the time it seemed like a fine idea.
And it would be going along.
But in the meantime, little did I realize that all this other crap would be going on.
I mean, just what's it got to do with you?
You're getting paid on.
It has to do with everybody.
I know.
There's radio stations.
Look, I'm trying to, you know, you're trying to like blue sky yourself, not me,
because you're not fooling me for a second.
Your everybody is disturbed and distressed and distraught and, well, psychotic as I am.
There are people.
What are you going to do about it?
And then there's nothing I can do about it.
What am I going to do?
I'm going to say, if you can, I'm going to end it.
Anyway, I'm going to walk out.
I'm not walking anywhere.
I'm walking right into the studio every morning at the, you know, whenever I come in.
What am I going to do?
I'm going to like make threats.
I'm going to walk out.
I'm going to burn a building down.
I'm going to like having nervous breakdown.
I'm going to take a dump on Griggs desk.
I would like to do that.
Oh, the man.
I would like to, you know, I'd like to do, I'd like to go to the lights and I'd like to stock
up on every one of the, you know, because they got a lot of great stuff there, as you know.
But a lot of it's got like sorbitol and maltitol and I happen to have irritable bowel.
And so as a result, when I eat any of those products, as we've discussed before, I am just a run and fool, man.
I am just in that, on it, in it, around it.
Yeah.
It's like my life is flashing before my eyes.
So I would like to just consume for about eight hours all of that stuff and then just run into his office with him, of course, sitting at his desk and then just let it loose.
Let it all hang out.
Oh, that's one of my, the ultimate fantasy.
I'd rather do that than with like $10 million in the lottery.
I really would.
I'd rather just go in there and like just mess all over the place.
I'll get the camcorder.
Oh, can you imagine?
We can, in fact, forget about the 10 million.
We can make 100 million so on the tape of that.
Don't you think?
Oh, he's easy.
Boy, what are we going to do about that?
I'm just dumb.
5, 6, 7, 8.
What have we got here on the facts machine?
Oh, I can't go through this.
I really, I'm just about, let's see, please put Bob Faggot from Full House in America's funniest to honky's.
Oh, yeah, what's his name?
Bob, um, Saggot.
Saggot.
Ram's with Faggot.
Bob Saggot.
I got new respect for him because of that movie.
What's that?
What's that movie, Josh?
I can't think of it.
Half baked.
Half baked.
He did a cameo in there that was possibly the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Really?
Bob Saggot?
What are you stupid of fooled me?
Turn me around completely.
He's an attorney.
Turn you around, well.
And this, uh, Fag's also says, all hail Britler.
I like that Britler.
Yeah, the, uh, builder burgers.
I mean, the, uh, the, the builder burger, the Batonburgs.
Maybe they are the builder burgers, huh?
Maybe they're part of that evil empire with the trial.
There you go.
There's a listing.
Illuminati, huh?
The Illuminati.
Here's a Fag's that says, a frustrated QA minister in Broward.
Thank God somebody cares enough about this insanity that just continues,
whirling around like an out of control hurricane.
Neil, all of the QM programming issues in the progressive downward spiral of the program,
we're going to be tutelage of the mugwomps you have behind the scenes at the station,
can be traced back to one single event, the upstart of that new radio station, WQM Cuba.
Ever since WQM's Cuba signal has been overriding the Miami QM signal,
as soon as the sun goes down, all the troubles really began to snowball a QM Miami.
Well, it must be if it else fault them.
Olding in Miami, can you have one of these supposed leading radio stations sit back,
and a lot of this program to go to Schmidt, and then flip off the listeners and sponsors
by allowing some rogue Mambo and Rumbos station to hijack your signal.
A lot of sure we're doing a lot about that.
We're out there peeing on the tower every day, that's what Bomber Moots is doing.
How the hell am I supposed to listen to Ed Kaplan give the scores eight times
and I want to talk about sports lines with really bad salsa music in the background.
Screw Greg Reid says a frustrated QA listener in Broward,
which we can only say, amen.
You are a seated me in Roger's home.
Yes, congratulations.
We are on 560-60.
QAM.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
An elderly woman sitting on her front porch rocking away the last days of her long life.
Suddenly saw a very godmother appear before her.
The godmother informed her she would be granting three wishes.
Well, now, said the woman, I guess, I would like to be really rich and poof
with a wave of the magic wand, a rocking chair turned to solid gold.
And she said the woman, I guess I wouldn't mind being a young, beautiful princess.
Poof again, the magic wand world, and the elderly woman turned into a beautiful young lady.
Your third wish, said the very godmother?
Well, just then the old woman's cat wandered across the porch in front of her.
Oh, you can change him into a handsome prince, she said.
Poof, there before her stood a young man, more handsome than anyone could possibly imagine.
The woman stared at him, smithened, with a smile that made her wheeze naked.
He saw her to cross the porch and whispered in her ear,
that your sorry you had me neutered.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
One of 44, that's one of the great things that's happened in the years we've been
Paul Harvey Jr. from the show, that was good.
See, already it's only the 13th.
Well, tell your blessings.
And some good things are happening.
Well, I was inspired by you, of course, being a hard-ass that you are.
I don't know what you have against him, even though he's terminal.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
How about Bob's second?
We just put him on there, Bob's second.
You must be psychic.
I missed it.
But we just stuck him on there.
We just stuck him.
Well, I'm a daily.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks. See ya.
How about Bob's third?
We have a flurry of lady here at the tourney in the Shownetskut.
Well, they care enough to send a very best or whatever it is.
Right?
Something they got.
I think everybody thinks I'm joking.
They never take me seriously.
Well, seriously, you don't take me seriously.
When I'm joking, it's like, oh, do you hear what he said?
You know, like that.
This is serious businessman.
This is the same thing.
I'm going to roll tape.
So who's doing the headlines?
Rust today or Ken?
Probably Rust at two.
Yeah, Rust.
As soon as he starts those sports nerd headlines,
which I hope he, I don't want to like, you know,
interfere with his duties there, because he does a good job.
But just do it fast.
You know, get over here, cut to the chase.
Right?
Right.
And let's see what the hell is going on here again.
I mean, this business of well tonight, I'm going to,
that was Monday.
That's right. Monday night somebody was going to decide, right?
Right.
And then here it's Thursday.
And we thought it was decided.
And we thought somebody was on like in a certain time.
We thought we had the people locked up.
And now it's Thursday.
It's like, oh, well, I guess what?
You got mad dog back to 2 to 4,
which is original contract called for.
And mow 4 to 7, because we got to fill that empty slot with a moment.
Do do do do do do.
Do do do a man.
Maybe you could cover up and send with a do do do do do do do do.
Me.
Do you?
Huh?
I just got that big ball spot where that muskrat used to be.
You know, I never said that.
You see the treatment what?
Do do do do do.
No, but he has to have a ball spot right?
Never put the piece back on.
No, it looks great.
Well, there you go.
You see, look what I do at the tremendous power of Neil and Steve Ziggler
and I OD made him flip off that ridiculous looking thing
and the same with a moment.
And he's a man.
Embarrassed and humiliated and be great.
He's all the better for it.
Nice going mow you're welcome.
Absolutely.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Good.
What about that, Danani?
And, you know, for the better.
Fran Drescher.
Fran Drescher, let me say again after we got the 75 delays.
Yeah, amen.
She is not just a bad actress.
She's just walking in.
In fact, I'll tell you, Prince Harry probably likes her.
Because she's like a big billboard for anti-semitism and Fran Drescher.
She is just annoying, man.
And that has to be an act.
Doesn't it?
Please tell me it's an act.
Maybe she exaggerates a little.
I see.
Well, in that case, WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Please.
Speaking, please.
Hey, Neil.
I wanted to put my vote in for Henry Winkler as the Farns.
Okay.
A good choice.
A lot of bad people on the show.
Thank you.
And also, what about Tom Bosley?
Huh?
We already got Tom East.
We got Anson A.
Hold on.
Let's put it on there.
Yeah.
Well, now let's not do the whole thing.
Now, don't be putting what's in Scott Baill on there.
Keep it your act.
Wait a minute.
Who was he married to?
Jony.
No, no, no.
Jony and Chalki.
Come on, get serious.
No, he was very do while we did that.
Nicola Chardonn was that career?
I had no idea.
She was also married to Harry Hamlin.
Now, Kenneth Vos Macho.
I'll tell you.
Well, never.
I don't want to go into it.
Okay.
Harry Hamlin.
I think it's because he was in that movie.
With Michael O'Kee and Kate Jackson making love.
We played that screamer.
And just after that role, I just looked at him and I think, wow, wow, wow.
But I think about the Harry Hamlin.
Did too good of a job, did he?
Plus, he was also.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I think he was in the boys in the band.
I could be wrong about that.
That's an old movie from the 70s.
He couldn't have been in that.
I don't know.
Never saw it.
You ever saw it?
I don't know.
It was too faggy for you.
But you do want to see the teller Mr. Ripley with you law.
And my thing is, you have to bug up your ass about Mad Damon.
No, no, I like Mad Damon.
He's good.
He is.
He's over a piece.
He's looking to use a little tan in the can.
Although I heard that he is kind of tan on the can.
Come to QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, it's Mad Damon.
Come to QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I got one for the poll.
Okay.
The old lady from Golden Girls.
Oh yeah.
Be Arthur.
Be Arthur?
No, no.
I'm going to play the ball.
Be Arthur.
The only one that I know is that he was going to play the ball.
Be Arthur.
I know the one you're talking about.
Look it up.
Look up that horrible show, Golden Girls.
He should have to know the name.
Yeah.
Boyish girl.
No, he should not have to.
How hard is it to Google Golden Girls?
There was only three of them.
Too hard for him to do it.
No way, man.
How about Room of Clanahan?
Okay.
How many of them were there?
We don't know what he's talking about.
He said the mother, the mother, the oldest one.
Figure the name is out there.
Room of Clanahan, which I hated that show.
I didn't watch it, but somehow I know who's in it.
Um, the Betty White.
Who don't even know who I mentioned before.
The mod, the art.
Right.
Right.
And somebody else.
The one that looks like Aunt B.
All right.
I'll look it up.
You look at it.
I'm a wild fiddle.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Somebody cue A and hello.
Hello, man.
You're speaking.
You know, how about her baby delicious?
Is it playing?
Is it playing?
He was a good and those short subjects.
You see, okay.
We'll put him on her.
Her baby delicious.
He was an amateur.
His family family was a midget, you know?
And of course, it was, uh, what was his name?
Johnny Pileo, who played the harmonica from the harmonica.
I think his name was way before you were born.
You know, people that are like midgets that run around looking for you.
For sympathy, you know, you know, those two guys that the twins, the midget twins,
that sell like real estate and stuff.
You have seen it like me.
Oh, the real estate guy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What the hell is their name?
I mean, that's got nothing to do with this, but it's just the idea that they're like midgets, you know?
Yeah.
They're twin midgets.
And they sell, uh, I think it's real estate.
Isn't it?
They got some kind of a scam pyramid thing that they sell on TV.
They're, uh, bizarre because everybody else is still getting.
It's still getting?
That's the old, uh, the only other one that you didn't name.
Uh, well, we don't need to put in any money.
And Betty White, she, you know, she was married to Alan Ludden, so give her some slack, okay?
The most, uh, Alan Ludden, you know, gay.
The worst TV actor actress ever is Tony Danza 72, but he's got some stiff competition there.
Chuck Norris 61, Donald Trump 60, Rosanna Stern, aged up with 41, when she gets, uh, behind her, look out.
David Caruso 40, Will Smith 26, Mr. 28, Will Smith, uh, Mr. T-26, JJ Walker 23.
William Schatner 19, Hulk Hogan 18.
How about, uh, Hogan zeroes?
How about Tory spelling 17?
Uh, Anson William 16, famous and Anson.
I do like to this famous saying his cookies though.
Stay with him.
Aren't they good?
Let's talk about the shit.
They're good. Don't eat them.
Mmm, he'd be a whole bag full.
Like if I could do it right now before I finish the show.
John Stamos 14, Kelly Ripa 13, Ashton Kuchikuchi 12, Ellen D. Generith 11, pasty died.
Uh, John Ritter 10, Donnie Moes 10, Andy Griffith 9, uh, Dan,
E. I. L.O. only eight. Come on.
Get serious, man.
Maybe they don't know who that is.
Bad Guita actor, Danny I. L.O. awful.
Susan Summer 6, Freddie Prince 6.
Uh, and it just, uh, did that thing.
I hate when it does that to me.
Rent them in the sentence.
Uh, Lorenzo Lamas 5, David Hasselhoff 5, Vincent Donner 305, Don Johnson 4, Dr. Volta 4, Buddy Epson 4,
and a rest of them, uh, not too much.
Single digits for the rest.
I feel like I've done a marathon here today.
Everything was going on.
What time did that thing come in?
About 12.30?
One.
One o'clock?
What o'clock?
Oh, it seems like we've been mourning this whole situation for like hours now.
My, my stomach, my kishtis are all twisted now.
I feel like I'm going to puke my guts out, like I'm going to get on my hands and knees and crawl around just puking and muttering to myself.
But I'll be taping it too.
It seems a new Roger.
The rest of them, five sub-bikes.
Also, please solve a debate for me.
It was, you were so vained by Carlisdend about Warren Bader, Mick Jagger.
Mick Jagger, I always thought it was Bader until I heard you talk.
But I said everybody says, huh?
She never confirmed it.
No, but that's the, why I don't ever even heard Warren Bader.
That's what Tracy and Kenne want to know now.
You know, that's what we say, that's what we think.
Hey, Neal, it says you mentioned Don Notser.
We are posted a link of a really funny bit of Don Notser's W on my website for the poll.
Good choice.
Mario Lopez, saved by the bill.
Maybe one of the words.
That should be on our work show thing the other day.
Saved by the bill?
Okay.
Should only rotten hell.
Anyway, I'm rolling tape and good luck to us all.
Bye, bye, bye.
