Ah!
It's for you to love cool
I'm so proud
What I got
I'm so proud what I got
Oh, it pleases me to brag about so dope for me
Thou I must tell you what my car
That's my Cadillac's crown
It has a hole in the trunk
And it's emptied in the door
And you can see the road
Through the hole in the floor
It's for you to love cool
I'm so proud what I got
It's an idiot who could only win
One hand to lay
So when it gets started
Use my ground
And something breaks down
So it's not how to fix
The stuff keeps it failing
Why is the truck
It's my head to round two
Here it comes
So proud what I got
And so proud what I got
I never knew how to drive a car before
But they handed me the keys
When I got too short
And didn't let even up to make the really flip
There's one more thing
I got no way
So it feels up with water
On the rainy day
With the tape and the windows
It's the work of a game
The front wheels start to shake
When I try to steer
And I can't get it out of second
It's good
And it's my little ground cool
I'm so proud what I got
I'm so proud what I got
It's my little ground cool
I'm so proud what I got
10.15
At 5.60 WDK
I think I'm going to survive this
Scratchy Strowdigan
This allergies, weather chains, the whole day
I think I'm dodging a bullet again
How do I do that?
How does a fat old slob like me
Good curler
Is that one it is?
Maybe it must be good jeans
No, it's not really sad that God like me
It's like a look at the draw
If you're born and you have good jeans
And you might live a long time
Even if you're like a slob
And you never exercise
You don't eat all kinds of crap
But if you have the good jeans
You might just dodge your old bullet
If you have bad jeans
All you're going to be doing is saying
I'm dying out of here
Primiturally
Anyway, I don't think we have time
Since we only got four more days of this half-assed
We don't know when we start kind of dealing with going on
What are you talking about?
Aren't you shocked?
And again, we don't listen
So I have no idea whether he had any comment
Or any call about it
And on the front page of the Sun Sentinel
Tom Jica
And by the way, Tom, yesterday I said some good things about you
But don't get too carried away
Because today I got like, you know, he makes it sound
Is though I had something to do with this decision
Of Yankin's turn off at QAM
What are you talking about? We'll get to it.
No, I'm not going to postpone the thing to live
And I'll just, at 11 o'clock we'll just reprise some of this stuff
Do it twice
Yeah, we'll just do it twice
Kill twice as much time that way
Do it twice, you have to say how much time
Here's the poll result for me yesterday
Which if I do this now, it enables us to get into the new pool
I, because we need to do that right now
Because now the stern people, some of them are still listening
They haven't gotten to the radio yet to turn it off
And I'm sure some of them will be pissed off
And so blame me
Oh, we know that you were completed and widening
And I'm going to have to decide or think that Neil had that kind of power
Go right ahead
Because that's a general conception. Neil decides who's going to be on here
Right
Absolutely, right?
Absolutely, yeah
I was the one who decided Ron Hershey High was going to be on there
And yeah, in my good close personal friend
Don't, don't, don't, don't
I think he fit in like a rubber glove 2-4
That's my suggestion
I want to like beat everybody to the punch because it's going to be
Because we're going to have an open slot there
Because my dogs move in the 4-7
And the Humper, in case you haven't read the Sun Sentinels
Humper is going to be doing the morning
He's going to be staggering in
That was great
With blood sugar about 600 at 6.30 in the morning
And that ought to be a real trip, you know what I'm saying
We'll see how that goes. So we'll take a poll on that
When we get a poll on the movies and we got all kinds of crap
Which will repeat over and over again
So we'll do about a 5-minute show and just keep repeating it
How's that? All right?
Here's the poll for me yesterday and then we'll wipe it off
We'll wipe it off like a slight clean, okay?
Wipe it like you were with that saran wrap in the tea room
Oh, come here. We're that wax paper
Maybe somebody at QM would like to go out and spend a couple of bucks to buy some real shaman
Seem Mr. Ripple on the green board
Maybe you can get a wholesale instead of buying
A cut-wite wax paper
Yeah, yeah, a whiteboard
Yeah, that's what it is
Isn't that what the brand name is cut-wite?
It doesn't so much wipe as it relocates
Right, just kind of smears it around
Anyway, what person thing business or place can you
At least understand its popularity
Was our poll yesterday over 1,500 votes
That's not too bad or making a little bit of a comeback
At least we were for one day and now they find out that Stern is departing
The O.G.
What? He's not departing everywhere just Q.I.M.
And sit at 11 and he didn't put it back on here either
He's pissing everybody off
Plus I guess these people finally decided that maybe some people were right months ago when he said he'd have to be a lunatic in the South Florida market
To put Stern on here unless you want to lose your license
And they don't listen to people like that
I don't know who said that but somebody I know
Anyway George W. Bush, no secret
He won hands down. We can't understand it although I can
Likes attract. There are millions and millions and millions of ignorant Americans
Dumber than sawdust
But it is their middle name but 438 votes for W. They just don't get it
Reality TV 183 that was very good choice
Dr. Phil 149, despised, reviled by this audience
Not as much as Phil Sims but close
NASCAR 99, organized religion only 91
I don't understand that. Why didn't that do better?
I don't know. Huh? I don't know
Although we do understand it because people are afraid of death
Like Madeline O'Hare used to say religion without a hell isn't worth a damn
That was her favorite line. Cute. Didn't help her to do that great. Didn't help when they sliced her ass up
But nevertheless, Paris Hilton 86, Dave Berry 65, Oprah 44, fake boobs 40, pro wrestling 34, NBA 32
Michael Jackson 27, McDonald's 24, McDeath
Rush Limbaugh 23, Donald Trump 18, J. Leno 17
J. Leno, 16, none that's just thing how J. Leno and J. Leno were like side-by-side
I kind of like that. Told you, sports talk 15, Adam Sandler 13, Jessica Simpson 12,
Walmart 11, Paris France 11, not to be confused with Paris Hilton
Quentin Tarantino 11, who still busy of pushmearing my mayonnaise on his thing
Neil Simon 11, country music 10, Richie Simmons 9, Letterman 7, this crowd likes Letterman
Don't ask me why I don't understand. I have no clue. Maybe once upon a time he was funny
But I guess I missed that show. Rascal House 5 and South Carolina 2
Rascal House 1, if I don't think our crowd eats at the Rascal House, you know?
Oh, no. So anyway, here's the pull. Now we got the Kylie Backs
On a beaten curtain today. Yesterday that was a fantastic
Jenna Jameson, that was a good result. Good shot. Very modest by her standards
And that's a kind of quality material we want to present there because there might actually be some people
On the age of 100 looking at it. Kylie Backs was born January 5, 1975, in Taines, New Zealand
Is that Tames or Tames? Tadda. Spelt like the river? Yeah, Tames.
That makes her 29. Measurements 34, 24, 35, and then it's a show more. I wonder what they mean by that
Tennis anyone that is now yet. How can that not be out yet? Well, it's coming out this year
I guess. Get over it. Perfume. Boys and girls. Jill the Ripper. We married Margot. The big tease in the storm catcher
And let's see. She was on the hardster and she'll about 850 times the late show would create killborn and that's basically it
Is Kylie back. So there she is. Take a peek at it if you like and if not that's okay too
Well, I'm talking to scratching throat maybe an issue today yesterday. I think I feared pretty white yesterday
Although I do have my halls mental it's yeah, I got vicks. I get lots and lots of them. I got halls up the ass
Right here. In fact, these are in a green. I thought you were supposed to put them
Well, when you this problem if you stand up real fast they do tend to fall out cool men
You know see it's like I told you by chef boy already years ago if you make a roof like 75 different products
But it's all reading the same stuff just in different shapes. Then you're gonna sell out more
That's called great marketing. It's the same with halls mental. It's used to be basically a couple
There was the plain right like pale looking the colorless one right that just tasted like eucalyptus
They've tasted like crap but never was very soothing and then it was also the like the red ones that left your tongue in your head
And then I'll show red and purple and you look like you were bleeding that to cherry and now they got like thousands of them
These are Indians like this cool men's pretty good
So if I sound a little foodier than usual today, they'll be because I'm sucking on it. halls mental with this
26 after 10 now I didn't give the new pool yet, right? You didn't know. Well, let's build a little suspense
Let's do this very short break and then when we come back we'll give the new pool and we'll confabulate on it
Let's see what they have to say. I don't see a lot of phones right now and that's probably because most of
Marnie been aware that this is for real, you know, Israel. It but it is. I guess you didn't talk about it this morning. The Steer
Meister. Hey, resolve yourself to a better night sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800 mattress right now. Nothing has a
Bigger impact on your daily health well-being and productivity than a good night sleep and you can get one
That I from dollar mattress by calling 1-800 mattress right now. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's noticeably
Saga or lumpy. It's time for a new one choose from a complete line of the top names in the business. They got them all they got
Sealy, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Pepperpete, Xterins and Banana Sposter 2.
Boundum actress takes same day orders all day long from Kendall Astur from Palm Beach to Ford Myers and you still get to pick that
Two-hour delivery window when it's convenient for you when you want that mattress delivered and guess what?
They really show up. I've been using these folks for years and they're on time 99.7% of the time.
Dollar mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local tour to word for excellence. So if you want to waste time,
Gas and money, go right ahead, schlepte your vetting and department stores and get ripped off pay for the big overhead.
If you want to make a really smart purchase and sleep like a baby for years to come with an unbeatable deal all the way around, just call
Violum actress that one easy call will do it. 1-800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com.
Dialum actress 1-800-NATTRES.
We're the packship station.
I know I'm my body's weighing already.
Put one for Kate some way.
Well that bouncing is now recommending. I'm too messed up.
I'm not going to be doing money to stay.
Well I am drunk for sure too many doors. I just hit the floor, they'll kiss me for an unwaisted big time.
I'm going to be doing my wasted big time.
Got a horny feeling and there is some reason for that ugly girl that's beautiful again.
Whoa, who is my head? I'm dying over here.
1031.19. I screwed up man. I made a grand mistake.
I changed the pole twice. You did Eric put a thing in the chat thing about it.
Yeah, I don't know how I did that. I banged it twice, banged it in this slowly but a little bit too fast.
Anyway so I don't know how we do that. Is he going to manually or can he do it manually? He'll have a little bit of pain.
He'll have a little bit of pain. Let him manipulate our pole manually.
You can't see how that works out.
Oh there we go. It's back on. Nice work Eric. That was fast. Now here's the deal. Let me vote.
What's your take on the Hank Goldberg replacing Stern on QAM deal?
What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Stern on QAM? That will happen next Monday by the way.
Humphrobe on 7 to 10. We'll be back to 10 to 2 the whole four hours.
2 to 4 we still have no idea. We also have no idea who's going to precede Hank and it will not be sporting news radio in spite of what time jicker writes.
And then mandog 4 to 7. And then the usual nighttime 0.5. I mean an 80K at 10.
What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on QAM?
Now evidently nobody reads this unscentular. Nobody's aware of this or else they just don't care because I would have thought that the foam would have been ringing off though.
So maybe nobody called him about it. Maybe that's why you heard nothing about it. Maybe nobody bothered.
Anyway here are your choices. I'm pissed. I'm through with QAM. I'm pissed but I'll still listen to Neil.
I don't care. I don't listen before Neil anyway. I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank a slash sports nerd fan or I'm thrilled Neil will be back to 10 to 2.
Those of you are five great choices on our very important scientific pool.
This story about Roman Catholic Church in Orange County, California allowing a gay couple to rule their children in church 12. I don't really care.
We have too many important fish to find. On another day I might have wasted some time with it.
Especially since we had like 45 extra minutes to kill today. What is that all about anyway?
Is that resolution?
Why did he do that? Is that to like short change the stations?
Can I tell you a little now that he's going off the station anywhere? I'll tell you a little story.
True story. I know it from the inside. That when Stern announced that he was going to serious radio back in October.
The ego he has is so mammoth that he really believed that the 35 or 36 stations that carry a show that each of the markets was going to participate in a farewell tour.
And that he would do a show in each of those markets for a day or a week or whatever.
And in Miami and wherever. Whoever carried the show. And they would hold a ticker tape parade.
No. Yes. That was my first reaction. Yes. He was he's wounded because of the fact he thought has attributed him and what he's done for traditional terrestrial.
The station that he's screwing over that he's stabbing in the back and leaving to go to serious and promoting the hell out of non terrestrial radio of satellite radio.
That everybody would hold a ticker tape parade. And he's bitterly wounded over the fact that that's at least that's the scuttle about that I get from right from the horse's ass.
That was that pretty on speechless. But I am making an expression you should see.
Really? Yeah. Well, is that something? I mean, it's one thing they have a big ego and just tons and tons of publicity and money to go along with it.
That's fine. You know, I don't begrudge anybody that but the big ego thing really might just get stewed governor of Baghdad assassinated.
Let's get that out of the way right now. Okay. Then we'll get to the important stuff like radio news.
Baghdad governor Ali al-Hedrieve has been shot dead in the roadside ambush in the Iraqi capital.
The highest profile assassination there since May attacker shot at his armored plated car from different directions as his convoys you drove through northern Baghdad.
Violence has been escalated. He had a elections planned for the 30 of this month in a separate incident.
At least 10 people have been killed in about 60 other injured in the bomb blast at a police post in Baghdad.
A suicide bomb rammed a fuel truck into which at point near the green zone. The explosion struck the city turned the immediate area into an inferno
since BBC correspondent Jim Muir in the bag dad. Eight policemen were said to have died in attack near special Iraqi forces command post.
And it just goes on and on. Or we're fine. And this morning they had Jew Lieberman there. I'm seeing an entailment.
And we have to have these on action. Right. Just a few thousand people that are like messing it up for 25 million Iraqi. Right.
Sure. Okay. Now I guess there's no point in putting this off right. So we get to the meet the matter.
Do you want to take up a call from angry people? What do you want to do?
Whatever. Take some calls. Somebody QAAM. Hello.
I have no problem with getting a third replace for putting the hangover on. Yeah. Back to sports. We got seven ninety got 1,900.
I mean, put some something entertaining. You mean like Bob and Tom?
Whoever anyone but Hank that guy's a poor set. And he's ugly as hell.
Hank is like me. He's got a face and a body for radio. Although he does do a lot of TV though. And it doesn't seem to bother them.
Last time I saw Hank was on ESPN. What game was that? Was it a yeah. Was it a game? What was that? Was it a week ago Sunday night? Wasn't it a judge?
I don't know. A week ago Sunday night I think would have been the Browns Dolphin game. And you don't know. Wait. He was on the sidelines. Was he?
Yeah. No, I didn't see him. He was talking to Bonnie Schwartz Goldstein which everyone of those they have. And is that why do they have those broads?
They're first of all most of them aren't even as the slightest bit attractive. Bonnie Bernstein's got a nose like a serenote of Berger rack.
She's not good. Get on. Oh, come on. All right. I mean, great. But I mean, if you're going to have somebody put somebody hot on a sideline.
I agree. I think you know, if you're going to have a bimbo on here who adds nothing. And she's always, oh well, I'll finish this story right after this play.
You know, like we were just holding our breath waiting to get back to Bonnie and her big story about how Vinnie tested very once squeezed her boob or something. Who cares.
Anyway, here's the story. Goldberg takes over Stern's slot written by Tom Jekin this morning's Sunsendle. It is one of the most amazing.
I just can't even describe it that's during the show this morning in New York, which was carried on this station.
And this this story is teased on the front page of the Sunsendle. It's not like it's in, you know, one of those.
It's the way, huh? Right. Like in the flyer. Yeah. The weekly flyer or some tabloid radio. That nobody reads. Right.
And it's in the Sunsendle man in an almost real newspaper. Goldberg takes over Stern's slot. And it says Tom Jekin says WQM is dropping the hammer on Howard Stern.
That's kind of cute. As of Monday, Stern show will disappear from the sports station. 560 AM replaced by a new program hosted by Hank Goldberg who moves from afternoon drive.
Unlike most morning drive programs, Goldberg will sign out at 7 a.m. Goldberg in notorious Nite Owl and Club Hopper and Eater said there is no way he could be up early enough to be on earth in normal 6 a.m. starting time.
Goldberg who said he expects a hefty raise to become a slave of the alarm clock added there isn't enough money to get me to do a 6 a.m. program. That's what I told him to.
They offered me a lot of serious money to do that morning show. And I said, no, I'm an old fart. I'm not getting up at 4.30 and I'm going to do your stupid morning show just because you broke it, Mr. Prevera-Kater.
Here's another voting option according to what facts it says. Hank blows and I won't listen. It says Glad Stern is gone but Hank really blows. Should we put that on there?
What are? Okay, Hank blows and I won't listen. All right. Well, see there, there's surely there already piling on. Anyway, Tom Vicka continues. See, it's only Tuesday and we have no idea what our schedule is for next Monday.
This insanity continues on and on. That's why I was in such a hurry to get to deals like because I just want the money like I've told you. I don't care what else they do. If I come on it, quarter to two, if I come on at 12.45 at this point, now that I got to think all secured and wrapped up. Right? Yeah.
Yeah. To see people don't believe me about that. It is very rude to our audience, although I'm delighted to see that the beastly people wanted to deal in a very honorable way with this whole situation. I wish they would have done that with me when they put them on in the first place. Goldberg's move on the necessity changes throughout the schedule. Jim Madditch is logical choice to take over for Goldberg from 4 to 7 p.m. But this wouldn't necessitate coming up with a replacement for the former dolphins current to the 4 p.m. slot. I know who it is. I'm telling you it may be a lot of fun. Puster paying him anyway, right? Right? For the time being.
But you have a don't you think that would be good? I do. Certainly my elimination. It says however this shift is far less important than afternoon drive. I don't agree with that. Far less. It is less important, but not far less. It's still an important piece of the puzzle. It's right in the middle of the daytime. Tom and Maddog is turning into a couple of you. I always had a couple of humongous numbers and those are two to four hours. Always. That's a goal. Right? QA, I'm an all likelihood of running the sporting news network overnight show as a lead in the Goldberg. That's just plain wrong, Tom. Whoever told you that was telling lies. Not that we have anybody in the world.
We're just giving you crap. WQM General Manager speaking of lies. Greg Reed declined to comment on the potential changes. Conversations are taking place. He said, but nothing has been finalized. Conversations are taking place. Oh yeah. Replacing steer with the program that ends at 10 a.m. would also see this is the part I don't like Tom. I take back most of what I said about yesterday being a nice guy because it makes it sound like I had something to do with this. I had nothing to do with it. Purely what it had to do with was the fact that like I've tried telling these people.
And they wouldn't listen to me. You know, the license becomes at risk when you start putting certain people on the air when you in soft floor to anyway. When you have the notorious FCC complainer living right in your midst, the unmancinable one. Replacing steer with the program that ends at 10 a.m. would also appease neo-rodgers. The station's biggest generator of ratings and revenue has been vocal expressing this pleasure about having to start this program whenever. Stern feels like ending his. Some days this is 11 a.m. or later. See what you don't understand Tom is now that I got that new deal going. I couldn't do.
I think I've had a crap less but that's okay because Tom just makes it up as he goes along. This is the second time in less than a year that Stern has been without an outlet in the Miami Fort Lauderdale market. He was dropped by big 105.9 f.m. in February in anticipation of the SEC crackdown on indecency after the Super Bowl wardrobe malfunctioned.
The first time in the world was a big conference. Oh look at that Tom started to get like more endowedies. He's using big words in there. WPBZ the buzz in Palm Beach. We stored Stern to Palm Beach Market in July. The following month WQM announced it was picking up the syndicated program. A bad, bad mistake. A very serious error in judgment.
Stern shocked the industry in October announcing he's abandoned into broadcast band for a serious satellite radio when his contract expires at the end of 2005. The fact that he'll be leaving less than a year undoubtedly was a factor in WQM moving its move now.
The news is that the company has been in the office for a long time. The company has been in the office for a long time.
The company has been in the office for a long time. The company has been in the office for a long time. The company has been in the office for a long time.
Stern just isn't good enough to make a broadcast show work in the new antidecency climate. Chicago Morning Man, ManCal Mueller says of Stern,
Here's a guy who claims to be a great champion of free speech who he and he threw in the towel for money. He can paint it any way he wants. The fact is he gave up. He doesn't have what it takes to work in this world.
ManCal, I ask that Stern likes real creativity saying that I think are you a lesbian or are those real as an easy way out. I do think what he does is easy. Anyone can do it.
Mueller says he's optimistic and new generation of talk hosts who are as you without crossing indecency limits can keep broadcast radio as vital as ever.
It's time for somebody new he says of Stern. He's lame says manCal Mueller in Chicago. I do like that.
And guess who was working with our with manCal our close personal friend give you one hand.
Now is he still doing that? I don't know. I don't think so. Who's had the most jobs in last five years in this business. It's got to be for real.
Man, he sure moves around a little bit. Can't imagine why. Let's see. Here's a I'll still listen to Stern. He's available on the buzz. There's another one. Okay. Put that on the pool. I'll still listen to Stern on the buzz. Got it. Got it.
Okay. Let's take a look and see how that pole is coming. Now we are going to do a thing about the best movie the year since everybody's doing that right now. I've only got about 400 names of movies.
But we won't start with quite that many probably more like third man. Here's how the polls coming so far. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Stern on QM? I haven't even looked over this yet. Look at that.
In 10 minutes about 130 votes. That's that's shocking in it. I'm thrilled. Neil looking back to 10 to 2. 47. I'm pissed but I'll still listen to Neil 24. I'm pissed. I'm through with QM and other 24. So let's see. That's 18.4%. We just kissing goodbye. I don't care. I don't listen before Neil anyway. 21. And I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank sports nerd fan. 14. Hmm. And we're riding a couple more. Right. We are. Right. We are. Okay. So let's take four or five thousand calls. They didn't see what the odds are.
This is quite a staggering moment. And like I said, you would have thought that there would have been some comment about this. He spent his good part of his show. I'm told yesterday ripping Citadel broadcasting for not putting him back on here for airing. Opian Anthony when he was on hiatus. Those last two weeks of the year on vacation. And then when he came back on yesterday alive, they didn't put a show back on on Citadel. So we spent the whole show or a good part of it. Vashing the crap out of them. I would have thought maybe tomorrow. I'll be back to the crap out of QM and the beastly or something like that. You think maybe I would think so. Somebody QA and hello. Neil. I should definitely
bring D. So when now there you go. There's an option we hadn't even heard to do what? It's working two to seven or two to four. Something because it's like he said about people one time. At least the guy talks about other things except dolphins and hurricanes football. He talks about boxing and he talks about all kinds of sports. Boxing. Yeah. Boxing. There's a lot of good boxing matches coming on. Stuff they are. Goddy. You can call them up. Talk to them about just about any sporting. I'm ready to talk to John. Okay. Okay. That's what I'll do that. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll
do it. You think they were to have the figure in that that they're probably not going to have to pay him past June? You'll probably be off the air by June. Because you're not going to be in the
infinity. He's not going to let him spend the last six months with contract talking about. You're curious in everything? No, I just think they get really nervous with a
flack. They get in the falloff from the having to show on the arena. Even with all the dumb stuff they do and everything and he just...He just hasn't cut back on the crap. And he doesn't understand. I don't know why he keeps doing it. I mean, what's the point? Well, maybe he's he's probably trying to get thrown off
So then he goes, yeah, I can do one thing. He's doing a good job of that. Yeah, I mean, we'll put here anyway. We'll put the
Yeah, you're right and it's sitting at a low six markets. We'll put the default on there. Good. Thanks. Bye. I don't know
We're gonna put them. I mean on there. We'll do a poll on that. We got all kinds of point
We got a who should do five to seven in the morning? Who should you do through to four in the afternoon? Does anybody give a crap?
All that stuff. I'm curious to see the results of that one. One thing, you know, I always thought that this
Station was in Florida, you know, but now I realize we're in the state of flux. That's with an L. Okay
Yeah, the movie coming up. We're in a constant state of flux. It's just never ends. It just goes on and on
In fact, it reminds me that let me do it. Yeah, like if you only hear one song this fall over and over and over again
This is the song to hear over and over and over
Yeah, it reminds me that it's just never ending soap opera. Wait till I tell the story about how Greg you're alliding me about that
Country five six seven oh five sixty. I think I should tell it on the year. Don't you clear?
Clarence I thought Clarence was gonna like pass that in the floor when I told him that
Let me just tell you one thing boys and girls about our general manager Greg Reed when you shake his hand on any kind of a deal
You might even be wearing one of them rubber gloves one of them latex gloves
You know the kind I'm talking about yes, I do the kind of
Partial just uses before he starts inserting into your back dome WQ a.m. Hello
WQ M hello. Yeah, yes, sir
Can it be in the air you're on here right now oh
Neil yes, sir. Hey
I'm a rabbit stern Lister right before
When he got kicked off of the other station I used to listen to him in the interim on
On the internet right so I'm not gonna
Not gonna really lose anything and I really don't care about sports so on the internet. Yeah, I mean there's
There's a place on the internet that you can listen to stern right. It's not easy, but you can't you can do it?
Yeah, so that's what I do
I mean from the Phil Henry days when I used to listen to him and you and when you used to have that wonderful lineup on that other station
I mean I've been abused so much by the
Local radio stations are you sure I've been abused by all the local radio stations that I'm I'm in I'm numb
I'm numb. Yeah, I'm not really angry. It's amazing
Is it how many times have I said will a crap ever hit the ground will ever come down and just settle for like a few months or a year
Just get one toe on the ground, but it just never stops the regurgitation of the talent right
Well, I think you and Phil and like us and everybody else to who
Has anything that people want to listen to they should really just
All be on satellite. I have satellite TV
More than be happy to pay 12 bucks a month to listen to whoever I'll listen to anytime I want to listen to them and that's it and just get off of this
of this quote unquote public air waves and cut you know what and get serious and do a real show
Well, see they made some overtures to me, but they were like to namby panty wish you was she in the run
But it would and I'm just not interested in that you know in other words if you're really gonna do something
Be a little more specific. You don't have to put like dollars and cents on the table
But give me an indication give me a sign. You know, give me a high sign that you're gonna do something and they just didn't do that
They did it around in my side. I don't know if that thing's really gonna fly
I'd rather like a sure thing at this age of my life if I was younger and more adventurous
I hop right on that bandwagon, but I'm just too old for that crap. Yeah, well, you know, I don't want to be Marco Polo at the age of 100
But I love your show to be honest with you
But the bottom line is I think that's I think Stern is a hundred percent correct
That's the way of real talent all the real talent is gonna go into you have a little let me ask you something
See that's interesting because who are there?
I've been saying this to a lot of people who are the people that are gonna be on with him
I have no idea most of the people on traditional radio are under contract
So who he's got three stations to fill up on there on serious. Who's he gonna put on?
Well look at it this way
Stern gets most of his talent right out of the gutter
You know from all the rat packers and stuff like that. Yeah, he gets all these freaks
Yeah, I don't think too many people are gonna pay to listen to the arti show or the
You know, I don't say so he's got his work cut out. Well, let me tell you this much
I'd rather listen to you Neil and listen to what's that side kick of yours? Oh the bird. Yeah
Okay, I have a great day pal. Thanks. Yeah, I didn't even know your name George. That's like well
I mean the light ticket retool the shot at George. You of course you'd rather listen to me. George ain't no Neil. Okay, George is George
He's gonna find a stellar job every show that he does including noonditute today. He's gonna be doing great
Once I pretend to my throat is acting right now sir
I don't understand why they feel I have to take your gratuitous shot. You well
Supposed to be me and we don't need any of the wannabes. They're so damn many Neil wannabes business
You I mean oh god? I'm so sick and tired of that paid everybody there that they're poor man's the O'Rodgers imitation
Can't handle it five six seven oh five sixty we're getting a lot of votes on this pull man
This is this is the kind of stuff that they get all whipped up about and why not it's on the radio you clowns
It's a radio thing. There's two things that they want to hear about is sex and radio and that's it right right now
We can't talk about sex anymore. So let's just do a radio show about radio
Yeah plenty of material
Maybe we should like postpone the I don't want to get Eric or two minute of shapes especially after we
He flipped his van the other day during the holidays
With a van totally people with this whole family and my guess
SUV
I'm sorry is this UV what's he driving a gas guzzling SUV because he got a big family those of us who have children
He doesn't have that Japanese wife. So we said they're kind of landed on a funny slant the van the SUV
Now see that that's just a little joke there Eric don't take that personal
He's got a sense of humor and if he doesn't too bad
But I'm thinking maybe we ought to do the movie things that are on and Thursday. I agree
We know that the jikah thing was gonna show up today
I've known about this other deal for a couple of days few days
But of course it was top secret see they always tell me something top secret and don't
Don't be the word of it and then next thing. I know it's always in the newspaper
Right which I will say this it's amazing that very jackass totally missed this nice godberry
I guess mama didn't pack the right the below the savage this morning because little Tommy jikah
The scoop in a sunset all and very jackass. He's writing about the lane crap
Have a nothing to do with the big story of the year. I would say this is one of the big radio stories of the year when you
Certainly stirring comes on QA man. I've stirred so let's see August 16
He came on and the date next Monday is the 10th of January
So let's see September October November a little less than four months for all I think was on about the same period of time
Talk about right here's my message to management don't put anymore that kind of radio on a radio station
Okay, we don't care what else you put on but don't put that kind in other words like Michael said in godfather 3
So ever give that kind of order again
Remember that scene I do and he looked at Connie and she just kept looking at me kept looking okay
You understand yes. Yes. Yes. I love her Tanya Sharer. She's really good
What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on WQ
I'm sure that most people who don't read the newspaper hearing us for the first time right now since they didn't hear it about Howard
Show this morning and I don't have any feelings about Stern
I'm having a problem other than the fact you see they can they can make all kinds of
Accusations or claims that they want the fact of the matter is they ended into a bogus deal here
Everybody involved this show was the 10 to 2 show okay?
You can't have two shows simultaneous overlapping and they went ahead and did it behind my back
Which is not why he's going off and spiderweb jica implies in the article there although I am pleased that at least the audience
Those when a healthy show starts now if they would have just carried right from the beginning of the show 6 to 10
Then that would have been fine as far as I'm concerned as far as the FCC matters are concerned is that any shock in South Florida
No, not if you know anything about the history of the last 15 20 years in South Florida radio and certain individuals out there who are
Self-appointed moral sensors to determine what you can hear and what people can say it said or and so on and I have no life
So they spent all of their lives writing letters to the FCC
Complaining about things that they didn't even hear
Anybody should have known that oh no, it was very intriguing. You remember that line. It was intriguing. Yeah, how intriguing is it now Greg?
289 votes I can't believe this can you I believe it's a hot about 25 minutes, huh?
It's an important issue. What's your take on Hank replacing stirroquium?
I'm thrilled Neil be back to fitted to 75 I'm pissed that I'll still listen to Neil 39
Thank you. Oh, I'm pissed. I'm through with QM 36 16.2% our pissed off and fired up and they're going bye-bye after your off-ride
I don't care. Don't listen before Neil anyway 33. I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank sports nerd fan 25
Hank blows and I will listen only five and I still listen to stirroquium the buzz three out of 220 votes a staggering total if he asked this old fag
asking if it's a staggering staggering till yes
Jim and Pemberpine says I wanted to pass along to you with a great job. You're doing well. You see the hair you go
He's always entertaining. I'm sorry to hear your station is fluxed up
Happy New Year to you too Jim and Pemberpine. Thank you so much.
Well survived as long as I have my halls mental lip this
Yeah, we'll have to do a pull at noon. No, this pull is good enough. I guess we'll keep this one on the whole day, right?
I think we should switch it noon, but I don't know what from two to two. No, no, all right tomorrow
Okay, I'm time to think about it. Okay, and I'm not joking when I say this and I'm not sucking up to him
All the we did have that two-minute bonding there right before the holiday because that was kind of funny
Maybe he was crushing maybe he knew something was coming so this thing
Yeah, but I think two to four for him would be fine. See at least I don't know how to say this delicately
But at least he's a real broadcaster. Okay, you know, I mean even though he may be a jackass and he may piss a lot of people off the character
He's a character. He now is not the original Howard David. He's the a chemo
He finally flipped his lid over to that pasty wig
Lost the weight lost a little bit of weight walks around dressed even faster than I do and I he's becoming try like a be a real guy
I say mode two to four. Okay, listen to me for once in your stinking lives
Listen to me. Please the mole man, right? Right even George agrees. What about Josh? Yeah, sure
You better watch it if he turns on you man
He'll sit on your ass like you he'll squash you like a net
Can you do the huh? Said okay two to four then yeah
Well, what are the what will you your suggestion be mr. Hot shot mr. Programming expert? What do you got?
I got a please don't please don't tell me the big oh
No, there's a ganky. Oh
Not Joe's a ganky
Boop are you tell me Joe's a ganky? No, no, I don't have that far. I didn't say that yeah, they van boring
No, the the book master. I would go for that the book master can't do it
He's gonna be doing baseball starting in April. Well, there you go. What are your other choices? Depot
It's time to talk about acceptance capital mortgage and everyone's main man Anthony Kelliendo
Whether you're buying a new house or refinancing looking to get cash out or just paying down your debt acceptance capital mortgage
We'll show you the way to get it done acceptance capital specializes in just about any situation
They'll get it done. What others can't do it 100% financing option arms new construction loans investment commercial properties
Check out acceptance capital stress-free mortgage payment program picked from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month
With the pick-a-pay program no income verification is even necessary and your credit score doesn't determine
You're approval either like all of the programs because of acceptance capital mortgage
They realized that sometimes bad things happen to good people look at us in most cases you can pull out cash pay off all your debts
And still pay less free mortgage payment every month so call Anthony Kelliendo and acceptance capital
They can find out why he's everybody's main man. That's acceptance capital mortgage column toll-free today
One triplet 483 loan. That's one triplet 483 L.O.A.N
This is the Neal Roger show
Any questions
We all know blons are more fun and the blunder you are the better time you'll have
Let's write this station is going to make you as long as you can get
Because this station is going to make you an albino albino
Pink, I'd and pretty that's right. We'll leech all the pigment out of your skin with corrosive chemicals
And we'll bleach your hair and expose you to ultraviolet light
Also your eyes are pink and blister all in the name of summer
The 10th color which we hear this out and you'll be an albino albino
Station employees and their families are not eligible to become albino's Johnny and Edgar Witter and other real albinos
Are also in albino because this procedure will render them transparent
Blons have more fun, but albino's have the most fun of all people listening for your chance to win
It's 1103 at 560 WQ. I'm happy new year to you
We got mad dog at two. We got the hopper at the orange bowl at four
And then we got the orange bowl pregame show at seven o'clock tonight more
We're gonna milk this baby all we can from four to midnight and then eight to midnight
It's Oklahoma and USC OJ is gonna be at the game anybody out there at T.P. Park might want to take a peek at OJ
Maybe chase him around a little bit see how fast he can move and then you got the orange bowl postgame show
Like I said from four day afternoon to one in the morning eight nine hours. Isn't that great?
Oh, yeah, we got the pregame our post game the in-between game
We got OJ gets chased up and down the field show. Well, I would love to see I'd love to see somebody just you know
Either like fit in his face or pee on his shoulder do something. Oh, he's probably gonna be up there in one of them boxes
You know where he's protected when you think or he'll be safe where he'll be safe exactly just like Michael
Anyway, if you just tuned in because you're one of those people that thinks the show starts at 11 o'clock this morning
Guess what starting Monday we go back to 10 o'clock. That's number one. Number two. You must the most important news of your life
Too bad
Well, I'm not gonna start all over again
You kidding me. I got to if I didn't have the recipe throat. I might be tempted to do that
You think I'd read the jica column again
You don't have to read the whole column just hit the highlights
Well, it's not that long anyway hit the highlights. Yeah, I'm not gonna read the part about
appeasing the erudges. I don't like that. I'm piezed off about that time. I'm a little bit appeased off
It just makes it sounds so
You know like I have something like I'm pulling the strings. I had a hard enough time
We negotiating my own deal without worrying about how it's turning the hangover, okay?
I had enough time dealing with these grave robbers finally getting that done if you could even begin one of the things that they wanted to put in there
I'll mind the 85,000 different clauses for firing my ass one of the things that they wanted to stick in there was
Contributing to a harmonious environment in the station. I mean you got to carry it soon
They could they could fire us and spend me for insubordination
Seriously that it was a laundry list as long as your arm of
Idiotic things and of course the answer to all of them was no way are you people crazy? Well, we already know the answer to that
Anyway, what's this fax way? It says
Spick insides will be perfect morning lead in well, what does that mean? No, no, no, they keep asking it
So I stopped looking at the vaccine and okay the vast kids family out there and happy year whatever you're celebrating
Vesca's family happy banana boat. No seriously. I mean, what is that keep hanging? You have to know
It's already a done deal Hank is already although it sounds kind of strange to me where Tom jikus is well
Hank expects to be getting a hefty raise if he hasn't already done the deal don't don't do it man. Don't do it
That isn't just a suggestion that is an urgent plea do not do anything until you have it engraved in stone
And I've gotten talking by any flunkies who shake your hand with a phony handshake and that like the Mason's have that phony handshake
The yeah the secret
Right the secret is handshake. Don't be buying that get it in stone get engraved by what are the big shots from the
Beasley Corporation don't take anybody else's word over there. Believe me
Anyway, Tom jikker writes well, let's see we got Kylie back. She's on a beat of current today
She's looking just fine and did not really go through the thing about who she is and she was on stern
And she was here and she's in a few marginal. He's a pretty good that she's got huge humongous movies
Okay, and if you're already 1855 and you got 17 notes from your daddy and granddaddy and grandma and everybody else and all your neighbors to then maybe take your quick peak
She's in order hands of the table anyway
Tom jikker writes Goldberg takes over stern slot
WDQM is wrapping the hammer on Howard Stern as of Monday Stern show will disappear from the sports station replaced by a new program hosted by
Hank Goldberg who moves from afternoon drive unlike most morning drive programs
Goldberg will sign on at 7 a.m
Goldberg a notorious night owl and club hopper said there's no way he could be up early enough to be on here at the normal
Sissy am stirring come Goldberg who said he expects a hefty race. Don't expect it Hank get it
Don't expect it get it in writing have it notarized four times every word
It says to become a slave of the arm clock added there is enough might to get me to do a 6 a.m. program
Which means you got to get up 4 30 in the morning. I don't see that much difference to you load it really
He's still gonna have to get up like a 5 30 in the morning to a 7 right
Goldberg's mobile necessity changes throughout the schedule
Jim Manning said although I will say this I just gone on me because I did that morning since either the one year
And a one good thing is you get to go to the track every afternoon if you want there you go
And nice it's up did I mention yesterday congratulations to my close friend Phil Saltsman on an outstanding career in 20 years
Color Racism's a color I did by want to say it again love your fill good man
And it says go Hank's the move will necessitate changes throughout the schedule
Jim Manning's logical choice to take over for Hank 4 to 7 and yada yada and again keep in mind that this is gonna be the new schedule
And you know we never did get to Friday schedule from Clarence did we know it's probably out there a wall
I got to go find Clarence. We don't have the Friday schedule you loser use Simpleton and quit the move in your crack around
Okay, it says WQM will also likely run the sporting news network overnight
So it was leading to gober that is absolutely incorrect
I've told them and begged them and pleaded them nobody's gonna be listening to the sporting news radio
That is the lamest piece of turd that's ever been dropped
Then Tom writes WQM general manager Greg Reed declined to comment on the potential changes
Conversations are taking place. He said but nothing has been finalized. Oh God. I wonder if he was shaking somebody's hand Tom's hand
We told him that I wonder if he was squeezing it
So we're taking a poll on this I think this poll is a strong enough especially the response we're getting
We might have like 3000 votes on this by tomorrow and at least having a poll up there makes it's a lot
Now what are we gonna do about those billboards? Yeah, there were there were some hand rings and such
What do you mean by that? Well, they got to be replaced they got to come no no you see I don't know if you're aware of this
I'm sure you are but there are those billboards where they have like certain light rules strips where they say something
Where you can you can super you can like right you smear something over alter them right in other words
It could say like where it says Neil Rogers
Right after Howard Stern or whatever it says very tiny print it could say 10 to 2 it could if they can be altered
The the nature of those doesn't look like it it lends to that like a lot of overlapping of words
Leave me by that like Howard Stern and everything like all the words are overlapping on each other
So it might take some doing to do that. Yeah
Well, and then they're gonna have to do it because the billboard I'll say I did see all the
Variety those billboards when I was in town good placement on it looked okay
We sent them on right behind the tree that you can't see they have to be like an helicopter to see it
Maybe we could borrow Jeff Cohen's or the helicopter he uses how's ponytail doing by the way he's fine
How do you know that called me over the holidays? He called you what he called you on the air?
No, no at home on my cell phone for what to say happy holidays blah blah blah. Yeah
Let's see here's what facts. It says from from Greg read I know Greg couldn't spell his own name by the way
With three G's it says you can have Rick and suds due to the four in the following format computers to have an hour Rick
Start stock talk half hour Rick start start track talk half our stuff
And it closing late in killer rest of the time make taking calls and giving numbers
That's bad
I think somebody's trying to tell us they don't like Rick and scud we like suds
We don't like Rick at all. There's no George lies about it. We don't like Rick much at all
We don't have too much use for him anymore since he became a stock market guru
So anyway, here's the poll that we're taking right now that whole movie thing
We're gonna have to shove that back toward the ass end of the week. Okay. We got plenty of time for that. Yes, it is right
I'll go. I like it. I think it's pretty good away, right?
But it's it'll be there. What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern next Monday on WQM
See what I started to say before before you interrupted me about the billboards
was
No, seriously at least have keeping this up all day at least it bring because the two to four things another issue
Right, so it publicizes the fact that the audience will know that there's a very significant change
Gonna take place and it won't be like oh gee
How come we didn't know about well there it is right there anybody looks at our website will say oh look at this
Something's gonna happen. I'm thrilled. Neil will be back to 10 to 104 34 and a half percent were thrilled
Big kids for that crowd I'm pissed but it's still a sneak up 48
Two kisses for that crowd even though they're pissed off. They're gonna still stick with us
I don't care. Don't listen before you anyway 46. I'm pissed. I'm true with WQM 46
15.2% and all we can say to those people is
Right, right, right, right thanks for the memories and have a great life
I'm thrilled. I'm a Hank sportsman at fan 38 Hank blows and I will listen only 10
I'll still listen to staring on the buzz nine
301 votes. I would say it's been like very far from about 30 seven minutes
I'm where we have 200 one votes are you shocked and amazed and used thrilled
And I bet you we got a whole bunch of people calling to but we got business today
oh
are
Are
She won't be starting to look at the carnage, what if they do wrong?
Spreading our freedom, rape of the freedom, until they're all gone.
A rat can decide what we're doing, and I ride when all the while.
It's what society's got to try.
Murdering not is our friends, societies, we have them to tank.
Mother day, all through death, you're the forewing, this is anything.
That's genocide, what we're doing, and I ride when all the while.
The Bush, the old, the rat, the rat.
Christians, women, talk about sin as we lose fortunes every day.
Founding dead, but you hear it said that everything's okay.
Okay.
And I ride when all the while.
I know what season 5 and everything's fine.
It was on TV tonight.
We're permission of television to win all the things out.
We're capitol, hymn, and terror, risen to go, and then hand.
In this ensign and justify combat, left hand on every block.
Let's spread the spoils and send the foyer to China, the poor one, my.
That's genocide, what we're doing, and I ride when all the while.
The Bush, the old, the rat, the rat.
Yes, being a peanut, what's that fat ass governor of ours doing over there with the colon palm?
They're in Indonesia now and that great, your fat ass governor is over there in Indonesia.
Grandstanding, putting on a big dog and pony show.
So I guess we're also going to have to see I'm in my mind thinking if I were to, if you'd ask me right now,
I'm thinking that DFO is going to be their choice because they already made another red dishonest deal with DFO.
Instead, they were going to put him on in the morning before they put sternon.
Remember that?
Yes.
And then all of a sudden DFO wasn't going to return phone calls.
See, that's generally when you do business with QAAM, they offer you a job or they pretend they're going to give you a job.
And then they just don't return your phone calls, which is probably a good idea that you ought to be doing something else.
In other words, don't hold your breath.
So that's what I'm thinking about probably.
If I had my brothers though, I still think that DFO would be far beyond.
You know, in Iowa, that corn grows very tall and I guess it's delicious.
I do like, I had some barbecue corn when I was down in the house.
Well, good.
Barbecue, you know, great.
Good.
Oh, yeah, I'm a grill.
That's where you have a very nice gas grill.
See, yes, I do.
Too bad about that guy came out, come in and suicide.
Remember that?
Which one?
Oh, that one.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
From the grill company, you know what I'm saying?
I remember that?
I thought it was a robbery, but I could be wrong.
No.
Come in and suicide, I believe.
I could be wrong about that.
Anyways, no matter if fact, the, what's the end of the grill place in a fountain shop?
That's right next door to Omaha Stakes and right also next door to two days.
And right, Kitty Corn around the corner from the puppy place.
You're like psychic.
Barbecue's the Lord.
That's it.
I'm psychic about what?
But two days, Berkeley just came in five seconds ago and gave me a little note in a coupon for two days.
Yeah, we all have them on as a sponsor Berkeley because I love that place.
That is outstanding.
I'm taking your coupon.
Thank you.
Have a good time.
I'm telling you, it's right up there.
You know where it is.
I do know.
You drive into the fountains there and there's a, you'll be staring red the main entrance there.
You'll be looking right at Omaha Stakes and then just to the left of that as you're facing it.
Just to the left is two days.
Big ass place.
Fantastic.
In fact, I got there a menu right here.
I don't want to get you like salivating.
Too late.
They have grape potato pancakes.
They have chocolate declares.
They got rogolof.
They got grape desserts.
Which I didn't have any of those.
I don't know why.
What a great menu they got.
But the desserts.
Wow.
I mean, the breakfast.
The omelette I had was so good.
I can't even describe it.
One of the best things I ever put in my mouth in my life.
Okay, so anyway, depot and mole and yada yada yada.
There's stuff I'll go on all week long, which is good.
Kill some time as we kind of like move our way back into the new year, right?
We need that.
Sure.
We need to have something to sink our teeth into.
Maybe, and guess what?
I just looked out the window here in the sun and shining.
Oh my god.
I didn't realize there was still a blue sky in the world.
It's blue skies and sun and shining.
But it's pretty toasty here, too, eh?
If Captain Overs listen to you loser.
Loser.
It is a, you know what temperature is?
About third, man.
It's 032.
And now nice.
That's a nice temperature.
32.
Could be.
All the snow is washed away.
There ain't a flake on the ground.
There's a few flakes walking around.
Spare some change, mister.
A.
No.
That's the one thing that's about the only thing here.
I can say that's negative.
We said the really nasty days in the winter time.
Other than that, it's a paradise.
But the homeless man.
I'm talking about the crazy ones, the ones that follow you around on the street.
Spare some change.
And if you say no, like then they start spewing, you know what I mean?
And then you feel very much redeemed that you didn't give them any money because there are
a bunch of morons anyway, a bunch of spasels.
5670560, pound 560 on a Verizon and Singular Wireless Lens.
We're getting a spectacular response on this, a shocking development in the history of
radio today.
Right on the heels of my sign in my tear extension.
And let me just say this, you people at FMQB, the guy your head so far of Stearns asked that
it's coming out of his earlobes.
You missed this story.
It's in the Suncentralist Morning Losers, Radio Enk, Radio and Records, all the websites of the industry.
Somehow they missed this.
Even though it's on the front page of the Suncentralin for Lauderdale, a supposedly major market newspaper.
Man, are you people behind the old times?
Somebody QAM, hello?
You're in the Suncentralist.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You know there's a QAM stand for Clagmire?
No stands for queer.
Hi, man.
Fine, you know we're not a Clagmire.
Clagmire means you're like stuck in Crixan.
We're like, we're constantly like a tsunami.
Right?
Yeah, well this place is just like the, in the panther of a tsunami.
Like everything is always up in the air and flying around and nothing ever comes down, touches the ground.
That's what I'm thinking.
But the QA stand for Queens.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60, I'm a Verizon singular wireless line.
I don't know, maybe you're right.
I don't want to do it.
I want to, I want to look at tomorrow.
All right.
Well, I mean there are, are there that many choices from 2 to 4?
No, there aren't that many, but, but it's important that we're going to have.
I mean, Josh Cordist there, he didn't seem to be too excited about my idea.
You know, I think it was kind of disappointing.
Absolutely.
That he wasn't like right on the old, old, old van wagon, old bandy.
Should I be?
Well, if you've got a better idea, I'm, I'm willing to listen.
No, I don't.
What about D-fo?
You like D-fo one year?
No.
Corn.
Corn, man.
Can't corn.
All those corny cliches and, you know, 500 large and living large.
You know, D-fo to me, Steve Nichol destroyed him.
He used to be a pretty good guy.
And then he even turned into a jackass.
Not only not only that good on the year, but just not a good guy.
He's a batch-dabber.
I absolutely want to puke.
Yeah, that's right.
Just the idea of him being on after us and being part of 10 to 3.
He was mo.
We've already, we already know what we're dealing with there.
Right?
Yeah.
But at least, no, but at least we can have some fun with him.
No, no, no.
He was no fun.
Oh, he can't be.
That's what I heard.
Well, yeah.
That's not what Debbie told me.
You were at his close.
In one of her rear loosened moments.
5, 6, 7.
I said loosen, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 10, 5, 6, 8, 10, 6, 10,
the residents think it'll arrive a slime.
Have a de QA, and hello.
Hello.
The OAM.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, man?
Great.
Hey, never a better, man.
Glad to have you back.
Glad to be back.
Happy New Year and all that.
Listen, George did a good job, silly.
George, it a fine job.
Hey, I want to just give you my two cents worth if you have a moment.
Take your time, man.
Take all the time you want.
Take the free off.
First off, is Greg Reed.
How does that guy keep his job?
That's what I want to know.
Naked pictures.
It's gotta be.
I'm convinced after this latest abaccal that I had with him.
I don't even dare.
I'm going to have to break into the audience slowly because if I told you this story,
you'd have to think I was making up.
You couldn't believe that anybody could be that devious, is it?
I think I could.
At this point.
But, you know, the guy had the perfect setup when he had Joe Rose in the morning.
You were all, oh.
Right.
You were kicking ass.
You were kicking ass.
It was perfect.
I mean, for me, I'm a 45-year-old male.
I like sports.
I like talk radio.
It couldn't have been perfect.
Howard, I mean Howard, what's his name, Stern?
How long can you listen to about lesbian, hookers, stripper, inset-stual people?
You can only listen to that so long.
But the bottom line is, is now, you know, me personally, I'll listen to Joe until you come on.
Right.
Then I'll listen to you.
I don't forget Monday.
I mean, 10 o'clock.
Yeah, no.
I know.
You're back to 10 now.
Yeah.
So I'll listen from Joe from 8 to 10, you from, you know, and then you and then the mad dog.
And I got to tell you, I would rather hear D-fo, I think, because I don't think Goldberg and, not Goldberg, Goldstein and Mohauer, David, they, you know, they shouldn't even be allowed to talk into a microphone in my life.
Well, I got news for it.
They're not working together.
I guarantee you that.
No, no, I mean separately ever.
I mean, under no, I'd rather listen.
You're going to love this.
I'd rather hear the big O than either of them.
I'm listening.
And I don't like big O that much.
Yeah, right.
You know, it's just that, that's the way it is, man.
Okay.
And hopefully they'll work it out so it's, you know, worth listening to, but you got me, man.
Your comments are duty noted.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I have a big everybody.
See you.
See, they feel strongly about this kind of stuff.
Okay, this is their life.
This is their meat and potatoes.
They turn out at radio.
Okay, radio, radio.
And like the way a man cow said to run it away from it is not the answer.
And I'm not saying that if they wouldn't give me big bucks, I wouldn't have either hopped on that serious bandwagon right away.
But there are too much, but it'd be, but I would, you know, that would that.
But running away from traditional radio saying, well, that sucks.
And it's, yeah, right.
Because we can't play fart sounds.
I mean, how embarrassing would that be if I were that childish in my advanced age to say, oh, we can't play fart sounds anymore.
I'm going to go to satellite radio.
I can get my fart sounds back after you heard a fart sounds.
In fact, the only fart sounds that are entertaining are your own.
And especially if you're alone.
When you're alone in blasting some real rippers, man, that's, that's fun.
Right?
Right.
Cut one in eight.
How are the other day?
It was great.
No, man.
Oh, I still say that's one of life's great pleasures.
If he haven't indulged in that, cutting the cheese in the shower in a hot steamy shower and just, just inhaling and enjoying and basking in it.
What could be better?
Well, I will say this when I go out there to woodbind these people fart when you're standing with, you know, you're sitting playing a machine and somebody's standing over your shoulder.
That's a different story.
You're tempted to turn your shoulder and say, cut the crap or you end up, of course, you wonder if maybe they just did.
28 past 11 at 5.60.
See there we go again with that kind of stuff.
Sorry, Joyce.
It was a real picnic, by the way, doing business with this, we are.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
And I want, I just want not whining.
I'm not complaining.
I've got myself a good deal, but I will say this.
I had no vacation.
If anybody thinks that I had, oh, that was a pretty long vacation.
You're right.
I told Karen, this morning, how long that negotiation went on.
After we found out we had been lied to and led down the garden path by Mr. Rubber Glove there, by the Proctologist at QAM.
And he couldn't believe it.
You couldn't believe it.
I couldn't.
But even with these snakes, even with these grave robbers, who could believe that kind of garbage going on?
It should have been like fallen off a cliff, man.
You've been automatic.
You want two more years.
You just want a few of those days back in the summertime.
And the little sign in bonus, which believed me, wasn't that big of a deal, won't change my life.
Here you go.
It's all over.
We're static.
No.
We want you to do this.
And we don't want to have a harmonious atmosphere.
We want to fire you for insubordination.
If you look at Greg Crosside, if you say, up your, right.
Also, they want to put a bunch of suspension stuff in there, too, you know.
Not pissing off people like Jeffrey Loria and Wayne and Alan Cohen and those sports nerd people.
Now, let me ask you this.
Here's another poll we could take later in a week.
Who will fill in for a hank in the morning when he does his next suspension?
29 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Did you earn less than 50,000 bucks last year?
If your answer is yes, then it definitely is time for a career change, Josh.
Pick up the phone and call fast train at 1-866 fast train because fast train can have you train already for that new high paying career as little as four months.
That is correct.
Fast train offers high demand, high pay career training.
If you like computers, ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call fast train today toll free 1-866 fast train.
The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all time high and fast train can have you train already for that new career.
And as little as four short months, what's not to like?
Fast trains got locations that are convenient to eat too.
They're in Kindle, Miami, Pember Pines and Fort Lauderdale.
Fast train offers job placement financially for people to qualify.
They evening weekend classes is forming right now so call fast train and change your life in a mighty positive way for the new year.
Call toll free 1-866 fast train.
For listening to new Roger, I'm Hans Kuhlinson, 10-560-60.
F-U-A-M.
I'm Trump's Arguest and you know what? I am just a fantastic guy.
Really terrific Terrahort Indiana. Hello.
Hi Larry.
Hi.
Mr. Trump, would you visit a widow on Christmas Eve?
If you meant you could make an extra buck or two?
I would do that in a heart field.
There's no question about it.
I would love to do that.
The Hamburg.
Siddga Alaska. Hello.
Donald, would you have me in a fair with Thoklinton?
Yes I was. Actually, what's going on?
What's going on?
Thought out Larry.
In fact, are you to put up with that Trump?
No. Larry, you are fired.
Okay.
So are you glad you had sex with Clinton or do you regret it?
Somebody asked me the other day, would you have done bill again in the inches?
Absolutely yes. He's better than I anticipated.
There's your exclusive Larry. Trump's stump.
Not just for women.
So Gaze can use it too. Gaze can absolutely use it.
I'm sure they'll love it.
Clarkson, Michigan. Hello.
Donald, I don't want to know what's up with that hairdo.
I heard that it's just one really long strand of hair wrapped around your head several thousand times.
Is that true?
Good question.
Well, that's true Larry.
Will you please inform the public?
You bet I will. Thank you.
But Larry, Rachel and Thessalonis, you would have been.
Okay. Come here.
It is.
It's a hard game for four.
26th of June, and nobody even told us about the really big story while the other one is probably the biggest.
But Armando Saguaro, I'll tell you very jackass man, you falling hard times.
Even mommy and could have packed it on more below the ENC sandwiches.
If you don't put you up, you are missing the big stuff. Armando Saguaro.
Saguaro, whatever his name is.
Well, you're people.
Yes.
You know, this morning dolphins moving to 790 ESPN question mark.
How do you like that? Did you see this story?
From the weekend, I think it is.
No, from Saturday.
Well, people were talking about it over the weekend stuff.
What people do you know we're talking about this?
Miguel.
I think it's kind of obvious.
Kind of obvious what?
Well, they took the QAM banner on the scoreboard down and now there's a 790 ESPN radio on it.
Oh no.
Oh my god.
The dolphins are brokering a deal that would move the team's radio broadcast from their current radio station 560 WQM to 790 ESPN radio next season.
And Armando Saguaro continues.
He says that all the things I discussed were going to end the end of the year for the Asian with their current flagship station 560 WQM.
The club in 790 ESPN still had details that must be worked out and lawyers must still proof and approve the contract before it can be signed.
Dolphins owner Wayne Heisingham must also agree with the switch and one objectionable detail can cause him to scrap the deal.
But a major portion of the negotiations have already been completed agreed to in principle, according to sources close to the talks.
Part of the deal would guarantee that all the teams with broadcast would air on 790 ESPN.
Currently that all the teams are one of four teams.
The Marlins, the Panthers, winner their games on.
You know what they are.
And the hurricanes and the others whose games are broadcast in WQM.
Another part of the deal still being worked out would make the dolphins an active partner with the new station.
A partner.
Some of the details that have not been agreed upon include the status of play by play man Howard David and color analyst Jim Mandage because both have contracts with WQM in the dolphins.
David's contract with the station expires before the start next season but manages the old runs beyond that.
And he also has a daily talk show on WQM.
That creates a conflict and new broadcast on one station and a show on another.
But that detail was termed negotiable by sources.
But what does that mean?
We have any idea what that means?
No.
It says boring elastement at snag.
A deal could be signed within the next month the source said.
Another source said the talks between the dolphins in the 790 ESPN are so far along it's unlikely WQM would make a last minute pitch to retain the team.
The dolphins declined comment Friday on the possibility they could be switching stations.
We're not going to comment when negotiations stand and a state we're close to signing with one particular outlet or another is premature the clubs and the statement.
WQM's general manager Greg Reed did not return a message left on his office voicemail of course.
And ESPN majority owner Joel Feinberg was out of town unavailable. He was spin in his dreidel.
Negotiations between the dolphins and 790 ESPN have been ongoing for several weeks even as there's been little communication between the club and QMR presenters.
One source said that dolphins initially had set the price of their broadcast rights at 4.5 million.
The price was deemed too high by WQM if a deal is finalized with 790 ESPN will not reach the 4.5 million figure of source said.
If WQM loses the dolphins the ESPN could mark a shift in power among South Florida sports talk stations from the longstanding station to a fledgling station has been on the air for less than six months.
That's what might also affect WQM's ability to sell advertising for the 4-hour pre-game show that precedes dolphin games into our post-game show.
Yadi Yadi Yadi in a partridge in a pair of three.
It's kind of interesting but like to turn it around ESPN television cares their own pre-game NFL show on Sundays.
Do they not?
Yeah. Do they carry any of those games in the daytime?
Nope.
No, they do not.
And yet they still have their own pre-game show and all sorts of other fault or all that they manage to sell even though they're not carrying the game itself.
Plus the fact that all the NFL games are on serious makes it that much less appetizing.
Plus after a four and twelve season good luck to them selling spots.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Good luck to them making that 4.5 million back.
But when you got the deep pockets like Joel Feinberg and those other you lost that own that station.
They got some big bucks.
This is the first time that QM's been on.
I mean the people with the fan 590 that was a joke.
And then of course that other thing that what what's that other station 14 17 in 1990 whatever it is on the dot.
That's another farce.
And then of course it was 940 that how many weeks did that last how many days.
About 30 man.
That's it about 30 hours that thing WRFX and as people did it once again.
Then all of a sudden we woke up one day it was WINZ again.
Scare America.
Talk about man.
It's like a revolving door.
One day the call letters are this the next day.
It's a not knocking cheap channel man as much as they deserve it.
Because who the hell are we to be?
Casting as spursions at anybody else right?
Right.
I think my voice is coming back.
I think I ducked my way out of it.
Well now sometimes you have to like do the flood right?
You have to work through the among that's right.
You have to work through the among especially when you're working for this.
So we got Hank is going to be doing morning starting Monday we think.
We have no idea who's doing before hang for a couple hours.
We have absolutely no idea who's doing to the four but probably be default because he's a he's just always like hanging around hanging away.
You know.
By the way Norma if you get default one two to four I'm going to I'm going to put a stop payment on that check.
I don't want to you for two to four I want to do everything in my power not that I have any control whatsoever.
I don't want to monitor as part of our if it was like you know five to seven in the morning that would be good.
Right?
Sure.
They could go out and water the corn the rest of the day.
Too much corn man.
Too many corny crappy stuff.
Plus I don't think he's all that knowledgeable about sports.
I could be wrong about that.
Do you?
Talking to you Josh.
No you're pretty right about that.
Yeah I don't think he knows crap.
I mean boxing like I know it was boxing.
Well who I want to hear about boxing except the much older ear workers.
Okay.
They want to know about boxing plus some of your people you're there.
They're in that boxing crap makes them feel real macho.
They're a real man.
You know I think they're macho come on.
Oh.
What a bit of hell that's all about.
I just I don't care about that crap and most people most sports fans just don't care about that.
Sorry.
I mean if there's a paper view in Tyson's on there and if he's going to bite somebody's ear off and they're going to miss it.
They'll pay for that.
They want to see that.
But other than that who cares.
So I'm still saying my good buddy Mo and of course then this other story on top of it about the dolphin broadcasts in the SP and it's just.
It's like we're caught in the middle of a mailstrom you know seems to be going around the world all this.
We're rolling hysteria going on.
We're just caught in the middle of a radio mailstrom right now.
Just a little over an hour ago we put the poll on there.
Stirred by the way is ending early this week trying to lure the audience to come back at about 10, 15, 10, 20 every day.
They're starting this Monday we're back to 10 to 2.
And that seems to be what these people want.
Because our poll we've got 441 votes in just barely over an hour.
We'll do over a thousand a day during the show or else or my name is Joseph Ganky.
And if anybody thinks Joseph Ganky is going to do 2 to 4 I would rather have D-fo.
If I had to choose between Joseph Ganky and D-fo.
See at least D-fo is alive you know.
I mean personally I like Joe a lot better personally is a much nicer guy and not paranoid and insecure and backstabbing and stuff.
But as far as on the air I mean D-fo is 45,000 times the broadcast of the Joe will ever be because Joe doesn't have a personality.
I know he's a buddy with a Humper but you can't program a station based on whose buddies with this one and that one.
That's a bad mistake right?
A lot of way to program a radio station okay.
I mean Joe is fine to fill in once in a while I kind of date when everybody's asleep or like maybe on the last day when the world blows up or something like that.
But other than that the answer is a no Joe sorry.
Remember what they said in the Godfather maybe nobody wants another Joe.
I hear the deal here's what we got so far.
What you take on Hank replacing stir on QM which starts Monday 449 votes.
I'm thrilled Neil will be back to 10244.
I don't care to listen before Neil anyway.
80. I'm pissed but I'll still listen to Neil 63.
I'm pissed I'm through with QM 56 as in Q56 boy and that's interesting.
Yeah my only not tremendously but I'm thrilled I'm a Hank sports nerd fan 54.
I'll still listen to you on the buzz 28.
Hank blows and I won't listen only 24.
Got that you got all those numbers got it.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
For this video you might see the QAM.
So what's the thing God bless America and paste these in the G-string up here I'll do it.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
I'll see you on the buzz 28.
Sunday 12 and 30!
Thursday 12 and Kahlo!
ps in the back!
They'll get the jersey at last!
Sunday 12 and 50!
There goes that way!
Sunday 12 and handler!
So Marley, say anything!
Guar Quindi le yeln!
Totally veggie !
I'm not sure.
Probably it's still loaded 560.
You know, vocal recut a couple of these, including that one, and also Jesus Land, and I don't know why.
Oh, I understand it. Huh?
I opened up a big mouth, that's why.
What do you mean by that?
I said the vocals were little difficult to make notes.
No, they were not. I don't hear any difference.
I mean, they're slow. That's the new one.
I didn't even notice the difference, no.
No.
Anyway, it's 11 before noon at QM.
We got the mad dog at 2, who I'm sure I'll have...
He's gonna have lots of... on his plate today, man.
Now that the dolphins season is over, you think, well, gonna be a little bit slim.
We got the orange bull tonight, and the bull games are all coming to an end.
What in the world is there to talk about?
I said, maybe...
F**k!
That, right?
Marlon's are a lot more than I thought.
Panthers, they're undefeated.
But there's not much in sports, but now we got radio talk going on, man.
Oh, man, we have a lot of stuff.
Dolphins is a flying to coop, and I know I don't want to get involved.
Mad dogs got... but still...
See, first of all, I don't think that Wayne wants a mode of beyond the broadcasts anyway.
That's what we're hearing earlier.
Now, maybe he's changed his mind, I don't know.
But the story that I was hearing was that they hated him like poison.
Now, that may not be true.
Well, why should they be...
Why should they be different from anybody else, right?
Right.
And then we got to hop right at the orange bull, to start at the orange bull festivity.
So, be at gate G, and you can go and say, hey, gang, congratulations on a morning show.
One thing I will say, though, is when you get up early to do a morning show,
you eat more because you're up more hours during the daytime.
Not good.
I didn't thought of that.
Oh, oh.
On Zeta, we used to have lunch at 8.30 in the morning.
Do you remember those days?
You were listening back then?
I listened very briefly.
We had places they used to bring us cheeseburgers and pizza and all kinds of stuff.
8.30 in the morning in the middle of our show because when you get up at like 4.30 in the morning by 8.30, it's lunchtime.
Figure it out.
Well, you put Hank on the Howie's list.
I got news for you.
You're going to put him in the intensive care list if you start with that crab.
No, you're...
I'm going to count on a certain paper.
Robert Greeper, okay?
He ain't doing anything else these days.
Robert Greeper, and who else is going to be there in the morning?
Shy?
He will be.
Who will?
Shy.
He'll be shy.
Anyway, whoever's going to be there, you're in charge of monitoring the food consumption, okay?
Because I don't want to see us lose this man because he's going to be getting up at 5.30 and more into a 7 o'clock show
because he's going to be hopping up the food merit.
Oh, that's bad.
Not good.
Not good.
Anyway, speaking of OJ, which we were earlier, who will be in the stands at the Orange Bowl game tonight?
Oh, the Orange Bowl pregame, by the way, is at 7.
We got the game at 8 o'clock tonight.
At the midnight.
That's one game we still got.
How do you like that ESPN radio?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yes.
I don't know.
Before LSU, man, he was an assistant coach with a Browns.
He coached Michigan State, the Spartans baby, the green and white East Lansing and LSU,
which just got beat by the way I blew a game over there.
That's bad.
And then we got the Orange Bowl postgame show at midnight, whenever the game ends.
Now, OJ Simpson, it says in the Sunsendville, OJ, the lure of sing is on the monitor, plays
so close to home and the Orange Bowl was impossible to turn down.
The Associated Press, a guy named John Nadell wrote this, hey, John, you better get yourself
a map.
Wait until you get to the part where it tells you how far he lives away from the stadium.
I'll be in the stands cheering as loud as anybody for USC Simpson told the AP in the telephone
to me.
Who was the great running back before OJ Simpson at USC?
Before him, I have no idea.
Oh, man, he was so great.
He scored four or five touchdowns against Notre Dame.
What's always his name?
Somebody will know.
Somebody will call it in or fax it in.
I can't wait.
I always follow FC.
Always have always really said.
I always follow people in the Coles house, too, and I'm mind up slicing up their neck.
Simp, wait a minute.
Here it is.
Simpson said he hasn't seen the Trojans playing person for about 10 years.
Although he's watched most of the games on TV, but he lives only 30 miles.
Stop 30, man.
Or so, Southwester pro player stadium.
So he said to be there today, tonight when number one Southern Kale takes on number
two, Oklahoma for the national title, his attorney, Yale Galanter, monitored the telephone
call.
I wouldn't allow Simpson to say where he'll be sitting inside the stadium.
See what I was saying before?
Yeah.
We'll be looking for you, OJ.
We'll be looking to squeeze the juice.
To squash the juice, baby.
The staff can think about that.
Now, you know he lives in Kendall, right?
Right.
I don't know exactly where, but having lived in Kendall, I'm pretty familiar with the territory
living there for five years.
Now, if you tell me that Kendall, anywhere in Kendall is 30 miles Southwester pro player
stadium.
I got 75,000 acres in the everybody's.
They'll say to your real chief, OK?
30 miles.
Huh?
Yeah, that's a bit much.
How many miles would you say that is?
Maybe 15?
Maybe 15.
I was going to say 15.
I mean, Kendall is way, way, way south.
They, I mean way, way south.
They is like homestead.
It is a sprawl though.
What?
You really believe that Kendall is 30 miles from people and I could go.
I don't know.
Maybe parts of it.
I mean, there's a way to get out of here.
30 miles, my ass.
That's not that big.
I've seen it.
Yeah, it is.
Simpson played for Southern Calum 67, 68 winning the Heisman this evening.
And of course, that trophy.
Well, he then went on to become one of the best running backsman in the field.
History mostly with the Buffalo Beatles.
After that, he was an actor TV football commentator, pitchman perhertz, and murderer.
That more than anything else made Simpson perhaps the best known former USC students are
passing likes of actors, John Wayne.
See, I didn't agree with that.
You, they, they, they, see another mistake this guy.
You think that O.J. Simpson is better known than John Wayne?
Yep.
Tom Sullick and Ron Howard, I agree with those.
General Norman Schwartzkopf, an astronaut in the Armstrong.
Full of crap.
Norman Schwartzkopf, any alarm strung, and known around the world.
You think O.J. is known around the world.
I mean, maybe certain murderous circles maybe.
Yeah?
Maybe there's some rocks, nippers, and france as a famous murder.
And so what an article on the AP.
It goes to show a passage for news in this country and your, in your country.
Here's Big Arnie says, mixed emotions on this hand-coured thing.
I love Hank.
He's the best sports guy around.
It'll be great to be able to hear him anymore because sometimes the afternoon after
a tough day of work, I play a music CD in the car and settle listening to Hank.
So that'll be good.
Also, I'm a big fan of Howard, meaning Howard Stern.
Certainly not.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Okay, Howard.
I'm a simulat.
I don't think this move is fair.
Don't think this move is fair.
What does that mean, Big Arnie?
I won't get serious, but make it SM for baseball.
Overall, I mean, I'm probably too bad to have Hank anymore.
Don't think this move is fair.
Well, what does that mean, fair?
Fair, fair?
Fair to who?
I don't know.
To him, I guess.
To him.
The stirring thing was a disaster.
Okay, blew up in the face of this organization.
Don't you understand, Big Arnie?
It was a mistake.
If we were in Peoria, Illinois, if the station were like in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, if the station
were like in Ishtra, Ming, Michigan, if the station were in Kalamazoo, if it were in
Jackson, Michigan, if it were like in Ann Arbor, then it might be a different story.
What have been?
Life would be going on, right?
Right.
But the fact of the matter is WQM is in South Florida, and the powers that Vee should have
realized that the minute they put this show on here, it was going to be Soros.
Even these people don't know what the word means.
They knew there was Soros to come in.
You are listening to Neil Roger Fitz, who will simply come in five to six feet.
You are all right.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
All right.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
2000 For sure sucks, next year we'll have more luck.
I can see it now.
I bet that you're Matt Cal, might even fight a cure for that guy Michael Moore.
When you feel you're SUV, that gas will all be free.
You and Bush cut our taxes.
Deputies will still go down, and rather will not use taxes.
Osama will be found.
I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East.
All things will graduate and clear our eyes.
We'll be so straight, please let it be a great year.
I sure hate it this year.
Don't need wars or elections, and no more flu infections.
We will be cleaner and star junk will be leaner.
Let's all look up the bright side.
It's 2000, 2000, in 2005.
It's 12 to 1 at 5, 60 WDQM boy, my proud of myself or what?
You want to know why?
Why?
Guess what story just came across the wire services from Dubai that we had 23 hours ago on the show.
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, whom the U.S. occupation authorities declared to be target number one in Iraq,
has been arrested in the city of Bakuba.
The emerald newspaper al-Bain reported today referring to Kurdish sources.
Al-Zarqawi, leader of the terrorist group Al-Tawid, the wet-up of the hell it is,
was recently appointed the director of the al-Qaeda organization in Iraq.
The organization, but he's in custody now.
And he liked that.
The newspaper's correspondent Baghdad points out that a report on the seizure of the terrorist,
on whom the U.S. put about the $10 million was also reported by Iraqi Kurdistan radio,
which at one time been first announced the arrest of Saddam Hussein.
But we headed here yesterday, and I saved the article.
Like I said, I didn't save the article.
Here it is.
Where the hell was this from?
Actually, I found this on common dreams.org.
Yesterday at 1 o'clock.
Remember that?
Exclusive.
How do you like that?
We've got news for our new show.
Thanks to the vast resources of the QM News Department, which don't even exist.
Man am I proud of me.
When that good?
As far as Catherine Harrison had planned, that's an understory.
And I didn't say that to make a little disclaimer yesterday, because you get burned once.
You know, ready.
Speaking of getting burned once, now what are these people going to learn?
We live in a very chilling kind of age, Sean.
NBC hasn't received any calls yet about the F word that motley crew rocker Vince Neildrop
during the live New Year's Eve broadcast of the tonight show, with Jay Leno, Potty Mouth.
I say fry both their ass.
Happy F A New Year, Tommy.
Neal said to Bammay Tommy Lee shortly after midnight Friday.
The remark was carried to viewers on the East Coast, but was edited out before was broadcast in the West.
According to the entertainment trade paper Variety, which reported the incident in this website Monday night.
Leno normally tapes the shows for broadcast later in the evening, but there's a live version New Year's Eve.
He'd never had a problem with profanities before, although the word has slipped out from time to time, out of the programs, from time to time.
The network hasn't received any calls.
That's because everybody was too stoned off their ass to even pay any attention right by midnight, which it hopes up.
You two singer Bono used the F word last year's Golden Globe Awards, which was also broadcast live by NBC.
We've seen the peacock is blushing.
The network said it would put this year's broadcast on a 10-second delay.
The Golden Globe Awards.
The FCC and the ruling issue last March said the word should never be used on OVIDIA or radio or TV programs.
FCC official said at the time they received hundreds of complaints from Golden Globe viewers.
A bunch of effinitiates.
Networks have been more callous about the cautious about the material after Regina Jackson, the Audiani, and the other crap.
What's your crap?
They said the F word life is never going to be the same again.
Big deal.
Grow up America.
Grow up America.
Get a life.
Now, Rick Fax isn't says.
If the dolphins move to $7.90, Mandog will go to living a big gap from 4 to $7.
Greg Uputz and George Didispectacular jobs his Rick.
Like that.
Well, Mandog's got a contract.
He ain't the jump in anywhere.
In addition to which, I don't think it's...
It isn't...
It's not customer-y, but it isn't all that uncommon for announcers to work for one radio station.
And then work on the sports franchise on another station.
It does happen.
Right?
Right.
I mean, there's nothing to preclude him from doing the games.
And I'm sure all of that will be addressed between two and four this afternoon on the world famous Mandog show.
On it, you bet.
Take a look at that response and a poll.
If we don't get over 1,000 votes today, George will be on all the rest of the month.
What?
Well, look, you're getting all these kudos now, man.
You're getting a hell of a job while I was on vacation.
Well, I was getting tortured by Greg Read and the Beasley's.
It was a freaking nightmare.
What do you mean by that?
No, I don't want to go back into it.
540...
Yeah, what I'm talking about was more than a nightmare, man.
It was like a day-mere.
What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on QNW?
I have 541 votes.
I'm thrilled.
Neil will be back 10 to 3124%.
170 people said that.
I don't care.
I don't listen before Neil anyway.
96.
Another 18.1%.
I'm pissed, but I'll still listen to Neil 76.
I'm thrilled.
I'm a Hank sports nerd fan 69.
I'm pissed.
I'm thrilled with QN62.
Hank blows and I won't listen 34.
I'll still listen to Mr. and on the buzz 32.
See, you know, if they look close enough to their signal, they can still Howard.
And, you know, who else is going to be thrilled with this?
Yeah.
Starting next Monday.
I don't know.
Well, yeah, there you go.
Right?
I would assume.
He won't have to be getting up in the wee hours in the morning to come in there and be the
dumb-button furry all the time.
That's got to be a real pain in the old...
Keyster.
Wouldn't you think?
I would say that.
He said that was what his excuse was.
Will Fax isn't says.
Oh, that's it.
Anthony Davis, man.
It's a long time.
We were early 70s.
He was great.
And then he got injured as near as something he was never like a star on NFL.
Anthony Davis was going to be the greatest running back ever, even better than Jim Brown and
Gail Sears.
And who might have been out?
Walter Peyton.
Sandy Peyton.
Four touchdowns were scored by Anthony Davis in early 70s.
Those USC teams coached by John McCain, included Sam Cunningham, Sam DeVan Cunningham.
Pat Hayden.
Liz Swan, Jay K. McCay and Charles Young.
What was that, a great team?
Before OJ, the USC tailed back.
Was Mike Garrett.
I think the article meant that OJ was more associated with USC than John Wayne.
Now, that's not what it said.
He said it was the most famous.
After OJ to start running backs, the signature played student body, writer, student body,
lecturer, Anthony Davis.
Another great, you right, Ricky Bell.
Charles White and Marcus Allen.
Ricky Bell was the brother of Archie Bell of Archie Bell in the drills and died tragically
of a rare illness.
Remember we were tightened up with Archie Bell in the drills?
No.
Come on.
Volka Brian's got it.
He'll play for you.
Okay.
John McCain, leverage the USC football factory to with the job his first head coach at the
Bucks, his son is currently GM of Atlanta.
John McCain, he was like, oh, an 85 with a Bucks and like that.
Remember?
They did terrible.
They were not too good.
And guess what?
And now they're again, not too good.
That's why I call this.
They got Brian Greasey, quarterback with respect.
Hey, Brian.
How's it going, eh?
Let's get some calls in here.
Okay, we're rambling on too much about the dolphins going to ESPN.
See, there's one problem with all this premature evaluation.
If I dare offer my own observations, okay, do I dare do that?
Go for it.
No.
Not all do it any go girl.
And that is that other than Joe Rose, ESPN radio, 790 has nobody.
I mean, they've got some bodies.
They got Craig Minervini, who's highly overradiated, is much of a duo by nothing.
He makes D-Fo seem like Howard Crossell.
I mean, Craig Minervini is nothing.
Who they got over there?
Oh, and they got Dan La Bastard.
Like I said, afternoon drive Dan La Bastard.
Are you smitten me?
You got to be joking with that silly Guaya Barra he's wearing?
You're a clown, Danny Boyer, and idiot, even though you and your Cuban friends won the World Series 97.
Not last time though.
But so they have nothing they got to.
Joe is the anchor, but you can't make it.
Just having the dolphin games on it alone will bring more people over there.
They are going to lose their ass on it.
They lose a lot of money.
It'll make them feel like big shots.
Oh, we got the dolphin.
Yeah, big deal.
That in 40 cents a buy a half a cup of coffee at two days.
So what did she bring you?
Berkeley, she brought you the two days in a certificate?
Yeah, $10 coupon.
Wow.
What a sport, a $10 coupon.
Well, I mean, maybe that's all they gave her.
Knock yourself out, baby.
Have yourself a hell of a small meal.
Although it's very inexpensive.
I ate there with a friend we had a humongous breakfast.
And it was like 18 bucks the whole thing.
That's good.
But huh?
That's good.
For two people.
Seriously, the omelette they got it's called the special, the spectaculant.
It's like a four egg omelette and it's got everything out of the center.
I'm telling you, if you ever had a better omelette,
I'd love to know where it was.
Just spectacular.
Anyway, let's get about two, three hundred calls in here.
Because I'm sure this audience has worked up into a frenetic frenzy now, right?
We got so many issues on the table.
You know what?
Howard Stern goes by by in South Florida again, at least from the Broward line down.
And you got the dolphins going to ESPN perhaps.
And the mad dog and the molemyster, who knows what to do.
And five to seven in the morning and two to four in the afternoon.
What the hell is going on over here, right?
Right.
Who's the QA?
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Thank God I got through.
Thank God.
You got through, man.
I just wanted to talk about Howard Stern and how bad he is on the radio.
You expose him.
Yeah.
I don't know if the way to go with Hank.
I would go with the comedy duo out of Oakland Park.
Yeah.
The comedy duo out of Oakland Park.
Remember Jones and his boyfriend?
Oh, God.
Woo!
That's how he did it.
Hey, by the way, Reverend Jones.
You're gay.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
You see, it was, I had a feeling that even though we knew who it was, it was just going to be special.
That was special, wouldn't it?
Like the cord.
Now don't be picking on D-Full again.
Never did like him.
Come in the QA and hello.
I don't know where to start.
Oh, no.
It's Paul Harvey Jr., you're off the show.
I don't like him, maybe.
You wanted to clear up that nasty rumor we heard.
No, I just want to clear up his throat.
I don't want to talk to him.
No, he's off the show.
You convinced me after all these years.
He is just intratably mad.
No, I hate him.
No, I hate him.
Blame me.
Well, what do you mean by that?
Aren't we talking about him just this morning?
We were, but before the show
Not my fault that he is the way he is.
What does that mean?
I don't want him on the show.
He just, he's just annoying.
He just bugs me. I'd rather hear Reverend Jones at least he was rather a
museum. Comfy duo from Oakland Park. You got him in myth that was pretty good.
You're just a hard ass. You don't want to give many credit. Okay, even though we
hate him like poison and his boyfriend or both. No, I don't. They're crazy. He's
then I don't want any part of it anywhere. Oh, I'm not saying you have to go out
like on a date with him or anything like that or like, you know, be the pivot
man and they're whatever they're doing. Right. Just stay far away. That's what I'm
suggesting. Just stay far away. By the way, we're trying to find out where OJ is
going to be at the game tonight. 12 minutes after knowing it, 5'60 WDQA M
ring in the new year with a great new car or truck from the folks at Armstrong
for the homestead. You've been putting off buying anything but now don't wait
any longer because for a limited time you can get yourself 0% financing on
either following new O5s in stock ready for a major delivery escapes free stars
toruses F super duty Harley Davidson trucks and the all new Ford 500 want more
than how about the 1.9% financing that's waiting for an all new O5 expeditions
explorers F-150s and Rangers 2 certain restrictions apply lots of Armstrong
for the homestead right as I speak our jam pack and they're cutting prices like
crazy. They offer you more value to because when you buy your Ford for
Armstrong Ford you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program
that is correct tires and batteries for life plus for limited time a free
sun pass to David rich and a staff at Armstrong Ford homestead will guarantee
the best price and don't forget these folks are locally owned and operated
the treat you like family want to make you a customer for life you won't get a
better deal on a Ford A-Ware in town no bait and switch no phone deals no BS
just the lowest prices anywhere is an Armstrong Ford homestead and you'll find
them a 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 minutes out to the 836 check them on
a wicked way at Armstrong cars dot com grab a little and save thousands on that
new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead
by Bernie Kerrick
I'm in the stairs we hardly got to know you and if you ask me that's why
okay because you've had another
and it's days yet has a problem getting laid
for sure knows how to fix them you were banging you to friggin and a
wrong and would do and then you may be asleep on the floor
you don't deserve it there but this song I will sing if that's
off me can you hear me too many times with the
Ford a million
for the
is that
I am that
I'm sure the next one they choose for home
land security
will be another
if it's not
come 16 Rosio Donald for National those homeland security director what do you
think
all right here's a fact that says and this is a chronic man this is one of
all time chronic tell by the out printing
the police are threatening us with George would rather hear static
same sleep inducing effect
yeah
so that's your choice you need to hear George or
that
till two I'm going to find we could loop it
yeah let's
loop the loop it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon and sing it
right away that's not a big orgable game tonight any interest not on a
small watch it we want it'll be an hd first of all
you go there Josh I will be there
George Josh Curtis is going to the orange bull he's going to be searching for
OJ
and I got a great gift you can bring him to
what's that's it right there when it comes over there the big machete
yeah yeah probably have some fun with that I'll ask the decided there you go
haha
is that before after he sticks it in wq and hello
hey Neil
yes he is your old buddy Johnny bacon gone again
and hey we talked about that one
haha
you know what's up
yeah
what
so did you ever see frank life
what is this man talking about
I have no idea about that but
the lot about Johnny bacon
you know Johnny bacon are you making bacon Johnny
I'm always making bacon right
I think you're faking I think you're faking bacon Johnny you lost
Frank Zapp on my ass
although we could play about four seconds of that you know
probably make him have what do you think
hey there people on Bob and Brown
that's it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular
other slides mad dog or two with the real inside story the inside scoop
we're not going to make it to a thousand of votes on his poll today all of us in
these people like kind of laid out we got five ninety four
I'm thinking we got to get like seven hundred seven fifty by one o'clock
they have a shot like Jimmy would say
have a shot of a thousand during the show today they just laid back they were
like foaming at the mouth in the beginning that's where it always is you know
right you're you're opinion means something to us do you believe it no it
does it really but it sounds good to say that
it's like an incentive to get on there and like I mean how much effort does
it take to vote on the pool right this is extremely important stuff
for those people who analyze our programming efforts
lame as they may be w.a. and hello
yes sir bad phone man I'm sorry
uh... to no go ahead okay uh...
here's where my thoughts are
what are your thoughts okay is there any way that Greg read I know uh...
he's uh... cheaper now and whatever and all the things you said
but is there any way that this is the guy that sounds like Bob Lincoln's
uh...
but not Bob Lincoln
so just as much as he always is
now
uh...
and
killer actually
but yeah
sorry
and this call yeah
uh...
i
to the four
never let anyone get your rose back
no course now he's under contract with a stick it out of here go take a
couple
painkillers man
it's nice to hear us
yeah
he's on painkillers there any way to get your rose back of course now we never
should let him go into first place
see this is what keeps happening with a series of mistakes
of unbelievable unacceptable uh...
i'm going to go where to describe it
these are just mistakes
these are grievous errors
these are absolutely unacceptable
keep breaking and smashing and moving in the end can also around in the middle
of it where i kind of caught up in his mail instruments going on around us
and and they were settled back down
there was no problem whatsoever
back in the spring
was there a great spring book
we had more their mobile bandy and more real early when everybody was
sleeping
these best five days
we had your rosy to ten it was kicking ass serious
we were doing great and to it a huge spring book
mad dog was doing his usual big numbers the hopper was uh... humping it right
along to find
and everything was great we were running around going all we're fine
and we were
but all know that wasn't good enough let's see if we can improve on what we do
let's see if we can't keep screwing up again
they had a shot at great this don't you know
we were great we had it we not only had a shot we were like uh... dot the i
in it
pure unadulterated shmit
and all of a sudden well let's do this and let's do that with everybody around
and we got like all these people that were paying a runder contract or even
working
we invited we basically after yankin joe rose around for months and keep him on
the anniversary and screw him big time
uh... invited him go across the street the he's the only thing they've got
over there and if they get to the office that'll be the other thing but
but they're not going to make any money on that
he's the only thing that means anything on that station if they were to
gotten a hopper then
then they had something and they had they had a make a use of a real contender
huh then they would fear you or right that right then it would fear them but in
the meantime there they're nothing they got they got nothing no story
yet but we got to the office big deal that like i said that in about twenty
two cents
will buy a lot of wanes here from when he was a child
w.a.m. hello
approximately thirty men
that may be a hello
yes i do how you do it
okay pali
i just uh... with your new mind of going out of the suggestion
that it before George
thank you
okay be sure to back to the end of the movie missed the first one
that it you know
i need a
you know that sound like that's like ten but it wasn't
but it was not
yes sir
you know how
uh... let's have a question for you uh... i've been trying to hold down for
life
yeah i can't see the number and it's not on the internet i get some place in
new york
i've got any clue
i don't even know if they're still around anymore
all really
yeah i think they ran out of bobber canoes
yeah
you have to take the
thing
and
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
they
Sure, my son.
Sure, my son.
Yes, I do.
24 pass known to QAM.
Here's one of the vestories of the year so far.
I mean, the year is young, but not too bad.
Woman wants to cleanse coalens in her home.
Logan, Utah, woman is fighting the city council and providence to issue her
a permit to run a colon cleansing service out of her home.
Correct them.
Colon hydrotherapy is a licensed procedure in other states, but in Utah, it's
considered only a homeopathic method, a home-o-y-y-o-pathic method.
Collette Yates says she's invested two years and roughly 40 grand on her home
business, which focuses on moving waste from the large intestine by injecting water
into the colon where it loosens and softens waste.
The water is injected through the...
Correct them.
The Providence Planning Commission recently recommended Denial of Yates requests
for a permit to operate alternative in health and her home.
Planning commission said they wanted to avoid sitting a press into allowing
medically-oriented businesses and residential hoods.
Yates said commissioners are worried because they're not familiar with the procedure,
though she provided them with detailed videos and literature.
Oh, God, I've actually heard a lot of people can't wait to see those detailed videos.
You know what I'm saying?
I bet you I know who'd like to see it.
Doff, yeah.
What do you think?
I don't want to think about it.
Well, it's a little past year or lunchtime.
The International Association for Colon Hygrotherapy, which I quite frankly wasn't
familiar with them yet, describes that as a safe, effective method of removing waste
from large intestine.
Who was it that we used to work without saying who was?
It was our young friend, JC.
Oh, I don't know if we should play it.
I didn't say...
No, that wasn't me.
Well, that's the wrong JC.
That's Jeff Cohen.
Jesus Christ.
I wanted it.
That's the JC.
I only knew he would have wanted it back in the day.
Anyway, I feel it's a modality not unlike massage therapy or dermatology procedures that
already are going on in the series, Yates told commissioners.
It's world-renowned and people are doing it everywhere, but it's relatively new to cash
valley.
Yates became inspired two years ago to practice colon hybrotherapy after it relieved her
painful complications from fibromyalgia.
She traveled a Florida course for training.
Where else would you go for training and something like that besides Florida, all right?
Right.
The Athens of the Universe.
Invested thousands of dollars on the specialized equipment, renovated two bedrooms in which
to perform a procedure and obtain professional liability insurance.
Yates said she had accumulated several clients to word of mouth and...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, through word of mouth and from carapractors.
I've helped people of crowded doctors who said we can't do anything else for Yates said
they walk in so bent over and so sick they can't function.
I'm able to help them with that by sticking the tube deep inside their...
Correct them.
Commissioners question Yates and how she'd safely monitor the water pressure and clients
or how she would dispose of the waste a close plumbing system flushes into the sewer.
I haven't heard anything negative about it and I've been asking but I think it belongs
in a carapractor's office, state commissioner Christina Lamboram, who voted recommending
denying the permit.
I feel very strong about that.
There's nothing like a good strong colonic clean out man, when it's out cleaning it out,
clean that baby in flavors.
Yeah, that KJC, who was very big into that.
Remember?
No.
Yeah, that's all I ever talked about was getting his colon blown out.
You are listening to Neil Roger.
I am a school of some kind.
I'm 560-60.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm QAM.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
I'm 3 ring-tone.
Bring me that number three.
Tone.
Ring-tone.
There are your habits that top 20 ringtones in America has tabulated by phone bill board
magazine to minigame next week and will once again count down America's top 20 ringtones.
I case in case I'm saying keep your volume turned on and keep reaching for board bars.
Wow all I can say is that people with those musical wild and fancy ringtones are really
great.
Yeah it is it's very.
Look at this FM QB is discovered a minor story in the South Florida market you keep
keep doing it you'll get it.
It says top rated top show is Neil Rogers decided to your contract extension with WQM
IME extending his deal until December 2008.
Well that's good it's done thank you but the big story is right there in a front page
of the Sun Central QAM to drop Howard Stern show starting this Monday January 10th Hank
Goldberg doing 7 to 10 am Rogers goes back to 10 to 2 that's the big story and they still
haven't discovered it neither has radio ink neither is radio records pretty weak man pretty
way and you know what the problem is what's the problem what a problem is that there are
some people have a really difficult time you know they go through all the holidays and
have a like ourselves department that's why the log is basically empty the day we don't
make it up late even to paint Josh's salary what does that say is that is that sad and
George with a kind of spots we got in the log right now he may have to like send that
TV back that he bought at HD for Joshua for Christmas I'd say they received did you good
always a good idea.
Tamarack Bob says on a facts putting to the two old Jews on in the morning may satisfy
the sports nerds but it doesn't like my fire who are the two I don't think in huh who's
the other one I don't know oh thank god I left far enough north to get Bob and Tom they
still are the am pick of the crop I agree I love Bob and Tom having said that you mean
back to 10 to his a positive step right right on Bob finally while it's through the
George was pretty good this past week the beast one day Philan was great he should get
quit it from doing a great show the beast being great I find it's so just such a stretch
that you work that show with him Josh yeah and it was great it went better than I thought
I was going to be what day was that I want to say it was Thursday Friday Friday Friday was
pretty right yeah because of the well we got a lot of calls I mean we we that I was surprised
I didn't think anyone would be listening or whatever but we actually had a lot of calls
for right and he did a great show well I don't know if it was a great show come on
here we got through it man it was it was okay it was it was it was it was our it's
except a lot of the circumstances yes it says it's too bad that people's real choice
Rick and Sudson up he heard but let me just say this about that okay every time we take
a pool because we worked with those guys a long time we like suds a lot Rick we could
live without he's all right but the fact of the matter is they were on I and Z with
that 50,000 watt signal in the middle of the day and they had no drawing power you see
if you're a real factor in a market you have a number right and I realize that cheap
channel is butchered that station up big time but when you're on in the morning it's not
like you're following somebody see what I'm saying right you're on 6 to 10 in the morning
getting like a point five or whatever they got over there there's something wrong there's
a problem over there see so it's really interesting that Rick and Sudson are the people's
choice and every time we take a pool our audience is begging to have Rick and Sudson so
on this radio station but the problem is that when they were on there nobody listened
to them that's the problem now maybe it was because Rick was doing all that stock market
crap that may be it it says PS there are radio shows that are locally produced but still
are syndicated also on XM or serious so what would prevent you from doing the same absolutely
nothing tamarack Bob now that Norma can't as finally survived this hysteria of Greg
reading the beastly is the past 10 days to week give him a little bit of a rest for while
maybe we work on that next there's nothing to prevent them from doing that absolutely
positively nothing right right we can we can have a way just fill in the commercial
breaks if they just don't carry the breaks that's all other than that everything is just
copicetic just open up the old pot and smoke it and have a good time right roll a big
fat one we can fill the breaks with that right pocketed my what Howard says he says he
believes in a drug free life that's what's turns out on that promo anyway here's the deal
we fall in under 30% on the first category I'm a little bit put off on that I don't know
if we're going to make our thousand votes we got 670 I don't think so to you we got
to get to 800 by 1 o'clock what's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on
QML we first put this pull up at about 10 30 this morning 10 35 the response on this
poll was just you would have thought we were asking how would you like to have a million
dollar small bills cash just both for unisonable handed to you know it was just about right
you think I'm thrilled Neil will be back to 10 to 299 I don't care it all isn't before
Neil anyway 127 I'm pissed but I'll still listen to you 100 I'm thrilled I'm a Hank's
sports nerd fan 89 I'm pissed I'm sure with QAM 68 10% pissed off and fired up and
on the way out Hank blows and I won't listen 46 and I'll still listen to sir down the buzz
39 without the bleeps in the Swiss cheese that's what you're saying WQAM hello
hey Neil yes sir I'm happy that the old fat baby got us right huh yeah the old fat
daddy right WQAM hello QAM hello QAM hello QAM yes I'd like to talk to Neil speaking
deal in light of the egos that are involved both with Wayne Heisinger and and 2AM Greg
Greed and all that isn't it unlikely that if the dolphins do move manages going to stay
and then what they've done I think I've got to I think he's got two years left on his
deal with us yeah well that's what but I'm saying so if they want to bring him somehow
they have to do something and get him out of it or whatever and then what happens is
they've now upset the afternoon by putting Hank in the morning and and and moving Joe later
on if it's got to be flipped around again then he go through six months or eight months
from now another whole circus is well that seems that seems to be our well it is it is
the the the way they do things there right that seems to be the the standard operating procedure
QAM now is this constant chaos because I would and I would think that Hank is so strong in
the afternoon that they'd want to find somebody real strong in the morning right which
which obviously Hank could be but put him to leave him where he is you see the interesting
part of it is they had somebody very strong in the morning his name is Joe Rose correct
and they and they diddle him around and they lied to him and they strong him along and
in the meantime they were working behind the scenes to pull this stern thing off and then
when they did they you know like I said they invited him to go across the street and
stick it to us and he's doing a good job with that already and I'm going to get to dolphins
over there I mean this is just it's like an act of self-imolation you know you've seen
those people that like set themselves on fire yes that's that's what this reminds me of
but it's like as you say it's okay it's like as the way that our outfit does business
I mean you just get to the point where you can't you just accept it that's the way it is
well one thing is going to be great is having you back attend because I've lost interest
in Stern over the last couple years and you know you keep flipping over and flipping over
and flipping over and then next thing you were listening to to Joe or somebody else on
some other station and then you know be new time and you be all right you're not sure
you didn't set the world on fire and at last trend it was really a big disappointment
that number had there I mean we are expecting these humongous numbers and did material
life well the thing that happened to is aside from the FCC getting involved and all this
stuff with it was impossible to listen on 2 a.m. because they would dump even more
than other stations right that's right and it just was horrible and I don't know what
anybody would have brain about any sane person put a show on that they have to keep that
they feel so uncomfortable with they have to bring in two people they have to have two
people sit there with dump buttons we went from a 7 second delay to about a 5 minute
delay or whatever it is and they're dumping and dumping it what is that and then they
had that crazy music they put on it was just it was impossible to listen to it yeah it
was in a boss and there's no question and then the you know and then the other thing for
the rest of the day and it has to be done and after your show it sounds as though there's
a Spanish musical bed being played all day long right and I mean it's that making it
possible to listen to but they don't start to like to my show you're saying after your
show it's because you guys I don't know what you've done with it occasionally here and
there you heard on yours I heard a little bit earlier today but in the afternoon if like
Hank has this Spanish musical bed going all afternoon maybe that's why he's moving
in the morning hey paly say yeah I told them I'll cut the crap okay tone it down a little
bit sweetheart we're gonna cut off your beard and give you a bath see if we can
show you real close 19 to 1 at 5 60 WQM where the chaos never stops I'll tell you
place it's down to earth brandy shoes and pomp and obese no BS over there man just great
deals on the best name shoes in a business they got people that give you personal service
which is why brandy's is lasted so long make sure you get a perfect fit every time and
of course unbeatable deals too with the lowest prices in town if brandy's you'll find
top quality names no off brands they have only the best rock ports floor shine S.A.S.
Sparrow naturalizer Timberland all the other names you know and love and I guarantee you
I'll bet you many bells life on it right now that whatever style suits you that you
find over there are brandy's they have your size in stock on a shelf ready to
life on your fat feet right now brandy's is open seven days a week Monday through
Saturday 9 to 9 and every Sunday even 10 to 5 you find brandy's at 12 90 North
Federal Highway in Pompoville Beach it's always well worth the trip take good care
of those tootsies man it's a great time to buy S.A.S. this week at Brandy's get you
some great savings on selected men's and women's styles be sure to come in at Brandy's
this week or visit him on that wicked web at Brandy Shoes dot com
you're a new Roger
It's the biggest pile of horse crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracking life
Yo son dragon after a tough day ramen over fat beast that you need to cheer in a JZ
boy with Kleinist the only chair designed by me multi platinum recording artist JZ check
is bad boy out y'all be sipping and tripping the JZ boy with line has got 24
cat gold cup holders in the armrest big enough to hold eight mags look
a style y'all and the seat is extra wide just in case you're sure to be on safe
stop by y'all saying what you do the big boy what up baby and here's the best
part the JZ boy with line are just a four position y'all business
max is relaxing and mad pimping at dig this the bad the JZ boy quick release for
best is perfect for putting our Kelly day hell off your stage yo what the
JZ boy with line is get paid and put one of your cryptid day this is an
outstanding fact you just come here yeah sure I'd like to your Rick and suds
and WQM suds from two to six PM and Rick from three AM to three three AM maybe
three to three 15 AM there you go if norm can can can can't do the job why
do you keep them around that self loving queen as you and your career time
and time again here I thought I was doing okay even though what yeah what he
we what he endured the last two weeks and I did too with these people you I
don't care they're just there no words to describe it you can't even begin to
imagine the atrocity of the situation and the grotesqueness and the lies and
the BS and the it's just it's you know they open they open up a new chain
of stories called insults is us because that's how they do the people just to
jerk them around and but whatever says I'm sorry you signed another four
years with that dumpers so much static on five sixty a.m. you sound like you do
and you show life of Niagara Falls that's an idea they got a nice casino
there you're gonna lose your ass I'd like to see Greg read duck flimsy and
Josh straight as an arrow go over together in a barrel well maybe you can
arrange that we can do a broadcast they think speaking of a straight as an
arrow what great timing and Indian helicopter dropping food and water over
the remote and them in a Nicobar islands has been attacked by tribesmen using
bows and arrows over I had you like that even leapy lee would like this story
there were fears that the endangered travel groups had been wiped out when
massive wave struck the islands but the authorities say the attack is a
sign they've survived at least there's some good that came out of it more than
six thousand people there are confirmed as either dead or missing but thousands
of others still are unaccounted for the Indian Coast Guard helicopter was
flying low over sent and a line of the drop aid when it came under attack by
bows and arrows the enemy in Nicobar archipelago is home to several tribes some
extremely isolated officials believe they survived the devastation by using
age-old early warning systems they might have run the high ground for safety
after noticing changes in the behavior of birds and marine wildlife and isn't
like somebody said the other day the animals they know right they can sense it
certainly I was talking to somebody better over the weekend they can sense it but
in the meantime we're out there the people on the beaches they're following all
look at that here comes a nice big wave time to get your surfboard out oops it says
scientists are examining the possibilities see whether it can be used to protect
earth tremors predict earth tremors in the future my can't be all bad right keep
your eyes birds that's what tippy headburn said didn't she just die yes she did
I like tippy every not so that's a hitchcock you couldn't keep her hands off her old
troll oh like kind of like the bird see there it is again you see how all these
pieces of the puzzle fit together holy crap five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a Verizon and singular wireless lines wqa am hello
Q a m going once yeah how you doing now okay pali yes happy no you're related
I'm glad you're not going anywhere yeah I'm gonna be honest with you and
Goldberg couldn't carry how it's done back everybody the truth is because they
can't afford out anymore was that what it is I say sounds like how is brother
well the truth is that they don't want to pay anymore FCC funds that's the
truth okay they just finished over the thirty five gold fifty five thousand
what he's going away anyway yeah plus it's a lame doc show you know when you
come on here and you tell everybody that you're leaving and that you want to
any day is going to be your last it's not really conducive which is why
Citadel took him off the air which is why we're dropping him next Monday and
and see there's and it's one thing to be disappointed if you're a stern fan I
can certainly relate to that but in terms of how it himself this is what he
wants anyway he he wishes he give his left nut if infinity would tell tomorrow
all I guess while we just can't we don't want any more this and we got
somebody to fill in there and the good luck to you okay have a great life
that that's what he wants so maybe that's one of the reasons they didn't even
discuss it this morning I'm sure they will tomorrow and I'm sure I'll get
somebody a credit for it some of the blame and let me say it again I was too
busy involved in in ten days of the most psychotic I don't even want to call
it negotiations bull crap is what it was I'm you know I have any time to
worry about how it's turned the only thing we wanted to know is that what the
whole time we were gonna start every day which we agreed that we would start
no later than eleven that was basically it my I'm sure that we are at the
new Rogers he's a yes whatever you say I have the power and you watched
I'll put the one or two before you just mark my words which will be a bad move
that it you am hello no how you doing pali good me I don't know if you went
over this yesterday of somebody called you on this I was listening on Sunday
night to your station a national show by chat coffee and you gave up the
award for the government announcement on the radio last year and it went to
Moe Howard David for for liking the day once that fire to Iraq yeah that was
also he's still at from sports illustrated that's where that came from okay
well just want to share that with you know he's probably the podcast to know
about sports talk okay thanks a lot pali have a grab near yeah I mean you know
how many weeks ago was that in sports illustrator I'm ready to read it on
your repeatedly well I wanted to make sure that mode didn't I'm
sure he was pleased getting at least a mention right in sports illustrated right
in fact I wouldn't be surprised I'm listening if most listen right now to
the four with no man at least at least for the interim night I don't know when
it does he's delighted march or something I don't know man well I better get my
other halls better get some more halls ready right I think when you when you
suck on too many of those you got problems halls or your toe goes down now I'm
not talking about that just you get you get that kind of like I don't know that
nasty deep in your throat you know deep throat five six seven oh five sixty
just watch it now just govern yourself accordingly man we got the new deal go
and everything is fine we got life is a wonderful except for that wife he was
but other than that everything is a pretty good pound five sixty on a
Verizon singular right aside remember what I told you about Bob Savage no
little guy meron it's I he done it yesterday that's right well the only difference
being that the tall broad that he merged he had a ton of money hmm that was the
big difference so next time yeah the way I am hello hey neo yeah how
is turns a land off like you said but I I would love to see Rick and
Suddon in the morning I have anything better than this for sure well I
think over is gonna be out in the morning so you know what do you know huh I
said Hank is good yeah but I think you and Rick and Sudd and I'm losing my mind
the great the great mimicry's now on our KLX out in California but I was okay
go hungry go Henry yeah those days with I.O.D. were the best yeah the
you're gonna clock back man you can't live in the past we got to move forward not
backward excellent I know you're the man okay I am now see the thing of it is this now
how many times did I say that we were we spent all of that energy all that
promotion being the sports station right isn't that what this was always about
even the even the a promo sports talk radio yada yada right isn't that what they say
that's this a then how come we put for well on and we started getting away from it
which we got burned badly with that and then how come after we got burned badly
with it's like a little kid keeps one his hand on a hot stove and we keep going
back and stick at our hand on it again in the so too I don't get it and then all
of a sudden it was stirring and me so that's like a six and eight hours a day of
non sports right right and now all of a sudden we're gonna go back and we're gonna
be sports again now that we got a new sports station there which is taken
the dolphins away not ready to throw rows when we blow him out the door I just
don't get it make up your mind what would you like to be okay what would you like
to be you want to be a sports station you want to be a sports and entertainment
station you want to be just an entertainment talk show well what do you want to
be that's my question besides a compulsive chronic pervericator WQA and hello
hello Nail yes how you doing Nail I'm doing great
Nail I want to call you yesterday because you play you play that drop where
uh... managed says how are david is a bitch and uh... and I was listening to the
soft game over the over the weekend you know the last game whatever and
towards the end of the game or at the end of the game how are david starts to say
uh... you know what was a great season did well not with the great season but
it was a pleasure doing this with you he he he he you know he told manage it
it was a pleasure to work with him and what not and and my ears perked up if I
could say that
uh... i want to hear what
i want to hear what uh...
what uh... manage was going to reply right
not not for a second did he say
say to you or yeah with the great pleasure
he he he right away switches the subject to how this was untrugged water with
the dolphins they never had such a bad season whatever
he never acknowledged that it was a pleasure working well it was not
because he despises the man like poisonous like everybody else does but i
you know i mean what can i tell you he's not gonna lie about it
that's awesome
i just got on i mean i just got the car like whatever twenty minutes ago i'm
hearing all this stuff with all these changes i guess
how it's gone and and
hangover coming in the morning and everything that i want to do in the afternoon
right
and i got i got a time in because i know that that the hang seems to be somewhat
popular but i'm definitely on the other percentage of things that the
hang is a piece of
really and uh... far from the certain he could do the overnight
i'll tell you one thing if he is he sure has a big piece of shm in a few
that
big polish
i
i don't like that
if everybody like i remember bill vines at w i d years ago he was a gm
and he and he twice to hire me even though he would like about it uh... but he
really didn't need
the first time he said to me when you like to be like sandy paton when you
like everybody like you and i said no if everybody likes you that means you're
boring
we'll say like that
yeah
boring like sandy paton
lovely lady hello have a nice day that i had a kind of crap
with her one and two shares who don't want that
everybody like you
first of all if you want everybody like you go have a nice day that crap
then that you're in a wrong business to talk show
and you're going to put everybody back up a couple of canton and for you that
crap
and then
can't really i can't hear that i'm so please got a good words
i'll probably take a tape for you
twelve fifty six and five sixty w two and a lot of a lot of irons and a
fire there we got to find out what he's going to be doing i might have to
take the show today i got to go with the haircut today
but i got a tape show and find out because i don't know
see the audience things that we know i talked to our operations manager and our
program director both this morning before the show they were both fairly
verbose
and either one of them has a firm answer we don't know what we're doing
and we still got like six days right
and we still don't have the uh... schedule for friday which clearance was
going to bring us
and he wonders why we don't want to talk to him
you give a guy like that who's got a title now program director emeritus
give me like a little time and like there's one page missing here in the
schedule i realize it's only two day but i would feel more comfortable you know
me i like to be prepared ahead you know that
it's one thing i have a fetish about that i get the places early
uh... i like to be prepared well ahead i like to get everything all set up
the log the sponsor before the show uh... you know at least half hour and hour
ahead that's just me
i don't want to have to wait until friday and then sit here with just my
kneecap in my hand right
looking for the friday schedule and of course maybe they're working on it maybe
they're changing it
as we speak maybe they're penciling and scratching and
but i probably on a phone with the full right now
you mark my words it's going to be just a force you put it right down in fact
you can write in ink in indelible ink
and you think that's going to be a really positive move on wqa m
replacing demand it to a gift of forest from two to four
or yes the guy
uh... you don't have to answer that's a rhetorical question
and the m.l. coast was to wish all you folks a happy new year in their
proud of an ounce you can still enjoy lobster fest every friday through sunday
and will cost continues to be florida's number one agent where maybe
the fans rated not just by me but by the guy restaurant view knows their
stuff
and this name will cost all you can eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent juicy
main lobster
served thermidor style
start your mouthwatering experience with your choice of six different soups
or have all of them if you like to shovel them in your pants
and then sample dozens of oriental treats including fried snapper and tie sweet
and sour sauce
and old favorite whole roasted duck in hoisin sauce
and also enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over
thirty different item
you still have room and will cost out of this world is your bar features
to your missu ice cream with all your favorite toppings and a brand new
state of the art
chocolate fondue fountain i can't stop thinking about that good i didn't know
about that when i was there you know it
they're good i would have just stood under it and pressed the press the hose
don't forget the m.l. coast for a cell to live in cooking all their fine cuisine
with the best ingredients going cholesterol if you can all oil no msg
no cornstarch no crap it's good for you
m.l. coast with three locations
they're in sunrise sunny ales beach and pepper pies
for reservations it's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two
nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two
for the world famous emerald coast
chinese buffet
exclusive
it's a phenomenon
it's not just the one to two are
is that what he was going to say? yes
his daughter
so
Oh, oh!
He said honey, that's money, oh yeah!
Oh, when you take him in the back, it's the driver's.
Where the hell is he?
Go!
Go!
Go!
That's it!
Make your clothes all she misses!
I'm gonna hold you down, the luck is too close to me.
Hanging up a big boat of his friend.
He only buys a bell, if you can't wear it back.
Go and pay for it!
Pay for it!
He only buys a bell, just to have the little big fat guy.
Cheat all out of me, the whole big guy.
That's that chasing shower in the house.
We need to skip a long, short towel.
Go on the go!
Go on the go!
Go on the go!
That's that big one!
Go!
Go!
Go!
103 at 560 W. I like the redone ones, better than the original ones sometimes.
That's on the shirt.
That's funny, the original.
764 votes, we need to get to 900 by 130 to make our 1000 by 2 o'clock.
Don't you think?
Okay.
Because if we don't get to 1000 votes on the pool by 2 o'clock, what time is it?
By 2 o'clock, we're going to put Joseph Acky on the rest of the month.
I want to threaten the audience and play which boss would you, folks, but you better go with it.
Abandoned U-Haul causes bomb scare Miami courthouse.
They county authorities have activated more than 4000 people from the county's criminal justice center yesterday.
During a bomb scare, the began after a man abandoned the U-Haul truck near a restricted parking lot at the state attorney's orifice.
Ultimately, police found no explosives and put for three hours the suspicious incident starled traffic along one of the main arteries to area hospitals and shut down legal proceedings.
The first year also highlighted the level of nervousness by authorities at the height of an uncertain age.
What's an uncertain age? Like about 12th?
If anything, this was a good drill for us.
They said, Miami police spokeswoman, Drlish Delrish Maas, a lot of work and a lot of details, but we can't take any chances these days.
You never know what something bad is going to happen.
The incident began about 10 o'clock yesterday morning when the truck's driver backed the 24 foot hover over a grassy median.
In a way, restricted parking lot for prosecutors, the truck's bumper backed in the back of a dog's pickup parked in a lot causing minor damage.
The driver then moved the U-Haul several feet before abandoning it on the street between courthouse and prosecutors headquarters.
Ed Griffitha, they spokesman, where the state attorney's office said the man then ran to the office building and currently agitated.
Griffith said the man mumbled something about a delivery, asked to use a bathroom, and then ran away when security tried to entertain him.
It was very, very odd, Griffith said.
Soon police ordered everyone inside the courthouse, the state attorney's office, and the public defender's office out.
When in doubt, get that out.
County jail officials moved inmates to a far end of the facility, while police put administrators in nearby Seeders Medical Center on alert.
The evacuees included judges, about 400 people, summoned for jury duty, and dozens of law enforcement agents scheduled for trial appearances.
The tense situation further escalated.
I don't know when police learned that someone rented the truck with phoning ID, and that courthouse personnel discovered a mysterious package in a stairwell.
Are you putting this whole picture together? It's not a pretty picture.
Someone rented the truck about 8 a.m. at a U-Haul station in Mayway's overtown neighborhood with a fake driver's license of false-address and phone number.
The truck was due back this morning.
Police searched throughout the day for the driver, described a man in his mid-40s, lasting wearing a purple flannel jacket and jeans.
Oh, not that guy.
Obviously, this man didn't care about the truck and didn't want to be near it, said Moss.
We don't want to be near it either.
After a slow and meticulous search that involved the use of a remote controlled robot, bomb technicians found nothing inside the truck.
And the package turned out to be rolled up jumpsuit, police said.
Police also discovered that someone tampered with the truck's ignition system, suggesting it was stolen.
Any other doubt?
Sounds pretty freaky to me.
Also speaking of freaky, clear-chowning, all those holy rollers, those uppity, uh, the Godwax.
Right.
Clear-chown communication is being criticized by women's alphabets over a Christmas contest, which granted breast enlargement surgeries to women in four cities.
The breast Christmas ever contest was aired in Tampa, Jacksonville, San Luis, and Detroit, and is drawn to the Arab both the National Research Center for Women in Families and the National Organization for Women.
Now is urged its supporters to file complaints with the FCC.
The controversy comes within months of Clear Channel paying a record, $1.75 million fine to resolve indecency complaints against Howard Stern, tamper radio personality, bubbled lovesplund and others.
While neither group is alleging the breast surgery contest violated decency standards, they're complaining the contest brought potentially dangerous surgery and leaves its winners with no legal remedy should the surgery go awry.
There's nothing worse than a breast that goes awry. Under the rule winners who must be at least 18, they must sign a waiver protecting company from all Iability claims.
I try not to be judgemental about whether a large radio station should be giving away free toys to children instead of free breast augmentation said Diana Zuckerman, president of the National Research Center for Women in Families and Health Advocates the Organization.
Now is urging the public to send emails to Clear Channel and the FCC to complain about what it considers a degrading and unethical contest.
About 34 messages had been sent to the FCC and Clear Channel now said yesterday they're pouring in.
Just like the votes on our poll about Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern during next Monday, January 10.
Aren't they pouring in? They better be. 781. We got a long way to go to life, 50, you know what? How many do we need? 900 by 130? Never make it. You think how many you know? We'll never make it.
We'll never make it to 1,000 by 2 o'clock? No. Get your Z on a phone, come to crank up those tassels, man.
Let's see, 783. Slow down to a crawl. 56670560, pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line.
See, that's one thing about South Florida. They may care a little bit. They may, you know, sing a pretty good song. They don't care enough to send their very best.
They care enough to send their very worst though as Durech found out last week. WQA and Hello.
Not talking to fuck around, but if it had been anybody else going from 10 to 2, then you, I probably would be upset that Howard is going to be off the air.
Right. But question that maybe you answered before. Does QAM side of contract repaying the fee get money for?
Sure. And did they continue to pay it that?
I don't think so. These people are already paying more Howard and guilty and a bunch of other people. I don't think so. I think there's some legal stuff involved in that.
Because in listening to him, that seems to be as big as gripe that he goes on and on about with regards to that other station.
Did it only out? Yeah. And it was already making him off. He's saying, well, they owe me the money and that's all the counts. I don't give a crap about that.
But I think the fact that he was on here every day promoting serious for like four or five hours a day. I don't think he's got the leg to stand up because he was all, you see, before he sounded ill with us, I believe, to the best of my knowledge, he already had been working at serious deal.
I'm sure you have. Yeah.
All right. Have a great one. Good luck to us, Palli. Thanks. Yeah. We need to get to 800 votes by the time.
By the time Josh runs to the tea room here where that bacon egg goes sandwich you was eating this morning.
They're pouring in now one at a time. This is not a good sign. You know what? 784, 792. Another coming in in chunks.
Okay. We're talking about chunks yesterday. Now they're starting to come in in chunks. And you're probably asking, why is this important?
Of course, the answer is it's not. WCAM. Hello.
It's just for fun. Yes, sir. How are you doing? New. I have to tell you.
I have people. I just got back in town. Thank you. Just got back in town yesterday.
It only took me one day to realize, you know, I'm going to get, you know, I got to get out of here.
Oh, man. I tell you that week I spent there. I was there for one week. I thought it was going to lose my mind.
Yeah. It's just, I mean, I was in touch both and then Columbia, Maryland. But it's just more civilized.
Yeah. The comment I wanted to make was, did I understand? Did I hear correct? You, you extended your contract?
Two years. Right. Great. That's the only reason I was continuing to live in Florida, not that I couldn't listen to you on the Internet.
But I'm not a computer guy. I was in the day. I'm a working guy. You know, I would have had any arrived or show.
It's probably the only valid thing about living in Florida. Unless you're a beast pro.
I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy.
I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy. I'm not a computer guy.
People out there like you. People don't want friendly like, you know, boring. Like I was talking before about Sandy Payton.
People are a lot of that Bill Vine. I think he died Bill Vine. I don't know. He was kind of a boring guy anyway.
I mean, he's the guy that put Sandy Payton in Bill Smith and I would be in you wonder by boring. Oh my God.
Woo. We, man. With all, with all the respect in my former boss, my good friend, Sid Levin, who was good buddies with Bill Smith.
You ever hear Bill Smith on the air? No. He made Joe Zagaki sound like a Mexican jumping bean. That's how coma inducing him. He made Dave Van Boring sound like Mal Allen.
Sound like Bob Prince. Sound like Joe Bowen. How is the elite? By the way, the Leafs are undefeated. Go Leafs go, ain't.
You know the interesting thing? Nobody really cares anymore that much. You know what I'm saying? I mean, they got to keep the chatter going because they got to fill out a air time like I leave Stevie and some of these sports channels here. Nobody really cares. You know, we can live without hockey.
Uh oh. And once the players discovered that and the players union, well, guess what? I think they're going to come around and back, eh?
An average of 1.3 million. Even Georgian Josh might settle for that 1.3. Speaking of how much you're making, do you earn less than 50,000 bucks last year?
Well, if your answer is yes, then it's definitely time for a career change. Stop being a schlepper. Pick up the phone and call Fast Train.
Today at 1-866 Fast Train. Fast Train can have you trained already for a great new high-paying career and is little as just four easy months.
Fast Train offers high demand high-pay career training. If you like computers and you ever thought about becoming a computer network professional, call Fast Train.
This is an easy way to get to training you need at 1-866 Fast Train. The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high-and-fast train.
Like I said, can't have you trained already for that great new career and is little as four months. Put some money in your pocket.
Get yourself a real life and a real career with training at Fast Train. They've got locations in Kendall, Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Pembroke Pines, Fast Train offers job placement, financial aid for those who qualify too.
And they have day evening and weekend classes too. They're forming right now. So call today tool-free and change your life forever. Call Fast Train at 1-866 Fast Train.
He's the oldest teenage high-powering, high-stroight. He's the only model he might ever give to our high school.
He must have the fit to check the period, high-stroight. He sounds just like every child who.
It may be dying. But he deliberately even on a high school. Like the reason we could never buy this. Just for New Year's Eve, the clock has to scroll.
And did clock it. Two strokes by the way. Too bad I didn't bring my national inquire from Florida up with me. I'm not going to want to buy it again.
But come to fight out here a second. Much more debilitating stroke after the first one. And for those of us who discovered what a piece of crap walking, excrement, grave robbing, a turd burger that he really is from Perniton on 11.
No, it wasn't Perniton on 11. Was it? No, it was bowling for Columbine. Am I right?
Yeah, well, that woman was working in Detroit suburb there in the shopping mall, right? Right.
So anyway, he had a second stroke that leaves him partially paralyzed and he can't walk and he can barely speak and so on. Which is why he was not on New Year's Eve.
Don't get to, don't buy this baloney about, wow, you know, he's still recuperating it right. Don't think you're going to see him no more.
824 votes on our poll. What's your take on hand-goat? We were placing Howard Steer next Monday on QA.
We got to get to 900 by 130. You think we can do that? 10,000 out of 1000 by 2. That's my own extrapolation.
You can do it. We can do it if you folks get on a horn, get with it.
Here's a fact that says Neil God, you're the most powerful G-Dam man in the world. Nobody riffs them better.
George did a great job. But the reason for the drop in the polling numbers is that you haven't threatened to put George on for the rest of the month.
Yes, I have. It says I've voted on a poll immediately for thank God you're on 10 to 2.
We didn't even worse than that. We threatened to put George again. I'll tell you what. We'll put the big O on. How do you like that?
We'll put Jeff Rimmer on to talk hockey the rest of the month if we don't get to 1000 votes by 2 o'clock.
How do you like that? We'll be doing hockey shows three days a week starting in February if you don't get with it. Think that'll do it?
No.
And then it says here, thank you very, very, very, very, very much for renewing your contract.
Do you remember Mr. T? If I introduced my ex wife to Mr. T. Can you ever see what do you understand with this?
No, I didn't. See you in T. Mosul Tom. I have no idea what that means. I haven't got a clomester T.
We got Mr. G. Who should only rot in hell? We got Mr. T. We got Mr. Z. Don't forget Mr. Z.
Who?
From the racetrack, Mr. Z. Never met him.
He is the walking reason why so many people despise New York. Mr. Z.
No, you never, just kissed the guy you never met him. He makes the guy with the icing like Santa Claus.
829. They're creepin' and crawler, man. They're not comin' and clumps like we need to. You know, like the votes they carry, you need to get big clumps.
And he couldn't do it. When I, especially when I kept your own his votes out and the people, you know, he couldn't get the big clumps he needed.
Nice campaign, by the way, John. Come in to QAAM. Hello.
Hi, I'm my voter for.
I beg your pardon? I'm T. I. You're voting, right? We're taking the survey.
Yeah, we're taking the survey. Who do you like?
What's the question?
USC or Oklahoma?
No question. Oklahoma.
Okay. 567-0560.
Now, who wouldn't want to get paid to do this, right?
Seriously. I mean, we talked to so many rocket scientists every day. So many brightest, so many most articulate.
And the other thing of it is, they're always tell me that George gets the intellectual callers.
In fact, yes, you can make that on the show.
George, huh? You make that up.
George was telling, no, I don't make that up. That's what they make it up. They tell me that you get, you get the more intellectual callers.
I'm dumb. I'm just a dumb common slav. And you're like a, you're like a bookworm, man.
Yeah, right. You're like a lot of stutter.
And that's why you got all those intellectuals last week.
Well, what do you expect to get around holiday time? Who's sittin' around callin' talk shows at Christmas and New Year's?
The most chronic low life, no life losers, whoever...
I had no life.
...trawled around on a globe.
835. We're not gonna make 900 by 130. I'm getting really bummed out.
Get on the phone to, uh, Joseph Gackie.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Bring LeLuca back.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Uh, let's just call the loser. How are you?
Okay.
Listen, if this guy, the default, comes over, does he bring the, uh, the polyman with him?
Yeah, the polyman is part of the package, yeah.
And, did you ever know, when he asked me to call on Saturday again and then trade out the station and hoard the station in with those trade-offs?
And also, he asked me to at least once show a month from the engine.
Yeah.
Did you ever know this polyman just, it sounds just like Paul Winkle?
Yes.
All right, that's all.
Same person, thank you.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
A lot of changes for the New Year, man. A lot of surprises.
Oh, and also I was reading Jim Sarny now.
Who knew nothing about any of this stuff involving.
Yeah, Sarny, you blew the whole story, okay?
The biggest story was Armando Selco.
What is his name?
Sel-Kowell.
Sel-Garro.
I don't know what his name is, Sel-Garro.
And the hero.
Jim Sarny missed the whole thing.
So, Jika had the story about Stern, and the hero had the story about the dolphins.
But between the two papers, they can't seem to get her.
And I just don't understand what passes for journalism and so forth.
I'll use that expression very loosely.
Then I'm reading Sarny and coming to find out that ESPN radio is carrying Nick Sabin's press conference,
is introductory dolphin head coach press conference at 2 today?
Are we carrying that?
Do we know?
Because Paris made a yacht yacht with me before that we had a Nick Sabin press conference,
but not during 10 to 2 so they couldn't interfere with the show.
I should have had that in the contract too.
Next time we can't have to carry one of those stupid sports press conferences,
that they have to keep the pot open, so whatever sounds I play in the battle.
Go on a year.
At least that makes it entertaining, okay?
That was it, it's great.
When we had the Dave Wahnstead farewell press conference,
when the Wahnstead era came to an abrupt end, when he got fired.
I mean, when he resigned.
WQA, and hello.
Okay, yeah.
Yes sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, pal.
I want to tell you something.
You told me about the tsunami yesterday.
Where's the safe place to go?
I'm going to the dump on Sample Road.
It's got to be about 10-15 stories high.
Yeah, okay.
Have a good time.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Let's see, what do we got?
We got 900 yet?
Need a 53.
This is going to be tough, man.
I think this is going to be the toughest ass assignment we've ever had.
Anytime we've ever gotten close to a thousand votes on the poll,
I think we've always made it, haven't we?
Right, we have.
Every time.
We've had some squeakers that went right down the last couple of minutes.
We got 36 minutes, and we need 146 people to vote on our poll.
And it's a very crucial, I mean, life and death poll.
Isn't it important?
No.
What we think it is, 854, let's see 146, and we got 35 minutes now.
So that's like what, three votes a minute, four, four.
Isn't it?
I'll take your word for it.
Well, that should be easy.
That should be like falling off a log, man.
That's numbers are a four in language to me.
No sweat.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Neil, clarify something for me.
Yeah.
That's just called waiting, I think.
No, wasn't it?
No, it was not a hang-up.
Trust is, it's sliced off by Bell Sunder.
Maybe it was the Reverend Jones-boy friend, okay?
Maybe he was busy again.
Welcome.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Not there.
Brother Busy voting now.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say one thing, man.
All you guys look not you personally, but whatever Q-A-M is getting, you guys deserve it.
Because you guys are shuffling the board like no one else.
Yeah.
Okay, so big ol' and galdy and mall, you guys deserve all these fine bags, okay?
That's what I think.
Okay.
And you guys have a young guy, a Curtis out there, and he doesn't even get any time.
And no one has even mentioned in the...
I mentioned him this morning.
George and I say to you when you were talking about a beautiful, beautiful, short one.
You heard us right off the bat.
He does a good job.
Yeah, he's a young guy that you guys can groom and why not put him out there, you know?
There you go.
Certainly, B-S-O is a ganky, man.
Yeah, I agree with you, Neil.
I have really seen the guys out of talent and you guys can groom and him and he's...
And I think that's the thing.
He knows what he's talking about.
He knows his sports.
And there's another thing.
We're...
We're...
We're...
We're...
A couple of people that you guys mentioned don't know too much about sports, including Deepro.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All he knows about is engines.
Okay, have a great day, Palli.
And plunge him his guts out.
One thing about me, I can't stand those gambors.
By the way, I got time to get to Whipvine.
27 after one.
Let's see, how are we doing?
8.63.
We need 137 and 33 minutes.
It's like four...
Yeah, just about four minutes.
Well, we got to get...
We got to get frantic, fantastic response in there in the last 33 minutes of the show.
You think we can do it?
Can it happen?
No.
Is there any chance, huh?
No.
Why do you say that?
There's a chance.
You want to hear Joe Zagaki on the rest of the month for a whole month of January.
By the time we come back, we're going to old points.
We'll be in a minus column.
I'm not going to hear it.
Reson, see if you had to listen to Howard in the morning, he'd have been more successful.
He would have stayed on QAM.
It's your fault.
Reson, yourself, through a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800-Matrus right now.
You know, nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, the way you feel and your productivity
than a good night's sleep.
And you can get one tonight and a good night's sleep, too, from data mattress by calling 1-800-Matrus right now.
If your mattress is more than 10 years old, or maybe you're noticing that it's saggy or lumpy, it's time for a new one.
Two is from a complete line of the top names in the world.
They got silly and Simmons and Cernick, King Coil, tempera-peed externs and foster a huet.
And Dolomakrus takes same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stuart Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And you still get to pick that date into our delivery window when you want that mattress delivered,
when it's convenient for you and your ass is going to be in the house.
And there might be probably there 99.7% on time delivery record, too.
Dolomakrus won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch award for excellence.
For years, I've been a satisfied Dolomakrus customer and I guarantee you will be, too.
So instead of wasting your time, money and effort, and those vetting in department stores paying for their big overhead,
do this smart thing.
Just sit on your fat ass, make one easy call, and they'll be knocking on your door whenever you want.
1-800-Makrus or log on to their website, macrus.com.
Dolomakrus 1-800-MAT-R-E-S.
You are listening to Neil Roger Fitz, exclusively on 5-16.
So all of you are.
You're a kid.
You took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you grow up big and strong.
But today, big and strong isn't good enough anymore.
That's why you need to give your kids Flintstone's chewable steroids,
a non-vitamin with the extra point.
Past yourself, what do my kids need most?
Healthy, balanced nutrition or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can crush anything in their power?
Flintstone's chewable steroids come in poor tasting flavors like bread, Flintsteen, Diold,
Bambandral, and Oxen-Dino-Dream.
With Flintstone's chewable steroids, your kids will love their new bulk and striated muscle tissue,
and it'll be years before they even care about their ever-shrinking genitalia.
And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her browning troop to have her own goatee?
God grant us, my brother, a barber's soul!
Bless you, I shall call my brother, a barber's soul!
Make your kid a Flintstone's chewable steroids kid, 10 million strong and bulging!
132-894 votes we got to show up.
We didn't make it quite to 900 by 130, but we're on the edge of it.
We're on the precipice of greatness we could get to a thousand by, to a clock with 106 more to go.
We can do it. You can do it.
Okay, hop on it, man. We'll add it down.
Now, radio and records finally on their website.
Finally, I got wind of this.
Howard Stern loses Miami affiliate.
Better late than ever, boys.
It says this time, it's Beasley broadcast group sports talker, WQA and Miami,
that's cutting loosely, serious satellite radio bound, King of all media.
What are they? Kisses, answer what?
Stern will be replaced in morning drive by local host Hank Goldberg,
who moves to wake up from afternoon drive.
It's the second time, unless in a year, that Stern's found himself without a home on the Miami radio dial.
I can't imagine why.
I can't imagine what local Ojrn provocateur is responsible for that.
He was dropped from WBGG FM early last year in the wake of the FCC stepped up in decency enforcement.
And he was in the Miami market until being picked up.
Oh, it was missing an action in the market until being picked up by QMLIS Congress.
No word yet in the whole replace school.
We're going to act in the drive at the station right before the seven.
Jim Mandage, we believe, unless the force he's going to fly the coach and see that would be really something.
If Mad Dog went over there, if they hit the little dog and the big dog and the small dog and the large dog, living large, all the dogs.
I say let's send D for over there. You notice they haven't hired him yet.
No, they haven't.
Have they?
Of course he's looking, man. He is just, oh, brother, from what I hear. That's just a rumor, of course.
How about that that we got that story on about Alzarkarway?
And that's something yesterday?
Wait, to scoop them.
Yeah.
Scoop them by like 23 hours we scooped the mainstream media with a story that American forces have captured the anxious Abu Musab Alzarkarway.
That's slimeball.
That's scum fucking bucket.
And there hasn't been the death says.
Yeah, that's what you think.
They're dying over there like flies.
But it's for good cause though, keep that in mind.
Right. It's worth it.
It's well worth it.
Freedom's on a march here.
Oh, we need one more for 900. What do you got on yours?
Because we don't always coordinate here. Not always mix and match.
I got an error page cannot be displayed.
902.
Why? Because they're leaning on it.
They're hopping on it. They're leaning on it.
What's your take on the Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern situation on QAM next Monday, January 10th?
I'm thrilled. Neil will be back to 10 to 2.
276. 30 and a half percent.
I don't care.
Don't listen before Neil anyway. 164.
I'm pissed but I'll still listen to Neil 131.
I'm thrilled for our Hank sports nerd fan 116.
I'm pissed off. I'm through with QAM 80.
Pissed off. Bye-bye.
As Jama Glacola would say. Bye-bye.
I'll still listen to Stern on the bus 68.
Hank blows out. I won't listen to only 67.
That's a nice place. That's a good sign.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a very good sign.
Line 9. QAM. Hello.
Hey, take one.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil, I've got it.
You got it?
Yes.
Don't pass it around.
Bowen, Hank in the morning.
And deeper when suds in the afternoon.
Get mad.
Right.
Bowen, Hank.
Man, anything could have happened.
I guarantee that you talk about a great hate.
Wow.
I've listened to that though.
Yeah. That would be pretty interesting.
I'll guarantee you that.
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow.
People would tune in from Miles Ravada here, Hank Greep, more every morning.
Hey, stupid.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil, I think you should go on as I would start in the morning.
Yeah.
Okay. Pass through your brilliant crawl.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Hello. Neil.
Yes.
Oh, I'm out here.
I'd love you to death. I'm a triple threat.
Triple threat.
Yes. I'm a woman.
Yeah.
I'm a Christian and an old police officer.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
And I love you to death.
I've listened to you for years.
Thank goodness for anything.
Thank goodness for anything.
Where do you hang out?
Where do you work?
I work for BSO and Hollywood.
Oh, the BS.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
We think the world had the idea of paying it.
Well, thank you for the possum.
I mean, can Jenny be sure to give a big kiss on the forehead for us?
Oh, yeah, sure.
It's a big target.
Yeah, sure.
You betty-ass.
Have a great new year.
Thank you.
See you.
I like that.
A BS lady.
That's like one lady in each day and two days in a row.
That's almost a record.
That's a quota.
I don't understand what that's all about.
Well, I think when we do the screen list, they don't have time for that.
They might break their nails with the revile.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a horizon.
See the right-ass line?
Are we going to make it?
What do you say?
What do you say, Josh?
9, 13.
Now they're starting to chunk up a little bit.
And I'll tell you some really good news.
I've dodged the bullet.
Oh, good.
Well, can't you tell?
9, 16.
No, you can't.
You hear it?
I can hear it, but you know, I might be through it.
I talked about it way through it.
No, because there's no more, you're rasp.
No more rasp.
I think my ionic breeze quadra did it for me.
Did you lick it?
Well, you want to see the schmutz when you clean those things out?
You want to see the schmutz in there?
Then you would believe.
Maybe for your birthday next year instead of cash, I'll buy you one of those.
Oh, no thanks.
In fact, for Josh, why don't you buy a Josh one instead of that big TV?
We're going to buy that kind of for now.
No.
Don't want it, huh?
It makes a breeze between your knees.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I've got a little bit, yeah.
Q-A-M.
I've got a little bit, yeah.
Q-A-M.
I've got a little bit, yeah.
Q-A-M.
I've got a little bit, yeah.
Q-A-M.
I've got a little bit, yeah.
Q-A-M.
I've got a little bit, yeah.
That was funny.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
And don't you think questions are there for you?
No, I don't think.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Happy New Year, Neil.
Another lady.
That's too out of four, I can't believe it.
Hello.
Hello, yeah.
Well, I and I'm even in West Palm.
Wow.
I'd rather listen to no radio.
I only have yours for you.
Good for you.
Bye-bye.
Thanks, we don't have a happy.
You should do bye-bye.
Wow, wow, wow.
This is what is going on over here.
I hope not poor.
Man, oh man, it's the old licky ticky time.
We just heard from Ricky Ticky a while ago.
And that's licky ticky.
This is great.
Take a look at that pull.
We're going to make it.
You'll see, ye of little faith.
You always do that.
I think you have to do this plan.
You get to psych any audience out.
It's playing with their mind.
Although I'm not too sure to be honest with you.
What do you got?
$50.
I think it could happen.
$9.29.
We need $71.
In 21 minutes.
It doesn't make a genius to figure out.
It's like a three-in-a-half.
Right?
We still got our work cut out for us.
$9.29.
So if you want to hear the chic everyday from the rest of the month.
We're going to bring the chic.
I'm tired of straightening with these other people and seeing you working too well.
Of course they probably know who they are.
Yeah, they don't know the chic.
Fine, the L.U.N. to better net.
Yeah.
There he is.
Fine, the L.U.N. to better net.
Fine, the L.U.N. to better net.
Yeah.
The chic, here are the chic shrieks.
Here was Steve Nichols' idea of a great talent.
What do you say was Neil would have to drop the drops here.
Neil would have to drop.
Sounds just like him.
Yeah.
Now, 21-2 at 560 WDQM, the world famous, and I did anybody tell us whether we're having a press conference at 2.
Are we carrying the next statement press conference, the former coach of Michigan State and the LSU?
Nobody told us.
Hey, right now it's time to talk about acceptance, capital mortgage, and everyone's main main.
Anthony Kelliendo, whether you're buying a new house or refinancing, looking to get cash out or just paying down your debt.
Acceptance, capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done.
Acceptance, capital specializes in just about any situation under the sun.
They'll get it done while others can't.
100% financing, option arms, new construction loans, investor and commercial properties, they do it all.
Check out acceptance, capital, and stress payment program.
Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month with the pick-up-a-paint program.
No income verification is even necessary.
And your credit score doesn't determine your approval like all of the programs because at acceptance, capital mortgage, they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people, especially when they work in QAM.
In most cases you can pull out cash pay off our units and still pay less for your mortgage payment every month.
So-called Anthony Kelliendo would acceptance capital today and find out why he really is everyone's main man.
That's acceptance, capital mortgage, column right now, toll free if he needs some cash.
One, triple eight, four, eight, three, loan.
That's one, triple eight, four, eight, three, L-O-A-N.
You want to think of me, you'll run your business.
Next, collusion lucky.
On 560, L-A-M.
Yeah, let's use him as a program when we're in Juicy out of here, don't watch it.
Come on, everybody.
Don't look here, man.
We gonna play a game.
Bebe's picket's hit their mouth.
And he's fine, I can be the name.
No, what you told him that.
You pick a bucket too, poor.
It's a bucket, some skills to make it.
You pick a bucket.
You pick a bucket without a gig.
What you talking about?
You have it down in your own cash.
You have it down in your own cash.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, he's a political man.
A political man.
A political man.
A political man.
Let me do a homie.
Open home, open home, open home.
A political man.
A political woman.
He's a political man.
Home man.
No.
This being an affidavit.
It's a mere family around me.
Man, a battle with a mask.
Receive by a mask of me.
A family.
Who that home?
So pony to home.
A battle with a pole.
Receive by a pole.
Home.
You be bolded.
So pony to home.
Man, a battle from a safe by a pole.
Home.
Now try your luck with both.
Home, home, home, home.
Man, a battle, home.
Home.
Be the body of the skin.
Be the body of the skin.
Be the body of the skin.
I think we got it like this.
We can look at this.
958 books.
We got 15 minutes to get like 40.
What do you got?
42 more.
That's less than three a minute.
We've been operating at a higher rate than that because the people are frantic that we're going to put through Michael's on every day for the next three months if they don't get to 1000.
567-0560.
Tomorrow is the first hour.
I don't want to drag that whole thing on because they just aren't that many names.
There aren't that many names.
We'll find out who this crowd would like to have on Noon to two.
I mean, no, noon to two.
Two to four.
Right?
But this is for an hour.
Because this during this very lot of about 10, 15 every day now.
So we'll have maybe 11, 30.
Because how many names do we got?
And I'm not talking about Rick and Suds.
They're not putting Rick and Suds on between two and four.
Okay?
Trust me when I tell you.
Is there even any point putting that on there?
No.
Of course not.
To be honest with you, there are many who don't even know who the hell Rick and Suds are.
Much less have any intention of putting them on.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Bring back Joanne.
Yeah, bring back Joanne.
That's a good idea.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how about Howard Sternfant?
I just want to let you know that the real Howard Sternfant still doesn't even listen to 5'6 anymore.
Because you can't understand the words that they're saying.
Then how come you're listening right now?
Because he's not on.
It's already over.
But during the morning you put on the buzz.
So it's useless anyway.
He's not listening a long time ago.
So it's not going to affect me anyway.
Okay, great.
Okay, thanks.
We're going to invite you to listen right now.
Whatever you just said.
Do you have any idea what he just said?
He's saying that the Sternfant don't listen to Stern on this stage.
Oh, I see.
Well, he was kind of like mumble in a little bit.
Maybe he had a little lunch in his mouth.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Noodle.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
I'm doing fine.
You're putting up here in Orlando that's been listening to you since 1990.
I was trying to call you since you went on vacation.
I'm sure I'll forget something.
I used to listen to that real radio with all the archives and stuff.
Right.
They had some W-Q on there.
It's your pal Johnny Dark.
It's my thing, no, I haven't heard it.
I mean, I have now, but I recently found it.
And before you were Miami, you were in Sarasota?
Correct.
Before I was in Miami, I was in West Palm in WJNL.
But you didn't work in Sarasota?
Oh, yeah, WS-P-B, which is no longer that.
I don't know what it is now.
It's like a classical A.M. station or something.
You remember W-Y-N-D?
Sure.
I worked there for a month.
Bud Paxi owned it.
I worked for a month and I never got paid.
That's why I was calling.
There was some guy when you used to have the bird on.
And he worked up here in Coker area at the BRKD.
Right, that is correct.
There was a guy on there working on a ladder.
He worked at BRKD.
He went by the name Pepper Lipsink.
Pepper Lipsink, yeah.
You remember him?
No, I never heard of him.
There's a real way to say it, pal.
I'm sorry for my...
Five, six, seven...
Why is it that the people are Orlando and Tampa who listen to us are such radio groupies?
Probably the answer is because they're radio groupies.
I'm an active guy.
I started to cut you off there, pal.
But I was starting to get chromatose myself.
And I want to stay wide awake so we can celebrate our thousand votes on the pool.
Josh Cordis is going to be impressed when we hit that test.
Mark, we haven't done this in quite a while.
Have we been doing the show?
No, not a while.
I think you write it down on the chalkboard in the back there.
We keep track of these.
The first time of the new year.
Yeah, first time in 2005.
We got 975.
We need 25 more votes in 12 minutes.
That's only two minutes.
Two a minute.
Even George can finger that out.
Right?
Why are you so bad with numbers?
It's my thing.
You're right.
You're just saying that.
You were just saying that he knows nothing from numbers.
I'm a genius when it comes to that.
In fact, I was looking through all that stuff.
I told him that boxed in my mother's head with all those toppings.
There was a letter from the mayor of Canondagin, New York,
congratulating me on being the chosen for the National Honor Society.
Congratulations.
Congratulations to the community.
Of course, back in that day, he didn't realize I was a factored.
But, seriously, it was all these things that he kept.
That she hung onto.
It was tragic.
Really sad.
You know what I think?
There's a message in the box from mom.
You know what she was trying to say?
I have no life.
Right.
I guess parents do that, huh?
Yeah, yeah, they do.
Sometimes they stage things just so they can't click things out.
So it appears that they're really interested and concerned and involved.
And the meantime, they couldn't give a crap less.
Is that what you're saying?
Right.
No, her problem was she gave too much of a crap, but not the right kind.
Not the kind that she desired to give.
What did you mean?
Maybe if she just would have...
If Joshua introduced mom to that bacon next sandwich, he might be still around today, you know.
The one he had yesterday.
The one that sent him racing down the hall.
That thing you talked about the wax paper this morning with fat boy.
That kind of like leaves a lump in my throat.
You're the one that brought him up.
Oh, God.
What about the paper?
Even Joshua Dero there when racing.
Clarence went racing out of the room when you started that crap.
That cut right.
Cut right.
Is that what it is?
That's a brand name.
That's what I'm talking about.
I remember cut right wax paper.
Well, people all use wax paper anymore.
Yeah, they do.
Do they?
Sure.
What are you doing?
Get out of here.
People use a ran-ramp.
They use tinfoil.
Nobody uses wax paper anymore.
You get a waxy build-up, man.
980, I got it.
I'm just killing some time here.
I want to make sure we get to this thousand.
I don't want these people screwing off and leaving us to hang a little bit short.
988 in the sunshine state.
It's going to be great.
We got it only a dozen to go.
We can do that with our eyes closed.
Go to shot.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, Neil Young.
Hi, sir.
Neil Young.
Neil Young.
I got one for you.
Yeah.
I've been trying to get a hold of you for the longest time.
Here I am.
What in delay?
Anyway, don't listen to that delay, man.
It'll drive you nuts.
I've got a question for you.
I'll try to get up to eight minutes.
I have a question for you.
Go ahead.
Robin Quivers.
Robin Quivers, yes.
That's it.
That's the question.
Yes, Robin Quivers.
And that's why she sounds like that, right?
What she's doing in the news.
Wow.
He's been trying to get a hold of me for the longest time to find out if Robin Quivers
and what does Don know.
It's going to be a rush, man.
It's pollution-like.
Where is it?
I'm 60.
You need to know.
I want you to take your head out of your own ass.
Okay.
Oh, she's way, way, way, way, you know.
Looks like the bike's a roast guy.
Now, from the body roll ball.
Robin Quivers, she's got a 40,000 ass.
Who's the rice cop now?
It happened when she realized she raised her grip in the ground.
Robin Quivers, she's got a 40,000 ass.
And she's scared me.
Robin trapped me.
And she raised four times.
It's that thing.
She's a trailhead.
And she's a prick.
So I gave her a ride of dead people.
I'm so bored.
What's like she's carrying an opponent ball between her thighs and eyes.
Body down, man.
She's everything to us.
Everything's always a prize.
She's with the winch, she's talk.
The purple sheds body down the night.
We gave a short punch and said,
push, not the last chance, he'll walk and fly.
He'll be rich in facts.
And smells just like the magic sauce.
Not a big hat.
Barbara Boyce, we've got those on his phone.
I'm on a bad day with body down the night.
155, she does smell like the special sauce on a big man.
We didn't.
We got over 1,000 like David Samson would say.
We did it.
And you were worried about it.
2014, just coasting on into the finish line like Secretary
at winning the Belmont Stakes by a rate of 35.
We did it.
What's your take on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on WQAM?
That starts next Monday January the 10th.
Be sure and tell everybody about it because this cheap ass out for sure isn't going to promote it.
I'm thrilled.
Neil will be back to 10 to 2, 323.
Almost 32%.
That kept inching up there a little bit.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Well, because as the show goes on, it gets closer further away from 10 and closer to 2.
So we have more of our people and fewer of Stern's people, you see that?
Right.
I don't care.
It don't listen before Neil anyway. 181.
I'm pissed, but I'll still listen to 149.
That didn't sound like a kiss.
It sounded like something I'm seeing.
Actually, I did.
I'm thrilled by my Hank Sports Nerd Sports Fan, 121.
I'm pissed off.
I'm through with QAM.
86.
Bye-bye, you guys suck.
I'm through.
Now I can understand them.
We keep teasing and teasing and teasing and, you know, folding out the bone and then pulling
the Yanke in the way.
I'll still listen to Stern on the bus.
77.
Hank blows and I won't listen to all 77 out of the 13, 14 votes.
Not too shabby.
And for those who may have missed the earlier excitement, let's see if the dolphins it looks like
are going to ESPN radio, but it's not officially yet.
But it looks like that.
But we got Hank the Humber in the morning.
We got him reupped.
We have no idea what we're doing between 5 and 7 in the morning, which it better not be
sporting news radio.
That'll be one of the biggest, most egregious mistakes in the history of broadcasting, even
worse than putting on Scott Furell and following up with Howard Stern.
And then between 2 and 4 and afternoon, we'll find out what tomorrow, with our audience,
right?
What you want.
And then whatever you want, we'll do the opposite.
That's the way it generally seems to work, right?
Here.
Yeah.
Whatever makes sense, whatever the audience wants.
See, you know, one thing radio people want, listeners and TV viewers.
You know what the word is?
Consistency.
That's the word.
That is exactly the word.
It's just like when you're making like a ganache.
Does that mean they call it?
Who calls it?
The chocolate stuff.
They mean they call it ganache, like when they melt the chocolate.
Oh yeah, the stuff on the outside, right?
Right.
And you have to keep checking the consistency.
That's what people want.
They know it might get a certain time.
They're going to turn on.
And they're going to hear whoever the hell it is.
Pretty much a certain time.
They want to know at 7 o'clock at night, they're going to turn on Channel 10 and watch
Wheel of Fortune, right?
Right.
Instead of like maybe, but we don't do that as a QAM.
We keep like moving it all around like to just to try to keep you on your toes.
Maybe it's like an endurance contest because I know working here sure is and people will
say, well, if they treat you people so poorly and so badly and so shabbly, why did you just
re up for two more years?
I did it for one reason.
You want to know what that is?
I know the reason.
No, you don't.
Okay.
What do you think it is?
Money?
No.
Okay.
To piss off Maddie Bell.
Yeah.
That wouldn't have guessed it.
That's the endurance contest.
To piss off Maddie Bell.
And I had you written in the contract which will really piss them off because now he can't
get you fired.
How's that?
That sounds brutal.
Yeah.
So there you go, Maddie Bell.
Okay.
There's a special.
In fact, somebody was telling me that over the weekend there's a special place in hell
for a guy named Maddie Bell.
That would be nice.
I want that to be swell.
Oh, God.
We'll all run around.
Just like Quasimodo, we're reading the bell when Maddie Bell rhymes, Bronson Hill.
It really will.
Anyway, that's going to do now.
Are we carrying that press conference with Nick Sabin?
We are.
Yeah.
We will be carrying the press conference.
Nick Sabin, you're a new head coach.
Am I a dolphin?
Who's your ain't no New England tape here?
It's, but nevertheless, who the hell is?
When you got those Jewish quarterbacks and you got that AJ Touchy Feeley who's always
feeling and touching because he's always got like, uh, uh, aches and pains.
He's aching and paining over there.
But you got Nick Sabin who can't be all bad because he coached at a real school where
they really know how to do it.
Michigan State.
I'm not talking about winning football games.
I'm talking about getting laid.
Bye, bye, bye.
Hey, I was going to show you my brother's beer.
I wasn't for suds or bino show.
There bino show.
There bino show.
I wasn't for suds or bino show.
No, what's solid?
