We are the authority!
Carl, you're on Q-A-M!
I like that guy.
How are team at F-2's to the 4?
Sports radio 5-6 is the same with the P-E and...
Stooper!
So more likes the Gargle events good?
I'm glad you like somebody.
How are you?
I'm doing great. I had a fine evening at Woodvine yesterday.
You want to head further to the mount?
Wonderful.
Yes. After starting out really bad.
That's always good when you win after a bad start.
You're making nice comeback and you go home about the lower grand ahead.
That's not bad.
I wonder if I'm a good machine-mind.
And the good news is, 6 months!
Watch in South Florida. How do you like that?
The bad news is, the tax is going to be 50%.
Well, you know something that's their problem.
Yeah.
The parametrials are still going to get their 5-10%.
That's somewhere in that neighborhood.
Well, that's the money that will go for a purses and the breeding industry.
Right.
I'm good with that.
Yeah. As long as the purse money is there.
I got news for it.
They got a license to steal.
Anybody that's running these places, don't let them cry in your shoulder.
Roll them fool you.
No.
Oh, gee, 50%.
I wouldn't mind taking 10% of whatever is going to go through there.
What do you say you want to split it?
I think it's only 100% in the country that's higher.
And you weren't.
Yeah.
But not all split with you.
Yeah, 5% of peace sounds good.
Kind of like to implement just a little frosting on the cake.
How about this, Neil?
I was looking at, I said this earlier, about the Marlins.
They're payroll.
If you take away, they have one more guy to trade.
Who's that?
Phelone, the relief pitcher.
David Phelone?
Yeah.
I thought he'd be the...
Not the Empire.
Meadows.
No, not the Empire.
I'm talking about the Harness driver, David Phelone.
Oh.
David Phelone, the Empire is...
Yeah, but anyway.
Yes.
Anyway.
Phelone, who earns 2 million, he's the next to go.
And then they will have swept out everybody.
Right.
And they will have one salary to pay $4 million.
And that will be the Don Trail.
And Cabrera gets $4.75.
And everybody else on the roster gets $330,000.
So the bookkeeping becomes very easy.
They write the same check to everybody.
330,000...
That's...
That's...
Hey, we're going to be about 8 million.
13.
That's...
But you know what?
It was from 66 million to 13.
Yeah.
That's not much of a cut.
That's 30...
That's 330.
That's less than what our tour clock guy makes.
And the best...
The best part of it, I just presented it in here that way.
You're just...
You're hopeless, man.
You're incorrigible.
You're like Pecs Bad Boy.
Yes, that's me.
Any Haskell.
Here, it is just before Christmas, just before Chanooka Manning,
just trying so desperately to get a little P-Val action there.
And then Barry, I actually like some of what Barry wrote today,
which is shocking.
Although, at the end, of course, he goes on his puppies.
I think we need to find out if Barry's on the payroll across the street.
I think he's a total pimp.
It's like the tag with it.
Yeah.
It's totally the tag with it.
Or anybody who talks to him.
Yeah.
No, that's for danger.
Well, that's both of Ms. Arnie and this guy.
Whoever will speak to them,
that's a...
Oh, and speaking of your friend, Tom Jicca,
if you read his phone...
What's speaking of him?
You will vomit.
Well, we're talking about newspaper guys,
who are you hanging out with at the track.
If you read his call today about Fox News and Alan Comes,
oh, Tom's two right-wing colors come through shining loud and clear, man.
About Fox News and only conservatives.
And Alan Comes is this.
And now, again, I'm here, Tom.
You're an idiot, man.
You little not see you.
In fact, if you see him coos stepping toward the railing there,
just give a little shove.
Well, he is...
Right, right.
He is a real right-wing little Nazi.
He's probably still planning to vote for Bush again,
even though he can't run again.
Anyway, Barry says you, Marlon people, can't get your money back.
You know where he got that from?
You.
Yesterday, I had a call about that.
Well, he at least he listens anyway.
Yeah, thank you, Barry.
And he...
Hey, Barry, listen, don't forget to say it with today.
Mommy says she put in an extra peanut butter and jelly in there for you.
The Marlon is what we've heard said earlier this evening in a race.
Single game ticket prices for next season.
I mean, that is just absolutely unacceptable.
It's outrageous.
In other words, here we're going to put what amounts to a minor league team on the field.
And if you already bought your tickets, you know, this is Hutzba, man.
They're talking about...
They won't say how many tickets they sold for season tickets for next year.
But Samson claims the renewal rate has been high.
Yeah, right.
They sold nearly 10,000 for this past season.
But there were...
The average attendance rate 20 if in the major leagues had only Tampa Bay and Kansas City.
What does that tell you?
Even though they had a good season and were like, you're buying for the right time right to last.
They had tickets that they sold last year.
If you wanted that beyond...
If you wanted to retain your seat for the playoffs, then you had to also buy season tickets for this year.
Right.
And that's what that's about.
Well, I thought I'm saying all those people that renewed, they expected it would be with pretty much the same team or maybe an improved team.
They certainly weren't paying money to buy a minor league team.
This is just unbelievable.
And then the Panthers lose in 15.8 seconds left in the game last night after making a nice comeback.
And they wind up losing again.
The status forks in South Florida is not good.
And this Sunday it's going to be really ugly in San Diego.
I'm going to take that right now.
It is going to be ugly, man.
So I should pick the chargers?
You're not picking the chargers. What's the S-Pred?
14.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I'd still go with the chargers.
I don't think so.
I wouldn't do anything.
I certainly wouldn't take the dolphins.
No.
Or leave you a worry because Buffalo fold it up like an accordion.
The good news is Gus is back.
Oh, yeah.
Gus is all healed up a ready to go.
What do you say?
Oh, no.
Come on.
Be a sport.
I like Gus's comment.
You know what he said about, oh, well, you know, it's, I've been in every position and that's the way it goes.
You know, Sage was great in the fourth quarter, but the starter always gets his job back.
Oh, is that what he said?
That's what he said.
Well, they'll say anything his wife gets very upset.
She'll cancel the radio station in the description.
She already canceled the Sun Sentinel, so.
Oh.
Very uptight.
Sun Sentinel is immune to me.
These people are uptight because they get criticized down here.
It goes with a territory, honey.
Your husband's, you know, a professional athlete or at least close to it.
Sun Sentinel had a performance in the tutorial today.
Who did?
Sun Sentinel about, you know, you know, something, nobody points out the truth about the soul baseball business.
You really think they're going to San Antonio that there's a chance in a world of that happening.
Let me give you two answers.
Okay.
Number one, I don't know.
Number two, I could cure less.
How's that?
Let me tell you something.
San Antonio has a better chance of winning the Alamo back.
They have a better chance of getting the Saints.
No?
No.
Then to Marlins.
I don't think that's going to happen either because they have a better chance of getting them no chance of that.
Yeah.
Where are the Saints going to wind up?
Probably back in New Orleans, you think?
They're going to play a couple of games there next year from what they're saying.
Well, and that thing is still, did you see that thing still looks like they say it?
They say it'll be ready by the end of next year.
Yeah, that's what they say.
Man.
So where are the Marlins going to go?
They're not going anywhere?
They've got to do something.
They're going to stay here.
Stay here and play where?
They'll have a stadium.
It's going to happen.
Get out of here.
Wayne will save the day.
You sure turned around on Wayne, man.
No, he is.
One thing you can't knock about him.
He knows how to make money.
He always makes money for his part.
Why is it the last decade or so everything he touches turns to a manure?
He used to have the Midas touch.
Now it's turned around and reversed.
And everything he touches turns to a big pile of smelly manure.
Well, he made my...
He's made some good deals.
All the good deals.
He did kind of Alan Cohn pretty good there with that panther deal.
Yeah, he got out of that at the right time.
And he got the public to build him that arena there,
which there was no justification for in the first place.
Yep, they cost him nothing.
Right.
And the auto nation did okay.
And he's got this nice scan there at the estate.
And where he's got all the sky box revenue.
And you got out of blockbuster at the right time.
Right.
Why would happen to blockbuster park by the way?
Remember that promise?
Never did that.
But...
Well, blockbuster park.
We're going to have that big estate.
You know, the dome, the stadium, the Olympics and all this other stuff.
But it's just another shy student.
That's all all these people are.
Because one shyster after another.
Well, look at Trump.
I mean, one of the reasons that Trump is still as rich as he is is because he gets out of things at the right time.
Is that it?
Yep.
How can you be in the casino business and lose money?
Even, even more green.
I was a little bit nervous about that.
You think I'm skimming off the top, Mike?
Huh?
Well, Lanark City might be...
Or even in the late city of Beoy to lose money.
Yeah, how can you lose money in a casino business?
And it's like a license to steal.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Moe Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
There you go.
Why don't you go get a massage, Moe?
Hey, Moe, nice glasses.
Oh, oh.
Well, it used to be anyway.
I like he puts the glasses on so we can see who it is that came in the door.
It's just another example of how perfect that movie is.
Every scene, every word of dialogue is just so carefully done.
It's the fabulous.
And all of a sudden you saw Moe.
Oh, no.
You don't wear no glasses, anyways.
Not that one.
No.
Come on, don't be a start picking on Moe.
I didn't say anything.
It was from that Moe Green.
Where's our follow-up on the big lunch that took place supposedly?
I finally was able to weasel out very little information.
The lunch did take place.
You know what they had?
Suchi.
No, lame duck.
Oh, no.
Oh, that's bad.
You are brutal.
I wonder he hates you like poison.
I think that he and I have got like a love fest compared with your relationship with two of you.
We have.
And I think the two of you get along well compared with him and Gildi.
Wow.
We have taken that poll in the past.
You know, who hates the most.
But I just I don't think anybody can touch him and Gildi, man.
Every time I'd be in the station, Gildi,
he'd be coming out of the bathroom and they'd stop me in a hall.
I can't stand another day.
I can't have let them.
Just the psychotic hysterical.
But Bish was up there too.
And I noticed by the way, Gildi's got all these spots.
He's recorded spots on the station.
Those of us who are on the air, we got like a minimum number of spots.
He's anymore, but Gildi's all over the place.
That's just amazing to me.
He's squeaking his way to the top.
I would like to heard his call on that winning goal last night.
I bet you we got it.
We must have it.
He's still caught.
If he still caught on the other team's goals like he didn't at least get him.
We have it.
You want to hear it?
You got it?
Montedor tries to clear and pan.
Madonna was behind the net out in front of me.
Here and I did that goal.
It's not acceptable.
Listen to the winning goal.
It's 15 seconds left and again.
You can't do that, Gildi.
That's unacceptable.
He's sitting in Bikki.
Star is leading.
He sounds like he had a bet.
I don't want to hear anymore.
That's just I'm sorry.
I don't want to go off on him, but I will anyway.
The job of a play by play guy, as you know, is to make the game exciting.
Is to give people a reason to want to come to the games.
If they lay him doing the games the rest of the season by the last game at the season,
there are going to be six people in the arena.
Most of them will be on the team.
She's as guilty.
That's not acceptable.
He sounds like he had a bet.
He sounds like he had a bet.
Yeah, exactly.
Like a race announcer.
I think he's going to believe this, Neil.
But I will tell you this.
I did the dolphin game for 15 years.
I know that.
Never be bearable.
Oh, yeah.
Never bet one.
Yeah.
Never bet a game like that.
Why not?
Because I didn't want to do that.
Well, that's because you were hanging out with Pete Rose.
I never bet on baseball.
I never bet on since I didn't say I didn't bet.
I never bet on the dolphins games.
Yeah.
Because he didn't want to sound like a little hysterical.
Yeah.
You want to give it away.
Exactly.
See, that's why I could never bet on ball games because being I guess I'm just stupid,
but I am really a fan.
And so whether it's a hockey game or a football game, if I'm watching the game,
I'm already stressed out as it is.
Now, if I had a big bet on the game, I'd probably have a coronary.
I couldn't handle that.
I like enjoying the game even though there's a stress factor.
But if I had a cash of bet, I just, I couldn't handle it.
I just wouldn't enjoy it.
I don't like that.
So you don't enjoy a race?
Yeah, but a race last for like a total loss.
So you couldn't stand the three hours of it?
Yeah, exactly.
How long does a race last?
About a minute and 20.
Yeah, something like that.
Harness racing, about a minute and 55, whatever the hell it is, something like that.
Depending.
Unless they got the ores out and it's a little bit slower.
Well, there goes that segment.
By the way, do you know the angel's name and a wonderful life?
You know, the Christmas movie that I would like to move you for,
you paid me about a second.
I'm not into that.
That's a movie for Goiom, okay?
What's the angel's name?
Clarence.
No, really.
Well, he looks really angelic to us.
Yes.
And I say that because tomorrow's payday, Clarence.
Oh, he's our angel then.
That's the reason I said that.
Tomorrow's, I thought it was, let's say, I thought it was JT Snow,
who then went to the Giants.
He was an angel.
Yeah, that was an exciting year.
Yes, it was.
When the angels blew up there in the end, but they had a big year that year.
And you know Ken Wilson used to do the angel's games back then.
He's really good.
I remember when Joe Tori did the angel games.
Well, I don't want to hear about that.
He was good.
Play by play.
Yeah.
Joe Tori did play by play.
Oh, and speaking of that...
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
Listen.
Speaking of Barry and his column here, the thing about Boog, I'm in shock.
I mean, what are we going to do about the Booster?
This man is off his rocker.
I don't know how you turned down New York.
I mean, let me answer this.
If you grew up in New York, if you were a big Yankee fan, and they said, Hank, we want you to be the play by play voice of the New York Yankees.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you be there by...
How much do you want from me?
Right.
Wouldn't you be there by five or five?
That would be like saying, Neil, a Joe Bowen just had a heart attack on for a bit.
We want you to broadcast the Maple Leaf Games.
How long do you think before I be at the Air Canada Center?
Yeah.
I mean, unless they ask them to do it for nothing, I don't understand.
Yeah, that's just to this.
I think he doesn't want to leave Dan LaBaster.
There's something really, really interesting there.
Those two have become joined if they lip-hip.
Well, you have a nice day.
And then I found out that your buddy Jimmy Cifilis filled in yesterday for that contrived controversy that Tony Bellone has publicity stunt they pulled.
And everybody worked out well, boys. Nice going, Joel. You idiot.
Now, you have a great day too, and don't lose too much.
I try.
I'll see you on it.
You too.
Heat fans, your Miami heater releasing a limited supply of previously held seats for sale of the general public.
Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections.
Tickets go on sale Tuesday, October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10.
It is food!
Food!
What would you rather do to a few games on ESPN and sit on over there with Dan LaBaster than the juice?
Mix.
Check out ticketmaster.com or any ticketmaster location.
Heat fans, mark your calendars for Tuesday, October 4th at 10 a.m.
This is the day individual games tickets go on sale for all heat home games.
This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad with Shaq D-Way.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Jason Williams, as Juan Walker and Gary Faton don't get left out.
Make plans now to go online to ticketmaster.com.
Another train monkey.
Go, go, go, go!
Who's this?
Who's this?
Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys are.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys are now.
Learn to swing and free to trade.
We scream as Juan can shout.
No, we sponsor that, that's what we're all on.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys are now.
We don't do anything, we're told because we don't know how.
Don't brush our teeth, don't come out here, we don't even wear clothes.
We lost our makeup, we see what our private parts have to call.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys are now.
We're not well-moutored, we'll be hateful, just love to drop straws.
Let's go.
Don't come to me, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys are now.
Then we'll lay down scratch our butts and watch you all turn red.
I don't want to hear a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys are now.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that cat, our horse or cow, we're smelly and we like it.
And we've heard the things you said.
Don't come to me, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys are now.
We're in 22 trees, we're in 20th round, we're in 20th round, we're all wild.
1015, I'm a jester, that's Joldy, he just said.
Even George, I've got more excited.
You wouldn't understand what happened.
I'll just pretend I've cast that check again.
1015, I got to do the break, because we're way behind Hank Dahumper and I here.
That was a good line though he had about whatever the hell it was.
But what?
The lame duck.
That was special.
Hey, the truth is when you dared to compare your CY Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
It's south Florida, the only Ford he knew the shop had is Armstrong Ford a homestead.
Now the holidays are here, maybe your car was damaged during the hurricane.
Or maybe you just want a great new ride for the holidays in a long time to come.
When I was the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich,
and then David put your ass behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford a homestead, they've got great offers and incentives waiting for you.
Get yourself a thousand dollars cash back, or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500 or freestyle.
Get five thousand dollars cash back on Explorer Expedition.
How about two thousand dollars cash back on Escape and 2500 bucks cash back on Focus,
so your restrictions apply.
When you buy a Ford for Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program two on top of all these things.
That's right, tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford a homestead will guarantee you the best price like I tell you every single day,
because this is a locally owned and operated shop.
They want to make you a customer for life, so they'll treat you great just like family.
No bait and switch, no pony deals, you won't get a better price on a Ford anywhere.
So call David Rich at 305-247-5112 until David you want the Neal deal.
That's at Armstrong Ford a homestead and you'll find them at 307-25 South Fixie Highway.
20 easy minutes, that easy minutes, South to 836, check them on the web,
www.ArmstrongCars.com and then grab just a few miles extra to save yourself a lot of cash,
thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-T.
Okay, there's our little musical tribute to Goody there.
I'm just astonished.
I'm almost speechless after hearing that.
I'm sorry that I asked to hear that.
Even Josh Cordis never heard anything like that dull and he works with Dave Ann Boring.
That was even a thousand times worse than, and the Marlins win the world series.
Let's go to lunch.
Anyway, for the uphold today, before we get to the yesterday and all this other stuff,
somebody sends the JFK assassination as soon as I've done any meaner.
I hear the only thought of it as, hi, back of your friend.
That's what I assume they meant.
The problem with that is we got the Abe Lincoln assassination and the William McKinley assassination
and the assassination of Autenton Reagan and on Truman and on Roosevelt.
That's a good part.
That's a good part and two attempts and zero afforded, by the way.
What was the one who was one of Manson's lady friends?
What was her name? Susan Squeaky?
Squeaky from.
Very good. Squeaky.
Oh, it's keeping a girl.
There you go.
Squeaky.
See how the salt ties in together?
I just got through a planet for the first time in a long time.
Bap, bap, bap, like that.
First day, I thought it was the rumor song and then they realized it was the guilty song.
Somebody better sit that child down and explain to him, I hear broadcasts and sporting events.
That's just, it's demoralizing to me.
Panthers have to hold a sandwich at sharks tonight.
Let's hope that a little bit more enthusiasm there, no matter what the outcome.
See, it's one thing to have like excitement for your team, no matter how much of a home or your hour, which is fine.
But you have to have like a little pained excitement for the other team, especially when it comes after the tremendous comeback
and there's just a few seconds left in a game and the crowd is going crazy and you're like,
Ed, I just can't believe I'm sitting here.
So what do we want to do?
Do we want to put all these assassinations on there or just the JFK assassination?
Would all of you respect the link on it?
I don't know.
That's up in any of my minutes.
Yeah, right.
Because that was, you know, that, well, I don't want to go into a conjecture because we don't know what it was.
For sure, we all have our opinions.
Anyway, Barry says, all you Marlon's ticket holders, they're crying foul man, foul ball.
That's David Samson for you.
One of the worst foul balls ever to come down the pike.
And he says, if you're a Marlon season ticket, well, I don't want to do that yet.
Okay.
I still can't believe the boasts you're thinking.
Then they legislative yielded six thousand slot machines into four paramutrials and barbed by the mid-2006.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Yeah.
And they'll be voting on that today and I think, you know, you never say never.
I mean, never say that there couldn't possibly be a last minute glitch, but I don't think that's going to happen.
I just have a feeling.
Well, I guess we've got to do this.
The good news from Iraq first.
Okay.
Today's good news.
Okay.
And this business about bushes of popularity running, he's went up a little bit because the economy is doing so good.
You know, the American people need to be spanked.
There are a lot of few people out there need a good spanking.
Talk about selfish in it.
As long as I got mine, I don't care about anybody else.
And so there's innocent people dying.
And he lied to his team.
And he's been spiraling them away and stuff like that.
And we got all these crooks in Congress running around just to play and fast and lose with our money.
Who cares about that?
So the latest poll, or OG went up a little bit.
But we went up like Joel went up.
Oh, yeah.
That's how much he went up.
A suicide bomber who jumped on a bus after security checks have been completely completed.
Dead-nated and explosive belt among passengers heading to a Shiite city today, killing up to 30 people.
Not 30, man.
And only nearly 40 official said.
Most of those killed were on the bus, which was gutted by flames.
But several people gathered around and nearby food stall also were killed.
A hospital official said at least 37 were injured as well.
So that's just more good news from Iraq.
And those are all people who are dead today or badly injured and mean for life.
Missing limbs and eyes and private parts, all of these things.
Because of the illegal Iraq attack.
That had an absolutely no basis.
And then the Democrats ought to be screaming.
Don't give us this baloney about withdrawal.
The fact of the matter is that you lied against the new year ought to be impeached.
And you have no plan to get us out.
And put the honest word belongs on him as opposed to saying,
Oh, well, we better see before we start calling for media withdrawal.
If that's going to fly politically.
And Rahman manual says this.
And Hillary says that you guys are a bunch of whips, man.
You suck.
You suck.
By the way, John Lennon died the 25 years ago today.
And yesterday it was the data that live in infamy.
And the baby for that even more infamy because George and Aayla were born on that day.
So we got three days in the role.
Biggest stuff going on.
Don't forget though.
Yes.
I'm the baby Jesus.
You're in Georgia's of baby Jesus, but never let us see it.
Oh, John Lennon.
Right.
Because if he were, he already be dead.
Although the baby Jesus is dead too, I guess.
But he'll have become back on these days when he was at least expected.
Look how the baby Jesus.
And there he is.
Knock it on the door.
There he is.
That's the baby Jesus out there.
Or maybe it's the Virgin Mary over there.
On the side of the big bank building.
Oh, speaking of that, if you didn't see a sea South Park watch it this weekend.
Okay.
How they're not going to get boycotted by all the Catholics in the world.
I don't know.
Oh, I'm good for them.
I sure absolutely love them.
I shed a tear.
I am a pomsino!
Well, I gotta be careful about which show.
Yeah, yeah.
Which ones are known.
Could I listen to a Mali on the day just to make sure that I don't...
I mean like...
Praise people, please.
Yeah, some of these are like...
You're going to hell, you dad!
No problem.
How about the one with a good bleep?
No.
What's wrong with that?
They're all good.
No, they're not.
Don't go feed.
You mean that perplexed?
I was like...
Yeah.
No, they're not all.
What was the one with a good bleep?
I think it was pretty sweet.
Well, let's see.
Dude, dude, pretty f***ed up right here.
Yeah, that's okay.
You're right.
The bleep center are pretty good.
They're completely...
But I'm not pushing it.
I'm not pushing it.
Okay.
They were pushing it last night.
I bet they were.
Excuse me, but I do believe that's just S.
I do believe that's S.
I bet it did.
Well, I'll be sure to ask around and find out where it is.
It'll be on my comedy over the weekend, right?
I'll check with my guy.
He'll shut up here.
Here's that schedule coming up.
We got the molemyster, too, this afternoon, the mole man who had his big sushi lunch with Greg last week.
And maybe you will find something up with him.
Everybody is tight-lifped and tight-butted in this place now.
Nowadays, all kinds of stories going around.
But like that bit we play.
Like that.
A lot of lips move them, but not any verbiage.
Mad Dog gets seminal hard rock today for three solid hours.
A tough day for the man from Mussolano, Ohio.
Len and Troy at seven o'clock tonight.
Len and Martha, she always goes on to you like you said.
We're Lenny to make them self-s
better.
Panther preview at 10.
Why so late?
Because they're on a west coast.
Panthers at the San Jose Sharks in the shark tank.
At 10.30 tonight.
Believe me, the waiter plain lately,
they look like they're in the tank already.
I'm not talking about the
thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
I'm not talking about the thing.
This is the reasoning.
He told him to send the email,
I said to him.
He asked him to send a email,
He said to him to send a email,
I said to him because he felt the crumb,
I said, I don't know.
like it.
Right? How you doing Sally?
Yeah, but anyway, thank you for the
What is it bring us some water? He's not
No more that's why we don't get no water if it was sal head water for us. He'd be there in a heartbeat. It's a good guy
But anyway, I think I think we need to take up a hobby like knitting would be good
Okay, although we do want you to listen to the mole my story
You can even while you're asleep
24-7
A lot of people out there really in need of a hobby
Okay, here's our pull from yesterday. How many votes did we wind up but for 1682?
Other than Godfather and Godfather to what movie has the most sensational acting performances
Kuku's nest winds hands down let all the way from start to finish just like Seattle slew
260 vote
Trash anchor redemption 163 Glenn Gary Glenn Ross
135 Scarface 106 good fellows 100
Who had more zits Ray Leoto or manual anorega? Oh close. Let's see them together
Apocalypse now 90 to kill a mockingbird and network each had 74 doctor strange gloves
67 that was next to it played first base for the pirates
That was his nickname for Bob Prince Dr. Stringville. Why do I get you ain't no Bob Prince?
You ain't no Michael and you even know Jeff Rimmer you ain't even know it makes you long for Chris moron
That's how bad he is. That's I can't I'm I want to vomit
Mystic River 52 saving pride Ryan 47 Shimbals list 46 gone with the wind in the excess is 35 the canine neatly 32
Record him for a dream 31 young Frankenstein head on the waterfront 29 12 angry men 28 28 angry men didn't get any great Santini 25 monsters
Balls 24 gangs of New York had 24 Magnolia 22 draw the afternoon
20 training day 18 deliver in 17 China town 16 easy writer 15 sunset pull of our Bregoria Schronzen 11
Venturing candidate lemon with Frank Snatra who was actually good and that will be great 11 the African Queen Johnny
Macri's had nine Mulaw Rouge had nine Donnie Brasco seven rear window had six once upon a time in the West five happiness five down a dark
Oh full there you go
Got it. I didn't see Donnie Darko, huh? Not yet, but I will no I'll say it to you not off before the end
Yeah, don't watch the ending. No, I mean it's really he dies
5 6 7. Oh, I got a lot of stuff to do here yet today
Boy, what no, you don't have to waste your time exactly when he knows he's gonna die the whole movie and then he does and let's see like that. This is it
Uh-oh, huh?
What is that would pull it back in four years and one of these provisions expire if in fact they feel they're going too far
This must be the tape you that our leader Roy Blight telling me that he places a big victory
Four Republican leaders because this now gives them an opportunity to protect the American people
They they were very concerned about these provisions
Several measures of the Patriot Act were said to expire soon
But now we out of a spark is they're gonna be really just been renewed again by your right wing Congress excellent
So start do stepping right now and make sure you lock all the doors real tight
W.A. Q. I. M. Hello
First call of the day and hello
Hello, Neil wonderful now like I said in a short one too W.A. Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah, sir
Hey, you know, it's so funny this poll when are we gonna get out of rack thing and
Say to have no funny. All of the people that died yesterday thought it was pretty funny too. All the people I got blown up
They keep talking about the exercise. There is no exercise. They're gonna be there forever
What is the right we're closing the bases of Saudi Arabia which Osama wanted us to do
Correct to do that of there. Yeah
What's the question?
By the way
This question where is he no one cares
There's government does not care he's probably living inside of you. There's else else our cowie and Al
Goldstein all these other else
By the way, I finally decided that my old age I'm becoming Al Goldstein. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah, that's me
I am I'm becoming Al Goldstein not quite as perverted all I'm working on it
You need a like a neck scar from a tracheotomy. Yeah, I'm gonna put on my Shmata my burka and my Shmata around my head
I was thinking about that
It wouldn't I'm last night if I would have put my Shmata on
Well, I should I have a nice scarf and I will scarf and you need it up here. You laugh all day long, man
I don't know. I need all the car. I need OJ ski mask
It's a scar for a pool. It's a sunny beautiful day and man
It is colder than a witch is behind it is freezing over here, but no snow not one flake
Buffalo got a foot yesterday. What I'm telling about Buffalo socks, huh?
Buffalo got a foot of snow in the southern tier like Shatakwa counties and like down there by the P.U. and their
Those places and two feet two feet of snow
Better than us WQ. I am hello
Q. I. M. Yeah, he got room for a shameless request
maybe
Police got my part
Police got my part. That's a good one for the Christmas season. Okay. It is
Spested it is festive. Remember festers
So anyway, I knew Marlon ticket holders. I mean what is there to say about this and of course the same thing with the broadcast rights
I mean we had the marlins rights. I guess for next this coming season right?
Jai yes, we do well
I'm I've heard rumblands already that Greg says this and Greg says that and but I'll be put a boop and a beastly
He's the measly bees is why would you want to pay the full but this is just like what happened when Wayne had to fire say
Well, I would say much worse much worse. I mean they're just dumping everybody
Yes
Pierre then wasn't Pierre last one to go yesterday. That's right so far
So there's like almost nobody left. There's like maybe you know two three guys
You're gonna know from the team last year and everybody else is gone and the don't 12 can't pitch every day last time
I checked so I just don't know what these people are thinking about
Yeah, if we screw over to fans, I mean you can't complain about their public relations here because they don't have any
Call the hell the violet
Allright
Police got my gun, police got my gun, but that's all right with me, but it was
straight without a quad.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas, I want to wish them a merry Christmas, I want
to wish them a merry Christmas while the sun keeps warm up my mind.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas, I want to wish them a merry Christmas, I want
to wish them a merry Christmas while the sun keeps warm up my mind.
Police got my gun, police got my gun, police got my gun, but that's all right with me.
Police got my gun, police got my gun, police got my gun, police got my gun, they
must be naked, a parking lot.
All right.
I want to wish them a merry Christmas, I want to wish them a merry Christmas, I want to
wish them a merry Christmas while the sun keeps warm up my mind.
Happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New
Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year, happy New Year
Day
Asian of Iraq, 121, the Clinton impeachment 39.
See the big drop off from the big four there.
Clinton impeachment 39, segregation 33.
Who did more?
I'm sorry.
A civil war, civil war 17, Viet Namwar 15.
58,000 young people came back in body bags
and it's like, oh well, you guys suck.
Bay of Pigs Fiasco 9, McCarthy witch hunts six,
invasion of a Haiti five.
Watergate five, Iran counter five.
Anybody remember that?
I've been Reagan forgot it.
He's saying on witch trials two, invasion of Grenada one
and invasion of Panama out of 686 votes is gone.
We don't got too many pandemasons.
Let's not there today.
And we got a lot of people out there
who don't like the complexion of that whole thing anyway.
Speaking of Noriega, boy, he had a nasty case.
Him and James Woods and Wayne and the Ray Leota.
It's a zit fest.
So anyway, the Marlins will not give you your money back
if you already got sucked into buying season tickets.
They also won't reverse the raise of the single game ticket
price of the next year, which means
if you walk up crowds, it's gonna be invisible.
And let's see, they got in the very jackass column here.
There are all these different people.
Season ticket holders.
They talk about the failed class action suit against Wayne
money had his big fire sale after the 97 world series
and the courts threw those out.
And about certain fans like Richard Crowell
wrote to the Marlins saying,
Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, you're not existing
give me a product that exists anymore.
And I'm gonna give my credit card company
to cancel the Yadi.
The Marlins will allow season ticket holders
to speak with Samson and General Manager Larry Beanstock
and a party at 6 p.m. Tuesday,
adults and stadium a party.
It'll be more like a wake party in my ass.
The event was scheduled two months ago.
It was not a response to fans backlash.
Marlins spokesman PJ Loyello said.
Gordon said he wants to listen to what Samson has to say
before deciding whether for sully
go action.
Who's Gordon?
He's one of these people quoted in here.
So there you go.
That takes sure that the Marlins again,
like I said, no public relations.
Anything they can to piss off the public,
trading away everybody on the team.
Well, but come on out and build a
system by the way while you're at it.
Or we're gonna leave.
See ya.
And then this thing, let's see.
But meanwhile, let's see.
Very also writes about the Vince Carter statue
and the Daytona beach,
which nobody cares about.
Seven 90 to ticket is decided to reunite host
Sid Rosenberg and O.J. McEmpi beginning today.
They're on right now and I'm sure you don't want to hear that.
But go ahead if you like to and you'll be right back.
Two days after Rosenberg walked out of their 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
show because of a disagreeable
and they're talking about the program's content.
You in New York, you, you, you, you, you.
I want to have more dolphin love, more dolphin love.
McEmpi and wanted Rosenberg to spend more time
talking about the dolphins.
Meanwhile, here's the important part.
And this, I don't know what I'm more shocked by.
Gildey's non-call on a winning goal in last night's game
by Yuri Layton and Fridales with 15.28 seconds left
in a very exciting game or this thing here about the booster.
I have this man needs a lobotomy.
Never, never give too much responsibility
with somebody with the orange hair
because they're always a little bit off, you know what I mean?
Right?
Seven 90 after the host John Boobshambi
on Wednesday rejected offer to become a radio announcer
for the New York Mets, the radio announcer, the man, the main man.
I love what I'm doing.
It was a tough decision said,
John Boobshambi, an oz baseball and 10 college basketball games
for ESPN.
Yeah, so he's on national TV a few games here
and a few games there and he's, you know, I, I mean,
we like Google, I put it.
But what is with that?
We like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I like Google, I
song I sing my own songs, OK, Kelly Ruth, go ahead, we go to our backstage thank science thinking we get out of the door We get we get we get out we have gotten we reach like 10年前 now and we areン we reach in to
yes
carry it or two
not even not even close
next to the start with the alien eaters though
how do you put carry and her in two
you just want to say you
you know right who doesn't
well
q q q
wqa m hello
hello
yes sir
hello nil
yes
well when are you gonna tell to work
i'm not
to go blow your brains out hey George go blow his brains out
see i didn't say that
that's all
do us all a favor do the human race to favor please and the subhuman race to
wqa m hello
well meal
yes sir
um... what about the japanese internment camps
there are many were missing after ww2 japanese internment
yes thank you
thank you
japanese internment after ww2 you got it internment can you do it
that they can use with interns like monica for example where we got the
impeachment on their already
i thought peace is where i come to you that's you me Carter to her during that
but but he right next door though from our can saw
wow
what are we gonna do about this yahu country
about your yahu country
oh i guess who guess who showed up there yesterday and sat next to me briefly
and thankfully lost very quickly a while
and i would have to look at me like i was going to dignify his presence there
guess what skinny guy would have us today rednecky i birdlequin guy who works
for gm and ashwant aerial
i heard the same guy the same guy that i told you said to me last week boy
hey to when people want that guy
that guy
i can't imagine why we've used even look at him or you know dignify his
existence
use use slime ball
you low life you piece of turd
i was so glad he lost
wqa m hello
you want a meal
he had a bad machine mine yes sir
hey just a celebrity siding at my park here in bokeh over the past weekend
um more
yes sir my park in bokeh saw morey boopic and conny churn
oh man that's exciting news get a life i have no life here's
what do you say my is near
nobody said just like that i think what he said
i could be wrong was
my son
i think that's what it was
but i'm not sure
wqa m hello
i support you in bokeh
qa m hello radio cranked way up yes sir
yes i like to speak to me oh
speaking
oh this me oh
yeah this new
okay
radio off man before somebody does something
does that mean
i close the cell almost to go by
oh yeah you call me out of the get lost
good godly that's to go what does he always talk about
what do we want long to uh huh i don't know immigration
no no he's always got the same uh crap
go just go away okay you're too old for not just for the show you're too old
for florida in other words in your past the age of death
even terry's looking more lively with her without her
you go away
she's this man oh oh 30 years later
about 30 minutes later i'm still in the same voices
just like Lionel Tate he was here in voices i'm here maybe these are the
voices he's here and i wonder he's killing people
though or he's just stealing pizza right
right maybe he's not maybe he's not the only one here in voices
don't don't don't don't that's what's the maybe that's what starts people
uh becoming a pizza
so uh good to voice sure you are
sure he is have a great day moe and drive safely please
w-q-a-m hello
hey nil
yes sir good morning
hey when there's any of anything about the shooting on the airplane yet
i'll get to it if uh you don't give me a chance i'll get to it now what's your take
i can't but it's just thrilled about it's new life
past open range shooting at the airport
yeah and that's a good reason to go to a four-loader
dealer for it i guess
man tell me about it okay good luck i'll get to it
we got the slot machine deal we got the uh sky marshals and the afabel
shooting because the guy
well he uh me has said something or me have not
said something i don't know is all i know he ain't gonna say nothing else
okay don't be dive on the airplane okay i'm saying that right now
don't be acting first of all bipolar crazy people shouldn't be on a plane
in the first place okay transported by an anabolic something
out of that house that's right lock him away somewhere you know you've always
given that excuse all these bipolar it doesn't have his medicine then what's
he doing on the plane for christx with a lot of other innocent people
innocent the flystanders tired of the crazy is how is that right yeah if
somebody is crazy that's part of that new long-floor and anyway if somebody acts
crazy just two first asked question blazer so this is what i do question why
the pilot was talking to us some of the passengers saying oh that's the
sky marshal over there and he's gonna take her don't identify the sky marshal
supposedly is the pose there was a bunch of other terrorists on a plane this
guy was one of a like on day 9-11 and he says oh there's the sky marshal oh well
let's get him first and now we're gonna get the rest of you i want a stupid
thing
Jesus got all mighty i think instead of the plan i'm just gonna
flap my arms in the future
what's this is a meal Roger you failed this is five sixteen
two eight it's gonna be the live eating show the thing folks are probably
wondering how come jack playing but he's gonna be glad he got it
any questions no
John when it was shot 25 years ago today are you emotional about it or what
he's still there
like the candle just imagine we're still here with us today imagine there's no
y'all go all right and i'm still alive
you
you
you
Yeah, imagine Ringo so much
I wonder if you can
And George turns to his eye
Then the circumcised the band
Don't fret! Don't fret!
Imagine Ringo and Ringo
Eating juicy snacks
We have done
You've been there the last time
But it's not by being there
You think Linda's eating the vegetarian anymore?
I thought we were never lucky
And the morning is good day
Love it 020560 WDQM Happy Thursday to December 8th
We are close to that festive season
It's whatever it is, the holiday season
Happy holidays from all your generic friends at the generic UAM
Okay, what do we got on the pole?
And we have to think about the slots and the thing about the plane
And actually, yeah, they've got to be psychic before
Because we've got a story that's about Terry and Harry
Michael Shibow, did you see that?
No, well, see you've got some learn already
Well, we'll get to it, just relax
No pressure, man, no pressure
I was just thinking of a really good pole
We're going to take one of these days very soon
Yeah
Last person you'd expect to find sober
Oh, good! Now the good pole?
Sure
I didn't know Ringo was a drunk
Am I supposed to know that?
I didn't know that
Well, that's what he said in the bit, is not about finding Ringo sober
And I maybe was just, I don't know, maybe is it? It's lush
I was thinking like Mike Disney would be a good one
Anyway, what's America's most shameful event?
Slavery, 167
You caught and picked an idiot's?
What's wrong with you?
Bring a bunch of people over here and crates
And enslave them
See, this is the irony of the whole thing
People came here allegedly if you read this fairy tale history of America
To escape religious persecution
They wanted to be free, they wanted to be a free man
They wanted everything to be free
And then they decided, wow, you know, we don't want to do all that
Minio works so bring a bunch of slaves over
See, that's the whole problem with this, the world is slave labor
That's what it's all about, so that your big companies can make the maximum profit
Not to mention Walmart, but all the others as well
Slave labor
First, you brought the dark folks from Africa and crates
And then it was the, you know, because of the geography makes it so easy for them
Beeners to come across the border there
Slave labor
Because we got to maximize those profits, isn't that what it's all about?
That's it
Not treating people like human beings
Remember the human beings? Nobody but me?
Yeah, what do you hear of them?
No
Slavery 167, the fixed 2000 election 149, Al Gore should be the president right now
And we wouldn't be in Iraq, I guarantee there's the human beings
Nobody but me, no, no, no, no, no, they made into like 50,000 commercials with that
No, no, no, no, no, nobody but me
Massacre of the Indians 142 is a very solid third
In fact, I would say it's rock solid
In relation to that's why they're selling those cancer, cancerous things back to the white man
They're getting even now
Nice going boys
Put a feather in their cap
The invasion of Iraq 130
About 30 men
Clinton and peace been only 45
You see those big four, you can't break through those top four
Those are the biggies
Clinton and peace been 45
So, creation 35
Civil War 18
Vietnam were only 16
So, lamented, the EC says that's bad
May it please be asked go 11
The McCarthy witch hunts 6
In invasion of Haiti only 6
Watergate only 6
The Grand Contra Sulementes Cinco, Cinque 5
Saddle Mutshraus 2, invasion of Grenada 1
Japanese internment camps none
And invasion of Panama none
They still don't like the complex of Panama
And what do you like better the Wellen Canal or the Panama Canal?
You know the Wellen Canal is right near on Agra Falls
Is a little geography lesson for you
Wellen, Ontario
It's on the way you go to St. Catherine's and there's Wellen right before that
And there's Hamilton at any rate
I've been everywhere man
I'm going to start singing that song with Howard Dean
I've been here 751 votes
We'll make that 1000 EC today baby
No sweat ski
It's a regular habit on the show
By the way you idiots over there across the street
You know you thinking because you got buried there is your show
How come buries now we're in a sandwich board?
Oh he is
Walking up and down the streets of South Florida with a sandwich board saying 790
They're the best
Oh man very you simple than you
You fair oh god
A little punch like him walks up to me in the airport
And says oh hi Neil I'm very Jackson
And a lot of what you say about me is true
And I thought to myself just look into my thought
Oh yeah sure is
I thought to myself
You fairy
Anyway here's a good news
We think keep your fingers and legs crossed
Now you ought to keep on our local newswire there at Q&A
Excuse me
Yeah I'll dial it up
Yeah
In fact I better hop on the Sun Central because the hero is pretty lame
Sun Central is not too much better but it's the best we got
Just in case we get the bullet and come in that they already voted
And improve this thing and made it final
Or maybe we'll get a thing from Steve Wolf or Dick Feinberg at Pompe and Apark
I'll get the direct facts from those boys
My buddy's over there
And I scored boys it looks like you got this done
Even though you did it very poorly in the beginning
And the reason that it went this long is because they didn't put all the necessary wording in the thing
Although you notice how fast they dropped that type 2 thing and you want to know why
Because they knew that would have never stood up in court
Right
The type 2 slots that bingo that's airs out
So if somebody wants airs out they want the real thing
Even if people would have sold it there
It's the real thing
Right
Right
In the back of your mind
Those are good spots
I got him here somewhere from Book of Brian
Let's see, no sky marshals
We still got the same thing here
No, no winner again, lot of rolls over to 25 million
Well I got to check my lotto here
I think it was going up to 15 million on Saturday
I only want 35 bucks last night so I'm still here
That was in the lotto
Did a little bit better at wood buying tank
You're speaking of wood buying in slots
Legislative leaders signed off on a slots agreement late Wednesday
They would let each of Browards 4 per mutual install
1500 Las Vegas machines, wood machines
And guaranteed they could be running in 6 months
That means by a June
And that's on like 6 months to you
Okay
The compromise ended, they contention battle between the House and Senate that's been brewing since Florida voters last year gave it go ahead for
Abu Garo
No, they're not putting them in
Although they probably have some fun doing it for
And Dave County said to decide whether they want to expand a gambling-broward voters of course approved the idea in March overwhelmingly
But the overwhelmingly anti-gambling legislature was unable to agree on a regulatory scheme during its spring session
Fat ass governor Bush called the legislature in the special session to address an overall of Medicaid and the slots issue
The agreement calls for a 50% tax rate but there was no immediate reaction how much money that would raise for Florida schools
Pushed to break the legislators' still made over what kind of machines should be allowed and how they should be regulated came from your fat ass governor
Who expressed fears that the courts would write the rules for slots if the legislature didn't like
That's the only reason they went ahead and did it
Because they know if they didn't do it right now that the courts would say
Okay, well right the rules are going to be a lot better for the perimutials and for the everybody else
At some point the courts will take this over and I think that's a good motivating factor fat ass Bush said earlier yesterday
We're a duty bound to implement this if we don't be transferring that duty of the courts heavy duty
Under the agreement the state-to-visioner perimutual will wait during what have six months to develop regulations
If nothing is done within that time period emergency rules will be implemented
And the perimutials are allowed to install the machines
And hopefully the all be your first child will be a masculine child and all these machines will be good machines
But it was worked out beyond closed doors by the Republican leadership and staff including House Speaker
Designate Marco Rubio of Miami and Senate President Tom Lee of Brandon
Oh, what kind of people are in Brandon? The mayor must still be a hamburger pardon?
Yeah, who?
And don't look at Josh when you say that
He's from Brandon
I lived there
You are from Brandon
He was rear-debted Brandon
Yeah
He was rear-debted Brandon?
Yeah, he's still sore about it
Don't tell Duff
The deal must still be approved by the House and the Senate
Each facility in which would be allowed to operate their slot machine 16 hours a day
Well let's see 16 hours a day would be like, figure that out, help me please
Like say 10 and a nine in the morning till 9 is 12 to 1 a.m. That's a little weak, but that's okay
16 hours a day would be charged a 3 million dollar licensing fee to pay for the cost of regulation
The compromise represents the midway point between the previous House and Senate positions on tax rates
And then over machines that will be allowed at Pompa no Park, Austin, Park, Dania, Highline, Hollywood, Greyhound Track
Spokesman for the term mutual is not immediately available
And there's supposed to be vote on this to finalize it today
And of course, with everything else in Florida, Doug, count your slot machines before they start taking wooden nickels
You know what I'm saying?
Right
They got to vote the House and the Senate today
But it looks, it looks I'd say about about 30 men
About 90 men?
About 90
When you say that?
Okay
5, 6, 7, you people ought to be jumping for joy, give us something to do, you're gonna lose your ass, plunge your guts out
I'll give us some pointers, man, we'll find a good machine for you
We'll find some good machines and you can go there, you can take Josh within, convert him into a degenerate slot player
Only if I win, will that happen?
Well, I had pretty much night last night
In fact, I want enough to cover that bogus check I sent you
How do you like that? See that was God
That was God saying you went out there and you were, you weathered the elements minus 17 windshield
And like a schmuck you walked all the way over to the kinkos to drop that FedEx and about
So a schmuckle over there could have his a check early
So you wouldn't have to pee in his pants about having the extra spending money for Seattle
And now I'm gonna reward you by giving you back
So even though I started out really bad, I made a nice comeback and had a good machine, man
And did a nice job
There he goes, nothing more fun than when you got a good machine
You know what?
Mine
And that guy that said next to me, I should have said, you know I hate when red next win money, you know?
I should, next time I see that I should say, I can't stand when red next win anything
Somebody QAM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
How's it going?
You're talking about the squad machines
Are those gonna be the Las Vegas style squad?
That is absolutely correct
Okay, do you think since the Indian said if they got the Las Vegas style squad machines
Are the Indians going to get a table change?
Absolutely
Yes, I think they will get the tablegames and of course they'll be replacing those bogus machines
Dude, I'm gonna be spending my whole check over there
Alright, Neil, do me a favor, Kenny
Don't play any more
Can you please play the drop from Jack Limon from Glen Gary Glen Ross?
Yeah, right
Oh, sure, no problem at all
Yeah, there he is
Hey, let me drop
Oh, here it is again
That's it, that's enough of that
Maniac
Anyway, he likes that move
That's good taste
I was wondering if the punching has got that, but I said hey William
In addition to which why is he gonna be punching his guts out over the Indians when the peer mutuals are like that money is gonna go to education
I guess he doesn't want to make sure that any of the money goes to something useful
But nevertheless, it's a free country, at least to a point you can still gamble
You can still like smoke one of them faggots if you find like a real dark closed room somewhere where nobody else can inhale the fumes
Probably it's after not all you kids out there don't be smoking out cancers they're okay
Don't be going through those Indian drive-through places buying those cancers they're so the worms in a man
It'll kill you
That crap about I, what was this slogan I'd walk a mile for a camel
That was their slogan I'd walk a mile for a camel camel secret
Which to my way of thinking I don't know because I only smoked when I was in college a long time ago
And of course being the lady that I am I smoke new ports
I'm a lady secret
But I would have reckoned
The animals I think are the most aren't they the worst? They're pretty harsh
Pretty strong right?
Well you smoke stronger stuff than that but I'm talking about cigarettes
Things that come in a pack like rats
1113 at 560 WQM we got slots coming baby
Oh are we making progress or what?
Slowly but surely little by little
Take your little feet or your big fat feet over the brandy for a perfect fit of your favorite style of name brand shoe
They got them all for you a humongous selection
Rock ports echo floor shine new balance S a S mafisto all the top names in a shoe binis
And the professional shoe fitters of brandy's will make damn sure you've got a customized perfect fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time
Just ask for Arnie he'll take good carrier
The pros if brandy's understand fit and comfort they even specialize in wide widths
So if you've got a big fat wide one and a foot too they'll take care of you
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about anywhere in South Florida for comfort style fit value and selection
Always think first of brandy shoes and you'll find brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pampino Beach
Open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5 and this week is a stupidness of great time to buy
Spirys at Brandy's because you can take 20% off all great men's women's styles that's over and above the already great low prices
So it's a good time to get your ass in the store or do your shoe shopping on their prestigious website at brandy's shoes.com
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8
WIOD Oh I hate that station and keep it with the high standards of broadcasters in the tradition of Edward Armouros
See it now 560 WQAM presents now Z here with Mohawi David
Now say here got a new gig here and if I am so choose to stay I will change the face of whatever that is
Soon now see here who did more for radio Neil Rogers or Hoeyboss Carindicent
Oh
Here's my best friend are you guys all praying I say Hoeyboss Carindicent that's who
But one thing he was the mayor of boarding radium and at 5th maca he ain't no mayor why Hoeyboss Carindicent sang nice song
Oh
Here's my best friend are you guys all praying I say Hoeyboss Carindicent that's who I am
I say Hoeyboss Carindicent that's who I am
Why sure that that's Neil singing in the discouraging songs about the Hoeyboss Carindicent
Because real men don't sing
Come again
And another thing Hoeyboss Carindicent with a lot better than Neil too that dance will lead him to this thing
On the next bit's moment of Fauci here who made a better cup of coffee this is Olsen or Jackie Robinson
Damn I now see me here next time for Mohand Dignitz on Fauci here
But Moh where was the love it's 1120 at 560 WQM the mole myster there ain't nobody like him on his planet I guarantee you that
He is one in a trillion and he hope you're at two to a dazzling you with his whatever it is
Mad Dog and four from the Seminole Hard Rock how do you like that rock solid and then Lenny Martez and Tristrafer like I said Lenny you you just keep plugging away
Maybe someday you'll be able to speak it in ways seven o'clock tonight then ten o'clock
Here for most of the hours because the Panther game is laid on a west coast on the left coast Panther preview with 10-10-30
The Panthers at San Jose to play the sharks in the shark tank and I just I the less I say about that whole thing the better you know it
I want to play that again we got it and then any K after the hockey game even though it's going to be like I don't think so it says
Any K-10 to two in a game starts at 10 nice casual parents are duff whoever made this thing up boy maybe he's going to be sound
Almost chasing maybe we're finding out what that's called so we can play it again if you want or I guarantee that Eddie have more listeners than the hockey game
I hate to say that but it's true it's true you know they just lose just almost every game even a game where they make a nice comeback
They're down three nothing they tie it up and then with 15.8 seconds left another one of those last second swoon
That they seem to specialize in the organization it's just not good not conducive to bringing people in especially when he
Answer or sound like he's a pissed off and going into a coma and I gee what am I doing here?
I think they scarred and it's it's defifying I
Mean how does the organization say well you know continue to let this guy do the games I don't think he's ready for prime time if you ask me I
Think we got to have old jigs but jugs back can you like to ask the old jugs back?
Okay, or some new ones or some new ones now I'm serious break dust him off and the rattle his spear a little bit
I mean granted he was in cohern for least he got excited yet no idea who scored or what was going on but at least at least he got some excitement going the old juxtap
The old juxtap
This girl he needs a little practice practice makes perfect girl. I think practice for a few years maybe maybe
Maybe
Maybe you'd be ready to call a game
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Yes, you know every year around Christmas the Florida lottery swells and if you look at the numbers last night most of the numbers were in the teens and I'm not the only one that talks about this.
I'm just wondering how they can manage to do that every year at the same time.
Are you suggesting the Florida lottery is fixed?
Yeah, and I wonder how much money you know like Jeb has in the camp.
I want to ask governor up and ask him who's reaching in there and grabbing and balls you know that's what it's all about.
I think they're grabbing the wrong balls if you ask me.
Same with a lot of here man so often it comes up when he's really screwed up numbers and nobody wins and you know ahead of time as soon as he's seen numbers.
Nobody's going to have that and they don't have it.
You follow what I'm saying but how can that be it's random they do the draw live on TV now they may tape it a couple of hours at a time pretend they're doing a live on TV
and they may do it 50 different times until they get the numbers that they want that would be bad we can't assume that can we know.
The lotto is the biggest sucker bet but I will play it for tomorrow in our Saturday I had ten million here.
I'd like a check for ten million I'll send you guys each maybe a hundred bucks and then a nice card and I'll send Greg it.
By the way Greg they hit him with five shots and he's still alive that's the bullet and we want everybody to know Greg is still alive.
Haven't heard from too much from him lately but he's still around.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six now let's get to this sky marshal video because everybody in the brother of law is talking about this.
Federal air marshal notice demand was acting strangely even before he boarded an American Airlines jet skid to the fly from Miami to Orlando yesterday then they go there to Alpizar 44 of
Madeland and Central Florida threatened to don't ever let nobody from Madeland on a plane up here that right now not a good idea.
Threaten nearby passengers aboard the jetliner that hit a bomb in his backpack when a bomb.
And also don't be listening to richy valence singing La Bamba when you're on a plane.
It's not a good idea.
Two air marshals confronted him and he tried to flee.
He got as far as the jet bridge which connects the plane with the terminal I thought they called it the jetway the jet bridge.
Before the marshals ordered him to get on the ground took me years to figure out they called the jetway another called the jet bridge.
That's when Alpizar made a fatal move official said he reached inside his backpack and about a bane.
He blew his brains all over his nice I really sued Alpizar US citizen with no apparent ties to terrorism and as it turned out no bomb by in his backpack was shot to death.
Kill the he did.
An employee of a home depot store in Orlando he was returning from a church mission trip to South America.
Another gasky baby returning from a church trip to South America.
I guess the Lord didn't bless him.
Well he'd be blessed and you're a pleasant old that's what they always say is that what is he the Lord called him home.
For that big church in the sky it was the first time Marshall skilled a passenger on or near US plane since the federal or marshal program was beat up after the 9-11 attacks.
You better be fucked if you want to get shot by the big boys.
Another passenger married Gardner told channel 6 that a woman traveling with Alpizar apparently his wife said he suffered from a severe mental disorder and stopped taking his medicine authorities couldn't verify that but they gave this account.
Al is what the hell was that?
Her meat is whistling in the hallway.
Maybe she just got a winning lot of tickets.
She's out there whistling Alpizar.
Alpizar was taking an American Airlines flight from Keto Ecuador to Miami arriving at 12 or 4 a.m. Wednesday more than 14 hours before he's a church connecting flight.
Well I would drive you nuts in the first place wouldn't have to wait 14 hours to lay off layover.
After claiming US customs he boarded American Airlines flight 924 a Boeing 750's and 57's.
The flight to Orlando International near his home near what is it?
Meatland.
Is that what he's from?
Meat OK.
Air Marshall said he was acting aggressively.
At 2.10 p.m. even before the schedule departures other passengers were still boarding Alpizar uttered threatening words warning nearby passengers that he had a bomb in his backpacks to jim bower especially in charge of the federal Air Marshall's office in Miami.
The two air marshals overheard Alpizar he said.
They came out of their cover and confronted him bower said.
I wonder if it related to Papa Bauer from guiding light.
By the way that's all going into the toilet or what?
Oh please.
Man what demographic are they looking for there about 12?
Would a syrupy love with a music and get long and how's Philip doing my way by seeing him?
If they were at that bitch don't stop whistling at a home I'm going to go out there but I'm going to yeah.
Can you can't hear that?
No.
He's right outside my doorway whistling is loud.
Yeah Alpizar fled toward the exit some passenger said he ran frantically up the aisle.
The marshals chased him out of the jet bridge where they shot him fearing he might be grabbing an explosive device from his backpack when a bombah.
According to some passengers four to five shots were fired.
Well wait a minute.
Four or five.
So like four and a half.
Officials later went through the backpack and found no explosives said Rick Thomas the TSA's federal director of my international.
The date police bomb squad also removed the pack and the baggage from the aircraft,
laid it on the ramp and inspected each piece with bomb-stiffing dogs and found nothing.
No explosives.
After the shooting heavily armed dayed SWAT team officers surrounded the jetliner.
I wonder if they found anybody with a scale on the plane.
Oh we would have heard about that.
Oh there have been a lot of people shocked then if he had like a one in the little scales.
A compostful scale is always bad.
That's the sure cover for a drug dealer.
After the shooting heavily armed SWAT team officers right at the jetliner police board of the plane told passengers to put their hands on their heads.
Put your hand on the gland of the man sitting next to you as well as they said.
Some like that.
Remember that song?
Put your hand on the gland.
I thought it out for you if you want.
No thanks.
In fact let's do the break real quick before you can do it.
28 past 11 so there's the latest excitement there with your...
Sky Marcel's in.
I'm all for a man.
Somebody messes on the plane and starts acting a little goofy.
Just shoot him.
No questions asked.
And if he was a bipolar and like you said what was he doing on the first place?
Crazy people shouldn't be on the plane.
Other than maybe the pilot.
Oh there it is.
Put your hand on an old stand.
He's the man.
I still can't get over.
I'm not sure which is more shocking to me.
Vouchon be turned down the men's job or guilty.
Did we find that yet by the way?
No I went and looked for a producer but there's none here.
And you can't find it.
We will as soon as they get out of the can.
I'll find it under guilty.
Look under this.
Just look under that.
It's that most wonderful time of the year unless of course you had crowded malls, long registered lines, parking, hassles and like we were saying only moments ago.
Crazy people.
They're out there.
So make your gift giving it a little easier for you and your loved ones.
Give them a dollar and after it's gift certificate.
When you call 1-800-Mantras you can order a dollar and after it's gift certificate.
In any denomination, even orthodox.
And new bed makes a perfect gift at the last three years.
When you call 1-800-Mantras you'll choose from the top names in the business.
They got them all.
No off brands.
They got the best.
They got your ceiling and serda and serda and king cruel.
Stirns of bananas, fosters and temper pete too.
Maybe you suffered some damage from the hurricain.
Maybe you need a bed for those last men at pain in the ass end of high-to-hullity gifts who have yet to show up.
Call 1-800-Mantras you'll get same day delivery from 8-8-10-PM and they still let you pick the date and time.
When you're ready to fit your busy schedule, you pick it to our window and they show up 99.7% of the time on time.
Oh, just about perfect.
The rank number 1 and the customer satisfaction in the universe.
That's why I use them all the time.
And everybody acuting is one you ought to be doing the same.
Before those pain in the ass guessed it,
wherever I think I already said that, pick up the phone and call 1-800-Mantras or log on to mattress.com.
1-800-MATTRES leave off the last S because it stands for Squeaky.
This is Meadle Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-10-MATTRES
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
The car designers are very screwed up here.
Very screwed up here.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
All right.
$27.00 and $5.60.00.
We want to take, what, $15.000-$20,000 calls between now and two.
That's my goal today.
That's my goal today.
Our goal is $300,000 calls.
That's your body and your whole face.
That's my personal goal.
All right.
We're going to get to a thousand votes without even mentioning it.
We got $8.28 already.
That's pretty great.
$8.28.
What's America's motive?
I'm going to give him a little heads up on Amara's poll and maybe through the rest of the show we can add some, you know, we don't need like a whole bunch.
I like it though.
Thanks again, Sean, for some pool ideas.
Thank God for him.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Thank God for all your critisons out there lifting a good time to do everything.
There are 42 dr.
makers sitting in their car on a mRNA 34 navigator alley on the road, taking pictures.
是
teri
Thank God.
Thank God.
Have the forces in a climbing alley.
Thanks.
Enjoy your time.
We work great in troubled time.
I think we are fully prepared well.
Thank God.
Think you will stand pigeon dancer.
team and talk about your good bush is dog doing the for movies for Christmas and
where you going internet and watch these dogs performing their movies
all right
and is this a global a laughing stock president or what you actually
don't know
put some of the internet on the back of the dog man
tell me a dude
and you can see a good see ya
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty when they start calling me dude then you know
she has a lot of people here
and uh... five pound what is it pound five sixty for a reason and so your
wireless whatever those lines are you know what they are
w.a.m. hello
my brain is mush
yeah no kidding
can you tell
w.a.m. hello
so i can go to plane
you first he is a bomb
w.a.m. hello
uh... sushi or anything
and
excellent sushi is great what a good idea
and we know somebody who eats sushi i don't want to like uh... start you know
getting a personality things like that
or there's a hint
sushi
see i guess people are like kind of like
the limit like that
they do she because they think that if everybody knows that you to see a lot of
me you know it gives the impression that they're smart you're like fraydo
that's not that smart
like that
like our fearless leader
ruler
of course it's favor ofえて
I wanted to ask George.
You wanted to what?
Aksney.
Huh?
You wanted to what?
I'll never get asked.
Oh, I see.
That was it.
I'm a little slow.
He loaned him that machete over there on a counter.
He wants to put you out of your pain.
He understands a lot of your problems.
And believe me, there are multitudinous.
Sure.
WDQ-YM, hello.
How are you?
Pretty good, pal.
How are you?
Well, I'm fine.
Can you inherit holidays to you?
Yeah, listen.
Now, for the poor poetry, life poetry.
Oh, that's very fabulous.
Hey, listen, Neil.
I don't know what would be a worst punishment.
That Joe Lieberman is destroying the little spine.
The little spine is the most left of the Democratic Party.
It's just ridiculous.
As to George Bush's poor number, it's the media.
They were driving this.
When he hit rock bottom, they were already
expecting about the comeback.
The comeback.
What are you going to do?
They haven't even started to come back.
They were making stories with a comeback.
Yeah, the comeback kid.
Yeah.
How come was the comeback kid?
How do you see that?
What are his all inspectors growing his hair back?
All right.
How do you see that?
How was the Democrats who will have been harder
even than the Republicans?
They come back and then, you know, separate them from them.
They should be joining him.
You know something.
The Democrats have a death wish and not just for themselves,
but for the country, just for their ones.
They're the ones.
Do you think he's at the country?
He said, I wouldn't hit him.
I would hit him.
I would hit him.
Because nobody stood in his way.
That's exactly why they're the fascists they're doing it.
They're the fundees because nobody's standing in their way.
Oh, speaking of Greg, Greg, yes, nation without the organizers
makes huge old climbers fight.
Okay, see you there.
Mom, we know that.
That's for Dan Scher, I'm the pivot man, baby.
Trust me what I tell you to talk about the pivot raises.
I'm the pivot man.
And this show is the heart and soul of this radio station.
We are the enablers.
We're enabled into playing our silly little ballgame stuff the other 20 hours
of it.
And he knows that.
I don't forget that he said to me in the hallway.
It was on the way to the tea room to take a massive, well, whatever,
to take a massive Greg.
And he said, well, you know, we never had any numbers before you came here,
which is a little bit of a stretch.
Hank did have one or two pretty damn good books when we were still over at Paxton,
but nevertheless, generally speaking, that was correct.
The numbers were not in Joel's league.
It's pretty tough to get that low, but they were pretty weak.
Like Al Martino's voice in the Godfather.
That's correct.
Yeah.
So here we are.
And what do we get for it?
Not much.
We're not much.
All we get is a nice paycheck.
Some of us, not you guys, but some of us.
Some of us.
And tomorrow is Payday Clarence.
Didn't have Clarence in it this morning, so I could remind him.
And when Muff was in, I kind of let him slip by again.
Because he was too busy starting rumors.
No, he wasn't.
He wasn't starting any rumors, Greg.
I'm just joking.
He was.
All he said was that they had to lunch Greg in the amomite store.
He doesn't know anything, which I know is a lie.
You're lying, Greg.
Whatever your name is.
Oh, there's Arlen Spectre talking about the pay-through that compromise.
Not perfect, but acceptable.
Well, what we do.
Provision.
That there is a conclusive presumption.
Like I said, he was a little bit better.
He got about four follicles back, but he sounds like he's on death's door.
Yes.
I sure hope nobody knew where I'm at the moment.
I never thought of it.
I'm 16.
18.
I'm at 16.
This is low-how, David.
This is dirty.
I want to be a sportsman out of town.
I know.
We got business over here.
Okay.
This upcoming darkened season is going to be a famous wonder and fully tackled with junior
soul.
That's loud.
That's how so.
Is that so?
Hola, Juna, both wrong.
E-T-C.
E-T-S-O.
No.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
C-O-C-O.
Hey, ain't so.
Cool.
Here go ahead in.
With the holidays season upon, you and Emily and I have decided to step out of the
carotid.
And spread the legs of Joyce around you.
You come to pick those who hear, come to pick those who suffer not as now.
Like for me, it would have been a whole day if I lived to my heart.
I could do around the Hanaka bush for getting high on a high holy day.
I could do around the Hanaka bush for getting high on a high holy day.
I could do around the Hanaka bush for getting high on a high holy day.
I could do around the Hanaka bush for getting high on a high holy day.
I got another good choice for the poll.
Yeah.
Classical music.
All right.
You know, it takes so.
You know, it's never enthusiastic about that.
No, I like it.
But, you know, I don't care what they're like.
Classical music is for soons.
Well, at least you say something.
You listen to classical music while you're watching Jeopardy.
Yeah.
I'll sing some wall on me and sushi.
Excellent.
There you go.
And what do you hear, Trin Gray, so fast?
I'm so excited.
And that out in front of the score.
Gary late in stores the goal 15.8 seconds left on the power play.
Heartbreak City and Big D stars lead at 43.
I may never speak again.
Giving new meaning to the term speechless, I may never speak again.
Can we hear that one mode time?
Montedore tries to clear and pan.
Modano's behind the net out in front of the shore.
Here he waiting in scores the goal.
15.8 seconds left on the power play.
Heartbreak City and Big D stars lead at 4-3.
Was it better that time?
I tried to support the world.
He was a good guy.
He was a big fan.
He was associated with the team.
He was a big big hangout.
I said, hey, I heard some pieces.
He was doing a wonderful job.
He tried to roll a pad on the back.
But he didn't get it.
This child needs somebody to sit down and give him some assistance.
Explain to him how it's done.
He sure don't get it.
It's like a pixel in child if you ask me.
I want to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
I'm going to keep drawing on it.
5.6705.60.
05.60.
Maybe I think this guy had too much...
Logan David, if you ask me.
Maybe some man is shevets.
What do you think?
What's that real cheap wine?
Logan David.
What do they call it?
Boon.
They're very good.
Grandma Boon.
Some of that grandma Boon.
In fact, it's always good idea to stare at some of that grandma Boon in the box.
Deputy QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
I need a telephone number of lawyers for defensive driving.
The lawyer for defensive driving?
The lawyer for speeding tickets.
Oh, speeding tickets.
What's that kind of defensive driving?
How old are you, sir?
34.
34, my ass.
Yeah.
Come on, I want to get a number.
What, a hundred and do you leave the one off, 134?
Seven times for your...
How old are you?
79.
Get off the road.
Are you out of your mind?
Oh, my God.
I'm out of here.
Park it, pops.
Watch the number for defensive driving.
The only defensive driving tip I got is stay away from the old woman.
Old parts on a highway there.
All those old cockers like this guy.
34.
Yeah.
134 years old and he's still driving.
Just like my mother, she gets a six-year renewal.
I wouldn't be surprised if he gets another one a couple years.
He's been dead for a year and a half.
That'd be funny.
Yeah.
Hey, listen.
She got a six-year renewal without even going back for our vision test anything.
In the mail.
In the mail.
She was 90 at the time and gets a six-year renewal in the mail.
Let's floor it and you wonder why the driving is what it is?
I don't wonder.
She could have been deaf dumb blind.
No legs, no arms, no head.
And they sent it in the mail.
Oh, here, no problem.
Okay.
In fact, I hear the new deal is because they want to save on a paperwork.
You just get your new license in a crackerjack box.
Give me.
In fact, even by the crackerjack for 50 bucks in the Marlin game.
Oh, man.
That stands in Delilah and Deluria.
They are something.
They're Delurious.
I think I just came up with a new word.
They're Delurious.
They've got to be out of their minds.
They're going to have lawsuits up the Yin Yang having a fire sale, the team that they're
just like a triple A ball joint.
I'm a good partner.
Triple A ball club.
Like a gigantic forest fire just blazing through the locker room there.
And all of a sudden what was once a proud competitive major league team that was right in the
wild card race to the last couple of weeks.
All of a sudden it turned into triple A.
Maybe double A.
I'd say double A.
Really sad.
Well, we want a stadium.
We want it.
We want it.
We're not going to put up a whole lot.
But we want it.
You see, I got news for it.
If they wouldn't have wasted all this money the last couple of seasons, maybe they could have put that money in with a more moderate payroll.
They could have had the 80 million that they needed for this other deal with Wayne.
See what I'm saying?
What he said.
I'm saying they could have done it if they would have been like a little bit of foresight.
But these these billionaires always expected from the same routine.
We're leaving.
We're leaving.
You better do it around.
We're leaving.
And then always somebody pulls the last minute back to a deal.
Like that Mickey Erison, man.
I slipped the Mickey to all the Mayor Peony, Peony, whatever it is.
Wow.
Teeny Weenie.
Just tragic.
Well, Pacquiao, a bunch of Salami sandwiches.
We'll get you some subs to go from subway.
How's that?
I think it fits in perfect.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Teeny, how are you doing?
Pretty good, Pali.
So, do you need to be a parent?
You should play Goliath.
Third goal.
Tying goal.
You'll see how exciting he is.
So we can hear the difference.
Well, what does that mean?
To see what he has.
To see how good he could be.
Okay.
Well, let's do that.
Can we find out how we're going to find that?
I'll find one.
Okay. We'll find it.
Well, let's find one of the Panther goals when they made that big comeback.
You work on it.
You probably found the Goliarchive in the audio ball.
That's what it doesn't crash before we get a chance to play it.
It's not a question of being feared.
This is the second time a firm called a goal.
I was a game winning goal or turned out to be.
And just like because it's the other team like,
I'm pissed off, Gene.
They score and I'm going home.
And then you can't call a broadcast that way.
This guy's trying to defend it.
This guy's trying to defend it.
You got a hot date with Goliath when it comes back from the road trip or what, sir.
But we'll play it.
Just to be fair, my ass.
What is it?
The John Lennon business.
Look at those people who've been dead for 25 years.
And there at the strawberry fields memorial.
Let's hear a little bit of that strawberry field.
In fact, you know something?
Yeah.
How do you like that for service?
Lovely.
Of course it's Darryl's strawberry, but close enough.
Let me take you down.
So there you go.
So you were killing that up or what?
Because we're going to do the break.
He's searching.
He's uh, yeah.
Well, search it.
Search for a good call by Goliath.
Selecting glasses.
We can be fair just to show you.
Boy, as if this crowd gives a crap about hockey or the pantries or about broadcast is rating like that.
All they care about is just getting to another day and South Florida.
And there's that Mariah Carey.
That's really scary.
I could have been here in America.
Oh, God.
He's selling any trillion.
And that's what's wrong with the world right there.
Is that bitch's selling records?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
Hey.
I am Raul Yuleana.
Ross Lateman.
And I like rubbing my smelly grilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe hey, I'm gonna use the hour.
The guy is.
Step aside, Tara Banks.
There's a new reality show wheeling in the town.
I'm very flinch welcome to your America's next hot black model.
When these beautiful young women fall out of the running to become a supermodel,
the world's most famous hustler is Ada Katsum.
Tell me about yourself.
My name is Madison.
I like sushi of noodles.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Loose the sweaters.
Watch America's next hot black model for an hour of glamour.
Excitement and skin.
On second thought, let's ditch the glamour and the glamour and the scams.
The models are hot black and Larry Flint's the gravity is bottomless.
Ginger and Ronda, you're the final true contestants.
I have one question before the duper.
How come you haven't been able to help with each other yet?
America's next hot black model.
Right after, a premise, Jenna Jamison, only on TNTNA.
All right.
12.01 a.m.
Love that Larry Flint.
Oh, we can't talk quite that well.
He's one of our very favorites because he's a pervert and we like perverts, okay?
He's the antithesis of all these wingnuts, all these funnies.
He put the fun in FUNBY.
900 won votes are arranged just 12.01.
We got one of them, Geldie calls or not.
I got some calls from last night.
I'll just play you what you got.
Oh, there's bottom of the circle.
Horton, back up top, vice over the yoked and only.
It gives it to Robert Towent in front.
The pass comes back to the top of the circle for vice back to the yoked and shot.
Same rebound as loose.
Where is it they score?
They jam at home.
And the Panthers have tied the game at three.
Oh, my goodness.
Gracious.
Husband and Terry Shabo retaliates with lines of political group.
What are you laughing about?
Oh no.
Yeah, exactly.
That's exactly my sim...
Where is it?
Oh, jeez, holy man.
Wow.
You know something I take back.
Anything else I ever said before.
I just don't want to be associated with anything you do with that organization, with him, with that thing.
I mean, this is just...
This market is so bush-league, man.
It's pathetic.
We want to apologize.
I mean, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Anyway, I didn't say a thing.
Anyway, I didn't say a thing.
Okay, don't tell any more of those.
Please.
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
You sure I got them all right?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I was Sixth vertigo.
you were nuestro drivers.
you were für das negatives.
Everyone was thirsty.
even merciful.
people were thirsty.
But during the walk in the German
Germany Hannibal winning one can
raise money for television and radio ads direct mail campaigns to pay for Michael Shivaldo
speak against candidates in their districts it will get involved in federal and state campaigns
and a partridge in a poetry.
But it goes on and on.
Let's see, Republican Tom Gowder who serves as the state's chief financial officer issued
a press release in support of keeping Shivaldo alive is the opponent attorney general Charlie
Chris stay out of the case.
Hey Charlie.
You're fairie.
How do you like that Charlie Christ?
Oh brother.
Oh speaking of that.
Yes, the next story is about your buddy Mel Gibson.
Mel Gibson speaking of the passion of the Christ.
I am so just nauseous.
Although if you play another one in guilty calls, I'm going to the last one was not too bad
except for the fact that he had no idea who was scored the goal until I first shot on
goal again from a circle and other sticks say by Roberto Malongo at the point they score
a school was frozen in on goal and may have been deflected.
Either way Dallas is scored again and was 750 to go in the first.
Now see that wasn't too bad.
Oh my.
Oh my.
So you see if we another was if we keep playing enough of more find out when it was acceptable
not good necessarily but at least it was acceptable.
Not for head for stew barns.
Oh.
Sends daily and he cuts it right out in front of backhander any scores.
I'll see you there you go.
Oh, I don't know how that one got by Roberto Malongo.
Well I neither did Jacques Martin that's why he knocked him out of the game but nevertheless
now see that was good.
I told you if you played about 50 you get a good call that's the way it should be called.
Don't have to get hysterical when the other team scores but you got to make a little
or something especially when it's a road game and the crowd is like that you can't just
hit it.
He's going like that thing at the end of the game and the ends of the game are what
you can't handle.
Okay the end of the game.
No no.
Not no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
Stop.
In the name of numbers.
Hey man Mel Gibson.
Oh seriously you keep playing that one.
See I think somebody's on the payroll now with those guys across the street and very
jackass I think somebody else is on the payroll.
I think it's sabotage.
Mel Gibson to produce Holocaust miniseries.
This is just he is everywhere.
Man he's like a disease.
He's like a big gigantic growing tumor.
Out of control just like a lie.
Just he's got his testicles and tentacles all over the entire universe.
Mel Gibson.
How about who Gibson?
He was a real hoot.
Mel Gibson who's passionate to Christ was assailed by critics as an anti-Semitic passion
play and whose father's been on record as a Holocaust denier has a new project underway.
A non-fiction miniseries about the Holocaust.
Maybe Daddy can help him with the script.
Gibson's television production company is developing a four hour miniseries for ABC
or new religion network based on the self-published memoir of Florey Van Beek, a Dutch Jew whose
Gentile neighbors hid from her Nazis, but all several relatives in concentration camps.
Florey Van Beek, a real geek.
Quinn Taylor, ABC senior vice president in charge of movies for television and the religious
division, ignores that the attention getting value of having Gibson test to a Holocaust
project was a factor.
Controversy's publicity and vice versa Taylor said.
ABC brought in Gibson's company, Khan artist productions, what a perfect name.
After independent producer Daniel Sladek pitched the network on Van Beek's story, where
their husband Felix Van Beek survived the sinking of a passenger ship by a German mine,
followed by three years in hiding during the German occupation of Holland before immigrating
to the US in 1948.
On today's poll we could put the US turned the ship St. Louis back with all of them over
Refugees that they want to die in a concentration camps, but there's no easy way to put it
on there and nobody knows what we're talking about anyway.
The thing St. Louis is in misery.
Right.
The network chose Gibson's company when it learned of Van Beek's story shortly after ABC
had rejected a separate pitch by Khan artist President Nancy Cotton for another Holocaust-related
subject here, as they didn't con to that too much.
This has the middle of the love story and that the other one didn't have the explained.
Van Beek's book, Florey's Survival in the Valley of Death, is a wide-eyed account of her
husband's abbreviated core ship.
They were tempted to sail to safety in Chile, the sinking of their ship and their rescue
in Recuperation in England.
They returned to Holland in 1940 and they're suffering and hiding as the deportation
of Jews began.
They were liberated by Canadian troops, but only 52 hundred of Holland's 140,000 Jews
survived the war, coined a Sliders' research.
52 hundred.
And other ones who are left a yesterday out of everybody's way, because they're not too
big on the Jews in Holland.
Gibson is currently filming Apocalypse, though, an adventure sent before the Spanish conquest
of Mexico and Central America couldn't be reached.
Gibson's father, Hutton Gibson, has repeatedly denied that their Holocaust ever happened,
saying before the release of the Pass of the Christ for example, that accounts for the
Holocaust for mostly fiction and asserting that there were more Jews in Europe after WW2
than before.
Gibson is declined on this associate himself clearly from his father's views, according
to Raphael Medov, director of the David S. Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies and
Melrose Pennsylvania, author of the annual study of Holocaust denial.
Reached at his home in West Virginia, Hutton Gibson declined to discuss his views on the
Holocaust.
As to his son's project, he said, I have no idea what he's doing in Franklin, it's
none of my business.
Sladeck 40 was his own father survived the Holocaust as a child hiding in Slovakia as a friendly
van beaks.
So Gibson's involvement could help attract you.
How they do that with Jewish?
The beaks.
That's it.
So Gibson's involvement could help attract a larger Christian audience to the project.
The van beaks were sheltered by three different families of Dutch Christians.
How do you like that?
Praise the Lord, man.
And past the ammunition, let's kill everybody who don't agree with us.
Come on, by the bay, man.
Let's do it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's do the break.
That's what we want to do.
We'll hear a lot more guilty calls.
Not.
The one there at the end though is just it's unacceptable.
I mean, just unacceptable.
So in other words, he's obviously got the ability to perceive what he's supposed to be
doing, but it's just he gets so depressed.
And I understand when you lose almost every game of you, you can't do that.
You can't let your personal emotions get in the way.
You've got to put on a show for the audience out there.
Just like this, just because we maybe pissed off and disgusted and fed up.
We can't let on with the audience.
I don't know what we're pissed off about.
We'll make something up.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Who now is this guy?
And they already see here from the kidnop.
Oh, this is CNN International again.
Well, what a scam you guys are pulling, man.
Another money saving.
So what a scam.
Oh my God.
They open up a pod.
It's like a simul cast and put it in that sporting news network on overnight because we're
too cheap to pay somebody to do a live show.
Good.
Golly miss Molly.
You know, there's a lot of stuff going on around that place.
If we maybe sell some of them, we're like, we're always watches.
And we can probably afford to pay somebody to maybe even Josh Mendo over nights for like
20, 30 bucks an hour.
What are you saying?
530, man.
1213 at 560 WQAM.
Rich room filling sound from your iPod.
But it's the power of the Bose Sound Doc digital music system.
It brings the music on your iPod.
The light even charges your iPod while it be playing.
Sound invasion says you're bound to love what you hear.
And that's because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most from the music
on your iPod.
The system is friendly with iPod.
iPod mini.
iPod nan and when iPod with video.
It's slick appearance stylishly blends with your iPod almost any room decor.
It's easy to use.
It even comes with a remote that controls the sound doc system and basic functions of your
iPod from across the room.
Left the room filling sound of the Bose Sound Doc digital music system delivery brand
new iPod experience.
And certainly iPod stick that baby in there and hear what happens.
Experience the sound doc today at tweeter or sharper image or target at circuit city Comp
USA Apple or Best Buy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 WQAM.
Wait a second we got a little problem.
I'm holding just relax.
No pressure.
No pressure.
Man it's the QAMF and no pressure.
Oh here we go.
Neil Rogers got.
In ordinary day.
We can make sure when you get there that we can.
Look out.
Are you alright?
I think so.
A car accident.
Millions of people experience this unfortunate incident every year.
One insurance company has you covered.
So when accidents happen, when disaster strikes, think.
Shit happens.
As it happens insurance, we know there are some things you can't control after all.
Shit happens.
We got a lot of heavy rain when the storm blew through it.
Fluttered my basement, cost thousands of dollars and damaged.
A lot of my belongings.
Who's devastating?
But then I remembered.
Shit happens.
Shit happens insurance covering your family when accidents and disasters strike because
we know.
Shit happens.
Shit happens insurance.
It happens insurance.
A subsidiary of holy shit incorporated.
You bet.
I see a county with two of those in there make it more exciting.
Yeah.
1219 at 560 WNQ and we got the molemyster at 2.
We got mad doggy at Seminole Hard Rock casino between 4 and 7.
We got slots coming baby.
If you check the local news, you better turn it right now.
Although it's probably too late.
Check it for what?
To see if the senate and the house, the Florida senate and the house have voted and finalized
that slots bill.
A lot of guys out there in this audience are very concerned about slots.
One way or another?
Yeah.
It doesn't need any.
Okay.
Let's see.
Winehouse defense, Scott Marshall shooting death on our man.
I mean, well, we, and they still got the same stalemates to a legislative deal.
6,000 slot machines and powered by mid 2006.
That's 1,500 each of the four joints.
One killed on a five car crash.
I-75 and he are by our vital parkway.
Oh, that's bad.
That's right by the Cleveland Clinic.
Oh, clear out.
Living against God's will could lead to the end of the world of the Pope.
Born.
Here we go.
Now we got a story.
Now and demand for taller Christmas trees.
See?
The guy, I'm really what?
They went like 25 foot tall Christmas tree so they can like shadow over to those little
teeny-weeny menoras and all the other chotchkes that everybody else has got.
Pope Benedict and Nazi Pope born today that man's refusal to submit to the will of God will
lead to the destruction of the world.
You thought the last one was crazy.
Oh, no, nothing.
You got to see that.
That's South Park.
The comment was made as he celebrated a mass to mark the 40th anniversary of the
conclusively second Vatican Council which sparked modernizing reforms in the 2000 year old
Roman Catholic Church and they finally said, hey, that Galileo, he wasn't a bad guy.
He certainly was gay.
But other than that, he never stood afraid of the great trend.
Galileo?
Yeah, Galileo.
And then of course that Michael, a man who abandons himself to God does not lose his freedom
Benedict XVI said, but if we live against love and against truth against God, then we're
destroying ourselves, we're destroying the world he warned.
So evidently in his, in his, myopic view of the world, there's no room for people who
aren't binding to his God, see?
Or his particular brand of relief.
Right.
His brand of nicotine.
I wonder what brand of tea he drinks.
Or, oh, great.
The same one is that the other pro, human history was like a battle between man and the
serpent, the battle between man and the forces of evil and death.
The man and the serpent, he said, oh, yeah, here we go again.
They're always obsessed with those serpents, aren't they?
Yeah, they always grab, grab, grab them with it.
Especially if a little boy's got a hold of it.
Man doesn't have confidence in God, but it said he nurtures the doubt that God ultimately
takes something from his life that God is a competitor who limits our freedom that we
can't be human beings without casting him aside.
God is a competitor.
He's always testing us.
Why?
Because he's, he's sadistic.
He likes playing games.
He's bored.
I mean, if you were up there all the time, hang on.
Yeah, man.
But the liberty of being a human being is the liberty of a limited being he had.
I see, at least in his mind.
Probedetic also decried what he called the mistaken idea that leaving a virtuous life
was boring.
Oh, yeah.
Especially when he had a chance to alter so many boys.
During a Solomon anniversary ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica, why do you think they call
it St. Peter's anyway?
Well, don't call it.
Better to use his family to talk about use of freedom in its relationship with evil.
Evil, the evil doers.
He started to sound more like W now, only more articulate.
But then again, man, he's so as Terry Shivell.
Man nurtures this suspicion that God at the end of the day takes something away from
his life that God is a competitor who limits our freedom and that will be fully human only
when we've sent him aside, he said.
Sounds like every Peter said the same thing he said before.
There emerges the in us this suspicion that the person who doesn't sin at all is basically
a boring person that something is lacking in his life.
The dramatic dimension of being autonomous that freedom to say no belongs to real human beings
the potter said.
You see, this is the problem.
How come he's not speaking out against the war and about all the innocent people who
were dying?
What's even me that if this is the thing as a sin, make it up a bunch of lies so we can
die and get in the name and have their lives destroyed, that's a sin.
Not going out and doing a little hanky, punky, okay?
With somebody of legal age, by the way, Papa.
Oh, they don't go for that.
No.
It remarks after the mass, better that urge people to overcome the temptation of a mediocre
life made of compromises with evil, the devil.
You're wrestling with that serpent.
Vatican Council 2 with his call for end, you better be listening, Josh Cordis.
You wayward sinner you.
Backslider.
Follow away from the church.
That's right.
Backslider is right.
Backslapper and backslider.
That's what Muff said.
Vatican Council 2, but a bit, but a bit, but above the Council's reforms allow a mass
to be celebrated in languages other than Latin folk songs and guitar playing were permitted
and priest at the older face congregations instead of having their back to them.
Oh, now I think there was something symbolic there when they put two in their back to you.
Back to you.
I think there was sending you a sublibble message.
Yeah, I get it.
Yeah.
The Council called for efforts to bridge differences between Catholics and other Christians.
It also produced a document which the Catholics used to be poured anti-Semitism.
Of course, all those Jews are going to die anyway, but nevertheless, I'm reputed.
What is it?
The ACV charge that blame Jews as people for Christ's death.
What is that?
The ACV?
I don't know my Latin like I used to.
Well, you better get, you better, I had three years of land and I never heard that word.
The ACV My Ass.
Domino for Biscum, baby.
Yeah.
Domino Nabisco.
Benedict described the Second Vatican Council as the most important ecclesiastical event
of the 20th century as he gave the angelous blessing in St. Peter's Square on the holiday
of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary.
The Frickian Virgin Mary, it's the Immaculate Conception, my God, you bloody lunatic you.
Since the Council, he said Mary had guided the Church on the road of the authentic conciliatory
renewal through tireless work of the faithful interpretation and the implementation of
the Second Vatican Council.
And he said it gets wet and damp out of that overpass in Chicago too and she made that
great sacrifice as well.
After the angelous, the Pope bless the Olympic flame.
Oh, the Pope they said is flaming.
I believe that.
Now we're finally starting to get a little truth.
What time South Park on?
I don't know what time you get it.
I'll check.
But it's on probably Friday night, Saturday night.
No, I'll, I'll, I'll P.V.R. record it.
The Pope bless the Olympic flame which arrived in Italy Wednesday, headed the Winter Olympics
to be able to tour in in February and all them hockey players are going to be there.
They're going to be like doing all kinds of hanky, cranky and spanky over there.
You know that.
Oh, those bottom of us.
So I'm going to go out if you put that guy up here one more time.
I will call my bank right now.
I'll stop payment.
I'll check.
I haven't even written yet.
How do you like that?
Man.
It's just the notion that you can just take somebody in the show money and all of a sudden
poof you're in a, I can understand if it was like in Kalamazoo, Michigan, if it was
in Batavia, New York, if it was like a Hershey, Pennsylvania for the Hershey Bears or something
like that, a minor league team.
But then it was supposed to be a supposed to be and I underline that I'm fatically supposed
to be a major league market.
A top 10 top top to something market, top 10,000 market.
And all of a sudden, hey Jimmy, you're a football announcer.
Hey, Gilda, you're a hockey announcer.
Hey, Mo, you're a human being.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 62 A.S.
Even loves Neil Rogers.
Oh, personally, personally.
Now the show's depend on you.
And the powers you pose at.
Since you saved his life, when you're fighting scissors, right?
He's got a job where you have to do.
Oh!
There's a better you.
There's a better you.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your doom.
We take the underjuts and pull through some light yet.
But then you go to our old friend.
Who's with the speed of our good sound?
Take the bad guy straight to hell.
Winnipearl rings our cue with your leaving friend we know
Your expression flows like a ball.
From 32 a.k.a.m.
So let's talk about the Vestal Virgin show.
Speaking of versions?
Yes.
That South Park episode is on 10-10 if you want to watch it.
Oh, it's on tonight?
Yeah.
All right.
Excellent.
In fact, during the next break I'm going to make sure I got a pvr to record.
I'm just amazed that they went there.
Well, good.
I'm ecstatic.
They're the best.
Absolutely the best.
You got me so well, how come I've always seen the movie?
Right.
But I can't actually act and get the TV shows though.
Can I and TV shows?
Well, the TV shows haven't always been as...
I don't care.
Brave as they are now.
This season has been spectacular.
I see it.
There's a good bleep in this.
Oh, Jesus.
Are you f***ing kidding me?
Yeah, there's a good one.
That's the good one.
Is that the one you were talking about?
Yeah.
That's the one we call.
Oh, Jesus.
Are you f***ing kidding me?
That's a beautiful bleep.
What are you talking about?
Oh, get out of here, man.
What was the one that you put a bleep in?
One that was like a...
Like a one from HCN that day.
After the word was said.
I do it like...
Hey, yeah!
After the word's out of their mouth already.
That's an audio bleep in this.
Good, good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll find one that doesn't happen.
Then you'll have to hit the button and all this other stuff.
What we got buttons.
Yeah, we got buttons, man.
We got like 70,000 dump buttons.
Now, thanks to the Howard Stern Show, man.
There's a real good...
We can tell you stories, but we won't.
Not today.
Maybe we won't get closer to the holidays.
How's the pull coming?
I've actually been moving down a thousand votes and just with...
See, it's not even a hardship anymore.
Now that we got...
I got another one for the pull by the way for tomorrow.
Chess.
Okay.
In fact, I did a Google search and I had already written that down in the first thing I came up with on there.
The only one is a matter of fact so far.
Chess, just putting it, but if you watch other people play it.
Yeah.
Then...
I'm really a ced.
How about in that movie?
The Mad Damon movie with...
What's his name?
The Midget.
With the...
The Midget.
Yeah, Jude Law.
He's a midget.
He gives up to your kneecap.
He has...
He has four elevator shoes because he's really a very short guy.
But nevertheless, Mad Damon City.
He was short.
The talented Mr. Ripley?
The talented Mr. Ripley.
When I remember they were playing chess, he had the chess board on the back.
Yeah.
And Mad said, oh gee, I'm really cool.
Can I get in there with you?
Well, they didn't have PlayStation back then.
Is that what it was?
How about an Xbox?
In fact, don't you remember that's what they got?
It was an Icebox.
Oh, sorry.
Remember that that was also in the movie?
That's what Madj won.
It was an Icebox, as opposed to whatever he was getting.
Some stupid car.
What's America's most shameful event?
Slavery, 221.
We got 900 E3 votes.
We'll have a thousand before the next break is over.
How do you like that, boys and girls?
Oh.
Mark it down.
I'm sure a lot of you keep on a diary on this.
And I'm sure Joel is doing it.
Oh, jeez, you're getting all the...
I mean, somebody must be listening.
Yeah, there are a lot of people listening, okay?
We have more people listening right now at this moment, Joel Feinberg.
Then listen to your entire station in a year, okay?
Right now, this second.
There are more people there on the side of my agitated,
certainly old voice that are going to hear the crap you're putting on here in the next year.
And let me say again,
Boog turned it down to a Metz job.
There's something wrong there, man.
There's something doesn't meet the eye.
There's an aroma.
Ooh, man.
There's something really stinko about that.
When you're agreeing, yes you do.
Yes.
What's even George, who would know the Metz if they invaded the studio right now?
If Mike Piazza came and sat on his face.
What's America's most shameful event?
Slavery, 224.
Master of the Indians, 192.
The fixed 2000 election, 189.
And it sure was.
Thanks a lot of year about Captain Harrison at plane?
In Vase de Barraque 172,
Clinton impeachment 60, segregation 40,
the Vietnamese war is only going to be...
Stop, please, please.
...and said.
What it is that also based on that gulf of Tunkin resolution,
which we now know, based on the memos we told you about there.
A total fabrication, a total lie.
There was no American ship attack.
It was all a lie as a justification to go into an escrow in LBJ.
The thing he did.
Where are we?
Civil War 23.
Only 23?
That was the bloodiest conflict in history of the country in the only 23?
In the Barricade.
My God.
And guess what?
The North still thinks they won.
How do you like that?
Surprise.
Surprise.
Every election time.
Surprise.
Now you may think you won, but we did good old boys.
We're still running things.
They are pigs, we ask, goes 17.
Now you see if this were on another station,
that would have like 45,000 votes already.
Come onista, come onista, come onista, yadi, etc.
We don't have any of those people out of care.
What you say.
We have none of that crap under those people.
Well, what do we have out of those people?
Those people?
I mean, those would be in teeth to play dominoes in domino park all day long.
They don't speak English and wouldn't be able to get any if they could.
Right, and where Guaya bears that are like ten sizes too big?
Those people.
Oh, you're right.
The McCarthy Witch on 12, Joe McCarthy, hey Joe.
You fairy.
Hey, I'm right calling.
You fairy.
Hey David Cheyenne.
You fairy.
Anyway, Watergate 8, Japanese, well, and David Cheyenne actually got married and had a family,
which is really kind of sad because they were chasing them all around and just never worked out.
So you David Cheyenne.
Watergate 8, Japanese internment camp 6, invasion of Haiti 6, Iran, country 6, Salem witch trials 4,
Sultimentic Quattro, invasion of Grenada 1, and the invasion of Panama is still not in there.
This audience figures that anybody that's a zit head like that deserves to get invaded.
Right.
Going to think?
Well, he shows that machete.
998, that's really great.
In fact, like I said before, we go to the next break.
We're going to have a thousand votes.
Just like Tom Hager, not Tom Hager.
What was his name?
Tom Hager.
No, not Tom Hager.
And in network, what was his name?
Bob DuBall.
What was his character?
Hacker?
Very good.
Frank Hacker.
I want you out of here before noon.
If you're not out of here, I'll have you thrown out.
Remember that scene with William Holden?
It was such a great movie.
See, I don't really care any punk that tells me I fell asleep.
You know, something fine.
It tastes in your touch.
That's fine.
Too much booze, man.
It messes up your brain.
It's a great movie.
The acting in that movie is just spectacular.
In fact, that's you to probably have been right up there near the top of the list on that poll.
Whenever we took it yesterday.
When the hell we take that?
Yesterday.
Okay.
It's hard to keep track of that.
We're doing like three polls at a time.
We're doing two of days and two of dolls and stuff like that.
Too many two of dolls.
That's what's affecting your mind.
That's why you can't appreciate real good film.
Don't let it much happiness if you're all bent out of shape.
Oh, no.
So for version in there, I bring you for it.
I said no chance of that.
No.
No, he's not watching that.
Definitely not for you.
I'd stick with like, you know, lassie come home.
Oldie Hauer would be good.
Kind of sad, though.
The network is so much to me, again to me, like the Godfather in this respect.
All the acting performances are sensational.
The lines in almost every scene are memorable.
And what's not to like?
And if the only thing you remember from that movie was...
I'm a man of hell.
I'm a man of hell.
I'm a man of hell.
I'm a man of hell.
That was all you remember.
You would have to say, man, it's fantastic.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off.
Right in the middle of the...
Shit.
Yeah.
He just...
He just...
In fact, I'm going to start doing that, I think, right in the middle of the show.
Right in the floor all you never know it.
I love that.
When we were in like a...
Just a momentary like disconnect around like reaching for a facts back here or something.
Just the facts.
And you go into such a cold sweat.
It's just...
It's fabulous.
It's like a little other reason to be doing this.
And the show from as far away from here as possible.
How's that temperature?
Do you think I'm going to be delivering any more FedEx's to our kincoes today?
I don't think so.
Maybe not today.
It looks...
Man, there's not a cloud in the sky at sunny.
There's not one flake.
What is a lot of flakes out there?
In fact, the temperature is minus two.
Not too bad. It's bombing.
Minus two is like, what, 28?
Yeah, that's going to be.
Yeah, 28.
You better get with your temperatures, Mr. Unro, your Celsius from your old...
Yeah, I don't have to.
Because we live in America.
I see. Well, screw you.
Winch you all. Let's see.
Overnight, minus five with a few flurries, minus five.
Not too bad. Kind of toasty.
Oh, close to five centimeters in the next 24 hours.
Oh, we're going to have some snow on the ground.
We'll see. It's getting close to Christmas in Chinooka, okay?
Do we want a white Chinooka?
Centimeter.
The whole thing.
Centimeter is like a very small amount.
I can't wait to tell you what it is.
I think like five centimeters, they like maybe, I don't know, three quarters of an inch.
Are they close to a millipede?
They're picking on me again.
Oh, look at that Friday and Saturday.
So it's sunny and it's minus two already.
We've already reached the high for the day, okay?
The people here are high.
And the reason if you went out on the street, you'd understand you can smell it.
They're smoking big fat ones and small skinny ones and all kinds of men.
Pin joints.
All over the joint.
And nobody's getting like, oh, gee, they're smoke-ameradjawini, all this other crap.
Because this is not the USA thank goodness.
This is like way, you know, a thousand years advanced.
I am above the law.
See, there you go.
Where's that?
See, now you got me like sidetracked on South Park.
Good, good, good.
That's the idea.
So at 10 o'clock tonight, what is it?
It's on Comedy Channel, MSNBC, ABC, CNN.
Channel 246, 7 and 10.
And whatever you do, don't miss it because it'll piss all the far-biz and can't play.
So this is the new-made Dennis Yolo's baby.
This is 5.62 AFR.
Was the night before Christmas?
The whole house was mellow.
Not a creature with staring.
Because I had my gun under the pillow.
Went up on the roof.
I heard something down.
I'm gonna win that.
Yo, yo, keep it down.
When what's in my wanderer and I should appear?
But the dawn of all elves.
And a friggin' reindeer.
With a slap hit his snouts and a yank on the mains.
You curse any shout they leave.
He called my name.
You're Tony, you're Frankie, you're Joey, you're Vito, he's Paul, he's Vinny, he's Raffle,
he's Guido.
With slick back black hair and a red silk suit.
Don Christopher was here and he brought the loot.
As I drew out my gun and hit by the bed.
He flew through the way and slapped me upside the head.
That's the only thing I can do.
I'm gonna die.
Now all you get is coal.
You're friggin' moron.
Then point in a finger right up my nose.
He twisted his pinky rings and up the chimney he rolled.
Then I hide him yellow.
Why, at least fix that.
My riggin' Christmas wall.
And you've better show some respect.
Come on, boy, first go home.
Oh, kind of cute.
Not as cute as the fascist Christmas, but I can't play that.
It's good thing I auditioned that during a break.
Damn it.
It's got an N word in there.
You better tell your little bald head a chicken neck that we need that again very soon.
He needs to recut that.
Just like find some other word to stick in every side.
The N word, okay?
Brian.
Christ almighty.
We got a thousand votes already.
A thousand nineteen is a matter of fact.
Are you impressed or what?
I'm just blown away.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
A Verizon singular wireless line.
We decided a whole lot of important things today.
We decided we desperately want to stick around because without those bits like wouldn't be worth a crap.
We decided that guilty is not ready for prime time to say the very best.
And we also decided what else?
That it was a contrived deal.
A publicity start over across the street and it's still ain't going to help.
You're still going to have a point.
Oh, oh, especially in midday.
You can find an audience with a search party.
Joel, who you can.
How many QAAM? Hello.
I wonder how long before daddy pulls the program out there.
Yes, sir.
Good. When I started Neil.
Neil, longtime listener, shameless request.
I hope you get on earth.
Did I please hear from young Neil or PC from fembroke pine?
Well, I was supposed to play on the other day, remember that?
Yes, you were.
And I guess I lied or I just plain forgot about it.
Let's say you said if this stage I can always use the nilities and excuse.
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGVA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host, 6-year-old Neil Rogers.
Okay, I guess we're done with Neil.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
So let's take some calls to all of you.
Hello.
There are Neil. How's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, sir, I can't film my subscriptions at a Rochester Democrat in Chronicle.
The good old dance.
What an abortion that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people good life wise.
And they said, no, my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay. Well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fun American. Have a nice life.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yes.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old blue sniff and bed wetter at a pansy.
They call.
So it's been so far.
Did we say pansy?
So let's make it off.
What a mung-brain.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show.
And this guy calls me named.
She'm on you, sir.
She'm on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the New AMP?
Now what are you talking about?
Hey, good morning, John.
I'm a New Nelliam producers in the world and they fit me in here with an egg.
Shut up, my dog.
It's a mucous castle.
Hello.
How do you know you're supposed to be such a nice boy and now you're so terrible?
Yeah, but you can't shut it off.
You can't shut it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from other stations.
Potato, Almira, Freddoria.
But instead, I stay here and entertain you grotesque, sub-huin, Ludovac.
Unbelievable.
To meet the hell.
Oh, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I have to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's not get into that.
Hey, I was listening to Joy Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I wasn't anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right, and do we be true in two?
Oh, she's shot a drop of status.
And if you think he's bad now, wait till he hatches.
Oh, boy.
Okay, when we come back, maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
You think the bird...
Talked it if you want.
So anyway, the Sun's settled.
It's taken this stupid ass pull because of the story.
And I keep checking here to see if they voted yet, but I can't find any affirmation of that.
One way or the other.
legislative leaders have sealed a new deal that allowed 6000 Vegas-style slot machines in four locations in Broward by mid 2006.
The Sun's settled says, will you gamble with these machines?
And there's only four choices there.
No, I don't gamble.
No, I do gamble on occasion, but I don't like slot-playing slots.
Yes, I will play them occasionally, or yes, I'll play them regularly.
They left off, of course, the most popular one.
Yes, I'll be plunging my guts out.
They left that off.
It's wrong with them.
That's a Sun's settled for you.
I mean, they haven't even finished their signed a bill yet, and it's not even completely a done deal.
And already they're like peeing cold water on it.
Will you gamble with these machines?
43.2, they've got 688 responses, although we ought to goose that up a lot.
I already voted.
Yes, I'll play them regularly, even though I won't because I'm not going to be there.
But, you know, I guess, by curiously, I will.
Just find me a good machine, man.
I don't gamble 43.2% will not go.
No, I do gamble occasionally, but don't like playing slots, 12.9%,
so that's like 46.1% there.
But, 34.9%, so yes, I'll play them occasionally, and 9% and 9%, say yes, I'll play them regular.
So that's 44%.
So that's almost half.
That's enough.
If almost half of the public goes out there and takes their lunch money and their bread money and their bus money and their,
money for their kids' school books and stuff like that and just plunges their guts out, that's enough, right?
I will guarantee you that Josh Cordis will be a Gulfstream park.
I guarantee this playing slot machines.
Oh, yeah.
Before the end of next year, you'll be there.
It's right up the street.
It's right up the road, up the Hershey Highway.
Well, I live next to Pom-Penow Park, will they have them?
Like I said, you'll be a Pom-Penow Park.
You really do live next to Pom-Penow Park, or what?
I live in Pom-Air.
You live in Pom-Air, where the median age is depth, and I'm not in that part of it.
I'm in Pom-Air, oh my God.
Talk about aging rapidly.
It must be working on a show that did to a few of you.
He's living in a senior citizen card.
I've been to his complex.
He's got lots of young hipsters.
Not in the condo part right there, right across.
I see more in Melvin, you may not know him well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You live in Pom-Air.
Oh, but anyway, he lives near the close to Pom-Penow Park.
So you can go there and plunge in the slots.
I'll fix you up with a good machine.
I'll talk to my good buddies over there, Pom-Penow Park.
Well, fix your ass real good.
Get him a free meal at least.
And get you a g- there.
I'll take good care of you.
Now that they don't have to feed all Richie,
they can probably feed 20 people now.
Oh, man.
But he did like that kudai dip.
He liked that a lot.
He reminds me of my old friend Buzz Mushon for my selling and selling days,
where I worked for about two months.
What?
Buzz Mushon?
Buzz Mushon.
That was his name.
He looked like he was a perfect name.
He was a big blob.
Blabbo.
And we'd go to breakfast, and he would order pancakes and eggs and bacon and ham and French toast and a small diet drink.
I'm not making it up.
All the time.
All the time.
He would order all kind of enough food to feed the Chinese army and a small diet drink.
Because it made him feel better like he was really trying to cut down by having...
Not just a diet drink, because small diet drink, you know, like an assimil.
Which is not good because you got to wash that 14 pounds.
What is your final?
I can't remember.
Oh, boy.
We hate you, like boys, man.
I'm going to tell you, no wonder his kids are so ugly.
Oh, Jesus.
How many are there?
There's like Julian and Sean.
And Sean.
And they are...
And of course, when you look at the parents, you say, wow, what do you expect them to, like, make beautiful children?
Of course not.
Oh, here we go.
You're starting again.
Well, you brought her up.
At least you don't hear her right there.
The Beal of Argus.
CNN.
Los Angeles.
Oh, great.
There's Strawberry Fields Park corner square.
So let's see now.
If I refresh this, will this...
Is this going to get all screwed up?
Because the sunset will do really funky things on the web sometime.
Oh, you see now it's like hesitating.
It's thinking about like maybe it doesn't even want to pop up on it.
Oh, there it is.
737.
We got a quick 49 responses on it.
And yes, I'll play regular went down as a matter of fact.
See the power of Neil?
Now we got a little under 44%.
It says, it's about the same.
I thought I really care.
If you want to go, that's the one thing.
Nobody's going to have a hook and drag you out the street and force you to play.
Okay?
Nobody forces you to play.
Like last year, right around the same time, and here's this big anti-momolating,
she's just practically in tears.
And I'm playing my machine and she says, I didn't have no idea who she was.
But that doesn't stop people from moving over the mouth when they're looking for sympathy.
They're shoulder to cry.
Oh, I brought $3,000 to go shopping for my kid today.
And I stopped here on the way and I lost it all.
Fool.
And I thought to myself, you idiot.
Like she wants sympathy for me?
Sympathy from the devil.
She had $3,000 and I thought to myself, yeah, likely story, honey.
And she just made a pit stop.
Like she didn't know she was going to lose it.
Yeah.
Like she thought maybe she was going to like parlay it into like 50 grand, right?
I think she's going to brought her kid a nice yellow convertible cat like or something.
Who are you kiddin, honey?
A fool and it's money are soon parted.
What is John Lennon?
My ring's on.
I'm my soulful.
I'm my soulful.
You should ring so it on yourself, honey.
All right, bye everyone.
See you later.
He's still singing.
Look at that.
Yeah.
There, good one, and he's singing.
He's dead, but he's still singing.
More power to you, John.
This.
He's my dad, John.
He's got a gun.
Oh, Christ.
He's 5.
62.
8.
8.
We have, it's got Perl.
And when I'm up in Belkitt, take a slap and all the women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neal Rogers one or two hours.
Yeah, I mean I listen to the Neal Rogers Aaron balance one or two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Returns a center.
Returns a center.
I got a sweater from my grandma.
It was pink and black.
But don't worry, be happy with your painted underpants.
He wrote a line.
Returns a center.
Just send me cash.
Your tanky sweat.
Okay, me or Ash.
I got a food taken from plant pants.
Where'd you put this for my nose?
A mobile old spice.
What did I get a host?
He wrote a line.
Returns a center.
Who needs this junk?
But this is Christmas.
Who really is gone?
He wrote a line.
Returns a center.
Don't need to be rude.
But this Christmas.
I got scruched.
Returns a center.
Returns a center.
It's a 1.03.
Anyway, they've got over 800 votes on here now.
I want to make sure I'm recording the right thing tonight.
I usually throw away 30 and 10.
Let me read you what it says.
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
I'm 30.
Rafares, 7 o'clock, 24, at 7.30.
It's 3.50.
Just for last 8.30.
9 o'clock at Simpsons, 9.30 South Park, 10 o'clock,
10.30 Reno 9.11.
The Daily Show at 11.
Cobair Report.
for, yeah, are you eating again?
We're eating still.
From what?
Tony?
And then South Park, Facebook, University of Best, baby.
South Park is on again at midnight,
and let's see, it says, yeah, Cartman find it.
That's the same one.
But it might be on.
They repeat them over the weekend,
definitely the new ones.
Yeah.
OK.
So in other words, what does it say on there?
What do I have to look for?
They rip the total Catholic church and ask, and then it'll
also, as is the active ingredient.
The 12, they rip the church.
That's the program and that whole,
the statues, bleeding business.
On committor.com it says, stands dad gets arrested
for drunk driving.
Look for that.
How about Stigmata?
If you're out of there?
Stans dad.
Now, comedy central, it says that?
Well, comedy central.com, but you have a different,
like it says this on tonight here at 10.
Yeah.
Well, I can look for it all.
I want them.
I could have five seconds to be on here.
Right.
So I'm saying if you see the little title that tells you
what the episode is about, look for Stans dad getting arrested
for drunk driving.
OK.
Got it.
It'll be on.
This will last.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines.
We got way over 1,000 votes on a pool.
No problem with that.
We got tomorrow's pool building, building to a crescendo.
Name something where someone strictly
for a suit of intellectuals.
We got jazz, Paris, Kabbalah, Kabbalah.
Dennis Miller, the Dave Matthews band, Feth.
The Blair Witch project, Pulp Fiction,
Jeopardy, Sushi, Poetry, Poet, Read Nice Poem would be nice.
Classical music and chess, woo, for suits.
How about the polo?
Polo.
Is that a suit thing or like a blue nose thing?
Well, exactly.
For wealthy suits, man.
Well, these suits play polo.
No, I don't know.
And the policy like the Royal Family,
and they play polo and they bat the balls around.
And some of them actually do it
while they were in their kills, no less.
I heard they were batting birds.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, they are a pound, 5, 60 on the east.
So it's no coincidence that the Nazis are taken
over the world again because when you got the British
Royal Family, there are really a bunch of German Nazis.
I mean, what does that tell you, huh?
That explains a lot.
That's why they had to kill Diana.
Get that bitch out of the way.
She was interfering with all their plans.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Neil, the report about the flood machines,
what is the proposed rate that the Registration
attack set?
50%.
50% is way too high.
Well, you asked me a question.
I'm not here to defend it.
I'm just wondering, does Senate wanted 35?
They wanted a sliding scale up to 55%
and the House wanted 55% flat.
And so they compromised on 50%.
Now, I just don't see the paramutual facilities being
able to turn a profit when the tax is 50%.
It's really well.
Are you going to be?
Oh, they will.
But I mean, it's not going to have those machines as tight
as a snare drum, baby.
Are you kidding me?
It's not the windfall that they were expecting.
The amount of money that was going to revive the
Parabutial Facility in South Florida.
It's going to be nice, but it's not going to be a windfall.
That's right.
You want to know why?
Because it's in Florida.
That's exactly right.
Well, the sad thing is, this is how the Yahoo's up in North
Florida.
That's how they legislate.
They lost the election to get the flood machine.
So they're going to tax the crap out of it.
So the people that they're going to be able to do whatever
they can to try to make it fail.
And so see, we told you so.
They lied about the numbers and much
you do about nothing.
And they're exactly right.
It's just an embarrassing.
Get your bushel.
That's enough.
I'm done.
You'll be OK.
So he's depressed.
I'm not going to tell him.
I mean, I could tell you, oh, it's only 30%.
50% way too high is right.
One, just chocolate.
About one.
About your line.
Oh, it's so typical.
Everything that happens in Florida is a backwater place.
I mean, I don't take any pleasure in that.
Any knock us to somebody would say,
even though we doesn't know what it means.
It's just, it's not good.
It's not good.
It's a backass place.
And nothing good is ever going to come of it.
Because you got too many red necks and too many good old
boys and too much corruption and too much crap and too
many people smear in too many hands.
I guarantee you that if you had any idea, in fact,
just stop and think back when the original thing was on a
ballot.
OK.
I'm not talking about the second election in Dayton Broward
for the voters to decide.
There, and of course, your fat ass governor came and screwed up
a day real good for call, or in flag, or in so on.
Screwed them big time.
I'm talking about when it was originally on a ballot statewide.
And just think back to these Yahoo's who were involved in,
you know, in trying to prevent people from voting for this.
Oh, and as they ran on TV, and it was going to be the end of
the world, and people be taking their lunch money, and
everybody be bankrupted.
All of a sudden the crap then come to find out that a lot of
those people were on a getting paid off by certain special
interest, OK, which we probably don't want to go here because
our, you know, joys will happen over his breakdown.
But you know what I'm talking about.
Yes, I do.
They don't want to piece it up high.
They want the whole pie.
Oh, for me.
That's it.
That's exactly correct.
Now, let me ask you.
I don't want to get started with that again.
You know, he's he's just a sour twist.
If you wanted to like men defensive, do anything.
You can't be nice to him.
OK, he's just a bastard.
That's all.
He said we, you know, you know, across the street they got
a damn a bastard.
We got our own the bastard.
And believe you, me, I never met the other one, but I think
it's a match made in purgatory.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
I know how I started.
Great.
And tried to get through last week.
I wanted to hear the trail that where he does the
Miami Dauphin song, but that's all the Buffalo Bill stuff.
That's a that's a great piece around us.
The girl and the.
I'm going to throw Henry.
You mean feel Henry the bill fights on.
Whoever he is this week.
Oh, but the bill fights on that.
That's just an off especially when that's a good
aim realization of Phil.
Are you sure?
Whoever he's pretending to be this week, especially when you
get into the the banjo, Vince, and all of us into that
big part right there.
It's a whole way.
I played it twice last week because they were playing the
choking gagging bills, but I might just have to play it again.
All right.
I missed it.
I was trying to get through desperately.
The Buffalo has a football team.
The greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks they're great.
I say daily.
Ah, the Buffalo Bill signing out for once.
See what I mean.
So just sing a word.
When you say Miami, when you say Buffalo,
you're a football.
And you're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
Dedicated Steven, the history of human race.
And a Buffalo Bills.
Dedicated Stins.
Stins sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff.
They listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so redneck.
You do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fad?
Here we go.
When the Buffalo Bills are the best team, they
have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times, which is more
than I can say for this, some second phase.
And they're the greatest.
But they really like that uniform.
They share his hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the
helmet.
But I just stand up Buffalo whole bills.
The best football team what I ever seen.
The history of my life, they are the Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The whole gym, Kelly, the greatest quarter back in the
league.
Yeah, everybody, the Buffalo Bills.
Dedicated Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the Stinking, rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pen of Buffalo or a fish?
I told you I keep my honor.
Here is from the Sun Central, baby.
Special session on slots to Medicaid and ethics could end early.
They don't want to overdo it.
You know, they don't want to be overworked.
And Florida lawmakers today agreed on Medicaid
overhaul.
New slot machine regulations and a sweeping ethics
package are poised to end the weeks of this week's
special session of date early.
They're done.
Racing towards the finish line, little plan words, the $2
million settlement for Brevard County's Wilton
Dage, wrongly imprisoned for 22 years.
And a new NASCAR license tag intended to lure the sports
hall of fame to Daytona Beach.
We're also poised for final passage on all the major issues.
Medicaid and slots were in agreement, said House Speaker
Alan Benz, Republican of Panama City,
obviously former in agreement on fat ass governor Bush.
We know about that, but a beep, but a key breakthrough came
early.
They when Benz said the chamber would accept the sentence
demand that any expansion could only occur with approval
of the full legislature.
That's what is that?
Medicaid.
That's not the slots.
It's Medicaid.
This is a very bad article.
The House and the Governor wanted to program to spread
is early out, early out, early.
Similar negotiations cleared the way for slot machine
regulations in Brevard, where voters on spring OK,
the law makers agreed to get a 50% tax rate on what
machines take in.
That's, like the guy said, ridiculous.
With the money you're marked for education, a lot of the
counties, three tracks and high life
front and every 50 and her machines each.
So it's a done deal.
How do you like that?
Nice going, boys, OK?
Now don't make them too tight.
Yeah.
Don't make them too tight.
We want a good machine, my.
Buffalo blows and soda the bill.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
Hank Goldberg.
We're team morning, 7 to 10.
Josh Schuhler is on sports radio, 5.60, QAM.
If you could coach one more game and you could line up,
you know, a competitive team against Indianapolis.
And they're going to face some competitive teams.
The other thing I would do is I wouldn't give up the cheap touchdown.
You know, you watch the game last week.
I couldn't believe I was the first player.
They throw an ADR pass for a touchdown.
So you've got to play like containment type of coverages
and make them earn it and hope that he makes them a spake.
So you get some bad at balls or the receiver gets hit
and thrumbles after the catch.
So you're staying the game that way with a chance to win at the end.
The hammer, Hank Goldberg, 7 to 10.
Sports radio, 5.60, QAM.
Josh Schuhler, 8.
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Lightfoot.
Really?
You bet.
And now Gordon Lightfoot takes his best known song,
The Wreck of the Edmunds at Sheryld,
and Giff Rapset around your favorite carols
to create his new holiday album,
Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas.
You better watch out and hit,
But I'm not crying, hit, but I'm not proud.
You better watch out and hit, but I'm not proud.
Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming to town
with a sleil load of songs like this.
It's Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas,
and you'll want to beat him like a drum
when you hear his rendition of the little drummer boy.
Gordon Lightfoot has compiled the holiday music collection
you'll wish would sing to the bottom of Lake Superior.
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night
when you put on Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas.
119-560-WQM.
Mola Howard Day did the coming along at two.
Got a couple of baseball notes here
that I'm sure Josh will be all whipped up to a friend's event.
I want to apologize to Mike Piazza.
I understand that this deal happened after I mentioned
that he was going to sit on Georgia's face.
It didn't take very long, man.
The power of Neil again.
Bill Coyne.
Mike Piazza's days with the mess are over.
See that?
Well, I mean, you knew that.
The mess declined today.
The offer, or yesterday,
to offer a salary arbitration at a long time.
Catch your cutting test with one of the best hitters in franchise history.
The move was no surprise.
And now the 12-time All-Star is likely to join an American league team
that can use him as a DH.
You know what the exchange stands for, George?
It does a gladed hitter.
No.
Okay.
Does he give me the hind end?
Now, now here's the...
No, that's just the afternoon.
Who cares about Mike Piazza?
Oh, anyway, speaking of Piazza.
Marlon's...
Okay.
Marlon's purge continues as Todd Jones heads to Detroit.
Were you aware of that?
Now I am.
You didn't know about that, huh?
I didn't know about that.
You know something between getting the final story on there,
which we probably had before just about anybody,
because all of you were sitting in the middle of their soap operas and crap.
It's just amazing the power of...
Damn!
...with them.
Thanks to this internet.
Because certainly thanks to the people inside,
there we got no information about anything.
I mean, absolutely,
unless it has to do with a ballgame or some crap,
I mean, some of this does, but nevertheless.
It's just pathetic.
Oh, we're going to get a newswiren, E.L.A.
And we're going to go 50,000 watts.
And we're...
Yeah, right.
Yamama.
Lie and lie and make up stories.
But I'll take the cash.
Tomorrow's payday, by the way, Clarence get with it.
Todd Jones, who's saved 40 games for the cash draft Marlon's last season,
is on the verge of finalizing a two-year contract with the Detroit Tigers,
according to a report on the team's website.
The MLB.com story says the deal for the veteran closers,
suspected to be announced, today believed to be worth about $6 million.
I didn't like that.
A free agent resurrected his career with Marlon's last season,
but I'll be put about...
37 years old returns to the team he played for for nearly five years.
The Tigers had traded him in Minnesota for Mark Redman.
Let's see.
If the season started today, Miguel Cabrero would be the only holdover
from the 2005 opening day starting lineup.
Don Trellwells and Nate Bump would be the Nate Bump, who's an LZ.
Really?
Who reliever?
Well, if you want to call him that.
It would be the only pictures back from last day's opening day staff.
This is not a fire sale.
This is a demolition derby.
This is a forest fire.
They have absolutely eviscerated what used to be the Florida Marlins.
And now you people are stuck with tickets that you don't want.
You're going to have to go to court.
In fact, Norma can't instead of emailing me earlier like he did about...
Oh, here's his chance now he can play for the Marlins because they've got nobody else.
And I emailed him back and said, no, but at least now he can take showers with him.
Instead of that, he ought to be representing all these people.
Call up Norma Kand.
Okay, he'll get a class action suit going.
Just absolutely sue their ass, putting out a phony product.
It's unbelievable.
The players of Marlins have traded one pair of Michael O'ol, Josh Beckett,
Manny Moda.
I mean, whatever it is, what was his name?
Guillermo Moda.
Guillermo, wow, that was...
You don't remember Manny Moda, baby.
You don't know your old pirate's centrivia.
You better get with it.
Guillermo Moda, Guillermo, Carlos Delgado, Luis Castillo, and Paul LaDuca.
The players they lost for agency were retirement AJ Burnett, Jeff Kohnine,
Easley.
Who the hell's Easley?
Damon Easley, that's right.
I was thinking about Mike Easler.
Oh, I hate the way that Elle Michaels used it.
Mike Easler, I said, like, stretch it nails on the fingerboard, like on the blackboard, on the fingerboard.
God, Mike Easler.
Oh, Elle, come on, cut it up.
Alfonseca Valdez, Juan Encarsio, and Carsten Arnazion.
Well, it's got too many salabels in it for me.
Juan Encarsio, Alex Gonzalez and Jim Messier and Jones.
Jim Messier, who the hell was that?
Another picture?
Another picture?
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know if he intended it anyway, but it just crossed my faddle to ask, known as somebody who knows a little bit about it.
About people I'd like to, you know, spend my ego to support franchises, and they're always ready to go.
Oh, if these people would just support the team, well, guess what?
They're ain't no more team.
They ain't no more Marlins.
Okay, to Marlins, as you knew them are gone.
They've vanished right before they put, they smeared on the vanishing cream on a whole team, and they're gone.
Nobody could have dreamed that in such a short period of time, you know, he probably comes up to your kneecap, you know?
He probably about as tall as Jude Law, without the town.
Oh, I forgot to look that up.
What's that?
Jude Law?
How tall he is?
I didn't know it was short.
He's short, believe me, man.
I've seen, well, five, six, seven, well, I don't know if I've seen it, but Matt Damon, I think, wanted to.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, six, the hey, Matt.
You're fairly not fooling me.
There are some people, not that it makes any difference.
It's just fun to speculate, you know, it's no consequence, especially in today's enlightened age in Canada, and in most of the free world, under the USA.
It's five of a lot of places, huh?
He's five, eleven.
Who is Jude Law?
Jude Law?
Well, maybe he just hunches down a lot.
You got it.
Five, eleven?
Five, eleven, according to three sites that I just, I got the impression he was like, uh,
you got to be kidding me.
Maybe he ain't got a tall people all day.
Is that what it is?
Now, you're looking up to right guy, you're looking up to Jude Law?
Oh, he's a little guy.
Oh, Jude Law?
Yeah, I was looking up Jude Law.
Yeah.
Look up to you, mama.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about the Feef Voldemort, Bacarat?
Bacarat?
Yeah.
How about it?
How about it?
Feef, come on.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, ten.
Bacarat.
But it is called Bacarat.
I was always Bacarat.
They do say Bacarat.
I know that.
And he said, that's what we're going to watch out for.
Good choice.
Also, also, since we're speaking of, uh, David, what am I asking you?
I got it right into town.
What about, like, um, is it bridge that's the, uh, on TV now?
Oh, yeah.
Is it bridge or poker that they're playing on TV?
All the playing poker on TV, but which is the one that, like, only, uh, you know, suits play?
I mean, you're asking me.
You're asking me about the normally man's game.
Oh, you mean, like, uh, old maid.
Yeah.
Or, yeah, the fish.
They still have the fish.
What happened to them?
What is Condor Leaser?
Condor Liar.
That's going to be my new name for Condor Liar.
What a bitch.
Anyway, what are we doing?
Are we putting, uh, what poker?
No.
No, it's not a suit game.
No, it's not.
I was talking about bridge.
Bridge.
You said poker.
Okay.
I said, okay.
I said, if you like her.
Anyways, 26 past one.
A Q and we got the mole man standard by it's going to be settling today.
I went to, uh, yeah, go ahead.
It's real quick.
I want to add in that this spot, uh, this, uh, break, it's going to be a little long because I, I got to throw a spot in there.
So it's going to be a five.
Listen.
You know, once upon a time when I was young and foolish, I would have liked me the biggest thing.
Oh, we're doing it.
Listen.
Hey, hey, I'm just letting you know, okay?
If it goes from now till 159, as they say in Ethiopia, Gage is interhated.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516Ga.
Oh, God.
Do you love the delightful sounds of birds in your backyard yet live in constant fear of eating food?
Well, now you can enjoy our feathered friends and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bath.
Oh, hey, look, honey.
It's a brown headed cow bird.
It's beautiful and no longer contagious.
The electric bird bath is wired with 50,000 volts of bird flu or eradicating power.
Look, honey.
It's a white rested night.
Correction deer.
It's a smoldering black press that not has.
And if you order the electric bird bath now, we'll include a free box of polywant and exploding cracker.
Oh, they want to be electric bird bath because dying of avian flu is for the birds.
132.
And I haven't been ignoring your faxes.
I just haven't been getting because I had a paper jam and I didn't even realize that I had jam on it.
Huh.
You're putting jam on it all the time.
Anyway, Joe from Toronto says, go leave school.
Yeah, they're going all right.
They're going down the two.
But anyway, Joe, they're going down the tube.
He says, go to the comedy network dot, which I just didn't.
I thank him very much for that.
He said they show new episodes every Friday at 930.
So I'm assuming that's when you be talking about.
Right.
I said, yeah.
Well, I mean, the one that I'm talking about with whatever the hell I was, was that, I mean, you should know if he wants it religiously.
Right.
Is that old?
No.
Brand new.
No, no, the one that I was talking about.
Oh, no, that's old.
Yeah.
Okay.
He was a new one beyond Friday 930, which is just fine as wine.
Okay.
I'll be sure in the TV or the TV, whatever.
Now, here's some choices for the poll, which I apologize profusely, because one of them might be the winner.
We better get this on there right away.
Nuking, Japan.
Okay.
It says, the most shameful of that perpetrator by the US was the nuclear destruction of the undefended cities of Hiroshima, Nagasaki, which caused the burning death of over 360,000 men, women and children.
360,000.
Not to mention, of course, the birthday text that are going on after like 60 years.
How about the re-election of W for the poll, so to you?
I think the re-election, yeah, that's embarrassing.
You would have been a stole at one, too.
But yeah, that's, I mean, it fooled me.
Never thought I'd say that.
How's that go?
Fool me once, shame on taking it to the end.
Maybe you got it, not taking it out.
Thank you, fool again.
Whatever that is.
And then, of course, the most important facts of all this story is just sensational.
You probably thought I was ignoring these, didn't you?
No.
How long ago were you sending these?
And I also got the one from Susie a second time, so.
I did it.
Yeah.
Well, it's not on the bottom, sorry for sending it a second time.
Who wrote that?
Her.
I don't know why.
Did you send it a second time?
I didn't.
Well, it came through a second time just so we didn't piss off Susie.
Anyway, wait till the audience hears this.
Williston Vermont.
Furlow Killer, Greg Reed.
Rippordely has landed a job working in a hair salon.
Oh, God, fantastic.
Maybe you can get somebody in that joint to give a good haircut for once.
Reed who got out of prison this spring after serving nearly 17 years for arson and murder
is working for best cuts for less.
A salon, a tax corner in Williston sources told the Caledonian record.
Tax corner has part of the 12 corners in Rochester, Monterey Avenue and Witten Road.
Right across from my elementary school, dear Watson.
That?
Right by Wreckheady Corner where Don and Bob's used to be.
All were those the days.
And that frozen custard, mmm, the die for.
I didn't have any ice cream this day because it was a woodbind day.
Is that how that works?
Only one indulgence per day.
I don't eat.
I have my bacon in the morning and I go there on Wednesday right at 2 o'clock and I'm a camp out there
and I'm ready to come home.
I've lost them up or wanted up and I don't eat.
And I came home and I made me a cheeseburger last night and that was all I ate all day after my bacon.
And I hopped on a scale and said, $191.
And you like that?
That's just fine.
So if I went there every day, in about six months I'd be broke but man I weigh about 40 pounds.
Then you wouldn't afford to eat.
Exactly, it would be a perfect match.
Anyway, Greg Reed is the former state representative from St. John's Brewery, Vermont,
who served as one term in the Vermont Hospital for his political career was cut short by a sex scandal
involving a girl who had been a page in the legislature.
Oh goodness.
Oh my god.
A sex scandal involving Greg Reed with a real page turner I understand.
He returned to St. John's Brewery and years later he bought a commercial building on Eastern Avenue
the property housed among other things, a hair salon now run by his ex-wife.
Greg Reed has an ex-wife, well we knew that.
A plan in 84 to collect insurance money on that building led to the arson for a higher scheme
then Reed helped murder one of the two arsonists to prevent that man from talking to investigators.
Reed was arrested on the murder charge in summer of 84 and I guarantee a lot of people are worked for a Q&M
which I think he's killing them.
And until recently he'd been imprisoned.
Technically he is still a prisoner though as a furloughee.
That's a new word.
We just learned one boys and girls a furloughee.
That's for real.
He's now serving time outside prison walls.
He was placed in the cold chest area about two months ago exactly where officials ain't be saying.
During all those years Reed apparently kept up his state license as a cosmetologist.
How do you like that?
So there you go.
So it always really has something you can fall back on.
Greg Reed, yeah.
So that must be connected to some of those stories that are floating all around you know it?
I mean if I had a chance to go to work in a harry salon I think I'd certainly grab it.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Remember what William Holden said to Howard Beale?
Grab it.
You want to be an angry prophet?
Did you now see the apocracies of our times?
Well what's wrong with being an angry part? Well I grab it.
That's a great scene. They're all great scenes but I'm trying to, you know, I'm not going to convince people.
It's just like that crap you started yesterday about, well guys have thicker skin.
First of all let me just tell you something about the guys in this business.
I don't want to mention any names. I don't want to get into personality.
So the guys in this business have real thin skin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is there any debate about that?
No.
Not thick skin.
In addition to which having thick skin means it's tougher so it doesn't mean that you look better longer.
It means that you're like aging faster.
You have your particular taste but nevertheless.
Trust me when I tell you okay?
Whatever you say.
I'm not going to say thick skin and see your obsessed with that for skin.
Right. That's it.
Being Jewish myself.
I dispensed with that literally and figuratively long well.
And then of course I started traveling through Europe and it all decided to make a big comeback.
But it's everywhere.
The unwashed masses.
They're everywhere.
Anyway, 140 votes on the poll. That's good.
I have my taste.
Jordan, if I were you I got a good idea for it.
Stick with the ladies.
Okay?
Trust me.
Oh yes.
Stick with the heat.
You're making the comparison.
But other people can't.
Dad, you're comparing men and women but a straight guy can't.
Also in other words I can't tell a beautiful woman why I see one.
Is that what you're telling me?
No, but see you don't like women.
All right.
I'm listening.
Get this shovel out, Josh.
He's digging a hole here and hop right into it.
You don't like women.
They don't look good to you.
What do you mean I don't like women?
That's not true.
What kind of a statement is that?
Your taste and that is particular.
I have.
Let me just say this to you.
I have the greatest eye for a really beautiful woman.
Believe you me.
That doesn't mean I want to do anything with her.
But I certainly can recognize.
For example, if somebody put a beautiful, no, I thought a good comparison.
Because I can't stand a smell of fish.
Oh, at any rate.
Moving right along.
No, I was going to say I don't.
You know what I was going to say.
Yeah, I just move right along.
Yeah.
If I were a vegetarian, that doesn't mean I couldn't recognize a beautiful juicy rib-eye steak on a plate.
Right.
I might share a tear because I think, oh, I'd shoot.
That used to be like somebody's pet cow, you know.
Something like that.
So I were one of those PETA people like Paul and Linda McCartney.
The point is that men wrinkle much later than women do.
Men's faces start to sag much later than men.
The reason that men age fat lower and that they die earlier is because most of the time there's a woman
who is just torturing them.
No question.
Now do I have to convince you of that?
Here's a guy who's 41 years old and two days.
And he's got not one black hair.
Every hair in his head has been gray for the last several years.
For what's it a lot of time there?
Well, whatever.
Yeah, the ones that haven't fallen down the drain out of grief in the angst or pulled out of the wood.
You're giving me a solid answer.
You should know better than anybody that women kill men.
And that's why when you go into the condos, the overwhelming majority of the people there are widows.
Not widows, they're almost all widows because they put their husbands in the box in the ground and they're still going strong.
There's no doubt.
So there you go.
But I have nothing to do with their face.
Well, trust me when I tell you one thing, I know what I like.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
All right.
I smell it.
Absolutely.
George Bush keeps saying so.
He's improving the US part of the troll.
But statistics out to nearly and folks not going from Mexico.
They're hiding in the trees when they're caught the feds just half-time free.
They get fed by these, but 30 cents from all your neighbors' lawn.
Your neighbors' lawn, your neighbors are bored of death more.
Old men are flat, dumbed, and cheap.
Look like we're being cooked enough for hot tamarinds.
Sometimes I wish I had a fence around me.
But I need a fence from home.
1.25 QA and breaking the tradition of openness that began in 1816.
The Bush administration has without escalation with hell the names of work locations
in about 900,000 of its civilian workers, according to the lawsuit filed Tuesday.
Citizens have a right to know who's working for the government said Adina Rosenbaum,
attorney for the Code Directors of the Transactional Records Access Clearing House,
a research group at Syracuse University who sued under that Syracuse under the Freedom of Information Act to get the data.
Since 1989, track has been posting on the Internet of A Database with the name, work locations, salary, and job category
of all 2.7 million federal civilian workers except those in some law enforcement agencies.
The data are often used by reporters and government watch-saw groups to monitor policies and detect waste or abuse.
Recently, the Union of Concerned Scientists and Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility used the database
to identify and locate U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Sciences for a survey.
Many of the scientists complained of political intervention into their research.
Track used the data to monitor the Bush administration's promise to increase security along the Canadian border after 9-11.
Six months later, track-pawn border patrol agents on that border were up from 231 to just 346.
Another year later, the number had reached 515, but not one was assigned to the Canada Alaska border,
despite Alaska's potential strategic targets.
The New York Daily News used the data to find the names of guards at a federal detention center where prison reviews was alleged.
Another report used it to find the names of TSA guards assigned to New York's LaGuardia Airport to pursue cargo theft allegations.
Secret governors are incompatible with a free government to track co-director's Roath to Federal Office,
a personnel management life February 2 when the agency would held the data, basic information about the employees who carry out the data
and actions of government is critical for a meaningful public oversight, which, of course, the Bush administration is a one.
They are David Burnham from the New York Times reported directs track-swarting office, and Susan B. Long, a Syracuse University professor,
who runs its upstate New York Orifice, the Suwis-Found and Federal Court in Syracuse, in CUS.
OPM spokesman Mike Ornstein said the agency wouldn't come until I had time to review the lawsuit.
It's just, you're living in a Nazi-cushing man and most of the people are oblivious.
Oh, shopped-finished-rock baby, it's a holiday, it's Christmas in Chinooka, and all this other crap.
They always got you busy with some crap. If it's not the hurricane, it's a tornado. If it's not the tornado with some other cacao, you know?
Whatever hell it is. They're torturing me, I'll take it that.
And you're not even here. They're torturing me vicariously by a long distance.
Are we set with this pull for tomorrow? What do you think? I think we got a lot of good players to start.
A good place to start is right at the beginning. Something or someone strictly for pseudo-intellectuals.
It reminds me that it was as I got something only for girls, but anyway.
Jazz, Paris, Cavalai, Dennis Miller.
I said it right, Cavalai. Cavalai, Dennis Miller, Dave Matthews Band, Blair Witch Project, Pulp Fiction, Jeopardy, Succi.
Oh God, poetry, classical music, chess, polo, Bacharach, excuse me, and bridge.
In fact, maybe some of our people could jump off it. I can think of several right now. Bridge.
Are they actually showing bridge on TV? I thought it was...
Oh no, you're the one that said that.
That's the big new thing that people are playing now. Bridge, is that what you're saying?
No, but they have that article in the newspaper about how to move.
And the only people that I know that... how to bridge, yeah, what moves to make.
The only people that I know that play bridge are...
Are you knocking Charles Goren now?
Who? Celebrity bridge. That's a show that was on before you were born.
I've actually book a rhyme that I was talking about. He ain't too boring at Charles Goren.
He had watching people play cards on TV.
That is really... I have no right.
Holy... I rather watch people play golf and I rather be dead than watch that.
But watching people play cards, and of course now the big poker, it's not all over the place.
It's all right now, and you saw it.
Oh, it's good.
It is? Yeah.
On one of the poker channels?
The Doos.
The Doosh, the World Series of Poker.
Oh my god. The World Series of Poker.
Are you serious?
What's big in a serious Howard?
They just had a bad bowel movement.
You got a hand to a man.
He manipulates the media like you're on the end of a string.
Like there are bunch of Mary and that's like in that team America.
I mean, puppets, excuse me, that's right.
Yeah.
He's got him on a string and every time he just pulls the string,
okay, what do you want?
Whatever you want, how?
No problem.
That's the biggest thing he's got going for.
Is the manipulation of the media.
In fact, I would say second-order of the Bush analysis, he's got the greatest control over the media.
He was on the Today Show, the Tomorrow Show, the Tonight Show, the...
He's been all over the place.
Even 60 minutes for Christ's sake.
Not that they do pub pieces on her, you understand?
Right.
But of course, what's his name's been under twice Ricky?
Wasn't he under twice, I think?
Who?
Ricky Williams.
Yeah.
John, yeah, he's been under twice already.
That goes to Shory, the phenomenal job of CBS.
Of course, they've been declawed a little bit.
They don't want to get too carried away.
If they would just take their whole staff, they could save a lot of money there.
They're always bitching about expenses.
They could save a lot of money.
Just repeat the documentaries that the CBC does, eh?
Just take those passionate eye shows and put them on where somebody might appreciate in America
and see what they'll really is going on behind the scenes with all these grave robbers.
With all these people dying based on air, air be single day.
Plenty people died over here, 30 died over there, how many?
Bup-dum-dum.
And four more Americans here and six more over there.
It's like almost 2,200 now.
Air be single day.
And all because they sat and plundered and planted all this crap,
I gave you a pack of lies about mushroom clouds.
How I do like mushrooms.
I love shrooms here.
Man.
You ever have a portabello mushroom that's like a meal, it's like a steak.
Yeah.
That's a big, oh man.
That is just phenomenal.
Of course mushrooms are a fungus.
That's all with that.
Well, if there's a fungus among us, do you think there might be a fungus?
Don't like shrooms on pizza, I will say that.
See, he makes me think of pizza again.
I'm thinking of what's so much.
I might just go to the market and get me one of them frozen pizzas.
I don't eat pizza because it sends my...
All the things that I could eat it sends my blood sugar skyrocketing.
Yeah, I mean to the loon, huh?
Don't.
But it sure sounds good, like one of them D's or no.
It tastes like delivery, but it's not.
It's a little stringy, and it tastes like delivery, but it's not.
How many of you on, I know, you're going to start with that crap again, you know.
What?
That whole pick and chew business.
1171, we got almost 1200 votes on the pool.
We don't need any particular number.
It's just nice that there was no pressure there when I could.
We just eased on up there, and I'm going to leave this on for a while,
because I think that the bombing of the nuclear weapons,
in New King, Japan, only got two votes.
See, that should be zooming toward the top already.
The internment camps has got 17, but I think that those people,
at least some of them, came out alive as grotesques.
Their experience might have been as opposed to the people who got eviscerated
when we dropped the A-bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
We gave the old men's sake to Nagasaki, baby.
That'll teach those young Celestialists, right?
We've told them nothing less of us.
Yeah, we told that freaking hero hero.
Don't be messing with us, okay?
Yeah, Mama.
And that's why the Chinese looks the wooden...
...and the jahts are not so good anymore after the bombing.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516,000,000 of you now.
Two years later, and say it took me a little while.
A little slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
It's a way to...
You are the truth.
Absolutely.
I am here and you are I can't say anymore
They took that for me thanks to no small part for that good midday show guy
Oh, Bokka yeah, yeah, that's the guy who having a hell out of it you met him I did it
Yes, out the hallway I don't know who I don't believe it was let's take some calls and shall we
Prestigious Bud Polya city
Yeah, hi, mom. Yeah, well, you know what he's like when are people gonna realize this?
This is a sports show and nothing else absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sports
Yeah, might away some they paid me to oggle and admit my amen this here is a sofa man a
Batman like this
Millie bears and chats you stole the pizza and you stole the pizza I did not take no pizza
I don't be ridiculous
You stole the pizza I don't know what you're talking about
I don't know what you're talking about
I didn't steal the pizza
No, I did not steal the pizza
I'll see here I ain't no bite by the way
You stole the pizza I did not steal the pizza
You only had one slice they're okay so the whole pie who cares those buns had no power
I was hungry I sacrificed a lot too you know there was no Dr. Brown's just don't
taste the same without the Dr. Brown's that's rudist and that's my own
standard good night and kiss my ass anyway speed a kiss my ass the sun sent
a like jump the gun a little bit because I noticed now they changed the story
The house approved it like a hundred and ten to eight in the Senate will approve
I'm sure but it isn't like a hundred percent final on the slots bill
Aha so all of a sudden you'd like a little update like oh well it's done but it's not quite exactly done
So until the last signatures are dry in the paper don't ever count your slots until they start until you hit a good machine man
Anyway, we got the mold my steve standing by next which ought to be real tweaked and we got mad dog at seven old hard rock four to seven
Lenny Martez and Troy Stratford are sure that'll go down and infamy
Panthers preview attend the Panthers on the Sharks in San Jose. What's up please go bye bye
