So did you see that article about Senator Kennedy going to his office party dressed as King Kong?
No, he did not.
Went dressed as a gorilla.
Yeah.
And a gorilla suit.
And then when his wife asked him why he was late coming home, he said he was on a phone
with President Bush.
And she said, oh, the President called you.
He said, no, but I wasn't really talking to him, but I know he was listening.
That's the guy.
Okay.
I see.
Anyway, I'm looking at the schedule today speaking of that promo we just had.
Yeah, nobody's here.
No, no.
No, not today.
Did you and me today?
No, no.
That's it.
Everybody else was away or off?
Well, Clarice is there today.
Yeah, he showed up.
He was real illuminating.
I had quite a conversation with him this morning, quite a chat, and asked me what I learned
from him.
Nothing.
Zero.
Oh, I'd like the numbers of the guys across the street, the big O, nothing.
Well, I found out what's going on around here after I left the area yesterday.
Yes?
Did I tell you to go talk to Duff?
I did.
Was that part of the puzzle?
Yes.
Okay, but we won't discuss that on a year.
Nope.
Now what's the other part of the puzzle?
What else is going on?
Oh, I don't know.
That was, I thought I was going to-
That was how you find out?
Yeah, I mean, there's more.
Well, no, I mean, there has to be more than that.
Who knows?
You see, if your fearless leader is leaving, then a lot of people are like-
And I've been saying this for weeks now, a lot of people that have been hanging out
with his co-tails for years there, they're going to be falling out.
They're going to be going out the door and not coming back in.
I would guess.
Yeah.
How will we know he's gone?
He hasn't been here very much.
Well, he's probably clean things up, you know?
Yeah.
He's off-skying.
What a totally classless act that's stunt at the Christmas party that everybody keeps
telling me about.
That just- it just boggles the mind because it's all ego.
It's 200% ego.
As opposed to like saying, hey, thanks to all of you guys for really doing a great job
and helping make this- all our station such great successes and making this a lot of
money and yada-yada, they're a little like being a mensch, which of course would be out
of character instead of that.
It's like, you know, ego.
I did it my way.
And of course, if they played- I mean, I'm assuming he didn't like-
have a portable cassette deck with him or something like that, I'm assuming that the
DJ LAS had that cute up there and that there was all a plan stunt.
I mean, if you- you know, if you're just walking around, if you go to a bar or something,
you don't like all of a sudden crank up Frank Sinatra singing my way, just as spontaneous,
do you?
Not- not Mr. Adanthani's.
Yeah.
They play a lot of Sinatra music.
Well, okay, let's not go there.
Why?
It's okay.
Oh, I see.
I love that place.
Yeah, I do too.
And I'd like to continue enjoying it.
Oh.
They do play lots of Sinatra music in here.
Yeah, they do.
And a lot of Tony Bennett.
Right.
It's okay.
And what do they have in common?
Wait, whatever they want.
I see.
I always find it fascinating.
I'm seeing they're eating one of their 17 course meals that goes on for hours and hours.
Some of the music that you do here on the ear.
Like that.
That's small, see?
All of my favorites still are wedding.
And that wedding.
They cast that wedding.
It's orange and cherry.
Yeah.
They went out, we got the- they just brought in a bunch of guys from orange, New Jersey.
Really?
Yeah.
To play the extras in the wedding.
Hey, Polly, more wine.
Yeah.
Polly.
The men's will probably still be with us today if it wasn't for that extra wine.
Yeah.
I think that was it.
It's just a good message.
Look at us.
I see a few of you from the pictures.
First, it's a good sausage.
Yeah, you meet balls, you're a little wine.
Yeah.
Bob Lee who works for ESPN.
Yeah.
Bob, tell me once you can never go wrong quoting a godfather.
Mm-hmm.
It's true.
Well we got the odd father at our station.
Oh, that.
Yeah.
Well he's not here today.
No, he is not there.
We got the Curtis and Troy Stratford.
Troy is not the selling.
He's busy playing the radio star today.
Yep.
So we got four hours of that to say.
I don't know.
We got Jesse Agra before the hockey game and then the Panther stuff.
It's the other kick the Bruins ass.
And then after the hockey game, if that doesn't tune everybody out, Lane Martez again
till two o'clock in the morning.
That is.
That's beyond description.
And seriously, I keep asking various people what is going on in that place?
What's the story here?
What's the story?
Why does everybody away?
And nobody knows from nothing.
Nobody knows from nothing.
All the clearance knows that he's still got his Jaguar out there in the parking lot
as of now and that's it.
Yeah.
Well, he was away for a few days.
I wonder what about the water Nazi?
I think she's still going to be around.
He's probably got all the pictures.
There is no water Nazi.
Don't laugh with my log.
Yeah.
Yesterday we talked about Scoran.
Might as well give her a couple of shots today.
Don't laugh with my log.
I'm going to Greg Green.
Yeah, look at the beautiful cast of characters.
He had surrounded him all these years.
You know, that's the thing.
It tells you a lot.
Look at the people who surround somebody.
You know what I'm saying?
Look at the klingons and then that tells you a lot about that person.
Yeah.
Pleasant people like Scoran and the water Nazi and Gary Sarner who's always like
on the bubble on the on the edge of the inner circle, but never could quite penetrate it.
If you catch my drift.
OK.
And Ray, your buddy Ray was in there too for a long time.
But the fact that he's out I think exposes everything it needs to be said.
Yeah, he was kind of the test.
He over the group.
Right.
He's out.
Yeah.
Well, it was an accident.
A lot of people got hurt.
Whoever comes to you to set up the meeting.
Yeah.
He's the traitor.
Mm hmm.
Well, on that note.
Yeah.
I'm ready to go.
Yeah, I'm ready to go to woodbind right now.
I guess I have to wait four hours.
I'm having lunch today.
Well, any messages for the Panther owner?
No.
OK.
Nobody.
You're having lunch with Alan Cohen.
Yeah.
Why is that?
I don't know.
I'll let you know.
What would mean you don't know?
They yes.
They asked you to have lunch with them.
Yeah.
For why?
Why is that?
Because you're a hockey maven.
I mean, that makes no sense to me.
No.
Of course, you probably know as much about it as Alan Cohen does.
I'll see.
The message is quit lying about the attendance.
OK.
You can't keep counting the empty seats as people.
I mean, they're starting to come out.
It's there for you to see.
They're not playing that badly, though.
No, they're starting to come around a little bit.
They play the good game against the fires you have in it.
Yeah.
And they ought to kick the Bruins ass tonight.
But nevertheless, well, you have a good day.
I think that Chinese had an old expression, old Chinese saying,
about the Pantist future, Gournish Telfin in that market.
They also had an expression that said,
talk about the people around the station.
Are you're out of here for a day or two?
Oh, yeah.
That's my.
That's my.
Well, the one good part about that is that there
are no people to talk about because there
are no people around the station.
So you can talk about anything you want.
There's nobody there.
Good point.
Yeah.
We're in a vacuum.
We're in the dark.
Maybe we can hire Johnny Dark.
Meanwhile, you wound up with some pretty good stuff
yesterday on the overrated personalities.
Yeah, thank you very much for that pull.
Anytime you got a good pull, I'd be always
throw it our way.
Yeah, you wound up with good stuff.
I did a little one today, biggest story of the year.
And that's my that's my pull for tomorrow.
Oh, my most significant sports story.
But yours was local though.
Yeah.
Mine isn't mostly local.
Yeah, well.
You're in a different time zone.
Different time zone.
How do you like to pair a sultan?
By the way, she'd like ran off.
I mean, I voted for her, but 498 votes.
I mean, the next next highest doctor,
Phil had 98.
She had 498 nasty bitch.
Why pay higher?
She could be our new sales manager.
At least you might speak to us.
You were sure right about him, boy.
You sure had him paid right from day one.
You can spot him.
Stiffy.
I'm a man here.
A man who operates in a vacuum.
Boy, do I pine for those days of screwing, man?
I was hoping for I'm trying to think of sales managers.
I've known over the years.
Some of the guys from the old station.
Yeah.
How about Rick Alpo?
He wasn't a bad guy.
No.
Loser, but his wife was a real salesperson.
She was a salesperson.
He was just a...
He had a lot of stuff going on.
And a sales manager, Marie Levine, what they should do to job on him.
Was it the Paxon people?
You won't part of that.
I remember him.
Poor Marie.
He was a good guy.
He had a stroke from them and he just about...
I think he's not with us anymore.
I'm not sure.
He died?
I'm not positive.
I wonder if Stanley Cohen is still driving that yellow pimple
wheel that he used to have at INZ.
I'm going to work on that book.
I think I'll coincide the release with my March 1st 30th anniversary in the market.
I think I'll write that book.
I'll buy it.
Oh, I have this stuff, the stories that I could tell just mind-boggling.
I can write a book just about this place.
Yeah.
Just about the last couple of months.
I want to read the Moe chapter.
I'll bet you do.
Have a great day.
Hey, you too.
See you.
See you.
Jason, you're on QAM.
You don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right
now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
That...
There's no National Guard...
No.
In an isolated region of the West comes the heartwarming story everyone is talking about.
What started as a fishing trip became something much more.
Jake Jill and Hollano stars in.
Broke back Mountain.
The Broke Playback.
I can't move.
Hello?
Hello?
The critics are raving about broke back Mountain.
It's about a man with a broken back.
On a mountain.
I think that was a wolf.
That was a grizzly.
Oh my, I'm lost.
Now where am I?
That sounded like a homosexual.
Oh my goodness, you're hurt.
Yep.
Definitely a homosexual.
Broke back Mountain.
Rated S for extreme stupidity.
I heard it so going to be called Bearback Mountain is what I'm hearing.
1009 at 560 WQM.
It's Wednesday, December 28th and we're all alone.
How the top of is leaving the building?
There's nobody.
Am I right?
No, I think people are starting to show up today.
Are they starting to wander back in?
I mean, John Juris was there.
There's a good guy.
Chris, he's on the other side of the building.
He's on the FM side.
Right.
He's a good Nazi.
I mean, Austrian guy.
Yes he is.
And there's a little freight train.
He's into that Bavarian thing.
He likes those high boots.
He likes to stop around a little bit.
Good guy, John Juris.
Happy New Year, John.
And then we have Curtis.
I mean, what's his name?
Curtis, who the hell is that?
We got Clarence back today.
And he was in for a few minutes before the show
to just dazzle me with nothing.
He did admit that he's driving at Jaguar.
The one at the SCRUAN used to drive, I guess.
Does that the same one?
It was handed down to him.
It was passed along.
He had it exhumed though before he would get into it.
Yeah, she had some issues with SCRUAN.
But nevertheless, I'll still say a man.
I would trade for a dime.
I'd trade those days when she was back there
mangling and managing.
She kicked some serious aspect there.
And she would come and talk to us no matter how much you
ripped her ass on a year, although she
did cause the Humper to be suspended about 20 or 30 times.
But nevertheless, at least she had the cohomes, man.
She had the big pair.
I'm like this wimpy guy.
We go, we got the Curtis.
What's his name again?
Raymond Burr?
Raymond Burr.
That sounds awful to me.
Boy.
Oh, he's ripping me on the air.
I don't want.
I'm not going to go through that.
In fact, he ought to be over in the other place with Joel
Feinberg.
You ought to be across the street.
Oh, well, we're not going to play that game over here
where we are.
These guys go on.
You can rip each other all you want.
But don't be ripping a management, OK?
OK, Joel.
Whatever you say, Mr. Macho guy, you're still got to cheer.
It inclerances playing Mr. Stupid, which he doesn't
have to act too much on that.
Like, what are they?
What are the, how are the trends like he doesn't know him?
And although he doesn't really know, he just
gives me like glittering generalities.
1336 votes on a pool so far.
Now, this is today's pool, right?
I can't figure it out.
I thought we were still on yesterday.
I don't know.
I started doing that thing.
I got myself into a binder where it's like five days
ahead with the pools.
I don't know.
Always looking for a new pool.
Who is today's most overrated celebrity?
We'll leave this on for, I think we'll leave it on period.
Because I fact the new one to Eric for tomorrow.
Although there probably are some other things
that should be on that.
What if I had a 2005 is the most significant to you?
OK.
Out and we'll give them that in a bit.
Once we take care of our three or four calls,
we're not going to get a lot of calls today.
Today's most overrated celebrity, Paris Hilton.
She wins by a glanslide.
Man, she is way out in front.
505 votes out of 1340.
That's 37.6% of all the votes.
Deserve yourself.
Yeah, bitch.
Dr. Phil 99, how would Stern 82?
One thing would stern it either like his act
or they just don't get it.
They don't they find nothing there.
Like me, I don't know.
I don't begrudge him, but I don't see it.
Nothing there for me.
Years ago there was.
I mean, years ago it was a panic, but yeah, that's my opinion.
I mean, I still listen in high school, but I got there.
Well, it actually used to be a hysterical.
But in the last few years, I don't see anything there
including the year that we headed on the, it wasn't the year.
How many months did we have to come here?
It was four or five months.
Definitely wasn't the year.
Wow.
Four or five months.
Donald Trump 75.
Anything else Robin?
Anything else Robin?
Anything else Robin?
Wow.
Seriously, if Hayshow was one tenth as good as all the publicity
that he generates and he does generate incredible publicity,
if it was one tenth as good, I would get up at five
thirty in the morning just to make sure that I was shaved,
showered and all the other stuff just so I didn't miss a minute.
Yeah?
But it's not there.
Donald Trump 75, Oprah 60, Tommy Cruz 39, hey Tommy!
You're fairy!
Kevin Peterline 35, Jessica Simpson 35, maybe the two of them
can hook up now, they're both available.
JLo 28, Victoria Gotti 27.
Martha Stewart 24, Sarah Jessica Parker 22,
Ashton Kuchikuchi 21, Don I'mis and Ashley Simpson each have 20,
although he sings better than she does.
Nancy Grace 19, Katie Kirk 18, Adam Sandler 16,
and Nicole Smith and Bono 14 of peace, same person.
The Olsen twins 12, Nicole Richie and Ben Affleck 11 of peace,
Ryan C. Creston, Melissa Rivers 10 of peace, Carson Daly and
Jay Leno and Jennifer Aniston and Carrotop 9 of peace.
Well, for Jennifer, how could she be lumped in with those losers?
That's sad.
She don't belong on her.
I agree.
She's a good actress, forget about the fact how hot or not she is,
she's a good actress, not the wrong with her.
No, Clay Akin 8, that's Clay's Akin Amos, Simon Cowell and Bill
Marr 8, a piece.
I remember John Marrys to do news at WABC and WKFR and
get Battle Creek Michigan.
Great news guy, John Marr.
Lindsay Lohan 7, Barbara Streisand 6, Tories Spelling 6,
Tom Hanks 6, Tara Reed 6, Greg Reed and headlinton.
Hillary Duff 5, Matt LeBlanc 4, The Rock 4, Jimmy Kimmel 3,
how about that Christian wrestling?
John River 7, you didn't believe me about that and you
blew up.
There is a Christian wrestling league.
John River 3, Tom Bergeron 2, Ray Romano 2, Paulazon 1 and
Dakota Fanning don't have any because nobody knows who that is.
That's what I'm thinking.
Did you know who it was?
I did, but I don't think she's a little girl.
Well, don't be picking on the little girls.
I'm not.
I don't mean you.
I mean, whoever called it in.
Heartless bastard.
1015, a QAM already.
How do you like that?
Before you know, it's going to be 155, time for Curtis and the Troy.
Wow.
That's Curtis Stevens and not Curtis, so Raymond Verr Curtis and Troy.
Troy used to be a sales guy, but now he's going to be on the year guy.
As opposed to some other guy that used to be in programming, it's not going to be
well, whatever.
And when you're shopping for shoes, comfort, fit and value is what it's all about.
Those are the three ingredients that are important to everybody with a brain.
So if you want the best combination, do your shoe shopping at brandy shoes and
pomp and obese.
They carry a humongous selection of all the major shoe brands that you know and
love, not off brands.
And nobody ever heard of, but great names like Rockport, Floreshime, Echo, New Balance,
Mephisto, SAS, and all the others.
And brandy's professional shoe fitters will make them sure you got to customize perfect
fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time.
As for Arnie, they'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price too.
The pros and brandy's really do understand fit and comfort.
They specialize even in wide wits as well for you folks with big wide fat ones.
Brandy's worth the trip from just about any place in town.
So for comfort, style, fit value, and selection always think brandy shoes.
You'll find them at 1290, North Federal Highway and Pomp and O'Beats.
Be sure and tell them that Berkeley, since you buy it, they will absolutely fall on the
floor and pee in their pants when you tell them that at brandy's.
Brandy's is open daily till 9, so they still 5.
Did I say 1290, North Federal Highway and Pomp and O'Beats, I think I did.
And this week is a great time to buy new balance shoes at brandy's.
Take 20% off on all great, new balance men's and women's styles and get a free t-shirt
too.
So be sure to get into brandy's this week or visit them on the way of at brandy shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
16.
2.
8.
Were you drudged back in?
Tonight.
On 2020.
Howard, you're going to settle it.
Yes, I'm uncensored.
I hear you're exploring the sexuality of zoo animals.
I look forward to exploring that.
But you're really taking it a little bit too far.
You could choose to look at it that way.
I don't.
Dude, on your first show, you're going to get times you go with a candy.
Candy grew.
I will.
This is a new frontier.
That sounds dangerous.
Dangerous, man?
You could get bird flu or candy grew flu.
I'm about being funny.
So how does a guy get romantic with a candy grew anyhow?
You got to find out.
Yes.
Tonight.
On 2020.
Okay, just a second.
Okay.
Well, no, I'm just sending you some stuff for tomorrow.
All right.
Well, I may have figured it's a very informal show today.
There's nobody around.
It's getting worse every day.
It's the 28th.
I don't get it.
I don't understand what's going on.
Do you?
I guess people are going to come back to work at the new year.
I don't know what the new year.
I would guess some of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Some of them.
We don't know which ones necessarily.
In fact, that would be a good poll.
Well, that's an excellent poll.
Who do you think will not be back is most likely not to be back in the new year?
Good poll.
That's a great poll.
I think that's the poll for Friday.
Who do you think is most likely not to be back?
Who will we not see no more in the new year?
No more.
Well, not I mean, going until March, I guess.
No more.
No more.
Is the room all right?
I can't get a straight answer about that or anything else because of these people lie a lot.
And of course, you know, they get that right from the top.
5, 6, 7, let's see if we get any calls today or not or otherwise you just play the rack.
I was going to do that on Monday.
Not today.
Then I'm not in the bag anymore.
You'll notice I sound just like me today as opposed to the last two days.
Yeah, there was no groggy this morning.
No.
I didn't sleep that extra maybe 20 minutes today, not the extra hour.
You didn't show up your ass till after 9 o'clock anyway, so I could have slept till whatever.
Well, I actually did, but I actually took a little nap in the car this morning when I got here.
You took a nap in the car?
I just showed up like 20 minutes.
20 miles an hour.
I got here 20 minutes before 9, so I felt like sleeping for 20 minutes.
Great.
So, you know, I like us.
Wow.
I was listening to Hank's callers too.
I was taking the same nap as you were.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
It's going to be grim and slim.
You'll see WQAM.
Hello.
See, there's the very first one.
That's an old man right there.
The first one is all first one out of the box always sets the pace for the rest of the day.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
I was listening to Hank's callers too.
I was thinking of saying that to do work.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
I've been waiting for you for a while.
Here you go.
Here's your chance.
Take a couple hours.
Take all the time you want.
This is pretty important.
I just want to know.
Have you heard of a DVD documentary called 9-11 Conspiracy Theory in plain sight?
No.
Needle on telling you, man.
Look it up on the internet.
It's in plain PLA and E-like airplane.
Sorry.
You got to see this.
I downloaded it for free on my, uh, because I'll write it or whatever.
Yeah, what does it say?
I'll be in the file out of movies.
Just spend the 20 bucks and watch it.
Well, what does it say?
What is the missing video?
It's based on nothing but video evidence.
It kind of takes the whole, um, the whole Pentagon strike thing that you have in your website.
Right.
And it shows you that, but it goes beyond.
It shows footage that was only showed like one time on CNN, but then you never saw it again.
Okay.
Like depending on being fully intact after the so-called airplane hit.
Mm-hmm.
It's incredible.
I'm telling you, just get it.
Don't waste time.
I'm telling you.
You'll be talking about it for hours.
Okay.
In plain sight.com.
Uh, basically.
Yeah.
You'll find a digital Google.
Okay.
All right, buddy.
I'll Google it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right.
And don't forget Deutschland Oberalis.
Okay.
See ya.
Five six.
Five six.
That's what you're interested when he came in.
Deutschland Oberalis.
That what you said?
Yeah.
We're going to those Austrians.
They were pretty tight with eight off.
WQIM.
Hello.
QIM.
Neil.
Good morning.
Sure.
Happy New Year to you.
Just watch those guys slaughter that poor black guy there in New Orleans yesterday on the New Year.
What do you mean they slaughtered him?
What does that mean?
I think they shot him like six or seven times.
Yeah.
They just wanted to let it on like the shoot him in the leg and it gets falls over and then they can deal with him, you know?
Well, they give this a song to dance about well when they when they shoot they shoot to kill.
They had, you know, some big song to dance like that.
All right.
We're out there.
They're only like about 15 or 20 of them and there he was waving a gun around.
Obviously, somewhat incoherent, but that's just the way it is, you know?
Thank you.
I think that episode was was symbolic of everything that happened in New Orleans after Rick at Trina.
All right.
Same with your quest, please.
Yes.
Oh, I got a buddy out of town.
Angela, you're in the basement.
You got it.
All right.
Thank you.
See you, pal.
Bye-bye.
And don't be a standard around waving no off knife around.
How many times have they shown that just in the last hour?
About 30,000.
30,000 times in the last 24 hours because they want to insight, you know, all the dark folks and get them all whipped up into a frenzy.
I mean, you know, if you're a black person in America, you should understand you're still living in a pre-served award times.
It's a racist piece of crap country and black people are still at the bottom of the ladder.
And you just better learn that.
Anybody really thinks that they gave a flying crap about those black folks in New Orleans?
You're dreaming.
You're in La La Land, man.
And they're still doing nothing there.
There's still all these people like have no clue what their life is going to be all about.
It's kind of like here at QAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
You're a clueless station for the new millennium.
Hello.
Hey, happy New Year.
Back to you, sir.
Dix back this New Year.
What?
Dix back this New Year.
Dix is going to be big on New Year's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Can't wait to get this year.
I can see a lot of dick this year.
Yeah, it's obvious where he's coming from.
56670560, Tom 560 and he's been rising in Singular Rhinocline.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like that question.
What ever happened to fat rich?
Yeah, fat rich?
Yeah, I used to sell them dolphin tickets.
You used to buy them for me.
You got it?
He did?
Yes.
Wow, I didn't know that.
You want to go, yes.
Oh, okay.
I just wondered.
Thank you so much.
At the track, at our table, at the track, he expired.
At Compatul Park, which I think is the way he would have wanted it.
Oh, I appreciate it.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay.
Who knew you?
I could pass along with good news.
You have 26 past 10 at QAM.
This is Neil Rudd.
I don't know how to hear this.
He's 5.62 AF.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well, I ran in Lincoln.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
You want insurance?
And recall how it happened.
Well, it still gives me cash.
And what a weirdo.
Followed my mafford star, how says.
And what's got to see?
Sitting on her front porch was Angelina Jollin.
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Well, I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
When I saw her hesitate.
She ain't funny.
But the call of porn started working then for her.
It was too late.
But her and my car and roll the windows down.
That she was my queen and I made her crown.
That's the stupid crown of me.
And I've got Angelina Jollin in my basement.
I've got the baby.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
And charge her red.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I think your friend's back.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jollin in my basement.
I'm so happy.
That's the only thing I want to hear.
What's getting so pretty?
Call out a man in.
But I bet you'd give your last sin.
I don't think.
To have Angelina Jollin locked down in your basement.
Come here and press her.
I'll do it myself.
Don't hurt her.
I'll hurt your dog, mister.
It puts the dog in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Exactly.
20, 70, 4, 11, all requests Wednesday here on QAM.
Curtis Stevenson and Trice Draper from 2 till 6 this afternoon.
4 solid hours of that.
Then we got to Jesse Agler at the BAC,
the Bank Atlantic Yanta Renta Center from 6 to 6 30,
the set to stage.
So Hank is having lunch with Alan Cohen.
The owner of the Panthers, does Emily can he sense to you?
Maybe he's friends of them.
I don't think so.
I do not believe so.
Although Hank is the hockey maven, there's no question about that.
Panthers preview at 6.37 o'clock the Bruins in town to play the Panthers.
The Bruins really suck.
Should kick their ass big time and follow the hockey game,
Lenny Martez till 2 o'clock in the morning as we continue
laughing our ass all the way to the bank.
Atlantic Center.
Look at that phone, man.
Is that the... tell you everything you need to know?
Yeah, it's pretty bad.
Pretty bad.
And what even pretty bad, it's dead as a door nail.
I'm not just having to play the rack, which I was going to do on Monday.
And if I was smart, I would have done on Monday because I was in the bag from that trip back.
And even yesterday, it was still like three quarters of the show in the bag.
Kind of like our sales staff in the bag.
Speaking of our sales staff, how's that piece of copy coming back, boy?
Huh?
What's the long drive? Maybe he's not here yet.
Yeah, maybe he took an app in the car like you did.
WDQIM, hello.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
How you doing, pal?
Why aren't the mommas on it to a crock?
Everybody's on a busman's holiday, that's why.
Man, I was hoping he quit after I ran.
Nah, he's not quitting.
He'll be back on Friday, man. He'll never go away.
Let me tell you what, he is the most...
Well, call him up and tell him, okay, we're not going to spend all our time wrapping on my good buddy mode today, right?
No mode.
Tired of hearing your crap.
Everyone I said yesterday about these people with their neurotic repetition, that's all they got.
Is fashion, bush, fashion, Russian, fashion mode, that's all they got.
It's the old monster bag.
As long as they're fashion somebody.
Exactly. How about it's the holidays, man?
This I thought was supposed to be the Saturday or whichever, a couple of days or a few days.
It's a goodwill on earth and peace to man, a piece of something.
Right, maybe in Canada.
Little pieces of something.
Oh yeah, I'm Canada.
I thought it was beautiful to everybody over here.
All these gangster rappers with their guns, man.
I'm going to tell you, rap. This gangster rap.
I'm not one of those funny buddies that thinks that, you know, well, music is me.
Like Marilyn Manson, all that crap.
But when it comes to this gangster rap, crap, that's not music.
And the whole culture of it, in fact, they're shooting each other, which, you know, kind of sets the tone for it.
But nevertheless, so I did see a little bit of that tribute to Rick Nelson last night on the Larry King, which I'm sure you missed it.
I'm sure I did.
And since you don't know who Rick Nelson was, it's probably just as well.
You missed it. Oh, come on. I heard that song from Go To His Website yesterday.
And I noticed that it was a twin kids there, a gunner in Matthew.
If they shave their hair, they cut their hair away down. They used to have long, girly hair back when they used to look with several years ago.
I had them on my show one time and I would be on the phone.
They had a good sense of humor.
But anyway, that's when they were big Nelson.
They had one big hit, something that was something doing it in the rain or whatever the hell it was.
And they were on their last night.
And his other son, what else is other kids name? Well, he is really interesting.
I don't know what his name is.
And the daughter, what else is her name? Something Nelson?
No, no, she's hot. What the season after is. I can't think about her name.
She would do most of the talking. And David Nelson, the brother was on there.
David must have just turned 110.
And his face is all fallen apart like in chunks and he will have Rick wish to talk on the phone.
And he was very sad.
Very sad. I think once, there should be a law that once a celebrity gets to be over 100 years old,
we don't have to see them anymore. They should not be allowed on TV.
Yeah, but should be.
Well, it makes you very sad.
It's like if they drag out Dick Clark for New Year's Eve again this year,
which I, they keep threatening they're going to do it.
They're going to be, you know, because they might have called me for it.
They're going to see Dick on the New Year's Eve, right?
Yeah, he did. I don't know if that's what he was talking about.
No. Like I said, moving along, well, you're just, you're brutal.
See, there are times just to respond and times just to sit there and dummy up.
But at any rate, he's in bad shape, Dick Clark.
In fact, they just bring him out in a box.
I have a good line, but I'm sure that Joyce wouldn't approve.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Fighting, never bash out.
I can use it for actual.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
How's it going?
Pretty good, pal.
Question for you.
What's a, what's a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a says a lick and a lick?
A bit got stabbed down on that side of my leg.
I'm glad I'm glad. Now with that Josh Dero or Josh Aquartus, we'll find out in his next call.
5 6 7 0 5 and I heard it was a guess. 5 60 and 0 5 6 in a Verizon singular wireless line.
All the calls all the time. They've been great the first two days of the week.
You got to admit that. Yeah, they were good the first day.
No, I think yesterday were okay too and the more bizarre way but nevertheless they were just fine.
We're not going for quality this week. We're going for quantity. It's the week
point. Let's just hope that once we get past the new year, which let's see, Georgia is going to be on Friday and Monday.
Tuesday is what? The turn. January, turn. Correct. So starting January, turn. Let's hope that there's a few people back in the building.
Maybe by then we'll actually have some new copy from Fatboy or any of our sales holes who are busy playing hooky or whatever they're doing.
I just don't understand. It's like they take a whole chunk of time and just write off that period of time.
Which I don't understand that. And then so you start the new year and we have nothing on the log and we're like playing catch up all year.
Playing catch up. Maybe Raymond Burrard, a sales manager back there, likes catch up on his fries as opposed to Mayo.
Maybe likes catch up on his back. Don't know what it is. He sure got a long way to catch up.
You're not doing it, Curtis. Let me tell you that right now, baby. You're week. Really week. We want screw in back now.
WDQAM. Hello.
No, what's the Nicarabacter?
WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello.
QAM. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am.
You know, I totally agree with you on the whole celebrity thing, but I think it should be sooner. Like, you know, Marilyn Monroe,
he might as well. She would look like today if she's still alive. Oh, God. It's good to remember her the way she was.
You imagine what she looks like now.
And like a little bit paler like, you know, in Marlon Brand or some of them, they just they should have died a lot younger.
I think that's like we'll just stay out of our face anyway. Exactly. Hey, I love you, Neil. See you.
I would celebrate day. You too.
2211. See, that was an outdoor order that called her. I mean, she was very nice, but we're not supposed to have that.
We're supposed to have hostility and hate codes. It's soft Florida. Maybe it's the holidays.
Like that. That's how he's supposed to do it.
Yeah.
And what's the maple leaf, by the way? Huh? What's that?
That's syrup, right? What's a piston? Oh, I see the Detroit piston used to be the four-way and piston zalmers.
I've actually didn't know that. I did not. Well, that was where they played in Fort Wayne. The Fort Wayne
piston zalmers and Detroit pistons. People think that's because of the Troid is motor city, you know,
and cars and pistons and stuff like that. But if that's the case, how come they were the Fort Wayne
piston comets? Uh-huh. Or zalmers. What are they? What?
I've actually the hopper members that the Fort Wayne piston zalmers. He probably also members read our
book and less whatever his name was. The coach of the Rochester Royals. Well, let's talk to all the
old parts. They let that guy who's in love with Al Franken. He got 110 years old. That calls everybody.
Al Franken is on it. Hey, don't forget Al Franken's on a new and maybe with what's your name?
What happened? We're in the lamp.
Catherine Lampur and he's there in a lecture.
Lamp riot. 1042 at 560 WQ AM just killing some Tom and a holidays. If I'd have known it was
going to be like this, just a skeleton crew and that everybody was screwing off. I did this and
I'll take five weeks. You know, let me know when you're ready to go back and do a little
business. I'll tell you who's ready to do business. My good friends and drag concepts. I've used them
to eye homes for over 20 years. They're the best in the world. There is nobody else to do a job
for you like them and no scams, no games. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before
they start their fantastic job. And with the holidays here, it's time to make the call to have your
entire home sanitized and access your carpets either because drag concepts also specializes in
a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, drape recleaning, oriental rug cleaning, water damage restoration,
pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning to get rid of those nasty little dust mites and lots more.
And during this month, during December, drag concepts has a special offer that'll keep your
sleeping like a baby because no matter how clean your home is, it's almost impossible to get
rid of those dust mites. And did you also know that dust mites are the number one cause of allergies
in your homes? So do yourself and your whole family of big favor. Give rid of those dust mites
today by calling drag concepts, whether it's your carpeting, a poultry leather furniture drape
or oriental rug. So this month's special dust mite cleaning, the only company one to
business with is drag concepts because they're the best in the universe. Indeed, Broward and
Upon Beach is called Tool-Freeed 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website
dragconcepts.com. Be sure and tell them that Troy Stratford told you to call dry concepts.
Okay, now you see that's also the same thing at the beginning of that cane's promo.
Yes, it is. Unacceptable, Clarence, you idiot, you quizzling Clarence, you ferret,
only in the Banana Republic baby, only in Miami. Do you love the delightful sounds of birds in
your backyard yet live in constant fear of eating and flu? Well now you can enjoy our feathered
friends and be safe at the same time with the electric bird bath. Oh hey, look honey, it's a brown
head and cow bird. It's beautiful and no longer contagious. The electric bird bath is wired with
50,000 volts of bird flu or eradicating power. Look honey, it's a white-dressed mad hat.
Correction here, it's a smoldering black-crested nut hat.
And if you order the electric bird bath now, we'll include a free box of Polly Wanda
exploding cracker. The electric bird bath, because dying of avian flu is for the birds.
1047, it's for the birds all right, just like those rejoins and nothing, and that's why the other
day I like got caught short on that because it's just like what you played there. That's right.
Well hey, but hey is right, but hey. One man attracted at another wound of his government opens fire
Miami house this morning. Not to be outdone by those goofballs in Toronto. One man was killed
another wound at early this morning when a government opened fire on a house in Miami.
Miami police said a man wearing all black walked into the guided front yard of the house at a
thousand-sundee broke road between five and five thirty this morning, then fired numerous shots
inside with an ass-salt weapon. The bullets hit the concrete portions and went through the windows,
Miami police said in a statement. A man in his twenties was fatally wounded while lying in bed.
Another older man was struck in the leg while sitting on a sofa, a woman inside the house was not
harmed. The identities of the victims have been withheld by the police. Two vehicles, one black
and the other white were seen leaving south on 10th Avenue after the shooting. At this time,
detectives have determined no clear motive for the shooting. Just another day in paradise, baby.
People crazy people with guns. All you gun lovers out there, it made me want to vomit.
That's one thing about all my trips to Amsterdam anywhere in western Europe.
Once, once in Rome, one time there was a sunk punk that were having like some demonstration,
you know, they always have these big demonstrations anti this, anti that. And the sunk fire to gunshot
off into the air where he got the gun. I have no idea. But at any rate, he had a gun, handgun.
And it was evidently not that far from where I was having lunch and come outside and all the crowds
are gathered around and man, the Kata Banieti and the police, they were enough police came out of
the woodwork and dragged this guy off into like some underground tunnel or somewhere and probably
beat the crap out of him. But I won't see him no more. And it was just a gunshot fired in the air,
not anybody. I mean, it was an accident, but nobody got hurt. I want to say. Yeah.
But I have all the other places I've been. I never even heard about anybody getting a shot of people
like runner round loose with guns in the streets. I can just imagine right now that rushed a
crowd in Amsterdam if they had guns. All mine, not good news mine, but they don't. All you people with
his gun sickness of yours, it's just pathetic, but I'm not going to change nothing. That's why these
people call in all breathless about, oh, just website and that website. No, I mean, I understand a
guy means well that in plain sight thing in 911 and so then why so then we find out that we've
been lied to and conned and the government of bunch of crooks and people are dying who shouldn't
be dying and then what then what am I going to do about it on this little horse ball station where
we got nobody in the building. You know, we're like great signal. Oh, but Greg is working
feverishly to syndicate the near Roger show. Please cracker, please. The stories that these people
tell the games that they play. Man, see, because this station isn't about Hank or Burgundy or Rogers
or Mad Dog or a Moe or any of the other people on here. This station's been all about Greg long before
I came to it and long after he's going to be gone evidently, but it's all about Greg. That's why we
had that my way crap at that Christmas party. What's the damn good thing I didn't show up for that
when I surprised him. I would have started screaming in the out. I would have, and I'm curious. So what
happened? They played the whole what was he doing while they played the song? He just went back
to his seat. Yeah, we were in the bar area. It was our cocktail hour, if you will.
Yeah, and he went up and that's all he said. He said, you know, everyone's expecting me to make
the announcements. And then he, you know, the music came on and he went right back and sat at the bar.
That was it. Classy. Really classy. And what were people saying? I mean, what was going on at
this point? Were people like, what was that? I don't know. I didn't hear anything.
You didn't hear anything? No, nobody really said anything about it. It was just,
maybe nobody cared. Or maybe it was like kind of anti-climactic. Maybe all those rumors that
were going on weeks ago about him getting tossed out the door. Maybe everybody heard those so
often now that, you know, oh yeah, well, we know. Bye-bye. Maybe that was the attitude. Thank?
I don't know. A naked man in Lake County, Florida claiming to be Satan
was arrested after he threatened to kill a sheriff's deputy and then entered the man in the
neighborhood street according to a police report. A lot of crazy people running around there. It's
another reason not to have all these damn guns. Too many crazy people get their hands on guns.
Too many people with no respect for life. Like these punks that were shooting people downtown here,
they're going to be like, that's just, it's unbelievable. And this is supposed to be such a civilized
place and so polite and so whatever. Yeah, right. Officers responded to complaints of a naked man
screaming in the streets Monday in the area of Wall Street and Grand Avenue and used this Florida.
You don't want to go to use this Florida. I'll see that right now. Where the hell is that? Who the hell
knows? Well, Lake County. So that should tell you all you need to know. Yeah. Yeah, who will? In fact,
if you did not, did you see this guy, Roy Lee Henson? Yeah, pretty, he looks like a man. He's a scary
kind guy. He looks a little like his name and the cook who's nest believe it. We're deputies arrived,
they found Roy Lee Henson walking with his boxy shorts around his ankles and screaming wildly
quite in the report. Henson and lunched at the sheriff's deputy backup officer
arrived until Kenson the custody of the man screamed he was Satan. The sheriff's deputy suffered
minor injuries when and was kicked during the struggle with Henson. Henson's been booked on
Lake County jail and $10,000, bond. He faces charges of aggravated assault on the officer,
resisting arrest with violence, exposure of sexual organs, and
desertedly conduct. This is going to channel six news in Orlando, I guess
there they go. There's another day in paradise like I said, because it's the
American FN way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's get a thousand calls on today and
that's going to be our goal. Forget about the pool. The pool, Paris Hilton's got
the pool one, okay? Yes she does. We'll move into this other one a little bit
later on. I don't want to get too big of a head start on it because then
they'll start calling them with suggestions. I don't want to, I got one
trying to pull. I'm so sick. If I, if I ever hear that again, I got one for
the pool. I can't stand it. I can't take it. I can't handle it. No, no, no.
Then we go through that all day yesterday. I mean, I appreciate the
hopper. Give me that pool idea. We got a lot of votes and it was, it went over big
like Halivine and Jerusalem. That was okay. But God Almighty, I got one
trying to pull it. Come on, come up with something different. Okay. Once in
your life, anything like what's a nicker box or at least any, oh, what's a
royal? They're Rochester Royals. What's a royal? What's a Syracuse
Natch? What's a Natch? You ever step on a Natch? All the time. Think about it.
WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, I'm Neil Bruce. Speaking. Hey, how you doing? Okay.
Houston is about 50 miles west of South Daytona. South Daytona? Yep. Okay. And in
closing? Yes. I got one for the ball.
QAM. Hello. George, tell me bad week. Somebody QAM. Hello. They got my
chair. They're having no match. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Is there a reason why
they had a special bug ricking out and considering he's been dead for 20 years?
That was it because 20 years ago, New Year's is when his plane crashed. Yeah. If you
think he was actually smoking it? No. With the Pope. He was smoking it with the
Pope. The fact of the matter is that they have a DVD and CD and all this other
stuff coming out. So and King kept promoting that. So it's not just that it was 20
years ago that his plane crashed on New Year's, but it was also they're peddling
something. You know, everybody's always, boy, it was just fine. I like
ringles and a lot. Believe me, but that's an other story. I like his music too.
And his youngest son there, whatever his name is, boy, let's your like to spend a
little time rehashing the old history with him, whatever his name is. And we
nobody even called him with the name of his daughter. She's a very well-known
actress. What the hell is her name? Oh, Christ. You know, you would be the last
person in our Tory Tory. Oh, Tracy Tracy. Got it. Okay. Well, you're
googling it. I am Tracy with Elzer. My name not Tracy Nelson is it? No. At
any rate, somebody will know. She's a fine looking young lady and she's a good
actress and she was a very articulate and she was the best one on the show, except
of course the young son who didn't say too much, but he looked pretty good. Oh,
it actually is Tracy Nelson. Yeah. Now, do you know who she is? Um, doubt it. Well,
look up her work there. Maybe you might recognize something. She's an actress.
She's has been around. She's made, she's a well-known. She's been on some stuff.
In fact, a lot of her people at QA are on some stuff too. We can't say what? 1056
at QM Curtis and Troy at 2 this afternoon. And then we got the Panther stuff and
Lenny Martez attended night, spread the word around town, baby. Lenny Martez show.
This is Neil Roger. Oh my God. This is 516 QA.
This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being
shot to bits by a final home meat cleaver. This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brain's real food for real people. Absolutely.
Oh my God.
Totally totally. Exactly. No mode of day. We got the Curtis and Troy and I'm sure you'll enjoy that.
tremendous. Who is today's most overrated celebrities? Our poll question at the moment. 1437 vote.
What somebody please vote for Dakota fanning. I have no idea who she is. And what is she like?
5 years old? She's probably. Yeah, 12. Somebody vote for her. She'll feel left out and that
would be bad, especially in the holidays. Paris Hilton. 544, man. 38% of all the votes. Paris Hilton.
nasty needle nose bitch. No talent. Lots of cash and a pain in the ash.
Dr. Phil 106. Howard. Stir 91. How do you like that?
Take it on poor howie. Nice haircut, by the way. Don from 77. Oprah 63. Tommy Cruz 39. Tommy.
You're fair. Did you ever see that South Park episode by the way? No. Never. Okay. Never got to see that.
No. Couldn't coordinate the right day with the right. Whatever. It'll be back.
Jessica Simpson 39. Kevin Fiederline 35. JLo has got 31. Victoria Gotti 27. My God.
Did I ever tell you that I had a guess on my show on the phone one time many years ago when she
wrote the book about daddy and I on the whole deal? Really? Yeah. Back at INZ about 100 years ago.
I'm sorry. That's why I understand because that was a long time ago. She's got to be an old bag.
Well, she is. I'm sure. I mean, she's got to be like 50 something.
But anyway, there's a lot of makeup. Martha Stewart 25. Nice job on the apprentice by the way,
you're fired to did. How long did I last about two minutes? Of course, that was the case of the
popcorn and kettle black, you know, Donald Trump. Victoria Gotti, where do we leave off? Martha
Stewart 25. Aston Kuchi Kuchi 23. Sir, Jessica Parker 23. Ashley Simpson 22. Don I'm a
sonancy grace 21. A piece. Shut my mouth. Adam Sandler and the Kiti Kurek 19 each. Bando 16. He's
going to save the world. We are the we're we're singing fast as we can because we got to sell
a lot of records. Yeah. Okay. What's a crap? And in the Colesmith 14, the Olsen twins 13. I mean,
when you can't even make any good music when you're singing sucks and all of a sudden you're like
using your celebrity status as like, you know, in influencing the world, you know, running around
threatening Paul Martin our prime minister here and everybody. Oh, you got to do more for this.
Yeah, I get lost. Go feed the Africans. Okay. Get out of our face. Bando and your music sucks,
by the way. And in the Colesmith 14, the Olsen twins 13, Ryan Seacrest and Melissa Rivers 12. Hey,
Ryan, by the way, you fairy. Carson daily 11. He makes me cock on man. He just makes me sick.
The core rich 11, Ben Affleck 11. Hey, Ben, you fairy. Although now he's married in some other
chicken about five minutes. He had a baby. You know, that's the new deal. All these Hollywood
fangs that get the head these fake marriages and now the new deal is like a Katie Holmes.
And she also pregnant by something or somebody. Yeah, not Tommy, but she's pregnant by something just
like Michael Jackson's 15 wives. Jennifer Aniston's got 10. We want to apologize because I like her a
lot and she's fine or not a damn thing wrong with her. But you know, put any name on here right away.
They just want to hop on him. And in her case, Jay Leno, Carrotop, Torrey Spelling, 9-apiece,
Clay's Aiken Anus has got a Simon Cowell, a Bill Mars got a little twerp. They have a
sent him to Belgium like Antwerp. Lindsay Lohan 7, Tom Hanks has got seven, Barbara Streisand 6,
Hillary Duff 6. Oh, speaking of Duff, well, we can't tell you until next week about that. I don't
know why. What's the big secret? Can we tell you about that? He's not leaving us by the way.
Don't get panicky. Duff will still be around, but I just can't tell you. Tara Reed 6,
Madelablaink 4, the Rock 4. He's going to be one of those great Christian wrestlers for God.
He's wrestling with his conscience. Jimmy Kimmel 3. I still think he's one of those
televangelists. John Rivers 3, Tom Bergeron 2, a silly, he's just a silly ass. Yes, Ray Romano 2,
Dakota Fanning 2. Our Dakota's got the tune out. Paul Oson has slipped in the last place and
is really so with one. Solomon Teuno, out of 1400 and what? 14, 48. That's great. Here's the
fact that it's not so great from Cliff. You know, Cliff, you're a pain in the ass, baby.
Says, on the one that always facts, you just see City of God. I'd rather see City of
Bill God. That's my idea of a good time. Would you please get past the fact it's dark people
and watch a really good movie? Look, I watched about 20 minutes of that thing and it just wasn't
going anywhere. By the way, there are a couple white people if you didn't get that far. There was
no white people within a hundred. It would be like watching a Spike Lee movie. I'm not going to be
one of those great liberal people. I'm watching Spike Lee because I'm not into black culture.
I don't care about black culture or purple culture. I just care about human culture, okay?
God almighty. Why should I watch that? It could be like black folks watching the Godfather.
Anyway, Cliff says, I watch Requiem for a Dream because of you and I liked it. I also watched
Magnolia and hated it. Well, if you hated Magnolia, then your taste is in your touchclips.
So why the hell should I watch this? But I watched it. He said, in other words, like I owe him something.
Yeah, you owe it to Cliff. So you owe me one, he says. Yeah. In other words, I'm going to waste a
couple hours of my life watching a movie just because I'm wasting around their faces. I owe you one
because he watched movies. Two great movies, by the way, Requiem for a Dream in Magnolia.
Anybody see, he's just sucking up to George because George can't have this thing. All the
ending wasn't good. We didn't find out what happened. What movie is it that you find out? Unless
somebody dies in the end, then you know what happened to him. But how many movies do you see where like
it just goes on forever with a whole story of everybody's life? That's just not the way movies are,
you know? It's like a soap opera just goes on forever. First of all, the movie was three and a half
hours to begin with, which is like a lifetime. It was more than long enough and it was great.
All the acting even Tommy Cruz, now did you see it or not? I can't figure this out. I did not.
But why not? I don't know about that. Why, you just don't have the patience you to fall asleep
about midway before the frogs start falling out of the sky. Isn't it somewhat a musical? Am I right
about that? No, it's not. Well, the musical because there's some Amy Mann songs in the movie. It's not
a musical. That doesn't really look like my name. No, it's not a musical. It's the furthest thing from it.
Are you kidding me? It's the story of a whole bunch of people related to each other,
at least most of more. And there are trials and prevails and problems and bizarre stuff going on
and druggies and it's a panic man. All right, I tell you what, I watch that you watch City again.
You're not going to watch Magnolia. I'll watch Magnolia if you watch City again.
When you have finished watching Magnolia, then I'll watch City of God from beginning to end.
Is that what it takes? Yes. All right, I'll get it done.
And if you don't like Magnolia and where are you going to get it? Do you have it?
Georgia's got it. I don't have it. Or if he has it, I'll get it from him. Yeah, get it from
Georgia because God forbid you should actually go out and spend the money to rent it or buy it or steal
it or something like that. I mean, anybody who doesn't like Magnolia doesn't like movies. I don't
care what anybody says. It's just a brilliant movie. I mean, Jason Robards and Tommy Cruz and
Philip Seymour Hoffman Schwartz and all of these fantastic people and they're all great.
That's three and a half hours. Well, it's three hours and something. Okay.
I'm telling you, it goes. Hey, I've seen it's not one of those that drags on and on it. It's not
one of those where it is like what you complained about network and I do understand there are parts
of it. They're like Pandavas. There's nothing Pandavas in Magnolia. Every scene is captivating
the acting is spectacular and it's just great. All right. I can do it. And then when you say it,
it's a musical. I don't know. Where did you get that? I have no idea. I just, you know,
oh, I see because Amy Man sings from songs like this one.
It's not like she's singing it on camera. Don't you understand? Like every movie, even the
Godfather's got its music. In fact, the music is a big part of it. Would you agree with that? Of
course. Well, there you go. Anyway, get ahold of that and watch it. I don't care what anybody says.
If you don't like it, your mom, that's all. But Cliffs says I owe him one. So therefore,
I must watch City of the Year. You're so good. Okay. Where do you let me know when you're
in with Magnolia? All right. WNQ, YM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Your buddy, Moe, was in the holiday
spirit yesterday. I've taken shot that year again. Yeah. And you've been like a tribute question.
He said, well, since we have nothing to give away at the station, why don't we just give away
the scale Roger's show? Yeah. And he's an idiot. Well, I know. So let me ask you something.
Do I already know that? Yeah. Okay. Get some material. Would you please?
You're like a bunch of little children, man. My Moe said this and this one said that and Tommy
said this and Sally did that. Yeah. You're like a bunch of overgrown kids from kindergarten. Okay.
Get your pals and shovels and spoons out. Okay. God almighty. I want my cigarette
this, Roger. Too bad he died, by the way. He's a good actor. Oh, and there's another guy,
a moon-faced guy from Ku Kuzniz, died over the weekend. I can't think of what his name was.
Oh, by the way, I have no idea who Tracy Nelson is. I looked at her picture and she kind of
scared me. She, she what? She kind of scares me. She scares you all. It must be a bad picture. She's
not that looking. Yeah, you might want to look again. She was on there last night. I don't need
to look again. It's, it's mostly a bad picture. Okay. She's a fine looking young lady. There's
nothing wrong with Tracy Nelson. In fact, that whole family, man, I got the, the parents were both
good looking and the kids are all good looking too. All of the twins are starting to get really
long in the nose and long in the tooth. But nevertheless, throw the hair back guys. Cover up your face.
WQAM. Hello. Hey, you are racist. Come back and you show yourself.
567.0560. 05.560. They were right. And two men we haven't heard from a lot more of those
Julio's lately with their pentam, you know, for the holidays. Hope you have it a good time sitting
around the old Hanukkah bush. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, George?
I'm here. The thing with City of God is the filming and the acting is so right on that after a while,
you don't even feel like you're watching a movie. You feel like you're actually there. Really?
It's really a situation. I must be missing something because I could just that first 20 minutes
did it for me. It's well done. It's well done. I like my, I like medium well.
Medium rare. I thought it was incoherent.
It's great. Racist bastard. 12 minutes. 12 minutes after. I told you they're going to be good
this week. Did not I told you you won't listen to me? Oh, you know what? I craft man. I can smell it.
That's coming right from the phone that aroma smells like spam. We're going to send my computer.
I'll tell you one thing with my new computer. I don't even have to use the Firefox because even with
the Internet Explorer, I don't have, I must be the Windows XP. Do you think that's it? No, just
wait. No, no, I don't get any pop-ups. I don't get anything. Well, you have like some pop-up
blocker is doing such a good job. I think that's it. That and maybe you got like an out of
a blocker, all that stuff. Because it got, huh? Internet Explorer could work for if you have all
that stuff. Yeah, I do have it. I don't lie. I hate Explorer. I do like Firefox. I don't like the
fact that it's not compatible with my Alexa toolbar. Yeah. I can send you all those 80 million
stories much faster. Now, you probably would rather that I go to Firefox and would take that much
longer to send them so it wouldn't send so many stories. But you'll notice during these holidays,
I'm not sending all those Indian stories because unlike George, I have a little bit of pity, a
little rock monest like the Chinese say. Yes, you do. And I'm thinking maybe like for the new year,
you know, it's just going to be one big holiday that year. 2006. What does that mean? On the whole
year? Yeah, like, you know, 10, 15 stories a night. That's funny. That's funny.
Hey, listen, you know, well, we're not running the newspaper here. I mean, if we had thousands of
people reading the stuff out there, I mean, that would be one thing. But the most we ever get,
I think the most we ever had was like 700 and something on a story that we put on there. And
usually it's like 2, 300 or 400, you know, which isn't bad. That's not like there's thousands of
people going on there to read our stuff. So we'll do the best we can. The price is right.
They'll tell George that all these pushy people. Yeah, tell him he's the one that's like getting out
of control. And that's just because he's trying to be conscientious. He's trying to do a great job.
He really reads those stories. He wants to, you know, put his best foot forward. Plus he sees
everybody else getting blown out. So he figures, uh-oh, better watch it. 11, 14, the QAM.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompato Park racing and poker is your location
to celebrate New Year's Eve. How about a four-course dinner at the top of the park restaurant,
plus champagne and party favors at midnight? Also, there's going to be music and dancing all night
long, even after midnight, or maybe play poker till the stroke of midnight and celebrate with
a free champagne toast. Don't forget Pompato Park also features the world's only midnight mile.
The last race starts in 2005, ends in 2006, and if Donald Brainders and the race he'll be ending in 2007.
And wait a minute. Look what's back at Pompato Park. It's everybody's favorite. It's a free
spaghetti dinner night on Monday, January the 2nd. That's just coming Monday. That is correct.
Just purchase a Pompato Park program for Monday, January 2, and get a free spaghetti dinner coupon
for Monday night on the fourth floor. Pompato Park features free admission and free general
parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, like today,
Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon in just 45 minutes and live racing gets underway
nightly at 7.25. And every Monday night there's a two for $25 dinner special in the top of the
park restaurant on the sixth floor. And every Wednesday, like today, is dollar night for draft beer soda
hot dogs and lots more. Pompato Park, as always, is open every day, seven days and nights a week for the
best and hardest, but high-light action from all across North America to watch and punch your gut
on. Pompato Park, a black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule
go on the web at pompatopark.com or call 954-972-2000. No forget the poker room opens at noon today,
racing tonight, live racing 7.25 at a PM.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69A.
Welcome to the show.
Place President Cheney, this was you just a year ago. He is exactly the leader we need for these times
and we need him for four more years. How did George get reelected anyhow?
Got his job because he's charming, sexy, good-looking and has great air.
You enjoy your beauty. How come? The President lies in the American
and the thing about the WMDs. It is a lie. When's the last time GW lied? Just this morning.
And you said you can't even understand the man because he's stuttered so fast.
At the very least we have a right to know what he is saying.
Nick, I got a surprise for you. This is what GW said about you backstage.
I admitted that Dick Cheney's and asked for ****. Oh, here's George now.
Dick Cheney's best **** in the safe for Muslim. It is a lie.
I'm going to get a Springer.
20 past 11 at 560 WM. Happy Wednesday. December 28th. Happy Quanza. Happy New Year. Happy Cheneuka.
All of these things. All of these things. Right.
560-705-60. Count 560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
I think I'll run new, maybe I'll put that other pull up there. I don't think there's a whole lot to add,
but we'll see. I always think that and then they come up with all this other crap.
There's always something to add. WMDQ-I-M. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, I am. Happy Hanukkah.
Back to you. Happy Cheneuka. I got the scoop on the Nelson's that you're still interested.
Okay. Tracy was an actor. I don't know if she still is. Tracy Nelson.
She still is. Okay. The father-dowling mystery, I think, was the series that she was in.
Oh, I'm so sorry. The twins you remember, Gunnar and Matthew, had that great record that you used to play all of it.
Right. That is correct. And the, you see the show last night?
No, I didn't. You know what I mean? They shaved their hair,
and they kind of real short, and they both got real ugly. But anyway.
Okay. And Sam, I think, was the youngest one.
Yes. This story about Tracy, which I think I saw on an A&E bio of that Ricky.
When Ricky and Chris got married, Tracy was already in production, so to speak,
which was shocking back then. So Ozzy and Tom Harmon made arrangements with the hospital
to make the announcement that Tracy was born prematurely.
Uh-huh. And they went to such extremes that they actually had her place in an incubator
to show to the world that, yes, she was actually a premature, which she was not.
So, uh, that's the scoop on Tracy. I think she also had non-hundreds in the film I won.
Yes, she did. She had, um, she told a story about how, just before the plane crash,
her dad told her that she was dreaming. Right. Yeah.
She had these dreams that he kept warning her about she had some disease and whatever,
and then she finally went for a checkup and she had Hodgkin's, but it's Algonna.
Right. Okay. Good. Because they got it early.
Um, shameless request from way, way back when, because I'm a very long time listener.
I don't know if you still have this. I think it was called the Glen Hill School of Broadcasting
from the Zeta days. Wow. When the bird was reading the news or attempting to.
Oh, it's called the bird school, brother. Oh, okay. Okay.
If you could pick that out, that would be great. Let me see if I have that.
Birds, uh, not inside in here, but I think I have it on a disc. I'll find it for you.
Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a happy. You too. Bye-bye.
The bird school brought on me. Forget about that. Okay.
Son of disc. It's for the birds. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line. I don't think there's anything we have to
in there either. Joyce, hey, Joyce, uh, for the new year, we're going to be paying a lot of
farts sounds. Come in to QA and hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Is this new?
Sounds like me. Hey, what's going on, buddy? This is a Julio from Haia, Lea.
All right. You know what I'm saying? And I'm actually trying to be a little intelligent here.
Trying to represent Haia and intelligent matters. I don't want to be too carried away now. Not for Haia, Lea.
Yeah. Anyway, man. Yeah. Trying to get out of there soon, actually. Please.
And anyway, man, did you see that, um, 20 Dungee, or did you hear that 20 Dungee press conference?
Any answer? No. The one about his dead kid now. Whoa. He says something about, um, if
you don't want it to choose God by committing whatever he did. And in the Bible,
what's he going to say that if you commit suicide, you're going to full sound below.
Right. So he's trying to contradict the Bible there. I mean, that's bad thing. Don't you think?
It's all such a bunch of crap, anyway. You know, it's just why why can't we just accept the fact
that when you're dead, you're dead, you know, except for all this other mumbo jumbo.
Yeah, because we're like just like animals, just evolutionized. You know, if you want to make the,
you know, it's like a butterfly. Maybe you're just like a mosquito. You go, but like that, uh,
that's the end of that thing. Yeah, a lot of fairy tales, a lot of fairy tales. Unless, of course,
they're in mosquito heaven now. Yeah, man, you know, maybe that might be the right place up there.
Maybe Jesus made an exception for Dungee since he's such a high profile, you know, he's got the money.
Maybe Jesus has a big bet on the Super Bowl this year, you never know.
Hey, man, should've seen me in Halloween two years ago, just up as Jesus. It was great. It was great,
drinking wine, just chilling out with marbles. Right sandals on, man. We had those Birkenstocks.
Yeah, I had the, I had the lawyer at every day, man. If you've ever, if you ever got to see a cool
documentary, it's called a loose change. I don't know if you've seen it or not. No. My friend showed
it to me. He downloaded it like on the computer. He showed it to you. Well, and the documentary
school course. Yeah. But, uh, basically, man, it's a theory where, uh, like they're saying that they
planted bombs in the World Trade Center. It's kind of far fetched, but in a way, like it shows like
a plane about to hit. And then you see like a bout to explode before the actual plane touches.
And a lot of like, uh, I witness accounts from firefighters saying they heard that. That's like
the thing we got called earlier in, in plain sight is the website and plain sight.comy.se. I need
to look at that and I got that same kind of a footage. Cool, man. And then it shows like a
diagram of the Pentagon and then it shows like the pieces, the pieces I will actually recover.
And they never recovered any real like it's real crazy. I really recovered any piece of any
aircraft. That is correct. It was like just a recovered a little. Maybe just a evaporator or something.
Yeah, maybe they've evaporated. And if not, you know, maybe, uh, Jesus came down and helped them
out. Get them ahead. You know, don't say. Or maybe somebody from the Bush family, one of the other.
Have a great day, Palli. You're too, buddy. Thank you.
I'll be back. Okay. See you. Happy tish-a-bough. How do you like that? A happy circus greeting from
Hi, Alia, baby. Oh, great.
Yeah, all the mystery all the time. We'll never know the truth about any of these things because
the government's line, government's kill people and, you know, anybody out there who's not even
enough to believe in their government, you're, you're crazy person. Okay. I mean, after all the
stuff that we've seen just in the, even the punks out there in your lifetime, if you believe any of
the garbage that they're feeding you, and especially through this media, which they all have in their
back pocket, forget about it. Forget about it. You're not going to get any trouble. I do have
the marine doubt column, by the way, which she's wildly popular with our crowd. I'm sure that you'll be
putting this up for tomorrow since I sent it to you this morning, but I'll read it. After the break,
Vice acts as that 70 show, speaking of, uh, action, Gucci coup. That is such a bad show.
And that little beater queener that's on air to whatever. What's his name? What's his name?
Uh, no.
Bez. Bez? Yes. Oh, maybe he's the work into the phase that was on a run in Ron show. We can only
pray. Anyway, so I got marine doubt column. So you don't have to like pay to read it.
See, I'm just, I'm just not the, all I think into it.
Having to pay to like read like, it is like having to pay to look at Phil Henry's website. It's
ridiculous. Are you sure? I'm positive. I'll just read the other people. But it's past words.
Huh? I said, I'll just use other people's past words. There you go. That's always a good idea.
26 past 11 of Q and we got no mode today. I'm sure a lot of people are really upset about that.
So they can come on to talk about the still Roger showing all the other very timely stuff.
And we have to say ball games 4,000 times. Anyway, 27 past 11.
Critical rise for more than that dog. This is 5.62.
Almost.
All right.
The hatred try.
tratar
welcome.
No, my
Hey, china.
Thank you.
Oh, Thank thank me.
I don't believe.
I'll go see after all the voices of our head,
the better I'll be inside,
the way my snakes are obligated
to become the take us away.
Our hearts are in a most active hurry.
Oh, we'll often be great hierarchical days.
Oh, if they're in, we'll be to one of them fairbills.
We, with the front of us, have met them.
Oh, we, to the Lord, can forgive you
with your joy so closely appointed to you.
Oh, we, to the bottom of the show,
the story of Billy Everwood,
right and low,
we, to the end of the land,
we, to the Lord,
we, to the Lord,
for the hell you die.
We, to the end of the land,
we, to the Lord,
we, to the rims of hatred,
friar.
1132, how old are you, baby?
Happy holidays to all you get to use out there
on your people living in the Stone Age.
Maureen Dowd says,
Vice-Axis at 70, show.
He says,
we start the new year with the same old fear,
dig chaining.
Vice-President who believes in unwarranted,
unlimited snooping is so pathologically secreted
that if you use Google Earth's database
to see his official residence,
the view is scrambled and obscured.
You can see satellite photos of the White House
depending on the capital,
but not the Lord of the underworld's layer.
Vice is literally a shadow president.
He's obsessive about privacy,
but unfortunately, only his own.
Google Earth users alerted the time
to this latest bit of chaining concealment
after a front page story last week
about the international fears inspired by free Google software
that features detailed displays of things
like government and military sites around the world.
For a brief period they reported,
photos of the White House and adjacent buildings
that the US Geological Survey provided to Google Earth
showed up with certain details obscured.
So Google replaced those images
with unaltered photographs taken by a private company.
Even though the story didn't mention the chaining residence
and even though it's not near the White House,
the Times ran a clarifying correction yesterday
that said,
the view of the Vice President's residence
in Washington remains obscured.
Fitting since Vice-Earth American
to a camera obscura,
a dark chamber with a lens
that turns things upside down.
Guys argue that women tend to stew and hold grudges more,
sometimes popping up to blow the whistle
on one man's bad behavior years later,
like a missile out of the night
as Alan Simpson said of Anita Hill.
In Look at Chaney and Rummy,
there's still a wide-infused power grab
stem from their ears stewing at the Ford White House,
a time when they felt emasculated
because they were stripped of prerogatives.
Rummy, a Ford chief of staff
who became defense secretary
and his protege, Chaney,
who succeeded in mischief of staff
felt diminished by the post-watergate laws
and reforms that reduced executive branch's ability
to be secretive and unilateral
tilting power back toward Congress.
The 70s were also a heady period for the press,
which reached the zenith of its power
when its wave public opinion on Vietnam
and exposed watergate.
Reporters got greater information
to government secrets
with a stronger freedom of information act.
Chen Rummy thought the press was running amok
that at least should be plugged
in that Congress was stashing power
that rightfully belonged to the White House.
So these two crusty pals spent 30 years
Stop turning, man!
Reming have inflatingly deflated presidential muscularity.
Chaney Christm himself vice-president
and brought in Rummy for the most ridiculously pumped up presidency ever.
All this was fine with W. whose family motto is
We Know Best, Trust Us.
The two regions turned back the clock
to the Nixon era,
bringing back presidential excesses
like wiretapping along with presidential power.
As Attorney General John Ascroft clamped down
on the Freedom of Information Act.
For two years, the Pentagon has been sitting on a request
from the Times Jeff Gearth
to crop up a secret 500-page document
prepared by Halliburton
I want to do with Iraq's oil industry
a plan that wrote several months before the invasion of Iraq
and before it got a no-bid contract to implement
to plan an overbill of the U.S.
very convenient.
Defending warrantless wiretapping last week
the vice president spoke of his distaste
for the erosion of presidential authority
in the wake of watergate in Vietnam.
I do believe that,
especially in the day and age we live
in the nature of the threats we face,
it was true during the Cold War as well
I think is what it is true now.
The president of the U.S. needstab
is constitutional powers unimpaired, if you will,
in terms of the conduct
of national security policy in tone.
Translation back off Congress in the press.
Checks, balances, warrant, civil liberties,
they're also 20th century.
Historians must now regard
the light transitional tenure of Gerald Ford
as the petri dish
of this derfly transformational presidency.
Consider this.
When Vice President Nelson Rockefeller
supported by President Ford,
pushed a plan to have the government
help develop alternative sources of energy
and reduce our dependence on oil and Saudi Arabia,
guess who helped Scotch it?
Dick Cheney, then and now the man is a menace.
Amen, nice going, Maria Gogra.
I see a bunch of that everybody is sitting on the edge
of their seats hanging on every word.
Don't you think?
I know I was, especially since I read it so well
at time because I'm not in the bag today.
Coming out of my fog, out of that coma.
All of it is a little foggy any outside,
all over the long the toasty side
for this time of the year, you know?
Let me just check what the temperature is right now.
So I speak plus three that's 37 degrees of Fahrenheit.
That's not that I know.
Bang.
That ain't no thing at all.
There's no snow.
There's not one flake.
What is if he flakes running around downtown,
some with guns, but there's not one flake underground
and then for the December 20th,
it's pretty good.
Yeah, very all this crap about these idiots
who want a white Christmas.
What is that all about?
Can you explain that to me?
What is it?
It's pretty stupid.
Isn't it?
Maybe they just like the snow.
I'm just one of those people
that if I never see snow again,
it's fine with me.
I don't, I had enough of it as a child
and the last couple of winners we've had plenty.
And a little bit this year, just enough.
I think enough already.
Who is today's most overrated celebrities?
Our poll question, they are neo-rogyes.com.
Our very intellectual website.
We got 1489 votes.
I think when we get to 1500,
we swish it over to the one for tomorrow.
What do you think?
Because Eric's already got it up there for me.
So I saw Eric.
Thanks a lot Eric.
Enjoy those sandwiches.
What?
Sounds pretty good.
Yeah, when we get to 1500,
it should be any second.
That will make the big swish.
Today's most overrated celebrity.
So I guess this would be the last time I read this
and then when we get to, I will just switch it.
Paris held in 564, 38% of all the votes in Paris.
Dr. Phil 110.
He's the only other one in the triple digits.
Howard Spur 93.
But we're going to spend 13 bucks a month
to hear Howard and Robin and anything else.
Robin, is she going with him?
I'm assuming.
Oh, yes, the whole, the whole staff, right?
Bobbiboui.
Bobbiboui of who else?
Fred.
I don't know who that is.
He's, I don't know what he does anymore.
evidently you listen more than I did when we had that show on.
Well, I mean, I know who's on the show.
I've seen the e-show.
Arti is the comedian, so to speak.
I thought he's often artiated joke man.
The next Jackie, the joke man.
The joke man is all.
I don't know.
Anyway, Howard Spur 93.
Donald Trump 78.
Oprah 66.
Tommy Cruz 41.
Tommy.
Hey, you fairy.
I got to see that South Park.
In fact, I got to leave right now so I can go and find the work.
I can see it.
Kevin Figuila 39.
Jessica Simpson 39.
J. Lowe 32.
Man, is she bad or what?
With a big fat ass.
Victoria Gotti 29.
Martha Stewart 26.
Ashley Simpson 23.
Action.
Kuchikuchi 23.
Who used to look pretty good.
Not no mole.
Sarah Jessica Parker 23.
Nancy Grace 22.
Don I miss 21.
Adam Samber 19.
Katie Kirk 19.
And in the course of the 16.
Bono's got 16.
Smart ass.
Ryan Sequest 13.
Maybe he could be the new Pope.
Bono.
What do you think?
He looked good with him.
Little Red slippers on the Olsen twins 13.
Melissa Rivers 12.
Carson daily 11.
Nicole Richie 11.
Ben Affleck 11.
Jennifer Aniston still got 10.
Oh boy, that's criminal.
Clay's Aiken, Aynas 9.
J. Lino 9.
Carrotop 9.
Torrey Spelling 9.
Bill Mar 9.
Simon Cowell 8.
Tom Hanks 8.
Garber Strysan 7.
Lens Yelohan 7.
Terror Reed 7.
Greg Reed nuns still none.
No votes for Greg.
Hillary Duff 6.
Matt LeBlanc for that made his
Whistling in the hallway.
And I hit when they start doing it.
Whistling real loud in the hallway.
Your Whistland Dixie, honey.
We're going to get you deported.
The rock for how about those Christian
wrestlers?
How many they got Ray Romano 3.
Jimmy Kindle 3.
Joan Rivers 3.
Tom Bergerman 2.
Dakota Fanta and Paul Zanzelig out 1.
She's a bubblehead on a 14.
Number 90 votes.
Solomente Uno for Paula.
Well, Paula.
Remember those days after 9.
11 you probably don't.
What's always that weapons inspector?
Richard that British guy with a real heavy
affected the Richard Oji's.
I can't think of his name.
And then he had to remind every day on CNN.
Well, Paula, well, Paula.
I mean, he was okay.
It was telling the truth, but he was just obnoxious
and disgusting.
We don't like people who tell the truth
unless they're exciting and like they're got some
present like Michael Moore.
There's a guy.
We like Michael because he's a big fat guy and he
tells it like it is.
He's got a sense of humor.
Yeah, yeah.
What's and you anti Michael Moore people out there.
You you you know when you've got to catch you on a whole
rest of the world is on you.
I do a little traveling and find out what the world
thinks of the Bush Nazi regime man.
Okay.
You'll run for the hills when you find out.
And by the way, don't wear no American gear when you.
This is Neil Roger.
How's it going?
A. This is 5.
Sixty two.
A.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was the rejoin.
Yeah.
No rules just right.
I guess so.
That was the freaking rejoin.
That's it.
Oh my god.
You understand the stuff will keep track of everyone.
Out of control clearance.
Out of control.
Out of line.
Out of your mind.
In clearance.
You fair.
You idiot.
Don't lie.
All the hard burn.
Don't come to talk every time I see.
Don't come to talk.
That's me part and damn witch.
Don't come to talk.
I'll be here.
Please president of the ****.
Republicant muscle.
You know.
Why?
Yeah.
You want this?
Don't come to talk.
It's drumming stupidly.
I'll be gone.
Republicant muscle.
And this drum in which gear?
Don't come to talk.
Easy then.
No more than me.
That's what you do.
Please president of the ****.
You go care what it's all.
You got a man by her birth.
The Christian.
Home's what's best.
You and I.
And my home's home's future.
We've got a great leader.
With president of the ****.
I see a lot of similar house people.
You guys government.
They're living in a ****.
You got a great leader here, man.
We're like that.
Let them 45.
Thanks to the entire staff.
And that's what you should have said.
If you had any class, any cohorts, any decency.
I should have kissed everybody's ass and said thank you so much.
And I'm going to like whatever.
But no.
I did it my way.
Oh man.
All the ego all the time.
So you have always said if you're going to have a big fat ego,
you ought to have something to back it up with.
Like talent.
As opposed to making like blunder after blunder after a mistake after mistake.
But nevertheless, we got one vote on the new pool.
That's mine.
What's wrong with that?
Well, nobody else knew it was up there.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Now we got some votes.
I voted for slots.
What event of 2005 was the most significant to you?
Here's what I got on here so far.
Hurricane Wilma's got two votes.
Which I can easily understand that.
Slots get OK'd and rowed one at my vote.
Republican scandal slash indictments won.
And then the other choices.
The Terry Shiveau.
Cube debate.
Herp pause on the two thighs.
Although it was great the way they hit him on that slab.
Shlumping him around like a piece of meat.
That was pathetic.
Iraq elections.
I had no sex life.
I had, I got laid a lot or Hurricane Katrina.
Those are your choices.
OK.
Now in Josh's case, I got laid a lot.
Probably will be the choice to juror.
You're probably right.
Right.
Well, congratulations.
Hurricane Wilma's got three.
We got five votes in there already on the new pool.
And of course, we're still open to additions for it.
If there are any major events I left out, I can't think of any.
Can you?
No, but because I mean the tsunami was last December.
Yes, 2004.
A year ago.
Right.
Then I put the earthquakes and maybe I left that off.
Earthquakes and they don't care about that.
Nobody cares about that.
Let's face it.
Yes, significant to them.
I mean, you know, I mean, if we took that pool here,
we'd get a lot of votes because everybody from Pakistan and India is here.
But how many packies you got in South Florida?
About 30, man.
That's why there are so few cab drivers.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Tom 5, 60.
And I can't stop thinking about those two gaskies.
The Orthodox Jews at the airport in Skipold the other day in Amsterdam.
Oh, brother, that's great.
I just, well, I mean, you see them all the time, but it's just, I can't deal with it.
I'm thinking to myself, what, what do you think when you've had up this morning and put all this crap on?
And it was silly hats, you know?
The whole world.
That's why I keep telling you folks.
Just relax.
Okay, just enjoy your life through the best you can.
And don't get all, you know, I drive you crazy.
You're like Joe Mervik.
Like her husband, you'll blow your brains out.
And of course, if you were married to her, you'd probably want to blow your brains out anyway, right?
But that was his name Edgar.
I don't remember what it was, but, you know, who the hell wouldn't?
Getting nagged.
Can you imagine the nagging that went on in a household?
Oh, God.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I say all nagging women would be shot in 2006.
That's just, I'm just guessing, especially with a new Florida law now, the nagging law.
WQAN, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I didn't know I was on the air.
That sounds just like you.
Hey, you know what?
I mean, people never talk about the dividend tax breaks that are given to the rich people.
Yeah.
I mean, people don't seem to understand what's going on.
Uh-huh.
Well, you know what?
We don't care.
5670, 5660.
I don't know.
It's the middle of the holiday season.
And he's this guy wants to start an intellect.
Call up Al Franken and talk about it.
I don't care about the dividend.
I mean, all the tax breaks that are given to the rich people.
That's what it's all about.
They're taken from the poor.
This is Robin Hood and reversed as much as not C.J. Got in there now.
And the public is back like, what do we look like that?
Oh, yeah.
I think the war's going a little better now.
And they had no selection.
They are right.
Right.
What are we going to do about it, huh?
Sit here and wine and cry and belly on, by the way,
for the lady that called who was very nice before,
I'm sorry, I can't play the bird school broadcasting
because I don't have it.
It was not a this from 100 years ago that I don't have.
I'm surprised it's not in here, though.
Aren't you?
Very.
No, you're not.
You even know what that bit is?
I do have...
I have that.
They call him...
Bird.
Bird.
We heard every single little girl.
Now bird.
One little girl should be taken around.
Take her, take her.
Hang up right now.
Whenever you call,
you're one more mother crying at the show.
Go spread it to take me,
but you're simply because all of the lunch is with me.
Sit.
Bird.
Bird.
We say you'll bet just go away.
Bird.
Bird.
What have you gone up there to lay?
Bird.
Bird.
Bird.
What the hell were you laying up?
Bird.
Bird.
You know you're all back to lay,
to lay you up.
Bird.
Bird.
You know you're all back to lay,
to mother me.
Go.
Or is that copy of Save My Me?
Bird.
There's a subgroup for our lady for
In Back in the Zaytadays.
Kim Scover, this is good stuff.
First thing you kind of like vanished into Radio,
or Heaven, or Hill, is the case maybe.
He's still around somewhere, I'm sure.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60, and a Verizon,
sing it or while it's done.
Align, mark the March 1st on your calendar.
Now, what day of the year is that going to be?
What day of the week?
What day of the century?
March 1st?
Yeah.
Do we have a 2006?
No, otherwise, I would tell you.
I do in the other room though.
So during the break, I'll go and find out what day,
because it would be really bad if it turned out
it was like on a weekend or something like that.
Because I'm not coming in on a Saturday
to do an anniversary show.
I know that breaks your heart.
And you probably aren't either.
Although you probably would if you could put it on
a time sheet along with it.
Now, you go to the Bruins Panther game tonight,
put some hours on the time sheet.
I probably will be, yes.
Now, what do you mean probably will be?
In other words, I don't understand how this works.
You go when you feel like it is that the deal?
You know, it strikes you?
We'll see.
I go with someone else.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, to be honest,
it's just an hour's thing for me.
So, but yeah, I will be going tonight.
So, in other words, you just hang out there for an hour.
You put it on your time sheet.
I hang out there for two hours.
I hang out there for two hours.
No, you just sit for an hour.
So, you put in for two hours,
but you're only there for an hour.
No, no, no.
You're that clearance?
He puts down for two hours on the top.
And I'm there to hang it out for an hour.
Five to seven.
Yeah, my ass.
At any rate.
So, Josh will be there,
giving away tickets.
Just come on by the little bar there.
And, uh, what is lunch for Alan Cohen?
Be sure to tell Alan,
give away at least 50,000 tickets for a begin
that way they might get like 10,000 people showing.
It's hopeless.
They're playing pretty good though right now.
If we love the Panthers, yeah, et cetera.
That guy, the Leafs beat Pittsburgh last night,
had to go to overtime.
That was traumatic, but nevertheless.
12 points ahead of the Panthers,
if it had that eighth and final playoff spot,
that would be kind of embarrassing if Leafs said,
don't make the playoffs,
and it's like the Panthers would pull it together.
Still a long way to go.
And thanks again, Gary Batman,
for that stupid, two week break for the Olympics.
You idiot, you quizzling.
You're fairy.
WQAM, hello.
We got time.
Start it off.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think what is historically significant
about the year 2005,
yes, our Lord is so that deal that Howard Cup
with that satellite outfit.
The reason being,
is for one thing,
that he's going to bankrupt them.
There's no way,
there's no way they can pay him 100 million a year.
They're just putting it out there,
but that's what they're paying them.
Yeah.
But another thing,
that Connoly's rice creature was on the...
Connoly's, yeah.
She was on a TV.
She must have gotten beaten by a mistake,
because she always looks like she's just gotten beaten
and bruised and battered.
Yeah, she was here to look.
I'm telling you.
Yeah.
But Neil...
Hey, listen, have a happy new year.
Finally, your Lord.
56670560, the stern deal,
oh, I don't know,
because that's not going to really happen
until January of this coming year.
He signed the deal this last year.
Do we want to put that on there or not?
Well, actually, I think he signed the deal last year,
right?
Yeah.
Because he was still on this station.
In fact, that's right around the time
it would happen right after we put him on the year.
He starts promoting the fact that he's leaving
to Restoreal Radio,
and he's going to like a satellite.
That's what got infinity all by and out of shape.
And of course,
we, you know, are licenses like hanging by a sausage.
Speaking of license, how's that thing coming?
Clarence.
See, one good thing about Clarence,
he may not know much,
but at least he's consistent.
No matter what you ask him, he gives you like...
Yeah, the same answer.
Kind of like Greg Reed.
Hey, Greg, what time is it?
Yeah.
Yeah, like that.
Always the same answer.
So there's something to be said for consistency.
How's this thing coming on our new pool that we got up here?
And I'm sure we'll have some really heavy...
I don't think so.
I don't think a whole lot happened this last year.
I could be wrong.
Hurricanes and natural disasters,
global warming induced, of course,
but we don't want to say that.
And political scandal.
2005, what was the most significant to you?
Not necessarily the year, but to you.
Keep it personal.
56 as in Q56.
Don't you like that?
Oh, yeah.
56 votes.
How appropriate.
Of course, that won't stay that way.
All we could freeze it.
Hurricane Wilma 18.
Republican scandals and indictments 14.
I had no sex life.
Nine.
Hurricane Katrina and Yine.
Slots get OKed and Broward 3.
Solomantic trace.
And I'm sure Dan Atkins was one.
I was one and Dick Feinberg the other one.
I get laid a lot too.
I got laid a lot too.
That was Josh and somebody else.
Maybe it was whoever.
Maybe it was your girlfriend.
Which one?
The one that got laid a lot.
Terry Shibow, a tube debate, one about the...
I scrolled by the way,
Fat Ask Governor, Bortgen, I scrolled out President-T and Congress,
rushing back to Washington to vote on something so important as Terry Anderson.
That was...
That's showed you where the real thing is all about.
The embryo huggers, the fetus huggers, the religious fanatics, the nuttases,
Perp John Paul II dies and the recollection so far I've got the big one.
Oh!
I'll be damned.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.M.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on Q.A.M.
In theaters now, from the director of Men Wars of the Gatia,
a very rare Gatia, these artists.
It's a Men Wars of a Drunk Gatia, a Blind Ninja,
and a Lexos and Tolerites Sumo wrestler.
Did you bring your mind?
A piece of...
Men Wars of a Drunk Gatia, a Blind Ninja,
and a Lexos and Tolerites Sumo wrestler.
And to the occasion,
is to be judged as a moving work of art.
That's a good one.
That was just a raspberry, by the way.
Now don't get all panicky like you did yesterday.
Well, I did it again.
No, that was an explosion.
That wasn't what you thought.
All right, rewind it.
Rewind it?
You wind it?
In theaters now,
a manion,
from the director of Men Wars of a Gatia,
a very rare Gatia, these artists.
It's a Men Wars of a Drunk Gatia, a Blind Ninja,
and a Lexos and Tolerites Sumo wrestler.
Get the new one.
A piece of...
Men Wars of a Drunk Gatia, a Blind Ninja,
and a Lexos and Tolerites Sumo wrestler.
And to the occasion,
is to be judged as a moving work of art.
That's a good one.
See, it was just a squish.
That's all.
You're right.
My bad.
We like...
If you squeezed a zit,
and it went like...
Like that.
Or like...
We got that...
Where the hell is it?
I'll find it, like that.
Like that.
In fact, that's almost exactly what that was.
You're getting Joyce, man.
For a guy that put a thing on at the end of the show yesterday,
which I want to make sure the audience understands
I had nothing to do with.
Hey, that was a real call.
Well, yes, what?
That may have been a real call or whatever,
but the fact that it matter was,
I didn't hear it.
I don't even know what it was.
I mean, I think Robert Grieper played it.
Beats me.
Yeah, Robert Grieper is the one that put that shrillth on the year.
And of course, that was the Moe Show.
To do it, to do it.
Yeah, and as opposed to this clean family-time show
that we run.
Anyway, the French lawyers in some of the country's biggest terrorism cases say
they plan to bring legal challenges to determine
whether the National Security Agency used illegal wiretaps
against several dozen Muslim men tied to al-Qaeda.
The lawyer said in interviews that they wanted to learn
whether the men were monitored by the agency.
And if so, whether the government would help critical information
or misled judges and defense lawyers about how and why the men were singled out.
They expected legal challenges in cases from Florida,
Ohio, Oregon, and Virginia,
and another dimension of the growing controversy
over the agency's domestic surveillance program.
And could jeopardize some of the Bush administration's
most important courtroom victories in terracases legal analists to be seen.
The question of whether the NSA program was using criminal prosecutions
and whether it was improperly influenced them
raises fascinating and difficult questions that Carol Tobias,
a law professor at the University of Richmond,
who studied terrorism prosecution, et cetera, and so on.
And little follow-up to yesterday's story.
Made the news big time, Jeff Reardon.
You saw it, I'm sure.
I did.
Four-time, age-only baseball, all-star Jeff Reardon handed a jewelry store worker
to Palm Beach Gardens Mall.
A note that said, give money in jewelry or risk being shot.
And he said, he ran off of the bag of money Monday morning,
but an officer stopped and near the mall.
Police said he offered an office of an explanation.
I'm taking medication, and I'm sorry for what happened,
according to a police report.
He's taking medication like Rush.
Hey, Rush, can you hear me or what?
Reardon 50 of Palm Beach Gardens was arrested on an armed robbery charge,
for allegedly holding up Hamilton Jewelers at the Gardens Wall on PGA Boulevard.
The picture was known as the Terminator,
who helped the Minnesota twins win the 87 World Series,
didn't have a gun, where it was caught with 170 bucks they took from the store of the poli,
his family didn't need the money, said his wife of 28 years' feeble.
His career earnings are estimated about $11.5 million,
going to baseballreference.com.
This wasn't characteristic of him.
He's never been arrested or stolen anything,
his wife said.
We're presuming it's the medication he's on at precipitated this.
How do you like that?
It was a psychotic episode, he said.
He's been on antidepressant medication after his 20-year-old son's 2004 drug overdose death,
and was taking other medication, following a heart angioplasty last week, his wife said.
Phoebe Riddensetter has been told her after the arrest.
He didn't even remember what happened at the mall.
How do you like that?
I say give him a little cut a little slack, right?
He only made $11.5 million.
Yeah.
He's a little confused.
A kid committed suicide, the drug overdose anyway.
Probably watched that drone ribbers thing on Larry King,
that suicide show.
Oh man.
Enough to make your blow, somebody's brains out.
Especially at QIM, so many candidates.
$56.7.05.60, pound 5.60, and they've arrived in Singular Rhylisnant.
I don't think we're going to get any additions to our poll about the...
Although maybe somebody out there got married during,
or got divorced during 2005, maybe that was the most significant event.
Maybe they had a kid, or maybe they had to like triplets or quadruplets.
Huh?
Maybe somebody had an abortion.
That was significant.
And of course, if so, we'll come to your house and roll you away, but nevertheless.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Alkalneal, happy new year.
Back to you.
What is going on up in Toronto with this violence?
Yeah, I mean, it's...
I catch up to America, man.
Well, that's what I saw on the Internet today, that the Prime Minister is saying that it's because the United States'
RAC's gun laws that are coming over the borderline...
Then that's correct. The guns are pouring across the border here. You're correct about that.
Well, it's a shame. I know how much you love Toronto. I know people have gone up there. It's just...
Yeah, it's a shame.
Well, it used to be a really civilized place and still the statistics.
I mean, compared to the US, the big cities, it's still not even in the ballpark.
We're still way better than that.
But nevertheless, it's pretty...
We've had a rash of this crap.
And the overwhelming... There's been 78 people murdered this year in Toronto and 52 with guns.
Right. Right. That's right. There's an article in the nation on...
I've seen a few things on the web.
You don't think that the changes subject are all letting you go.
You don't think that tanks have in lunch today with Alan Cohen. Alan Cohen is going to beg you to...
beg him to tell you to lay low on the banters, do you?
No. No.
All right. Zikas, that was a good new year.
And back to you.
I don't know what that means. I mean, first of all, I never met Alan Cohen in my life.
Secondly, any of these owners know that I'm going to say whatever that I want.
And thirdly, what Hank knows about hockey or the Panthers, you've put in a thimble
and have room for a gigantic Ruben sandwich left over.
I just don't... I don't understand that.
And we'll find out tomorrow, won't we?
Don't let me forget to ask the Humper tomorrow about his big lunch with Alan Cohen, the owner of the Panthers.
Okay.
And at least he might find out something as opposed to here at QAM where we can't find out anything.
The audience is probably saying, well, you know, what is it that's going on?
I don't know.
We have no idea. Something's going on.
Something... something's things real bad.
Like sport, rotten fish in all over the building. That's the report I'm getting.
Even clearance admitted that this morning.
Clarence, by the way, is going to be really good in sales, you know what?
When you think he drives up to your establishment in his Jaguar,
the Flash and his $10,000 Rolex watch.
They'll take a really good one, by the way.
Yeah.
But, Josh Cordis is, he'll take a Rolex.
We got 100 votes even on the new pool. That's not bad.
It's been up there about 25 minutes. That's not too bad. Not great.
But then against the 20th of December, what do we expect? Right? Not too much.
We're getting a phenomenal response on the website, even before the show started.
And I have no idea.
What is that we put on there that got such a response?
Maybe the Satan article.
No, no, I'm not talking about the articles. I'm just talking about in terms of people going to the website.
I don't get it.
Now, not that I'm complaining by the way, Eric loves it. Eric is making at least 30 cents today.
Maybe 40.
About 30, man.
I'm not gonna carry it away about 30 cents off the website.
What event of 2005 was the most significant to you?
Republican scandals slash indictments, 28.
Hurricane Wilma, 26. Hurricane Katrina, 20.
I had no sex life, 13. I got laid a lot, six.
Slots of OK and Broward, five. Terry Shavo and the debate on her...
Chewb! Up here.
Pope John Paul, the tooth dies and a recollection so far both have the big nothing.
Zero. Oh, man.
You Catholics are gonna burn in hell. The Holy Father.
The Holy Father was carried around in that slab with those little sandals he was wearing.
And you people have no rocks, monies, man. What's wrong with you?
And then they put that new BDI Nazi Pope in there.
Oh, my goodness. You've got even snappier red sandals in the old Pope.
Because this one's a fashion plate.
How can you say that about the Holy Father?
Well, it's not a Holy Father. It's just an old guy in a dress with a silly hat on.
Nice head gear, by the way.
Can I have something like these vishops or the Cardinals, they all get together?
And they blow a lot of smoke.
And like one minute, a guy is just a guy in a dress.
And next one, he's the Holy Father in a dress.
Isn't that amazing? Oh, yeah.
Wow. Holy Father.
Somebody hit him with a magic wand or something.
Or an ugly stick.
WQAN, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I first want to thank you.
I tell you that water one else is out, you know, towns.
And you're the team captain and you're putting in your hours.
I want to thank you for that.
And just other, I dreadful time of year.
But just wait till Friday and Monday.
You'll see how much I'm on a year.
Oh, well, you deserve it, buddy.
I do.
Listen, I've never watched the news locally or anything, but they never speculate on why
Son G's son committed suicide or what was going on with that?
He had issues. He was depressed.
That's all I heard.
I tried to find more about that, but I just, they don't really know.
He had something.
You know what I was wondering since his daddy had that undefeated team, maybe he made a real big bet with somebody that they were going to go undefeated.
And as soon as the cold splashed, somebody wanted to cash in if you don't need it.
Yeah.
I wanted to try to get shame because the, I hear they're really nice people.
Okay.
All right, David.
I'll pass your sympathies along to the WG family.
Thank you so much.
Oh, man.
That was sweet.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless lines.
Well, you know, one thing about the dead, man, I mean, you know, I know this flies in the face of what I'm supposed to think and what I'm supposed to say, but I don't really care what I'm supposed to think or say because I only think what I want to think and what I say.
See what I'm saying?
It's what you're saying.
And, you know, once you're dead, that's it.
And just like life is for the living, you know, I mean, you can, you can, I'm not saying that you don't mourn your loved ones and stuff like that, but you know, you can ring your hands and woe as me, introway to west of your life.
Or you can be like our link letter and go out and fight drugs, you know.
Guys like 90, 190, 90, 90 years old and he still looks the same art link letter.
Not that you have any idea who that is, but Larry King he's putting them on because Larry wants somebody who looks older and more decrepit than he is, but actually art was better than Larry.
Snathy suspenders by the way, Larry.
Uh-huh.
You're looking great.
How many Q.A.M. Hello?
Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, no.
Yes, sir.
Uh, do you know when Dwayne Gatsby is going to get back to head touching the Phoenix Wild?
The Phoenix Wild?
Yeah, yeah.
I love hockey.
I love Dwayne Gatsby.
The great Gatsby.
Yeah.
You know, Bill Gatsby.
Yeah.
Okay.
That was probably Alan Cohen calling in the owner of the Panthers.
Probably sharing some of the knowledge you got from Melancholud Hank today about hockey.
That is most amusing.
It's almost as amusing as Fat Boy is going to bring us some coffee this hour for that spot at the end of the hour, which I'm sure he's not.
Nice job there, Fat Boy.
You are doing it.
This is the annual Roger.
This is 5.60 Q.A.M.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
It's a great game.
Game Cowboy, Science.
Game Cowboy, Movement.
It's a great game.
Across 16, I forget the official motto of 2005 in America, GGW, Goi-In-Gone Wild.
The video is coming out this month, I believe.
141 hosts on our poll, what about 2005?
What's the most significant to you?
Hurricane Wilmo 44.
Republican scandals and indictments 36.
Hurricane Katrina 25.
I had no sex life 18.
I got laid a lot, seven.
Slots get OK and Broward 6.
Terry Shaveo debate on her tube for Pope John Paul II dies one.
I finally enverte somebody to vote for the old, the Geaser.
And the recollection is none.
By the way, speaking of Geaser and the Beaser, I was watching the Panther game the other night and they had a...
Oh my God!
I remember the Beaser.
I remember the Beaser.
I'm trying to think of what he was on there promoting or representing or what it was.
Something with the organization and it was the Beaser on there.
Maybe it was a commercial thing.
I probably better bite my tongue.
Because we like all the sponsors of everybody, you know?
Yes we do.
And I talked to myself, why in the world would they have the Beaser?
A racist slime ball like the Beaser on there associated with the Panther organization again.
That was bad.
It was on their telecast.
It was almost as bad as listening to these spot fans.
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop like that.
That was kind of amazing what the guy said before about how Alan Cohn is going to try to get Hank to...
Or get me to lay off on the Panthers like what?
What am I said about the Panthers?
That isn't true.
At the beginning they were thinking to join out after the first couple of games and they were playing embarrassingly poorly and they lost 8 million in a row.
And now they've been playing really good.
Well, and they've won like 4 out of the last 7 and got a regulation tag against the flyers and lost in the shoot out.
And they're starting to move on up a little bit on the east side and on the west side as well.
So I just tell them like it is and also about those phony attendance numbers.
You're not fooling anybody.
Oh, we had 17,000 and they always say an announced crowd of whatever.
They have to like have a... they have to preface it with announced crowd as if to say,
well, they're pretending that we had like X number of people but there were like 5,000 people there.
You know, an announced crowd.
How about an announced crowd of like 80,000?
You know, the place only holds 20,000.
But how about we announce 80,000 people were there.
That's how great it was.
You don't want to miss a second.
WDQ, where you in? Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right, well, no.
Yeah.
One that I'll probably vote for will be the sloth because it's going to affect me personally.
Hopefully we'll get some real Casino gambling at the Indian Reservation through that.
However, I didn't notice if you had John Roberts getting appointed on the poll.
That's a pretty significant event.
It is?
Well, I think for years to come, it's going to affect our civil liberties.
Yeah, how sad.
I think so.
Okay.
I'll almost stick it on there.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
And Harry Myers, by the way, says thanks a lot too.
Thanks.
Okay. Let's put that on there.
John Roberts.
I thought he was going to talk about John Roberts and CBS News with a gray here.
Didn't you?
You don't even know who that is.
John Roberts?
Yeah.
Didn't he use the...
I'm not talking about that one.
I'm talking about the one from CBS News.
Anyway, moving along.
I'm sure that Josh watches ABC News.
He likes the religious segment at the end, especially about the Christian wrestling.
Anyway, John Roberts...
How would we say it?
Get appointed to the Supreme Court.
John Roberts appointed the Supreme Court.
Very sad what's going on in your American boys and girls while everybody's worried about Walmart.
That's the sad part.
It's like a...
It's a side show.
It's a freak show.
I mean, not that I like Walmart or anything like that because George has got a huge bug up his ass about Walmart.
My idea is, I know this is a novel concept.
I just don't shop there.
I just don't go there ever.
I'm sure he doesn't either.
Well, but I'm just saying.
That's the way I deal with my feelings about Walmart, but I don't have to go there or shop there or worry about who's getting paid one or whatever.
I do pass along with good bedtime stories about it because it makes for a good comedy.
Like Santino, I've ever played too much comedy with that young girl.
What is that?
I thought I still had the Godfather thing here.
Well, I'll just play that.
A lot of broken back mountain vets.
They're all over the place.
That Bearback Mountain.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Near, how you doing?
Pretty good, Pellie.
How did you...
You said Goyom got wild.
The guy...
Did you talk about the story a couple weeks ago from the guy from Girl's Gone Wild?
How it is...
It was on TV and he was...
He was broken into and he was forced to do something on camera by gunpoint, but...
They took the guy to court so the video wasn't released.
What do you think they could have made him do at gunpoint where he doesn't want the video released?
Welcome.
What do you say?
I said, have a happy New Year.
I didn't see that.
Did we have that story?
I never saw you see that.
I don't think so.
Now, he did something to gunpoint.
See, this guy's trying to give me to say like some sexual thing.
Who the hell knows?
How do we know what he did?
For her?
Calling a clean family show like this and certain would like some sexual any window.
Shame on you.
Joyce is going to come and kick your ass, man.
And probably make you do the same thing that he had to do.
To her.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hey, Neal.
Got a significant moment.
Yes?
It happened in February of last year.
Yeah.
No.
I thought, yeah, I can't believe he was actually saying something though.
It was fascinating.
56670560, Pond 566, the Verizon and Singular.
It's just amazing.
It really is scary when you come right down to it.
It's a number of people.
It's not just him and his boyfriend or the one or two of men.
The number of people, this show is not a radio show.
It's a radio show plus it's a hobby.
See what I'm saying?
It's like a religion.
Like stamp, no, it's a hobby.
It's like stamp collecting, coin collecting, golf.
It's a hobby.
And so therefore there are these vast numbers of people out there.
And four hours every single day, this is their hobby.
This is what they do.
I'm not talking about the past of people and listeners who are generally speaking the same ones.
I'm talking about people just day after day, minute after minute, hour after hour,
just over and over and over.
It's just shocking.
Shocking.
This is a sociological experiment, this is a program.
This is just a radio talk show.
This is a lesson for you in life.
And also of course for...
I have no life.
Right, having no life.
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.?
Yeah.
Yep.
I'm so bad.
Good.
Congratulations.
I'll pass it along.
Q.A.M. Hello.
That was mode doing the voice.
Q.A.M.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I've purchased the pure fire from pain.
That oh...
Yeah, great.
567.0561.
First of all, we don't have any purifier from pain or anything like that.
He's talking about the flavor wave, maybe.
Good.
I hope you like it.
Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm the black.
Well guess what?
Where's the answer for you?
Ron?
There's Prozac, Ron.
Check it in.
I hope some of those guys from Toronto over.
Hopefully you're checking out.
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
A. Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you know what all about James Dungee's brother cock it out, Dungee?
He was also there with him.
Yeah, that's what he was.
See, at that point, that's when he's supposed to stop, you know?
But he's just practicing.
Now, you know, practice makes perfect.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You ought to go online and just Google Tony Dungee.
Why?
And see, because I did a little while ago.
Okay.
Just to see if there was like any new information about, you know, why his son committed suicide or died.
And the venom that's on there, and it goes all the way back about the thing with Torell Owens and the current that I spot with the promo with Nicolai Sheridan and the comments that Tony Dungee made then.
And about, we're glad that what a horrible parody must have been just unbelievable.
Because as you well know, the internet is a breeding ground.
It's like a gathering ground for misfits, for hate.
You think this show is like, I mean, we're like little league compared to the internet.
Yes, that's where they meet and greet.
And the WQAM, hello.
It was a wonderful WQAM.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Why aren't you at your website address?
neowriters.com, NEIL, ROG ERS.
NEIL, ROG ERS.com.
What are you looking at?
Can I get a lesson to radio on there?
You sure can.
Okay, we're good.
Thanks, Pally.
Thanks.
Okay, see, there's a guy that came to know who we could, and we are streaming today.
Let's hear it.
We're tracking engineering staff.
We're staff and whoever, how about that?
Fix it and whoever back there was fixing it yesterday because we went through the end of the Monday and we weren't streaming it.
No dropouts either.
Huh?
No dropouts either.
No dropouts.
We got the big now.
Not your right.
The big go on the dropouts.
In fact, the number of the dropouts matches the ratings of the station across the street, 790.
So, Vine Mike yesterday gave us some good inside poop.
In fact, if we really want to find out what's going on with Greg Reed and QAM and all the other stuff going on, let's call up Vine Mike.
This is me, the rocket fantasy of Eagles and Mike Ben.
This is 516-780.
Remember, this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
You're not gone out of road.
Stop this fan image.
I'm gonna tell those fan what I heard of.
I'm gonna tell them everything I know.
I'm gonna break up the signifying,
Whoa, people, everybody's got to go.
You know, Neil Torell Rich.
Richie Torell, the burden,
Boy, Torell Annie, any Torell mother.
Tell her, rather, two don't stop me talking.
I'm gonna tell them everything I know.
Oh, no, there was a little bird that Cacular in the end of that.
That was Dion singing to us right in the studio at IOD.
Can you believe that?
That's fantastic.
He's great.
Dion is great.
He hates us like he used to love me in the show,
but in fact, did a couple of appearances with me.
Is that right?
But he hates me now?
I don't know if he does anymore,
but he's sent a letter when we start to play in this bit.
Here's my story, said but true.
And I guess Ernie Marreska, a friend of his, wrote that.
Ernie Marreska also had it one hit,
Shout, Shout, Knock yourself out,
which I'm sure you never heard.
And he missed nothing.
But anyway, and Ernie was offended by the fact
that we did this parody on syphilis on Run Around Sue.
A butter girl called syphilis Sue.
And so Dion requested that I stop playing that,
and I said, no.
No.
I had a bug and ran it around.
Yes, and I guess he and two went ahead, well, right?
Nice hit, you're going to be on.
I like it, fly.
Hey, hey, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm a part of all I'll always be with you So stay away from a simple and sweet suit And I'm talking about that I should've seen on my side No, the set of a friend of mine He got his back to know I've got it too So keep away from a simple and sweet, yeah, hey Keep away from that girl Hope that I've never known now, keep away from truth
She like to sleep around, God, it's dinner with my bad dinner We didn't get a start to call Now I'm afraid of falling off here's the moment I'm sorry for the guy who knows You used to have a hoax where this fungus goes And scared the whole life she ever knew I keep away from a simple and sweet, yeah, keep away from that girl She know, if you gotta see her, she's gonna be with you
I'm gonna be with sense of humor even just a minimal sense of humor and that's a great bit, wouldn't you agree? Oh, yeah, I was just gonna say he must have no sense of humor
Well, there you go or maybe Ernie Moresco didn't have who knows what I don't know
It just seems to me that it's more like a tribute to the original song and it makes people say hey, I remember that run around
Sue, you know by Dion I'm gonna go out and buy it right now, but nevertheless
Still like you Dion even if he ate me like poison. That's so there is the way it goes
Wednesday March 1st is ass Wednesday. How do you like that?
Nice for that 30th anniversary show. It's
Ass Wednesday so I can rub some asses on my back some ashes on my ass is perfect
That'd be great. Yeah, so there you go Wednesday March 1st market down in your calendar
And that would be a really big day. Maybe the pope will come and bless the new Roger Show
That would be good like that one CD I did that year the best of CD where they had me dressed up as the Pope on a cover
And a couple of people got all bent out of shape. That's just graceful. In fact, I think we got a voicemail on that
Uh, let's see
I'm sent most of the time I find in highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement in the paper
How dare you all be so insulting to us?
It's the Christmas season and you represent them as the Pope. You think it was a bit it was
And it should have been done
I wonder if this was something to do with this beauty
Judaism
Whether it was we could say well as anti-Semitic it's racism so it shouldn't be done
But the Catholics can be kicked around like this. Yes, no
Inso how dare you people do this
You should take down an apology the same size as that ad in the new state
Yeah, how do we lady go? I don't need somebody some child molesters would be good idea
560 at 0560 talk about a humorless bitch
Hey
So just for equal time maybe we'll come out with a CD where we got some getskies and orthodox
You would have big head on there and the tallest in the past in the uh to fill in the whole thing
Whatever we can put up to get new voicemails
Exactly. There you go. Get great new voicemails from offended people because that's what we're here for basically to offend people
That's right
560 560 well, I can't wait for two today, you know
I would say one Monday when I'm not going to be here Monday George will be here Friday and Monday and more power to him
And he'll be sending you like 10,000 bedtime stories don't forget to tell him by the way because I'm not going to be patching right well
I guess I could
What do you think what should I do the stories on because I could be yeah
Why is that because I said better stories are because I don't send as many of them uh both yeah right get out of here
George is a fine job with those stories how could there be any better stories he sent you every story that it's a on every website
Invented that's true. So he doesn't miss too much
But he sends a lot of he sends a lot of blogs and stuff. Yeah, which are
Oh
Makes it a pain in the ass. Yeah, I guess I'll do it. I can handle it
I'm trying to think if there's one day in there when I'm out and I'll just always be somewhere where I can do it for you
560560 let's get a whole bunch of calls in here. I feel great today. I'm ready for a big day
I would mind I'm gonna plunge my guts out
Go over there and hit the jackpot. Did you see you probably didn't see because it's a Canadian story a
Casino and I agree yesterday woman at the mega mega box slots
She on the same pool she won the um
Secondary jackpot, which is about eight grand okay, and she won the big jackpot on the same pool of three million and some odd
She in other words, the main one is short. She won 3.2 million on mega bucks on a dollar machine
Was it and you want to know why why it was a good machine mine
Damn right at the good. Yeah, 3.2 million. I just say anti-slot. I take it home when there you go
Take that machine home. That's right. She could probably buy the machine for 3.2 million
That would be I don't know that you mentioned that would be kind of fun. I'd like to have my own
If I want three million on a slot, I'd do what I had to do to take it home and hang it up somewhere
No, what I was gonna say is I think all over you have to be like um
You have to be a genius to figure out a lot of computerization stuff
And you open up the brain of the thing and it's got all these little computers
So even if you had one to do with at home and the computer at the machine as well
You still wouldn't be able to figure it out. No. See that's what I want
I want the insight and I know it exists
But boy these people lie and they lie and oh, it's all just read them. Say no, it's not. No, it is not
Sooner or later. It's gonna pay like that songs is soon or later that thing know it's gonna pay
It's gonna be a good machine mine
We just have no idea when or why or whatever
Don't start with that slot crap. Okay. Get all these little ladies out there losing other
Hall of I money at these slots. Well, maybe when they come down here. I'll go win my three million
Well, why not of course is let me just say this you're gonna have a hard time doing it if you don't play
Correct. It's kind of like it's like it's like a horse race if you're not in it. It's hard to win it
All right, look here's what I'm gonna do. I'll tell you right now
That's what Wally Hennessey used to say if you ain't in it you ain't gonna win it when we get even if you are in it
You ain't gonna win it while I go ahead. I'm sorry when we get real slot machines
I'm gonna I'll go spend 40 bucks on slots wow 40 bucks if I don't win
I don't win anything six or thirty. I'll never play again
Well, so what is that prove? Just you know, just try them out for one time in my life
And let me ask you something suppose there's a machine like for example the last time I was with bind before vacation
I like put a couple hundred bucks at a dollar machine didn't do much and then the next pool it paid 400 on the line
You don't know when it's gonna pay off
Well, I'm not gonna sit there and spend my paycheck on the spot paycheck
Thousands man. We're talking big bucks all those hours you've got it those hockey games those bogus hours
You put on the time sheet wait till clearance gets wind of that
Not that buddy. He's got bigger fish to fry than your poultry puny paycheck believe you me. Oh brother
There is stuff going on there's an earthquake going on inside QA. I'm the only problem is nobody knows
Anything about it that that's the only deal
We're feeling it, but nobody knows what it's all about
There's a major tumultuous earthquake and you know what who carries just give me the check
Hey speaking of Wally, Hennessy all you horse racing fans and poker players
Pompato Park racing and poker is your place to celebrate new years of you
How about a four-course dinner at the top of the park rest drunk plus champagne and party favors at midnight
Also, there will be music and dancing all night long even after midnight or maybe play poker till the stroke of midnight and celebrate with a free
Champagne toast or gamble until you have a stroke and don't forget
Pompato Park also features the world's only midnight mile with last race starting in 2005 ending in 2006
Here they come Wally hit him again. Okay. Look back. See if Dan Capelo is coming
Now we don't forget to what's back at Pompato Park. It's everybody's favorite. It's free spaghetti dinner night Monday, January the second
That's correct as purchase of Pompato Park program for Monday, January 2 and get a free spaghetti dinner coupon for money net on the fourth floor
Even Mickey McNichols shocked by that
Pompato Park features free admission and free general parking every day
Live harness racing in the poker room or when every Monday, Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday
Poker starts at noon. It's going on right now as I speak and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 p.m. Including two night
And don't forget every Monday night. There's two for $25 dinner special at the top of the park rest room on the sixth floor
And every Wednesday like tonight is down in night for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more Pompato Park and Pompato Park
Harness is also open every day a night seven days featuring the best and simile casting
Harness through but highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on
So bring a suitcase full of money Pompato Park a black south of a nine equal of our non-power line road for the new racing
Schedule call 954
972 2000 around the wicked web. It's Pompato Park dot com
This is new Rogers
This is 5.60 Q
Dumb ass dirt
We
Kristen

I'm doing like a dancing, I'm a Jew to my hand, who would have cooked for him.
Like I got ants in my hands, when they mold the fly, makes a sound like a crunch when I walk this way.
Make my spare time in my behind, or you'd have picked the thing who buries away.
Make an attrail right down to my hand, in their talk, out of the tat.
Single-fancy motions of jickromanry.
I got the thing who buries, I got the thing who buries away.
I got the thing who buries away.
From 47 no-dory today, we got the Curtis Stevenson and Troy Stratford, two and a six, not just the most show, but the mad dog show, four exciting hours.
See, if you're like Troy, what would you rather be doing?
Would you rather be out selling and servicing your counts and going and getting some great new accounts on a year and making some money, or would you rather be like a stupid star, and be on a radio pretending to talk a sports crab?
That's what he chose.
That's the problem with Troy. He can't figure out, he'd rather be a celebrity. He wants to be a stupid star. He don't want to be an old like a sales hole.
I mean, what kind of a person wants to be a sales hole anyway, huh?
Who wants to go to some stupid dance school, Lee Roy?
And then we got to Jesse Ageru, just for a brief half hour from the Bank Atlantic Yettacenter, from 6 to 6.30, as a way of previewing the big Panther game.
Why would you like to be a fly and a walker that loves between Alan Cohen and the Humper, wouldn't you?
I would.
What is that all about?
The Zara pairing there.
6.30 got the Panther preview, 7 o'clock the Bruins in time to play the Panther.
Is the Bruins suck big time?
What's the Bruin?
And Lenny Martez speaking to sucking big time. Lenny Martez after the honking until 2 in the morning, if you can handle it.
He'll keep you awake. He'll keep you tossing and turning.
I'll tell you who else will keep you tossing and turning.
A fat boy is in, where's that copy for that spot?
Oh, geez.
Now, what did he say to you, David? He couldn't you talk to him?
I did.
And what did he say?
He said he was driving down to arm. This was yesterday morning.
Yes.
He's driving down to Armstrong Ford, right now.
He didn't get there yet.
Who can say?
And.
And that was it.
Oh, in other words, he wasn't going to do this any copy or anything.
Okay, we just go in there.
Maybe he was going there to get the copy.
Uh, I haven't heard from him.
I see.
239 votes on a poll.
What about the 2005 was the most significant to you?
Hurricane Wilma, 86.
Republican scandals and indictments, 54.
Hurricane Katrina, 34.
I had no sex life, 28.
I got laid a lot, 11.
That's Josh and 10 other lady friends or 10 other friends.
Uh, Terry Shivo, the debate on her.
Chew!
9.
Slots get OK'd in Broward, 7.
Not too excited about that, huh?
John Roberts, who put it in the Supreme Court, got 6.
Are you schmitting me or what?
Well, get out of here.
That's the most significant thing in the last year.
John Roberts?
God.
I mean, when you stop and think about it, he wound up eventually
because Rengquist croak he wound up becoming the Chief Justice.
So what's the difference there?
You got one not, see me replace by another one.
And that's not the part that's going to change anything.
But at any rate, uh, Pope Paul the two thighs, three now.
See, we got the sympathy vote after I made a big stimulus about that.
And the Iraq elections, it's all about the ill know.
You find a guy one for those Iraq fixed elections.
Excellent.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Maybe Deon will call in.
You think?
No.
Well, why not?
Come on, Deon.
Kiss the makeup.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Neal.
Yes.
Hey, I was questioned.
Are the Neal God bumper stickers ever going to come back?
Oh, get out of here.
You think this outfit's going to put out bumper stickers?
Oh, I found one, man.
I'm waiting.
Yeah.
I could.
I want one.
Yeah.
I want one too.
Neal God bumper stickers.
Yeah.
This outfit, you know, people wouldn't believe this story.
But if I did write my book, one of the things that have to put in there that I still can't believe.
It's got to be about five, six years ago.
And I see people walking around and they've got these QA and caps, like a baseball cap, and t-shirts.
Okay.
Now, we used to have those at IOD and just about every other station I've worked for.
It's had like promotional t-shirts or caps or whatever.
You know, giveaway stuff, bumper stickers.
And of course, this cheap ass outfit, their idea of promotion is to be like walking some guy with a sandwich board on his ass for five minutes on Lincoln Road Mall.
I mean, they just don't believe in it.
And so, somebody is telling me, I said, well, those are really nice.
And they said, well, for like 20 bucks, you can have the cap.
And I think the t-shirts are like, but.
They were selling them.
If you wanted one, you had to buy it.
And I'm not talking about the public.
I'm talking about the members of the staff.
I guess this preceded your being involved.
Yes.
But you can ask around and they'll tell you, it's the MS, it's the truth.
You had to buy your own QA and cap and or t-shirt.
And I said, El Paso, no, thank you.
Is that incredible or what?
They're talking about cheap.
And this guy thinks we're going to put out bumper stickers to promote this show.
They're 20 bucks.
First of all, what does this show have to do with sports?
That's what his station is all about.
Greg Wheaton is obsession with sports.
Maybe we'll get a manager in there to realize that this is more than just a sports station.
That the bread and butter is here and then only non-sports show on the station.
This is the meat and potatoes baby, the bread and butter and the head cheese.
This is where it's at.
The halivon, the mutaballs.
And the kichki and the griveness.
That's where it's at.
Ten to two baby.
Oh, it's not a sports show.
It's just that filth that dough.
And also maybe if we get new men, maybe we'll be able to play the fart sounds again.
Maybe we'll have somebody that stands up to Joyce and says, hey guess what?
The FCC doesn't care about fart sounds.
You bitch.
That's what we need.
Somebody that stands up to corporate legal instead of like, you know, and of course we don't have to look at the stand on.
You don't call up Joyce and say, you're good.
You splat you more.
Yeah.
Because he made his own bed.
Now he's like floundering in it.
That's the problem.
Too many fairytales, too many lies, too many backdoor deals, all that stuff.
You know what I mean?
Backdoor deals.
Backdoor.
Yep.
So that's the way it goes, Greg.
Good luck to you.
Or not.
560.560.560.
The Verizon singular wireless lines.
These phones ought to be smoking today, baby.
Actually they have been at bed this week.
See the reason they're not doing much today like yesterday.
Yesterday we were building that stupid ass poll about, yeah, I got one, you know, with names, just a name.
Hey, we got that John Roberts.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
WNQ-A-M, Stale Rodgers, hello.
And here's the boy friend, checking in.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
And Rodgers, are you just saying real?
Yeah, crank it up a little bit.
Okay, stick it in the back of the phone.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
See, this thing is not...
Now, this thing is having a problem.
The phone is rejecting these calls.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see Dawson talk of people to crack that?
That guy's like, I'm not sure if you're interested in that.
Actually, I missed that part and I missed that part of the game thing.
Goodness, because I'm not really into that at all.
And then he got $5,500 bucks, which if he got suspended a game,
it would have been like thousands, you know.
The $2,500, that's what I mean us.
Right, that's correct.
I'm being knocking Darcy Tucker, man.
He's the...he to man.
I love him.
If that rest of the team was playing like Darcy Tucker,
we'd be kicking some serious ass.
I'll tell you who's on Fireman, his buffalo.
What's with those sabers, eh?
It's that Ryan Miller.
They're all Fireman, they're good.
Absolutely.
Okay, that's an O'Hockey talk, thank you.
I'll tell you who's...I've always said it before.
I mean, it's not like anything new.
Rick Generette, he's so good.
I just... luckily, I have the hockey package
and usually when the sabers are playing to get the buffalo telecast,
he is just so great.
When he scored a couple of goals in about 30 seconds the other night,
he's just too good to be true.
Rick Generette.
I mean, he's no guilty, but, you know,
see that another thing that makes South Florida bush league down,
when even Buffalo has got a great sportscaster in South Florida,
has got like Jimmy Cifilis and Gell D stuff like that.
It's got to tell you a son, look in the mirror, man.
Look around and see where you are.
Okay?
That's what we do at QA and we look around and see where we are.
We say, oh, oh my God.
Till payday.
1256 at QA, and the truth is when you hear a compariel CY Ford
is the best selling brand of vehicles in the entire USA.
And it's out for the only Ford dealer to shop.
That is Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
Now, the holidays are here.
Fat boys down there right now, they're running up some new
deals for you, by the way.
The holidays are here and maybe your car was damaged during
Wilma.
Maybe you just want a great new ride.
Now is the time to get on down and see our different David Rich
and let David put your big fat ass behind the wheel of a great new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford, Homestead, they got fantastic carcass
and incentives waiting on you.
You get $1,000 cash back or financing is low as 0% on a Ford 500-free style.
It's $5,000 cash back on Explorer Expedition.
How about two grand cash back on Escape and $2,500 cash back on focus,
a certain restriction supply.
When you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll also get like I've been telling you for a very long time,
the exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
You heard right, tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford will guarantee the best price
and like I always say too, because it's a locally owned and operated joint.
They're going to give you velvet glove treatment.
They'll treat you like family because they want you back again and again.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace, no bait and switch, no phony deals.
So give David Rich a call at 305-247-51-12 and tell David you want the
Neil deal.
He'll say, Neil, who's that?
Armstrong Ford at Homestead, 307-25 South-Tixie Highway, 20 minutes south of the 836
and easy driving well worth it believe you may.
Check them on the web, armstrongcars.com, then drive those few miles extra to save
yourself thousands of dollars at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-R.
Hi, it's Bernie the dinosaur.
If you look at the clock, boys and girls, you'll see that it's the one-two-hour.
I can tell time.
Actually I'm so rich.
I can hire somebody to tell time for me.
All right.
Everybody pays, everybody, all the time.
That's the way of life in Florida.
That's the movie.
It's where it's a fresh hour of the day, and they don't want to hear.
You'll find they're added to a price-hour with a machine a friend looks like you to the ball.
Then you'll be a friend-lock of a tower.
I throw in the sun when cold is mad at me.
You're fair as red-eyed, hey, as red-eyed, all the time.
Oh, I'll die if it's you.
Something that's really just what they do from top of all people.
What I wanted at 5.60 now, I'm thinking I got a whole bunch of stuff cute up here because I'm thinking about that one-two-hour comedy-bits.
Yeah, what happened to that for the holidays?
Well, I mean, I got stuff ready.
And there's not a single call on the board.
See what I was going to do was take a call.
And then if it seemed promising, we're going to get a lot of really great calls in this one-two-hour.
Then I maybe put that on hold.
You like for tomorrow.
What happens if there's no calls like right now?
Well, in that case.
Come on, I'm going to have to get a lot of things to do.
I am over here, and I'm all over there.
So when, Phil, he took you to lunch, Hans?
Yes, and he may be paid for it.
Why, that no good, much better.
Made me want to sacrifice myself on the sacred altar of Bush.
That reminds me of the time I had lunch with him in New York.
We were sitting in a mullipink on room in the second avenue, Delhi.
You see it in my place, folks?
Yes.
You know what I was going to eat?
You have to have a picture of Pat Koopa on the wall.
Over there.
Oh, yeah.
Here's a good pickle.
Yeah, do it, you know what I mean?
And by the way, some.
What's the more of the pickle?
The classic soup?
Was that leafy?
Yeah.
Are you ready to learn any of that, which is just a little bit?
I don't have a cookie, a poker, a cooler.
That's what we were going to be doing on the outside.
And you say?
You see that there?
He called me Sir.
Now that's a man who knows who I am.
They'll have a Dr. Brown's black dress.
But very.
Was it twist of lime, of course?
Oh, lime?
Did I say lime?
Surely.
You're a man of dissonance taste.
I highly recommend it, twist of lime.
Just for you to give it Dr. Brown's plain.
Before I twist it, oh.
It's very good, sir.
Get a little of that, Dr. Brown's.
So I look like Goyam.
They got coach floor on the chin.
So what if I do?
I'm leaving anyway.
Who got what are you leaving for?
Well, I, I try to end this bit.
Goyce and all.
Oh, you.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
That's it.
WQAM, hello.
Okay, nobody on that one.
QAM, hola.
Only one.
Solomente Uno.
Solomente Uno.
Only one.
What do you say?
Sololuna Spina.
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Slot machines.
There's a place I got.
I got them in Daytona.
They used to be one in Coral Springs, but he closed.
If you want to, I'll tax you the number.
You need a wire slot machine?
Yeah, I pay $254.
No, thanks.
With directions.
No, thanks.
It's a good way to punch your gut.
Anyway, I have a good holiday.
I'm back to you.
Okay.
So like I said.
Tonight on Al Jazeera, it's the Muslim World's number one sitcom.
It's the Muslim World's only sitcom.
Everybody loves Ramadan.
Starring Ray Romano as everybody's favorite radical cleric.
We've got an outsider.
Hello.
This is Tim Orleans.
I've had him all day.
Always a famous.
Heard his, your woman.
I mean, with women, give me like,
I'll tell you what you're paying for at okay.
Or I'll come on.
He ever told me to run and watch you okay.
There you go.
Brad Garrett as I yine allowing.
A dial poker piece deal that adjoys US food sweet drum from the job.
And Peter Boyle has the grand eye until the Ali Al Sistani.
Holy war.
Everybody loves Ramadan.
Hello, Sunni.
He hides.
Hello, Ramadan.
That's tonight and every night of November followed by two and a half strong men.
And CSI's hot air city on Al Jazeera.
There boys write.
He's in place.
Now we have the whole earth at a place.
A task for reception.
A task for people.
I assure you everything's going on back.
He's through the drain.
He's the task.
He's the place of a guy with a task.
He's got people flying to play hospital minds.
And some bad everything's going on back.
He's.
How hard he is.
He stands the bird on the skin.
And how hard it is he.
Let's hear some doctors and whiz.
Concurs are worse.
I think when I rise.
I rise myself to be a power and fire.
No.
He stands to be a big step step.
And as you will, he stands to be a big step.
I'm dying on the earth.
I was.
There was this need.
It's thick as hand under his arm.
It makes the sound of the stick.
His tongue has been healed.
Turn his eyelids inside out.
Drink a glass of milk from the straw stuff up the nose.
What?
There was this need.
It's a nice, Russian patterned pill.
It's with a hammer on the ground and landing guide.
Some fireworks there to be.
Rocks blow in a ball from the lawn.
It was living.
He would name it.
His hamster didn't have it.
He was.
He's.
God be great for all.
Bring great sense to his knees.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, Mr. Caliban.
Give me that ball.
Yeah.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
Hey, Mr. Caliban.
Give me that ball.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
Don't do the G-Hard.
Don't be late.
Coming in from every single terrorist state.
How bully am I, Niraki?
Run.
I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb, that's rock.
Raise all of his rock.
Oh, oh, oh.
Got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
She had two sets to a mass four.
Get the boys ready for a holy war.
Thought that two sets to martyrs three.
Come on and kiss the women and cheer it with me.
And rock, oh, rock.
Raise all of his rock.
We don't want hollas.
Got my long white smart.
I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
Been lucky night and coming out of his cage.
Taliban monkey starter and and rape.
Black male women begging in the crowd.
But bodies only know ladies allowed.
Let's rock.
Oh, oh, oh.
Raise all of his rock.
Welcome.
Oh, oh, oh.
Put on my bloody white smart.
Going to the G-Hard rock.
Out.
Quick, woman.
Turn on CNN.
Let's just American truth position.
Go into the G-Hard.
Don't be late.
Come in in from every single terrorist state.
Capurri and many lucky run.
I'll be strapping on my suicide bomb and rock.
Raise all of his rock.
We don't want hollas.
Got my beard and my long white smile.
I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
Going to the G-Hard rock.
He had two says to Hamas for.
Get me boys ready for a holy war.
Thought God two says to March his three.
Come on and kill some women and children with me and rock.
Raise all of his rock.
We got my beard and my long white smart.
And I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
And I'm going to the G-Hard.
Bring back Satan to his evil.
Kill him to death wine.
Kill them all.
I'm dying out of here.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
Come on.
Okay.
I'll tell you two things to this.
But beware it's not easy.
You can't keep up with the beats.
You will trip over your feet.
You could say this sounds strange.
You can lie your gut on grass.
You like this good.
Break your back or give you a hard, untan't.
It is so easy.
It's like you are fast.
You look stupid as you try to keep up with the greatest stupid song.
You'll maybe you should sit down that way you want.
Hear yourself.
You'll be going up to you.
You can't keep up.
I don't know how you can.
To be strong, to be kind and in real or wrong.
I don't know how you can.
To this day, you'll be just like the audio.
You know Smith thing.
I don't know how you can.
To this cruel, you'll be really in it.
Not all that smooth.
What a dance.
I knew where he's so good.
You'll try to dance.
How can you dance?
No.
You cannot dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
You can't dance.
105 say Hurricane Wilma and why not?
Isn't that what you suspect?
You bet.
So many people affected.
So many people pissed off at FD&L and everybody else.
Yes.
Republican scandal slash indictment 63.
Hurricane Katrina 51.
I had no sex life.
Audio 39.
None.
Zero.
Zipity Duda.
I got laid a lot.
13.
How do you like that?
Now we find out whether so many people
grew to the show every day because most of our people
ain't getting it.
Except the course for a judge.
I sure is getting it all.
Spread a little around.
Will you please?
No.
Terry Shivo and her...
CUBE!
But the bait.
10.
Maybe we could take Terry's old...
CUBE!
And hook it up to Ethan on passions would be good.
Poor Ethan.
He's just laying there.
Slots get okay and brow it.
8.
John Roberts appointed Supreme Court 7.
Big Simmons.
Pope Paul John the tooth dies and gets slept around on a slab.
Like a slab on a slab.
Poor.
The recollections won and gas score over three.
You watch.
It's going to go zoom it up here, won't it?
Yeah, I think that could be the winner.
It's still got no votes.
But nevertheless, you'll see.
I think we're not.
I think we're not.
I think we're not.
But the oasis of time.
Bushlings that have fixed things up.
Be sure out of his mind.
Yeah.
I told me chaos over there.
Still being bullet in your head.
I don't want to hear from Bush.
That he's restoring peace.
How will we know if we see it?
With them to jump up for seed.
I guess we're know if we see it?
Where do you see more Mickey D's?
McDonald's.
Our genius back.
And this time he's a rocket.
South Carolina, make the home up.
That was awesome.
It seems like a lot of time.
Okay, our D-line is concert.
Check this.
Our D-line is concert.
Yeah.
I like it when the guy stopped by.
For a Hummer.
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
When you got that Hummer.
New keys on the block really have small keys.
I need to have no check.
I am disappointed when the guy stopped by.
For a Hummer.
I like guys who start at only one end.
I'm sure you did too.
I expected.
You were leaving it in my fine hands.
Michael Vail, the actor best known for portraying sleepy.
I had a friend of Baker, the Duck and Donuts.
Time to make the Donuts commercials.
I was going to do the age of 83.
Vail, I don't remember the spots.
Do you?
Time to make the Donuts.
How does that gas goes over $3 a gallon doing?
One vote already.
Like we said, we're going to go zooming up there.
Vail, I had sat in New York City of complications from diabetes.
Maybe it isn't time to make the Donuts.
TV ads featuring Fred and one of the trademark line.
The time to make the Donuts ran for 15 years until Vail retired in 1997.
Can't mask based on Donuts, said the statement, that Vail's character became a beloved American icon that permeated our culture and touched millions with a sense of humor and humble nature.
And there's people dying all over America because of those Donuts, although not nearly as fast as they are from the other ones.
What's the other ones?
And you notice how fast that that thing died out?
Krispy Kreme?
Well, you were the one obsessed with it.
No, no, no, no.
I've always been a Donuts guy.
No, no, no, no.
I didn't understand what I'm talking about.
It was going crazy here and everywhere.
They were opening up all over the place to stock with through the roof.
And then they discovered that people were like, oh, you're clogging their arteries and dying from all that stuff.
And people stopped eating it.
Now, if you're going to compare Dunkin' Donuts to Krispy Kreme, I'm going to tell you your taste is very goiish.
Air crazy.
Vail was born in Brooklyn and studied acting at the Dramatic Workshop in New York City with classmates Tony Curtis, Vengrisar, and Rod Steiger.
Federative of the Broadway stage film and TV, Vail appeared in more than 13 of the TV commercials.
I wonder if Jerry Vail is still alive.
I sure hope not.
His movie roles included jewelry salesman and marathon man.
He also appeared in Carilla Girl, a hat full of rain.
And that was it.
Time to make the Donuts.
And he died from complications and diabetes.
Well, I got news for our 83 for a diabetic e-tube and I think most of us diabetes.
We'd be real happy to make it to 83, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
There'd be another 20 years for me.
And I think 20 more years on the air just out of spite.
Let's see if we have to come through.
Here we come to end.
I am living my first year.
No, I don't think we want to play that one either.
Everyone loved William Hungs Bay of Job on American Idol.
And now all of William Hungs greatest hits are on one amazing CD.
It's hung up on Hungs.
One, two, three, four.
But maybe it could calm us around because he rub his whole and he died of a show.
Yes, from Outcast to Jailo.
Everyone's hung up on Hungs.
Jailo in the house.
Don't be fooled by a rock that I got.
I fear I still be a bum-brass.
He used to have a little.
Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't get him up of hung up on Hungs.
You can fire me in a club.
Barra for a club.
Mama, I got what you need.
If you need a few of mine.
It's worth a lot more than 50 cents.
Order now and you'll also get this free bonus CD.
An American Idol loser sings the American Idol winner.
Cool.
Very rough.
What happened to you being dependent?
No longer need to be the fanfare.
Goodbye.
Oh, you were the wrong.
He's true.
William Hungs, hung up on Hungs is only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame.
So don't delay.
Calm down.
A little surely knew the day before Swiss Rats.
Because Harry had it left.
And she ain't calming back.
Oh, church life gets too much.
It's been a piece.
And I sure keep for sure good in my future.
I'll be your lover team.
Next stop, Debra Christ saying I hold them back.
He's too round and cold.
I said, we have a shot to be leftist.
I'm on the spot.
Maybe he should really get there.
And one more for the role.
But he doesn't.
Whoa.
Whoa.
He's followed John.
He's with the role.
He's on the way to the role.
He's always equal.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
It's out of your ferry.
At 516 O. WQHL.
Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I said hello.
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes.
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you what you must have done.
It's understood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
How are we doing with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
Remus.
You both shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remus.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus.
Get here, you boss.
Stop it, Remus.
I'm going to call a boss.
Stop calling a boss, Remus.
Remus.
It's one thing to my hand, Remus.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remus.
That's a phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remus.
Stop swallowing the floor.
Sorry.
I beg your pardon.
Sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time swallowing.
What?
What is it?
Time swallowing.
Christ, are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remus.
It's edible.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remus.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And get the food burn away from me.
Oh, come on, Blu-Blu.
I'm allergic.
I'm allergic.
Sir, over 25 million people.
Shut up, Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me?
What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know.
I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I say it.
You do it.
Now Fox is going to hear all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like a...
puppet master, me.
Idiot!
Reversed!
Yes, yes, yes.
What the hell you doing now?
It's in the flow of all of it.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remus.
Get out!
Get out!
Get out!
Eisner!
Yes, sir.
Get out!
Get out!
I'm sorry, sir.
Get out!
I'm sorry.
Get out!
It's all great!
134 got some good news finally.
There's good news tonight, boys and girls like Gabriel Heeter used to say 100 years before you were born.
Yeah.
You got your Gabriel Heeter all set to go?
Oh, yeah.
Enron's former Chief Accounting Officer Richard Cosby has struck a plea bargain with federal prosecutors
and will avoid going to trial with a phone energy company's two-top executives,
according to a person from making it with an negotiations.
Cosby is going to plead guilty this afternoon.
They've got a hearing already.
Go into one or more of the 34 criminal charges pending against him.
Oh!
Cosby 45 agreed to testify against his former bosses and run founder Kenny Boyle and former CEO
Jeffrey Scaling had exchanged for a much lesser prison sentence than he would receive the convicted and all accounts.
The trial was scheduled to begin next month, but he lay his constituents' defense attorneys wanted more time to prepare the government's new witness.
Cosby has charged with fraud, conspiracy, insider trading, line-to-outeders, money laundering for allegedly knowing about or participating in a series of schemes to full investors
and believing that Enron was financially healthy.
A scam, a rip-off, and thank God are going to stick Kenny Boyle and Jeffrey Scaling their asses going to jail for a long time
and hopefully, and there will be all the people from the gambling channel too.
Oh, what can you get less?
How can you get a little piece of quiet?
You're all a spy, you're all!
What are you doing here, not a loser?
When I wait in the hear, I pull my ovens up like honey, Steven, just for you.
Tell you, you're forcing me to do this.
Can't say, how about a nice Hawaiian punch?
Sure!
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
I'm going to get a little piece of quiet.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you, Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
We learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
It's not the count on FEMA Director Michael Brown.
What can Brown do for you now?
Apparently nothing.
And that's what's left of the Gulf Coast.
Nothing.
Lost your baby, got lost!
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government.
But you've created so much red tape.
The victims won't receive it till Mardi Gras.
So, Michael Brasio, who did that?
When all is said and done, you will lose your job faster than you can say, equal us.
And if there's any justice in this world,
you'll be calling the Houston-Astradome home, too.
Three hundred hundred, cut down!
So we salute you, Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
your clipboard, your stupid, maybe blue-fever shirt, and your comeover,
you are the real American A-hole.
Hey everybody, I'm Brown and Brown.
Accountable for everybody, Brown and Brown, as a human being.
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a Brown nose, and I know where I pointed.
There was no one to get them say.
They don't vote for public in any way.
I did everything I possibly can.
This short knife of hope, all the clips planned,
all one of the job I had at Director of FEMA,
when I'm much more than a easily sneaker,
and a clueless son of a bitch.
It's his gigs, Brown nose and the bridge.
It's his gigs, Brown nose and the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone.
With W. said, I did one heck of a job, and it sure pays off.
To be a Brown and another White Pays League,
Christian Fawning, the National Guard, is down there now.
With artists just to get the press out of town,
everybody go home. There's nothing to see.
Everything here is painting paint,
all the hurricane gave us a big EC,
for dear friends, social, engineering,
like a giant Republican Swing Team.
Bruce Jesus, for Sha'er Lord and King.
Bruce Jesus, for Sha'er Lord and King.
I don't believe compassion is what we like.
It serves the right to have less blacks,
and you descend as who say,
it's a national disgrace.
But you've never blacked.
In the first race, this is no time to blame the blame game.
Since we know that very things are caused by days,
who are not the right kind of hormone.
Lights caught in the clearing,
and carols go all where it's dreaming.
The America's right wing dream.
You make everybody white like me.
And there's ignorance of a bitch.
Who gets his chast,
ground knows a new rich.
Oh, how I miss getting behind you,
a crazy and horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses.
I'm an negligent bird over now.
Absolutely.
Keep going down,
keep my nose ground.
I'm an negligent bird over now.
But I'll keep going down to keep my nose ground.
Now, following is a test of the FEMA alert system.
This is only a test.
What happened?
Where?
This was only a test.
If it had been an actual emergency,
you would have received instructions from FEMA
within four or five days and give a take.
The federal government just borrowed the breath of these people today.
Under military criticism from both parties,
Brown,
offered no apology.
And mostly great others for the department
that crossed hundreds of lines.
My ground,
there's no one left to blame.
I said, Brownie,
you're the government shame.
I said, Brownie,
the short career's up in blame.
There's no one.
I know who's more blame.
George Bush,
he'd better make him shut up before he says.
This was you who messed up.
You can defend him.
But I'm sure you will buy many.
Take that.
He should do time.
I was a bad person.
The way you come to run the every amane.
So people died when he ran every amane.
Now that everyone knows
that your leadership owes,
you can go back to your poor shows.
Today, both Republicans and Democrats
criticize the fact that Brown is still
on the federal payroll.
That may be because,
as long as he remains an administration official,
his testimony must be cleared by the White House.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6.2.8.
We can make sure when you get there,
there will be no.
Are you all right?
I think so.
A car accidents.
Millions of people experience this unfortunate incident every year.
One insurance company, as you covered.
So when accidents happen,
when disaster strikes,
think,
sh** happens.
As sh** happens insurance,
we know there are some things you can't control.
After all, sh** happens.
We got a lot of heavy rain on the storm blew through it.
Fluttered my basement,
cost thousands of dollars, damaged.
I lost a lot of my belongings.
Who's devastating?
But, then I remembered.
Sh** happens.
Sh** happens insurance,
covering your family
when accidents and disasters strike.
Because we know.
Sh** happens.
Sh** happens insurance.
Sh** happens insurance,
a subsidiary of...
Police.
Incorporated.
Go, go, go, go, go, go,
my movie,
it's my movie,
you're gonna paint nine buses to see.
My movie,
don't bring no camp corded in to my movie.
Or I'll have to pump my cap in your car,
cuz it's my movie.
If you find me on the screen,
ask the kind of memes,
run my lessons,
I don't need,
cuz I'm just being me.
I'm in the shootin' films,
they're full of nitty-gritty.
They make a million bucks,
yeah, don't make me fitty.
If you find me on the screen,
sneaking with your team,
cuz my movies rated R,
and you're under 17.
I'm in the help of kids,
they're in the help of me.
So watch the service screen,
put my pockets full of green.
Don't try to act like you're a movie-post-ed needless.
I carry good all the time.
Don't pick on Ted Nuchin,
that cracker-mixed-name last.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
But third man,
everybody said,
about the bad.
The bad, the bad,
the bad, the bad,
the bad, the winnow,
and the bad, the bad,
the bad, the bad,
the bad, the bad,
the bad, the bad,
the bad, the bad,
the winnow,
and the bad,
the bad,
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Or I'm not a bad guy.
Or I'm not a bad guy.
I think I'm weird.
the little ruff pan,
He told you to show, put your sin on one more
K, try to fill it last time around
You really feel it, what's the good?
Alino, oh, he's not a devil, he's not a rogue
He's George Bush's only hope, but he knows
Oh, we said this guy, me and a pony
Didn't get one of my cronies, one month's time
The court
I am a data's rules of the fish
I am a data's rules of the fish
What does the sport horse do?
Poo, poo, poo
Laurie is a cowardly poop
Thompson is a queen of poop
No parts of my set-all
Let your choke go for love or balls
Miami data's rules of the fish
What, what, what?
Miami data's rules of the fish
What, what, what?
Why not buy the toilet all you want
In your home in the village swamp
And imagine where they went wrong
They played about as good as this song
Miami data's rules of the fish
What, what, what?
Miami data's rules of the fish
What, what, what?
Miami data's rules of the fish
What, what, what?
Miami data's rules of the fish
What, what, what?
151 a.k.a. am only namens away from the award-winning Curtis Sesteevinson and
Tristradford show, or you've said it about that or what?
I am actually
Not as excited as you were about this hour which is a piece of cake, wasn't it?
Yeah it was
How is Brett doing by the way speaking of sales holes and a great job they're doing back there?
How is Brett doing?
I'm sure he's busy selling right now
Bet he is, or maybe he just faxed me back at a little piece of copy that's got my handwriting on it
So I was crossing something out
Nice job there Brett, you're really doing it baby
333 votes on the pole
It's like a 380, how do I get that?
380
What event at 2005 was the most, that is a 3 minute break last one not 4, I just checking
That's right, okay, well you never know it might be chopped off
380, what event at 2005 was the most significant to you?
Hurricane Wilma 133
Republican scandals and indictment 74
How is Kenny Boyle doing over there at Enron?
Hurricane Katrina 62, I had no sex live 47, I got late a lot 18
Well maybe we need to get some of those people together
Gas going over 3 bucks a gallon 13, that's climbing up, you're right about that, it's starting to make the climb
Terry Shivell and the debate about her for...
CUBE!
11
Slots get OK in Broward 8, John Roberts appointed the Supreme Court 7
Poked on Paul the Tooth Kids died and they are here to slab on a slab
5, and the recollection is so lamented, dose
This is Neil Rogeris
This is 5.62.8
You get a lot of bans
FIRE!
If you're Rogers out of sports, hold radio WQAM
And over here
If you are gay or lesbian
Madison, she says they come on end
It's been legal for the heteros
Wait till Gays find out how much marriage blows
And I saw the moon on the gate
Say I do and then there's no escape
Two years later you're in Drill Force Court
Back your suitcase head for Logan Airport
No frills
High bill
Your fight
All night, goodbyes single farmers
Hello family cars, now you're a doggo with us
One wedding ring and half things change
Fanger by two or little strange
Every morning in the same old bed
You see the same face as though you were dead
The girl practiced at school DTA
Can't escape I'm just cuz you are gay
Careful what you wish for, cuz trust us
You wish you were run down by a greyhub bus
You wear a nap, so I look back
Call us your late heart, it's just great
Goodbye single farmers, call family cars, now you're a doggo with us
George this is next year from your speech earlier in the week
Every new citizen of the United States has an obligation to learn our customs
And the English language, dude you can't even take English
Well I sometimes I'm mangled English language I get to hang right up
Sometimes it sounds like you're speaking vulcan or something
Maybe I need to learn to communicate better
G you think?
And if any of you wondered how far a mastery of the English language can take you
Just live with a different dimension
And keeping with the high standards of raw caskernels
Didn't the tradition of Edward and the Rose seen it now
560 WQAM presents now see here with Moe Howie David
I just Moe Howie David, I'll see here
Now to no gig in
And if I had so choose to stay I wouldn't change the face of whatever that is told
Now see here who did more for radio
Neil Rogers or Hoeyboss Carambasant
Ha!
Hello again
Here's my best friend
Are you guys all praying?
I am all right
I say Hoeyboss Carambasant
That's who?
But one thing he was the mayor of boarding radium
And at Pitchmoker he ain't no mayor
Why Hoeyboss Carambasant sang nice song?
Oh he had a few
Are you guys all praying?
Yeah you're all right, you're still single
So I'm not in a name for you with the Dodo Roy
Why sure?
That pair that's Neil singing the discharging songs about the Dodo Roy
And then a pack of the one and he writes them in the Dodo Roy
And then he sings them
Now you know he's queer
But real men don't sing
And another thing Hoeyboss Carambasant
Was a lot better than Neil too
That they is what made them their best things
On the next next order the Housey here
Who made a better cup of coffee?
Mrs. Olson or Jackie Robinson?
Gannaal
Now see me here next time for more indignants
And now see here
Not there over here
Oh, what did he do Roy?
Bye bye bye
I'm just passing wind
