All right. I'm going to send it up north. How about that Joe Cleco, huh?
Joe Cleco. Didn't see the story? No.
Struck and killed a homeless man pushing a shopping cart on the major digging expressway last night.
No, we can see that this morning. Poor Joe. Well, the jets he just off to a bad start all the way around, you know.
Wow. Those were good days, boy. The AJ, do we days jets were good? The dolphins were good. Those were good football days.
So what happened? Joe Cleco was driving on the major digging. Then what happened?
Struck and killed a, uh, he struck and killed a homeless man pushing a shopping cart. He had a push key. Yeah.
And on the major digging, he said he didn't see him until it was too late because the car it was in
front of him was in the way and he couldn't see him. That could be true. Yeah. Well, I don't disbelieve that.
I like Joe Cleco. He was all right. He's good guy. He was a little afraid train. What a player he was. He played.
Yeah, he was a hell of a player back during the era when you know, the league was worth watching. I mean, it was great.
This stuff they're putting over now, man. Oh, last night's game was pretty good. Oh, it was what? Pretty good. 14 to 10. Yes.
I tuned in. It was 14 to 7 late in the first half and I watched a few plays and I'm listening to all the hype about Michael Vick and about
the McNabb and isn't it? And there's nothing going on. You know, and that's because the defenses were very good.
Well, I see that's not my kind of game. I like defense, especially to a high flutin'
offense is like those two teams that is supposed to put a lot of points on the board. I don't want to see you.
Oh, Atlanta never puts a lot of points on a board against Philadelphia. It reminds me of,
well, with Michael Vick there, this is supposed to start putting a lot more points. They don't against Philadelphia.
Well, last year they played against Philadelphia, Philadelphia, hell of a less than 30 yards.
They put a lot of points in a board against Philadelphia. Yes, they did.
I just mentioned that in passing. Well, Michael Vick doesn't play for the Patriots. Tom Brady knows.
I understand that. Well, thank God for that. Yeah. Michael Vick is a kind of, all the way back to him.
I like Vicks. He's a heck of a player. He's a heck of a player.
Nightstand, you know, just in case when it started getting into the fall and wintertime, he's
starting their runny nose. A little Vicks on your throat is always great.
Jokeclaco and Dwight Stephenson. Yeah. Those were great to work.
I prefer to add to Lee Stephenson myself, but then again, he was an egghead.
I like that, Lee. Who didn't have a chance against that? Well, he was divorced. He was an egghead.
He was an intellectual and against the war hero. He had no chance.
He was smart. I think that's what the Democrats started losing it. It was right about there,
where I like egg stuff. That's what the whole thing started going downhill.
Well, when they shot Kennedy, that was kind of like a message, you know?
Yeah, I would say the Kennedy's did a nice job to revive the Democrats after a hour.
Well, they were trying, but then they messed with the wrong guys. That was the problem.
You mean Momo? They messed with the wrong guys. Like Momo. Right.
You know, Momo is? I know he does.
What? No, Momo.
Sammy Giancana. That was his nickname.
Well, see him, Momo. Momo. Right.
By the way, I sent you a headline from the sunset.
Yeah, I saw that. Man, you're obsessive, boy.
See, I'm the one that takes all the crap.
And in the meantime, all the rest of you guys, you hide under my blanket, you know?
Under my address. You get it.
Oh, yeah, yeah. I get it all right. I get all the grief in the crap.
And you're the guys like sending all the venom or the venom like that guy said.
Ventum? Yeah.
Well, we got a thing where the guy talks about the venom that I'm spewing.
And there's some illiterate jackass out there. One of them.
Many. There's a few of those.
Probably knows Tom Jicco.
Hey, by the way, Tom. It's just Don Deme.
I was sitting on the throne this morning.
You've done. I mean, the word for word that thing he had in the Q&A
on the TV book Sunday.
Word for word was one that was in there about a year ago, you know?
Yeah, the bottom line is Tom doesn't like my show.
And you know what? I really don't care. That's fine, Tom.
I don't like your column either because you don't write about anything local.
Nothing whatsoever.
Today, he's got two columns, two puff pieces about TV shows.
Network TV shows that would make just about as much sense in manhacid
or in Peoria or any place else as they went south Florida there.
There is nothing that he writes at anything local.
Nothing. And he wrote a couple years ago about how I'm out of touch
for the area with a market because I'm not sitting my fat ass down there.
You're the one that's out of touch, Tom.
Get with it. He's just lazy. He's like most people in south Florida.
He's just lazy. Just going through the motions.
He works for a first ball newspaper.
And he's just lazy.
I like that paper better than I like.
Jicco from the Miami News from the dog racing days.
I like that paper, Brenna. I like the Harold.
The news. Yeah.
Oh, the news was a good.
No, no, no, no. I'm so I'm sent.
No, I think. Oh, you're like anything better than a
Harold that goes without saying.
But the news was a good paper.
Did you see about where Jim DeFeed was?
The no charges are going to be right filed against him.
Don't you think the Harold should just fight the bullet and bring him back?
No. Why not?
That would that would be out of character for them.
Forget about what's in character.
Well, I'm just saying.
What's the right thing to do?
They never should have canned him in the first place.
They should have stood behind him.
Okay. Yeah.
They should have stood behind him.
Like a newspaper is don't do unethical things.
Well, this is the same newspaper that had Tom Feele
running around in his yellow trench coat chasing Gary Hart and Donna Rice.
And they're writing about ethics and about it's against the law.
Oh, cut the crap.
Well, there are some management that don't stand behind their people when they have a story.
That's for damn sure.
Not to mention the names.
Of course I had Valenzuela.
Hank Goldberg is the Patrick Valenzuela Broadcasting,
ladies and gentlemen, make no mistake about it.
I've served a lot of days.
He's...
If he farts the wrong flavor, man, automatic suspension.
It's in his contract.
He gets joist.
Wow.
That'd be a good pull question.
Would you rather get juiced or joist?
Glass raffee.
Glass raffee, par...
He's getting choked up about that.
Glass raffee about that.
We'll see what Elianna Gorsana Dana,
knows she's pretty quietly,
lately about all her heroes there.
You know, Jose,
the speaker in English,
hero is raffee and Jose,
and all those other crap.
You know what?
You know, thinking about that,
about those ridiculous hearings on steroids.
It's the same thing
is what I watched yesterday afternoon,
which I have no idea why I watched it.
And these stupid hearings,
these confirmation hearings on John Roberts.
Why is it necessary for the members of the
Senate Judiciary Committee to make opening statements?
Well, what's the other than to just sit there like a bunch of
pompous asses and pontificate?
Who cares about all these opinions?
Supposedly, there are...
Some of the finest people in the history of this country
have been eye-catching Americans.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
By the way, what happened to that guy?
You know, he didn't even know her name.
Now, let's see, that was Godfather II.
Yes.
Godfather II.
I had its moments.
I didn't like it as much as one.
Everybody touts Godfather II is being the better one,
but I don't think so.
No, because it didn't have the Godfather.
It didn't have a Marlon Brando, right?
With all that cotton in his cheek.
But that was the best.
I want to go.
And they have better,
much better characters in the first one.
Oh, yes.
Except for Hyman Roth.
Well, his acting was a little, you know,
Lee Strasberg.
It was a good, great.
You thought he was great in that movie?
Oh, yeah.
He wasn't as good as E.I. Wallach when he ate the canola.
No, that's right.
That was Godfather III.
That was Godfather III.
That was the worst acting.
That was the worst.
Oh, brother.
But, you know, you did...
I thought we were the reason together, Michael.
Well, that scene when they get hit in Atlantic City
in the casino, you know?
And the chandelier chart starts shaking
and you hear the choppers overhead.
That scene, his acting and that scene is so...
Emviracingly bad.
And he used to be a great actor.
He was a great actor.
E.I. Wallach is still alive.
I think he gets close.
I think he is.
He's still alive?
He was a great actor at one time.
Well, I must have been a hell of a lot before I was born.
It was Jesus.
God, that performance.
He made Sophia Coppola look good.
Oh, it was horrible.
Dad!
Like I said, if they would have killed that bitch
in the beginning of the movie,
would have improved by a million times.
And then George Hamilton,
he sure fitting with that family, didn't he?
What the hell was he doing in there?
Cast that movie, anyway.
Somebody really desperate, I guess.
Low budget.
You know, you would think with all the budget cuts they made,
they could afford a rotten, a Robert DuVal back.
I didn't like Garcia.
Any Garcia, and it either.
No, and I don't like him at all in anything.
He just leased me limp.
Especially when we stand out there in front of
Ilianito's adopted family house there in Little Havana
that he just left me.
Him and what's your name there?
That was a reality show.
Him and the what's your name, the singer?
The supposed singer, Gloria Stefan.
Yes.
Putting on a big dog and pony show there for all the old
green tooth crowd.
Oh, Ilian, Ilian, get the hell out of here.
Go back and make some other crap movie.
Okay, and cut the crap.
These people that take themselves so seriously, you know.
So what's the thing about me?
I realize it's all a pile of crap.
You know, just give me the money.
So let me go to would buy and lose my ass and that's it.
No, they're seriously, that's all.
Just let me go and enjoy it.
Let's face it, this station where a bunch of
dottering old Jews here,
we have how many days we got left.
You were counting them on the fingers of one hand.
Let's enjoy them while we can.
I'm with that.
I put up with a lot of crap.
That's right.
That's why I'm just ignoring that piece of
dirt. What a life is too short to let anybody just pee on
your parade.
You know, it's fun as shining.
It's going to be like a kind of heat wave here.
It's going to be like almost 90 today up there.
Yeah.
Wow.
It's going to stop Thursday.
It'll be back like in the mid-70s again.
But pretty on here too.
Yeah, but human.
Yes.
And you got the right.
I heard it rained like crazy a couple days ago again.
Like the end of the world.
I thought it was.
I had a few things to say.
All in your NATO side.
Trees or flying all over the place.
A lot of good reasons not to be there.
I'll tell you.
That's why I got the life.
I'm thinking about the West.
Yeah.
I like the West.
Like Westbroward.
No, West West.
San Diego.
Oh, I love that area.
Now, let me ask you a fair place.
I don't want to get into horse racing because that'll
be the end of my audience.
But fairplex, where is that?
That's South Los Angeles.
See, I don't understand a racing schedule out there.
I've been to Hollywood Park.
I haven't been to the other one.
It's a fair circuit.
It's a real small track like a bullring type thing.
Because I noticed that most of the jockeys that ride
their affairplex aren't the same ones.
Prevented them and calls the races there.
But it's not.
It's like a different group of vujas.
That's not a couple rides there.
Martín Pedrosa is always a leading jockey there.
Actually, David Cohen is there.
Now, do you ever figure out who he was?
Remember how he was?
He was the producer.
Eddie Kaplan hated.
No, seriously.
Come on.
He used to be a producer here named David Cohen.
Yeah.
And then his brother, Marty Cohen.
Eddie couldn't stand him.
You know why?
This is a great story.
Yeah.
They're doing a remote from Flagler's Jewish.
They're doing a remote from Flagler Dark Track one night.
And they went partners.
Eddie and Trey and Cohen didn't get in.
And he rooted against them when the race was going on.
And they never spoke to him again and had him
take it off the show.
You know something that's like that old saying.
It's not important that you win, but that your friends lose.
Don't you hate people like that?
Oh, yeah.
People I root against you.
Yeah.
Yep.
Hate that.
Well, I'm rooting for you.
Yeah.
Have a good day at Woodbine.
Huh?
I'm not on that schedule anymore.
Oh, you're not.
Well, now that I'm back to my five days,
when the hell have I got time to go to Woodbine?
Only Saturday morning, once a week.
That's enough.
I can lose plenty just Saturday.
That's what I'm down to now.
One thing I want to do.
My entire religion campaign is to go on Shabbos.
Kaby picks me up 5.30 in the morning, 5.50.
He keeps coming earlier every week.
Pretty soon, I'm going to have to get up at 3 o'clock
in the morning.
Picks me up 25 minutes.
We're out there.
By a thing, I walk in.
There's almost such a great feeling to walk into a casino.
There's almost nobody there.
Well, of course, in your case, didn't make any difference
because you play table games or you're...
Oh, and I know what I want to tell you.
Falls view in Niagara Falls.
I take back what I said.
I told you don't ever go there.
Yeah.
They're opening.
Maybe it's already open.
The biggest sports book in North America.
They can't have a sports book.
I beg your pardon?
Sports betting is illegal everywhere, but Nevada.
No, it is not.
Yes, it is.
Not here.
I'm talking about the United States.
Niagara Falls Ontario.
Oh, on the Canadian side.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
What do you think?
I just made that up.
When you said Niagara Falls, I was thinking...
God, you better stop it at American thinking, man.
Yeah, yeah.
Have you ever been to Niagara Falls in New York?
Yeah.
Come on, let's get serious.
They have an Indian casino there.
I had dinner one night with Rick Weaver and Henry Barrow
overlooking the falls.
Oh, man.
I had dinner with Rick Weaver in his wife one time
with Bill Codern his wife and Rick Alvark
talked about was Rick.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
And he smelled bad then, too.
He was great, though.
I'll tell you that.
He was the voice.
He was no Jimmy Cifilis, but he was a great broadcaster.
I remember the white hankies, the white towels,
whatever the hell it was.
Sure.
Yeah.
He made sure you knew that he was the voice.
Yeah.
He was very nice to me.
I mean, you know, we were glad to be together for a while.
He was always very nice to me.
I had no problem with that.
He treated me fine.
Yeah.
I mean, there were a lot of people I hated his ego
and stuff like that.
I mean, I worked with him for 15 years.
Yeah.
And the only thing he ever said to me was,
stop talking when they break the huddle.
Yeah.
That was it.
That was a long way to go.
I'm going to tell you something.
This epidemic of these color announcers just
do in a whole game like that.
Buck Martinez did to boot the other day.
These people need to be bitch laughed.
I'm getting tired of it.
These guys are legends in their own minds.
Buh, buh, buh, buh.
I like the nice pot then on the Panther games, man.
Stuff of towel in his big fat French Canadian mouth.
Oh, God.
Of course, he probably even.
They open camp for it next week, I think.
This weekend, baby, first leaf sex exhibition game,
this Sunday, the 18th, and all the leaf sex exhibition games
will be on Leafs TV.
Eat your hearts out, you people.
You don't have no Leafs TV.
I got it.
And the Panthers, I'm going to tell you,
Panthers are going to be good this year.
Yeah, they got a lot of good guys.
I'm serious they got you.
Look at their lineup.
They have one of the local papers here
at all the all the lineups for all the teams in league the other day.
And I'm looking at their roster, man.
They got very few of these people
that nobody ever heard of before.
They have like a lot of really top players.
Plus, plus the youngsters in the organization,
you know, Horton and Boemister and the Stevie Weiss,
they're coming along.
They're going to be, they're going to be a damn good team.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised
that when they're in a business here,
because they're going to have awful division.
They have enough scoring?
Yeah.
You've got Gary Roberts now in Newham,
Dyke and Horton.
And in fact, I think they're bringing back Tim Horton
to bring the donuts for the team.
I was told they could use one more good score.
No.
I think they're going to be just fine.
The only problem they've got is that with this new schedule,
where you played the teams in your own division,
80 million times, oh, they're in a worse division.
I mean, as far as draw against Washington and Atlanta
and Carolina, oh, nothing could be finer
than to eliminate Carolina.
God.
No, no, seriously, there is no reason
hockey is never going to make it in Carolina.
They can build a arena on every street corner.
It's not going to make it there.
It's like sell a hall of honor.
The Eskimo's, it's not going to work.
Is he going to make it here?
Well, if the people, I'm telling you,
I got a hand at you and what a hard ass I am about that stuff.
But I think Keenan and Jacques, Jacques DeFrog,
I think they're put together a good team there this year.
So, you know, it just depends
on whether the people respond or not.
The only just turns it all over the key.
And he does not.
Well, that's the first mark move he ever made, Alan Cohen.
It's about time, Alan, turned over to somebody
who understands the game.
Because Keenan made a lot of good moves.
Yellow and I and Gratin and Nuandike
and Robert, they made a tremendous acquisitions
in the offseason.
The only thing they did bad was pissing off Roberto Alango.
That was not a good move, but nevertheless, they're cheap.
You know, he'll be fine.
He'll be okay.
You know, there's Italian hot tempered guys.
Well, listen, I'll tell you something.
A lot to this country.
Well, guess what?
Okay, we're already past our first break.
Have a great day.
See ya. Bye.
Well, I started losing my hair.
I lost my confidence, too.
I tried Rogain, but it didn't do a thing for me.
When Rogain doesn't work, try Rogain.
No Rogain is scientifically proven
to grow you a full big helmet of hair,
just like mall from the free storage.
After using Rogain for just three weeks,
my hair grew in as thick as Mars.
More important, I got my covers back still.
Now I'm more assertive.
Show your Rogain today.
Hey, shut up, you lame brain.
I was talking.
What did you say?
I said, can it, not go ahead.
Oh, man.
Why am I on it?
You're what a what?
My old people are terrible.
No, no.
Oh, why is guy, huh?
See that?
I want to go, I want to go.
Well, take that.
Bye.
Moving, especially for people who look like curly.
$10.50 to $5.60, you know,
that was a great crossover this morning.
We could have kept going for another hour, too, you know?
Shut up.
Probably should have.
Except we got the breaks.
I always like starting to show going right into a break,
especially when it's a good segue from Rogain
into Chuck Alphieri.
And that brilliant.
Perfect.
Just an accident.
I'll take credit for it.
Drudge back in.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvave.
Stand by for news.
Jack decides to go skiing with his buddy Bob.
They load up Jack's station wagon and head north
after driving a few hours, they get caught in a terrible blizzard.
They pull into a nearby farmhouse
and ask the attractive lady of the house
if they can spend the night.
Well, I'm recently widow,
she explains, and I'm afraid the neighbors would talk
if I let you stay in the house.
Not to worry, Jack says, we'll be happy to sleep in the barn.
Well, nine months later, Jack gets a letter
from the widow's attorney.
He calls his friend, Bob, and says,
do you remember that good-looking widow
at the farm we stayed at?
Well, yes, I do.
Well, did you happen to get up in the middle of the night,
go into the house and make love to her?
Yes, I have to admit I did.
Well, did you happen to use my name
instead of telling her your name?
Bob's face turns red and he says,
yes, I'm afraid I did.
To which Jack says, well, thanks a lot, Jack says.
She just died and left me her farm, Paul Harvey.
Good day.
It's a 20-pasta, that's kind of cute.
Yeah, not hysterical, but kind of cute.
We can't be hysterical anymore, little Tommy,
because we could joystall the time.
From 108 votes on a poor yesterday, it's not too shabby.
I'm a little flabby, but the result wasn't too shabby.
Other than your president, the most pathetic right-wing
ass croft is, he was on all over the place yesterday,
that's a very objective guy to have under commentating
on John Robertson, he's a confirmation hearing,
he's John Asscroft with a lot of makeup on it.
Who is, yeah, a lot of pancake makeup.
Well, he wants to look as pasties the dead guy,
he lost to a Missouri for the Senate.
I would've worse lawful makeup.
The most pathetic right-wing goofball is,
Rush Limbaugh 301, was there ever any doubt?
You piled popping hypocritical.
Although, Tommy likes to show a lot, I'm sure.
And Rush doesn't read a whole lot of newspaper articles
all the once in a while, I understand he does,
which should, that's bad.
You better cut it out,
Tom's gonna start ripping your ass, okay?
Pat Robertson 171, when it doubt, let's take him out.
Hey Pat, you've had it.
Dick Cheney 167, look at that.
Dick Cheney was right on Pat Robertson's ass.
And quarter 96, Bill Orribe 79, Sean Hannity 77,
Condoleez of 47, oh please, the Condoleez,
it just go away, just walk away.
Don Hermann Gehring, Gehring Rumsfeld 41.
Now see, Hermann Gehring at least made,
he had kind of like a different, more imposing presence,
did he, which was the one that liked to dress up like a chick?
I don't know about that, but Hermann Gehring was the big fat one.
Right, I think it was him then.
Was he like to dress up like Tony Holley?
I like him.
He was like a Huber, yeah, what is underwear?
Bill Fist 36, John Ascroft 33, Michael Savage 27,
Steve Cain 20, which I'm surprised at many people
know who that is.
Pat Buchanan 18, Chuck Heston 16,
who used to be a great phony actor.
Was he ever in a good movie, Charlie Heston?
He was in all those, he was Moses, and he was Abraham.
He didn't like that, but her, but her was great.
Really?
Yeah, I like being him a lot better.
He don't like those Robin movies.
Bob Nolan, I like Rome, Robert Novak 11, Ardell 11,
you know, Ardell that's going to have the,
conduct those hearings after he gets elected on his sexual
harassment charges, and then he said,
oh, I don't think I'm going to do that after all.
Ardell 11, Paul Wolfowitz 11, Miss Drudge got 11,
Miss Fudge just, she started to move up in the world.
You subhating fag you, you phony baloney, you sell out.
Trent Laught 8, S.E. Helms 8, Ronald Reagan 6,
Joe Scarborough, who is his boring as vanilla ice cream 6,
Richard Pearl 4, and Eska is not enough people know who that is.
And John Wayne, the Duke finally had three.
How do you like that?
Rob Hudson thought he had a pair, but the Duke really had three.
Which is probably, did you remember I told you that story?
It was a true story about he had like 80 pounds
of excrement in his body at the time he had,
and he was impacted, the Duke.
No, seriously.
So there are a lot of guys in Hollywood thought he was full of it,
and I guess they were right.
Now here's the pool today, and I know George has we've done this
before, I don't care whether we've done it before.
I like it, of course, let's do it all again.
I think we're going to do them all again.
The worst TV show, now what inspired me for this?
Oh, as we were talking about Duke's in hazard yesterday.
God, it was a horrible show.
And the only problem is that's what America's all about right now,
the deep south, you know, like from Ohio South.
People think the deep south is Louisiana and Mississippi
and the Gulf Coast have just got battered and stuff like that.
The deep south is anywhere south of, I would say,
Canada, Ohio, Northern Indiana, Pennsylvania.
I'm trying to draw a line across, you know.
It's just getting deeper, the south.
No, it's just getting further north is what it is.
Worst TV show of all times, so we got a starter list
that I put together here.
I'm sure you can add to it knowing the creative minds you've got.
Plus, the fact that it's so easy.
Oh, there's the Aroborid's confirmation hearings.
I won't find under a...
Hey, Pat, go F yourself.
There's Pat Leahy from Vermont.
The worst TV show is Anonacole Show.
How long have that just happened?
Fast.
Did you see that?
She moves fast for a fat one.
No, no, no.
Especially growing up Gaudi,
throwing up Gaudi was number one all more,
which I don't really care.
It's both horrible shows, but Anonacole Show 46,
throwing up Gaudi's God.
Factority, yeah.
Oh, that's show.
I think the Italian defamation we got to like have that show
taken off the year.
I think the deal is a lot more people saw the Anonacole Show
than the growing up Gaudi because of the channels
that it's on and because of the hype surrounding the Anonacole
show.
And I still want to know how come an otherwise outstanding channel
like A&E has got a piece of turd like throwing up Gaudi.
They got to make money too.
I don't know how that does it.
Well, if that's how they do it,
what does that say?
Rosie O'Donnell show, what a talent.
Twenty.
He hauls 16, cop rock 15, jury springer 15.
Yesterday I'm channel surfing and jury springer had on Midgets.
Yeah, yeah.
Did you see that?
Black Midgets.
Yeah, black Midgets.
That's how it flippin', right?
Fear factor 12, author of 10, American Idol 10.
Dufza has an eight.
That John Snyder sure was pretty and the show was pretty awful.
The view is seven, the Brady Bunch hour,
not to be confused with the Brady Bunch five, full house four,
LeVernin's score, Lee four,
Schlamy, oh, Schlamazel.
I still can't get over the fact that they're, you know,
what do you think the people in the Buke Iowa were?
When that show came on the network and had the opening theme
and they're saying, Schlamy, oh, Schlamazel,
what do you think they're thinking?
BBB, do they've ever been to the...
Oh, it's damn Jews.
Oh, oh, nobody goes with that name.
The Nanny four, speaking of Jews, Nanny four,
my mother, the car three, Green Acres three,
everybody loves Raymond two.
Now is that Raymond Burke, as he was gay?
Extreme Makeover two, punky Brewster had a pair,
Golden Girls two, newlywed game one,
with an anxious Bob U-Bags boy that I hate him like poison.
With that stiff neck, like he was wearing a starched collar,
like he had a starch neck.
You know what I mean?
Something strange about him.
CSI one, Maud one, Blind date one, Baywatch one.
Oh, that's the most white TV show in the world.
I've put it in a million times.
Yeah, especially in Germany.
I love David Hessel, Hesselhoff in Germany.
They think he's German, that's cause he is.
Uh, Nanny from Agnan, P.U.,
well, that's a bad show.
Willing grad, I still think Tom Sullik is gay,
but nevertheless, I think he and Higgins might have been doing it.
Uh, Rugrats none, Matlock none,
that's Andy Griffith for those who, oh geez,
Home Improvement none, Marywood children none,
and he, honey's none.
What about Barnaby Jones?
Great theme, terrible show.
Hey, are you gonna do nothing on this list?
Even though Barnaby Jones gets his man.
That's what Bill Ross used to say on Channel 7.
Bill Ross, the weatherman.
Right.
As opposed to Wayne Chandler, the weatherman,
who was your favorite?
Mm-hmm.
27 after 10.
Those were the days, baby.
We had some interesting personalities on local TV.
And I just got a bunch of revolving faces
and other than Dwight Ford, Lauderdale.
Nobody even knows who, and Tony cigarette,
or nobody knows when those people are anymore.
You know what?
Every time I come back to town,
you turn on your TV and who the hell are these people?
I mean just a bunch Of nominees.
My junior, honey.
I hope, Grimitzi Brock here.
Ding Ding.
Yay!
Um, um, it's not EDDSur.
It's not EDulse ZiHoq mankind.
It's not EDD Sur.
It's not easy I hope I hope
Dance fun for your having five
Dance fun for your high high hall
Dance fun for your having five
Do they permit for us?
Dance fun. Dance fun. Dance fun. Dance fun. Dance fun. Dance fun. Dance fun. Dance seen
Star Met werden. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance time. Dance. Dance time
Goди permits for a game
Gradually-flank
Gallo
Okay, so we're going to do the payment cry or a mobile game.
Oh, the curbid. Where the hell does that come from?
You don't have that?
No. That's kind of cute.
What's the problem?
What's your...
It's from somewhere. I guess it's from ACN.
I don't know. What the hell do I know?
All right.
Let me take a look.
You really well care where it's from?
Well, you know, I have children.
I see. It's from...
It's the first bid on ACN number 301.
And this number 301 for those of you keeping track of.
They're keeping squirted right up there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You get the...
Okay, let's get some more bad TV shows for the list here.
What do you say, huh?
You got to give them some kind of an assignment, something new
while I got my huge pile here again.
I don't want to get Tommy upset or Miguel.
You know, it's really...
Everything's been going just fine on this show.
Things are going along swimmingly well,
and the checks are actually showing up on time once in a while now.
And ratings are big and gigantic and juicy and stuff like that.
And always got to be a few mouth contents.
Man.
Because that's the stuff for the F and W.
5.67.
Now, if that guy had line 9, whoever the hell that is,
thinks I'm going to take that call first.
He's probably right. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, now you're supposed New York awful.
Why is it?
Why they can't do on this side.
I live in Rochester, so I don't know what's far away from there.
You live in Rochester?
Yeah, not far from the TV, actually.
Yeah, I'll be there.
Well, what do you want to do?
Like you tell me where Rochester is,
like I was born in Rochester, sir,
at Strong Memorial Hospital.
Do you want to white-hunter red-hunter?
I asked, bring back Don and Bob's.
I'll come back.
I went to school at Brighton Elementary,
right next to Don and Bob's,
you're not that anybody in this audience cares,
but then again, they're insensitive.
Well, and you were in North Thailand.
Sure.
Not far from Gui-Ni-ville.
Yeah.
Not far from Gui-Ni-ville.
What? Yeah?
Hey, listen.
You've got to find Gui-Ni-dong, man.
I'm sorry. Hey, I'm going to pick it on them.
Gui-Ni's are going to come in there and make you into an old Gui-Ni.
Hey, Neil, have you been on that, uh,
the ferry that goes across the lake?
No.
Do the one that keeps the one that keeps the breaking down, no?
Yeah.
Okay. I don't know if you can put it in your...
I've seen a bunch of other ferries,
but that's because I'm in Toronto.
Well, that's the biggest thing since the place spread over here.
And nobody...
Well, I would imagine so.
Anybody in Rochester want to get to a lot of the city
and come to Toronto and come to a real city?
Hey, they finally put machines in the Tavia.
They put the slots in?
Yeah.
They put the body in there.
There's a lesson for all you people.
You want to save the fare mutuals.
You've got to have the slots.
And here on the local cable,
they have a...
Well, you can set up a OTV account
that right through the Tavia, right off the line.
There you go.
You can lose your ass sitting right on your fan-asset home.
Excellent.
Okay, Wilson, say hi to a buddy, Beaumont,
and buddy Gilmour, and all the others,
and have a great life.
Here's a guy from Rochester.
How do you like that?
He used to be a hell of a city.
The flower city with a lilac.
And the Randy's been parked in Cobbs Hill.
Now, he's listening online, obviously.
He's in Rochester.
Yeah.
And Tom Jicke would say,
well, that's good.
You're from Rochester.
And nobody else would listen to your show online.
Well, I got news for it.
You know, if you look at the domain report
on our website every day, George, on that stats page,
we've got people listening in Saudi Arabia.
Yeah.
And we sure as hell hope that's American soldiers
is something over there, not there.
You know, I'm sure it is.
Not the Saudis.
Not the Royal family that were always rippin' an ass
and we ought to invade there and hook up a big deal.
You take their damn oil.
The obnoxious, anxious Saudis,
the greatest breeders of terrorism
and the fanaticism anywhere in the world.
A bunch of grave robbers,
but they are snappy dresses.
God, I love their outfits, man.
Especially those mood rings.
WMQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What about any show on MTV?
Well, pick one.
Uh, about a punk.
Okay.
Okay.
Punk.
There you go.
And what about Jackass?
So, okay, this is the history.
Yeah, we can put Jackass on there.
What?
I thought it was over, but I guess it doesn't matter.
The worst TV show of all time is...
That's the pull question, Mr. Hot Shot.
Hey, Jackass is an inspiration to teenage boys
all over the world.
To go out and do us through things and break their neck
and break somebody else's neck.
Right, dude.
It's a show for morons.
Kind of like this show.
WMQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, Palli.
Got one for the fall.
Excellent.
How about, you know, I don't remember the name,
but it was this stupid show with Ted Knight back in the day.
He had a hand puppet,
and he was like a cartoonist.
Do you remember it?
Ted Knight had a hand puppet?
Yeah, he was a cartoonist,
lived in as he worked out of his house.
I'll be there.
Well, I don't know how to Google it.
That was going with the gay guy in it.
Was it?
Love Google it.
Oh, Jim J. Bullock.
Oh, man.
Hey, Jim J.
You're fairy.
She just gives me spielky.
Do you mind if I say Alice Rantell, Jim J. Bullock?
Gee, why?
In fact, who do you like better?
Jim J. Bullock or Sandra Bullock?
No contest.
I like her a lot.
She's good.
I don't care what anybody says.
So she may not be like the heavy-duty serious actress.
She can do anything well.
Let me say it again.
Do not watch the movie Garden State.
I warned you yesterday.
Four stars, highly touted.
Biggest piece of teardown I've wasted two hours watching
in my life.
Just garbage.
Swill.
Even though what's your name was very good in it.
Natalie Portman.
Right.
She's good.
I'd like Natalie Portman.
I'd like her server right up.
You can hear her.
No, not only that.
I mean, but she was very good.
She did a good job acting.
In the movie, unfortunately, they beat Hot Shot's act Braff.
He was pretty weak.
Lane.
He kind of reminded like, just like one step up from Adam Sandler.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Or maybe one step up.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, me.
I just like to say that we want to give a two-handerie.
Is it biggest backstabber ever?
Yeah.
Still Henry, who needs to be bitch-up?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Are you sure?
I guess so.
I just don't think he just said, well, that.
Well, that to me sounds like kind of a stab in the back if you ask me.
This is the new Roger.
Oh!
Let's do that again.
The dance, the old and the good vibes.
Who's the sound of the rest of the dishes he tracks?
Rest in the right, the way.
Welcome.
How's the tuition he wants to rest?
And a rest in that duration of things.
A stupid joke that makes me face to the streets.
Rest in the right.
Welcome.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
The logic of little cheer.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
The right.
So in.
I push.
Who's that?
Shoot a judge.
And I believe.
Who's she's right?
Who's she?
Who's a judge?
Final solution.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
Rest in.
You can go to his version.
Or literally the editing.
You can go on editing and muchos can watches with images.
Focus on previous images.
Roger metro cogенty.
L Igoribz???
SCADA Dre Poke-
The
Brown you're doing a lot of a job by the way it's 14 people were loving to find 60 WQM
In fact wasn't it was full I was always talking about that Brownie huh wasn't it?
was it?
Ted Night Show with the Puffets was too close for a comfort let's put that on their right
away I do that his two daughters were hot and had huge hooters
no no by the way what does it care about black people I think the guy works
Sanchez ran over to that says the facts okay little old and ponderous but thanks
for the info on the show you already knew that yeah only one of the girls
had big hooters the other one was flat as a board what about Ted Night here's
a fact that's about how do you like that from channel 10's website Miami Heat Center
wants to be a crime fighter Shack attack leads demands arrested Miami beats nice
going to kill on the ill is being called a hero enough for his skills on the
crime Miami Beach police said the heat center heard one man verbally attack
another for being gay around 3 a.m. Sunday while in the 300 block of Washington
Avenue the suspect later identified as Michael Gonzalez then through a
beer bottle of the victim hitting him in the back Gonzalez fled in a silver
hand and drove toward Palm Island the diesel contact an off duty police officer
at Palm Island provided a description of the vehicle and the suspect the
officer questioned gun dollars and arrested him on suspicion of assault with
the deadly weapon and aggravated battery how do you like that only you'll
said that's Shack he's interested in becoming a police officer when you
tears from the NBA the 7 foot one inch players currently training to become a
reserve police officer for Miami Beach already completed a training program with
the West Marshall's office in Virginia there's the kind of cops we need a big
imposing guy like all right him the log are with the law there that's right the
big head of the law 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get a list of about 3 400 here then I can
go on with my big pile here and get Tom jicker really aggravated enough set and
Miguel and anybody else out there with an IQ the size of their thumb 5 6 7 0 5
60 pound 5 6 didn't even rise in singular wireless line here's our award
winning QAM lineup today we got the mole my story to a little bit more gain couldn't
hurt mad dog it for hurricane hotline at 7 anybody care about that Marlon's
on decades 7 30 then the Marlins that Dodd fell man he is a god he's the best
yes he is just on the way I'm plus hit a home run last night to top it all off
the little icing on the cake 8 to 2 win over the Astros last night to Marlins
right now with a slim is it a half game that's right half game lead in a wildcard
race and of course filling one again they beat a lan last night so you got a
tremendous three way race I think it's between the Marlins and filling to be
honest with the cuz Houston seems to be going into a coma they couldn't score in
a fixed game it just they can't score any runs anyway the Marlins at the
Astros 8 o'clock tonight big game and then at EK after the ball game WQAM
hello the golden girl oh god that's a good one it's this it's already on
here though it sounded familiar yes it should have been called the olden
girls not the golden girls good god almighty not lot for chicks yeah there you go
kind of like this station WQAM hello Q I am hello yes sir hey how you doing
the I'm sorry don't be sorry I wanted to a memo to the Miami police department
don't have shack doing any undercover work but I wanted to I wanted to thank
you and George for that suggestion on irreversible what a profound movie that
was not me that was George I haven't seen are you gonna see that movie I mean
it's just I'm afraid really really well done hard to watch hey do you think the
Panthers got a great deal on who's the who's the forward they just signed
like two and a half million if they're main player I'm drawn a plan but
Yoke and an old Yoke and I mean yeah stolen for that amount didn't I yeah I think so
well we'll see we'll see what Yoke and it shows up he played great the couple
seasons ago and in the season after that he was like lost kind of landed
lost well that's a good point but I mean he's he's vastly underpaid I mean
when you look at some of the forwards with the Bruins just trying to find
I think that our ongoing was vastly underpaid too but they took a shot with
arbitration he lost he's getting 3.2 million he's worth a lot more than that
I couldn't agree with you more he'll be going after this year too yeah I think
that's gonna be a hell of a team though this year I think the Panthers are gonna
win the division okay okay thanks for killing my audience just a joke he
weighed a little hockey intense in there let's do some hockey talk we got the
exhibition this season starting pretty soon here's the baby Leafs now that
the Toronto Marley's this year they're moving from the same to St John I know
Georgia's upset about that because he was gonna go up to St John and see some
baby Leafs games I cried for a dollar WQ I am hello okay that WQ I am hello
yes sir regarding the Holy Oak and okay WQ I am hello you know how are you
this morning pretty good to have you back full time yes it is a couple of
full suggestions or for future polls I should say it's trying to help you out I
know you're struggling with a five day it's gonna be a lot of pressure oh please
I call these the angry polls I brought this up to George I'm not sure if he's
injured or not but what angers you most about other drivers and things like that
what what callers angry you to most like for example I get really upset
tired of hearing people is this Neil we only been doing the screenless for
about a hundred years now you think that they listen to the show more than five
minutes they catch out of that but that classic yesterday with a guard would
call a name that toll free that was good that was a great return to the
full city almost made worth of welcome in back thanks a lot pali
yeah for every day and that was good you missed that call man you're like me
worth a dime Bell South it was beautiful nice job I think he worked his ass off
on it you know I was promo worthy right did they make the promo yeah over
it over again the promo for the homo at least two major corporate clients of
lobbyist Joe all-ball president Bush's former campaign manager and former
head of the a FEMA have already been tapped to start recovery work along to
better Gulf Coast one is Shaw Group Inc and the other is Haliburton
companies of city are a Kellogg Brown and Root remember baby Root vice
president Dick Taney as we know is former head of Haliburton or can you imagine
how much graph he must be getting back to national anchor unit of San Francisco
based back to L corporation has also been selected by a FEMA to provide short-term
housing for people displaced by the hurricane Bush named back to L CEO to
his export council and put the former CEO of back to L energy in charge of the
overseas private investment corporation many of the same company seeking
contracts in the wake of the hurricane have already received billions of dollars
for work in Iraq to must be just a coincidence Haliburton alone is in more
than nine billion dollars Pentagon audits released by Democrats in June
showed over a billion dollars in question cost and four hundred and twenty
two million dollars in unsupported cost for the Haliburton work in Iraq but
the web of Bush administration connections is attracting renewed attention
from watchdog groups and the post-cathrean reconstruction rush congress is
already appropriated more than sixty billion dollars in emergency funding is a
down payment on recovery efforts projected to cost well for a hundred billion
the government's got a stop stacking senior positions with people who are
repeatedly catching and on the public trust in order to further private
commercial interests at Danielle Bryan executive director of the project and
government oversight and my suggestion Danielle is take a deep breath and hold it
hold it and hold it to let's say okay just the the rate of the American
public your tax dollars hard to work to screw you man there's sticking it to
you and thanks again for those bargain basement gas prices they're saying now
don't look for gas ever again under two bucks a gallon ever and now first the
average is over three bucks a gallon that's for regular as opposed to your
regular there's or in a spatch they congressional statute yeah you better take
that statute and cover it up get John ascroft busy okay put a little covering
over those boobies speaking of boobies that's uh... or in the hatch rhymes with
catch and patch
we're supporting as christians condemn a rickia ball that i i i i i i i i i
put this on the top of my pile or so shocked by this
are you may as well that or what yes i am
with increasing frequency christians are condemning u.s military involvement in
a rack
how do you like that the little slow on the uptake and the growing on rest among
christians threatens to be wrote president bush's most loyal base
wow we had no plan for making the peace we continue as a superpower to be
arrogant and we have acted as uh... though is all is well when in fact daily we
have reports of suicide bombings and more disruptions in a rax of the
river and bob edger although he's the general secretary of the national council
of churches a coalition of more of mainline protest north of the nominations
at the national council churches is always considered to be a bunch of commie
pinkoes that's right just like with hurricane Katrina
voice doesn't want to hear people say it didn't go well said edger a
democrat was president clear month school of theology from nineteen ninety to
two thousand
so some of the less militant christians are the ones that are saying uh-huh
you murdering bastard will have blood on your hands you both owe you knitwood
you simple ten you evil doer
but nevertheless all of the bdi's and at your own rubber band if he he's got
like uh... only bigger eyes but the same kind of beatingness as the new nazi
pope
wow how can you not see that what are the body wash the a new pope uses
Jewish after he takes that
holy crap
former mimey fire chief replaces female's beleaguered director
downtown miki brownie doing a hell of a job brownie on
that they must have showed a clip how many times yesterday
over again ice-co and they're finally catching on okay they're finally
ripping in an ass where ought to be ripped
faced with a toy to criticism over faltering hurricane relief efforts
president bush named a former mimey fire chief replace michael brown brownie
who resigned yesterday as a bit of female totally unqualified the international
arabian horse association by ass
and then you know so there there this stuff is coming up it's just amazing to
me the way they let this guy off though this man had no qualifications none
none and they should all these people even as of yesterday in mississippi and
all these towns golf port and a galaxy and they're like a where's female
where is female and they showed this one belieger guy who's a side of like uh...
you know go check out ten thousand houses
where is female
after a stormy record of misplaced aid in florida and slow response to this
actor the mississippi dollar brownie stepped aside and tried to spare bush
infim of the distractions of further political attack because he was
absolutely and totally just like the president on unqualified is what it is
and you people just like a michael more said and i've let it you people have
voted for them congratulations thank you so much to
this is new ranger
this is five sixty two
uh...
and
and
congratulations
coming up tonight
on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story
his beautiful
acting balance defined a beautiful
and spirit
of the lame ass was he a
he was Richard marks
whatever
and
whatever
and
and
and
and always had to see before he broke through his own
and
practically model and solo career
marks was a well-known backup singer with other pacified whips acts like
learning
originally
i'm one of the voices there that sounds like a girl
look i knew i was writing a quick way with Richard there was only that brief
period in the late eighties when women got all moist over breathy guys of
questionable sexuality with feathered fairfossett hair former Richard
march manager slothy go you don't think Richard ever got over it
it's sad really every week night since the late eighties he stood on a street
corner in hollywood hoping somebody might still care
poor guy he really is still right there waiting
wherever you go my old audience whatever you do
i will i will be right here waiting for you
hey baby you want some of this what are you a boy or a girl
i was gonna ask you the same question uh uh Richard marks perhaps we've been
unfair to him so what's your point it's a big juicy
stopping with looking show business tonight on inside the behind
hey she was really great there Richard marks in fact it seems to me
that back when they has zated days that Richard marks was in concert somewhere
like it uh somewhere that we were sponsoring it
remember the bird uh i don't run off with Richard marks the worst tv show of all time is
anna mccoll show 64 growing up throwing up goddy 46 fech
rozeo donnell show 33 juries finger 25 he hogs 21
american idol 19 fear factor 19 oh let's eat some worms
cop rock 17 Oprah 14 dukes of hazard 11 the view 10 the
Brady Bunch hour 9 full house 7 LeVernon
scurly 5 chlamille slamasel the nanny 5 chlamazel
my mother the car 5 uh everybody loves Raymond foe green acres foe
no kid porkey now Beverly Hill believes three
extreme makeover two punky bruister two golden girls two jackass one
punked one newbie wed game one with bob u banks and a stiff neck
CSI one mod one blind date one married with chillin one
baywatch one and none yet for two clothes for cover magnum for you
and a bunch of other ones like willing grace rug rats madlock home improvement
in heah honeys out of the first year 125 vote we got a shot of 400 votes today Josh
yeah we'll just have to push it a blanche ealy heist to high school student face criminal
charges and certain as foshan after a gunny brought to school to charge in class
he was playing with it and it went off it was just another algebra class in
185 a blanche ealy high monday morning yesterday morning around 10 35 when a gun shot rang out
nobody was hurt when the bullet hit the flow and ricochet into the wall and see
americans and their obsession with guns with like a sickness it's like a national illness
it's like me and the sugar ice cream and candy say it's an illness the 15-year-old freshman whom
the herald is not identifying because of his age totally detectives last night he was playing
with a glock 9 millimeter handgun when it went off somebody should have told that kid sometimes
when you play with it it goes off he says he found the gun in the field said BSO spokesman Jim
Leidall who added detectives are investigating the claim right teen parents turned him in at 730
last night at BSO's competent meet district office after the gun went off everybody spilled on the hallway
apparently thinking it was a firecracker students and the third he said 115 year-old
of city was in the class that he first thought a ceiling tower light had exploded students said they
were stunned that a classmate had brought a gun to school I was scared to leave class said 17
year-old nadege amroise a junior I didn't believe that I was like girl please
girl please of course your zone asked please he says you know what you do with kids that take guns
to school shoot them in the lake well well said what the world got yeah that's a good idea just
take a hey say listen you know you might hurt somebody like this shoot them in the lake like this
see it might happen to somebody else kids bringing guns to school boy oh boy you know and see the
American public see some people might say they're resilient I would say stupid in different callus
insensitive no matter how much human suffering that that's why this tremendous outpouring with
Katrina and everything else how how many more seconds you think that's gonna last that's it that's
the end all this crap about all the American but that that business in columbum when you stop and
think about it and then of course we had that epidemic we had about for a little couple of years
there we had like about a half a dozen of those episodes and it just you know to some people
who might consider themselves civilized you just wonder what that's all about well I'm pissed off
I was you know people made fun of me so I'm gonna throw a bunch of people away see the American
people don't teach their kids instead of all this resurgence of religiosity in America they don't
teach their kids anything about respect for human life and like I've always told you a country where
the value of human life is nil non-existent can ever be a great country America wants to part of
time as a great country but that's a long time ago kind of like back when Aussie and Harriet were on
speaking of great TV shows my vote for the poll for the worst show ever from Vernon is green acres
it's already on their Vernon and all time favorite to hate night man I have no idea super hero with
corny powers and a corny sidekick night man you remember that show I saw a convertible for it well
I think they read one episode of it well I was more than enough he says night man get that on
their right away Chris and there was only one episode who how many people saw five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line so far and in the
coolest pulled away from throwing up goddard and I think you're right because throwing up goddards
on e and e right as many people as soon as you know what if you haven't seen it don't kiss the
ground kiss your TV set kiss the tube WQAM hello hey how you doing now okay pali listen I got
I got the ultimate answer to your your poll today yeah how about survivor that's the one
that started over reality bull crap okay you know survivor anywhere we can just make it
generic survivor Geneva survivor is no survivor started after the super bowl survivor start like
six years ago right over scrap what I just said I understand you're just repeating yourself
I mean did I misunderstand what he said no he did he must have what he said survivor okay like
I'm trying to say it's like generic as we could put specific survivor like survivor rock can and
you know survivor a lot a lot for it let me say it again buffalo blows okay although the bills
did winter game there who the who did they play that they beat up the other day we're at 10
year old quarterback oh he was doing well that's like a little girls team okay buffalo blows and
so do the bill there you go nothing changes WQAM hello uncle Neil yes sir good morning when is
you know I was gonna make a suggestion to mulls and he's back to be okay great well you go ahead
and do it WQAM hello Neil it's not that I'm just I didn't just tired of that okay if you want to
call him up I have the woman my life for him no more yes sir welcome back thank you yesterday's
roll hilarious he's good um what's something funny one for your polar good text out loud how
loud he ever heard about a real TV show you could but my away me show on or two for that we
thought about real TV shows I make believe thanks again Marvin for that great job there on that
whanny show that we had no control over and they butchered up and you couldn't hear the audio
oh that was great that was really something talk about humiliating and degrading that was just
degrading how does that what am I doing by the way no speaking English last time I check
and what here no more see there you go again with that mole crack WQAM hello QAM oh this would
be a shame to lose this call wouldn't because I know this is gonna probably have the right answer WQAM
I got to go right here WQAM hello hey good morning welcome back thank you I know you
weren't really gone but that was a round they started back full time George was a good job but there's
that one okay he was okay not great he was okay kind of fear he was never saw him ran out of
steam at the end there but he was all right he never saw a free train but right now he's like
Edward R. Murrow he that's that's correct he's like a combination of water chronite and Charles
Lorton and should be failed no I'm right and uh orson will listen I am so glad you broadcast that
Michael Moore letter to a broader audience my mind is mailing list I got the other day um
see I know I should come as a shock to idiots like Tom jicke but the reason I read those a lot of
these things on here is because uh most people aren't gonna take the time to read them they don't
have the time or they're too lazy or they're not interested but if I sit here on my fat ass and I
read them on the ear uh it might like a little light Michael off on their head or something or
whatever and in a society where the number one rated news channel is box the fascist news channel
and the number one local news is channel seven news is nothing but a girl school Frank right
that's right you know I'm five people need a dose of truth okay I would say that we're like a gay
club is what it is well I don't know but it's amateur it's Mickey Rooney hey kid let's go on a news
show yeah you know in fact I know this is a news uh survey you're doing but you could put the old
channel seven news with Rick and Sally that might be the worst show of all time yeah uh for
anyway hey nice to be back and uh stay well and have a great life thank you if the food fits
fight it now what Sally used to say if the food fits something about it I don't know well she
Ricky always said that she and uh he and Sally were a good fit nobody said he said they were tight
but I heard yeah I doubt that problem and I never forget that time she kind of like a cost of
me in front of the channel uh front iod channel seven was right next to her and I don't think
we had ever met before and she came over waddling over and like oh I'm Sally hi me um
my my my my and you know that stuff you say about me I really don't like it I said well you know
what Sally are we didn't care that's exactly what I told her I said just a radio show honey
and I said watch out for that coke bottle there like you started that room you know she had her own
spot there in front of the station she kind of had like the squatters rights robin for my
racy's jony may have loved chaachi but please put them both in your pool okay jony loves chaachi
taking on my voice Scott uh Bayo again now who was he married to I keep forgetting he was married
to do I don't know yeah you do the one from not slanting wasn't that him that was married to her
I don't know Nikola churn okay that's the one they said not slat huh but I don't know who she
was married to be she's I know that show now that dating uh I was by desperate dating desperate
Miguel or speaking of I have to tell you this even though you don't watch passions I know that we
got about four people out there who do only on passions would you have a prosecuting attorney a
blonde bitch named grace nancy or grace nancy or not that she should take off and everybody at
frame it's so you have to see it's just a hoot what are these days Ted Kennedy is a ripen uh
in the only documents that have been made available to us it appears that you did not fully
appreciate the problem of discrimination in our society it also seems that you were trying to
undo the progress that so many people had fought for and died for in this country let him have a
chance stick it to on baby Ted Kennedy for dictator everybody gets laid everybody gets all a booze
they want Ted's my kind of guy okay real pervert hey what was the last time you really indulge
yourself speaking of that weeks ago months ago even longer Donald mattress and surder want you to
indulge yourself every night with surdas perfect night mattress line right now when you call one 800
mattress you can save up to 900 bucks off the dollar mattress factory direct prices the perfect
night features surdas highest grill counts finest quilting and memory foam for the ultimate
and comfort the surdas sales for a limited time and you're going to save on all sizes and comfort
levels while supplies last now 1 800 mattress and they still do that same delivery deal they give
you the two are window that you pick new to two one to three winners if it's convenient for you
when you're going to be home when you want them to show up and guess what they do they show up on time
chances are they have the mattress you want in the size and comfort level you're looking for ready
for same day delivery including even today if you call right now dollar mattress is ranked number one
and customer satisfaction I've been using them for a long time and George uses them more and McGail
and even fat boy I can imagine the size of his mattress just a few of the people at QM horror
satisfied customers and you will be too so if the old mattress is just headed lumpy and bumpy
and soiled and nasty and sticky don't put it off another minute call one 800 mattress right now
or log on to their website mattress.com call today be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight
call right now one 800 mattress one 800 MATTR ES three off the last S because it stands for
stew pendus savings this is Neil Rogers as in this
lady Madonna riding on your horse your conbrock at car in the rains of course
it wasn't funny when your bones were broken felt just like a punch from that function
pan make that awesome to a level suitcase riding on him wasn't very fun
cuz he threw you down upon your cute face like a virgin
lady Madonna flying to the air wonder if you hear that something like the
friend yet well-catch your friends will be sending wishing some fee and sympathy material girl
no good pretending don't cry for me lady Madonna don't have no luck
star maybe next time you should ride in a car
the impact of the effects test the mobile case changed the Zimmer case
well senator you disagree what we were senator what what i'm finished is our answer okay well i
just like to uh to get his weather December case was not the holding this rule of the
what i'm having to add okay you racist bastard John Roberts you and your ragan i right wing
bastards anyway 20 after 11 it's all just an exercise like i told you were before the show it's
a dog in pony show and it's exercise and they're like uh you know he's gonna get confirmed and
he's gonna be the uh you know that's it as a matter of fact i probably shouldn't read this
article now you're not gonna read all these articles today are you yes i am just a piss off
Tom jico okay just to make his balls got spogger even a little bit bigger how you doing Tommy i know
you're listening even though the show sucks and i'm very shallow and it's a piece of crap and you
can't understand why i do what i do you don't know do do okay Tom i heard you gripsing and belching
and puking on a year go back to the track and lose your ass and in the bush error writes ejd on
jr in the watchman post i wonder if he's kind of like marcell the on you think so
hope speaking of hockey let's get hockey intense let's get rimmer on for a hockey show
the bush error is over the sooner politicians in both parties realize that the better for them
and the country i would say on the at the court of russia recent months and especially the past two
weeks have brought home to a steadily growing majority of americans the truth that president
pushes government doesn't work brownie aside of course his policies are feeling his approach to
leadership is detached in self-invulgent his way of politics has produced a divided angrily and
dysfunctional public square we do not go on like this the bush error didn't begin when he took
off as a reward the terrorist attacks of 9-11 to begin on September 14 2001 when bush declared
at the world trade center site i can hear you the rest of the world here is you and the people
will knock these buildings down with her will hear all of us soon bush was indeed skilled in
identifying enemies and rallying a nation i'll read this post a waction he failed to realize
after 9-11 that it was not we who were lucky to have him as a leader but he was lucky to be present
of a great country that understood the importance of standing together in the face of a gray
foreign threat very very nearly all of us rally behind him if bush had understood that a central
task was to forge national unity as he seemed to shortly after 9-11 the country would have never
become so polarized instead bush patriotism to the service of narrow narrow ideological policies
and extreme partisanship he pushed for more tax cuts for his wealthiest supporters and shamelessly
used relatively modest details in the bill creating a department of homeland security as partisan
cuddles in the 2002 elections he invoked our national anger over terrorism to win support for a war
in Iraq but he failed to pay heed to those who warned that the u.s. would need many more troops
in careful planning to see the job through the president assume things would turn out fine on
the basis of wildly optimistic assumptions careful policy making and thinking through potential
flaws your approach are not his administration strong suits and so the bush error ended
definitively on September 2nd that they bush first toward the Gulf States after Hurricane Katrina
there was no magic moment with a bullhorn the utter failure of federal relief efforts had been then
by then been penetrated to country's consciousness yesterday's resignation of FEMA director Michael
Brown put an exclamation point on the failure kind of a the source of bush's political success
was his claim that he could predict Americans leadership strength and security were bushes calling
cards over the past two weeks they were lost in the surging waters of New Orleans but the first
intimations of the end of bush error came months ago the president's post election fixation
and privatizing part of social security showed how out of touch he was the more bush discussed
this boutique idea cooked up in conservative think thanks and Wall Street imaginations
the less the public liked it the situation interacted deteriorated the glorious economy bush kept
touting turned out not to be glorious for many Americans the census bureau's annual economic
report released in the midst of the Gulf disaster found that an additional 4.1 million Americans
had slipped into poverty between 2001 and 2004 the breaking of the bush spell opens the way
for leaders of both parties to declare their independence from the recent past it gives forces
outside the White House the opportunity to shape a more appropriate national agenda for
competence and innovation in rebuilding the Katrina region and for new approaches to the
problems created over the past four and a half years the federal budget already a must be
for Katrina's now a laughable document those who call for yet more tax cuts residing like robots
drawing automated talking points programed inside them long ago Katrina's forced the issue of
deep poverty back out of the national agenda after a long absence finding a way forward and
eventually out of a wrackle require creativity from those not implicated the administration's mistakes
and if ever the phrase reinventing government had relevance it's now that we've observed the
performance of a government that allows political hacks to push aside the professionals and what
of bush was more than three years left in his term paradoxically his best hope lies in recognizing
that the bush era as he and we have known it really is gone he can decide to help us in the
transition to what comes next or he can cling stubbornly to his past and thereby do himself to
frustrating your relevant what an outstanding calm now granted i'm too shallow to come up with
stuff like that myself right what I have to do with other brilliant people have written because
i'm not so brilliant i'm just some fat plus sitting on a radio talking with a big mouth okay
Tom you idiot you quizzling you yeah now if you're in LA yesterday after those warnings that
tape that were released that an improvement tape on Sunday and notice nobody wants to talk about
an improvement that's his name just like they don't just like on all these talking head news shows
they don't want to talk about the fact that brownie was uh bushes college roommate that was
his qualification to be director of fema you think they were the same frat he was his college roommate
yeah they probably were doing that secret handshake or maybe they were shaking something i think
it was a boat maybe it had something to do with the old brownie hound but at any rate and now they
don't want to talk about that i mean every now and then you hear about his uh you know preceding
job is the head of the international uh radio and horse association good golly miss molly
but at any rate so if you're in LA yesterday and you saw the an improvement tape on Sunday where
they were threatening against sydmy austradia and LA and all of a sudden in the early afternoon i
guess it was about one o'clock LA time and the power starts going out yeah all over the area
exactly i don't want to say that they were a little bit nervous and that they're on edge but a
power outage that affected more than two million people in and around LA yesterday was
triggered by an unlikely source a utility crew installing a system upgrade dammit the LA
department of water and power workers cut several cables incorrectly slicing the wires as a group
rather than one at a time and how about speaking of ad tv shows one day at a time oh yeah said
and miller director power systems operations and maintenance for the department that triggered a
short and tripped circuit breakers and by the being power is going off like crazy the surgeon
electricity to the raining lines overloaded the system caused the shutdown at the power receiving
station where the DWPA employees were working this station converts high voltage power from
area generating stations to low voltage power used by minis and residents the system lied alert prompted
to generating statements of receiving stations to shut down as well as a result the department began
shedding customers cutting power to people across the city to stabilize lines when the outage
began the workers were installing automated monitoring control to provide department officials with
immediate information about the status of its system they screwed up in other words to make a
long story short they slice it they dice it they talk to and they didn't have the uh
regimentic what a vajama to discriminate in mathematics for girls women would have been legal to
discriminate in the hiring of teachers would have been legal not to provide services or accommodations
to business able i guess ten hasn't figured it out yet that uh you know Reagan when he didn't
want to renew the voting rights act let's face it republicans don't want black folks voting don't
you get it this is new rodgers this is by sixty two a.m.
obdember the actor that played Gilligan dead at seventy did we really know him when we come back
he reveals newly discovered videos of the crews all night sex parties
oh Gilligan you mean so happy you want you're just not i don't know how to describe you so great
take it easy now little buddy just take it easy although they never got off the island they still
got off oh it's just so round it's so popular how that looks just good to it
here we go you are right through it again will you please
be true how it looks so how come we don't have Gilligan's island on our pool so far huh
well if i quit reading these stupid bedtime stories and take a hundred and two hundred
calls we get a whole bunch of names on it how are we to cure pool is not the most important thing right
i always used to confuse Bob Denver because i hated that show with Jim neighbors hey Jim you're
very okay is he dead Jim neighbors or what i don't know i don't think so i don't rock Hudson's
still dead right what show was Jim neighbors on gober pile us have say gober pile that's a bad show
get that one on it right away that was the end of the end of the Gilligan's island and the one
and the Griffiths show oh god gober's it's from late better you know everything bad came from
Andy Griffith even open he just croak he just died here while back to me i don't think so come on
Andy Griffith just died please i don't know maybe not i thought we just did a whole thing about
Andy Griffith not that long ago well google it see if he's still alive here's a New York Times editor
that was reprinted yesterday's Toronto star of all places governor turns into girly man governor
Arnold Schwarzenegger was a profile in timidity last week when he vowed to veto a pioneering bill
authorizing gay marriage in california the bill which both houses the legislature passed by
narrow margins would expand the definition of marriage to include a civil contract between two
people not exclusively a man and a woman this was an enlightened and fair-minded stand that made
california's legislature the first nomination to approve same sex marriages two batch Schwarzenegger
couldn't find the courage to sign the bill into law instead even before we saving the bill he announced
a tortured rationale for vetoing it for years social conservatives have accused judges of deciding
social issues that should be left to legislators now Schwarzenegger wants to ignore his legislature
and leave gay marriage to the courts of the voters at large to decide he relies on a fig leaf
i wonder where he's sticking that five years ago california's voted overwhelmingly for a ballot
measure that recognized only heterosexual marriages as valid a statement by the governor's press
office declared we cannot have a system where the people vote and the legislature derails that vote
that ignores the fact that five years has an eternity in the fast-moving arena of gay rights
even though 61 percent of the voters approved the ballot measure recent polls show that the
electorate is now evenly split the legislature is hardly a renegade body for roughly mirrors
popular opinion Schwarzenegger also seems to have forgotten that this nation was founded as a
republic in which the citizens elect legislators to govern on their behalf such representative
democracy is especially important when it comes to protecting the fundamental rights and minorities
it's easy to guess why Schwarzenegger wasn't such a hurry to announce his veto although
initially held as a centrist superhero could appeal to a broad range of voters his popularity
is plummeted in poor show that most californians are inclined to reappose his reelection only as
republican base continues to back him Schwarzenegger's own views of gay marriage are hidden beneath vague
sometimes contrary comments that up add up to ducking the issue the former raster universe who
is derided political opponents as girly men is afraid to say what he really thinks he falls back
on a rational that would leave the issue to the courts or another vote of the people anything to
him off the hook now girly men you're not a word you're proud yeah he's a pathetic oh speaking of
pathetic what president of the valedictive citizens the day sedans was removed from power was a day
of deliverance delivered in america will always be proud that we led the armies of liberation
oh yeah we're really proud of him man you're doing it
uh oh Robert's of all because we can't i mean i could put the thing on here and just sit back
here and put the confirmation hearings on if they would get this bozo off here you don't want to do
that huh those are riveting well thank kennedy was just sliced and Robert's up real good on civil rights
but nevertheless the pain court nominee john robert said today that the landmark 73 ruling on
abortion was settled as a precedent of the court as he was immediately pressed to address the
divisive issue on the second day of his confirmation hearings it's settled as a precedent of the court
in title to respect under principles of starry the incisors the concept that long settled decision
should be given extra way robert's told a judiciary committee robert dismissed any suggestion
that his catholic faith would influence his decision if he was confirmed to read the nation's 17th
chief justice the roman catholic church strongly opposes abortion and birth control anything
else that makes sense senator judiciary committee uh chairman arland's specter
cited president kennedy statement in nineteen sixty that he didn't speak from his church on public
matters and the church didn't speak for him i agree with that senator yes robert said that's the
same president kennedy that was killed by that magic boy there's nothing in my personal views
based on faith or other sources that would prevent me from applying the president of the court
faithfully under the principles of starry decisis robert said starry decisis is Latin for to stand by
a decision and legally translates into the doctrine that says courts are bound by previous decisions
or precedents especially when a case has been decided by a higher court question about rights of privacy
they've got a judge cited various amendments of the constitution that he said protect those rights
and said i do think the right to privacy is protected under the constitution in various ways
of course judge calia which probably like rolling his eyes when that testimony was being given
when you think i would think because judge calia of course don't believe in anybody's right to
privacy unless he's out duck hunting with a vice president and he wants to be left to hell alone
five six seven oh five sixty or speaking of that speaking of good catholics lawsuits filed by
two main yesterday accused the Catholic diocese of Orlando of concealing clergy sex abuse more than
thirty years ago but turnies for the two unnamed plaintiffs charged at beginning of the mid-1960s
the Reverend Vernon you ran you ran i followed abused them and others to 1976 had rectum
reasons saying very magna in church in alta mond springs the church of the resurrection in lakeland
saying to recent church in belview as well as on a cross country trip and recreational vehicle
you ran and he followed in his recreational vehicle the suits each seeking five million
dollars in damages also charged the leaders of the diocese including bishop William borders
now retired archbishop of Baltimore new of the charges against you ran refused to do anything
to stop it even concealed the charges all how unusual huh they swept it out of the rug
so the thing in that in the church they got all those old uh oriental carpets you know
yeah yeah a lot a lot of rugs a lot of stuff to sweep under there the suits filed in orange circuit
cord lives at the diocese transferred to uran from perished to perished we're continue to have
unfettered access to minors it was permitted to have frequent sleepovers in the rectum
reason how do you like that rectum reason border served as the first bishop of the diocese of
Orlando which was created from the diocese in st. Augustine from 68 to 74 according to one suit
one of them and a 14-year-old altar boy was sexually abused not let's see did we have we
vassier eyesh if he was an altar boy didn't we yeah you did and you didn't answer i think you're
i said you did and you know the answer the answer was no right oh well you luck boy you lucked out
i was one for one occasion for a wedding now they don't want to know that's where a purple dress
and you have it it was lovely i always sure if we had pictures of that we could put it on our
website georgian is little purple dress out of lace vest that went with it totally counts a good
thing you didn't run under the purple people eater i think it was uh do the survey yeah quite a
one suit one of them and then a 14-year-old altar boy was sexually abused on 10 occasions in 71
during a few month cross-country tour that you were and said was a spiritual retreat or maybe
just a treat part the diocese of Orlando hasn't been served any papers regarding these allegations so
we can't speak to these specifics in the case Carol Bernadier direct a communications and the
statement child sexual abuse is criminal and sinful we remain committed to helping every victim
and we pray for all those involved in these situations can you imagine how do you like to have
ten dollars in a bank for every person in Africa who's gonna die because of the Catholic church
about one penny okay i'll take a set pennies from heaven how about pennies from rimmer by a hell of a
lunch two months ago that i sees a Orlando in state augustine agreed to pay one and a half million
a set of claims by three men who say they were sexually abused as altar boys by uran and another
priest more than 30 years ago three men leds that uran and the reverend hubert reason abused them
in a summer camp that they sandpaper retreat center in winter park and it sent me very magulin
on May 1st Orlando Bishop Thomas Winsky brought the accusations of the attention three central
Florida parishes where the priest had served and urged any parishioners who had from information
about the two men to come forward reason died in 84 Bishop norbert dorsi then bishop of ralina
removed uran from ministry in 92 after another allegations of sexual abuse man i think i want
to be these guys were sure busy this is Neil Roger you fell this is 5.62
Neil god oh wqa where the bag is
good morning we must begin by recognizing an essential fact poverty is one of the great moral
achievements of american government if we in government take our responsibilities
seriously the shortfalls will grow larger with each passing year and we must tap into the problems
and pass them on to future presidents and future generations the american people voted for reform
in 2004 and now they expect us to work towards bankruptcy down the road i came to watching
you the slow economic growth i look forward to working with members of congress on this important
together we will make certain that american means it's deepening long-term problem and most
americans are bankrupt thank you for listening absolutely
for
For their levies, looders causing anarchy.
In a rubah we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway,
For one white girl we drained a lake,
And even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford,
And a bird, a boogar, a ribbed.
I guess next year they'll be no Marty Grown.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film crew to Florida.
That's absolutely...
747, 13 to 19, we got the Mole Myster bit too,
at Mad Dog at 4 and then we got that hurricane hotline at 7.
So what's the good thing for them that the game is in Houston, you know, an hour behind?
Well, no, because then they get some of those spots in there that they sell for as part of that whole hurricane package, you know.
And that's what it's really all about, carrying these ballgains just to get spots on here.
And they're really on a sports station.
Just get a lot of spots on there, like the 4 and a half million a year they're going to have to cover around the ticket for those dolphins, man.
And once they start showing their true colors,
I think they show their true colors in the first half of the game on Sunday.
That's the real dolphins.
And the second half, when Denver stayed in the locker room, it looked really easy.
It just amuses the hell out of me, how people get so it happens a year after year.
When are you going to learn your lesson already, huh?
Take it from an old leaf fan, I know.
Street smarts said John and Columbia South Carolina,
a stupid game show that asked people on the street what color is in orange and they get it wrong.
How about green?
Street smarts, got it?
Yeah.
Okay, we need a lot more shows on that pool.
Let's take four, five, six hundred calls between now and two o'clock.
Maybe a thousand, what do you say?
All right.
The worst TV show of all time and in the cool show 80,
Showing up God, a 53, Rosio Donald 39, Jerry Springer's God.
3rd man.
Merkin Idol 23, he haught 23, fear factor and cop rock 22 piece.
Oprah's got 17, what a show that is.
Is that a show or what, huh?
I love the pastel backgrounds though.
Oh, yeah.
The view 13, Dukes and Hazard 12, Brady Bunch Hour 10, my mother, the car 8,
full house 7, Laverne and Squirley 6,
Sprawd, Yussel, Mielsen, Slimozles.
Everybody loves Raymond Fie, the Nanny Fie, Beverly Hill,
Billy's Fie, Tunky Brewster 4, Green Acres 4,
Joni Loach, Chanchie 3.
What about Charles and Charge with Willie Ames and Scott Bale?
Okay.
What was he in charge of, by the way?
I wonder.
Right, oh.
Well, I don't want it.
We don't want to go there.
Well, like I said, let's take a bunch of these calls, get some more names on the pool.
I got to see it's your fault.
I tend to always go back to my pile.
Dominic QYM, hello.
And that's the meal I do.
All right, Mr. Crawler.
I'd like to know if anybody's made the point about the new director of FEMA.
He's the man who's most notably known as the guy who says every home should stop pile,
plastic sheeting and duct tape and tape.
And they put new things in there.
I make it into that MSNBC yesterday, right?
A knife.
Dr. Kip and Viscueen.
Another half-life.
Okay.
Well, we should know.
He's a Miami guy.
Yeah, I can pile a lot of that too.
What's that?
That's why you know it.
Oh, yeah, especially for her case.
Mr. Wipple says, come on and to get him out while you can.
Because you don't want to get left in the can without a whole bunch of rules.
Actually, I found like a store brand that very...
You see, we get kind of the believe that you should spend more for toilet paper
because it's more like thicker and several ply and more absorbent and like easy on the old ass.
Well, come to find out that some of the store brands are just as even better.
Are they?
Well, that's what I've discovered.
I'm a skier.
I'll send you something.
All right.
After you watch that movie, by the way.
George is watching the movie tonight.
I want a full report tomorrow standing in the shadows of Motown.
All right.
Few people haven't seen that movie.
I'm almost inspired to play some of that music now.
Oh, God, is that a good movie.
Again, if you don't like Motown, then don't waste your time.
I mean, it's no garden state.
But what is?
Huh?
But then what is?
Yeah, it was a bad.
If that comes on immediately, I bust you TV screen.
Smash the...
I know you want to listen to it.
Just bust a cue.
Yeah.
See, another music.
Music is good on the CD.
But when you're...
I don't know.
It's just that when you watch the video, it's just a million times better.
You'll see.
All right.
Guaranteed.
I've got your book, his life on it.
I've got your sud's life on it.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
You okay?
WQAM.
Hola.
Hello.
Yeah.
On the O God.
Yes, sir.
As far as the pole goes, how could we forget a horse?
A horse, of course, of course, the amazing Mr. Ed.
Yeah.
And then there was also a show that Bob Denver became famous for before Gilligan's island.
Dove Gillis, I think it was...
Yeah, that's correct.
Yeah, those two definitely belong on the pole.
Okay, you got him on.
Right.
Don't be jealous now.
Let's see.
That was Dwight.
Or when Dwight was the good actor, Daryl Hickman.
Right, if you say so.
I'd never watched a single episode.
It was Daryl Hickman, the kid that had the white hair, it looks like an albino.
And the Dwight Hickman was his brother who was really a good actor.
Good morning, they saw it where I met Hapi.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Hello.
Good morning, they saw it where I met Hapi.
Hello.
I'm Mr. Rea.
Well, that's good.
See, that bit would really be funny if the voice answering the phone weren't so bad, such a bad,
I'm going to fake voice.
Right.
We could fake it better than that.
Oh, yeah.
Anybody could.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Daniel, how are you?
Pretty good.
I just took me to put a pole.
Time so fast to go on there.
I'm with you, man.
I don't know how you're painted.
No, no, no.
People who like this show, they, you have to be smarter up to get it.
But that is a stupidest show I've ever seen in my life.
Hey, man.
Another thing.
Well, you consider after a conflict over to follow a schedule like Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Until what, until I'm 95?
Oh, God.
I can't listen.
I can't start them.
Why don't we be like, oh, the Georgia's been a great job of my table.
When he plays music, he's great.
I think he's on music too.
Uh-huh.
Go ahead.
I just can't start them.
I mean, you're not like 80 years old.
You're still 60.
I see you as a lady like 89.
Okay.
I love you, man.
Joe.
I'm talking to you, young whiff.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
I'm talking to you, man.
That's a beautiful thing.
That's great.
And of course, Rupert Murdoch is probably like a peeing in his pants over there.
Oh, who put that on there?
You know, good old right-wing Rupert Murdoch that puts all that perversion on Fox Entertainment.
This is Neil Rodger.
Your fellow, this is by 69a.
Stick Jamie, I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rodger's welcome one hour.
Hey.
Huh?
I'm here to you, Mr. Starfunko.
Rupert sounds like a fart in your limo.
Oh, my God.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
God bless you, please.
Mr. Starfunko, there's a happy sign as you will say.
Oh, what?
Who's it not to say, hey, hey?
Say, hey, hey.
Now you have a criminal record in our police files.
If we have you, we can kind of help yourself.
Look around you all, you see our dilated eyes.
If you're getting stoned to it in your own arms.
And yes, can you, Mr. Starfunko, smoking gun just keep this though your phone.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
God bless you, please.
Mr. Starfunko, pop on the motion, I fucked away.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
It's funny.
It's the Timberst.
I mean, I was getting started the new school year and everything.
And I know you're on vacation having an ad chance to talk to you.
But how many people out there have friends or neighbors who have kids...
neighborhood, who have kids who have children.
You know what I'm saying?
I just went to college.
I got neighbors.
It's like her and guess what I said why don't your kids go to the army or something?
Oh, no, no, no, I'm gonna go to college and they're in their
Bush Bush I you know he just drives me nuts. Yeah, he won't send the road chauvin over there
Well, when's his daughter's going over there, huh?
I'm sorry. I said when's Bush's daughter's one of the twins going over
Correct, you know if anybody else but their trover and that's what
Exactly. Yeah, human sacrifice. Amen. What are they thinking? And I I really
Trouble that the the nominee can't say that this is a fundamental right of it
And it's its constitutionality has not been challenged
I'm a concern that
The the judges of use on civil rights
The views that he had when he was a young person in the
Justice Department appear very much to be his views today. I asked him about the different memoranda that he wrote at that
Particular time and what his views were today. I would have thought that he would have understood that under the brother
Stinchy and cramped you that he had about the role of Congress and of the Constitution
They put have understood the the dangers that we would have about
Civil rights. Oh, what did you think of his response to questions that Senator
Allens specter the chairman of the committee asked on abortion rights for women
Suggesting that the Constitution in his view does have a right to a right to privacy
Well, I think that we're going to have to hear more about to this and I think we will
I think send a fine sign that is the indicated both in a opening statement and indicated that she is going to spend a good deal of time
Where are the rest of the ten candidates? You know, of course he could never be present because he killed somebody
Well, I thought what right was it because of poor Mary Joe, you know, that carbon off the bridge
We sure can't have a president who's responsible for anybody dying. Oh, that's right. I forgot right because presidents and senators don't have people killed
Okay, okay, that's right. K was the one now who's being naive. Well, it's just it's so pathetic anyway
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've rising singular wireless lines
WCAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil
One for your poll. Let's also get now one of the worst shows ever step on him
Thanks, Sally you have a good one out the off you got out what you do?
WQAM. Hello, who's being naive now?
Okay, and the bulldog daughter let's say that's right. We can't allow the ladies in the military
Sorry bulldog daughter's gotten excuse Alan keys daughter's gotten excuse filo shoe fly sons got an excuse kind of lays kids
Got an excuse all these gay offspring while he's right wing far bison pretty amazing
Wouldn't surprise me if the Pope's got some gay kids while they're not necessarily his but 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pada BDI Pope man. He is really dangerous
Wow just looking he in fact he's got those Bellagosi eyes, you know
70 Q. I. Am hello
Thank you for your poll. No, yes, sir
How about 18 18 how's it going 18
And how about night writer night writer writer night. What is it?
I'm thinking we're sure that you like a lot is always on it's on
Screen TV here on the cable
The screeners hang out in fact maybe it's on right now. It's not oh look what's on the Adams family
They just went into a break dammit on nice stalker cold-check the nice guy. That was great
I loved it. They have all those episodes on there. We got some good channels here that you don't get too bad
It's about I can't find that hat anymore
WQ. I. Am hello
Q. I. Am good afternoon. Good afternoon. We'll just say boys
Dominic who I am hello
Hey Neil yes, I was a show with that the singing talk there was on like a couple years ago
I remember this under copper. I'm sorry. I'm doing very well
25 votes they either like poison and I got one more
Hello Larry with McLean Stevens and what I'm on that was
What was it again? Hello Larry. Hello Larry. Oh, yeah, that's that well how McLean Stevenson
He had a one of those a tremendous failures for McLean after mash
After mash we just had to sit back take the money from the reruns go on with quesos is he dead McLean Stevenson
I think one of those guys died now
What do we ever find out about whoever we were talking about before which I forgot already about Andy Griffith
He's still kicking Andy Griffith is still alive. Oh, that's right. I think he was I saw a picture him with Don Nuts
Because Don Nuts is right on the edge right? He's still hanging on right? Yeah as far as I know
Who Don Nuts reminds me of and this isn't a shot. It's just they just suds
Okay, they have a look us to be I mean the look so much just the same kind of personality. You know the same kind of ambiance
Don't you guys huh?
Yeah, Don Nuts is what I made it. I could just say in fact
It's not too late. You can get that show signed up suds before Don passes the other side
He's gonna pass to the other side. I was just thinking about that this morning about all those old farts that used to call when I was doing my old
Farts radio show on WS news and I and Z at night
Well, guess what they're all dead. How do you like that? They went to the other side
In other words, the worms are having him for breakfast lunch and dinner and maybe an occasional snack as well
Read the the words that Judge Roberts
I think it's it's not a great leap to say that he didn't have a full comprehension as someone that was a 30 years old about
What this country what some of like John and man had gone through
You know over the course of his lifetime. I think that we need another 99 senators like Ted
We might be okay. Kick some ass steady. Shout out. I'm all go out and get drunk
This is the story of a girl who got lucky
Oh
Why is body
She can't smile. It's what she was waiting for
And now she
Will be
Not because she's a lucky
Night grandpa
That's it. Oh
Oh
My teen is I'm like some old
Frazzled up guy with a lot of money to murder some hot young bitch
Well, and her kid's not warm. Uh, let's see female. Listen. She says the Tony Danza show
He's gonna need a creeps. I just see him
I just see him and I start getting better. I feel I'm keen
Tony Danza show he's disgusting and somebody's got a list here Barney and friends. Okay cops and the Lawrence
Well show I wanted to let's read some of those old parts
I wanted to he's dead Lawrence well and I bet you the landings sisters are probably dead too
And also that big guy skinny guy whatever his name was Larry or something or other
And it looked like one of the Jordanaires that used to sing with Elvis. I wonder if Elvis is still in bed with mommy up in that heaven and that thing
This guy cloudy pillows. I'm sure
Well, how old was he when he slept to stop to stop slapping with mommy?
Oh, God five six seven oh five sixty pound five suit
There's a lot of that that goes on in the trailer park slapping with mommy and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless lines
Especially in Tennessee WCYM. Hello
Yeah, I would like it to know that I love okay good WCYM. Hello
Yes, you were speaking about Motown earlier. Yeah, this is Dennis Collins. I told Bob Hamilton to play three
Oh
God our very upset a very discreet performer magic employee who hates Bob Hamilton like poison
Hey blame it on Ricky Tickey. Okay, he can handle it
He said he had a lot of stuff to tell us about Bob Hamilton. But for the time being he keep it keep it under his cat
I know you
Yeah, that's true five six seven. There's Joe Biden just to play baseball
baseball now if he's a
God, what what cocka what crap, you know people's people's lives are hindering out of bounds
This jackass is gonna be the chief justice for next hundred years and they're like everything's a big joke with Joe Biden
Hey Joe, I take back what I said he sucks
Ted Kennedy for dictators what I say
Well, uh, cow down
That's how he's great. So he was a little uh, you know, got drunk it happens to the best of him
At least he wasn't dittling around with these chicks and like okay like I said he was
White and black Americans view Hurricane Katrina's aftermath in starkly different ways
With more black-saving races of factored problems with the federal response according to a CNN USA today
Gallup poll released yesterday the poll found that six out of ten blacks interviewed said the federal government
We're slowing rescue in those shredded New Orleans after Katrina because many of the people in Louisiana city were black
And you know something those black people are right for a change they were wrong about oh Jay
They were wrong about Michael Jackson, but they're right on something that's a lot more important only one in eight white
Respondent shared that view all you crackers the numbers were similar on whether they rest you as we're slower because the victims were poor with
63% of the black-saving poverty only 21% of whites doing so the poll based on interviews well
I don't want to go through the whole thing in a separate survey and Katrina reaction that was not broken down by race a majority of those
Interviewed said they disapproved of the president's handling of the disaster the disasters are us that should be there be sign on a white house
disasters be us
According to the poll broken down by race blacks were more likely to blame bush for problems in New Orleans with 37% of hold and
Holding in most of blame for the fact that many residents were trapped inside the city after it flooded
20% of blacks primarily blamed mayor Ray Nagan 11% blame the residents themselves and 27% blame nobody at all
Let's play the blame game
Which is a good idea like like I call him the other day play the blame game. It's a good time for point the finger
Okay, and all of them
including that bitch that governor boy. She's another idiot. The whole is her name Kathleen Catherine whatever name is got their hairs
No, you hear about her playing by the way. No, what about it? How you go about this?
So let me get right to it. Okay. Well, how about it Joe? He's just biting his time at five six seven oh five sixty
Oh, yes, what we got going on here right now the film festival
Did you know that to Toronto film festival? It's not the real biggies. They're all the superstars here in town
Man, they were lined up to see Madonna the other day. I wouldn't walk across the street to see that bitch
In fact, I'd probably walk the other way. Yeah, well across the street to get away from it. Yeah, I could probably smell her if she was over there
For sure Jake Gillen Hall now. What was the movie he was in he was in a couple of movies. Yeah, I don't know
God he was he was in the one that had promised but the ending was really bad which you hate like poison
I kind of write me other room during the break. I'll go in here and I'll see what it was
You don't know what it is. No, but we're gonna IMDb him
Jake Gillen Hall and Heath Ledger weren't drawn to broke back mountain the story of two cowboys involved in a homosexual relationship
By the movie's risky subject matter the controversy may rise. I wonder which one was riding the side saddle
In fact said Gillen Hall those aspects of the script worked against his decision to do the film
I read the story heard about it as the gay cowboy movie and I immediately responded against that
He said at a press conference for the film at the Toronto Film Festival Saturday
But as soon as I heard director ang Lee ang and how you say that?
Ang
Ang
I don't know who that is. I do as soon as I heard director ang Lee was attached
Is he kind of like Pinkie Lee Bruce Lee or Peggy Lee or maybe a Brenda Lee?
I knew it would be a different type of movie that would go beyond the confines of two guys
Their sexuality toward the more difficult topic of love. Oh
Ledger agreed first and foremost when I read the script it was one of the most beautiful stories
I ever read he said it's really refreshing to come across something like that
So far viewers have agreed broke back mountain based on the story by shipping news author
E.A.N.E.P.U.L.
One the golden line at the Venice Film Festival Saturday the festival's top award and has earned a claim in Toronto
Oh, it's a game movie that earned a claim in Toronto. I can't imagine why the film is slated free rest released December 9
The film which begins in the early 60s concerns two young men and his Del Mar ledger and Jack twist
Yill and Hall as in twist this maybe he does the twist who are hard to tend sheep for a summer in my home
Uh-oh and find themselves attracted to each other
Well, at least they have found themselves attracted the sheep. Thank God for that
I saw the previews of that at the theater the other day and and
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
They continue to meet with each other over the years even after their lives have gone in different directions
Asked a question about the US gay marriage controversy the two actors said they hope the film shows a gay relationship in a matter of fact
Unsensational light and that contributes to tolerance if it does shed light on the idea that there's real love involved
It's great said gill and Hall when two people love each other
They love each other period and people should hold on as hard as they can oh, I tried to whether it's homosexual or heterosexual
gill and Hall added
The actor's own friendship and the quality of the script by novelist Larry McMurdy of Alonsen dofame and Diana Osana
Is she she came to Osana bin Laden help them do the love scenes oh no
What's the see the characters do it our real friendship and the things we shared together make it kind of easy to play the role of real friends
You said and the screen sex we just kind of dove into the love scenes and dove out again as fast as we could
He paused to some laughter and that was it they dove in and dove out is what he's saying
Directly his previous thumbs include crouching tiger hidden dragon the ice storm sense and sensibility and a hawk
The hawk while we won't blame him for that and the hunk or I will so I got a listen to his movies here
I don't know which one is the one that you're taking him and all it's a green him
Well, he was in the day after tomorrow, which I'm sure you didn't see no
The man who walked between the towers no might mind no highway the good girl lovely amazing bubble boy Donny dark
No, I can't be dark. Donny dark. Oh, okay. I mean I've seen you know a couple other movies has been but Donny dark
Oh, which was fine until until the ending and the ending just you know, I'm see that anyway. Oh, okay
Oh, that's right. Don't watch it. You don't have to because the lightning came to the seeming or whatever
Now it was me. He was pretty much like that and he did
All right, so look at look at all the time I just saved you watch the other you can watch the moton
We'll be in a fight sounds to the wasting your time on aircraft
This is Neil Rogers
This is five
This is G Gordon lady and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
Absolutely
Good
What a lovely way of proving where we're real couple
Oh
Yeah, even though you're raising me
You're fair
Another
The one thing you don't want is another husband
But you're having my baby
I'm a woman in love and I love having more than six years
Having my baby
And I'm not talking about how I've been about Bruce with me
Your brief daughter
We're out there brother
What almost feels like I'm checking up with my mother
Are you sure that we are
Be having my baby
What a lovely way of proving me
Of both others
Having my baby
I said you want to hear sure I lose you real fast, but that's where it goes
It's a 1233-27-11 at QAM did FEMA buy votes for Bush as William Fisher of the Enterprise Service
You're not going to read another article right? Yeah, in fact, I got a real pile here, okay?
Oh before I do this one. This is a heavy duty stuff about Brownie, you know, remember old Brownie
Yeah, you did a great job out here great job Brownie
And it keeps showing their clip I love it Joe Biden by the way. He's doing a hell of a job grilling old John Robbery for in different states
There you go
Before I get to the other thing I told this to Hank this morning. He wasn't aware of this story
I thought Hank would read the daily news in the New York Post all of when you get up early in the morning
Like he's having to do now
Don't have a lot of time to read in 8,000 newspapers and SUV driven by former New York Jets star Joe Kleco
struck and killed a homeless man pushing a shopping cart on the major dig and expressway last night
Police be saying Kleco the only player ever voted the pro bowl three times at different positions
Couldn't see the victim until it was too late because the car in front of him was in the way they said
Unlike the Rick Sanchez incident a high-ranking police officer said Kleco stopped his 2005 Chevy Suburbini immediately and waited for cops to arrive
You can see he was shaking. He's very upset. But he's cooperating fully. He said adding this is a tragic accident
He said Kleco volunteered for a breathalyzer test which showed no boosiness system. He wasn't cited
Accident to clear about 10 o'clock around
233rd Street near the city line the victim tentatively identified as J Peterson 56. Oh, I hope he's not related to Pat Peterson
Now let's see. I'm getting people confused. Let's see Pat Peterson was either one from North slantie or who was a pat Peterson
Who's saying the song my dad who was from the Robert Reed down a Reed show? Who's that? I'll check about the song
But I don't know from North slantie. Yeah, you do
Was pushing a shopping cart on the southbound shorter see first of all you shouldn't be pushing a shopping cart
They push me on a highway not a good idea when he suddenly veered on the roadway in front of a car
They said the car swirved around a man
But Kleco was behind in the same lane didn't have time to avoid the victim
Peterson be released from St Joe's Hospital in the onkers earlier in the day was unclear why he was hospitalized
Probably from here in those race calls of bullet bob myers at yonkers
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? I sure don't nobody got my Peterson straight now and pat Peterson was on not slanting
Okay, no rate Peterson saying there's some songs
No, I wasn't ready for Peterson killed is a pregnant wife. Well, we know that. What about grace and answer?
Oh, man did he survive? Oh, now who's the appearance and love what the song my dad who sang that because he was under the downer Reed
Look up the downer Reed show do a Google on that what's the cast? Okay, huh?
Try to sneeze there. Hey, and I'm not that this is important my dad
What a cornball song that was Pat Peterson was on not slanting. This is important stuff by the way
It's important in life that you get your Peterson straightened out when and doubt straightened that baby out
We got over 500 votes. That was our poll today
So if you might have voted on the poll fine if not bye-bye
Paul Peterson Peterson was on the downer Paul Peterson that is correct was on the downer Reed show and saying my dad
That was bad song he was well. He was on TV, you know as Michael Brown as Brownie resigned his post has had a FEMA
Yesterday following a relentless beating in the press for his mismanagement of Katrina really favorite rescue efforts
Details on famous past missteps began emerging when in doubt they're starting to
Come out possibly the most
Egregious of these largely underreported fiascoes was the revelation that FEMA made 31 million dollars in questionable payments to residents of Florida's
State County for damage from hurricane Francis in September of 2004 even though the storm caused only minimal damage in that area as we well know
Jay Robert 100 director of insurance for the consumer Federation of America was a top federal flood insurance official in the 70s
Natives said that the Francis overpayments are questionable given the timing of the election and Florida's importance as a battleground state
Hunter was Texas insurance commissioner in the 97 of them then governor and Richards of Democrat
Homeland security sources said after the hurricane that Brown and his allies promoted him as a
Successful to Tom Ridge as Homeland Security Secretary because of their contention that he helped deliver Florida to President Bush
By efficiently responding to the floor of her or Florida hurricanes. That's the storm's not the football team
According to a report by the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general more than eight million dollars was given to 4300 people to rent temporary housing
Even though they hadn't asked for the money and in many cases their homes were almost completely undamaged by the storm
Your tax dollars hard at work the inspector generals report with made public last may any hearing of the Senate Homeland Security and
Governmental Affairs Committee the committee's chairperson the very whiny senator Susan Collins main Republican
I mean she's she's like a character of herself. You ever see her speak?
No, Susan Collins said FEMA paid to replace thousands of TVs air conditioners beds and other furniture as well as a number of cars
Without receipts or proof of ownership or damage and they solely on verbal statements by the residents
Sometimes made in fleeting encounters at fast food restaurants
Oh, I lost my 2005 Corvass all three of them by the way. I sent me a check. Okay. You're very whiny
It was a pay-first app questions later approach Collins said they're whiny Susan Collins
She said the inspector generals report identifies a number of significant control weaknesses that create a potential for widespread fraud
Enormous payments and wasteful practices they officials describe the damage there from hurricane Francis
Everybody and winds up to 45 miles an hour is minimal minimal round offended is agency of the Senate hearing
You said FEMA mistakenly paid up only a handful of undeserving claims made some other bureaucratic errors a college roommate of
FEMA's previous director with little emergency preparedness experience brown was replaced last week by post guard
Officer to head the agency's role and directing the Katrina relief effort
commenting on FEMA's performance during hurricane Katrina
Bow gross cup professor of international relations of Cal State University at Tico
TOLD IPS how about Tico and the man?
That was a bad show tool IPS
It was another lesson in the class in political nature of Homeland Security
Homeland insecurity the inspector general said his office started investigating the matter after the Sun sent
All informed Lord. They'll publish articles alleging that FEMA massively overpaid many dead residents after Francis
And we're not talking about Francis over here the ij said one case of overpayment involved 10 million dollars
That was used to replace household items in date probably because of a nationwide FEMA policy
Recording that the replacement cost of a large bedroom sweep be paid even though only a bet is damaged
Homeland security sources said at the time that FEMA's effort to distribute funds quickly after Francis
And three other hurricanes that hit the keep a little battlegrounds that a Florida one to take in with an eye on the upcoming
2004 presidential election the ij said
Reports said program controls for the administration of FEMA funds needed to be tightened to the additional guidelines and criteria
We needed to ensure the agencies overall effectiveness some of the other findings include right to your these
FEMA awarded 10.2 million dollars to repair a replaced household room items for date County residents
However the procedures used by FEMA to award funds for those items didn't limit assistance to only
Disaster related losses as required by federal law
FEMA awarded over 720 grand to 220 applicants for personal property items based on their verbal
Representation of their losses contract inspectors were not required to validate how damages to automobiles were disaster related
The amount authorized for auto replacement, especially for older vehicles was generally far in excess of the market replacement cost
Or an amount needed to require comparable transportation
FEMA awarded 192 grand plus from miscellaneous items to applicants in date County based only upon the verification of such items were purchased
Not whether a disaster related need existed. Keep your old receipts
As of February this year FEMA awarded 13.1 million dollars to date applicants for rental assistance and home repair and replacement
FEMA provided 82,000 dollars plus an expedited assistance to 114 applicants who were not or may not even have been eligible
Those applicants reportedly had insurance didn't report a need for housing or reported that their homes were not damaged
Overall more timely reviews of inspections might have prevented approximately
$24.4 million of ineligible recessive payments that FEMA has made throughout the U.S.
Units territories for mongest of last year to February this year meanwhile
Representative Henry Waxman, top Democrat on the House of Representatives Appropriations Committee warned against
Authorizing government to raise the micro purchase threshold from 15 to 250,000 dollars for purchases related to the relief and recover from Hurricane Katrina
And he led to the committee chairman California Republican Jerry Lewis
Hey lady
Waxman said raising this threshold would mean that any federal employee with a government issued credit card could buy up to
$250,000 in good their services in a single purchase there will be no limit to the number of such purchases
The federal response to Hurricane Katrina has been woefully unit acquitted date
We should not now compound these problems by creating a situation which will inevitably lead to further waste fraud and abuse
He wrote that's your government baby waste fraud and abuse it
This is Neil Rogers
This is $5.16 million
Oh my god
Word even loves Neil Rogers
He always gets the trouble and he gets another chance
He drinks the glass and then he does the making chicken dance
He'll start a fight on any night because he falls his mind
If they did a lot of mean at one great cell they find
We'll just go in and feel as that he's battlehold is life
One time he tried to cut his old hair with a father night
His problems cost a million when he was playing baseball
He could see filled up his body with cocaine and alcohol
The latest chapter in the post-golite reduction campaign
To place one early morning while driving in a ballet
The calm spot in his vehicle's wording is open new
The leader had a drunk driver, a sound minister would do
And then the white kid in the night
His drunk can ride
He tried to hide but he couldn't win
He turned himself in and spent the night in jail
He touched the box because point on business the final male
It's hard to feel that far the guy we've seen this all before
He cries and asks forgiveness and then he comes back for more
Perhaps this time the public should give to why it passed
Maybe it won't give me close to certain things in the ass
Welcome
So 48 to 560 WQA and we got 500 and some on what 24 votes on us pretty weak
If we can't make 700 today I'm thinking early retirement
Oh gosh I know
Yeah I'm thinking that too
Yeah
Early retirement for Josh if we can't get 700 votes during the show today
I mean I didn't even like push it, push it because this is like universal
Bad TV shows there's only about 80 trillion of them
And we sure got a good list down there for you to watch us from
Chlamio Salamazzle
You know we can put some more on here too
All right we haven't had like a whole budget
When you thought we had like hundreds of factions today on that
You had to throw it
Yeah
The worst TV show of all time that's like from the early 50s like from last 55
Years for price sakes
What in as wrong with these people Jesus Christ you've done this one before
Well guess what get ready for a lot of other pools that we've done before
Yeah in fact we're going back to the beginning and starting with
If Eric Scott that list that's on here somewhere
Yeah what's your favorite? I got it
What?
What's your favorite 80s song?
Yeah what's your favorite 90s song that's in the game 90s
45 bodies fought at New Orleans hospital
The bodies of 45 patients have been found and they flooded our hospital state
Officials said yesterday amid otherwise encouraging signs large and small
Then New Orleans is climbing back to which after we slammed by the hurricane
The bodies were found Sunday at 317 bed memorial medical center which is
Vanded more than a week ago after we surrounded by flood waters
Now I just I just mentioned this in passing
The story that I mentioned yesterday which I notice is now made it onto the common dreams.org website
I'm not going to bother putting it on again because we had it on our as yesterday
Didn't we I think we did I think we did the world in doctors we had to kill our patients
And Josh by the way is again really nervous if we don't get those 700 votes
And I'd pull for crying out loud but you know this town
You have to beat him and whip him and hit up. What is wrong with a people
We've got at least two million people listening right now
Well by the way tell me I have over a thousand people listening to show from all around the world online
I started asking that before about the a domain thing. Yeah
We got people like listening in Saudi Arabia in Costa Rica in
Netherlands and places you wouldn't believe online places you wouldn't believe
Sweden
Mars the listening on Uranus
Tom that's because they don't like to show it's because I'm shallow a lot of shallow people out there
Not can relate to them
Doctors as so many way the historic from yesterday doctors working in hurricane ravaged New Orleans killed critically old patients rather than leading them to
Dianne agonies they evacuated hospitals the daily male on Sunday the male on sale of bird paper can reveal it says
With gangs of rapists and looters rampaging through words in a flooded city
Senior doctors took the harrowing decision to give massive overdoses of morphine
To those they believe could not make it out alive and an extraordinary interview with the male on Sunday
Wonderland's doctor told us he prayed for God that mercy on her soul after she ignored every tentative medical ethics and ended lives of patients
She had earlier fought to save so I have a feeling I couldn't be wrong
But I have a feeling that some of these bodies that they're going to find behind are the people that had to be you know put to sleep
To use a delicate term and that a good and a nice term. Yeah, that's it put to sleep as opposed to like youth in Asia
All of the probes is he'd like to find some youth in Asia. That's why he keeps traveling around the world
That's why he probably went to cologne. I can understand why the Pope likes cologne man all the probes
I can get that. Oh, man
Wow, if you ever went to cologne, Germany you would take you go on the hoist ross in there and you take one look around you say
You know what you'd say? Oh my god. That's exactly what you'd say
You have never seen people who look like that male female
Some not I'm not too sure but wow well dressed up scale beautiful
That's where the beautiful people are beautiful young people. That's why the Pope was there speaking of people probably choosing
Share probably pickings a new swish guard. Yes. I don't know what you think of Jude law
What I think of him. He's a good actor. You as far as sexually. I mean. Yeah, that's what I mean
Oh, I just set you naked picture out before what it's worth. I already seen it. Oh, okay. Sorry
What what that was the movie he was in where he like shows his goods. I'm trying to think about movie that was this is paparazzi
So this is done. Yeah, yeah, see I like I told you yesterday
I'm I'm just it means nothing to me if there was a picture of Tom Brady in a turgid state. I uh, yeah
It's not interesting to me, you know, huh?
Mississippi. I'm just telling you oh by the way, turgidity is illegal and pompony
It's a bit a conversation piece. So it's on our website. No, no, I can't put it on our website. Sorry, because we don't know how old he is
Oh, no, that is bad. Jude law and naked. I know there's some movie he was in where he like uh, swinging it
I can't think of what it is the worst TV show all time and the club just gonna read a few of the ones that I've got like double digit
Because it's really ponderous and in the cool 91 throwing up goddess 69 horrible show the world just brutal
Rosie O'Donnell show 54 where Jerry Springer 40 a show for morons American Idol 33 cop rock Scott
30 man. I mean, you know Jerry Springer is okay once watch it once. That's all you need to watch
Really he ha 28 fear factor 25 over 23 a show for female morons the view the only difference being that the people to watch over are the women who watch that crap
They think that it's for real see they're into it. Yeah. Oh, she's so wonderful
And she's solving all the society's isl and she's doing so much for the poor people and she's giving away cars
Yeah, Duke's at hazard 16 the Brady much hour 10 my mother the car 10 and the jony look I'll do one one single digit
Jony loves chaachy look at away. He spelled jony
Cheo a and y no wonder we don't have enough votes
548 in the sunshine state that's bad whenever going to get to 700 and then Josh is gonna have to take early retirement
Not just from the show but from the Marlon games
Cuz Roxy heard the things you said about him sounding like guilty
I'll take a little bit of time and if you are is what is it with these all these sports casters with these bad bad voices
I know that there's like a new sound Roxy doesn't sound like guilty. The hell he doesn't
You've got a squeaky voices out like a little girl it's a little high, but it ain't guilty
Yeah, it's a little bit higher time outside of all too like a bunch of little kids doing ball games
As a matter of fact
I was a channel surfer down the package there on new and all the ball games on the other day
And I came across whatever game Joe Buck was doing now, you know, Joe Buck is good. He's not great
He's overrated, but I thought to myself. Oh, thank god for Joe Buck
I was so relieved to hear a good voice
And it's not only some of the new punks that are on there, but like you know
Out what's the kid's name or can Kenny Albert would I charge like a shot before he finds a mush in his mouth or something like mush
Just so many really bad bad broadcasters see this is what's happened
I was a network's trying to like, you know cover 80 million games. They can't do it between CBS and Fox
They can't do it
Horrible people doing ball games
And then of course you got those color guys like that buck sure will are said that booed might as well just he might as well
Taking a nap that game last week
Buck Martina's whichever bucket was some dumb buck Martina's book Martina's my ass
What happened to the great you know sand? I know we're living in the past all of us old forts people who had personality
People that were dynamic, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm saying these guys suck
This is Neil Rogers
This is 562 AIDS
So this is on it. This is not a tumor. It's the ones of two hours.
Oh, what can you get this? I can get a little piece of Hawaiian.
Oh, that's a Hawaiian.
What are you doing here, not a little?
When I wake in here, I pull my ovens up like honey, evens. That's for you.
It's a failure. You're forcing me to do this.
Damn.
Hey, how about a nice Hawaiian punch?
You're a...
hahaha
How do you do?
How do you, how do?
no...
I'm going to go to the boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
And they looked like women. Your federal communications division formally comprised of broadcast engineers,
but now your overlords of decency is cleared to announce our new FCC morality инт'm the only chief the queen and the radio
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Nope. Well, whatever should be done...
myself. My white blue eye Jesus. I want to cleanse his feet. Foot fetishes are hereby
approved. We're a burden books too starting with the wizard of Oz. We Christians have always
hated that book for the longest time now. Something about a gay prison or something
is we'll have you believe. Game people cause 9 o' 11. Although I did like irreversible.
Foot tenia. Foot tenia. Foot tenia. That's your Jesus manila. I wonder if Peggy
Nancy in your pants. I wonder if she's related to grace and answer. You know,
Josh, I don't want to break the bad news to you, but it's been nice knowing you.
This is so tragic. 6.06 you need 94 votes in 40 minutes. There is no chance that's
gonna happen. Hey, remember last time you doubted and we got to our goal. Yeah, you never
know. Goal, my ass. 6.08 you need 92 and 40 minutes. It's just, and I can understand
if this was like some pool that a lot of people couldn't relate to. Is there anybody
out there that don't watch TV? No, it's never watch bad TV shows. No, of course not.
Don't forget our all the shoddy. It's come on. And the all the shoddy and so there
it is listening on their crystal radio. Or maybe just crystals got the radio turned
up real loud and sitting outside your house. You think later that connection. I just don't
understand this man. It's just remember those glorious days. You know, maybe all of us
just ought to hang it up. I can put some stupid ass sports show on here. Oh, they can't
wait. They, they, you mean the powers that pee? I'm sure that. I'm sure there's a whole
bunch of people in that building just like grasshoppers rubbing their hind legs together.
You know what? Yeah. Look at that. British approval. Oh, man, it's bad. There's Bill Schneider.
He's got a skull on his face like, oh, the bush, my spirit for what happened. He is trying
to take charge now because the polls show a sharp drop in the president's ratings on
leadership. Take a look at this. The number of people who call him a strong and decisive
leader always is most admired quality. That was 60% in August two weeks later it's dropped
to 52. Oh, my gosh. The lowest rating on leadership ever or even then before 9-11. Good.
Excellent. Keep dropping man. Keep it down to about 3%. The deaf dumb and blind. Now,
seeing that, I wasn't really going to care about this thing. It's my own fault because I said
earlier when we got to 500. I said, if you want to vote fine on the pool, we don't really
care. That was a bad thing to say. That was like maybe a personal shot at Josh just for the
fact that you know, like on Sunday, he got what? What day was it? You got the stories
on it about three in the afternoon. That was his last week. I think it was this weekend.
I saw Sunday three late. He goes, took us. Now, he's been doing it in fact this morning.
I look on there at 30 in the morning. He's got a whole bunch of the stories on it already.
I thought, what a fantastic job he's doing on here. You know, right? All in 800 of them.
Wow. That was a comment. Wow. What a shot. Well, you don't have to worry about the size of
that next check. You want to know why? Why? Because they're going to be. Oh, you're right. Look at
all the stories on there. Oh, that's bad. I'm sorry. I apologize. Those are all from today.
It's good. God. Well, there's about to do with the transpire. Count those ones in a run into that.
I don't think I ever did that. Well, I get carried away. I want to put some good stuff on there, man.
I get a little bit carried away. So I promise I won't do that again. I'll count that how we got
on there now. At least undercut it by two or three or ten. But what has that got to do with the
fact that we got that many stories on there. We got to have a lot of people reading them. What do you
think? If crack, let's take a look at what's the most now that we don't have those naked pictures on
here. We want naked pictures while we can't put them on there. Sorry. Let's take a look at what's
the most red story. A bush buddies land cat contract for Katrina. That's a good story. 205 over 200.
That's not bad. We only got like five stories. They got over 100 reads so far. That's a little
week side. That's a little week quite frankly. Man, one thing about South Florida, just when you think
they're right there at your side and you really got the menu to look around. I think it was Tom Jikker
that put us behind the eight ball again. Thanks a lot, Tommy. Okay. For pointing out the fact that I'm
so shallow. That's what did me and all these years I've been faking my way through and all of us
suddenly discovered. Oh, he's really shallow. He's about as deep as a kitchen sink and a small kitchen.
629. You need 71 votes in 36 minutes. You can do that. That's two a minute. You're right. They're
just they're just playing with us. You know what I'm saying? They're just teasing us now. That's all
just a big tease. It's like when you're at the slot machines. You get five times wheel of fortune,
blank, you know, and the other ones like in the upper right or the lower. You know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm saying it's getting pretty ponderous. Okay. And now who was saying before about
the slots of all the TV downs at first call we had the different Rochester about they find
it got the slots in there and other kicking ass. That's what's the salvation of the current mutuals.
When are we finally going to get that solved? How many years is that going to take in South Florida?
About 30. Finally get a ruling on that. Before the legislature gets off their lazy ass now that
the summer's over and it's the 13th of September. Your fat ass governor once again trying to
divert the will of the electorate which overwhelmingly passed that in Broward County last time I've
checked the numbers. Man. But what's the use? You know, I can sit here and scream and get all worked
up into a frenzy to public likes him for whatever reason. They like his fat ass. They like his
coke his coke head daughter. Whatever it is they like. I don't know. Smoking white. Is that what it is?
Columbia? They love Columbia. They respect the fact that she smuggles her crap in.
Robert Sheer in the LA Times writes, finally fooling none of the people. There's never a terrorist
around when you need one. Even a couple of suspicious looking foreigners playing soccer near the
Superdome as good to begin to make landfall might have done the trick to give this easily distracted
president focused the war on terrorism after all George W. Bush's obsession of
obliterating any other consideration of the nation's well-being. With the terrorist sighting Bush
likely would not have lingered on his Crawford ranch vacation, which he interrupted only for
politicking and fundraising opportunities. Norwood Condoleezer Rice had gone shoe shopping while
the world witnessed the sorry spectacle of the Gulf Coast in deadly disarray and Shirley Donald
Rumsfeld who blindly attended the San Diego Padres game as New Orleans was filling with water wouldn't
have dithered for days before sending in troops to aid desperate Americans. Even if for a high
officials father to care about the four mostly black victims of Katrina enough to change their
schedules, the administration probably would have bungled relief effort anyway because FEMA's now
run by political hacks appointed by Bush who knows zilts about disaster relief. Brownie, you're
doing a heck of a job the president said to Michael Brown a few days before the FEMA chief was
relieved of his oversight of the relief efforts after massive public pressure over the agency's
response to the hurricane. Brown who reportedly doctored his unimpressive resume and didn't have
a background in emergency management resigned yesterday, he had secured this plum job because it
was a college buddy of his predecessor Joe Alba who managed Bush's 2000 presidential campaign.
So he said somebody gave wrong information and I passed it along. He wasn't Bush's roommate,
he was Joe Alba's college roommate. So that definitely made him qualify. During the Clinton
years FEMA was turned into a model of efficiency as demonstrated after the Northridge earthquake
in the Oklahoma City bombing. How bizarre than that in the wake of 9-11 the administration
handy kept FEMA by acting its counter-level status, turning it back into what some call a turkey farm
for patronage jobs and slashing its budget because it Alba complained it had become an over-exercise
entitlement program. Then there's the fact that the first responder course been vastly depleted
by Bush's misadventure in Iraq, visiting New Orleans on Monday Bush argued that it is preposterous
to claim that the engagement in Iraq meant there weren't enough troops to help with hurricane
relief. Oh yeah, tell that to the nearly 35% of Louisiana's army and air national guard forces
and 37% of Mississippi's National Guard troops deployed abroad mostly in Iraq. Had they been at
home and not in Iraq, their expertise and capabilities could have been brought to bear,
said Army Lieutenant General H. Stephen Blum, the National Guard Bureau's chief,
referring to the critical first hours of the disaster. Unfortunately, what the Bush White House is
good at when it comes to national security is providing flash over substance as Democratic
Senator Mary Landry-Bluzyanna found out the hard way. After riding in a helicopter with a
present and seeing machinery apparently working on a breached 7th-13th Street levee, she was shocked
the next day to find the work mysteriously stopped. Flying over this critical spot again this
morning less than 24 hours later, it became apparent that yesterday we witnessed a hastily prepared
stage set for a presidential photo op and the disillmediate resources we saw this morning were
reduced to a single lonely piece of equipment said the Senator in the press release. For far too
long this kind of shenanigan worked well for Bush allowing him to nearly win a second term. His
administration was asleep at the switch on 9-11, even though the system was blinking red according
to the NSEI-H chief. Bush grabbed the bullhorn at ground zero, made himself as a war president,
and suffered no real political damage from the failure to either capture Osama or find weapons
a mass destruction in Iraq. But as one of this nation's greatest war president said,
you can't fool all of the people all of the time. When the Iraq war grinding on with no end
inside and the post mortems of the Katrina debacle showing the White House and Homeland
Security Department who have been confused as and in up to his FEMA itself, Bush's support in
several national polls has continued a steady plunge below 40%. On Newsweek poll found that for the
first time less than majority of Americans felt Bush possesses strong leadership qualities as
a signature claim to fame. Boy if they got that right. Stint Robert's here and we just heard
a late number there from what's his name there on CNN. What's his name? You know a Bill Schneider.
Oh come on you better get with it Mr. you better get on top of these pundits man. I don't I don't
watch. Get with it good. 129 a.m. for years Armstrong Ford or homestead is always treated
everybody like family. They want to stand it off for you to join their family. Ford
Nationally is extended their Ford family plan offered through September 6th.
Yeah well I mean September. Oh this is maybe the wrong piece of copy. I think it's through
September through the end of this month okay okay and right now at Armstrong Ford or homestead
you get to what are you getting all nervous about. I could just say here it would be silent.
Well I was across the room getting pizza. It wasn't even in a position to
uh flyers or something on. Well what position do you have to be in for that? Prone? Yes.
Right now at Armstrong Ford or homestead you get the same great pricing that every Ford motor
company employing their families get. That one you get employee family pricing you also get
Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program and for a limited time with any
new car purchase you're going to get a color TV free with all of these things what could you
possibly be waiting for. Pick up the phone right now and call 305 247 51 12 talk to our friend David
Rich you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch no phone ideals.
This fantastic offers only waiting for you is at Armstrong Ford or homestead where they always
treat you like family. In fact David says bring your family to meet our family at Armstrong
Ford or homestead you'll find them at US one in southwest 307's reaches 20 minutes out of the
836 you will get a better deal on a Ford any places else in town check them on the web
armistroncars.com and then give David a call to 305 247 51 12. It's how you're all about the Ford
family plan. Drive a few miles extra to save thousands and thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QAF.
You can't rate me ever again. Your up limit is to my shakily ring and that's not the
right condition by choice. It is what's important. I get my own voice.
I got some news that they put a stop to the noise.
Come on toy out of you when you're on a board.
I got nothing to lose since my virginity's lost so give me back my baggy blue shorts.
Why do you want to show you who's the boss? Let's get back to the safe to me.
Only one person I know who can rescue Geli. You know who it is?
Who? The great crime fighter, Shak.
You're going to make your 700 Nazi.
I thought to myself, oh yeah maybe it's an old man but now we got 667.
See the 33 and 24 minutes that you should be able to do that like rolling off a log.
You know these people don't want to take you like holding you into a coma with Dave
Enboring's dulcet tones putting you to sleep. The Marlins win the world series.
Even Joshua Bennett that was one of the most embarrassing calls.
You have to worry they're out of town anywhere they're in Houston so you can
recommend asked for that. It's pretty weak wasn't it?
Yeah I'm looking forward to that game tonight.
That's going to be a good one.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Now who's pitching tonight?
Beckett.
Josh Beckett's pitching.
Who's pitching for the Asteroids and they bring him back some of those old
timers like the Galwita glasses.
What was that Galwita glasses?
Galwita glasses.
Kyle.
The guy.
Wasn't his name Kyle?
Oh I thought you were talking about Charles Nothrailly.
Charles Nothrailly Kyle.
Anyway what do you know about the Asteroids Mr.
you could put in a fimbola headroom for Craig Vigio's ass left over.
Is that right?
I'm talking to you now.
I'm talking to you, Josh.
George what in Astros?
Jesus.
King of Christ man.
What's up with you, dog?
Matthew Rothschild and the progressive who may or may not know about the Asteroids
says brownies him is the problem.
I sure hope this article isn't about brownie hounds because they won't get
joist.
So George Bush is back in New Orleans again.
This is from yesterday.
How hoping this third time will be the charm.
But he's at a loss to one of the mistakes in the past two weeks and no amount of
photo ops with New York firefighters now in New Orleans and no amount of
crisp salutes as he steps off helicopters of battleships can put the
lust around his lackluster performance when the chips were down and the water was high.
Nancy Pelosi is right.
Bush is dangerously out of touch.
But it's not just Bush's personality.
It's his ammo and it's his philosophy of governance.
The unnatural disaster in New Orleans is the direct consequence of a
government that lets our cities go to hell by underfunding basic repairs
to the infrastructure.
A government that doesn't care about the rising number of poor people and
it blames them for their own poverty.
Justice some elected officials and right wing pundits blend the drowning victims
for not fleeing when they had no means of doing so.
A government that believes its main purpose is to kill people abroad not to see people at home.
A government that has more cronyism and patronage than the first and second Mayor
Daily's combined.
Michael Brown was not the problem.
Brownism is.
Brownism, a system of crony capitalism characterized by greed and
competence that appears in the advanced stages of a corrupt empire.
Brownism is now revealed itself for the entire nation to see.
And all the King's horses and all the King's men can't put Bush's image back together again.
I'd even the King's right hand man.
Dick Cheney went down to comfort people of New Orleans.
Cheney is covered like a porcupine.
What a great lie.
He says, cuddly is a porcupine.
In classic mumble mode, Cheney said,
the performance in general, least in terms of the information I've received from locals,
is definitely very impressive.
I assume he wasn't talking about the local who told him to go F himself.
For the Bush administration, this has been an atrocious performance top to bottom.
But that is to be expected in the age of brownism.
I do like brownies.
No two.
Yeah, that's from the less warm brownies just fresh out of the oven.
Well, Warp head, you know what?
I like the edges with it.
Are you eating pizza now?
I can smell it.
Probably Tony is a brand over Tony.
He's so in that soft.
Yeah, thank you.
Thanks a lot Brad sausage and what?
And pepperoni goes.
Happy running.
Oh my god, Bill Tillgary started and he even traith.
670, you know, this might not be is don't take this for granted,
mister. Don't plan to make any early plans that come back tomorrow until we see what happens here
until you see the fallout.
What do you got?
I got 675.
It's still a 25 and 21 minutes.
That's a tall order for you.
Not a problem.
Yeah, 675 stinking votes.
By many a day, we had a thousand at this time.
I'm pulled questions that were much less universal than crappy TV shows of which there are 80 million.
And we'd have a lot more on there if I weren't reading these stupid stories, but nevertheless.
And the phone is working now.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-I-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
The phone is not working now.
OK, so see that.
W-Q-A-M.
No, there's that going on here.
I mean, the arrow comes up.
I just can't hear him.
No, neither can we.
The dots came back and we can't the phone is all screwed up.
The phone is all screwed up.
There you go, Tom, Jekka.
There's another reason we ought to be taking a million phone calls on this show talking about those
because they can't even keep the phone working on this stupid ad station.
So, some stories.
Oh, I got them.
I got a big pile.
Sam, I'm punching them up and the arrow comes up like this and probably somebody there.
Now, before there were no nothing flashing and there were people were there.
So, it's like just directly back afterwards of what it was before.
Let me talk about the radio station that can't keep the phones working.
That's us.
That's Q-A-M.
Oh, you know something?
What?
Well, if you look under where the...
Where the flashes are, look at that.
What about it?
And there's the arrow and there's nobody there.
It's not picking up the line.
Now, what happens if you point you down?
Same thing.
I just tried.
All right, Lord Span.
Welcome to a real Maple Leaf radio station.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q-A-M.
It's Dave!
I have a handy towel.
At 5.16 W-Q-A-M.
If you can't stand Hugo Chavez take him out.
If you can't stand Hugo Chavez take him out.
If your world men is wilder, I'm afraid we'll have to kill you.
And we're never gonna feel you take him out.
All right.
I have a good idea.
You fell well and ravished your front yard and it blew through the himmish and now.
It seemed to destroy all the schools and libraries and we're all in a blackout.
And when the hurricane blasted its rain and just started to come out,
you better run, run, run, run, run to the hurricane.
We all live in our own land, it's not safe to try and keep trying.
Don't wait, stop, get trying, don't wait, just wait.
We're lighting mess on your crash right in front of us.
We try to stay and stay, try to stay.
It's not the car of busy shooting, you've become a real faster person.
Don't wait, stop, get out of the car.
Don't run, run, run, run, run to the hurricane.
You better run, run, run, run to the hurricane.
147-30-2-Q-A-M.
So the phone is my stuff now and you think it's about what it is.
And we set everything good.
A shot.
How many QAAM?
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Nice job there, guys.
I apologize, but I got a bucket full of swell for you here.
A bucket?
That's what he said.
Love them.
Here's five of them, right?
Love American style.
Oh, awful.
Yes.
The top new art show.
Love.
Love vote.
The love vote.
This is a good list.
Get smart.
Right.
And night rider.
OK, I think we got night rider.
But that's one great one.
Thank you so much.
The love vote.
And love American style.
He gives me piles.
The love vote.
Actually, they put the love vote on the internet.
So we're going to be like a throwaway.
And all of a sudden, they became a hit.
A big fat booby hit.
That's because of Chattaro.
Quixiki.
As Robert Duval would say, a network.
A big, big fat booby hit.
Remember he said that?
Yeah, but he didn't say boobies.
No.
He said something with a T.
He said, how's it going T?
5, 6, 7, we got our 700 plus.
So Josh can relax.
Take a boy.
I tell you, they just, what do we got?
702.
See, he got to 700 and then they just stopped.
Like they're doing us a favor.
You people just don't get it to you.
You know, I'm just saying you think I'm Kenya.
705.
Careers were made or broken unless you're things than this.
Anybody believe it?
No.
No, they weren't.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
NEO.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Over the weekend, I was with my 12-year-old niece.
And whenever I said something obvious, she would say toy.
Toy.
And I, she said some more than I said to you to mean that something's very obvious or something.
So I know she doesn't listen to the show.
How do you know?
But she may, maybe I'll have to answer next time.
Toy.
Could you give us a message to Momo, Momo, Momo?
Well, pass the message along to Momo, Momo, Momo, whatever.
Oh, Captain Harris, by the way, remember that plane crash?
What about it?
If Captain Harris has any hope of beating Senator Bill Nelson says the Sun sentinel, she
may need an extreme makeover.
The Republican Congresswoman's full numbers are bad.
Her appearance continues to be a distracting issue.
And large number of voters already have a set image in their minds about her.
These are some of the reasons Republican leaders in Washington try to find something to run
against her.
So is it true that she can't beat Nelson?
Never say never, but many political experts believe the only way she could win is if voters
see her as a successful Congresswoman with something substantive to say on issues rather
than the character, or character her critics see a flirty, vacant, beauty queen wannabe who
used a role in the 2000 presidential recon to get to Capitol Hill.
And of course, all of that is absolutely correct.
It's why in a recent Quinnipiac University poll, so as if the election were held today,
she'd get few Democrats to cross lines to vote for her who is much of the independent
vote to Nelson and not have strong enough Republican support to make up the gap.
In fact, the poll showed Nelson will beat the crap out of her 57 to 33%.
How do you like that?
A glanslide.
Bring her on, baby.
Bring Catherine Harris on.
That's the kind of candidates the Republicans need to run a lot of in 2006.
Because the less American public is a lot dumber than we thought, and believe me, we think
they're pretty stupid.
Unless there are a lot dumber than I thought, there is no way that they're going to put
these gray robbing Nazis back in again in this off-year election.
So they can rubber stamp everything that Hermann Gearing the second wants to do.
Here's a fact from Tom who says, thank God, oh yes, Dr. Phil, we got Oprah in there.
How come we couldn't have Dr. Phil?
He's going to go zooming toward the top.
He's on there.
Dr. Phil makes me ill, he's on there.
He's on there.
We just put him on now.
God, he is just.
And to think that he was in the astronaut counseling people, then it would be like Gilbert
doing brain surgery amounts sign eye to say, what are we talking about?
It was talking about serious problems.
People would like their lives in total disarray.
Their lives turning to a pile of crap.
And here's Dr. Phil going over there.
And people are like, oh, Oprah did such a wonderful job.
You know, in Barack Obama, man, don't be seen with that bitch again.
Barack, we like you a lot, but fight a better girlfriend than that stinkin' Oprah.
Well, she's got some plenty of cash.
That's right.
Everybody got a cash.
Politicians don't interrupt.
Now, I don't have a lot of time here, okay?
Because of this phone thing.
We've got to get all those calls on before midnight.
Politicians like Dig O'odg used Katrina to pillage the public.
I'm going to have time to read this whole thing, which is on our website, isn't it?
Yes, owner.
By Joe McNally, the Madison Capitol Times, it seems pending a penny to complain about
gas prices at the time when every major American city's been washed off the map.
Well, when it's not every, when a major American city is been washed off the map and
haven't been in our citizens are newly homeless.
But penny resentments are what drive politics in this country.
Political careers are built on whipping up small-minded hatred towards some of the most powerless
groups among us, minorities, gays, liberal Democrats.
So it shouldn't be any surprise that a sudden surge of 50 to 75 cents of the price of a gallon
of gas could have even greater political consequences than the Bush administration's
incompetent cutting a flood control project for New Orleans.
It's pretty bad that in 2004, the president slashed by 80 percent funding requested by
the New Orleans District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to hold back the waters
alike punch and train and made further cuts this year.
But what really gets folks blood boiling, really gets them pissed off and fired up, is
three and a half dollar a gallon gasoline in the growing suspicion that local service
stations, big oil companies and a government run by and for oil executives applying us
for full.
They are raping you, man.
Gang raping is a funny.
And Catherine Blanco, by the way, to Governor of Louisiana, you know, the rather incompetent
one, she is foaming at them out, ripping FEMA, screaming and lashing out at everybody
she can.
You go, Catherine.
Maybe she'll make a comeback.
I know.
It's easy.
Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
Sixty-two-eighth.
Neon, God.
Hello, the neighbor.
Hi.
Are you doing fine?
I'm an barbecue this week, and I'm busy.
Just a tear, a wrist, a mess to you.
It's your name, the name, the fuck of blue.
It's a seedly, he's his life's only at night.
Or do you go how to make time alive?
Who can definitely keep life in wet?
It's buried underneath his endopathy.
And ground floor.
Does he think that George Bush is the company we honor, total food?
Total food.
It's the other, the bad guys, the night they can start those shooting lights.
It's shooting lights.
When you start your own car, do you feel as if you are rolling dice?
Rolling dice.
Well, it can save us from any government or with.
Watch your back, got the emergency, maybe make some noise to the terrorists.
The city is far, the dead live in my life.
The city is where it's gone, he knew back back.
There are warning signs that your yards are very high.
And we see the battle back, can't seriously burst down.
The tear, a wrist, a mess to you.
It's your name, the name, the fuck of blue.
I run right on the backyard and start screaming.
You terrorists, you...
You're fair, right?
Where's TV show all the time?
How do we get backed up against?
Because I had the story about this, the New York cop that attacked the guy.
Because he seemed to look like Al Qaeda, I'll save it for tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Where's TV show all the time?
The end of the call show, 107.
And throwing up Gadi 90.
We got a pretty good two-hoss race.
Rosie's right on her ass though, with 65.
Bye, bye, bye!
