It's time to bring in Neil.
Neil will carry you through the next four hours.
Maybe one of the...
Did I hear you say the president was a pretty good speaker?
I said it all the Democrats.
You couldn't have been talking about this president.
No, when I said it was the Republicans don't have any good public speakers.
Yeah.
They just don't.
What about John McCain?
I don't consider...
What about Rudy Julianne?
You know what?
I don't consider him as his goose.
Yeah.
I don't consider McCain to be such a Republican.
Oh.
I think that he's...
Well, he's here sucked up just at the right time.
Yeah, he did.
But you're right.
McCain is a terrific speaker.
But you know, you come...
What I was talking about...
You know what?
You'll buy him for the Democrats.
He's a pretty good speaker.
Although, this is one of these confirmation hearings.
This is just a coronation for Condoleezza.
You're just a man.
Oh, man.
You think...
You think most sucked up to Dick Stockton on Friday?
That was not...
I didn't hear that.
Oh, brother.
But you know what, Neil?
What I was saying was that if you go back, you know, to the 60s and most people can't,
Abu Garcia...
You know, the people who were around then.
Yeah, they replayed Martin Luther King's.
I had a dream speech at the End of Sports Center yesterday, the highlights of it.
And I said, what a great order.
He was...
The Kennedies...
They had a great...
They had an incident.
They had an incident...
They had an incident.
They had an incident.
They had an incident.
They had an incident.
Great orders in that day.
Right.
Today, we don't have a lot of great orders.
Kennedy?
Kennedy was that era?
No, I'm talking about Ted.
Well, Ted.
Yeah.
But he's really from that era he's getting a little longer than the tooth. Yeah, a little like wide around the like us wide around
I mean, you know, I mean Obama look at him. He's great. He's fantastic. They Republicans don't have anybody to match him. No
He I think he's gonna be a vice president next time. Yeah, who's gonna be president?
Good question. How about just your mama with Obama? Sounds good. I don't know. I have no idea
They got nobody nope. No problem. So how are things up north?
A little on the toasty side, man. It's minus 23 Celsius. The London chili side. Son of a shine. Looks really nice from the inside. Do not go outside a little cheer
Today's a little bit of a year. I feel real bad for you
It's minus 23. Hey Neil. I heard the latest rumor I heard was that you're gonna do eight hours. Yeah
You know, you're gonna do maybe even more than that maybe just go all the respect to the mad dog and everybody else as far as I'm concerned
It's Hank in the big ol' Hank in the old after that they're on their own
I just I've had enough grief and source from them. I just am I gonna worry about it
You know what I made their own bed and kind of honestly. I'm enjoying watching them as for minute
You know, I just wish they just get it done on it. You know, no kidding. I don't want to hear about it anymore
Me too. Amen. I'm with you. So a two it's
Whoever shows up. I still want to see that tug of war
I know who'd win that one between mad dog and mo I'd love to see that a tug of war
Don't want you remember the day that they were the rumor was they were both gonna show up at two o'clock
Oh, oh and see who gets the seat first
Play that game where you know when the music stops you sit down right
I love to see that
All right, I'll be listening have a good day and back to you don't lose too much now
You know what I'm not going out there honestly. You don't have to go out there
You kid me already told us you're gonna pump each a kennel club. I don't know why you go all the way up there
Because that's the only place that has Gulfstream you can bet on you can't go to Pompano and bet on Gulfstream
Oh really I didn't know that
Get there's that hundred mile or sixty mile deal with it. I would drive I would drive the extra 80 miles to get away from Gulfstream
Absolutely plus you're not old enough anyway
Yeah, I don't eat that I'm too old to use portale. So I'm gonna see you hang far right now
I just so breath
oh
I
All right
Yes
The people's are not the same, the same leaders and both men.
Even people's are not the same, the same leaders and both men.
Even people's are not the same, the same leaders and both men.
Even people's are not the same, the same leaders and both men.
Even people's are not the same, the same leaders and both men.
Even people's are not the same, the same leaders and both men.
This whole thing with ass kind of like it leads me limp, you know what I mean?
Although to be honest with if I had to pick I'd rather see Johnny Deft's ass any day than Brad Pitt.
Johnny Deft's like a real guy, you know?
I mean not like a big huge burly guy, but like he's a real man.
As a poor Brad Pitt's like a scrawny little wolf.
We already saw how scrawny he is, right?
We did.
Yeah we did.
You never saw that video?
Go and give me that crap.
Everybody in there brother has seen that.
Put it on.
On the internet.
No.
Brad Pitt's unit.
Get out of here.
All right.
Bye.
That pencil thin unit.
Anyway.
It's a 10.05 at 5.60 WQM.
It's Tuesday.
We got a lineup for you.
We got a whole bunch of lineup here.
Whether they come to a pass or not, you'll have to stay tuned.
Yeah, Hank sounds pretty happy in the morning now.
It gets bigger.
I'll go up to Palm Beach all day and plunge on the sort of tracks of his choice.
That's a hell of a life.
Sure.
Once you get used to the get up in the morning, there is some very definite.
Benefits of working mornings.
You got it.
10 o'clock in the morning you're done.
So it's really like having the whole day off once you get done.
In fact, on Friday, it's like having a 3 day weekend because you're done at 10 in the morning,
got all Friday and Saturday and Sunday.
It's great.
The only negative is that you got to get up early in the morning.
But big deal.
You can take a nap later in the afternoon, right?
Right.
I like mornings.
In fact, I think I'm going to take the morning show.
Here's the result.
Oh man.
There was be nothing more than I'd love to do.
Anything to just screw them up there.
What they've done to people is so grotesque and so unacceptable.
We haven't even begun to scratch the surface at the time of the audience.
What they've been the crap that they've been pulling these last couple of months.
In fact, it would mean going back to August.
You see, let me give you like, I'm going to get side-tracked here.
Hank got me going even though he was responsible.
I'll blame him.
You can't renegotiate with somebody or like negotiate to extend somebody's deal.
And then like leave it hanging and say, oh, well, yeah.
And like leave a sour end and expect them to come in every day as a happy camper.
It leaves a bad, like everybody has disgruttled, you know, no matter how happy they may have been before.
Obviously, people could have been unhappy if they're going to extend their deal, right?
Right?
So if they were happy enough to do that, why would you want to make them disgruttled?
And that's what these people have accomplished.
Oh, for fun.
And so now you've got Mad Dog doing two to four, but not very happy about it to say the least.
And they've pissed him off and he's disgruttled just like they did with me from August until the end of the year.
I want to go through that night mirror, Stog and Pony showed during my supposed vacation.
In fact, I'm serious. I'm demanding another week vacation.
I don't care what kind of a wimp normer tent is.
That was no vacation.
They messed with my mind day after day phone calls back and forth.
Oh, they want you to sign this and they want you to, you know, a stick it.
Joyce, just stick it.
Okay, wherever it fits, if the shoe fits, stick it.
Man, right in the old shoe.
Right, that's it.
That was no vacation.
That was like a nightmare.
It was like an exercise in insanity.
It's just like these confirmation hearings that are going on now with Condoleezard.
There's no democratic party, but as well just this band set away from everybody's money.
Because you know, they're not going to win any elections in our lifetime, I don't think.
And what's the point?
The O.A.R. is just a rubber stamp.
There's Dianne Feinstein sitting right there with the table with Condoleezard.
I think the two of them are going to do something before the day is out.
I really believe that.
And even Joe Biden, who I, you know, ordinarily have a lot of respect, he is a good speaker like I told Hank.
But he gets on and they make these long, flowery introductory speeches.
They're not asking any questions or making speeches.
And then he goes down about, well, you know, even though you've got all these horrible things ensued up
and all these people are dying and you people lied to us, I'm still going to vote for you because I know you're going to get confirmed.
So what's the point?
Why have Biden going through this dog and pony show?
It's not a confirmation hearing.
It's a coronation for this idiotic bitch, for this nasty.
Well, I say one good thing.
We had a lesbian attorney general, right?
Under Clinton.
Sure.
Now we're going to have a lesbian secretary of state.
We're making some serious progress.
I mean, people are saying, well, it's the first black woman.
Well, we had a white woman.
We had Madeline Albright, right?
Which I liked her a lot.
I don't know why I did like her.
Not because she was a Democrat.
I just thought she was like, you know, I really did.
No, she just was articulate and she was booked and she wouldn't take any crap from anybody.
Not as booked as kind of a lesa though.
They don't come.
And what is it about?
I was thinking this morning.
What is it with all these right wingers who are in a closet or at least suspect them?
What they got misplugged.
No, listen, misplugged.
You got Laura Ingraham.
You got Anne Colter.
You got kind of a lesa.
Not that I've ever been married.
And we know of course misfied them.
I mean, it's just absolutely fine.
I suspect these other people too, right?
Right?
And this business of all while she's married to her work, she's married to her.
Yeah, that's right.
She's like, she's like, she's like, who the hell are you people shmitten?
So lesbians are not only on the steering show, but they seem to be, that's where American culture is at right now.
It's probably FCC.
FCC has got all the cartoon people all nervous to get to that story.
I don't even know where to begin because this poll today, this is going to be quite a, I don't know how we're going to do this.
I guess I'm just not going to read them.
Oh come on.
You got about 4,000 different names on there.
Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday.
What person living or dead had the most memorable distinctive voice?
James Earl Jones kicked ass, baby.
I think it's appropriate on Martin Luther King Jr. day that it was James Earl Jones who wanted to see it.
Yes, yes.
490 votes.
This is CNN.
It sounds like his balls are dragging on the ground. His voice is so deep.
Doesn't it?
I think they are.
Just about scraping the older asphalt.
James Earl Jones 490.
Howard Cosell, a very impressive second.
I mean, a distant second, but pretty strong for Howard.
134.
For Howard Cosell.
Mel Blau, I never got to talk about you.
It's your fault.
I was supposed to mention to my own Chris Myers.
About Chris Myers.
About how he made the wall.
I noticed Hank just stood on by when I talked about the Moe Kiston Dick Stockton's ass.
But anyway, let's see all the sportsguys.
It's like a fraternity.
So, I guess, Hank just didn't want to come out on Dick.
Mel Blau 54, Jimmy Stewart 48, JFK 47, Gilbert Godfrey 46, Walter Crockhead 45, Scott Farrell
on the head 40.
Now, that is amazing to me.
That is just, aren't you shocked?
Only 40 for Scott Farrell.
Wait down in the middle of the pack.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Harry, Harry 37.
John Fassenda 36.
Now, it would be a great time for me to play it a little, if there's any of it down there.
I don't know.
Where it hell is it?
It's on here somewhere.
One moment, please.
For the first floor of the game.
I don't know.
Yeah, why don't I go through the whole thing?
There's more of it down there.
That was enough.
It was the voice of John Fassenda.
And I felt film's the best.
He's not Harry Callas, thank God.
Wolf Mag Jack 36.
Geldy 34.
Three week, Geldy.
I thought you'd do better than that.
I mean, there's nobody else in the world with a voice like that.
Sean Connerty God.
About 30, man.
Mike Tyson 24, Bob Dylan 24.
Jim Mendic 22.
All right.
Let's see, after that, we have a small potatoes after that.
I guess I'll do the double digits, right?
Frank Resher 21.
Gilbert 17.
Mojawi David 17.
Doe doe doe doe.
Peeby Herman 16.
Stephen Hawking 15.
Paul Harvey and the Casey Kesson and Orvisin 13.
Roy De Boy.
Jack Nicholson F.D.R.H. had 12 after that single digits.
Okay.
Beated Curtain is another, oh, I haven't even looked at the view we have today of our lovely
Carmella De Cesare this user.
And we still don't know how you pronounce it.
Who cares?
But she's on every day this week.
We had her on Friday.
And let me take a look.
That's the same picture we had yesterday.
It sure is.
Oh, fix that right now.
Don't get me started.
Now, who's responsible for that?
I know nobody wants to take the fall, but we had to promivate yesterday's stories of,
you know, our website has been doing so well.
And I don't know what the deal is lately.
But it's like, you know, if we have more than one single couple of welding people, you know,
which is definitely differently.
So what's the story on it?
Is that Josh?
Are you responsible for that?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
So it must be Eric, because there's nobody else.
It's a two-man project.
He has to put the selection up and then I select.
Now, did you put it up?
No, he puts it up and then I select it.
Now, I ask him to Josh put it up.
The Beated Curtain?
No, you keep saying you're talking about Eric here.
He has a name, okay?
He has a name.
I hear it's un-mentionable.
Eric, fat Eric, up in Orlando.
He sticks it on there, right?
He sticks it and then you, uh, and I pick it.
Lick it.
He sticks it and you lick it.
Yeah.
Right.
The picture I'm talking about.
We're picking it now.
Well, if you have to paste it, you got to lick it.
Like a stamp.
10, 13.
Thank goodness that you got the stamp on.
Let me see if that's one of the most, uh,
blessed things.
If you don't have a postage meter, the best next thing is the fact I got stamps now that, like, glue on.
You know, you know, right?
The fact that they will have to lick the stamps.
Yeah, I really love that.
And then, of course, there were some people who used to have a sponge.
If you had a lot of mail to send out to you, like a little moist sponge.
10, 14 already at 5, 60 WQ went...
In chains, just for way I like them.
Uh, Mr. Gonzalez is a true that you, as White House Council,
wrote the memo which basically, okay, is the use of non-traditional interrogation of combatants
of AKE torture to gather information.
Oh, that is not correct, Senator.
Uh, Mr. Gonzalez, would you like a minute to think about that answer?
No, Senator.
I think that's not your deal.
Okay, one more time, Mr. Gonzalez.
I never knew.
Oh, my God.
Now, before I release the dog, Mr. Gonzalez,
may I suggest if you like your family jewels in one piece?
Senator, I never knew.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
lay you ark pewng sẽ weep
I been800 FFS and should be EH1 give you 510 am
the count of 790 who answered this question
a QM after plating gildy to paint kickbacks to a
mica sucky indian team marketing director
and you can kill off
you serve one year probation with that ankle bracelet or whatever that
thing
didn't even have an ankle bracelet or I just made that up
no it was a house arresting so I think they have to wear those
oh my god if you're off
and you can kill off
now that the engines are turning on everybody else to pair of mutuals we
probably all are going to gang up on the unions
screw you guys okay
we're giving you back the old peace pipe
let's smoke your peyote
seven ninety espn radio continues it says here to
dangly one to four p.m. slot in front of wqm
host Jim Mandit
dangling it and the mad dog may reach out there and
you can kill off
rabbit you know what sometimes if they'd
dangle it in front of you too close my account from the reach out there and
grab it
whatever he does whatever's best for him that's what I want him to do I don't
give a crap about this company because no nobody should care about them they
treat us like garbage and then they say oh well what could we do to make
you happy how about treating people like human beings how about
stop playing games with people how about jerk it stops jerking everybody
around that would be a good start clearance you
cymbalton you quizzling you idiot you're a little
simple to knew but nonetheless a lot of you two
personal i don't want to like most is we don't want to deal in
personnel
oh brother 27 past 10 at five sixty wqm did
an insight about the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story they may be the only band in the history of rock and
rule to be inexplicably linked to a dumbass
proctomic day or smashing pumpkins
those bastards they got the whole concept of their band from me it makes me so mad
ah god you gotta be all wet
aren't you supposed to hand out sheets of plastic to the audience or something
sorry i get so angry
dipwad comedian galagher has been smashing fruits and vegetables on stage since
well since people were stupid enough to pay to see crap like that
so i'm doing a show and this guy billy corgan comes to see me and i'm smashing
pumpkins all freaking night i'm smashing pumpkins like there's no tomorrow
i'm smashing pumpkins up your fight is what i'm doing
i mentioned this guy galagher was a total suck bag
and billy corgan finds me afterwards and he says hey great show man
i really like what you're doing and till each later there's this band called
smashing pumpkins and i have to switch to watermelons
it was the beginning of the end inside of the hive was able to reach billy corgan
for comment about galagher's accusations he and this to say galagher what a
total suck bag the smashing pumpkins at least they didn't call themselves
the dork with a beret and the strike shirt band it's a big choosy sobbing wet
look at show business tonight on inside the behind
oh temp 32 at five sixty w two now this is a this back came in today are you
telling me the one of you just sent me the one that says any of this florist
shop at the time yes well they're a little bit behind i would say okay that's
the problem with this i mean sending us suggestions for yesterday's pool
today is a little bit uh pass-a when you say maybe even gay yeah i thought
their point was uh we didn't do uh women what's it's no no but the second part too
oh yeah yeah says you're up on the other list is top heavy with men there are
number women that have what you'll be pleased with our poll today there are no
men on a poll today the number women that have memorable voices may west
Karen Carpenter beautiful voice beautiful women too bad she didn't know how to eat
Joan Collins and Jean stable the dimension cure locona how can you skip gene
and don't forget that old bag
from all i'd show it that one i'd died on order and that's a horrible show
in addition it says i'm from boston there is a single boss donate over the age of
thirty but thirty man who could ever forget the voice of johnny most
have a text all about you know yeah johnny most was great in spite of what most
is i got news for you all i know you did the celiac set once upon a time for
about ten minutes uh you ain't no johnny most you know you're pretty good at
your play by play stuff you ain't no johnny most you can be a break uh
and anyway then it says and who could forget your eight Williams rest in peace
screaming in the night with a jerk's anti-semite will get to him
three Williams who worked at w n w s with me as matter of fact one year
a very interesting guy massive ego very uh but anyways dead
i got even with him now he he sandbagged me at w a b c one time in york
because he used to work there and then he had to go all the say to me oh yeah well i
talked to them about you but i had found out that he like to rip me an ass oh well
he doesn't play fart songs on the area it's stuff like that i talk about you
and then the best part of the list i um
called him one day at home in boston i remember for what reason
and Walter's stable was his uh agent okay and he wasn't returning jerry's calls
and uh they had reduced his show on whatever he was on archa or whatever to like
weekends they'd like because he was a hundred years old
and uh i told him uh Walter's stable it doesn't return people's calls i told him
this whole long horse story about how he screens the calls and how it's
Walter's stable his agent that's really sandbagging him and the next day jerry had a heart attack
how do you like that so you see i got even he didn't die right then then i would have felt
bad if he'd have died because of my phone call yeah anyway what about john connery's games bond he
is we had john connery on there and also what's the space on fantasy islands he'd play in
her baby little shoes wasn't he on there also i believe i don't remember hey i think it was
yeah so i think you better be your facts straight here okay because uh you don't know your ass
from my life and your grass
i'll put this over here don't put that it's not good
there was a lot better stuff i could have been for him i was good
so the raiders had mario 90 yards in 12 slaves although they were stopped
short of a touchdown they had moved smartly through every avenue of their game black
the next time they had the ball they would take the same road only this time it would lead them to
the land of six the land of six john percent of man he was so great and of course the josh
likes her e-caleous because he's a punk and he sucks up to her because you know when a philly is
in town he's up in the broadcast booth and josh gets bored sitting there with the van boring so he
goes running over to the visiting team of course there aren't all the great broadcasts you missed out
how did you know i did you ever go and talk to her e-carrier was that before your time i guess
that was before you were working out before dammit see that would have been a treat right
it would have been cool yeah yeah see if all his broadcasts would be still alive like bob prince
all really great baseball brock now everybody is cookie cutter stuff we got so many bad sports
casters they all sound the same and even joe buck who by the way don't let me forget to a
mention to hank tomorrow joe buck blew that thing in the eagles game so bad when they left the
clock run out when he completed that pass on three the three yard line and they got no time left
in the half and a clock runs out yeah that was terrible and even chris collins worth when we both
despised like poison rightfully so i said you can't do that you well they just did it you can't do
that he did it it was a pretty poorly played game but anyway joe buck is overrated and the only
reason he's overrated is because the rest of the crap is so bad so don't give me this stuff about
well dick stocked in and these other guys have been there a long time yeah so what does that mean
what does that prove they've been there a long time so it was Greg gumball on their long time
to they finally realized he wasn't ready for a not just prime time anytime i mean when you go
from the number one play by play broadcast for the network to be like the uh...
studio host what does that tell you how bad you are right can't complain about grace personnel you
don't have anybody does have a famous brother who also has no personal and no talent runs in the
family okay i'm random now now what i'm going to do with this poll today if we got 50,000 names
on there and i'm not going to it would be very very inappropriate for me to like
haha go down the entire list we've never had a poll with this main names on it so what you guys
don't have to do and ladies whoever else you have to prove the list right it's that it's a long
long long list and just scroll up and down up and down and scroll on sand and uh... and uh... let me
take a look at the newbie curtain by the way of Carmella bitches i do who's leading by the way she
got my vote i don't care whoever else we put on there i can't imagine oh yeah she just there is
no such thing you write about that as a bad picture no Carmella or bad angle no she's a pretty man
she's as perfect as a female flesh gets there's absolutely anybody don't like her man it's got to be gay
yeah wouldn't you agree oh yeah either that or maybe blind deaf and dumb or just have really crappy taste
you'd be good to let this taste taste somebody who's got the hotspour Christina Aguilera would not like
her she doesn't have that mousey look who is the hottest babe has been out of being curtain Carmella
dates his auntie who's on all this weekend was on last Friday with a phenomenal response 33
howley very seven angelina joley five carman lector four we had some really great pictures of
carman lector if i would say so myself he did and a corner holia who's married every a fag in town she's
got a four i mean she's got four votes Sophia Vergara's got three i thought she's in the fourth race at
gallstream Lindsay lowhand three Charlie star on three Victoria principal two and i'm not going
to read the other ones once we start getting uh... at least uh... you know ten votes at least i'll
just read the ones that i got a few votes and then the rest of me can peruse and choose okay and
here's a really interesting story disgusting but i don't want to read too close to lunchtime we're
gonna do it right now a man who failed to look before he swallowed and wound up choking on someone
else's tobacco spit has been arrested in the theft of attractive trailer read police ad van
tober washington i've actually seen that happen that they've seen what happened this particular story
but i've seen people uh swig other people's tobacco juice on the stake uh
you know uh...
wait till you this name
quidney how what you have what you've got careful rent to rea martinis
that's his name but no
quidney about rent to rea martinis twenty six was arrested for investigation of first
to rea theft shortly after he called nine eleven for emergency medical upcourt
away police report rent to rea martinis remain in Clark County jail with bail said it's
one of grand pending court appearance day in late twenty one
according to the report the driver of a sixty thousand dollar freight line are
containing about fifteen grand worth of merchandise left the engine idling
in a local shopping mall while he went into a sear store to wash grease off his hands
then he merged to see the truck being driven away police check the trucks on board gold
positioning system and converged on the vehicle at uh... an intersection in the
fisher's landing part of town as rent to rea martinis was calling nine eleven and telling
us Spanish language translator he was choking any to help after being arrested rent to rea martinis
told investigators he was driving when he saw a cup took a drink without looking
and only then learned to swallow the regular drivers tobacco spit
was that nice
all man
god just a thought of that
is it up to make me start
doing that
five six seven oh five sixty
com we're going to take it nice and slow today and i'm just
but what are you see that's it when it's like twenty three below zero
right and so not really all that to stay i didn't have as much heat on probably
the issue of all night so like you're right right on the edge
right on the borderline now so that's already like the eighteenth of January before you know
when the time's going to be all over right sure and by the way does know i'm not coming down there
so i'm not going to be
that's good to see you
five sixty
hey moe
as i'll mention it's gold e
you're not going to get raped again today i am out
yeah you know why why
because rapes not funny but i ain't going to be a mean man no more
if they think that's funny that's fine by me
wow you really changed your way
if i get about it i'd turn over all the big newton leaves
you have a nice day and power nice mic ugly friend
hey moe look out for that truck
and again and again and again and again
go
don't look like a shapeless pile of gold
you
does your mind respect
i'm starting to show
i wasn't even called before that mess
who's the my shoe
i don't want to say i'm glad
outside of being a messy old shmucky wasn't there
it's a mahala
oh how it's been
it's been
oh how it's been
but it's been
well
well
well
well
it's been
well
it's been
well
well
well
well
well
well
well
i don't know i don't think i'd buy the one at sound in there
it's a little bit suspect that say splatter it's not what you might write
you know
as the truck is hitting more it's like a little splatter
not that it really may work but you might get a little more than i know it's okay
it could be a fart song
oh we don't want to have that speak of that wait to hear this
this shows you how far a murk has come back in the stone age
the chilling
talk about how cold it is here
the chilling environment that exists all over merke
and i'm just in the north
or wherever to help
fcc fear is for us fox to pixelate cartoon nudity
oh my god
grow up on america come out of the dark ages don't let them do this too
fox says it covered up the naked rear end of a cartoon character recently
right
because of nervousness over what the fcc will find objectionable
how do you like that
the ass of a cartoon character that had a cover up
not even a real ass a make believe ass
believe this example of tv network self-sensorship because of fcc
concerns came a few weeks ago during a rerun of a family guy cartoon
do you know that show yes for a show great well won't be as funny as it used to be
fox electronically blurred a character is posterior even though the image was seen five years ago
when the episode originally aired while the fact it was seen five years ago forget about that
we're going back those in the glory date there things we used to say 20 years ago on here that we
can't say anymore and the fact that the public accepts that that's the part that's just so freaking out
raises an absolutely unacceptable but nevertheless the american public very submissive very passive
oh i'll be care about a safety safety safety just like those hundred thousand dead iraqis that's
what they're concerned about well they used to be they should be safety safety safety anyway
we have to be checking and second guessing ourselves now fox entertainment president gill vermin
said yesterday we have to protect our affiliates our assets fox hadn't gotten any complaints about
the cartil but the move follows the fcc's decision in october to find a hundred and sixty nine fox
station seven grand each for every an episode of married by america that showed people licking whipped
cream from strippers bodies and men as underwear being spanked by strippers it's certainly confusing
when you have to do something like that vermin said it's just that we were trying to find our way
into what's responsible now it's got a new responsibility it's got to with panic and fear at pbs
executive said this week they'll edit out a glimpse of a naked woman in the fictional account of a
terrorist dirty bomb attack that'll air next month after first being shown on hb oh hbo a glimpse of
a naked woman in a fictional account of a terrorist dirty bomb attack they have to light edit that out
because boobies are dangerous forget about those bombs we've been dropping forget about all these
suicide bombers oh by the way another one in a rack today for more dead people car bombs
i just mentioned that in past it's not even more talking about anymore or only pro days away from
those election how many people do you think that a vote on the thirty that's why they're having
on the thirty so thirty people can vote anyway here's one that says i just have searched google but
can't find any new to semi new photos of marquee post of my core fame who had tremendous breast and
legs could she be a future beaded curtain girl pios any chance for glory as step on i hope not
no right time here the answer is absolutely no i don't know who marquee post it would be no
she does have a tremendous rack but yeah no uh huh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
i'm sorry i rack oh it would turn tremendous rock solid in a return here
the love boat is as close as we ever got to those um Carmelo and H's are they she's a
he is kicking ass man she's just destroying everybody else there's nobody even close
howley berry she's got forty eight votes forty nine howley berries got eight oops yeah five six seven
oh five sixty but i bet she has pound five sixty any Verizon singular wireless lines for whatever
you know we're not building a pool because we got eight thousand names on there we'll take a
few calls here today to humor the troops let me q a m hello hey nia what's going on how you doing
pali i don't know but you know something i can't i've been listening to you for years and i think
you and i will agree what is wrong with our world why would you want to show a dirty bomb movie
in the midst of terrorism to just if the people are stupid and aren't committing we're just
continually giving them the ability to commit more what does that mean i understand what does
that mean i mean you know we know the other way in other words if we just pretend it doesn't exist
then they're going to stop doing it no no i'm not saying that i think the genocide bombing started
a long before we were showing any fictionalize the council that absolutely i agree with all of
that but you know to show what we already know what could happen and they've shown these over and
over again but how many times do do this are society need to see this over and over again you
don't have to see it in watch it or not as the case may be i mean what i don't know what what's
the point i'm missing your point well the point is that you know our society has seen it and now
it just keeps striking fear and constant fear in us i think we're well aware of it every night
do you think there's a guff is an up at some point you're aware of it when you go to bed you're
worried about a suicide bomber attacking you were your family is that what you're really worried
about i i never even crossed my mind to be honest with it well you know again it just you think
about it a little bit i mean let me ask you this question not around that it's three years plus
after nine eleven uh air traffic people are flying more than uh in a long time of thing i think
they're flying more now than they were before nine eleven from what i'm reading so i don't think
people are as scared as the government would like to keep us but that like michael morrison that's
the main thing is keep people in a panic that's what that's the i think i just think that's what
our republicans are doing is keep endorses keep us in fear right i keep funding the war and the
answer is that you know you were over there that's why that woman that's why i keep quoting that
stupid bitch in the air i'll i care about his safety safety safety that was her excuse for running
for bush but if you look at what they said this morning in the paper over and over again that
bush finally got the self-fulfilling prophecy we went in there there were no links there were no
links to outsider now we're from getting out kind of cockers there to uh to you know what we're
creating it all little homegrown terrorists yeah we knew that before the election what happened
i don't know you know what happened they catered to the center of the nine states for the individuals
who are in the midwest who didn't normally vote and the republicans got the greatest idea in the world
that's how i'd be the god squad the lord is uh god is fingering i have a great day of power to get
me depressed he's talking about you know showing these pictures of the suicide bombers and getting
us afraid and depressed now he's getting me depressed i'm not look the elections over baby we didn't
like the result we didn't like that there's still a lot of questions about Ohio and die bull and
that stuff but you know what the democrats are a bunch of whims anyway oh and speaking of that
what good timing thank you so much guess who finally opened up a mouth i give up senator john kiri and
some of his most pointed public comments yet about the presidential election in both martin lufther
king june's legacy as today's he criticized president bush and decried reports of voter dis and
franchises men this is yesterday jayne wry seventeen the election is your recall is on November the
tooth okay sounds to me like it's two and a half months later keri spoke at boston's annual martin
lufther king day breakfast he reiterated that he decided not to challenge the election results but
that thousands of people were suppressed in the effort to vote voting machines were distributed
in uneven ways and democratic districts it took people four or five eleven hours to vote
law republicans went through in ten minutes same voting machines same process our america he said
in his comments kiri also compared the democracy building efforts in arach with voting in the
u.s saying that americans had their names purged from voting list and were kept from casting ballots
well it's going to do a lot of good complaining about it now on jayne wry seventeen john in a nation
which is willing to spend several hundred million dollars in arach to bring them democracy we cannot
tolerate that too many people here in america were denied that democracy kiri said voting irregularities
no higher drove a democratic challenges yada yada yada about me that a moop it up yeah well we know all
that horses out of the barn it's eight million miles down the road and then coming back we've lost that
the trade you know the trail of the horse leaves behind the road apples oh yeah lost the trail
not even warm anymore so there you go and now he's just speaking up this is the democratic party for
you man the biggest bunch of whims a henquist talking about the other the fact this is the best
they can do to counter russian balls out franken and al franken why they put you a leverman on
their same personality same wimpy namby pamby i'm al franken and i'm captain lampurne and we're
going to kick russia's ass yeah right right pretty pretty pathetic but it's certainly even this
it looks really nice out there it's sunshine it's already minus going to want to start a good
toasty now all right let's take a look at that poor result that guy got me really depressed car
melody she's out he she's got 54 no matter how you said and just like i've been saying all since
friday there's only one way to describe her that's it the right nothing wrong with her
halibary eight she's got 54 Carmella a halibary eight Carmen liqueur is seven
angelie and jolie six in other words Carmella is so far on top of everybody else that didn't
make it right i didn't i didn't require any embellishment okay i mean it's it speaks for
itself she's on top nobody qa m hello hi how you doing good how you doing good yeah what can
i do for a sir all i'm sorry i'm sorry listen did you see in today's paper another McDonald's
CEO died two in two years what's the i mean that i'm yesterday sure it's yesterday's news i
talking about that alike i'm going to say paper this guy ate McDonald's every day since he was
15 years old and how he died at 44 he's only 44 yeah exactly but you got it how good day
okay how you doing good man who would not want to get paid to do this seriously this this is just
so sweet sweet it really is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the verizon
singular wireless lines as the condolese coronation continues condolese i'm tempted to play that song
i have to play the expert given one for a chorus because i'm sure that the corporate antennae
are like pointed way up there oh yeah i think it's going to eventually w.a.m hello
j e t s you see gay later yeah well i'm tired of that dog Brian man he can sure kick him not
the gagging and choking songs continue and i'll tell you that sure gives me hope for a Sunday night
because the stealers then they're lost to a very mediocre jet steam maybe the stealers been
playing really off their feed for the last several weeks that doesn't necessarily prove anything
Josh you were trying to tell me the same thing about the patriots closed the season you know
blowing that game with the dolphins and not playing all their best toward the ass and the
difference being that the stealer the the uh patriots are a great team that's a difference
stealers i think got hot i mean yeah they were 15 and one another 16 out of 17 and they won
what 15 to roll now i think yeah yeah still don't impress me much like Clinton would say that
on the print now what are you chartland about don't impress me much okay not the way they play down
this stretch they were about three games knew that they really uh deserve to lose well as long
as you win that's all accounts yeah that is correct that's what we say here at qa m now let's see
this fact says can you add Ellen Nordgren on the list i think she's with tiger woods i'm pretty sure
she was on a beat curtain it was not Ellen it was a new model man Kim a hiate whoever one thought was
on we corrected the name and cleared up the mystery right away says George was like internet wide
everyone thought that those pictures were tigers girlfriend but it was not it was this other
chicken we uh we saw and we right away but if we ever get pictures of Ellen Nordgren we'll let
you know we'll give you a heads up like that on that 1057 at 560 qa we got mad dog working under
protest from two to four i mean can he really do that all year long yes it's not like i said before
it's not a good situation wouldn't be the first time when you have somebody disgruntled working
the entire year in the time slot that you don't want him to be on and then you guys i've got the
guy following him we don't want to be on it all absolutely you're gonna have like uses kind
of a to fill in between two and four and now he winds up doing afternoon drive doing grotesque
but looking interviews with dig stocked it and people of that ilk nobody wants to hear dig stocked
he's got nothing to say during a game he's got nothing to say so certainly off the broadcast why would
we but you know it's all these buddies like i told you there's that sport whole fraternity and it
will never end they're all in bed together let's take that it's a big gigantic circular bed 1058
at five sixty wq and he was your new years resolution i've actually it was to lose weight
maybe you're sitting in your desk right now in your car you feel like i'm bucking your belt because
your propag is bursting undoing the top button on your skirt maybe or maybe you've already done that
well balance for life will deliver right to your door five meals per day every day all based on
the very popular and effective zone diet five meals a day and you still lose weight and the best
part about the deal is balance for life is the only meal delivery company to offer menu choices
go to balance for life dot com on the web and check it out in tell yourself with delicious
goodies like blueberry pancakes guilt-free cheesecake yellowfin tuna burger grilled fillet with
parsley potatoes they even have a chicken and veggie pizza and all your snowboards in south Florida
right now to check this out too because they can take with the meals to your specific needs too
don't think you're overrate take the simple bm i test at balance for life dot com just go to the
bottom of the page click on body mass index if your store is over twenty five your fat baby you
need balance for life right away what are you waiting for the new year is just a started pull over
the side of the road put that pen down right now get on the phone call balance for life right now
get started right away eight six six two two five forty five forty three that's eight six six two two
five four five four three run the web balance for life dot com
you know
five sixty
okay can i just lodge a formal complaint i'm getting so sick and terribly inconsistency i mean
some of these ideas you don't know when they're over with some of them i mean for a lot of right
yeah and then there's some of those rego's or this is going to be my way what would
i want it to be about like a half a second mm-hmm
it's like some kind of a game now clearance to see like uh you know playing like a little game with us
all four external
welcomed
It's 11.03 at 5.60 W.F.U.M. what we're going to do next week is a
one more thing something you the that's farting video is the best oh the the drive-by
remember we put right by that oh yeah that was outstanding to that we can't
play it on the air okay thanks say goodbye here's the fact that says hey
Neil is Carmella that's his auntie the girl they show on court TV who's on
trial for assaulting her girlfriend of Jeff Garcia yes that's what a
star originally came from after we found her right I think she is his ex-girlfriend
that's right well although Josh Cordis doesn't believe that because he's
insisting that Jeff Garcia's you know silly stuff like that oh he's definitely a
little light
I'm becoming let's think about this I've heard a guy I had her never seen him speak
okay I don't know what he sounds like I've never seen him speak up that he's
played too good he speaks well so maybe he's got a speech effect I don't know it's
as I think she's his ex-girlfriend what is such a hot girl I heard doing with
such an ugly disgusting guy that's easy like Jeff Garcia maybe she's a a
fag hang alright it says unfailable what it says also I heard yesterday one
from a little of Anna calling Hank show oh no why does he have that
jacket on well whoever's producing the show shouldn't put him on please we got
very very what everybody talks to everybody at this station well that's pretty
lame I'm gonna tell a hundred of marys they shouldn't follow in a footsteps of
certain people have worked in a morning before they talk to all these losers the
chronic's over and over again I'm sure that I don't know Hank knows who that is
you know although he probably calls called Hank when he was in the afternoon the
chronic's they called everybody anybody they will tolerate them they'll call
and use the apprivalage here's the fact that says I was shocked to hear you
describe Dr. Condoleezza Rice as a dike during your radio show this morning as
you should know marriage is not proven heterosexual or homosexual preference
many great secretary of states have chosen not to marry during their careers
including Dr. Henry Kissinger the fact that Dr. Kissinger later married a lovely
woman after having dated many other strike Aussie here's the appative part
after having dated many other striking women is proof to me he was a heteromail
well we don't have Dr. Rice has not been linked to any male now before a
week from Sookas next year any other time I wouldn't be that surprised if in
the future we don't discover that Dr. Rice has been secretly playing stinky
finger with a prominent Washington man I would think I was thinking finger
with a Washington woman but after we've honored one of America's greatest
black leaders your slanderous statements are disgusting why is he social we
should wait a couple of days as if there's some connection between the fact
that this day with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr who I'm sure is rolling over in his
grave at the coronation of Condoleezza and her ilk you've got to be kidn me
just like they were saying on crossfire that they as it's in its dying moments
that show Paul Vigalla was saying he accurately Martin Luther King Jr. would be
like a guest a guest at what's going on over there in Iraq vehemently and
just like he was opposed to the war in Vietnam but everything can be made
into a racial issue she ain't even dark enough to have like a good son tan
okay to give me just some of the dance about she's black light tan maybe you know
like a few hours in the sun in South Florida on a hot sunny day like in July
that's about it that's a mocha latte but everything can be made it it's disgusting
we want okay well give us another fact and let us know how many days after
how much separation we need to have from any kind of a holiday although let's
you know what I can think of before we can say anything about Dr. Rice the fact
of the matter is that she's right there on the TV right now the
aspirations of the Palestinians talking about her aspirations or somebody's
aspirations give me a break and this over ended 88 year old driver back to
her coupled in a Walmart parking lot yesterday afternoon putting them under her
car and ramming a Mustang and an SUV according to witnesses and a police
spokesman nice going granny an nearby shopper put the women's Toyota
Crissita in park and used a jack to raise a wheel off Josephina Pei Patron her
husband Abel Patron remained on a main trap until permanent she arrived to
her new commander David Gold to police spokesman how come he couldn't get out
of himself I guess he wasn't able right the couple visiting from Columbia
I was just disgusting talking about our Columbia friends that way everything is
disgusting okay everything is grotesque everything is unacceptable blow it out
your ass how do you like that so tired of these goody two shoes politically
correct crowd man make me sick lighten up a little bit oh there's a Chris
Dodd he's another sell-up you know he comes across like being really great
liberal and all that he's a sell-up Chris Dodd anyway the couple visiting from
Columbia and staying with relatives in Southwest Ranches were rushed to
Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood Abel Patron was in surgery yesterday
his wife was listed in a critical condition in intensive care police were
still trying to determine exactly what happened but Gold said the driver Marie
Miller pulled out of the diagonal parking spot too quickly hit the
pachones and then ran the other two vehicles across the island of
parking lot of the Walmart 184th Avenue and Pines Road one more good reason not
to go anywhere near Walmart it's unclear how fast Miller was going but a few
witnesses told investigators they heard her tire squeal Gold said hot rod
granny yeah Miller maybe she was squealing Miller of Pembert Pines has a
valid she's had a valid Florida drivers license for 11 years and had one ticket
in 1994 for a family deal right away stay record show moments after the crash
this is the best this is always what goes on with these old toads moments after
the crash Miller didn't know what was going on she thought she just did another
car said one of the first shoppers who came to help Armando Vera
Virio Nuevo 29 virio Nuevo and his wife and two children walking their
car with groceries when they saw the accident he ran to Miller's car put it in
park and pulled her out of the driver's seat after trying unsuccessfully to
pull Josephina Pechon out from under retire very in Nuevo city dug in the
trunk and found a jack by that time about does not their shoppers had joined the
rescue effort and they were able to free her I don't like that 88 year old lady
but that's Florida baby right there the moral there you know every time like
for example it would be you know we have to I don't like sluffing my passport around
so I use my driver's licenses ID and I show them on the back is the renewal
the expiration date that blue thing you know you stick on the back your license
that they send you in a mail that you get on the internet you know that right
sure yeah they send you that blue thing and just it's a stick on thing and they
can't believe what I tell them that you could be deaf dumb blind that there's no
vision test no you can be you can be like a quadriplegic center last time you
took your driver's test and in Florida here you go baby have some fun for
me six years
the university my annual basketball team takes on coach Kay and the Duke Blue Devils
tomorrow night at the convocation center
we're gonna fight bell sound
right here
from here.
When it's barely last to say a week or month,
or even a year,
grab and gin or juice.
With the bounce of the ensquire,
grab and gin or juice.
Why take even a time to not grab and gin or juice?
Tells you dates the morning.
Oh yeah, I don't know how I'm going to continue.
It's 11-17 at 5-6.
I was about to rip this factor and ask
because he's the same one as always got the obsession with Joan Blondell.
She's on the original list here,
and I was going to say,
what are you a faction about?
She's on there,
but I don't see it on the one on the website.
What ought to be?
Well, has that one been shrunk down?
There it is.
It's got three votes.
Oh, I see.
That's why I was looking below that.
So she's on there.
So like I said,
we have a salon.
Okay, she's on there already.
You old cout.
Joan Blondell.
My ass.
She's on there.
For, I remember that.
Yeah.
Very well.
A therapeutic for Sophia Vergara for,
Elmick first and for,
Alia for,
Stacy Dash 3,
Rachel 103.
Joan Blondell's got three votes.
Ten of the ass factor.
She's already got three votes.
She's on there.
Jessica Beale has got three.
Jennifer Anderson 3,
Jamie Pressley 3,
Christina Ricci 3,
Brittany Spears only 3.
Olay 3 votes for Brittany.
Oh boy.
How to mighty a fallen Barbie Benton 3
and after that,
Susha Menigale 2.
Is that how it's said?
Susha?
Tucha.
Tucha?
Oh, see, I'm not going to say that.
You said Tucha.
No, let's say it again.
And it could be a cycle in Latin America
of democratic developments followed by
authoritarian ones in it.
I don't know.
Right.
I like the ones that we stuck in there.
Like, in Chile.
Here's line 9, WQM.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Pretty good, Pally.
Hey, what's it up?
I wouldn't say I heard you saying depot is going
over to ESPN.
I don't know what it does.
He's a contest of the Southeast Asian.
And I won a couple of times and I've been
waiting since August depot.
Can I get my prize?
No, you probably get into the Indian.
And the other thing is two better for a
Greg Omega, aka toast.
Because he's a...
Well, is that who that is?
That was toast, yeah.
He's toast again, huh?
Yeah.
Thank God.
The better guy.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
We don't care about all that stuff over there.
All right.
Like I said before,
you're playing little games, man.
You're playing with yourselves over there.
Oh, we got to us do gods.
So we got to Anabas there.
And we got to Kegminer Vini.
Oh, please.
You got Joe Rose.
Period.
That's all you have as of this date.
The big puns would be the dolphin games and the mad dog.
Not in that order, by the way.
Because the dolphin games don't get that big
number like they used to.
They're unserious.
And they're all on TV anyway.
Although, next season, I wouldn't be too sure of that.
You know what?
I'm going to have a couple of blackouts in there, Jon.
Do you think so?
Probably.
After this four and twelve season.
Although it's the next saven era coming, baby.
The next saven era.
And Wayne is going to go out there and spend the mid bucks
like Hank was talking this morning.
And he's going to get this one.
He's going to get that one away to go to the cast.
Do you believe it?
No.
Patriots are a dynasty, baby.
They got the best coach.
They got the best quarterback.
They got the best student in the linebacker.
They certainly got the best kicker.
They can almost take about that.
Is there any debate about any of the things I've just said?
Yes.
Such as what?
The best linebacker you definitely don't have.
And who's that?
I hope you're very Louis.
Get out of here.
I'm talking about a guy that's on the outside.
Not on the jailbird.
You're right.
But after Sunday you've got to give Teddy bruski a big hand.
He's good.
He's damn good.
In a clutch, see.
Just like Brady, he doesn't put up the stats
like a painting made Sandy, Peyton Man.
A lot of people are comparing a Sandy Peyton Manning
to Dan Marino.
And as much as I love Danny Boyne,
he gives us a lot of years of excitement.
I think there are some similarities there if he kicks my drips.
Even though Danny wasn't as ugly as Doug looking.
He didn't have those Batman lips, you know.
And very often had that perplexed angry look on the feel like.
See, where you're running?
What kind of a pattern was that?
You know, Peyton, Dan Marino and Jim Kelly
are going to be at the bar together.
They never won anything.
You have at least Jim Kelly got another Super Bowl
eight million times.
Did they get their four times or something like that to build?
Yeah, four in a row.
But they didn't have one.
And they lost him all.
But still, at least he got there.
How many Super Bowl's did Danny play in?
One.
No, I don't think he played in any.
Always the last ten they were in.
Was it 84?
Yeah.
Because David Woodley was a quarterback.
Right.
I mean, I may be wrong about that.
They may have played one game against San Francisco.
Maybe they did.
I think they did.
But anyway, he had no Tom Brady.
I'll say that Tom Brady's got it all over either one of them.
When you win two Super Bowl's and three seasons,
and it looks like they're well on their way to the third of the parents in four years,
forget about the stats.
Okay.
Don't show me stats.
Show me what did you win.
What did you accomplish?
Right?
Right.
WQM. Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, Pally.
Good.
Hey, listen.
I didn't catch you up for the show,
but I wanted to ask you, how'd you like listening to Phil Sims in the Fager game?
I didn't pay attention to Phil Sims.
Oh, he's horrible.
And you were right, man.
I think you're paying them by the word.
Yeah.
But I know.
I was too intense with the game.
I didn't worry about him.
Oh, that's good.
Up in the alley, have a good day.
And how'd you like the way that CBS missed the Brady touchdown, by the way?
Yeah, I know.
They don't even show up to freaking game.
I get to fished off.
Yeah.
They're too busy showing a lot of other crap and doing the commercial and promos to show us the damn game.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Yeah, I'm sick of that.
I'm really sick of that.
I know it costed and they spend $1 billion for the corrects of the games.
But when the game is going on, show us the game.
I don't want to see some jackass on the sideline.
If you want to show them for like two seconds after it made a big player or a bad player, that's fine.
But don't keep focusing and focusing in the meantime.
I want to see where is the ball.
I want to see the team come to the line of scrimmage.
I don't want to see any close-up of anybody.
I don't care how good he looks, how bad he looks.
I don't need that during the game.
I want to see the game.
I know that's a revolutionary concept.
But man, both CBS and Fox, they suck on that count.
ABC2, they suck.
How many times?
How many times a season?
You miss crucial plays because the network is A, either like still in promo or commercial,
or B, more likely they're showing you a replay of something that we just already got seen.
How many times?
About 30, man.
Yeah, that's their favorite.
They're showing a replay and then we come back to live action and the play has just ended.
A big phenomenal play has just ended.
Or maybe even a touchdown and they missed it.
Like Tom Brady's rushing touchdown or any of the other day.
You see that touchdown?
They were in commercial.
Yeah, I did.
Bansards.
No wonder CBS is under the gun.
No wonder.
I'm going to tell you right now that CBSI, there's tears coming from that thing, man.
It's crying.
They're not crocodile tears either.
Real honesty, God tears because CBS had a mighty air fallen.
You guys suck.
Not bad enough that the best they can do is gymnance and feel a lot of motor mouth sims.
Brother.
See, this is what's happened.
I don't want to sound like one of those old funny deadies about how great he used to be.
And this is all part of the evolution of broadcasting.
As opposed to creating talent and great broadcasters and individuals and people with personality.
Everything that was cookie cutter, including sportscasters.
Remember that they were making such a big deal about Dave O'Brien?
I never understood what that was all about because first of all Joe Angel had 50,000 times the personality that Dave O'Brien will ever have.
Oh, what?
Well, you know what I've never met Joe Angel personally.
No, no, no, no, no, I'm not talking about, I'm not.
So when I say personality, I'm talking about on the air.
Okay.
Do you thought Dave O'Brien was like a, he sounded like all the other ones.
He sounded cookie cutter.
It's the same as all those stadiums they build at the same time.
Three rivers, a riverfront, a bush stadium, they all look the same.
Cookie cutter.
He had no distinctive personality.
Dave O'Brien.
Plus, he taught through his teeth like they got it.
It does the heat games.
What's his name?
I keep forgetting Eric Carreed.
Eric Carreed.
Yeah, he talks through his teeth.
He's good.
But why did he talk through his teeth?
Shabbin'o, Shabbin'o.
You know, Shabbin'o.
There's no such word as Shabbin, okay?
There's a word that begins with S-H and an H-Shabbin' but it sounds like that, okay?
When you say Shabbin'o.
Eric.
Dave O'Brien, my ass.
Dave really screwed over Joe Angel.
Man, it really pissed me off.
Good guy.
And then of course Dave O'Brien stuck it to them which was really poetic just this and took off for ESPN.
Well, I don't even hear about him.
I mean, I know he does games here in the area.
But he's nothing.
He's just a voice.
He does TV now.
Yeah.
But I mean, he's got no big deal.
He's got no personality.
There's nothing individual about him.
I mean, one thing to say about Nighin'o, Summer All hung on too long.
He was a drunken old and everything else.
But one thing about Summer All and Madden and those guys is that they had personality.
They were different.
They were different.
They didn't sound like all the other guys.
But I disagree with you because Dave O'Brien has a really good personality.
Maybe you don't like the way he sounds.
But I would say his personality is what makes him what he is.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
So in other words, you like him personally off the ear.
I think he came out of my ear.
I was sure when I OD once he was a very personable guy.
I liked him.
I don't dislike him personally.
But he's professionally, I think he's much to do about nothing.
He's just another voice.
There's nothing distinctive about him.
Look, I got the baseball package, the football package, the hockey package.
I hear all the broadcasters.
And the last 20 years, you name me anybody.
Who's like distinctive.
Who's like a really star, like a Harry Carey, a Bob Prince, a male Allen.
Name me somebody.
Think about it during the break.
And when we come back, my challenge to you is name me one.
Just one.
Okay?
Okay.
Think about it.
All right.
Get your thinking cap on.
Okay.
Or like that, always says, put your cap on.
20 and after 11 and 5, 60 WQMIRROR IRS tax problems that way of eating your life to pieces, man.
They take a toll on you financially, physically, emotionally.
You can never get that IRS monkey off your back.
They come back every morning, those problems when you wake up in a cold sweat, worry about what you're going to do.
CPA Genie Bookwall, then the Bookwall Tax Fund will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind,
which is why other top CPA law firms are further clients too.
The Bookwall Tax Fund, when they've got problems with the IRS,
why not avoid potential criminal prosecution?
Get all your unfiled tax returns prepared, even if you lost all your records.
Now, maybe you have an IRS lien, a wage is levied, your old payroll taxes and penalties,
or maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you owe, need time to pay.
Whatever your problem, the Bookwall Tax Fund can help you out.
They offer you a free no obligation initial consultation, affordable guaranteed fees,
and immediate relief if not sooner from harassment by the IRS.
Investible, you don't have to go to those pain and ass meetings because the Bookwall Tax Fund handles all meetings and discussions with the IRS, you don't even have to go.
Call them today with the O-10 grand, a million bucks, anything in between the IRS taxes,
because these are the people, the Bookwall Tax Fund who can help you out.
Call them in 954-575-2800.
That's 954-575-2800.
Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking down that front door.
954-575-2800.
Oh.
Yeah.
That's stupid.
That's stupid.
Oh.
Oh.
It's 26 still noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Our award-winning line of continues if two would be managed by a protest.
Mo'Hour is divided by default four and then we got Geltie.
I don't know who's the fault that is, it's 7.80k10.
A very pristine line.
We have no ball games today, no hurricane, there's no hurricane, we have nothing.
By the way, that guy that was giving me the song and the dance on the facts about the Congolese.
I had to write the news to you, but when I said that Janet Reno, I made some kind of die comment about her.
I didn't notice any protest about that, did you?
Well, it's not on the news of the first.
It's because in the fact that she's white, you see, if she's white, that is okay to say she's a dike.
How do we know Janet Reno is a dike?
Why would you make such an allegation like that?
That Janet Reno is a dike.
Good news, the Catholic Archbishop has been released today after he was kidnapped in the Northern Iraqi City of Mosul,
the Vatican for confirmed today.
No ransom was paid for the release of Basil George Casmusa, a spokesman for the Vatican in Rome said in Aroma.
There were reports that the kidnappers used his cell phone to demand a 200 grand ransom, but they turned them loose.
So there you go, old cop, but he's out.
Now what's the story, Josh? What do we got?
I mean, like him or not, I like Joe Bock.
No, not just a minute.
What?
I didn't say who do you like.
The question was, name me one broadcaster in the last 20 years.
I'm not talking about somebody's been around a long time, like Mo or somebody like that.
Who's like distinctive and got like a real, is a really great broadcaster.
I mean, Harry is one.
Harry, who?
Harry, Harry, Harry.
Harry was broadcasting before you were before I was born.
All right. What?
Harry carried the cardinal games in the 40s.
All right. But what?
He wasn't in my lifetime either?
No, I'm not saying who was around in your lifetime.
I'm saying who's come along in the last 20 years.
Oh, come on.
A lot of Arab sportscasters.
Name me one. Any sport?
John Miller.
John Miller has been broadcasting since before you were even a dream.
Well, I'm just saying, you know, I can only go with, you know, what I start here.
And I don't know when people started.
Trust me, John Miller has been broadcasting Orioles games for like coming years.
I'm third man.
Yeah. I'm waiting.
I don't know.
A newcomer?
I don't know. I might not have something.
20 years is not a newcomer.
I mean, by your standards, that's just about your whole lifetime.
But I'm just saying in your lifetime, name me somebody new.
New.
I don't know that I can.
There isn't.
They don't exist.
Okay.
I can give you a list as long as you're around.
I'm not saying all the old sportscasters that everybody tell to me.
We're great like Jack Brickhouse and Chicago.
He was an embarrassment.
He was legendary.
I have no idea why.
He must have had naked pictures.
He was horrible.
He was grotesque.
He was an idiot.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
He was so bushly that I can't even describe it.
How about Jack Brickhouse?
He then should have been Jack Outhouse.
Did we hear him?
Yes.
He was terrible.
The best Cubs announcer ever was not Harry Carey by the way, Jack Quinlan, who got killed, he got hit by a car and died.
He was sensational.
I mean, Vince Scolian, the Red Barber and Mel Allen and Harry Carey and Bob Prince and Jim Woods and the list went on and see back in the day before the network scabbled off all the NFL games like it is.
Now, each team used to have regional broadcasts.
So each team had its own announcer on TV.
Chris Shankled of the Giants, which I wasn't a big fan of his, Ken Coleman did the Browns and on radio, Gibbs Chandler was the Browns announcer, who was he was made the best football announcer ever give Chandler in Cleveland.
And Johnny Moist with the Celtics, I mean, every team had an announcer that was like a legendary Ernie Harwell of the Tigers.
What happened?
It's like everything else in broadcasting, you could say the same thing about, forget about sports, just about music, DJs, talk shows, where are they?
Where are the new superstars and they don't exist?
Because cheek channel and the handful of other companies have taken the originally out of the business and you could count on the fingers of one hand.
The number of people who come along in a business in the last 20 years and believe me, Stern didn't start in the last 20 years.
He's been around a lot longer than that.
Who are like you, who mean anything?
Much less legendary.
Got it?
Got it.
Pretty sad.
What they've done to our business man, pathetic.
How did I get off in this tangent?
Oh, it's a broadcast about Phil Simons.
560-705-60, pound 560 and a variety of things in the rest of the number.
Talking about shaving your head today.
70 QA and hello.
Comar, sir.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I need to push up my unit just a little bit.
What has caught the hoist to me and how would I spell that?
Oh, I can't say I have a spell.
I can't act cute, but I'm joyously going to say it.
I mean, it's going to take a good dump.
Okay.
Toys isn't the building I heard.
Joysticks isn't the building well, isn't that special?
Well, what does it mean if you don't mind?
It's got through town, it means it's going to take a good dump.
Oh, really?
I'm sorry.
I didn't hear you.
I'm sorry.
I'll win the question before I go.
What's in the box?
That must be the guy from light, PV.
Well, they're looking for an audience.
You know, they're looking for some contact with a human audience out there.
560-705-60, by the way, Friday is a big day, one o'clock Friday, the default book comes out.
Why?
Why isn't it lately?
Well, it's because of all the machinations and insanity going in this radio station that just don't seem to ever come down.
Oh, joysticks in the building.
Maybe she's meeting with a mad dog, you think?
That would be nice.
Wouldn't that be sweet, just like Hank said this morning, if we could ever put that thing to bed and get that over and done with,
and get this place back the way we wanted to be?
Moha or David or 2-4?
Jim Mandage, 4-7 and get it done.
Get it done, Joyce, okay?
And stop trying to show off everybody what a genius you are and how you're going to wreck WQM and all the things that we've worked for years almost to build.
We've worked like galunatics to build this thing.
And you're trying to come along with your legal expertise and show us how you can brow be your all-year hired hands, man.
And get everybody sign a bunch of crap that nobody is going to sign by the way.
I mean, nobody can sign that.
And by the way, Joyce, you're fired.
I just don't like the way your hair looks this morning.
You're fired.
Twenty-till noon at 560 WQM.
How about the Van Patrick and Detroit Alliance, huh?
They fill a bill fee of egos.
He had some of his arwaya speaking.
Who did the red...
And Fred Cucid, well, I mean Hockey knows as you wouldn't know.
Fred Cucid, Quiddabruens, Foster and Villiouette and Toronto.
No.
Go Bowen, huh?
No hockey for me.
Great, great announcers, man.
Danny Gallivan and Montreal, Dan Kelly.
Name me some great new hockey announcers.
Okay, they've just come along and come down to play for my ideas.
Yeah, I couldn't do it.
Couldn't do it, could you?
Oh, that's right.
But how old are you?
I don't know.
But I don't know.
I couldn't do this just for the hockey fans.
There may be a little tiny sliver hope.
The NHL and the players are meeting tomorrow.
Now, the Gary Beppman and Bob Goodner are not attending this meeting.
So it kind of like has little significance.
But the players just started getting to play.
We're like, oh, well, we're not getting any money.
We're getting just that little bit of money we get from the players.
Association.
And we're not there.
We're losing like 90% of our salary.
And we're starting to like starve over here.
So just maybe they'll resolve something.
They'll have like a very short season.
How many games?
Dr. D'Man.
It should be a joke.
Let's see.
Commentator awards.
Oh, look at this.
That's good.
Check out the article TV commentator awards.
The best of the worst of the NFL announcing teams by Paul Zimmerman.
Dr. Z.
Is force illustrated.
It's on CNN.com and a sports section.
He's right on point in everything that he said.
Well, I have to check that out.
Hey, resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800-Matras right
now.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well being the way you feel every day
and your productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you'd get one as soon as tonight on Super Macris from Dollar Macris if you make that call
right now to 1-800-Matras.
If your Macris is more than 10 years old, maybe it's noticeably saggy or lumpy in the
Macris too.
That's time for a new one.
Choose from a complete line of the best in the world.
I got Sili, Sierta, Simmons, King Coral, Tempuri against Sterns, and Foster Hewitt.
Now, the Macris takes Sunday orders all day long from Kettle the Stewart, rhymes with Hewitt,
and pombies to Ford Myers.
Whatever happened to that Hewitt kid?
Well, how was his name?
He was in that movie with the Berkshields, Foster.
Now, seriously, what was his name?
Well, it's the Hibbler.
I don't know.
I'll look it up.
Anyway, they were having sex on the floor Berkshield and whatever his name was, Hewitt.
Martin Hewitt.
Okay.
What was the name of that movie?
Oh, and it was love.
Very good.
How do you like that?
I saw that at the theater.
That was a good movie.
You picked the date into Iverliver when you went to Macris delivered.
They're proud of it.
I wonder when Mama was standing there on the opera, on the opera, railing there, looking
down, watching them doing this thing.
Yeah.
She was thinking, why couldn't that be mean?
So that bitch.
Oves and buts and boyking.
Fourth score and seven years ago, our father's passport on this condense on new nation,
conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created and equal.
Don't you believe it, girlfriend?
Anyway, yada yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada, yada,
yada, yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
yada,
Especially with joy in the building there were two things that somebody we know used to say all the time
Oh in fact about the only two things you're gonna say I'll take your children
Sell them to some Haitians. No, I wish you would have said that more one was the big rack and the other was the big
Okay, so just their cut the crap. I said even
Like I said when it doubt cut the crap
1157 at 560 WQM when you shop for quality footwear great selection and professional service
You are gonna love brandy shoes and pomelo beats. There is no other shoe store in South Florida like it
George was just there on Saturday and they took good care of him and if they'll take care of him
That's really something because let's face it more and more these days people just don't like George
It's a many bell thing they got the top quality names and issue business unbeatable prices
They got sales holes who make sure you get a perfect fit every time what's not to like they got rock ports floor
Shime S a S very Kimberly Nationalized are all the top brands for man and women and they're open every day of the week
Two they're open Monday through Saturday at Brandy's nine to line and every Sunday 10 to five
You find Brandy's at 1290 nor Federal Highway in Pompano beats is always worth the trip
No matter where you live and right now this week is a super time to buy rock ports at Brandy's because they're offering you
20% off on all great men's and women's rock port styles this week
So be sure to take advantage of this because everybody loves rock port shoes come out of the store
Or you can actually shop online at Brandy shoes dot com
I
To save Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town. I was a dude. Wait a minute. I am in town
It's the 12 to 1 hour good vibrations brings the music of the Beach Boys to Broadway now
There's a new music collection that brings the music of Broadway to the Beach Boys
It's bad vibrations 20 of your favorite show tunes son only is the Beach Boys hand like old man river from showboat
He keeps rolling
Yeah, he's rolling
And this classic song from Pope Le Holm
I
See
I
T
Where the wind comes we've been down the
Way
Plus bad vibrations also features the Beach Boys rendition of this tune from the music man
We've got
You
Behrm vibrations is not available the store is to order simply hang tin 95 plus shipping and heavily call
Now
202 and 560 w Show m happy to the 2 Ferman
Whatever he was in the Van Rouge in belief okay says click on the NFL huntsport pair
Then be out of your day. Hey, I'll try to do it after the show because with the short
race we got now the rest of the show day, I probably won't have time during things.
That'd be kind of interesting. I think we want to talk about that because it's too
sports intensive and a lot of our people are like George, you know.
Go for it. Although now that we got the Super Bowl coming up, you certainly will participate
in that, won't you? You'll get drunk on Super Bowl someday.
You talking to me? Yeah. I don't even know what that is.
February 6th. Sunday, February 6th. It's like three weeks from, let's see, this Sunday
is going to be the 23rd, 30th. Yeah, three weeks from yesterday. I don't think I'll
be getting drunk on a Sunday. Sorry. Well, why not? It's Sunday. I've got to work
here. I have to watch the game. You have to be involved in any way, shape, or form,
or at least, you know, or maybe smoke a big fat one. I'll do that. Even if there
isn't any game, right? Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, under Verizon and singular
wireless line. I got this great calm. I don't want to read all this long stuff.
Especially after the guy got me so depressed, it's too long. Fible versus science war
raises on in the classrooms. It's on our website. I think it's on today, isn't it,
right? It is, yes. From Tim Harper, Toronto,
Star. It's just, it's what's going on in America, man. It should be scaring people, but
they don't care. I'll put it in about, I just, I don't have time to read some of that
along. Plus, that guy that called it, was it the first call? Well, that was depressing.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Boosh, you know, you just want to keep rehashing the same old stuff,
man. What's the point? What is the point? It's like some kind of exercise, like some
kind of obligatory exercise that we have to do to punish ourselves and keep rehashing
the same stuff about Boosh did this and this one did it. It's all over with, baby. We
lost. It's done. Zined America. That's all I can tell you. Good luck to you. You'll
need it. And now we got to see more hosting in New Yorker. He wants to invade nine other
countries besides Iran. So we got a waiting list of 10 and the Pentagon says, absolutely
incorrect. This is a bunch of lies. Yeah, right. When it comes to lies, man, nobody lies
like the United States government. Well, of course, so in Q.A.M. maybe without the contender
in there, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60. And they've arrived in Singular Rival's
line. This business is trying to make a great sportscaster about a Joe Buck. You're dreaming.
That's how desperate you are. And I understand because it's say, you don't have much to deal
with there. Okay. Well, you don't. You admit that. Well, like there's not a lot of people
that just came, you know, came out lately that yeah, I can call a hall of fame. You know,
brought came out. I'm not talking about like a sportscaster. So okay. Mel Allen is dead.
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. Any of you. What's going? Yes, sir. Yeah, I just by
always suggested for the current topic, I was thinking a huge match fan of big hockey
fan. I would say Gary Thorne would probably be there. Here he Thorne had been on there for
like 75 years. Is he really? He was a metadancer in the right. My mate exposure is him and
hockey. I think as good as a radio announcer for the metad he was. He's a brilliant hockey
announcer for his piano. Really? Well, I'm brilliant. Maybe a little carried away. He's very
good. He's good. I wouldn't say he's going to be legendary, but he's good. I think he
feels good. I think if you give him some time, he might work his way up there. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. He's not a newcomer. Gary Thorne's been around a very long time. Well,
I don't know. I think he qualifies for the 20 year, 20 year. Oh, I don't know about that.
I'm sure that because 20 years is 84, 85. I think they've been doing games more than 80. But
nevertheless, the current crappies, he's as close as a grand making me feel low. They have
a list that can play some items. Can I play some? Can you play some Heiser and Mickey
now for me? I don't know. I have to run it by Joyce. Have a great day, I think. You too. I know
the one we can't play. Yeah, where is the P word? We can't really do that. Right? What we can play?
Heiser. Yeah, there you go. That's it. Well, no, we can't play the one that I'm the best one.
I'm going to gather Scott like kids. That's enough. Heiser. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park
in Brooklyn. Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me.
But sir, who's done with New York City Times Square point out. In on.
Remus. Remus. Put on the vacuum cleaner. Remus. Get that blue bird out of here.
I, sir, look who we don't admit down man had 42nd Street is incredible. I don't want
publicly. I supported that. But you took all the porn away. You're killing me. I'm going
through Gavoscow. I'm like kids. We're just scouting areas. Calm down. Listen to me, but
much don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Lee Loan's speech. 128 million dollars.
Now you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming. Are you running?
Hang on a minute. Remus. Yes. Got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake. And head off the vacuum cleaner.
Oh, God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God. You're still running James Bob movies. They're 60 years old. Why don't you just put
steamboat willing on and be done with it? Please, now I make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in stitch and now we have the new
M. Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer. What the hell does that mean? Stop
sign yield sign. You got a stretch. Wait in some of these titles past me. Please.
Remus. Remus. I know you can't hear me. Remus. You still run on the vacuum cleaner.
Get on here. Remus and take that blue bird.
All right. Hi, sir. Yes, sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you? What do you mean? I'm not done with you. What? I'm not done with the
sir. I'll put him in your job. But sir, you're terrible. I'm sorry.
They don't put remus in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Remus.
What a wonderful day. Get on here. You're nothing.
Probably to 560 W to Q and what we can't play the other one because he says
you know, in twice as matter of fact, the European Union may consider banning Nazi symbols in
its 25th member nations after Britain's Prince Harry, that's Harry of the Bentonburg family,
where a swastika are banned to a costume party. The block's top justice official today.
Franco Fratini, the EU's Justice and Home Affairs Commissioner,
Franco Fratini said he was open to discussing the issue with the January 20th of the
meeting of the EU Justice ministers. It made me worth looking into the possibility of a total ban,
a Europe-wide banish spokesman, Friso Roscombe Abing told reporters Monday.
Commissioner Fratini shares the general feeling of the of appropriate mon use of the swastika
of the Nazi symbols, a probrium. The call came after several German conservative
socialists and liberal democrats in the European Parliament urged the European ban,
following the scandal as we could refotus public's worldwide of Harry,
third in line to the British throne, wearing the Nazi outfit.
German socialists Helmut Kuhn called Harry a royal idiot for not knowing the consequences
in World the Board to history linked to the Nazi swastika.
Germany already banned such symbols. Very should this reply, oh that's our family,
that's our family flag thing.
If no families have like symbols and things?
Oh, crusts and though.
Yeah, that's the family crest is the swastika of the House of Windsor, the Battenberg family.
Quattivores.
The British liberal democrat Chris Davies questioned the demand of swastika.
I understand how the burden of history weighs upon my German colleagues' view. He said,
however, banning symbols cannot ban evil and risks claimed in the hands of those
who would seek to subvert the very liberties with most champion.
Roscombe Abing said Fratini would urge EU ministers to use the swastika incident
to push for agreement on EU-wide rules to combat racism, fascism, and anti-Semitism.
What does that mean? We're getting rid of Sylvia Brascoli and George W. Bush,
Burlesconi, what I call him.
A proposal was introduced a year ago but discussion failed to make headway.
Roscombe Abing said officials would take care not to violate freedom of expression
and devising such a ban.
Fratini's decision to look into an EU while my ban could further embarrass Queen Elizabeth the
tooth who's to lead British commemoration of the Holocaust and London later this month.
I hope that they boycott the Queen.
I hope they demonstrate out there all waving around a bunch of Nazi flags in her face
with a British flag like side by each.
Right. When that be great, oh yeah.
He said miserable crusty old bitch of thing or two.
Attorney General John Ascroft is to announce the first US criminal charges in a probe of UN's
oil-for-food programming in Iraq, CNN has learned.
Anybody care about that? No.
Only one thing we know about, a wonderful about Ascroft,
one hell's he getting out and one Jose Humane is coming in.
He's going to torture Russ, I guarantee you that believe me, that Humane is guy.
Oh yeah.
Going to torture all of us.
Camilla Di Chizaditchi's Audi, 121 votes and Halley Berry's only got 21.
This is so a warp-side, man, it's unbelievable.
How many votes we got total here?
We got, uh, what a long, long, less, 444, we're two thirds of the way home and Camilla Di Chizad
has got almost 30% of the whole of total.
530, man.
And deservedly so, 56670560, pound 560 and a Verizon and a Singular Rottles line.
Look at that phone, man. These people are weak.
WQA, I'm Hello.
This is so annual, I-
Okay.
In all this censorship, but I've been able to say my pen is big?
No.
That's it. That takes you over our calls for the day.
Let's put the phone away. That's what they got.
Hey, notice the tremendous response to my challenge here and you wonder why they couldn't
come up with any names? Because there aren't any.
I don't know.
Because there aren't any.
I mean, Gary Thorn is a good broadcaster, but the idea that he's been around forever,
he's been around more than 20 years.
My point being that the-
I'm not going to go through it again.
I made my point.
Did I- nobody cares anyway?
Because most of the people are so damn parochial anyhow.
Well, what about, uh, what about, uh, Joseph Gackie?
Hey, very good.
Line 9, WQA, and Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's pronounced, uh, the Caesar.
That girl's name is pronounced.
The Caesar?
Well, I did say that among my, uh, tried some of the other ones.
But I like-
We have an entanglement, it will be Decizare.
Okay.
That's what that means for a-
of Caesar.
Father will be Caesar, sir.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
He wasn't too impressed with my entanglement.
Well, that's the name of the town.
I like it when Decizare.
It looks better.
Ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da, right?
So it's more exotic.
But it moved to that like that.
I like that.
It's more schmalsy that way.
Decizare, I'm gonna keep saying,
I've got this just to say-
Now who cares how you pronounce it, right?
That's Dieter, by the-
here.
By the short hairs?
I don't see any.
They've been here brushed out.
But anyway,
how do you pronounce that?
Arrrr.
Okay.
12-13 at 5-60 WQA-M.
The main man, Anthony Kelliando says,
an acceptance capital mortgage
had signed for New Year's resolutions
Like most Americans pay off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments,
pulling out cash investing and real estate, these are some of these things anyway, probably
near the top of your list.
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the U.S., so I keep so much equity
in your house or pay high interest rates.
The main man's new year's resolution is to get back to the community so this year, they
partnered with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000
abuse and neglected children each year, acceptance capitalist donating the portion of all commissions
on every closed loan to this great cause.
With six kids of his own, the main man knows how important being a period is.
So forget about calling anybody else called the main man, Anthony Kelliendo, at AAA48483
loan or you can check them on the web, the mainman.com to lock your application right online.
One AAA48483 L-O-A-N.
For listening to Neil Roger, an exclusive tour on 5668 at U-A-N.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this
is a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this
is a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
a very important thing.
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
The main man knows how important being a period is to get back to the community so this is
the championship games this weekend in the Super Bowl.
Who is the best quarterback still having to play off?
Ben Rothlisberger of the Steelers, Donor and McNabb at Eagles, Michael Vick of Atlanta or Tom Brady of New England.
Who do you think won that poll, Josh?
Let's go with Tom Brady.
Oh, good choice out of over 10,000 votes.
Seven percent for Ben, 19 percent for Donovan, I guess I probably rushed a vote for him.
Fourteen percent for Michael Vick and 60 percent for Tom Brady.
How do you like that?
He's doing it.
60 percent.
They're finally catching on, see.
They're finally giving credit where credit is due.
Okay, let's get off of this sports talk stuff.
Okay, sports talk is terminal and ponderous.
Plus, you people don't know when he sports casters.
Come here QA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
I just want to make a comment if you don't mind.
About the lady that ran over the two people there,
then broke fine.
Yes, maybe what her old woman right?
Yeah, what's it going to take?
I mean, it happens so much, especially this time of year,
you know, when a lot of snowboards are here.
I mean, what is the state going to do about people with, you know,
that old driving?
Can you want an honest answer?
They're going to do absolutely nothing.
Yeah, I mean, what can the people do?
What can we as drivers that are off the hood?
I mean, not even drivers.
There's just people in a team who are sent through the parking lot.
Right.
That's right.
I get this guy to pedestrian.
Stay home a lot, man.
Stay home a lot.
Yeah, I get it.
Just put it on the list with one other reason to have the hell out of here.
You got it.
Amen.
Anyway, Neil, I'm a huge steeler fan, but they're going to have a hard time again.
Really?
I really think so, even at home, you know.
Yeah.
But anyway, good luck to a stocker.
Good luck to everybody.
That's all I got.
Except the Steelers.
OK, thanks.
5.670560, 0.560, and a Verizon singular wireless lens.
We didn't even put your buddy on here, Dave Van Boren, on the list.
I thought we were making a list, but is he going to be legendary?
Well, he's been around a long time.
Is he going to be legendary?
Oh, that's right.
He's been around a long time, so he wouldn't qualify anyway.
That's off the hook for all time's sake.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
OK, good call.
WQA, I'm hello.
Now, what's this type of with the phone?
I give up.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Let me get this radio turned off.
Please.
Good God.
Damn, thanks.
We're most of work.
OK.
We have Joyce in the building, and he's spewing out the GD thing.
Cut the crap, pal.
You OK?
5.670560, 0.560.
And I think these calls are coming from inside the building.
Remember when a stranger calls, which Charles learned?
Right.
Maybe that was Joyce.
The call is coming from inside the building.
There was Joyce doing a voice.
And believe me, that wouldn't be my first choice.
Rumor is she looks like Dr. Ruth.
Yeah, on a bad day.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi.
Hi, you.
Yes.
How you doing?
I just want to let you know this is a light woman from Hollywood.
OK.
That is to you every day.
And smoke one.
I want to say hello to George.
Hi, George.
You know it.
OK.
I love you guys.
OK, see ya.
Bye.
WQA, I'm hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
How about Chris Burman?
He don't call Gems or he's a sportscaster.
Actually, he does call games.
They've had him on their doing some play by play,
which is a bad mistake.
No, no.
Now, I'm talking about a play by play guy.
I like Chris Burman.
He's very funny and he's very creative and he's original.
He's unique, but he's not what we're looking for.
Man, look.
Are you right?
He's good.
Manage?
Manage also doesn't do play by play.
He's a color guy, the best.
OK, Gene Decker.
Yeah, Gene Decker, off.
Yeah, Gene Decker, off's pretty new.
He's been only doing what?
For about 40 years now?
Uh, he's doing the bucks games.
Since he's been doing the bucks games since the inception,
what year did the bucks start playing the NFL?
One was John McKayer mine about 100 years ago.
About 86?
86?
I don't know.
Put that out in here.
Look at that.
Do a Google line at Josh's.
Tampa Bay bucks.
See what year they started a franchise.
And nearly a lucky guy alive early.
I might hear you show you when on Fox,
a bay or wheel of fortune, man.
You break my heart.
Losing my ass, man.
Don't worry about it.
Have a great day.
You too.
Look, like I said yesterday,
gamblers don't talk about the losing.
Anybody that's a gambler that tells you that they win is a liar.
I don't care who it is.
Anybody who tells you.
I don't care if it's Andy Byer rhymes with liar.
They're full of crap.
Because the one thing I've learned over the years,
especially if the track is, oh, everybody I had this.
I had the super right.
You know, something great.
I'm real happy for you.
You are losing your ass.
OK?
Here comes the money and there goes your money.
Take only that cash when you gamble that you can afford
that discretionary cash that you can lose it.
You can burn it whatever.
Have a good time.
And if you leave it behind, which you probably will say,
oh, that was a good couple of hours or whatever.
And that's it.
I would never, ever want to come on here and miss a lady,
but I'm thinking I'm making money at Woodbond or gambling.
And anything.
Because it's a liar's bull crap.
But every now and then you get lucky and then those are the ones
you want to talk about, right?
Who wants to hear about, oh, gee, I lost four, great.
Who wants to hear that?
Right?
Nobody wants to hear other people lining about how much they lost.
It's like the people inside there.
Oh, gee, I'm looking.
There was a moment.
This was a Christmas time.
OK?
This was about a week before Christmas, all through the house.
And this lady comes along.
I don't want to get into a racial thing, but nevertheless,
she comes along.
And I'd seen her a couple of times.
It's kind of like a fraternity out there.
Everybody gets to know all the regulars.
And she says, oh, my gosh, I left the house.
I had $3,000.
I went out to buy the All the Kids Christmas gifts today.
And I came here instead.
Now, do I need to even tell you the rest of the story?
Go ahead.
I need closure.
No, you know the rest of the story.
I guess the kids probably had a steal of Christmas gifts
or something because there was no cash
to buy them any Christmas gifts.
She left the house with three grand
to buy the kids all their Christmas gifts
for the whole family, right?
Right.
But instead, she made a pit stop at the casino at Woodbuy.
Well, to make a long story short,
but I'm paying the money's all gone.
Look, what do I want to hear about that for?
I mean, what are Schmuck, what an idiot.
What are you doing here?
W.A.M., hello?
Q.A.M.?
I'm here for the kids.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's going on?
Pretty good.
Hey, yeah, you're that archbishop, man.
You don't think they had a direct backline
to those assertive tolls.
You better tighten up.
Or else, you know, we're going to drop it with a Boba Grande.
I think the Pope crossed it.
We're going to molest all your children if you don't cut the crap.
They let them go right away.
I'll be okay, pal.
Yeah.
567.0560, 05.0660.
The poll I don't refer to it too much today
is we've got eight million names on here
because it's not even a contest.
Scott, now in the...
Yeah, we know.
Who is the hottest babe who's been on a beta curtain
on the O'Rodgers.com and our final website?
And so far, we got Stu Gotz, 489 votes,
form the E9.
Carmella Vesizer, Ditches Ari.
Don't you like that better than...
I do.
Ditches Ari.
But it's a mishmalsy about that Italian O'Man.
Carmella's got 134.
Halle Berry, 21.
Angelina Jolie's got 21.
Anna Cornelhoew, 19.
Carmen Lector, 16.
Elissa Milano, 15.
Cherleys, they're all in 14.
She's only got 14.
She's pretty hot.
Y'all damn hot.
Well, she's only got 14 votes.
Elma Fierciens got 10 and after that,
single digits all along.
You're a single meal, Roger.
Scott, you're a...
Foggy's!
QAM.
WQA of his crowds who announced
Howard David is dead.
Hey, thank you, Howard.
Forget about it.
That's a great way after days of intensive shock therapy.
Management's emerged with a brand new lineup
for the vacationing Howard David.
Starting tomorrow.
Wake up with the Joe Mark and Zunjules.
Rady knows the way it was intended to be
with periodic sports updates by Guilty.
That's the Joe Mark and Zunjules.
Now, on 560 WQA M.
Stop learning your sports intensive station 560 WQM.
We're those sports intensive and they too much so I think.
By the way, I said John Wooden.
I meant John McKay of course.
And I said John Wooden.
I don't know.
We're talking about the bucks.
1976, by the way, the bucks you and the NFL.
Josh, he's gone.
I don't know.
He got up and left.
I think it was disgusted by all your comments.
What's he really?
I probably got hurt because I talked bad about his
buddy, Dave Van Boring, his sidekick on the Amarong games.
Hey Dave, Van Boring is a compliment.
It's not me.
What to tell Joyce what you're doing.
Oh, anyway, the semifinals Jean Decker off.
It was very, very good by the way.
I don't know.
Legendary, it was certainly at the FSU and in on the West Coast.
It became one of only four announcers ever inducted
into the Florida Sports Hall of Fame and calling FSU
football since 1979, FSU basketball since 1974.
How many years does that 31, it sounds like to me.
Bucks in 1979, all sorts of other things.
He's good.
Jean Decker off.
I like him a lot.
It's been ever less.
He's been around a long time.
Bucks been around since 1976, by the way.
I just got through a scene that way.
You were all taking a dump or what were you doing?
Well, I walked in and in the end of it.
On the end of your dump?
What's my dump?
Wow.
We want to hear Jeff Garcia.
Oh, okay.
Here we go.
Somebody needs it.
I feel much sports today.
Too much sports.
I'm not a good judge.
You got a screen, Westlight Clot.
Two J, U Drives, Half-Back Screen Right, Oh my god.
What was it?
Get out of here, that was Harvey Firestein.
That was Jeff Garcia?
That's what the club says.
I got a screen, got a screen, Westlight Clot.
Two J, U Drives, Half-Back Screen Right, Oh my god.
Good evening.
Wow.
I'm telling you.
Is this guy that's supposed to be doing the carmanly?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, Fang here. She must be a little...
She's still fewer than...
Yeah, maybe she's a die.
See, George? Oh, right! Yeah!
That's your ultimate fantasy.
Anyway, maybe she's a die because of the Fang here.
You better speakin', you know.
No, man. That's a double-lar.
Or maybe she's just like spreadin' around.
Maybe she's just a beard, you know?
No, we don't better.
We never know from those pictures.
56670560, pound 560, that was just...
I can't even get over that.
If that wasn't either Richard Simmons or Harvey Firestein,
I have no many flamers in my time.
Even freaky Carlos seems to which compared to that.
W-W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I am, you know.
Yes, sir.
You got more of Albert up there.
What do you used to do to Rangers in the next?
Marv Albert's been doin' games for about 35 years now.
I know, but he was great in the 70s when the mix and the Rangers were good.
No, he's still very good. He's great, but I'm...
He's not a newcomer that just came along in the last few years.
And what's his son's name and what it does to the NFL?
All their Albert's office.
I did. I did. I did as Steve Albert.
No, that's his brother.
Al Albert?
No, that's his other...
I think those two are his brothers. He's got a son.
It does the NFL who's horrible.
I don't know. Her Malbert.
Who is he? Her Malbert.
Okay, Malbert.
Her Malbert.
He's got some big brasses when I hear...
No, come on. You know what his name is?
He's talking about the fourth of the 12th of the 42-year-old.
He's terrible.
It's like any Martez.
And he sounds like any Martez.
The newer reason he's got the job is because he's a Marv Albert son.
Boy, he's bad.
I'd love to hear you know, Mal, I just one time would like to hear any of our people criticize.
You know, like Sam Rosen, for example.
I like Sam. He's a good guy.
He's a new to Rangers on New Year's.
But he's got that New York Jewish sound.
You know, kind of like Mode has the same...
Don't have that same New York effectation.
Which does mean Mose of Bad Sportscaster, which he's not, but he's just got that real heavy New Yorker Jewish sound.
And Sam would Sam Rosen.
I like Sam on a hockey, although John Davidson never lets him say anything.
But I'm football.
He is just not good.
Not good.
They just got too many games in two few announcers. That's their problem.
I mean, NFL.
And of course too many illiterate x-jocks.
Too many people like Randy Cross, who make me very cross when I hear anything out of his mouth.
Or people like Chris Collinsworth.
Or of course the anxious Phil Sims.
People like that.
Here's the fact it's from Vernon.
I heard they let the priest go because every time they got nearer,
he kept taking his robot.
That's so weak, Vernon.
It's so weak.
It's weak.
Say hi to your boyfriend by the way, Vernon.
WDQAM, hello.
Any Albert.
Kenny Albert.
And have you like him?
No, I think I don't like him at all.
Don't you agree he sounds like he's at him off the full of mush?
You could say march to or something else.
Yeah, or something else, right?
Don't forget Joyce is in the building man. Watch it.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
Kenny Albert, that's the guy. He is horrible.
Not just bad. He's terrible.
I mean, there's some guys that are just, you know, they're not too great, but they're not terrible.
But like Don Cricky, he's okay. He's been around his Indian years and he's long in the tooth.
But I can handle him doing again.
You know, Don Cricky.
Who's also done some of those, like, ET shows.
I forget which one he was on.
He was on one of those inside the edition.
And one of those 80,000 entertainment shows.
In fact, that's where that obnoxious pedal Brian came from.
He used to be a sports nerd guy, pedal Brian.
You know, the idiot with the mustache that's on, what's that show he's on?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Is that the one?
Oh, there. Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
els.
elsie.
elsie.
elsie.
elsie.
elsie.
I don't know. And Joey Zazza was there.
The Guinea Foundation.
And it was all dancing. The music was going.
And all of a sudden the door opens and Joey Zazza
and his henchmen, they go, but he's
all of a sudden they stop and kind of go,
come on. Yeah, that keeps saying,
I pretend we're not like a peanut or a pants.
Because Joey Zazza is here.
Or whoever wish ever one of them,
who in the buzz it was.
5670560, pound 56.
Don't remember that?
Yeah, remember.
The Fnucci Foundation.
Fnucci.
Don Fnucci.
Oh, now it's Don Fnucci.
The Fnucci Foundation.
WDQM Line 9. Hello.
Hope you enjoyed it. WDQM. Hello.
Can I be a broadcaster?
WK probably on this station. QAM. Hello.
I think I wanted to most recognizable voices
in South Florida. Tom Carvelle.
Tom Carvelle.
Yeah. Did you Carvelle ice cream commercial?
Yeah, what is he up to?
What were we talking about?
It's from your poll the other day.
Oh, from the other day.
Tom Carvelle. Oh, yeah.
Oh, he can also say Colonel Sanders.
He had a distinctive voice.
He also sounded like he had a mouthful of extra crispy, extra
crispy.
But Jeff Garcia was eating extra crispy.
The Colonel.
Over to my channel.
I'm for some things in spices.
Colonel, I also sounded like a mouthful of tendin.
Or something.
5670560.
Now let's see if they get that deal straight now with Managedya.
If that's what they're working on, which we can only pray and hope.
Are we going to get like some kind of a special announcement?
Then we're going to do like a little flip flop, huh?
We should play a new sounder and everything.
We're going to have to grab a little waffle, a little flip flop.
WAPER WAPER WAPER WAPER
Yeah.
What a hundred you'll get down out of the DCS.
What is that?
Do I have that?
New sounder.
I would say.
Get out of here.
We have various news sounders.
I don't have no.
Huh.
I don't have none of them.
Damn it.
Oh, that first one I'm going to use.
That was the old, uh, play that first one again.
You thought the tension broke the brain.
Come on, Tom.
I think that was the old ABC new sounder from way, way way back then.
In fact, yeah, in fact, that was the Howard Corsell thing.
Speaking of sports, how would Corsell?
Yeah, that was a, from his initial.
Okay, that's enough.
I wish we all didn't had the old WBZ news thing.
That was great.
But Gary Lothier, whatever's that one.
See, 11th and the past one radio was great.
Now, of course, we're just hanging on by a thread because radio has been
deep bald.
It's been just destroyed by a handful of companies.
All they want to do is just make it into a money machine and a hell of a few
people out there.
No entertainment, no creative talent.
Just this garbage, which is why the situation has developed.
I talked about today, what is sports cascus?
No difference.
How many markets could you go into today and find a JP McCarthy, a Carl D'Souz, a,
um, every market had one.
Herb Oscar Anderson.
Well, we got him.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Hello again.
What, which bit is that?
No, no.
You know the one I'm talking about.
I just pray to be the other day.
Yeah, we're doing a herb Oscar Anderson.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
WQ a.
I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, that lady that ran over to two shoppers.
One, uh, weren't French Canadians?
The shopping.
The American Indian.
Oh, well, in that case, I don't feel too bad.
I know.
I bet it's something.
No, they were Latino, man, not French Canadian.
They're frogs, man.
I think they're going to give her the key to city and imported all of them.
You're looking at Hispanic names, man.
They weren't frogs.
They were, I have to look at the name again.
Okay.
Yeah, but if she did run over a couple of French people, in fact, what
did that happen?
I said yesterday, because yesterday was double point day for French
Canadian.
Get your fix with Neil Rogers.
He stays from Civittu.
I'm 5 60 WQ.
Yeah, my any court loaded ale.
I don't you go back to Canada, you do.
Basta.
The year.
I'm coming.
I ain't going to work.
No more.
No.
I better know.
Of all the premises, fair and damn, that's so far.
I've got time to get money away.
You know the Christian, or print or you could take your God in
service.
I ain't worse than this in no more.
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God, believer of these
years.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures, written
by queers.
Get your keys to ease the powerful God in it on the one end of
my team way.
Except it's not 11 when he must have been gone on a bus.
And all the day take your God and show it.
I ain't going to work in no more.
Neil God.
The year.
All right.
If you're with us, because everybody else is wrong.
I'm getting tired of watching people die.
And the name of an invisible heart.
Absolutely.
But take your God and show the Neil God.
I ain't worse than this in no more.
If you're not and just I ain't worse than I am.
Democrats have bought Senator Barbara Boxer California's
Rippin Condoleezan asked on July 30th, 2000.
You're all girl.
You were asked by PBS NewsHour squad, if you continue to stand
by the claims you made about Sedans nuclear program and
the days and months leading up to the war.
In what appears to be an effort to downplay the nuclear
weapons scare tactics you used before the war, your answer was
and I quote it was a case that said he was trying to
reconstitute.
He's trying to acquire nuclear weapons.
Nobody ever said that it was going to be the next year.
So that's what you said to the American people on television.
Nobody ever said it was going to be the next year.
Well, that wasn't true because nine months before you said
this the American people what had George Bush said,
President Bush at his speech at the Cincinnati Museum Center.
If the Iraqi regime is able to reduce by or steal an
amount of highly enriched uranium a little larger than a single
softball, it could have a nuclear weapon in less than a year.
So the president tells the people there could be a weapon.
Nine months later, you said no one ever said he could have a
weapon in a year.
When in fact, the president said it and here's the real
kicker on October 10th, oh four on Fox News Sunday with Chris
Wallace three months ago, you were asked about CIA director's
tenants remarked the pride of the war.
He had quote made it clear to the White House that he thought
the nuclear weapons program was much weaker than the program
to develop other WNDs.
Your response was this the intelligence assessment was that he
was reconstituting his nuclear programs that left them
checked he would have a nuclear weapon by the end of the year.
So here you are contradicting first contradicting the president
and then contradicting yourself.
So it's hard to even ask you a question about this.
You're on the rest of the way basically saying taking two
sides of an issue and this does not serve the American people.
If it served your purpose to downplay the threat of nuclear
weapons, you said no one said he's going to have it in a year.
But then later when you thought perhaps you run more solid
ground with the American people because at the time the war
was probably popular or more popular, you say we thought he was
going to have a weapon within a year.
And this is the question is this is a pattern here.
You're bad.
She's the best barber boxer.
Unlike her her soulmate, dear Diane Feinstein, who was sitting
there at the table holding condolences hand in squeezing it.
And her hand too.
How do you like that?
I like it a lot.
If we only had like 75 barber boxers near condolences,
wouldn't be getting confirmed.
We would be ratifying any more of this fascist bull crap.
Any more of these so called invasions.
Well, I mean, what kind of crap is this man?
People are dying every day.
But we're going to have these elections.
What the hell did democratic elections have to do with the
new record of first place?
I think America's got collective Alzheimer's.
First it was, oh, he was an imminent threat in the mushroom
cloud.
He was going to have the bombs and all these weapons of mass
destruction.
And then it was all while he's in bed with Al-Qaeda and Osama
Yamana.
And now all of a sudden out of nowhere coming to back door.
Oh, well, we got a spread democracy and have
Fred freedom, democratic elections based on what?
Where did that come from?
Where did that come from?
Joyce, you know, let her answer it.
Oh, good old barber.
I was so glad that we're not just getting a total white
wash.
Just a total suck up job like Joe Biden and Biden.
The fine stand.
Some of these others have done including Kerry.
Kerry is scary.
You know what?
No, what do they wanted him in there?
Which Carl Rowe admitted after the whole thing was over.
We wanted John Kerry.
We didn't want somebody would pause it and a big big mouth that
would like tell us the truth like how we're deemed man.
Or maybe we can have Jeff Garcia.
He's a screamer.
Maybe he could run.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 even run, but you can't hide Jeff.
Tom 5 60 on a Verizon and sing it a rightless lines.
Don't ever play that drop in again.
Green got a screen.
West light.
One.
You guys have to scream right on one.
Faming.
That sounds like a bit from queerist folk or something.
I don't even know who this guy is.
No, he's a quarterback.
He puts his hand on the guys ass.
And then grabs the ball.
Do they smell it afterwards?
The ball.
Dominic Q.A.
I'm hello.
Nice talking to you Q.A.
I'm hello.
I'm Neil.
How are you?
OK.
And listen.
I didn't call talk about the pole.
I'm getting ready to leave South Florida.
Thank goodness after.
Congratulations to sir.
Thank you after 34 years.
I wanted to thank you.
I've been listening to you and George and listening to the
Bokeh.
Bokeh.
Bokeh.
Brian Bitt for the last 15 and I wanted to thank you so much for
entering energizing my day every day during the week and get
in me through the work week.
And it's been a pleasure.
And when I come down and visit, I'll be sure and listen to you
some more.
But thank you for the memories and the good.
Listen online.
Where are you going?
Where are you going?
Yeah, I'm going over to St. Pete, but it's going to be hard to
get in to access and I know what I'm working.
But at times I will, Neil, but I wanted to thank you from the
bottom of my heart and George too for the hard work you guys
done for me and for everybody else.
Thank you.
Good luck, pal.
Thank you.
Great.
All right.
All right.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Can I be your part of the work for the top end?
W.A.M.
Hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
Just wanted to say hi.
OK, bye.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How about Johnny most?
What about Johnny most?
Does he a newcomer?
Johnny most is dead.
Yeah, well, you were talking about the state of worship.
Johnny most and Larry Glick and.
Yeah, yeah.
We never even got to fast to stuff yesterday.
No, I didn't.
I was a good.
I talked about that.
That's yesterday's news, stop going back to yesterday's poll.
We already did that.
Done that.
Been there.
Been there, done that.
Jesus.
What is with these people, man?
That's a soft fortimentality.
They would put that effort in the valley.
All the older Boston people.
Johnny most and Larry Glick, we went through all of that stuff, man.
Johnny most was great.
Larry Glick was great.
Carl Dessous was a week.
Dave Maynard was great, but that's in the past now.
You're living in the past.
Get with it.
Get with it.
Get with it.
a superstar is Dave O'Brien and Joe Buck and Tim Hardaway.
Oh man, how could I forget?
Hardaway left one.
Left side, I'm Marley three point.
He hit it!
Oh!
He hit it!
Oh!
He hit it!
Oh!
I don't mean that was a three.
I mean that was from the moon, from the moon, from his restaurant.
About three blocks from here.
Now I'm not going to say Dave Halverstam is a great basketball announcer.
He was very good and he got screwed over badly like most of the good guys like Joe Angel did.
Now who does the games on the radio now in IOD?
Do we know?
I don't know.
I don't know.
You know I'm not asking Josh, I'm not asking you.
You don't know?
Well he certainly couldn't be too legendary if we don't even know what his name is.
Frank says a thought for today, a scary thought.
After the Annoyment W.S. Congresswoman declared himself president for live.
We all say.
Hello sir, that's what they got in mind man, make no mistake about it.
They fight.
They can fight a way to call off another election they would do it.
Just to put on, put the, if I may be able to do that on an auguration day.
Even said I have an usual inaugural though, this put a crown, a thorny crown on his head.
Somebody QA and hello?
Yeah, I like to get on here.
I don't know.
I like to get on here.
This is the Bob Oden guy, yes sir.
This is the what?
Go ahead.
Yeah, hello.
Yes.
Neil?
Speaking.
Yeah, listen I want to thank you for bringing up the subject of what's happening with the television
broadcasting on football games.
Right.
They are crashing it.
Right.
I'm coming less and less of a fan.
I sit there with a newspaper.
You have the first guy to mention this.
None of the sports people have mentioned it.
Nobody.
No, because there's a sports fraternity where they all kiss each other's ass and they're
afraid to criticize each other.
But the fact is that most of these guys do an NFL on Fox and CBS right now are garbage.
Yeah, I don't tell you.
Who are the worst dice for this, believe it or not, is what's his name and on Monday and I
put forth.
What's his name is?
What, now Michael's your guy?
Yeah, Michael's in the, and I just do a white care.
John Madden.
Yeah, Madden, right.
Exactly.
They just avalanche, adderan, you go back to the game and the same team doesn't even have
the ball anymore.
Yeah, well, I used to like both of them, but the fact is they both talk too much and Madden
is too much with the, he's become a caricature of himself and it's completely, completely.
I can't, I can't die of the game.
That's not played on the field, right?
Yeah, really.
I'd like to see the other people out there start calling it on this and get something going.
What is that mean?
We're going to get all these people fired at it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I crank up the population here, especially down here.
Yeah.
Good luck, you pal.
Good luck.
Have a great day.
Yeah, wake up this out for me, his man.
Even the thing with Dave Van Boring is terminals.
He is.
I mean, how often have we ever had a call about that?
It's a disgrace.
It's a disgrace to had a guy, Joe Angel, who was associated with the team from the beginning
of the franchise, who was liked by most people.
And yeah, he did some corny things, put it in the wind column and, yeah, he had some, but at least he was distinctive.
He was, he was, when you heard the voice, you know, it was Joe Angel.
You know, he was the voice of the Marlins.
And they bring this guy in from Montreal, who used to do the games on the Internet because the expose had so few lessons,
they couldn't get a, over the year affiliate, he used to do the games on the Internet.
He's coma-inducing, so he's got a bad way in a hot wife.
What does that have to do with anything?
And nobody wants to talk about it.
It's like, oh, oh, you know, like, like, Joyce might be monitoring.
We have to be afraid we have to say anything bad about Dave Able.
He's terrible.
He's awful.
Man.
Everybody is so, just like Witz-Zegaki, okay?
And again, not person, I like Joe, but his performance is humiliating.
I mean, why is everybody so afraid if somebody thinks, why can't we say it for crying out loud, huh?
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
Exactly.
Just screaming and shrieking in the hysteria, just horrible.
Here's a Jackie's sucks, okay?
56670560, pound five, but what do I really think? I think he blows.
And pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
W.A.M. Hello.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
All of a sudden we went on the basis of WMD's not all but Pfe verer being snowballing to thinking that it's for, you know
Immoren. No, democracy, we're spreading democracy, now freedom's on the margin. Well
If Laura should wreck the way because I kind of had that same
House that we wanted to war because
to be noticed right after we went to war
their vision was, I believe immediate adopted Att Jackie freedom
Yeah, and so the theory of going to war you don't have to build based on WM need on the weapon to match the structure
Was total force because I know because the media goose steps along man their co-conspirators
That's why they did well whatever the cliche is gonna be at the banner
Now Karl Rowe calls up to all the media and they put it right on the bottom of the screen watching wash it all day
Yeah, it's a joke man. I mean good luck to us pali and I'll see you at the border
Thank God for Barbara Boxerman. She really sizzled her an ass. It was great. You go girl
It was emotionally how you go Barbara, okay? Where is the rest of the Democrats with some balls?
You know of any no not a one
Pathetic they're going to like us and breaking for lunch that he
Breaking up a session and we'll continue in 90 minutes as he just announced that angry exchange there at the end between senator
Barbara Boxer and condoliser rice good Barbara kicker ass, baby
You're looking to run it
Incidentally
Oh
Boy it's the one to two-hour
All right
We
With me that's fine
Enough to make you nearly drown
Check it out I got my out
Help it get around
Of
Once
I was
United
Now
really starts raining hard. Bring your hammer and some number. We'll build a grip. This
looks like a notch now. So, from the water, for now no problem guys. So, from the water.
102.560 WQAM got mad dog at 2-week believe although they may be earning out those
problems today. I think we get any bulletins on that. Anybody come running to say, oh, we got mad dog
signed to deal, huh? No. Oh, you sure? Positive? Are you behind that little flip flop?
But that line up today would be good. I mean, flip flop is down the, just a little
number. Right. Put Mo on 2-4 and mad dog 4-7. D-4 by the way is going to 7-90, 7-10
at night and then about a year will be doing overnight. So, generally in the business, you start
out like doing overnight and then maybe nights and then you work your way to the daytime
and then maybe, you know, like in the way prime time spot, but his career seems to be going
in the wrong direction ever since them engines got him in trouble. 5670560, 0560 on a Verizon
singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Yeah, how's it going? Pretty good, pal. The heat
guy is Mike English and he's pathetic. They should bring Dave Habers dad back and Mike
understand about the food man real bad. And you know what I really, you really sucks
is one of the end of this Tony Sarah Jackass on. I mean, he is pure. We're going to open
Mike on this guy there in the NFL games. Oh, yeah. Tony Sivakusa. Oh, my God. I mean,
he can't even get the players names like he called him a war. Tony is called warwick.
Warwick. Yeah, Dion Warwick done. Yeah, unbelievable. Anyway, I heard about her too, by the way,
Dion Warwick's done ever since that Tony's second network went off. He's done. Yeah, she's
done. Anyway, it's a beautiful day down here, but the people are still Jackass. Okay,
thanks for the good news, pal. Yeah, Sony in 19 below right now, minus 19 Celsius. It is
for reason. And you know what? Who cares? I got the heat on. Sony out there. I'll run
over to the market, get some groceries, come back in and just batten down the hatches.
You know what's what's not to like? Stay with me. I scream. No. I don't know about that.
You're right. I better do that. Maybe I maybe just give a couple of like ice cream bars,
roll roll, not bars, but like a cone. Those roll, oh, cones. Yeah, like roll. Like nutty
buddies. That is nutty buddies. That's for like beginners, man. It's like child play.
That's craft nutty buddy. That's just like say nutty buddy. Yeah, I know.
Feelin' a little nutty. Actually, they call it now they come drumsticks, you know?
They're different brands and different things. They're drumstick. Oh, brother, forget about
that crap. I like to kind of, it's got the chocolate and the tip of the cone there. Whatever
those are at the bottom, like a big chunk of chocolate. That's the roll. Okay. There
are. Yeah, that was the one at the bottom at the tip. Yeah. Yeah, at the very bottom.
Oh, yeah. Well, actually the cone and the roll cone, the cone is made out of chocolate.
There is no cone. Oh, okay. You see what I'm saying? Do you ever have one of those?
I don't think so, maybe that's good. The ice cream on the top and the cone is all solid
chocolate. This is disgusting. You see, at first you start off, stay away from me, ice
cream and then you know it to a clock. I'm going to rush you over there and get a bunch
of that crap. I might too. WQA, I'm hello. Hi, I just thought Greg Reed and Prince Harry
making out. Oh, well, then surprise me. Birds of a feather. Hang in there.
Who is wearing the swastika? Yeah. Who is wearing the swastika and who is wearing the
dress? WQA, I'm the Kills. Prince Harry, where is the Kills? QA, I'm hello. Hey, you know,
when we're talking about bad commentators, how about this with shared guy and girls that
interviews with the boxes with a bad hair flow? You should not want to watch any box of
matches. Who? Be sure to, like, give the box to match it. Get a new phone and call me back
when I can understand your phone. What a bad, what was he, I'm the water. He was called
from a fish bowl, I think. Seriously, could you understand what he was saying? I heard
about the bad boxes here. I don't know, Don King, I don't know. WQA, I'm hello. Neil, I wonder
if that McDonald's key here that died. I'm still loving it. Bada, bada, bada. WQA, I'm
hello. Neil. He deserved a break today. Yes, sir. Neil, you're a Mike on the phone,
brother. WQA, I'm hello. WQA, I'm hello. Hey, Sally. Yes, sir.
Jamie, preferably, I mean, what is with these people? I'm going to put my vote on for
her about 65 times on the thing. And also, this Jeff Ford, Jeff DeForest, don't
want to send an email with Jeff DeForest, don't go like this. Oh, no. That was bad.
That was bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Maybe he's got a, since the end of the
problem with the seminals, maybe not going over the micr suckies. Or I think that's who it
was, wasn't it? I think it was. Wasn't it the micr suckies? I don't know. He's always
got all these different scams going on the side. Bada, QA, I'm hello. Hey, Neil. Yes,
sir. What's worse about these NFL comps? Here's the ones where the egos get in the way
where they have the Iron Man award, like, Torpedo Sims has. He has an Iron Man award. Yeah,
he every year he has the Iron Man award. Like John Madden has the all man. Madden's been doing
that for a long time, man. Oh, for him. I mean, he talk about a legend in his own mind.
He just, everybody out of the NFL just despises him. And how does, how does he get to call
all the Patriots? He's like every time he turned on a Patriots game, he's calling the
game. Because they know I'm watching, they do it just to piss me off. That's all I got,
Neil. Good luck to his belly. All right. Dave Dobby, make people stay home, run, come
on, throw up the dial. You're not trying to do anything different. You do what you do,
what's got you there? We haven't got you made us what you're doing. We were wearing this
snake. It's hard to pick the ball down. Can you say for baby? We were a team that we
were going to look down a few before we looked on the fence. Text down, opening to prove
themselves once and for all Baltimore was eager to face the defending champs. I grew up
with the Raiders. Emilia, I was playing my friends. I still live in Oakland. It was the
first time that we have played them since I was a gaming chester. Let's see what game
is this? This is a 77. The actually was the Los Angeles Raiders that year. LA Raiders
in the Baltimore Colts. Probably ought to hear the whole thing when you think it would
be a good idea. If that were Jeff Garcia, 5.670560, 0.560. Get out of here. Let's look
at the last two teams he played for. Any play from the 49ers before he played for the
Browns? Yes. Those are the two worst teams in the league. Probably just a coincidence.
WQA Am hello. Yes, sir. Regarding the commentary. Yes. The best commentator by far is going
to be Boomer. Chris Perman. He's got to be the best right now at least. But they don't
have played by play. We're talking about play by play. Oh, okay. I'm not playing. What's
the big deal with the Boomer? He doesn't do anything for me. He's a lot better than everybody
else. Everybody's horrible. Chris Perman. If you want to talk about studio guys or
those guys, Chris Perman's great. Yes. Chris Colts was going to be the worst one out there.
Just obnoxious, man. I like to put a shovel right down there. You threw my. Okay. I hope
he elopes with Phil. In fact, Jeff Garcia Phil, Simon and Chris Collins were. What a three
that would be, huh? Just all the three of me. Lope to a desert island and get lost there.
WQA Am hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Now here at full of the worst is Marlboro. And
that last call I was talking about the boxing. He was talking about Larry Merchant from
HBO. Yeah. He's got. Okay. Very good. The answer to the good news. 5607. O560. Larry
Merchant. Hello. Q. I. M. Hello. Q. I. M. Hola. Neil. Yes, sir. All right. WQA Am hello.
Yeah. I need to get rid of Greg Gumball. I do the chump. Greg Gumball. He's been relegated
another day. His studio now. He's starting to move toward the door, which is good. Now
that's approved. That's approved my point to him. And Greg Gumball. He was there. Lee
Guy. He was the number one guy on CBS until they finally wised up in the swaths. Wopt
him out with Jim Nance. Now what does that tell you about? It makes my point. They don't
have anybody any good. No, they don't. I'll get one. I need to. How come I put that guy
on hold? Well, it wasn't that good of a call. Yeah. How come I can't get rid of it now?
There it is. 5607. O560. Pound 560. And a brand made for would have been one from
a little of Anna to put them on hold for Mo. Hey, check your email during the break.
Why? I forwarded a long little video clip. The same person that sent the Jeff Garcia clip
with that. It's about Jeff Garcia and Carmelo. The whole family. But I don't have time to
do it during the break. Don't you understand? Look at that log, man. Oh, that's right.
It's spot free radio. Q.A.M. Hello. With a bad hum on it. A bad hum job on a phone.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Yeah. Good. I speak to you. Speaking.
Yeah. How are you? Okay. How are you? Okay. How about the guys on those to play by
play for the soccer game? Whatever the guy goes for. What we're talking about today? Get
out of here with his crap, man. Some of you people the same neurotic repetition on race
counter. Go. What is it? I don't want to hear it. There's nothing new over time.
I'm race counter, man. He's good. That's good point. We were talking before about all sports.
The guy's right. But we've been concentrating on the NFL. Why? There are no good NFL
announcers. Well, of course, of course, without exception. And it's your ain't
stuck enough. Hey, that man. That guy is so bland and so boring and so carless. He's
like tapioca putting man. And don't give me this because I know what to be
sponsor. The stock in his higher respect. And he's been doing CBS for his
idea. Well, so big deal. So what's his name? Kenny Albert. They're with a
machine. His mouth. They just don't have anybody. They bring out all these
all hacks that have been hanging around and hanging around. Jesus.
12 minutes after that. I mentioned the fact what what which game did Brett
Mausberg do the bowl game where they totally missed the play they missed the
whether I told you that. Did I when the ball hit the ground about stuff in the
receiver's hands? I forget which bowl game that was and they just they missed it.
And then it played went right on and they officials blew it and they're like
talking about by talking crap. See, there's too much talking crap and not paying
attention to the game. That's what bugs me. You know what I'm saying? What do you
think? Here's somebody talk crap tune in this show. That's what we do every day.
We talk crap for four hours. We don't get paid to a broadcast some event.
You know, like some sporting event. We get paid to talk crap.
Cuckah. Right. That's it. That's our specialty man. Hey, we solve yourself to a
better night's sleep in 2005 by calling 1-800 mattress right now. Nothing's got a
bigger impact on your daily health while being in productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you can guarantee yourself one tonight and for years to come if you call
title mattress right now at 1-800 mattress, they'll be not going to chew door
in no time at all. If your mattress is more than 10 years old or it's getting
saggy or lumpy in the mattress too, then it's time for a brand new one. Choose from
a complete line of silly and certain Simmons King Coole, temperate
experience and bananas foster. Do I do like bananas foster a lot?
Now mattress takes same day orders all day long from kettle store palm
beats to Ford Myers and like I've been telling you for years and years, you
still take the day into our delivery window. You watch our mattress delivered
and they're mighty proud of their delivery record on time deliveries 99.7%
of the time. Now on actress even one may 2004 better business bureau local
torch award for excellence and believe you me use them once and you realize
why it's like it's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. So forget about
wasting your time, gas and effort in your bedding and department stores and all
that cash to make the one easy call and that's all you have to do. 1-800
mattress or log onto their website mattress.com. Dial a mattress 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You will listen to Neil Roger.
The Miami dolphins are going to the Super Bowl.
Oh right. The Miami dolphins Super Bowl have time, shall.
If you think watching men and tights is exciting, wait till you see them in tights and puffs.
They might not be going to play football. Okay, George.
The Miami dolphins Super Bowl have time, shall.
Featuring in J. Feudley, who will expose his breath.
So she feel the energy.
In the Orlando, Mari, high-kid dance.
The Miami dolphins dazzle you with all their sparklings out beach climbers.
You'll miss. The funniest football team since the movie Gus with the Miami dolphins Super Bowl have time, shall.
They play like men and they look like women.
I'm just thinking if it's an offense could make a deal and get joked or I see it for quarterback.
I guarantee they'd pack them in next season.
Oh, one seven, one 18 at five, 16 W. Kim, let's see who's winning our pool.
Is there any doubt man? The lovely Carmella.
She is unbeatable, unmatchable.
Carmella, the Caesar, the chicken, the second even said right anymore.
The Caesar's outing.
Carmella, the Caesar, 177, Halley, very 26.
I mean, that's landslide.
Angelina Jolie, 25, Carmella, 24, Antiquon, a holy 21, a list of Milano 19,
Charlize, the wrong 17, Elmick, 1st and 14, Sophie, a Vigara 11,
Barbie Benton's God 10, everybody else in single digits, including Janie Presley,
that the guy was foaming at the mouth about only six.
Only six, Pally, you better get to work on it.
566, what?
I don't know, he'd like to.
566, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the Verizon, Singular Wireless Line.
W. Kim, hello.
W. Kim, hello.
W. Kim, 25.
Hello.
Yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, you are a genius man.
Let me tell you something.
I'm American, he's more you.
You know, good voice besides yours would be, I would say Marty Renneman from the
Supreme Court, right?
But he's been there for 85 years.
Yeah, he's been there, I guess about 35 years now.
Sure, that's the kind of guy I'm talking about.
He's legendary, that there just aren't been in his son Tom Renneman, he's pretty mediocre.
We did the covers for a little bit, and now he's doing some other crap, he's a week.
He's covered like Joe Buck, Joe Buck blows.
Now, let's see, what is all the big deal?
Why are all these people so impressed with Joe Buck?
Is because everybody else is so bad?
I think so, I think it's just beautiful, you know.
That must be it.
Absolutely, listen to him, you're the greatest.
Okay, thanks a lot, Neil.
Joe Buck is very mediocre at play, he's just a voice.
He has no distinguishing calls or just nothing, he's just a, you know, a butt butt by his,
he's like a 60-cycle tone.
There's nothing special there, there's nothing distinctive that you can give me about him.
Like his father, Jack Buck, forgetting about anything else, just a gruff voice.
You know, like that, he was great.
Just a distinctive gruff voice, when you heard the voice you knew immediately, it was Jack Buck.
You heard Joe Buck's voice, it could be Joe Buck, it could be Dave, Dave, what's his name, O'Brien?
It could be like any one of these, when you've got the baseball package, man,
and you flip from one channel to another, then you realize that it's all is lost.
There is a guy who does the Cleveland Indian games, his name is John.
Oh, man, I wish I could think of his name.
This guy makes Dave Van Boring sound like a Mexican jumping bean and heat.
That's how coma inducing the guy is, there's the Indian.
John Sims, Sims, whatever his name is.
He is brutal, brutal.
And he's doing Major League Baseball.
Ralph Kinery, how many years after he did this, I had the stroke, was he still on the meds game?
The little little little little horse, well, I can't even speak at all.
He had a bad debilitating stroke and he still put them on it like a sympathy vote in the a number one market in the country.
How do you like that?
Does anybody has any idea what I'm talking about?
No, good. That's where I like it.
WQA, hello.
Dale.
Yes sir.
Michael Fong.
WQA, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi, I was just wondering, is there anywhere to get like your noises like I'm like a sound maker or something like that?
No, no, no, no.
No, no.
No chance.
Here's one for you though.
Another one.
And we got a whole bunch of others we can't play anymore, especially with Joyce in the building.
How many QA and hello?
My own coat.
WQA and hello.
My rank cope is old news.
QA and hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I got to tell you the all time worst guy doing sports is Dan Bured or I don't know if anybody mentioned it,
but I swear to you, I want to learn from talking about receivers and tight-ends going to the hot tub after the game.
Oh, yeah, I'm honest, check that Carmella, I saw on your website, I knew I, I, I yowder or Google whatever,
she never was, people.
Not some.
Oh, you certainly prayed that she's everywhere, man.
No, guys, I look into that.
560.
560.
Oh, yeah, 560.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, I'm going to be able to do it.
OK.
Listen, I got two guys.
I think they're absolutely terminal.
It's very merchant and cheap and landplay.
Oh, Jim Lampley.
Oh, he's still a big fan when they were in ABC, right?
Oh, my God.
A gain and a gain and a gain.
Yeah, a gain and a gain is right.
And the one guy I like, but I don't think it qualifies that hard.
I would like about a gain of 15 yards
when Cory Dylan's carrying the ball.
Yes.
It's Tom Zarkin, but I wouldn't really qualify
because he's tracking out.
I love him.
OK, see you.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, how about Brent Double Cheese Burger?
Brent Mousberger?
Yeah.
How about him?
Now, why are people just calling it with names now?
I don't know what they do.
They don't fill the pool.
Maybe they don't know what the pool is.
When I do in a pool, we're doing a pool
about hot babes from our website is what the pool is.
They don't know that.
Just call in and give us a name.
OK, somebody connected with sports.
A broadcaster, water boy, towel boy.
Somebody who might be.
BAMING.
Let's see.
Here's Obsidian, who says, Carmella has a very pretty face.
If you're a boob guy like George, and yes, George,
someone can get past boobs and know
that the best parts lay southward.
I guess he's great.
We're from the, oh, get out of here.
Obsidian, with your obsidious comments.
OK, go back to India, where have you been?
What a, oh my god.
And that's what was in Charlize the Roman.
Look at my, well, well, fine.
Probably, if I had to knock Carmella,
she is impeccable, man.
She is spotless.
She's just a pretty mean because he's confused.
I like boobs, period.
What differences have they come in from a head
to toe, man?
She's pristine.
But right away this guy got a,
bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam,
he always start bad, Malvin, Carmella.
Even I take that big as good, but shape is much more important.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and a variety
of things in singular world as well.
How about Alice Carous?
What does his boot look like?
There's a nail.
He had big boobs.
Yeah, believe me.
Wait about 250 pounds.
WDQAM, hello.
What's up, new egg?
I got a good poll question for you, man.
Yeah.
Who's the best clutch quarterback in the playoff?
Not for all time.
Yeah, talk to him on the sports show's about that.
Got a good poll question for me.
Bearing, well, what is this thing into a sports show day?
How did this start?
Who's responsible for this?
I think Josh is responsible.
Let's blame him.
No.
No, seriously, how do we get into this?
Your Phil Sims talk.
No, no, no, no, I had nothing to do with before Phil Sims.
Oh, thanks.
Well, something about you grieving about how great your buck was.
And no damn well, that's what started it.
Yeah, that's what it was.
You said he's almost as good as Dave Ann Boring,
but not quite.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Jim Wampley's wife has robs to cross for hands.
Yeah, we already know about that.
Because old news, okay, he's got a lobster quad here.
They're flipper feet.
They're flipper feet.
And I knew that that's in very poor taste.
Oh, it's true.
What is her name, by the way?
I forgot.
Bree.
Bree Wamp.
I didn't ask you about cheese.
I said, what's your name?
Yeah, Bree Wamp.
I don't know.
I still do it in spite of her flipper.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, why don't you like myself with a chick current?
Chick current was great, but he's another one of those legendary guys.
Yeah, anything else, Robin?
No, I said buddy.
Thanks.
Oh, yeah, let's go on to about 330.
What do you say?
No.
Just out of spite.
How much does man dog wouldn't mind the way things are going?
Although you never know, they might be, I'm going to have to listen a little bit.
They may be ironing out the wrinkles after I come back from over there at the market,
buying 40 or 50 of those roll, roll things, roll, roll cones.
You had to start, man.
I was doing just fine.
I had it was far from my mind, you know?
And you had to start with an ice cream crack.
They'll do it.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
How about Chris Schinkle?
What about him?
What about him?
Chris Crinkle.
Could not Chris Schinkle.
Chris Schinkle.
I know Chris Schinkle.
He did the giant schemes.
Everybody mentioned that before.
What about him?
And some more, I'm just, you know, a distinctive kind of voice in Kirk Gaudi.
I'm going to read that.
I know Kirk Gaudi's overrated.
I never was a big Kirk Gaudi fan.
Chris Schinkle, one of the great lines, Chris Schinkle, the giants were playing the
Redskins 1956.
And Chris Schinkle, of course, the game is back in the day and everything was still
live.
And one of the giant, I know whether it was Frank Gifford, one of the running backs made
a great move.
And he said, Chris Schinkle, like breathlessly, says at the end of the play, he faced
him out of his jockstrap.
And then, of course, back in that day, 56, you couldn't say, John, then he said, he
faced him out of his shoes.
As if by saying shoes, we would forget the fact he just said, jockstrap.
You know what I mean?
Didn't work, Chris.
Remember it.
And by the way, that's when they shipped him off to do bowling, Chris Schinkle.
What are we going to happen to my good friend, Gary Sibel, I wonder if he's still doing
the bowling on TV?
Good guy, Gary Sibel.
Well, he sure got a lot of action.
27 after 1 at 560 W.C.M. did you earn less than 50 grand last year?
If the answer is yes, it's time for a career change.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train Tool 3 at 1, 866, Fast Train.
Fast Train can have you trained already for your new high-paying career in as little as
four short months if you can count that high.
Fast Train offers high-demand high-pay career training.
If you like computers, if you ever thought about becoming a computer network professional,
call Fast Train Tool 3, 1, 866, Fast Train.
When you call, be sure and tell them that Todd Direct told you to call.
They will pee in their pants laughing.
The demand for computer professionals right now is at an all-time high.
And Fast Train can have you trained already for that new career in no time.
Like I think I just said in just four months, Fast Train's got locations all over town.
You'll find out your location in Campbell.
They're in Miami.
Pembroke finds it for Lauderdale.
And Fast Train offers job placement and financial aid for people who qualify as well.
Don't forget, this is the way for you to get out of your dead end job in Star Makin's
own serious cash.
Get you some training in a real job that goes along afterward.
They evening weekend classes are forming a Fast Train right now.
So call them Tool 3, 1, 866, Fast Train.
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
Fast Train
WWE
gamer
Miami
court Lauderdale
Inside the former년 Silvia Jillian comes a new man's colon that changes their face
of sensuality.
It is a fragrance.
So alluring, it will make you sick.
With desire.
Splash.
Splash.
Don't lie on your face and hydrogen hydrogen freezes raw and simplyiew the worst.
This is a matter of pleasure when Alaber claimed there is other lacking of a
Boys, boys, the new code for the Ukrainian government.
Try some for yourself, and you never look the same again.
Boys, I'll pay a little bit of assassination target stores.
131.29 till 2QM. I guess we got the mad dog at 2.
Oh right.
By default, because, you know, we still working it out.
Not a good deal, man. Not a good situation.
Have people who are disgruntled who are at odds with the company
who are like, you know, being courted by the opposition.
Not a good deal to be leaving the hang like that, you know what?
When in doubt, don't hang it out.
And then we got most speaking of not a good deal, 4-7, which is not what they wanted, you know.
The only 7-10 tonight would be-
All of these things.
Oh, God.
I would anyway, I should want any kids to neglect.
That's our line up today. We got it right down the run of sheet.
President Bush is drawing heat over a $40 million sclerge on inaugural balls.
Concerts him candlelighted in as well.
The country is in a somber mood because of the war in Iraq and the Asian tsunami.
As book prepares for his second term inauguration Thursday,
his supporters plan to celebrate with fireworks and three days of parties,
including a black tie and boots ball and nine other balls.
Critics say the live celebrations are unscengely when US troops face daily violence in Iraq,
and Americans have been urged to donate money to alleviate the suffering in Asia,
where they de-separate 26 tsunami killed 163,000 people so far.
I just think that the sobriety of the time dictates that we'd be mindful of the imagery of these things,
that Democratic representative Anthony Wiener of New York.
I wonder if he's kind of like John Wiener, two gods.
How many?
Thank you.
In a letter, Wiener urged Bush to ask donors a lot of Wieners off.
In a letter, Wiener asked Bush to ask donors to redirect their inaugural contributions
to equipment for troops in Iraq, some of whom have complained of having to scrounge for scrap metal
to protect their vehicles.
President suggests that inaugural festivity should be muted.
If not canceled in wartime, Wiener wrote to Bush saying that the money could be paper 690 humbies
and a $290 bonus for each soldier serving in Iraq.
Wiener cited the example of President Roosevelt who celebrated his trim down 1945 in inaugural
with cold chicken salad and pound cake.
Bush said he rejected such criticism.
It's important that we celebrate a peaceful transfer of power.
You can be equally concerned about our troops and the racquetes with suffered at the tsunami,
with celebrating democracy, Bush said in a pilot craft release to CBS on Monday.
A great writer.
We have to have his coronation, baby.
Not an inauguration, a coronation for the king and the queen, gay.
Yeah.
Jeff Garcia, all of those.
567-0560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Writers' lines.
Our poll today, the worst sportscaster of all time, where did that come from?
To get so side-tracked, see, we got the other poll that's got all the names on.
This is what frustrates them now.
The other, the hot babe poll has got 8 million names on it.
We don't need any more names, because even if they gave it, we're not going to put them on it anyway.
And that's it.
So now they have to start their own with the name giving.
Because that's the limit of most of these people's capacity when they make a call.
Am I right?
Yeah, well.
A name or two names for a list.
And that's it.
That's another reason why software is such a stress pool.
WQA Am, hello.
I haven't been listening all day, but I had a couple questions.
Yes.
First, that Homer Simpson saying, what is he saying?
What is that?
Homer Simpson saying, 40.
You know that little drop you guys play.
Oh, I know what he's talking about.
What does that one say?
Flaming.
No, you're talking about, oh, yeah.
Flaming.
Okay, okay.
Flaming.
Flaming.
Like Jeff Garcia, flaming mind.
And obviously, Mohawar David's on that poll, right?
I'm a poll for what?
The worst sportscaster.
We're not taking a poll for worst sportscaster.
You don't know how David is the worst.
Yeah, we didn't think we were, but I guess we are.
Like I said, we'll put them down.
Thanks, Proud.
Yeah, Mohawar David, worst.
Yeah, we're taking a poll for the worst, more than we were.
There's no idea where this poll came from.
It's just like a period like a...
Yeah, look at that.
There's a poll.
Grab it.
Yeah, pull it out of your pocket.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello, it's a pocket pool.
Q.A.M.
No.
Yes, sir.
If I hear George W.
Talk about freedom, democracy, I swear I'm just going to drive off the frickin' brick.
Yeah, well, you better get ready, man.
But you know, it just drives me nuts.
Never we...
Oh, please, you're over.
I think he's having marks.
We over threw the cab ad for one day, and he was freely elected by his own, he's by the people.
And George W.
You said, well, it doesn't matter what the people in Columbia or Venezuela...
That's why we have our right or whatever, and he got a lot of plaque for that.
So what's this crap about freedom and democracy?
It just makes me sick.
Well, the American public made me sick because they buy, they believe it.
We in the media continue with...
How come the media just step in right away say, hey, well, wait a minute, where did this come from?
Barbara Boxer just got through giving a whole lecture to Condoleezza there,
if they're hearing's there, and ripped you an ass, and thank God for Barbara Boxer, man.
He's my favorite boxer.
Amen, is there any doubt about that?
No, no, no.
Next to Mike Tyson.
5667 already does make a hell of a chicken.
Count 560 under Verizon and sing it or write his lines.
WQA, I'm hello.
Come on.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm trying to get in touch with Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Yep.
A couple of days, I changed this subject for a minute.
Yeah, go ahead, please.
Yeah.
A couple of days ago, you brought up about sunny in the Gotfather.
Right.
And you said there was a shooting on the 79th pre-carsway?
The 79th pre-carsway?
79th pre-carsway.
Yeah.
Right.
Was that the one at the place for steak harbor round?
Hahahahaha!
Hahahahaha!
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't get how many day go, getting a wreck, grease ball, go and buy some.
I don't know what it would work.
They shot sunny on a car'sway.
He's dead.
Now, wonder who is doing a play by playing that game?
I never thought was it Red Barber?
Remember the toll taker was listening to a ball
into a baseball game on the radio and the toll booth?
My brain filters all that out.
Yeah.
All in me your brain filters all the way.
You wouldn't recognize it anyway.
You know I wouldn't know Red Barber from the
Barber in the corner Barber Shop over there with it
on the sub-center, that Barber Shop.
That would be it?
Bob and Coral Springs says the number of broadcasts now,
lets the number of sports teams has watered down the quality of sports
and obviously it's just jockies, et cetera.
Excellent point.
When I was a kid in 1952 he was born.
One network station broadcast the NFL.
New York only had the Yankees and Mitson baseball.
Only Rangers and Nix.
So the talent spots were limited and only the best had a shot.
Today the proliferation of cable network AMFM and all the teams
has undermined the quality of the broadcasts and the playing talent.
Bob that's one of the great factors I've ever received in my life
and you are correct here.
Right.
When it's out watered down, that's what they've done.
That's why the quality you got some of these little girls teams playing now.
He still he has little girls teams like the Vikings.
What the hell were they doing in the playoffs anyway?
I mean you talk about bad coaching.
I mean what kind of good coaching is it when you practice a trick play all week long
and then you play in the game and you have too many men on the field.
That's good coaching and it's kind of humorous though.
I thought it was pathetic.
Well you want to see the Eagles win?
No.
The Eagles are going to fold up like an accordion.
You're going to see the real Eagles this weekend.
Elan is going to kick their ass man.
Take it to the bank and I hope it.
I mean I'm not going to like talk real big and I don't want to just like the thing.
The Nix and I was real nervous about the quotes and that's because you had me all concerned.
Man you were buying the hype.
You were buying it and you were selling it.
You were selling it and you were peddling it man.
You had me peeing in my pants.
And even at halftime when it was 6 to 3 I'm thinking oh who the hell knows what evil works.
But you could see man.
Once it got to be 13 to 3.
Game over.
This was one of those deals where it got to be the last four or five minutes in the Patriots clinging desperately hanging out of the lead.
Remember I told you about that problem?
Yes.
I said the dolphin game and they didn't over till it's over.
Well this time it was over.
Thank God.
And a stealer game who the hell knows.
I just think that Patriots are going to be in a Super Bowl again.
It's just my personal feeling.
And the majority of the people on the sports illustrated said so too.
So let's just forget the game Sunday and go to the Super Bowl.
What do you say?
Huh?
Because some guys might get hurt.
You know stuff like that.
Let's just bypass these NFL NFC and the FC championship games and go right to the Super Bowl.
Sounds good.
The main man Anthony Kelli and I would accept him's capital mortgage.
It says it's time for New Year's resolutions like most Americans pay off your credit cards.
Lower your debt, cut your mortgage payments, pull out cash, invest in your real estate.
They are the top of a lot of people's list.
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the U.S.
Why keep so much equity in your house or pay high interest rates?
The main man's near resolution is to get back to the community in this year.
They partnered with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abused and neglected children each year.
As seven scaperlers donating an portion of all commissions on every closed loan to this great cause.
What six kids have is own the main man knows how important being a parent is.
So forget about calling anybody else called the main man Anthony Kelli and I.
Call them full free.
There's no obligation.
One, tripe 8483 loan or you can go online the main man.com and fill your application out right online.
Call them today.
One, tripe 8483 L-O-A-N.
You want to see the real rush rate?
It's losing rate.
On 560, B-A-M.
I'm scared.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Wimball, serving of humanity, talk show host, Cameroid sufferer.
Folks, over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation rush and my rush to excellent supositories.
Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhagotis you just for my picture on the box of supositories and the applicator tube.
Another fine product from O-I-B, the obesity and broadcasting network.
143.5, so I'll say to what happened with this thing.
Okay, and that is that I was challenging Josh to give me the name of some any sport.
A sportscaster who came along in the last 20 years and was really outstanding and would be like a legendary for all time.
He couldn't do it and the audience couldn't do it either.
So it transferred from that into two other things.
Just naming some legendary sportscaster from 100 years ago like Chris Shankler, Marty Brennan or Chick-Hern or who do you hate?
You know, that's where we've gone.
We've been led astray, what you think?
Yes.
We've been led down the garden path.
I mean, not that we care because it's killed some fantastic time.
560.560, pound 560 out of a variety of singular rottlesign.
Not even a pool today.
Just our task for you when you call it.
Just name some of sports guy.
That's all.
This name of sports guy.
Can be like a broadcaster, water boy, can be...
BAAAMING!
Although we know who that'll be.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know that guy you had on a few calls ago talking about Causeway Hits, man?
Yeah.
I think he was on to something.
Back in the 70s, that place for a stagdour, the guy Stanley Harris, has come down.
Yeah.
What about the forage?
Yeah, the forage too, yeah.
Right.
The Gambino hit the plate, sir.
Right.
What do MITre-Lansky's son get you out there, or somebody in the Lansky family?
That I'm not sure of, but I know there were a couple guys that were made guys that were outside,
the Gambino family, they paid heavily, right.
69, 70, 71.
The cost of war.
LITS.
Lister said to them.
Moment.
Raise that a good hit on the board.
Ravens got the box.
Fits out by Adam.
Now, who does that sound like?
It's right here, Josh.
I don't know who to sound like.
So wait.
It's a boat went down.
The fuck the wall of the board tested my head.
It's a little.
There's a little clue for you.
Okay.
Who do you want to think he sounds like Mo Sam Rosen played again?
It's clear by Amritus.
Nine and a half minutes to don't attract him.
Rangers leading Scootle One.
Now that we're at it, here he's got that same New York Jewish
affectation.
Okay.
I think Sam Rosen and although Mo doesn't have the noise that Sam's got.
Sam got a schnauzelike from here to Montana.
Humongous.
Beak.
Good guy though.
Anyway, 5 6 7 0 5 6.
We're talking about sports casters and a kind of
racial shows from the past.
With your close personal friend, I probably shouldn't say that.
You know, I think we got into the whole day.
We're out there.
Oh God.
Maybe he's on vacation or something.
Maybe he went with Stevie Tyler on permanent vacation.
We can only hope.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I went to ship.
Gord.
I can still homesick.
But equal smurfing.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Wow.
These are good Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil, you've got the best one.
Yeah.
Just a gaki.
Yeah, OK.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes.
That's never not going to happen other day.
What you call that?
It's come on.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
I think it's a little too soon for tsunami jokes.
Don't you?
No, I think it's just right.
Oh, Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Jimmy or Danny?
Jimmy or Danny are both good.
Yeah.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Jim.
Man.
I don't know what's beginning.
The masters every year and they haven't do this five to ten minute lengthy just boring.
I never never watch golf, man.
I would have to be dead.
Jim.
Dancer is terrible.
Five to ten.
He talks about the flowers and the fairway.
Really?
How about you, Jeff?
Do I see what I like hearing about that?
Well, maybe it is kind of that way.
Say, and now let me ask you, you say Jim.
Man's which I know who Jim.
Man says, of course, as all these paid for games.
But remember, they're running back for the old Boston Patriots.
Big black running back Jim.
Man's.
Yes.
Very nice.
That is interesting.
But the younger Jim.
Exactly.
See younger and lighter conflicted.
There you go.
Five six seven.
I bet you don't remember the old Jim.
Man's do is, Josh, the Boston Patriots.
Oh, sorry.
Geo capilletti.
Annemarie Al Spaghetti.
W.D. Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Robin.
Yes, sir.
Gary Thorne.
Yes, man.
Gary Thorne.
What?
Just a guy.
He's a sports guy.
He's great.
Isn't he?
He's good.
All right.
That's it.
That's my country.
Great.
I think we got a new format.
Let's hear it.
Yeah.
Just just start.
Just call up and say names.
Okay.
Just names.
It may.
Martha Ray, you know, or will
read in doctor.
Right.
Not bad.
Come on, Josh.
Name somebody.
Yeah.
Just a name with somebody.
Roger Worsky.
Marge Simpson.
Oh, it doesn't have to be a real person.
No, just somebody.
Jesus Christ.
There's another one that could be a real person.
Maybe not who the hell knows.
WQA him.
Hello.
Yeah.
What's the piece of the study?
When Steve on next Monday on another station, pal,
seven to ten, get over there real fast.
Warm up your radio.
WQA him.
Hello.
Yes.
I want to talk to Neil speaking.
Oh, Neil.
I'm sorry.
I didn't think I'd get on that.
You're on right now.
Well, that's one of those things.
Potluck.
What about the ESP and crew on Sunday night?
Mike Patrick.
Week.
Week.
You like my, you think my Patrick's good?
He had some excitement to the game at least.
He's not boring.
Now, let's see.
Fiesman is on air and who else is on his, is it dear?
Norther is it Paul McGuire on it?
McGuire.
Paul McGuire.
At least there's, at least there's some bands are between them.
Yeah.
I think that's a really bad telecast.
They get a lot of raps.
I think it's okay, especially compared to all the others.
I just like it better than Monday night.
But Mike Patrick, well, see Monday night used to be good,
but the two of them now, Michael's in Madden,
and it becomes so legendary in their own minds that it's not.
Now, it's just it's basically more about them than it is the game.
And as soon as it starts getting that, I can look without them, you know?
Okay.
Excellent.
Excellent for the game, not for the announcers.
Right.
Take care, Mike.
See ya.
Take care, Mike.
Now, let's not mean back in a hairy carry days, I would tune in for the announcers,
but it takes somebody really extraordinary,
somebody really spectacular to get you to the game, you know,
like a Mike Lang or a Bob Prince.
Somebody who's like legendary, say or Fred Qsick or Joe Bowen.
That's somebody legendary, man.
That's a great sportscaster.
Of course, I know that thousands of people tune in the Marlin games
right on a station for Dave and boring.
Now, let me tell you right now, okay?
If you have one, do anything positive for your franchise, for your Marlins,
gosh, you should like put the word out right now.
Get the booster on.
There is the main man.
We got Anthony Calliander was the main man on that other deal on the loans.
We ought to get the main man, the booster on those games, right?
In fact, let's get them on the TV broadcast.
Now that Len Casper is going to Chicago, right?
Right.
So you won't have any conflict with your partner, your sidekick there, right?
That will be great for him.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Have boog on TV because boog may be one of the greats one, David.
He'll ever get an opportunity unless it gets a full-time gig.
And gets to be the main man.
Not something back up there to go.
It's in a coma.
Get them on the TV, the booster.
Of course, he'll have to.
There's an about that orange hair if we put them on TV, though.
When you think diet, although if it's good enough for David Caruso,
it's good enough for the booster.
And I think it was already on a diet.
Oh, you've got a hair.
I see.
151 at five.
So you see, I don't have any idea what this show is about all today.
And I'm really enjoying it a lot.
That's been like a blur and has.
Of course, that's because the pool you can't build our pool because we got it.
Build for him.
And just like the pyramids, we didn't have to work on it because the Egyptians already beat us to it.
They built it.
Built and they will come.
Carmell of the Caesar ditches out.
195 votes to the hottest babe from our beaded curtain of all time.
Angelina Jolie's in second 29,
Halle Berry, 28 and a chrono,
who had a 25,
Carmell Lecture 24,
Alissa Milano, 22,
Charlize Theron, 21,
Elmock, 1st and 15.
So he have a guard 11,
Barbie, Benton, 11,
Tanya Harding, Tanya Harding.
Oh, my God.
Has God 10 and Sophia Lorenz 10.
Everybody all single digit.
How could Tanya Harding have 10 votes?
Hey, Hey, what?
Hey, love.
Oh, my God.
That is that's enough to make me want to just give up.
You know, just throw my hands up and ear and give up.
That's why Joyce makes this feel like we want to give up 152 at 560 WQ.
I'm I'll tell you one thing.
Don't give up on your feet because you feel one of the most important parts of your body.
When they start giving out, you're like Krushin around and you got your walker and your cane.
And then you went in the wheelchair.
Take good care of your tutsies.
And one way to do that is make sure you get a perfect fit with your shoes every time.
And the most unbeatable deal is always waiting for you at Brandy shoes and top of the beach.
Top quality names remain and women.
The best in business, you get a perfect fit because the people there who work at Brandy's
make sure that every time they give you unbeatable prices to what a combination.
They got rock ports, floor shriek, SAS, Sphery, Timberland, Naturalizer, all the other top names in the shoe.
Brandy's is open daily nine to nine, Monday through Saturday and Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, five.
And Brandy's is still going strong and have a great location.
They've been going for years and years.
1290 North Federal Highway and Poverty Beach.
And this week is especially great time to buy rock port shoes at Brandy's because this week
take 20% off on all great men's and women's rock port styles.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shopper down the web at Brandy's shoes dot com.
You are listening to Neil Rogers' exclusive raid on 516-12-12.
Holy Makinah!
This is Joe Bourne, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Oh Canada, our home and the different high fuzz and C.
We'll knock you on your ass.
Welcome.
I'll Karena ordinaces.
Oh, can ever see that that's known to me.
Oh, can ever see that that's known to me.
Can ever see that that's known to me.
Oh, 156 at 560 WDQ, my guess since we don't have any new lineup, we have none of any
faxes or any like instant memos or call this one during the break.
I know that.
So I'm assuming it's like Mad Dog 2 to 4 and Mohawar David 4 to 7.
Is that correct?
I would assume.
You see what this world's down to today and it could have been any topic.
Not just sports casters.
Like sitcoms, TV news people.
You see what I'm saying?
Now take a look now that Rather is being forced into early retirement on CBS.
Look at that array of grotesque names I had yesterday and that's story about who they're going
to replace him with.
I mean, what Katie Kyrrick is starting to sound thoroughly attractive compared to the others,
what does that tell you?
As opposed to like a chat holly or David Brinkley or Walter Cronkite or any of these other people, right?
We all might as well be dead.
No, no, but seriously, the mediocrity is what it were in America's ad.
Let's face it, mediocrity is the name of the game.
Medi-Ocher.
In addition to which you don't get higher ratings in the US than hockey when they're playing hockey
which they're not now, of course, is that celebrity poker thing made to those poker tournaments?
That's huge.
You're big.
Now let me ask you this.
Why would you want to sit around watching somebody else play cards?
I don't want to watch other people play games of any board.
But I mean playing cards, even watching golf would be civilating compared to that.
That would be like celebrity monopoly, celebrity part cheesy.
Co-exude all the same to me.
Celebrity checkers on Fox.
Huh?
They have celebrity poker now I think, don't they?
Ah, yes, what I just said.
If they had women like they have a rating.
If they had ratings, man, people are watching that.
Wrestling.
Holy crap, man.
Or so talk about desperate.
So just generally the level of everything court politicians look what we got now, ma, ma, ma, ma.
Top hat Roosevelt, look what we got.
Roosevelt invented social security.
This guy's trying to destroy it.
So it's just one of them things.
It's not just a K, you don't have to be ancient to understand what I'm talking about.
Even a like middle middleing kind of guy like George, he knows what I'm talking about.
What?
Back in the day.
Now back in the day, like those theme songs.
How many of those TV themes we played a couple of days ago?
How many of those were from current shows?
Not a lot.
How many current shows in the last 10 years on TV have got memorable themes that will be remembered for all time?
You know, you got like friends, okay, it's not a good one, but at least people remember it, right?
Right.
But how many?
Couple?
Couple.
Wow.
Media ochre baby, that's what we're going, that's bad.
The celebration of mediocrity.
It's like you watch a baseball game and a guy grounds it into a double play and the runner from second goes to third and the guy goes back to, and they're fisting.
They're doing a fist in routine, man.
Before what?
What's the celebration, huh?
The guy just killed the inning.
You see what I'm saying?
What do you say?
It's crap.
It's pure undeliberated crap.
Can I say crap?
No.
I'll say it again.
It's crap.
C-R-A-P, crap polo is the name of the game.
Stripe for excellence on you, punks out there, not for mediocrity.
What was that song?
Is Dirty as they want to be?
That Luther Campbell thing?
That was the name of the album.
I don't know about what I heard there.
Right.
And now it's like, as mediocrity as they want to be, that's where it's at.
Pretty sad.
Anyway, that's what they're going to do.
Our poll result today was Johnny Most had 82 and Moe had 14.
Bye, bye, bye!
