Tonight NFL season opens open will be a new England.
Oh!
It should be a high scoring game.
I wouldn't give a lot of points.
I just don't like the game.
Really?
Yeah.
I like it.
You want to give seven and a half?
I'm not betting on football, man.
What kind of a degenerate do you think I am?
I'm not in your league when it comes to this gambling crap.
I think I did win a peanut butter bus if the wood buying yesterday.
I was going to say you have potential.
Yeah.
So you could work me into one of your gambling parties.
I could meet you at GA once a month.
You know my meter.
Those are people who seek a cure.
I see.
I agree with you.
I enjoy it.
I had a good day yesterday.
Just a few hundred though.
Nothing major.
You had a good while.
You were doing that.
Yes.
Your best friend here was reprogramming the station.
Did you hear that?
I have an interesting thing.
Funny you should be the one to bring him up instead of me.
I don't want to mention any names, no mo.
But I'm kissing him off today.
Because I made the bad mistake again for the second time in a week.
Ordinarily when it gets to be two o'clock in Josh and George Convouch for this.
We play our little thing there at the end of the show.
We drop in some cute little thing and then I add one of my own.
And then I close up the board and I go to lunch.
But twice this week I must have been my psychic powers.
I knew that somebody was going to be like hyperventilating going off the deep end
because he seems to be coming unglued these days.
And shown off, he started about he liked a punch for me in the nose.
If I ever come back in the studio, I've got a punch in the nose.
I'm going to punch management in the nose.
And at that point I just shook my head and walked out of here and went to lunch.
Then I find out for my spy reports that he was traction you and George just about everybody in the building.
So I decided, you know, my life just like yours right now is I would say it's apex.
Everything is great.
You know, life is sweet.
Yeah it is.
And so why should I let some cranky old coot, some nasty old walking puddle of pus?
I just pay no attention to him, no more.
I don't care what he says.
He can shadow box with himself.
I think what he ought to do is like punch the whole world in the face because the world is not a step.
And only Moe is the one in line.
You know, so I still have him.
I've done with you Moe.
I still promote the show.
I'll say, hey Moe it too.
And that's it.
I'm not going to do what he used to do about it.
I'm not going to talk about that show after me and I urge you not to lay on that bushly crap.
The problem with this man, he's like a little kid with a rattle in a sandbox.
You know, he's just a juvenile.
It's embarrassing.
I'm going to punch you in the nose.
I'm going to beat you up.
Yeah.
Right.
The only one you're afraid of is Roll Martinis.
And rightfully so about him.
You know, last year I was at Del Mar.
And I got on the elevator and there was John Brunetti and Roderick.
And Roderick.
Really at Del Mar?
Yeah, and the elevator.
And I'm looking at this man and I'm thinking to myself, what on earth was I thinking?
Yeah.
I mean, he's a big guy.
You don't even come up to his puppet.
No, he's a giant.
Yeah, he is a giant of a man as opposed to some people.
Talk of a good game there.
A sweet fight.
Yeah, just go have a wonderful life.
You know, dilute yourself, ramble on, spew any of a sputum that you want on the earth.
I really don't care.
And all of a sudden you saw him old.
That's right.
For the last time.
Don't see me no more.
Anyway, go ahead.
So the suggestion was that you go to mornings.
No.
No, which was a shot at you, obviously.
Of course.
Yeah.
You know, it's...
Yeah, look, let me just say this.
Because you see your egg in the eye now, even though I'm trying to like close my chapter in the whole thing.
Yeah.
If I worked anywhere, like in a shoe store, in a bakery, restaurant, anywhere, any kind of a job.
And all of the people there hated me like poison.
And then I went someplace else and I got another job.
And all of the people there hated me like poison.
I looked myself in the mirror if I could stomach it and I'd say, maybe I'd like rearrange my altitude
about life.
But it just didn't get to happen.
So that's why I just forget about it.
I'm not coming back.
I'm afraid you're going to beat me up, Mo.
So that used that line.
That'll be a good one.
So you're just...
I'm scared.
You're going to spend the rest of your life in exile.
That is correct.
I already said a zillion times on here that I'm not coming back there.
So for him to come up with that crap of a little oil.
He'd come into the studio, I'd like a punch him and know, yeah.
Right.
You ain't punching anybody, okay?
Punchy is the word.
Bye, Mo.
So when are we getting back to more important things?
Yeah.
When's your horse running again?
Two weeks.
Yeah.
You never did finish Tommy.
He had a two length lead and then he was like, I just ran out of gas.
Yeah.
Oh, well, it's easy to do these days.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
And I didn't want...
You know what?
It's secret of fear of worst today.
It is the feet of your car.
That's where we're going.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
So if you finish where?
Off the board.
Off the board.
Oh, no.
But she showed speed.
You know, she just got left at the end.
I didn't have to do this bad thing because when owners start punching their gut side,
every time a horse runs out, it's not a good idea.
Now, what did she go off?
Like, about seven to five.
She was two to one.
Two to one.
She'll be a price next time.
But I'm not...
I don't need to bet on that horse.
Right.
Well, I mean, as you know, there's some people in a horse business.
They run their horses for a set up a bet or they run for the first money.
Now, if your horse is running for good first money, you don't need to lose your ass gambling
every time they run.
Well, that was a $20,000 dollar person, that right?
Right.
So...
Now, in the third breads, you get what?
About 12, 14,000 out of the 20, if you win?
Yes, 60%.
60%.
See, and the harness racing is 50.
50, 50.
Yeah.
So, the pens are at different conditions, but generally is 60%.
Yeah.
It's a tough business.
But, you know what I mean?
We made a decision, Neil.
My partner and I talked about it.
We talked with Zito.
And because he's got a few horses who were left over from the Whitney's when he gave the Whitney's
over to another trainer and, or Mary Lou Whitney, and her horses.
And he had a few left and he asked us if we were interested in that.
And we...
I don't want to play the claiming game anymore.
I'd like to get one nice horse.
And that's it.
Yeah.
You know, like a...
Like Secretary.
Yeah, well, even...
It doesn't have to be Secretary.
But it could be like out...
Cryptoclearance.
Yeah, that would be a nice horse.
A free Alex.
A free Alex would be great.
And they didn't pay a lot for that horse.
Or how about the sign you sure of the racing business, John Henry?
Yes.
The sign you sure.
What the hell was that guy?
It filled your Jeff.
Remember that race call?
What a jackass he was in Chicago.
The sign you're sure...
He reminded me of something that we both were just talking about, you know, pompous ass.
But nevertheless, see how you get me going again.
You're an O'shaan provocateur, man.
You're a...
You're a stuffedist, Derber.
You're stirring the pie.
Derber is smoking it, but you're stirring it.
You know what?
We want to apologize to the world that all the rest of us at QAM were bad people.
Okay, we apologize for that.
That was our...
As I said, George, I just don't care.
Right, that's right.
Well, that's my attitude.
I just totally oblivious.
I'm in a different world.
Yep.
Things are good, and I'm not messing with that.
Right.
Exactly.
Everything is great.
Let somebody else be professionally unhappy.
I don't want to mention no mole names, but nevertheless.
All right.
So on that note...
You have a nice day.
Got myself a big pile of stuff.
Now, let me ask you this.
Now, George did a poor yesterday, which he inspired.
Usually, it's the other way around.
But he inspired my poll today.
He asked yesterday what black man you'd like to hang out with the most.
I voted for the guy that won Barack Obama.
I think he'd be a really interesting guy.
I think he...
I can't George that name yesterday.
And he said that that guy was tied for the lead.
He won the poll.
So I turned it around and I said,
what white man would you like to hang out with the most?
Bill Clinton is winning hands down.
Mad Dog is number two on there right now.
Yeah.
Well, Mad Dog?
I hang out with Mad Dog, and that is fun.
Yeah.
I would think so.
But like I bet you, he's got some interesting things to say.
Not that we're going there, but I bet you he's got some...
Yeah, I agree with that.
He's got a hard...
I didn't vote for either one of them.
Don't point the finger at me.
Oh, his clearance?
No, I didn't vote for clearance either.
I voted for Enrique Glacias.
Well, he's a big fan of my show, you know?
Oh, he is?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Every time he gets a new CD out, he always autographs it personal to me and sends it over.
Maybe he could send an aniquirin cove over.
In my opinion, maybe.
In fact, I think you probably get this as close to hers he ever did.
He probably gets this as close to hers as Pavel Burry and Sergei Fedorov ever did.
Oh, brother, man.
You know, you talk about Clinton.
You know, I play golf.
I would love to play golf with Clinton.
Spend four hours on a golf course with that man.
That would be a hoot.
You probably have some pretty good phone numbers for you too.
Yeah, that's the whole thing.
Oh, brother.
To think what we had to go through for two years because he was getting a little bit of action
at all these neo-cons, these lunatics, these goody-touchy finger pointers.
And look what we got now.
Like I said in the Godfather, pop head janko, look what I got.
Yeah.
Look what we got now.
He's a perfect running mate for me.
Yeah.
Except I would never touch Monica Lewinsky.
Oh, God.
In fact, I got a Monica Lewinsky story.
Where the hell is that?
Oh, she's going to London.
Yeah, she's got a, she's got a, she's got a schooler or something.
Yeah.
She took her, her prime ministerial knee pads and she's going over to see.
Yeah, well, she had her presidential new penny pads, but over there she'll need her prime ministerial knee pads.
She's just a Tony Blair.
She loves England.
Yeah.
That's a good place for her.
Maybe she'll go ask God.
Maybe she could enjoy some of that spotted ****.
But nevertheless, have a great day.
You too.
Yeah.
See you on Monday.
Oh, geez.
Monday, your full time is dead.
And that is really bad news.
It's all right.
We're looking forward.
Yeah.
I'm glad somebody has.
See you.
All right, you too.
Push ignored the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of those people down there they he fell.
Stubbed the people in the Amsterdam like cattle.
While at the national guard was in Iraq.
He cut funding for their levies.
Looters called Zane and our key.
In a room, but we made a bigger deal.
In search for neverly hollow way.
For one white girl we drained a lake.
I'd even asked for help from the Navy.
See you.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year they'll be no more the ground.
I was a river, a rock on wild needs.
The city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film crew to Florida.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I have been just a little bit late.
I've been there just a little bit.
I feel with sadness and confusion.
I've become a broken hearted.
For her love, not the only one.
I know I've got to run.
So I've got to push the line away.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
I'm a little bit late.
Upadi Bamboo is our home from the 20th century.
Now we start from doubt at all,
I'm dying on the gas.
Tenker teed at 5.60 W.Q.
And so Stacy is for Mars for our pole today, which we haven't even got to yet, but nevertheless.
She wants to hang out with John Gruden, whose coach of Josh is a football team, the anxious
Tampa Bay Bucks.
Am I right as he's still there?
That's right.
There you go.
Former Oakland Raiders coach, see I know my crap.
There's that the LA Raiders, the Raiders of Nonesi Angels.
The Raiders used to be of Anaheim, but now we're hoping that they're crossing the bridge.
Ten, fourteen at 5.60 W.Q.
Am, don't forget Sunday, the real dolphins pregame show, which you manage for where's live
from the El Palacio Sports Hotel, Corner County Lyme University Road.
Listen all day long to when passing to see the mad dog in the tendee Bacardi VIP,
tailgate.
All right.
Party.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Five, six, eight.
Public, who are you?
Your information station.
Oh, how did it even?
I'm here.
I'm deciding a radio is begun.
And you, you just stay over there.
Now, normally I don't step out of character, but if you're in a disaster and it's here
a hurricane, I feel it's only forever that we are dispensing a holy gate here in sports
for a while.
Well, I made a Pee Wee Huyme could definitely go over there.
But I'm so happy.
There was.
Andy Town.
Yeah, I was a needy of a heart and a neighbor.
Yeah, hi, how are you?
Hey, you hear that?
There is nobody here.
You'd buy that name from this turn on.
You will address me by my truck a name around place, my bonnetinho, run the your nose.
OK, Mo.
Now, what do you want?
Well, there are only about 1,100 national cars available because the rest are getting
killed while trying to secure resources for corporate interest in Iraq.
The rescue equipment is there too, including the high water trucks, which is kind of weird since
I'm waiting for a second.
By the way, some.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Boy, stable.
The early, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, they're
not there.
They're not there.
Not there.
National Guard.
Not there.
They're not there.
We got thousands of national guards here.
Thousands of them.
Not there.
Over here.
Over there.
I'm going to have it a little bit more.
So take that, Bob.
This might be President of Oz.
It's in full control.
You know, you've got to keep in mind nobody had any idea that the impact of the score.
Then that's how the middle guard forced to do this.
Who do you think it is?
What the hell is that I'm breaking through?
I, uh, I came to edify you in political monologue.
Hey, I'm Nerelda.
I'm smart.
I'm like Dewey Hoyman says.
Well, perhaps you'll garner much under my tutelage.
I don't want to look for that tutelage.
Yeah, I don't want your tutelage over me.
You can't.
You can't, Lord.
Strong break, strong break, strong break, strong break.
1021 at 560 WDQAM.
So, uh, let's see, we had a fast from Will.
We're getting faxed for the pull.
We haven't even gotten the yesterday's pull yet.
Much less the new pull.
Take a time.
One pull of the time, please.
So what you said.
Will says, uh, Drew Rosenhaus is the white guy he'd like to hang it out with.
He says, cars, cribs, NFL buddies, press conferences, TV shows, and jailhouse statements.
Drew Rosenhaus.
Yeah, I think Drew is about as cool as a frog's fart if you asked me.
But nevertheless, that's who Will would like to hang out with.
Now, George yesterday inspired today's pull by Sam, by Askin.
Which black man would he like to hang out with the most?
Now, what inspired that?
Kanye.
I see.
I thought immediately.
I want to hang out with that guy.
He's, uh, he's right on and, uh, brave enough to say so.
George, Bruce does not care about black people.
Oh, you know, stuff like that?
No.
Uh, Barack Obama though, got my vote.
And look at that.
He won the pull.
129 at Hank.
And Hank, is there one I'll give you that?
No, he suggested it, but he was already on there.
I mean, the initial list of course included Brock.
I see.
There you go, turning on Hank now.
You're probably going to have Volka Brown, right on a bunch of anti-hank bits.
He loves Hank.
You're going to, you're going to write some anti-hank bits for Volka Brando record.
I'm a homo.
Barack Obama, 129.
Dave Chappelle, 126.
I asked Josh Cortes, is that the Chappelle show coming back on?
He's no.
No, he's done.
Well, why?
And don't tell me the $50 million.
He doesn't want to, they wanted to write his show for him.
Right.
He doesn't want to do a show that says Dave Chappelle, and it's not his product.
It's sticking their fingers in it in other words.
In his nose?
And I'll tell you the $50 million.
I mean, not getting a $50 million.
Yeah, $50 million.
I'd say, hey, bye-bye.
See ya.
It's been fun.
Wow.
Chris Rock, 123, he's right on Dave's ass.
And Shaq, look at that.
Shaq!
Have one 16.
Wow.
Why is that?
I don't know.
It's just that the bloody poor shop, you know, maybe they want to see a stoop doll, 58 Samuel Jackson,
48.
It's a condol, condoliza, 36.
I wonder if condoliza lives in a condo, you think?
Probably several.
Morgan Freeman, 35.
Will Smith, 34.
Ricky Williams, 33.
I wonder if condoliza ever took a conny.
Now, I'm not sure if that's the word that our family made up.
You know what?
You know what a conny is in an, no.
An inema.
All right.
Remember I told you my mother took an inema every day since she was like a little girl since
she was like 15 years old, the rest of her life.
No.
Yes, I did.
I told you that.
That was her main thing in life was right.
Was ass.
Anyways, Morgan Freeman, 35.
Will Smith, 34.
Nothing like a good conny.
Ricky Williams, 33.
Rating.
And she makes you hell of a canola too.
Ray Nagan, 26.
Cainy West, 25.
Cainy.
Cainy West.
George Clinton.
George Clinton.
Who's George Clinton?
The musician.
George Clinton.
Yeah.
22.
How come I don't know who that is?
I don't know.
He's old.
Yeah, he's old.
Oh, gee.
I never heard him.
Claret's Thomas 22.
He's old, but he's a smoking a big fat one still.
James Earl Jones, 20.
Oh, Jay Simpson, 18.
He'd like to hang out with him for just a couple of seconds.
He's longing up to pull a trigger.
Al Sharpton, 18.
James Brown, 12.
And the famous flames.
The famous.
FAMING.
Louis Therricon, 11.
Fittiesett had nine.
Sean Puff, that EP Diddy Combs, whatever he may call himself these days, has nine.
Alonzo, morning, 7.
Judge Matt Findout, if Diddy is really a beard.
Judge Mathis Six, who is the other way around, aren't really sure.
Ice Cube Six, Jesse J.J.
That can be a male beard, can't they?
Jesse Jackson Five, J.Z. Five, Chris Tucker Five, Bryant Gumbel Two, and Bobby Brown,
downtown Bobby Brown, no relation to downtown Mickey Brown, two.
Who is the George W. W. Rumeight and College, by the way, Mickey Brown.
If you wonder why he's a director of FEMA, he has no qualifications whatsoever.
Kenya, believe it.
George Clinton, is that George Clinton?
Yes.
But, partly, I have no idea who that is.
You know this is all.
You got fat face?
Oh, yeah.
I don't know who that is.
I'm just pondering you.
By the way, Joel, Fineberg has a ticket to Jackass.
Greg wanted me to say that.
You and any at, Joel.
Now, did you discuss this yesterday at the Grey's Urging and Tweeting?
No.
See, when I got that call the other day from the Muffmysk, they're, hey, duh.
You're fair.
I knew that this was a setup from Greg, you know, because he had,
because the phone call was a call that was left on the voicemail of Greg Reed.
So, how would duck it?
And why would he be playing it for me?
Unless Greg went in there and said, oh, I want you to have everybody here this
so they can talk about it on the original Fineberg and ask.
Greg, let me just say this to you.
Okay, Joel is ripping him and, and himself, and asked big enough without any help from us.
Okay, I mean, he's just, he's got an ass to size of the universe.
Joel Fineberg, by the way, is the big shot, the head cheese, the head honcho,
the main man at 790, the ticket, which you couldn't find their numbers with the Palomar telescope.
And so he calls up Greg and he leaves the voicemail, which is one of the most bush league things I've ever heard.
Although Greg, of course, he knows about bush league.
But nevertheless, basically the essence of it is that Joel Fineberg is throwing big Kim Bo camper under the bus.
Now, you throw a bulk camper under the bus and it's going to rock and rattle and shake and bake,
because he is one big guy.
I would want to mess with Kim Bo camper.
See, with some old dodo birds as he wants to punch me in a mouth.
At that point, I kind of chuckle.
But when somebody like Kim Bo camper, you don't want to cross him because he'll come back and just step on you like a cockroach.
You can definitely walk with a look.
Yeah, that's exactly right. He'll take that old, then-dowed cow from in front of university dogs and just shove it with a moon dome shine, Joel.
So the message is that, oh, he's decided not to hire up Kim Bo camper after all.
And don't overpay him like I had you do with Hank and Mad Dog because in other words, the bottom line being he's trying to undercut Bo camper,
because evidently, Kim isn't going to go over there, which is fine with us because we like him a lot.
He's kind of a dullard on the air, but he's a good guy.
And a big guy, and you better not mess with him.
Remember that song? Don't mess with Kim by the Marvelettes?
Sure.
So at any rate, there's the bottom and the top and the middle and everything else.
Joel, fine birds with jackass, we already know that.
I love the fact that they said in the beginning, oh, we're not into broadcasting. We're into marketing.
Well, it's a good thing you don't have no desires about being into broadcasting, guys, over there because you're sure not in it.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
Unwrap all the slime all the time.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold. It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
Hey, Krabley.
In my pants, something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
Let's become a zero baby.
And I cannot feel my toes.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
Welcome.
And my pride with butter fruits.
Oh, my nose is about to fall.
There's a cloud every time that I thought in my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have to take my thumb so bright.
Let's become a zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth forever.
I'm a red hat like the other.
But first I need to be thought out.
Yes, I need to be thought out.
That's because it's even.
I say free your mind.
26 to 11.
I voted for it weekly on the only one I can see there.
I think we might have a lot in common.
We could sit in bonds.
I don't pick it up on it.
There are only two words I know in Spanish.
That's only because of this show.
That's all I know.
Thanks to George for sending me these two Ben Harper CDs.
I'll say it again.
I'd rather know who Ben Harper is in George Clinton.
Let me put it that way.
I mean, I'm not that I want to hang out with Ben Harper.
I have no desire to do that.
I'm thinking inspired by that CD that I was playing.
How about that John Osborne?
Was that great or what?
I think it's too enthusiastic.
I thought that was sensational.
It just moved me almost to tears.
But at any rate, inspired by that standing on the shadows of Motown
that we went crazy about last week, whenever the hell it was,
wouldn't that be a great fundraiser since we got all these concerts going on.
Not a race money.
A reunion of all the Funk brothers, the ones that are still alive.
Of course, we can just bring in some of the other ones and prop them up.
And the people recording artists who were on this CD who were in a movie.
Like Booty Collins.
Bootsy Collins.
Booty.
Shake your booty.
And John Osborne and Gerald LaVert and Ben Harper and etc.
These people, all these things.
They were separate Chaka Khan by the way.
Oh geez.
Leave her ass home.
But would that be something?
I'd pay a thousand bucks to go see that concert, and have them sing all the Motown hits.
Yeah.
Wow.
That would just really be something.
We're going to try to do something with the CD to raise money.
Now, what is there like an organization in the Humane Society last time heard?
New Brighton Mains Society of New Orleans.
Well, all of the nations that we need to do.
There's a national Humane Society.
Yeah.
And that's where the money is going to be going.
I reckon we're still talking about it.
Well, we're in the working program.
In the meantime, you can click on the American Red Cross thing on our website.
We have a link.
We're doing an animal rescue that you've made the site.
Right.
And we'd like to participate and we will.
Anyway, thanks for the Ben Harper CDs.
He's phenomenal.
He's really just so good at scary.
Here was a hero.
Oh, you won the name.
Anyway.
Here's from Mike and Melbourne for the poll.
Today, what about Hugh Hefner?
Yeah.
Now, there's a good one for the poll.
He did a lot of hoes.
A lot of guys like to hear his stories.
A lot of guys share some of his slopp overs.
Two, some of the leftovers.
He's old.
Yeah, he's old.
But at any rate, 248 votes already.
What white man would you like to hang out with the most?
I mean, if you can ask what black man you want to hang it out with, how about what white man?
The point is, we all hang out with white people all day long.
Well, I understand.
But let's have a little equal time, man.
Bill Clinton's 69.
Jim M. Eddett's 33.
Neil Rogers's 26.
Yeah, you could sit over my shoulder at Woodbine and watch me lose my ass.
Tunger.
Chetty.
Chetty.
Well, John Stuart 20.
Suds Cullman 18.
Dan Moreno 12.
George W. Bush 12.
Oh, yeah.
At least you have the, at least you certainly have several knocks on the intellect scale, no matter
who you are.
Even Gilbert.
Michael Moore 11.
Brad Pitt 9.
I can't imagine why.
George Rodriguez 8.
You're right on Brad Pitt's ass.
Tom Brady has got six.
See, a lot of people thought I'd voted for Tom Brady.
Tonight being the opening of the NFL season, the Patriots and the Raiders.
Wouldn't you have thought?
Josh?
Yeah, I'm going for the Raiders.
Did, well, you are really a lot of bastard, you know what?
You are just unbelievable going for the Raiders.
Any particular reason for that?
Uh, because I want the Patriots to lose.
Well, why does a Bucks fan would turn even in the same country without the pace it sounds
like sour grapes to me.
But they've won the Super Bowl enough for me to ever see them win again.
I, so one game has to do with winning the Super Bowl.
So in other words, if they went like 12 and four and they didn't win the Super Bowl,
I wouldn't be okay.
Oh, I could care less if that's fine.
Well, okay, so let him win tonight just to make me feel good.
Otherwise, that next check is going to have like all zeros.
Uh, so that works.
Tom Brady, six, Gordy, all four, Bokka, Brian four.
I always thought of Bokka, Brian and Gordy, all the same category.
Also, at least part of it, brilliant minds.
Okay.
Sean Penn four and Wiki's got three now.
All right.
Let's hear it from my good close personal buddy in Greek way.
In Greek way.
Whatever his name is.
Geldy three.
Oh, Geldy ought to be a real hoot.
Give you all that hockey stuff that it's not for his 90 here.
John Gruden's got a pair.
And evidently, whoever sent that facts would like to check them out.
Hank, the Humper's got two.
He's tied with John Gruden.
Hugh Hefters got one.
Don Shul has got one.
Although, uh, Eminem's got one.
And who rose now so far has got the big.
Oh, rightfully so will.
Hey, well, come on.
Be a little more creative than that.
Okay.
Now, before we get into all this knowledge stuff and the other, uh,
just a huge prop plus your suggestions for the poll, of course,
will take thousands of call today.
In fact, WQAM, hello.
Hey, Nilo, for today's poll, Michael Jackson and Peter North.
Together?
Yeah, I thought of putting Michael Jackson on there,
because he sure ain't no black man, but he's also ain't no white man.
He's just a prevert.
Peter North is a good choice, huh?
It's okay.
Now, he's a straight shooter.
Maybe you'd like some instructions in life.
Or maybe he's here some of the great stories he said.
I mean, I sure rather hang out with Peter North and Ron Jeremy.
They're both in the same industry, but quite frankly,
Ron is a little bit too hairy for me to even be in the same as a little too hairy and too fat,
although I wasn't, he wasn't a studio that one day.
I think that's the reason I ain't never coming back.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16".
Oh, David's a bitch.
Hi, this is Bob from FPL.
We're working feverishly 24 hours a day on new ways to turn your power off long before any storms get here,
to save money and pass the savings along to us.
If a pigeon goes poo on our state of the art 1959 technology,
rest assured, we'll shut down all of our emergency phone lines
and keep you occupied with pre-recorded messages to press 1 or 2 or 2 or 1 or speak into the phone.
We understand what it's like not to have power.
That's why most of our employees always have theirs on.
To be prepared when yours goes off,
our emergency repair crews are not lazy and trucks will be dispatched after a storm has passed long after,
like a year after Shibu is.
So as ready kilowatt would say,
10.45 at 5.60 WQAM,
hope you can hear us hope that you got your power on,
I'll have been a couple of weeks.
We can have.
Oh, two weeks, right?
Isn't today two weeks from the day?
They're about to.
That is correct.
Anyway, just a little bit about those black family,
the guy has two sons in Atlanta.
They got arrested for holding up the signs about need help in Yadoyani.
No.
They got arrested in Atlanta for holding up a sign.
They're breaking the local laws.
Oh, man.
You know, cracker please, that's all I can tell you.
I know there's a lot of dark folks in Atlanta and that probably the mayor is black too,
but nevertheless, I really don't know who the mayor is at this point.
But the mayor ought to be in jail.
It's just, it's just uncomfortable.
The deep south, I've told you this for years,
long before we just had this for Windows Hurricane.
You know, even put all the laws on the books you want,
but you can't change people on the inside.
And the deep south is just as racist and nasty and hateful as it ever was,
which nobody seems to want to talk about that,
the fact that there are so many of these black folks living in horrendous poverty in New Orleans,
and most of the deep south is supposed to just look the other way.
Well, they should have known better and right.
It's kind of like a self-fulfilling death wish is what the white establishment has for all minorities.
Retired, speaking of minorities,
retired priest Reverend Neil Dority has been accused of drugging and raping the young boy,
while working at a Margate church.
Oh, my God.
According to a lawsuit filed Tuesday against the Archdiocese of Miami,
not another one of those isolated incidents,
and you know us with all the other stuff going on in the world,
nobody's paying any attention to this, no more.
It's old news, man.
Dority suggested the Broward County man,
who was now 19, tried marijuana and alcohol,
was a way of controlling his aggressive behavior law suit says.
The two minutes in Vincent Catholic Church,
when the teenager identified only as John Doe,
no. 22 was about eight,
and the priest abused him over the course of several years,
when he was about eight years old.
Are you on the four-yet-puking?
I'm here to get in touch.
According to the Su-Fouled and Broward Circuit court,
Dority cultivated a relationship with the boy
and invited him to mass and confession in the rectory.
Correct.
He gave the boy drugs and alcohol and after he passed out,
sexually abused him according to the suit,
which seeks more than 25 million in damages.
By the end, he was so drugged out that he was just an easy target,
it said Jeffrey Herman the attorney who filed no relation to the great driver Billy Herman
or he attorney who what or he we heard right the attorney who filed a suit and settled
three other cases against the arts diocese for about four dollars and a statement Tuesday
the arts diocese mind me said it's a sad day for the Catholic Church when we receive
an allegation of sexual abuse by a member of the clergy air be accusation is taken seriously
right.
Nobody has been accused of sexually abusing boys before but has ever been charged criminally.
In one case Howard prosecutors couldn't file criminal charges because the statute
limitation had expired but they said they had serious concerns about doorities behavior.
Each allegation is similar.
Doority made contact with the young male offered counseling provided drugs and sexually
molested him.
A recent lawsuit filed on August 17 by John Doe number 21 prompted John Doe number
22 to come forward.
How do you like that?
So there you go just another one of those isolated incidents.
Okay here's the bad news and we got I've got such a pile.
Good.
That's bad news.
Well we better take some call WDQAM.
Hello.
Okay that's a good one WDQAM.
Hello.
Uncle Mel.
Yes sir.
I was watching CNN last night that your buddy Larry came there it was pretty nauseating
and it inspired me to write a little dirty if I may sir.
Yeah.
Here's a little song about a man named Bush.
Well Northern's driving he was sitting on his push.
He's being on Haliburton out of New Bitfix and see other opportunity to make a rent
match see forced evacuated.
In your profession.
Next thing you know all the blacks have been pushed out constituents to change up this
now what it's all about.
The more illicit the hypocrites will all stand up and check when there's no more tricky
bars and the morning closer be here.
Y'all don't.
Okay well I was doing good till you got to that T-word there can't do that.
Oh it was.
Huh?
I said yeah that was good.
Well it's just we just got Joyce again okay we're doing a nice job there Pally but sorry.
I'm not really a nice job it was it was okay as intentions were good could use a little
help with the voice it was kind of doing a really chronic cost me a mutation I guess.
Yeah.
She's got that great Husky voice.
Husky voice my ass Jesus Christ there are people that pass gas sounds better than her
my God.
She is just she just gives me the willies he was good WQ I am hello.
Yeah Niel.
Yes sir.
Did you mind you me about the website about the novel please?
I beg your pardon.
I said you an email about a novelty website.
Yeah.
Did you get it?
No.
Oh I don't know which negative email is that about the years ago.
No.
WQ I am hello.
Yes sir.
One's been open to be back on.
Hopefully on the 12th of never is Johnny Macrius would say WQ I am hello.
Niel.
Yes sir.
Hey listen this is up mayor Nagan.
What's he thinking about when he told everybody get out of town without having a plan
to get him out of town.
Right.
I mean I was talking I was talking about to about the public buses the city buses they
showed the other day the whole free to school buses that were just sitting there doing
nothing they could have evacuated the thousands and thousands of those people while they still
had three days notice Friday and Saturday and Sunday.
Agreed and this guy's pointing the fingers at everybody else.
Wow I mean everybody.
He's pointing the fingers rightfully so because there's plenty of blame to go around they
all screwed up big time.
Agreed but it starts there.
It's right but it's evacuating the people.
They had to be right.
Amen.
I am so pissed.
He's pissed.
But again don't point the finger at the president though because that's bad I'll get
blue dobs upset you know that fat face the top of craft blue dobs.
Yeah.
Boy does he make my blood curdled WQ I am hello.
Yeah how about hang out with Ben and Jerry.
Oh I like that they're good guys yeah good liberal guys good Jewish boys from Vermont.
What you spend a lot of time with Ben and Jerry yeah not with them necessarily but certainly
with their product all I think they sold the company who they sell it they sold it to
what's that company that you guys want to L lever lever load lever alone.
Uh whenever the hell that is you know what I'm talking about not leaving her brothers
well whenever the hell it is they sold or they ice cream them but they're still around
Ben and Jerry great guys great the big balls they got a pair and their hearts in the right
place WQ I am hello.
Hey Neil hang out.
Yes sir.
Are you sure that greedy cross me isn't Phil Henry doing a voice.
Yeah.
Are you sure could be.
I thought I got you.
Okay could be.
I mean it can't be for serious cannon MSNBC if you want the MS you'll ever get it there.
They have got the worst crap the worst swill although I do like Heathilberman a lot now
all of a sudden now they stop throwing the spit balls and doing all their stupid crap
and now seriously I'm just but nobody watches it anyway so why should I waste my time
be like talking about hockey soldiers holding M16 strength in their grip.
By the way the Astridoma is in the lockdown mode although nobody seems to know what that
means and they have long lines of people waiting for these vouchers for their two thousand
dollars you know that they're all getting yeah the debit card right there are the line
up for that but for some reason now the Astridoma is in the lockdown mode as in pie a la
mode and nobody knows what that really means in this case you know what it means what
is it I don't know.
Soldiers holding M16 strength in their grip on New Orleans is concerns who are about
the risk posed by the toxic flood water as an officials race for what could be a staggering
death toll by reading 25,000 body bags across miles of ravaged neighborhoods of
trackboard houses grandestates and housing projects workers started to find corpses
and convince the city's last stubborn residents to leave or else.
Searchers who are armed with the proof of what many holdouts had long feared the flood
waters are thick with sewage related bacteria that are released ten times higher than acceptable
safety risks the muck contains E. coli certain viruses and type of cholera-like bacteria.
If you haven't left the city yet you must do so Dr. Julie Geburting directly center
for disease control prevention said yesterday tears anybody coming into contact with the
water to scrub with soap and water always good to carry some of that body wash with you
know it always.
Or maybe just a bar of soap with a heroine a real danger and pressure wasn't limited
to the New Orleans area the bacteria's fear to have migrated to crowded shelters outside
the state where many evacuees are staying.
Ford deaths won a storm victim sent to Texas the other three in Mississippi have been
triggered into wound infections officials read it for the potential horrendous death
to Bob Joe Hanson I wonder if he's related to Ingham Ardrow Hanson or Kelly Johansson
spokesman for the state Department of Health and Hospital said officials have 25,000
body bags on hand in Louisiana asked if authorities expect that many bodies he said we don't
know what to expect.
And there's all kinds of articles now and of course accurately so they just don't know because
there were like 40 or 50,000 people out of counted for right and a lot of those people
may have left or not or who now knows because obviously it was so well organized and so
common non chaotic.
Well the first hurricane ever hit a there.
Right and we had no idea that this was ever going to happen which is why Hurricane Pam
that if it is just hurricane that they spent five days planning for last year and preparing
for and doing a run through that was just let's see here's a fact that says President
Dumbchmann said Brownie you're doing a heck of a job not making Mickey Brown like you
keep saying need you need to research Mr.
All the articles all the articles agree with this fact that they said Brownie I heard
it myself and I'm sure he said I thought he said Mickey Brown but whatever it was Brownie
that's the maybe he's a Brownie how I don't know that would explain things that would
and bipartisan joint congressional committee will review the response that all levels of
government to Hurricane Katrina leaders of the House and Senate said yesterday that I
make you feel reassured.
It's not going to help a lot of those desperate people whose lives have been turned to instant
crap literally and figuratively especially the dead ones.
House Speaker Dennis Haster Big Fat Tubb of Turb Republican of Illinois and Senate majority
leader Bill Frist who has been spending too much time frisked in these days said when
they written statement that joint committee would report it's fine.
He's the Congress no later than February 15th next year.
Let's see it's September the 8th.
Oh that's a October November December January February that's only five months.
Yeah this whole thing it just makes you want to gag.
I wanted to just tag you this right now.
I know nobody in this audience will listen to me but we have that series the power of
nightmares from the BBC that award winning a series on here about this myth about the
new boogie man the world terrorist network which doesn't exist and not kind of which only
existed as a big middle of their imagination and then been loud and said hey that sounds
really good.
Well car ourselves out kind of even though there never was any such group but it's on our
website parts one two and three and I had forgotten that there were like three distinct
parts and last three nights on CBC they replayed all three everybody should be forced to watch
that the power of nightmares.
I know you won't watch it it's on our website way down there click away to look way down
but they won't look at it.
It's just everybody in America should end the world should be forced to watch that.
This is a boogie man craft first it was a Soviet Union and then it was Bill Clinton and
now of course it's the evil terrorist network.
Critics argue the federal government took too long to mobilize aid which of course is
correct causing thousands of storm victims to languish for days without food water
or other necessities.
First told reporters during a brief appearance that the new committee will be composed of
senior members of Congress with Republicans in the majority of course just like the investigation
in line 11 the same crap all these committees a high ranking has democratic aids that
all make it from his party had even contacted yet.
It's uncertain when the joint hearings would begin but Georgia should read that when they
start if they're joint hearings that's right but GOP leaders have said repeatedly they
don't want to pull officials out of the disaster area to testify.
We have plenty of time and they'll all be holding up their hands and singing I want to
testify probably smoking a parliament.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 a.m.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
New Orleans thought it had been spared the worst and then two major levees broke and slowly
the city filled with water.
The city that sits below sea level is now under sea.
Officials estimate that 80% of New Orleans is now under water.
The government has been asking for everybody to stay a prayer I think we could probably
do that for our friends and I love ones out there.
Last night we began this broadcast saying Katrina was bad very bad last night we didn't
know the half of it we are still learning just how bad.
What I saw today is equivalent to what I saw flying over the tsunami in Indonesia.
There are places that are no longer there.
I mean everything is just flooded everything.
The whole city there right there is people being evacuated.
We're hearing lots of stories of folks lending aid to one another.
Helicopters and rescue teams lifting people one by one hundreds and hundreds and all
from roof top.
We're hearing lots of stories like that of people assisting one another.
Dispare for them and for not just sending all the people down there.
You know they're picking up the pieces.
I asked for your prayers for all those who agree.
Hurricane Katrina has brought out some of the Times very best.
I asked the people to join me saying a prayer for the victims and their families.
God bless.
You're fair.
It's 1104 at 560 WN happy Thursday too.
We got Moa 2 that says much as he's going to give for me from now on.
Moa 2, a mad dog at 4 630 got your Marlins on deck.
Marlins at the Nats 705 and Eddie K.
After the ballgame didn't don't trouble in his 20 and my night.
They kicked some serious ass.
By the way I got a beautiful blank white page here from whatever you just thanked me.
Did you just fact me something?
Not lately?
No.
Let me try it again.
The last thing I tried.
Well what was it?
Oh and the beat.
The beat.
Something's coming.
No there's a white page which didn't always raise your curiosity when there's like a blank page.
Oh yeah I might have missed something really good.
Probably not.
But probably not.
I'll recent the last thing.
Whatever.
324 votes on a pool so far.
What white man would you like to hang out with the most?
You know just maybe go to dinner.
Maybe sit around on a sofa watching some football and just have a little chat.
Maybe going out and playing a little golf with.
Bill Clinton 95.
Jim Mann is 37.
Boy, bubble.
They sure like bubble a lot.
Oh god, do we miss him bad?
Do we miss him bad?
And they showed, you know, they had a little clip with David Brock on his power of nightmares.
Part 3.
And they asked him specifically about all these things that they made up about white water and about, you know,
the Arkansas project and all these.
And they were all manufactured.
Not a single one of them were true.
And of course all the crap about murdering a Vince Foster.
It just, just madness.
These are just crazy people is what they are.
In fact, I do have that article about the Leo Strauss and the Neocons.
I'm going to put, I pushed that up in my pile.
I pushed it.
Keep pushing it.
I'm pushing it.
How's it going there?
Now, this isn't a blank page this time.
This may be the fact that you try to send me a very important meal.
That Joyce Hall said a few months ago that most, I'm not interested.
What does it mean?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
On this date.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Don't I know this fantastic ophthalmologist. He's funny and politically on track a well-known bushator like anybody else with a brain
The white male I'd at least like to hang out with would have to be ah there we go hands down
Goal-strawb writes bush blew it. This is from your favorite website capital hill blue dot com
Yes, it's on our website and anyway
He says a few days after the 911 terrorist attacks president Bush galvanized a fearful nation by climbing atop the rubble of the World Trade Center
Creeping his arm across the shoulders of a firefighter declaring the whole world hears you the president's popularity
Surged in the aftermath of that disaster rallying public support and displaying defiance in the face of aggression
But what Bush has said after Hurricane Katrina now recognizes the worst natural disaster in American history has attracted criticism from
Democrats and Republicans alike
While his words after 911 provided confidence his statements after the disaster that is before in New Orleans and other areas have given little solace
House democratically to Nancy Pelosi of California told reporters yesterday that Gulf Coast residents were struck by two disasters
Katrina and the president stated to lead instead of
Unconscionably blaming others president Bush must take charge and take responsibility and must get it right and that's my concern
And the message that I'll bring to the president
Mr. President you should have taken charge and you should have taken responsibility she said of course
You know his motto the buck stops someplace else always
Pelosi we counted a conversation with Bush during which he called for the resignation of Michael Brown
That's Brownie or downtown Mickey Brown head of the Fima who's been under fire since the outset
That's his former college roommate Bushmeister. He said why would I do that Pelosi said?
I said because of all that went wrong of all that didn't go right last week and he said what didn't go right?
Obvious and denial dangerous. She said what didn't go right?
Christine Rieden who holds the Lutheran Henderson chair in leadership
But TCU's MJ Neely School of Business said that by his own actions and comments Bush has not really helped the people recover from the disaster
During a threat a leader needs to be visible choke compassion understanding for what others are facing and also show strength
Reardon said
It's important for leaders to get into the trenches and listen empathize
Communicators support those that are affected by the crisis a lack of visibility and communication from a leader erodes confidence
High visibility and compassion demonstrate interest concern and caring on the part of leader during crisis
Confidence and trust are heightened when leader is present with those that are affected
Bush got off on a wrong foot by heading to Arizona for a speech about Medicaid reform
That's not that's wrong. This is California San Diego. Just as the heavy winds hit the Gulf Coast
He took the opportunity to request that everyone pray for the victims
But otherwise kept to his script it was a day later that events forced him to abort his extended state as Texas ranch and return to Washington
A fire over the ravaged area produced boilerplate as opposed to destroying words recited after 9-11
And later appearances bush joke about how he used to go to New Orleans for fun during the freewheeling days of his youth
In Mississippi he annoyed some observers by noting that senator Trent Lotzholm have been destroyed
And expressing the desire to sit on the former Republican Senate leaders porch once it's rebuilt
Otherwise the most noted statement after the tragedy has been that the federal response was unacceptable
He also held the work of Brown the rounded criticized FEMA head telling Brownie that he was doing a heck of a job
Seattle he's called a Brownie
Public reaction to the president's performance has been mixed an ABC news Washington post-pull conducted September 2 found that 46%
Approved the manner which Bush handled the tragedy 47% this approved roughly tracking his overall popularity numbers in recent weeks
But the situation hasn't aided the president's sagging numbers as the 9-11 attacks did some of the problem might be timing
White House officials note that not only was Bush on vacation so as vice president Vic Cheney fishing in Wyoming and chief of staff
Andy card resting in Maine others were scattered around Bush also wasn't helped by comments from others
House speaker Denny Hasdard raised questions about almost immediately about the wisdom of rebuilding New Orleans
Comics. He lost no time in retracting homeland security department secretary Michael Churdoff told him russet
I meet the press that no one envisioned the New Orleans levees breaking even though the possibility of a disgust for years
And then there's the president's mother Barbara Bush who appeared insensitive with the suffering of residents in her comments
What I'm hearing is sort of scary that they all want to stay in Texas. You said everybody is so overwhelmed by the hospitality at so many of the people in the
Serena you know we're underprivileged anyway so this is working very well for them
I know I read that too they but it's worth reading that
This is working out very well for them
I mean I see you know we're under a fifth-leg standing right
This is working better at rock cutting
Oh yes you said with a chuckle and a little shmerkle there right
Oh brother what a nasty insensitive hostile bitch a spoon fed white-haired Betsy Ross look alike bitch
Go so some fag a flags honey and get out of our face just dummy up
America is trying to forget about you and the neocons by the way hate you and your husband like poison
Yeah, that's a part of that show. I'm telling I was really just glued to the set
Three I didn't realize it was gonna be on three consecutive nights
You won't watch it. I know too bad power of nightmares part one two and three owner dose trace
What white man would you like to hang out with most we got three hundred and fifty one votes
We got a shot of four hundred jargium. You really push it
We'll do it Bill Clinton what four hundred Bill Clinton 103 Jim Mandage 40
I mean Bill Clinton he's our man, you know and as a matter of fact
I think probably more people would like that I wouldn't be cause of the fact he was getting some hanky-panky
As opposed to some like goody two shoes that was sitting there with his arm is folded you know like
Will it would a big what whatever they call those things what do they call them that the Saudis wear oh
Smata
Bill Clinton 103 all over Christmas when you were to kill sets always a you know
Always ready like ready kill a lot. I was ready in a flash
Bill Clinton 103 Jim Mandage 40 near Roger's 34
John Stewart 33 says Coleman 20 you have to 17 George by the way
So thanks again for the emota on thing man. Did you tell my thank him profusely? I give him a bit wet look for you
Good. How about a kiss what will he George W. Bush 17 Michael Moore 15 10 marino 12
George Rodriguez 11. Yeah, you could smoke around and
Smoke around and sit the newspaper or sit around and smoke the newspaper
Brad Pitt 9 time ready 7
Gorbid all six. He's right on Tom's ass
Hank Goldberg 5
Bokob Ryan 4 Sean Penn 4 and Rika Glacias got three you'll have to fight me first
That's my man. Well kind of a man. Gildy 3
Drew Rosennows has got a peer John Grudon's got two kid Rock is got what
hahaha
And what's the reason for that I wonder I don't know I don't know and I don't care and I don't want to know
Peter North one Don Schuylers got one the old Brainstems if there any us Timsel still working in there
Eminem one and Dave Matthew is so far I hate to break the news you don't he's got the big oh and rightfully so
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69
Oh
She's sleeping there
With a little
Teddy bear now inside of closet my pants are down
I've been here all night hoping she'll wake up. I just hope that her daddy doesn't come in
And you know he's gonna kick me out his closet
Oh
Her alarm clock just went off she'll be up soon. Oh, she just woke up and she's stretching her arms out. Oh
Oh, I'm looking at it through this closet and I hope her daddy doesn't walk in because she's only a miner
She's eight years old my favorite car and I've been watching her
All night and I know and if a daddy walks in he's gonna be upset
Get out this cloud. No, here he comes. Oh, do breakfast wake up wake up honey. It's time to go to breakfast. Oh, no
He just opened up the closet
1119 at 560 WDQM Sunday the real dolphins pregame show with Jim Mandage premier's live from the El Palacio Sports Hotel
Corner County line of university listen all day long when you hear that uh that
Whatever the thing is we're playing. What is it? Well, don't play it out then they'll crawl right listen all day long to win passes to see the mad dog and tend to be a cardi VIP tailgate party and get yourself plastered
Uh a giant construction crane toppled over and hit neighboring seven story building this morning in four-later day
No injuries reported but the condo was evacuated condo Lisa. Please a condo Lisa bitch
City building inspections were called in immediately to decide if they pink 24 unit building called the
Mara K at
301 northeast 31st Ave is structurally sound after the massive blow
residents will not be allowed until the determination is made the mara K is located on the intercostal on the beach side is next
Dirt away construction site for new 14 story hotel and condo the ill lugano being built by Suffolk construction the crane
Which is about 300 feet long was assembled several days ago?
You know, yeah, how do you like that?
I'd like to go home and find a big good gigantic crane on your roof
Well, sure, unless it was maybe like a whooping crane and then maybe could mimic make a little whooping
Speaking of that Edden Ford-Lauder now has eases on the lighter side
Yeah, we got we need some stuff on the lighter side. It's very depressing dangerous times. We're living in Ed
We got all kinds of bad stuff the boogie man is waiting to get us
Hoaxer tricks testicle cooking contest is the headline in this story
I didn't even know there was a testicle cooking contest. Did you?
No, we do
Organizers of the world testicle cooking championships were left out of pocket after a hoaxer
claimed to be australia's top testicle cook I meant maybe they doesn't say where this
Takes place, does it? Oh, yeah, and Serbia
I mean claiming to be australian chief nibel beven
Called the world testicle cooking championships in Serbia asking to take part
Organizer groggy melanovic said they imported kangaroo testicles especially for the australian team
But nobody turned up he said the car told us cook kangaroo testicles were a popular delicacy in australia and give us the details of where we get kangaroo testicles
So we could have them ready when mr. Bolvn and his team arrived
We were disappointed when no australians arrived. We even had a hand ready to welcome them
Lubomar aerovich who arranged the VIP reception for mr. beven edit where sorry mr. beven couldn't make it
Hope he might still turn up next year once he realizes that jokers have been pretending to be him
We would like to compare the testicles of a kangaroo of those of wild boars and bulls
That would really make our unique competition of the world championships
Well lubomar I have one thing to say to you
Anybody's like running around comparing testicles. Oh, he's got a serious
Well, yeah, what catch my grip the serious thing drifting
All the while maybe they didn't find out if that that one is animal vegetable or mineral
You know that vegetables some of them have testicles? No, I didn't know that like maybe
Oprah Oprah. I think he's got testicles the federal government plans to begin doling out debit cards
We're two thousand dollars each to it all victims of hurricane Katrina the associated persons learned that thing about those
That that the guy and his two sons that were arrested in Atlanta that just frost my fat ass
I mean there isn't a single day that goes by here in Toronto that I will go out on the streets
And there's some guy holding up a sign or you know the panhandlers. It's very common here
It's really it's sad, but nevertheless that happens all the time you see it there. Are you kidding everywhere?
On desperate will work for food you know the whole routine and of course some of them are legitimate and some of them
But these guys wound up in Atlanta. They got there from New Orleans their desperate
They got nothing except the clothing under back and they throw their ass in jail because they're violating a city or an ins holding up
So signs
So that's a step up for them cracker. I mean that's true
Jail probably be a step up barber bush would say either
He smiles today, right bitch guy do we hate her or what?
Man is she a nasty. Oh just like the comment about the dead soldiers in Iraq
Why would I want to waste my beautiful mind thinking about things like that?
Don't confuse this bitch with the truth. Okay, that was your first lady
That was when we really it was with Reagan
We really started going on the crapper and we can thank Jimmy Carter when his opinion brother for that
Man he was European. Yeah, he was peon
In fact, every time Jimmy saw him he said oh boy. I hear you're a peon all over the place
The federal government plans to begin doling out debit for while when you when you got a beer named after you
Got it like tealot. What can I tell you? You know when you like guzzling by the 12 pack and the two pack
Can I read this or what they're just gonna keep like
Didn't run me down down that evil path you see this is the guy that everybody should be upset about his little George
He's the one that writes all those nasty bits of book right now. I call them into being
When you told me that I really had a chuckle you and I only wished that we had the the ingenuity the sick mind to write the kind of stuff that he does
Yeah, they put the fun in fundamentalist
I mean the lines that this man although cagey had a good one there about the the dolphins
Yes, he did they're only good for what they're like like a tampon. They're only good for one period
They only have one they have no second string. That was good. Nice going to our cage
He's probably been hanging out with poker brinely. He is brain is gonna turn to jello. It's gonna start rotten
Too late the federal government plans to begin doling out debit cards were two thousand dollars each through an outbreak
So Hurricane Katrina Homeland Security Department Secretary Mickey Churdoff described the plan the conference call would say the officials yesterday morning
The unprecedented cash card program initially will benefit stranded people who've been moved to major rescue centers
Such as the astronaut and the astronaut was under lockdown mode right now
But nobody still seems to know what that means. They're gonna start issuing debit cards
$2,000 per adult yesterday at the astronauts of Kathy Walt a spokesman for Texas governor Rick Perry
Although the latest I heard on that there was a totally disorganized and everybody's like you know
Wild about it and the total chaos the cards could be used to buy food transportation
Gas and other essentials according to a state official was on the call and requested anonymity because the program hasn't been publicly announced
The available money 13 billion dollars and all will be distributed from the federal disaster relief fund said
FEMA spokeswoman Natalie rule
She said FEMA was sending a registration centers and
Shelders in Houston and Dallas were evacuees could get the cards
FEMA is working the set of similar registration centers and shelters across the country
Evacuate. I'm not giving that number. I will have our people be calling that number to get cards
The cards will be issued on a one-for-house-old basis
Open only to victims who were forced from their homes during the hurricane and saftomanth as a safeguard against fraud
FEMA will be used aerial photographs to devastate areas to verify the refugees were indeed forced from their homes
In cases where they can't provide documents to prove their losses or identities. Oh boy
Oh wow. How do you how do you prove your loss at this at this stage of the game when 60% of the city still underwater?
How do you prove your loss?
We've got a huge population of people that have been evacuated with very little by way of positions
And we have to have a way to make sure these people can function rules said if there are those out there who are going to cheat the system
It's going to be very disappointing
But the main goal is to get the aid out and of course to grant that should really are these people who have no homes no clothing no one nothing
No part for your pair of tree. That should really be great. I mean it's a start
Assuming they can approve that their houses are completely destroyed or whatever and that they're are they are who they say they are see that roof there
That's mine
Oh boy Zine America baby. It's really kind of a scary. I think I think that series that part of nightmares is right
We got a lot to be scared of
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 QA
A Black people good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey standby for news
Andy Johnson from Chicago, Illinois went to Spain to attend a bullfight
Afterwards, he went to a nearby restaurant and ordered the specialty of the day
The waiter brought him two balls on a huge plate which the tourist ate with relish
The next day Andy goes to the same restaurant was again orders the specialty of the day and is brought to large balls on a huge plate
And it tastes scrumptious the third day Andy goes to the same restaurant and the fourth the same but on the fifth day
Andy goes to the restaurant and orders the specialty of the day and they bring him two very small balls on a giant plate
Andy says well what gives and the waiter says in your the bullfighter doesn't always win Paul Harvey
Good day. I thought that's fit him right what that story about the Austrian
Balls. Yeah, it's 1133. Oh, I never heard of putting relish on them 27 till noon at QAM. Try it right marine downrights haunted by hesitation
Everybody in this audience well, I mean except for those the small handful of people to the right of
Genghis Khan loves marine dog don't they yes? Well, we put our articles on our website which everyone gets on their including this one
The number of reads on there is just sensational fantastic
I'm sure that at least a bunch of people are going to go back and look at
Five will go back and look at that power of nightmares parts one two and three and sit there glued to their computer and watch all three parts from the BBC
That's where it's at man
They're lying through their teeth your country. I hate to raise an issue
Which is why you have two fixed elections back to back side by each it's been taken over by a bunch of right-wing lunatics
By a bunch of people to think that everybody is a pervert every everything is a
Immoral and the only way that we can bring morality back is by you know having the neo is con and part of their whole
Con by the way is the religion thing so it fits in like a like a rubber glove in your
meanness marine doubt says it took a while but the president finally figured out a response to the destruction of New Orleans
leader this week no point rushing things W is dispatching dick chaining to the rancid lake. There was once a romantic city
The vice presidents long and long last lumber back from Wyoming vacation and reportedly from shopping for a two point million
2.9 million dollar water from the state and state michael's a retreat in the sense of
He pay where rummy has a weekend home where wedding crashes was come them where rich lobbyist tunt
Maybe mr. Cheney is going down to New Orleans to hunt looters or to make sure that
Halliburton's look at her contract to rebuild the city is watertight or maybe since former senator John brove Louisiana
The scrab the shattered parish as bagged it under water the vice president plans to take his pal offments
Alibi and long for consultation and destroying minority rights
The water that breached in New Orleans levies unless a million people homeless and jobless is also breached the white house defenses
Reality is come flooding in since 9-11 the Bush administration has been remarkably successful at blowing off the reality
Base community as it derisively calls the press the reality base community
But now when w mr. Cheney lower rummy general Richard Myers Michael shirt off in the rest of the gang tell us everything's under control
Our cities are safe stay the course who believes them this time we can actually see bodies as the water
Received more and more decaying bodies will testify to the callous and stumble upon administration response to a between his route of
90,000 square miles of the south the Bush administration bugle the Iraq occupation
Ericomely throwing away state department occupation plans and CIA insurgency warnings
But the human total of those mistakes hasn't been as viscerally evident because the white house pulled a curtain over the bodies
The presidents avoided the funeral as soldiers and the Pentagon as censured the coffins of the day coming home
And never acknowledges the number of Iraqi civilians killed
But this time the bodies of those who might have been saved between monday and friday when the president failed to rush the necessary resources to a disaster that his own general describes as
Biblical or even sent in the 82nd airborne are floating up in front of our eyes
New Orleans literary lore and tourist lore was its fascination with the dead and undead its lavish annual Halloween party
It's famous above ground cemeteries. It's a love of vampires and voodoo in zombies
But now that city is decimated wreaking with unnecessary death and destruction the restless spirits of New Orleans will hunt the white house
The administration's foreign policy is entirely constructed around american self-love
The idea that the u.s. Is superior and that we're the model everyone looks up to that everyone in the world wants to have what we have
Well when people around the world look at Iraq they don't see freedom
They see chaos and sectarian hatred and when they look at the whirlings
They see glaring and competence and racial injustice where the rich white people were saved
And the poor black people were left to die hideous deaths. They see some conservatives blaming the poor for not saving themselves
So much for w's culture of life
The president won re-election because he said that the war in Iraq and homeland security department would make us safer
Hodge wash
W's 2004 convention was staged like the magnificent seven with the republican swaggering tough guys from woody julianna
Arnold Schwarzenegger to john McKean riding into save in empatel town
These were the steely eyed gunslingers. We needed to protect us
Not to assistify girly men democrats, but now it turns out that w can't save the town
Not even from hurricane damage that everyone's been predicting for years
Much less from unpredictable terrorists
His campaigns presented the arc of his life story is that of a man who stumbled around until he was 40
Then found himself and developed like a laser-like focus
But now that people of the world needs to need an arc
We have to question the president's arc
She says ark first in the arc
He's stumbling in a rack and he's stumbling on katrina
Let's play the blame game the man who benefited more than anyone in history from safety nets set up by family
Didn't bother to provide one for those who lost their families
How well she puts it uh safety nets provided by his family
Even though he was failed and everything he tried pretty hard to go to texas and fail in the world business
He did kind of hard to have somebody hand you a baseball team and fail in the a baseball major league baseball business. He did
At any rate
This this story will make your blood curl you're going to be so p.o
If you're going to because you said you didn't hurt this can't wait
Not long after some a thousand one thousand firefighters sat down for eight hours of training
The whispering began what are we doing here as New Orleans mayor rain nigg and pleaded on national television for firefighters
His own exhausted after working around the clock for a week a battalion of highly trained men and women set idle Sunday in a muggy
Sherwitt and hotel conference room in Atlanta many of the firefighters assembled from Utah and throughout the U.S
By the my FEMA thought they were going to be deployed as emergency workers instead
They've learned that they're going to be community relations officers for FEMA
Shuffle throughout the Gulf Coast region to disseminate flyers in a phone number
1 800 six to one FEMA on Monday some firefighters stuck in the staging area at the Sheraton peeled off their female issue shirts
Stuff them in backpack saying they refused they refused to represent the federal agency
Federal officials are on apologetic
I would go back and ask the firefighter to revisit his commitment to FEMA the firefighting in the citizens of this country said FEMA spokeswoman Mary Houdak Houdak
The firefighters released the fire chiefs to assign them to the come to Atlanta knew what the assignment would be Houdak said
The initial call to waxen very specifically says we're looking for two person fire teams to do community relations
She said so if there was a breakdown in communication it was likely in their own departments
One fire chief from Texas agreed that the call was clear to work as communications officers
But he wonders why the 1400 fire fighters FEMA attracted to Atlanta are being put to better use
He also questioned why the US Department of Homeland Security of which FEMA is a part hasn't responded better to the disaster
The firefighters several of whom are from Utah were told to bring back tax sleeping bags first aid kits and meals ready to weed
They were told to prepare for austere conditions
Many of them came with awkward fire gear and expected to wait in floodwater sift through rubble and save lives
They've got people here who are searching rescue certified
Paramedics has Matt certified said the Texas firefighter we're sitting in here having a sexual harassment class
Well, there's still our victims of Louisiana who haven't been contacted yet
The firefighter was encouraged to appear his back home not to send anymore volunteers for not a client to give his name
Because FEMA has warned them not to talk to reporters
On Monday two firefighters from South Jordan and two from late and hidden percent in Tony would help her a cane evacuees there
Four firefighters from Roy awaited their marching orders crossing their fingers that they would get to do rescue and recovery work
Rather than paperwork how do you like that they're sitting around pushing papers handing out fires here's the number to call have a nice day
Because this is meal Roger what the this is five six week to the
Yes
We're going to go to my amy has a dolphin still no worse football team absolutely there every gambler's nightmare
There every forty-three
Take dance for any touchdowns not even one field goal and when you say my amy
You're so come and toilet folder. There up Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league 32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Don't bet on them you'll always lose
The dolphins can't beat anyone can't even beat the spread. I wish that been somebody
Would come back from budget
Nick Saban makes some practice while he wears that stupid hat
Till end up like their last head coach that loser day one sat and there but Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league in 32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I missed on sugar how about you
Some dolphins are in trouble but lots of legal stripes
They're tied and like so workout by beating up his wife
Half the team are criminal the other half sun drugs and this is what will happen when you drapped up
A bunch of bugs and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
They really are a madly crew
But dolphins have no walking they've got no passing games
I've got just one suggestion they ought to change their name
To the Miami champions and why do such a thing
They're good for just one theory it and have no second string and they're the
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league
I don't know
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Again the fans begin to
But dolphins have no balls except the ones they're playing with
I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes on it
It doesn't matter if he never has another token
It seems that this team's played off dreams that all gone up this token
They're up
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number one
The hell
32
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Now they're through
I'm dying out of here
Well, I'm gonna still notice you I am we got 432 votes
We got a shout out 400 Josh
All right
And on a pool
What white man would you like to hang out with the most now
I'm not gonna hold on names in here because most of our male audience out there
Why be known as like hanging out with any white guys, you know
Black guys would be kind of cool, you know
But white guys that sounds kind of like gay
Bill Clinton 130
101
But 30 man
John Stuart 42 Jim managed 42 Neil Rogers 40
Hugh Hepner 28 George W. Bush 22
Suts Coleman 20 Michael Moore 17 Dan Merino 15
George Rodriguez 13 he knows where the good crap is outside of that
Yeah, actually Brad Pitt 11 right down the street corner by that barbershop
Grover all eight Tom Brady seven guilty five look at that Grover Dells right on Brad Pitt's ass
Gell D five Hank Goldberg the Humber five Sean Penn five
Bulk of Brian four you could rub his balls five
Peter North Peter North three you could rub his you could massage his ego
Yeah, if you're Rosenhouse three and we gave lazy is got three
Kid Rock has got a pair. I have no idea why
John Gruden to don't show it to Eminem to and Dave Matthews one
Well, not know why people want to hang out with Kid Rock is what makes me the crusty old fart that I am
I'm saying how to touch all I don't know either
Well and of course looking you you're out of touch also. What do you know about Kid Rock? I mean be said the facts
What are the songs?
Yeah, I've got a couple good songs but that doesn't make me want to hang out like what?
Oh, you know that one. Yeah, man. Yeah, man out of here he sucks
Now here for those of you are wondering about the incompetence and female although I probably see
I'm remiss I should take a lot of call here today although starting one day we're back to our five day a week
schedule yours truly that's bad. This summer just run by
Damn it and George did his usual sensational job by the way. That's what I'm hearing
Somebody said
Hey, Valley. Yes, sir
Okay
All right, Andy rescue dogs and he rescue dogs so we like him a lot and that's uh his it's his uh
Movement if I can say that
His overtures and statements that have inspired George and yours truly by way of that to uh do our thing with our best of the LCDs
We haven't come out in a couple of years with those and so we'd like to raise some money for that organization because you know
Everybody and their brothers raising money for the people which of course is the first priority obviously and we
Encourage that and hopefully the American Red Cross which we have their um link on our website
Hopefully this time on like after 9-11 won't hold back hundreds of millions of dollars that people are sending in saying
Oh, well, this is for fighting terrorism. Which is what they said before years ago. Yeah, that was a bad
So I was a little bit reluctant to put that on her
But but that's you know that's first and foremost as far as uh, we're there and I guess they'll be under a lot more scrutiny this time
Hopefully and we'll put the money out to people who needed instead of like saving it to fight the invisible
Terrorist empire out there the evil doers. I'm in a QA and hello
Hey, don't you know pretty good palmy? Hey, uh, you know
It was very interesting to you to send everybody's raising money for all the people supporting to uh barber push
You know, they're all gonna make out so much better this way. Oh, yeah, they're gonna be in heaven
Absolutely, I'm sending some minor old crap, you know one man's crap some other person's treasure right but uh, one for your pole Richard Branson
Yeah, and you could fly a virgin absolutely. Okay, have a great day now
You like you pal. I'll hit his airline with your Branson
But he's a very innovative guy, right? He's a clever kind of a guy, you know, he would probably pick up the check
Yeah, well, you can see the your choice either him or Jeff rumor
560
60 on the singular and Verizon wireless line hockey season the exhibition this season starts September 18. Oh, man
I bet you you're all pumped up about that George. You know it. Yeah, shoot out in the Stanley Cup playoff
There's your good buddy Joe Bowen talking about bunch of stuff. How's it going Joe? How's it going, eh?
Nobody QAM hello
I'm the Neil's in here. So give back and back to you. I had one for your pole. I hanging out with white guys. I'm a class Thomas
That's cute he was a yesterday's though
He was in his days pole a lot of guys like I hang out with him because they want to share he don't share though. I have
Branson you don't share
There we go
Supreme
And you know there's not some people's that daddy think just because I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college
Yeah, they weren't everybody enjoy
So guys I know remember we are
Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme court? Yeah, I got to mushy. Let's do this quick and get out of here
I want to see how straight when I stop reviewing the law. I don't just review the law
There we go
I've been talking right and I spoke into the
And I spoke into the west and I spoke it right I look up San Daniel kind of
I've been talking
I was
Jose Hamanis is going to be the one that the Bush the Bush Mike's is going to pay to fill in San
Daniel kind of that he's elevated John Roberts to be the Chief Justice the Chief Nazi you don't mean torture modded
Torture modded that's right and so now we get a torture on the supreme court. It'll be great. Oh, yeah
Zine America, baby. I'm singing old Canada WQA and hello. Yes. I want to get a poll go ahead
Thomas Rob the real white man
Thomas Rob
We'll go to Virginia
Is he related to Charlie that Charles Rob who's Thomas Rob?
Google it. You'll be surprised. Okay
Google Thomas Rob. What is he a clansman or something when he says a real white man? I get real nervous about that
Google is Thomas Rob our old BB. Got you. Google it right there. I'm a BB Rob. Oh, I get his Rob Thomas
Oh Rob Thomas. I don't want to hang out with him. Oh brother. In fact here that song one more time
I'd like to write something with the Santana Rob Thomas and Santana and don't tell me. Oh
God did I hate that thing what smooth as it was about a smooth as a frog's ass
Oh God did I hate that. Don't we have a we have a bit on it don't we? Yes, we did. It's called smooth. It is? Yeah
It's called smooth trust me. Get out of here
Yeah
Okay, but we better stop that right there
We'd have to join it first before we yeah kind of that now went about that's the real one
Oh, well, we don't want to hear that for sure
WQ I am hello
Yeah hang this hang 10 or just hang from a tree would be good
WQ I am hello
Kelly Slater number one put him on there all right Kelly Slater a little bit
Probably old and craggy by now I would think hey by the way you're fair. Kelly Slater
Now he was uh was he married to or just hanging it with your girlfriend there? Pamela. He was speaking to Canada
I only think she was married to a tummy leaf. Oh, no. No, I don't believe that so
I'll be right here
Slop it around she was slapping around with under surfboard. Yeah with Kelly Slater
Boy, you think that somebody looked like him on a lot better taste than that
Well, I was back in the day when she looked somewhat human even though even then you had this revulsion
Gustard. Yeah, grotesque and grossed out nauseated
Just the way there are some people who you know, even though they may be very good looking
You can overlook that
Before she started plasticking out
Right before she started like bursting at the seams
Like hiding in fact it didn't turn into a real a psychotic victim. I tell you one thing. She's no David Hasselhoff
Have you seen him lately?
No, yeah, you know what the most annoying people in the world but lately he parked up like a beach whale
This is me. There's very landed by the way. You go Mary. Look up
You
I'm from early on our
Latening and I like scrubbing my stomach really ass with soap made from jules and listening to the near
Hey, I'm gonna Easter hour
Good morning. I'm honored by the support of my fellow citizens
Whatever our past disagreements we share a common enemy her children and grandchildren
And together we will promote disease and hunger and poverty not just elementary schools
But the whole nation I will do all I can do to get rid of needless people
To make this nation stronger and better
We must continue charity and terror and we must take practical measures to encourage frivolous lawsuits
That are driving up the cost of health care and hurting doctors and patients
We will persevere until the enemy is defeated and our nation is safe from development and progress. Thank you for listening
We go
Get
sing
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name.
She's got a good name to talk
as if she's always right.
She produces hearts when she talks.
everybody says,n bells tonight.
she says, voyez we can jump, kojk.
And Jeff points and all the bad things in the world.
wow.
Well if we were to go back and essence my heart to i,
I get so sad, I'm a big man!
My breath voice, we have a son who is so dying, I'm a bad baby!
Body terrible tonight!
I said it while I got my phone running on it, do I know my crap or what?
Remember the guy called in there, redneck he sounded guy and said Thomas Robb,
we all said, well who that?
Yeah.
And then, Josh did his usual mediocre job of googling it.
What did I say?
What did I say?
I'm, what did I say though?
I don't know, I was ignoring you.
I said it sounded like probably some based on the soul of the voice.
Right.
So I googled it and I found out Thomas Robb has an ordained Baptist minister born in Detroit,
later moved to Tucson, Arizona with his family when he was a young man.
Thomas Robb became actively political when he was 17 years old, speaking out against
communism.
He began publishing his own newspaper when he was 19 called The Torch, which he still
publishes today.
After graduating with a bachelor theology degree here in his doctorate under private tutelage,
Mr. Robb and his life Muriel, who makes a hell of a cigar by the way, and they should have
removed the Harrison Arkansas, a friendly place centered located in the heartland of America.
Y'all, Mr. Robb has been a powerful spokesman for the past 30 years.
Lost third man.
A white rights movement.
He's been featured in newspapers, y'all, y'all, y'all, the history channel, and so on.
And Newsweek Magazine wrote, his tactics appear to be affected.
In Montgomery, Alabama, Clan Watch believes Robb has led the most successful recruiting
drives since David Duke.
In the London Sunday Times, they wrote an accomplished and charismatic speaker, Robb is
be by civil rights experts, is the most dangerous of the new breed of white supremacists because
of his communication skills, political ambitions, and his impressive ability to coax the underlying
message of hatred and intolerance in an evocular garb of reason and logic.
Then Lebedtas, the set of a Democratic Reno-Landlander, Joe, just said, Robb is a master of medium
manipulation.
He's constructed a well-crafted and successful marketing strategy for the Clan.
And Dr. Ed Field, publisher and editor of the Truth and Last Newspaper, said, today
there were numerous Clan groups, some only existing in single communities, other state
water operating in several states.
There is one Clan leader who has built a true national Clan organization.
This is Pastor Tom Robb.
Today he carries on more widespread activity than any other Clan leader we know of.
Robb is an excellent speaker and leader.
He is a true man of God.
We hold ourthis is the truth at lastwho will hold hard to lay undeservedlyendur his
pastor Robb.
Oh, brother.
There you go.
For white Christians, that's what he devotes his life to.
Travels all over America, speaking up for the right towhite Christians of life.
What do I say?
I'm not a shy lot of Coleman's, but man, I put the pieces of that puzzle together real
faster.
Or what?
Even though I know nothing, I'll take that right up front.
I don't know squad.
I do know that this Sunday, the real dolphins pregame show with the Mad Dog premieres
live from the El Palacio Sports Hotel, corner county line university.
We don't have two gods.
We couldn't afford him.
But we got the Mad Dog and some real broadcasters.
Listen all day long to when pastors to see the Mad Dog and attend the Picardi.
VIP tailgate party.
All over the throwback of huge green lizards with the Mad Dog.
Tiny, can.
Well, or those two.
Although, well, we're not going to tell him what kind of bearded rank like the did channel
ten he might walk out.
High squad air Mad Dog.
See, there's a guy with balls.
Now, let me tell you if you're wondering how come they mungered it so badly, Mickey Bramie
and the Brownie?
Hound.
Yeah.
The three top jobs at FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency under President Bush,
went to the political cronies with no apparent experience coping with catastrophes, says
the New York Daily News.
Even if Bush would have fired and battled in suddenly invisible FEMA director Michael Brown
over his handling of Hurricane Katrina, the bureaucrat immediately below him is no disaster
professional either.
While Brown ran horse shows in his last private sector job, FEMA's number two man deputy director
and chief of staff Patrick Road was an advance man for the Bush Channing campaign in White
House.
He also did short stints at the Commerce Department and small business administration, the SBA.
Road's biography posted on FEMA's website doesn't indicate he has any real experience
in emergency response.
In addition, the agency's former third ranking official deputy chief of staff Scott Morris
was a PR expert who worked for Maverick Media, the Texas outfit that produced TV and radio
spots for the Bush Channing campaign.
In June, Morris moved to Florida to become FEMA's long-term recovery director so good luck
to you folks.
The Bush administration has apparently transformed FEMA from a professional world-class emergency
responder into a dumping ground for former campaign staff and political hacks that
representative Carolyn Maloney.
FEMA also was hampered by several media evil and regional director jobs, or just a media
evil one.
That was a slip of the tongue but appropriate.
Middle-level and regional directors jobs currently held by acting directors.
Just like our military, FEMA should be immune to this kind of political staffing.
It should be run by career emergency response professionals Maloney be saying.
Traditionally, the Commerce and Labor departments have long been Washington's dumping ground
for presidential pals and campaign operatives, not the disaster relief agency.
Government sources blame Bush's first FEMA director Joe Alba with turning FEMA into
a paint-fingred shop.
I got a rich story about him too a little later.
He's making money.
He's making hay off of this disaster.
Alba was chief of staff and Bush was Texas governor.
Later head of the 2000 Bush Channing campaign, he stacked the deck with political appointees,
an eligible source set of Alba, who had a reputation for running an efficient FEMA operation
until he left the job.
March 2003.
Like I said before, downtown Mickey Brown, Brownie, whatever you call him, as in LeBastered,
he was Bush's roommate in school.
I like that.
Is it Bunk Buddy?
His Bunk Buddy, yeah.
That's why you see all this bunk in the name of action.
I'm going to tell you Senator Mary Landrow, which came right in the middle of the break
when they were showing a clip of her in the Senate.
She ripped Bush and the median asked the likes of what you have never seen that size.
Even Oprah don't have an ass that big.
Even Moe Vaughan don't have an ass, I'm trying to think anybody.
Even Mickey Lowloos didn't have an ass that size.
Even Tudrod Riggas when he was doing Roards didn't have an ass like that.
Notice how he lost 600 pounds when he stopped taking Roards?
Yeah, he's about my size now.
Yeah, he's like, no, actually he's like, about Mickey, he's a man he bell size.
Yeah, he's like the shrinking invisible catcher.
Hey, you stopped eating McDonald's.
Come on.
Yeah, that must be it.
Oh, and by the way, if there's a movie you don't want to see, it's that, what's the name
of it again?
Super sour.
Oh, what a sour.
All these documentaries, most of them are so very good, including that power of nightmares,
which I really wish a lot of you would watch here.
It's on our website, parts 1, 2, and 3, one of those, praise.
But first of all, the whole premise of it was so ignorant to begin with is if it's
some great surprise, it's like if you ate a gallon of ice cream everyday and that's all
you ate.
Oh, you're going to get sick and you're going to die.
What a shock.
Well, I'm working on it.
What a shock.
No ice cream yesterday.
Good.
Thank God.
That's why it sounds so good today.
See, and now, it's good that I'm going back in the five of days, five a week, whatever
that is, because this schedule now gives me a chance to screw around because like now
until Monday, I got no shock.
I got a four day holiday again.
But I'm not going to do it because I got to give myself into working shape.
I got to go into training.
Now, what was I just saying about Mary Landry?
Oh, yeah, she was great.
I wish to help.
I'm about to try it again.
Huh?
Something about her ass.
And right then, I'm going to make your major ass and rightfully so and about FEMA, not
knowing about those 20,000 people in the convention center until Thursday afternoon.
Michael Churdov, she had a bit of fire right there in the spot.
That's funny.
Yeah.
He should have been fired right there in the spot.
How could anybody, even, I mean, you know, does anybody there, FEMA have a TV set?
No.
God.
Well, they probably had the game on.
Now, what game is that?
The game of the day.
Any game that's being played at the moment?
Oh, brother.
Or maybe just war games.
Maybe they're planning for Iran next or whatever it might be.
Or maybe a Iran might take a few too many troops who are kind of tied up in Iraq nowadays.
How about library?
A public identity corner, huh?
They can't fight back to New Jersey.
Or maybe we'll just go into Haiti, kind of straighten that mess off that we left there.
I doubt it.
In fact, what New Orleans is right now is probably very much like parts of Haiti, wouldn't
you think?
Sure.
They got the voodoo.
You know, they got the, and Haiti, they got the voodoo in New Orleans.
They got the doodoo.
What white man would you like to hang out with the most?
That's our poll question.
We got 480 votes.
We got to shout out 500, just courtists.
How do you like that?
No problem.
You, you have little faith.
500 votes during the show.
That would be massive and vivid.
It would be gigantic.
It would be like oozing pus.
Like what's coming up at two.
Bill Clinton 146.
Jim Manage 48.
John Stuart 143.
Neil Rogers 141.
Two half-ner 36.
George W. 26.
Suss Coleman 20.
Michael Moore 19.
Jorge Rodriguez 17.
Danny Boymerino 16.
You'll have to get your way, a call your way over at Pope first.
He's got Dives on Danny Boy.
For petrily.
Brad Pitt 13.
Gorbid Al 9.
Hey Gorr.
You fairy.
Hey Golberg 7.
Tom Brady 7.
Gildey, look at that.
Hank is tied with Tom Brady.
I like you a lot, Hank.
You're a great guy.
But if I had to choose, Gildey 6.
Sean Penn 6.
Vokobrine 5.
Don Shulafur and Rique Glacias has got 4.
Dave Matthews 3.
Kid Rock has got 3.
Peter North 3.
Drew Rosenhaus 3.
Joe Souter Peter North.
That's where Joe Souter's black.
John Gruden 2.
M. M. 2.
And Kelly Slater and Matthew McGonaghey are tied.
They both got the big.
Although, Pope is going to have a big old myself.
I'd rather have a Kelly Slater quite frankly.
Haven't seen what he looks like lately, but probably not too good.
Who Kelly was a little bit burned down.
He probably got that leather from all that sun, the surfer.
I think it kind of leathery, like Ron D.
And the Sun Friedly.
Hey, if you're looking at him here in the mirror,
and wondering where the hair went, and you don't have no mole,
well, here's the answer to you.
And that's called my good buddy Chuck Alfie Erie.
Charlie's been helping everybody.
Guys with loads of money.
And guys that were not too much money.
And everybody in between, because no matter how much you got,
you can't get a better looking head to hair than the one
you get the natural hairline system from Charles Alfie Erie.
For over 30 long, excruciating years.
About 30 men.
Charlie's been helping guys look their best.
Don't forget now, the most critical area of any hair system
is the hairline.
And Charlie's new skin-like natural hair system is 100%.
On detectable.
Looks like the real thing, like hair growing out of your scalp,
as opposed to all the rest of the alternatives,
which you know how grotesque and humorous those are.
And Charlie's work is guaranteed.
Like I always tell you, and I've been telling you for many years now,
you have nothing to lose but that shiny, ugly bald spot
that makes you look about 20 years older than you really are.
You try Charlie's system for a month, for about 30 days.
About 30 men.
After a month of hair look fantastic.
If you don't love the way you look and feel,
if you're not getting caught and caught at and doing all kinds of stuff,
return it for a full refund.
So like I said, nothing to lose at all.
Make the call today, tool free, and tell Charlie
you heard about it here on the Near Rogers,
show me your summer special QIM-200 out of this
got off the regular $800 price of the natural hairline system.
Here's that number.
It's 1-800-321.
24-13.
1-800-321.
24-13.
Or you can get more info on the Wicked Web by
chick by logonandocharlsalfiary.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'62-8."
Luis Miguel, play it, baby.
You fairy.
worship Lord the city of New Orleans.
Absolutely.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Stubbs the people in the astridome like cattle.
While half a national guard was in Iraq.
He cut funding for their levees, looted scalds andarchy.
In a room bow we made a bigger deal.
Inserts for Natalie Holloway for one white girl we drained a lake.
And even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was a case in the Indian Crawford.
I guess next year there will be no money ground.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film to Florida.
I'm dying out of here.
20 past noons at 560 WNQ.
Anyway, here's that article I was telling you about Jim Loeb who writes for alternate.
Leo Strauss is philosophy of deception.
Now probably everybody at this point is going to tune out.
Leo Strauss, why do we hear about him?
Who the hell is that?
Has he made those Levi's?
Remember Levi Strauss?
Yeah, more in some of them.
No, different guy.
But this is what's taken over your country.
And like that power of nightmare says there's really two basic forces in the world right now that are war with each other.
And that is the Neocons and the Islamist fanatics, the Islamic Jihadists.
Yeah, with us in the middle.
And Al-Resea, we're stuck in the middle with you.
With Jews.
Remember that song stuck in the middle with Jews?
Yeah, play it.
That's a KJ bit.
Oh, I better not play that.
Why?
I don't know.
Well, stuck in the temple with Jews.
What'd you think?
Oh, who?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
But I don't know why I came here tonight.
I got the feeling that something arrived.
Put on a armor curtain.
Don't take it off.
If you see your rabbi say, Mazotal.
Shmups to the left and knees.
Puts us to the right.
Here I am.
Stuck in the temple with you.
Oh, who?
And the school.
And the school.
Okay, it's not over there.
That's great.
What would you do if you wanted to topple Saddam Hussein,
but your intelligence agencies couldn't find the evidence
to justify a war?
A follower of Leo Strauss may just have the right kind of men
to get the job done.
People with the intellect, acuity, and if necessary,
the political commitment,
polemical skills, and above all the imagination to find the evidence
that career intelligence officers couldn't detect.
The right man, for deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz,
would suggest see more hers in his right way.
Let me say it again.
In his recent New York article entitled Selective Intelligence,
was Abram Shulski, director of the Office of Special Plans,
OSP, an agency created specifically to find the evidence
of WMDs and or links with Al-Qaeda,
piece it together and clinched the case with the invasion of Iraq.
Like Wolfowitz, Shulski is a student of an obscure German Jewish
political philosopher named Leo Strauss, who arrived in the US in 1938.
Strauss taught at several major universities, including Wolfowitz
and Shulski's alma mater of the University of Chicago,
before his death in 1973.
Strauss is a popular figure among the Neocons,
and herein to his ideas include prominent figures both within
and outside the administration, they include
Wichli Standard Editor William Crystal,
his father and indeed the godfather of the Neocon movement,
Irving Crystal, the new Undersecretary Defense
for Intelligence Stephen Campbell, a number of senior fellows
at the American Enterprise Institute, home-to-former defense policy chairman,
board chairman Richard Purl and Lynn Cheney, and Gary Schmidt,
director of the influential project for the New American Century,
Pnec, which is shared by Crystal the Younger.
Pnec, keep it in your mind, okay?
Keep standing to yourself over and over again.
Go online, when did Dow check it out,
project for the New American Century, Pnec,
and read about their plans to invade Iraq long before 9-11,
and how they needed an event, kind of like a Pearl Harbor event,
to let the public, make the public willing to let it happen.
I just insert that myself.
Strauss's philosophy is hardly incidental to the strategy
and mindset adopted by these men,
as is obvious in Shulski's 1999 essay titled,
Leo Strauss and the World of Intelligence.
As Hirsch notes in his article,
Shulski and his co-authors Schmidt criticized America's intelligence community
for its failure to appreciate the duplicitous nature of the regimes it deals with,
its susceptibility of social science notions of proof,
and its inability to cope with deliberate concealment.
They argue that Strauss's idea of hidden meaning alerts one of the possibilities
that political life may be closely linked to deception.
Indeed, it suggests that deception is the norm in political life
and the hope to say nothing of expectation of establishing a politics that can dispense with it as the exception.
It's hardly surprising that my Strauss is so popular in the administration obsessed with secrecy,
especially when it comes to matters of foreign policy.
Not only did Strauss have few qualms about using deception in politics,
he sought as a necessity,
while professing deep respect for American democracy,
Strauss believed that society should be hierarchical,
divided between an elite who should lead,
and the masses who should follow.
But unlike a fellow elite who is like Plato,
it was less concerned with a moral character of those leaders.
According to Shadiya Dhruri, who teaches politics at the University of Calgary,
Strauss believed that those who are fit to rule are those who realize there is no morality,
and that there's only one natural right,
the right of a superior to rule over the inferior.
This dichotomy requires perpetual deception between the rulers and the rule according to Dhruri.
Robert Locke, another Strauss analyst, says,
that people are told what they need no and no more.
While the elite, who are capable of absorbing the absence of any moral truth,
Strauss thought the masses couldn't cope.
If exposed to the absence of absolute truth,
they would quickly fall into nihilism or energy according to Dhruri,
author of Leo Strauss and the American right.
According to Dhruri, Strauss had a huge contempt for secular democracy.
Naziism, he believed, was a nihilistic reaction to the irreligious and liberal nature of the Weimar Republic.
Among other neo-conservatives, Irving Crystal has long argued for a much greater role for religion in the public sphere,
even suggesting that the founding fathers of the American Republic made a major mistake
by insisting on separation of church and state.
And why? Because Strauss viewed religion as absolutely essential
in order to impose more law on the masses of otherwise would be out of control.
At the same time, he stressed that religion was for the masses alone,
the rulers need not be bound by it.
Indeed, it would be absurd if they were since the truth proclaimed by religion where a pious fraud.
As Ronald Bailey, sounds corresponding for reason magazine, points out,
neo-conservatives are pro-religion even though they themselves may not be believers.
Secular society in their view is the worst possible thing for a recess,
because it leads to individualism, liberalism and relativism,
precisely those traits that may promote dissent that in turn could dangerously weaken society's ability to cope with external threats.
Bailey argues that it is this firm belief in the political utility of religion as an opiate of the masses
that helps explain why secular Jews like Crystal and commentary magazine
and other neo-conjournalists have allied themselves with the Christian right
and even taken on Darwin's theory of evolution.
Like Thomas Hobbs, Strauss believed that the inherently aggressive nature of human beings
could only be restrained by a powerful, nationalistic state.
Because mankind is intrinsically wicked, he has to be governed, he once wrote,
such governance can only be established over when men are united
and they can only be united against other people.
Not surprisingly, Strauss' attitude to a foreign policy was distinctly Macavellian.
Strauss thinks that a political order can be stable only if it's united by an external threat,
who are we wrote in her book, following Macavelli,
he maintained that if no external threat exists, then one has to be manufactured.
Perpetual war, not perpetual peace, is what Straussians believe in, said, Rory.
The idea easily translates into, in her words, an aggressive, belligerent foreign policy
of the kind that's been advocated by neo-con groups like Peanak and AEI scholars
not to mention wolf of what other administration hawks who have called for a world order
dominated by US military power.
Strauss' neo-conservative students see foreign policy as a means to fulfill a national destiny
as Irving Crystal defined it in 1983 that goes far beyond the narrow confines of a myopic national security.
As to what a Straussian world order might look like, the analogy was best captured by the philosopher himself
and one of his and student Alan Boomb's many illusions to Galover's travels.
In Jury's words, when Littlefoot was on fire, Galover urinated over the city, including the palace.
In so doing, he saved all Littlefoot from catastrophe, but the Littlepussians were outraged and appalled by such a show of disrespect.
The image encapsulates the neo-conservative vision of the US relationship with the rest of the world
as well as the relationship between their relationship as they were willing to meet with the masses.
They really have no use for liberalism and democracy, but they're conquering the world in the name of liberalism and democracy, for which they are.
Bunch of phonies, not a bunch of liars, a bunch of lunatics, a bunch of crazy people.
Crazy people, I can puke.
Yeah, I'd say like that.
Oh, chilly.
Leo Strauss.
I guarantee it, more people know Levi Strauss than Leo Strauss.
I still like his music though.
Like his genes.
28 pass known at 5.60 Wattie Q.A.M.
I like to watch poor people die, especially if they're not glad.
Bring over not to go.
Keep the government calm.
Go some dancing with the devil.
I'm not a living, all you church.
But I was so concerned that I could have got off my ass and alerted Noria when I was dancing with the devil.
This is the tension with the devil.
This is the tension with the devil.
Yeah, I've shaken the faith.
We do the Watt-Dushy.
We're not the tension with the devil.
Okay.
Go.
Go.
Go.
I'm really, really, pretty fortunate to use what the help of Karen Eug.
Yeah, I'm always doing this sheet that you'll ever need.
So I'm panning with the devil.
Look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that.
That's a danger she would.
It's a devil.
Look at that.
It's a danger she would be with the devil.
Yeah, I'm a king of fools.
I got nothing to lose long as I'm panning with the devil.
Look at that.
I'm not my eyes are pointing.
I can't stop my eyes.
I'm a little bit flinging.
Stop it.
I'm not looking.
I'm a little surprised to send to the president.
Next time we have another natural disaster.
Abu Ghair, Radio.
From 34th, speaking of that, speaking of criminals.
So I'm going to let it get up down.
Thank you very much.
We welcome a dick jay.
That article that I just read the Ostrash by Jim Loob.
Yeah.
We have that on our website or not.
Originally was written in May 19th 2003,
but we printed two days ago on AultrNet.org.
Did we have that or not, Josh?
I'm pretty sure if he's sent it to me, it's up there.
No, no, I don't think I sent it to you.
That's what I'm saying.
No, it's not up there.
Don't get defensive now.
I'm not starting all defensive.
If you sent it to me, I'll put it, you know,
it's not very defensive, huh?
Not me.
So I just emailed it to you again.
You can put it on either for today or tomorrow.
Because I think there are probably some people
want to like read it, print it out, make eight million
flyers of it and you know, put it up on trees
and place it up in classrooms, things like that.
Because in order to understand what that was really going on
in the US and in the world today and how we got to where we are,
you have to understand Leo Strauss who he was and who these
wolf, the wits and pearl and rum strul all these other crazy people
are who have put us in the pickle that we are right now.
So keep in mind.
What did go ahead?
He said a lot of stuff that we already knew,
but it was nice to have it confirmed, you know.
Yeah, I have a year and a half.
They're not really religious.
You know all about Leo Strauss?
No, I don't know about Leo Strauss.
But this is where it came from.
This is the idea of where the roots were, you know,
not roots but roots.
It's obvious they don't really believe in you that religious hookum.
Right.
But they don't.
Well, how could anybody?
Let's see, just tune in from Chicago says Brian on the net and listen to some
Mimie sports talk on there.
Oh, listen to that.
I can love it.
This is really cute.
To try to listen to some sports talk on a hurricane.
Well, guess what?
You're talking about the wrong hurricanes you jackass.
You know what?
You're an imbecile.
Instead I get near-ribered, you're spewing some liberal bleeding heart
political agenda.
What gives?
And not sports related.
Thank God for that.
Does anyone interested in sports want to tune to a sports station
for biased left-wing conspiracy theories?
Get a freaking clue, people.
Well, that's why we've been number one for how many years in town?
About 30 minutes.
You idiot.
Brian, stuck there in liberal Chicago.
Well, you must really be a self-hating man.
You're just surrounded by all those liberals there in Chicago.
I hope you're daily ferrets your ass out.
And send you to.
Abu Gar-Rab with your ass in the shape.
Idiot.
Tune in to give some sports.
Yeah, all right.
The problem out there.
All right, okay.
Well, guess what?
They played a crappy game.
They lost 10 to 7.
That's all it needs to be said.
Bapapapapa.
You know, that's one of the reasons that sports talk is so important.
The same old tired swill over and over again.
Let's see.
Here's one that says the fact says, I swear I just heard this live on CNN during interview
with the Ducanianly Disaster Zone.
A passive vial, go after yourself, Mr. Cheney.
Go after yourself, I was loud and clear on live TV to which I say.
Oh, yeah.
And send you up there in Chicago, Brian.
I'll take it back because he don't have the equipment to do it.
The interviewer said, Mr. Vice President, are you getting a lot of that?
Mr. Cheney said, that's the first time I've heard it.
I love live TV.
And by the way, George Bush doesn't care about black people.
How do you like that?
I'm sure what Cheney meant is that's the first time he's heard it said to him.
Not the other way.
Oh, I'm sure it's not.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
I think practically he probably told him that a couple of times.
After he told it to him first.
Remember that?
I do.
Yeah.
But old Pies Dick Cheney, baby, folly below him, one of the biggest crooks ever to come down the pike.
That's with a pee.
Gay right supporter, this will make Brian happy in Chicago, that the arrow is going to veto that bill in California.
Gay right supporters cheered loudly from the Galleries.
California lawmakers became the first of the country to approve a bill allowing same-sex marriages.
But their celebration may be short-lived.
Or is that short-lived?
Shirt-lived.
May I see you, Anida?
The legislature will be vetoed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, who has expressed an acceptance of gay marriages.
But said it's an issue that should be decided by voters of the courts.
He will uphold whatever the courts decides, both from the Margaret Rita Thompson said Tuesday.
After the State Assembly approved the same-sex marriage measure, 41-35.
The Senate had approved it last week.
A state of public court is considering appeals of lower court ruling that overturned California laws banning recognition of gay marriages.
And opponents of same-sex marriage are trying to qualify initiatives for the 2006 ballot that would amend the state constitution to ban those gay marriages.
The bill's supporters compared the legislation to earlier civil rights campaigns, including efforts to eradicate slavery and give women a right to vote.
Do what we know is in our hearts, said the bill's sponsor, San Francisco Democrat Mark Leno, or is that Jay Leno?
Make sure all California families will have the same protection under the law.
But opponents repeatedly said that the public's vote five years ago to prohibit or to approve Prop 22, which prohibits California from recognizing same-sex marriages performed in other states and countries.
And that's the issue that Arnold is going to veto the bill, even though, of course, he's very broad-minded.
White broad-minded.
You do understand.
I do.
Sorry for spying all his liberal propaganda, by the way.
There you are.
What was it that the guy said that one day when the SWAT team member killed at the...
He was a drug dealer.
What do you call me?
A left-wing spin-mice.
He killed my three-year-olds.
Yeah, well, spin this, okay?
You joked it.
Oh, I got that.
Hope you're really proud of the fact that you went in there and killed some really hardened drug guy.
23-year-old guy.
Good guy.
Anthony.
Whatever is life.
We couldn't dilute the law.
Whatever is life's thing.
Guy, it's a while out.
Well, let me get a difference now, I guess.
That's America for you, baby.
We gotta get those pot smokers.
He was a drug dealer.
He had a freaking scale.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 acres.
Oh, can it burn?
Our home and me, the bread.
High-poss and speed.
Will not you and your hand.
Welcome.
In the shadow of the fire,
As we change our fantasy.
Italy, the church, and the 42.
The good old guy, you'll see.
Oh.
The days are free.
Curious and free.
Oh, can it burn?
Please let us go to me.
You're fairly.
Oh, can it burn?
Please let us go to me.
Well, 45 at 5.60 WQ AM.
I just looked at it fast again.
It wasn't from anybody in Chicago.
That was a fake facts.
Usually.
Yeah, because a 305 number on it.
You're phoning number.
It scribbled out.
305.
Last time I checked 305 in Chicago.
In addition to which,
that was from all your friends across the street
over there at the ticket.
Probably Joel Feinberg tried to get even for the fact
that we outed him about that call to drink,
read about the, be sure, and low-balled Kim Bo-Kamper.
I wouldn't be surprised if Kim's already been over there
and peed all over her Joel Feinberg's head.
Somebody's been low-balled before too.
Yeah, I wouldn't surprise me.
Probably by Mandy Bell.
But at any rate, that's what that was.
Oh, yeah, we're going to get him.
We're going to show you guys talking about the hurricane.
Oh, guess what?
It's Thursday.
Kim was on Monday night last Thursday.
I heard.
Wasn't it getting Monday night?
Yes, they lost 10 to 7 in town.
I asked you.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's what we heard.
Old news, stale.
We're really sorry for a Joel.
Other than Joel Rose,
you couldn't find any real broadcasts to put on a year.
That's really sad.
No, you got to do that.
That lab bastard.
Anyway, Craig, I have this huge pile here.
And I told you that before.
And you're going to be a ramble of...
You're going to be a drone race.
God, you're the Red Blin men.
Carl Abinion writes,
the unfeeling president should be held on a countable.
Not that I want to ram a lot of them.
It's like a left-wing spin-meister.
The novelist, EL Doctorow once said,
a George W. Bush, he's the president who doesn't feel.
He doesn't feel for the families of the dead.
He doesn't feel for the 35 million of us who live in poverty.
Bush is disconnect from normal human feeling.
His general lack of seriousness and abysmal leadership skills
have always been evident.
His response to the recent hurricane has only highlighted them.
What are the consequences of our failure to hold Bush accountable?
Bush's demeanor has been eerily upbeat.
There's thousands of corpses floating through streets of New Orleans.
He said to one recent speech,
the good news is,
and it's hard for some to see it now,
that all of this chaos has been to come a fantastic Gulf Coast,
like it was before.
Out of the rubble of Trent Laugh's house,
he's lost his entire house.
There's going to be a fantastic house,
and I'm looking forward to sitting on the porch.
The emotional disconnect runs in the family.
After viewing hurricane evacuaries at the Houston Asteroom,
and the president's mother, Barbara Bush said,
so many of the people in New Orleans here,
you know, were underprivileged anyway,
so this is working very well for them.
If any of us ever doubted that empathy and mature seriousness
are necessary character traits in a political leader,
viewed out at now.
Bush's response to Hurricane Katrina,
and expected a promptly adherocane victims contributed to thousands,
possibly as many as 10,000 needless deaths.
This could be described as criminal negligence or murder-bina-glect.
The human suffering has been ghastly.
One newspaper quoted Robert Lewis, a hurricane victim who was bused to Texas,
that were bodies floating past my door.
We were like on an island.
We did the best we could.
We were just like zombies walking around at night.
The same paper reported at least a thousand corpses,
somebody eaten by rats, are floating through the city's brown streets.
People are killing themselves in despair.
In at least one of the city's evacuation shelters,
people were murdered and raped, including one child.
Tens of thousands of the first days among raw sewage
and suffocating heat with virtually no food and water,
and no help from government officials.
While the suffering went on, Bush made one flip into the mark
after another and did light-hearted photo ops.
He fell back on Karl Rove inspired spin,
warning that his critics should avoid politicizing the Hurricane tragedy,
as if covering his own tracks or his primary concern.
Much of the misery and death was preventable.
Articles in the New Orleans Times, Picki Unrevealed,
a bush-cut funding for the Army Corps of Engineers' projects
to strengthen and raise New Orleans levies,
despite the papers repeated warnings
that disastrous flooding was certain to occur.
The paper reported it was a matter of when,
not if levy improvement would be needed.
The Times Picki Unreported June 8, 2004.
It appears that the money for the levies had been moved
in the President's budget to handle homeland security
in the war in Iraq.
Bush also undercut the authority of FEMA
by shifting it into the Department of Homeland Security,
thereby weakening its effectiveness
and preventing catastrophic hurricane damage.
Despite these facts, the administration's spin has been
if they couldn't have done anything in advance
that might have helped alleviate the massive loss of life.
The spin has also been that the President will later conduct
his own investigation to determine what wrong,
what wrong, is if the above information word
already widely known.
We don't need further investigation to show
that Bush bears responsibility.
For the first two days in the crisis,
Bush piddled around his ranch.
He gave a speech comparing the Iraq word to WWII
and laughed while playing guitar with the country singer.
He gave out silly, out of touch speeches,
saying that one press conference on the 4th day after the flooding began.
Hopefully most people have gotten themselves out of roofs
and have been picked up, but as I said,
rather than give you a guestimate, I can tell you that as long as
there's someone on the roof waving a flag,
we're going to be sending a helicopter out there to get them.
All Americans who voted for Bush and those in Congress
and mainstream media who placed confidence in his leadership
should remember this fact.
The signs were there all along that this man
didn't have the mental acumen or depth needed to lead the country.
People laugh when warned that Bush would only serve as an
ill-informed figurehead delegating all responsibility
to others. It turns out the President isn't even good at delegating,
considering, for example, the performance of his delegated head of FEMA.
Many media punts insisted Bush's ludicrous nature and
incurious nature and figured to read widely or reflect deeply
wouldn't be necessary in the President.
However, a veteran formed more thoughtfully
there might have had the disaster heated the disaster warnings
and acted quickly to save thousands of lives.
As he outdoctor wrote, the President we get is the country we get.
With each President, the nation is conformed spiritually.
He's the artificer of our Magiable National Soul.
He proposes not only the laws but the kind of lawlessness
that govern our lives and evoke our responses.
This President doesn't know what death is. He hasn't got the mind for it.
You see him joking with the press, peering under the table for weapons of mass destruction.
He can't seem to find. You see him in rallies strutting up to the stage in
shirt sleeves to the roar of carefully screened crowds smiling and waving
frownfully, he-man. He doesn't mourn. He doesn't understand why he should mourn.
To mourn is to express regret and he regrets nothing.
He doesn't regret that rather than controlling terrorism, his war in Iraq has licensed it.
So he never mourns for the dead and crippled youngsters who have fought his war of his choice.
He cannot mourn but is a figure of such moral vacancy as to make us mourn for ourselves.
As we mourn the unnecessary death brought on by Bush's Iraq war and the preventable deaths caused by the recent hurricane,
we need to remember that far too long Americans coddled and enabled this unfeeling emotionally disconnected light weight and competent President.
The blood on his hands is also on the hands of any people who knew what he wasn't supported him anyway,
and no amount of Karl Roves spin or Republican talking points can change that reality.
Bush supporters say now as they've said since Bush first seized office that their critics should be silent.
They say now isn't the time to address the Bush administration's misconduct regarding that hurricane.
Would this be a bad time to bring up the fact that the majority of Hurricane Katrina's victims were African Americans who were living in poverty?
Martin Luther King said in his letter from the Birmingham City jail,
we will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people,
but for the appalling silence of good people.
Knowing what we know about Bush's character and failed leadership, silence would again be an appalling option.
Thousands of lives might have been saved if we'd held this unfeeling tragically in that present accountable a long ago.
And you are.
That's the only correct thing.
This is the more right-winged spin for you, okay?
For Joel Feinberg and all losers over there and at the whatever the thing is.
Oh, is it the buzz?
I thought it was something else.
No, the spin.
Oh, right.
It's a left wing spin master here on QAM.
Now this story here and the anasterole was still in lockdown mode.
And this is what they're wanting to get.
These American Red Cross debit cards.
We understand that the American Red Cross is offering somewhere between $350 up to two.
It's a Chase Mastercard, by the way.
Family, but you've got to get in line to get these debit cards and you have to also prove that you are indeed an evacuee from the New Orleans area.
But those lines are incredibly long.
We want to show you some video tape of that.
Take a look at this.
There's both have been out here standing in line since five o'clock local times this morning.
And actually there are two separate lines.
One line for people who have filled out the question there and have an actual appointment for getting debit cards.
Another line are for the folks who basically heart about this information and wanted to get in line and make sure that they got the debit card too.
So we have a lot of progress going, but at the same time.
I think Ron Popeel ought to give him one of those ovens, don't you?
The rotisserie?
The rotisserie, yeah.
I don't know where they're going to plug it in.
Or where they're going to the food to stick in it.
Well, whatever.
It's pretty sad.
You know, it's not bad enough that these people were like desparados in the world.
It's been out there all lined up like cattle.
Nevertheless, officials in Texas are planning to clear out and close the astronaut and other temporary shelters maybe as soon as next week.
Well, then what?
Thank you for playing.
Meanwhile, I'm in allegations that the federal government was sold to be spotted in Hurricane.
Vice President Cheney and First Lady Laura Bush visiting the Gulf Coast today to assess whether the government is doing all the can.
Let's say they are Thursday.
There's only like what?
A week and a half ago?
Yeah, that it hit Monday.
We go Monday.
Cheney's schedule will examine a levy repair in New Orleans and also makes stops, photo ops and baton Rouge, Gulfport and Baloxie.
And Houston planned to move evacuates from the afternoon to two cruise ships in Galveston was canceled for lack of interest officials said.
Forcing the government to search for evacuates from other areas to move into the ocean liners cabins.
Well, those are the smart people that don't want to go on those cruise ships.
They've already been through enough without feeding that food and puking their guts out again.
Right?
Oh, seriously? I mean, who would have wanted to want to wind up on that?
They've already been surrounded by water.
You know, let's get serious.
I don't understand what is the emergency to shut down to kick these people out.
Is there like some major, there like a concert coming up or something?
Hey, what do you know about emergency management?
Probably just as much as downtown Mickey Brown.
Probably this is me Rogers.
This is 516 QAF.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
So down, you got to fast.
Excess a car car on my ass just.
Pull me over on the road.
Look in for fun and soak into the breeze.
Hello, trooper, how's it going?
You woke this chick that I'm holding up.
Gratching the furnace, my eyes were glassy.
Thanks to driving while soaking into the rain.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I need a big glass of milk and chocolate chip for kids.
Tilted out and drove me in wetty.
The sleep that my lawyer guys think of a deep bench for me.
Pawn on the view, smoking to be.
Never one, no, no, no, no, smoking to be.
You better get with it, man.
Smoking a big fat one is going to get you in big, big trouble, man.
It's America for you.
It's the important stuff.
We got our priorities really right on.
No way.
We got it straightened out.
101 at 5.60 W.M.
This is Jessica.
Came in, this is some bad news.
Astronaut's son, please, go to the child porn charge.
Remember Walter Shiraugh, the astronaut?
Yeah.
Well, his son.
Son of an astronaut, clearly, go to the possession of child pornography in a federal sex tourism case.
According to court records, Walter M. Shiraugh, the tour,
the 55, clearly, August 31, to a federal charge of possession of child pornography.
Shiraugh, San Francisco, was arrested in November 6th and he tried to board a Thailand bomb,
plane authority said, I bet you're right.
Roddy probably got left from the directions in his will.
A luggage service netted photos of shirtless Asian boys,
sexual performance enhancing drugs and candy customers official said,
Oh, no.
Candy!
I wonder what he was going to do when that candy said this way as he was trying to fight...
Why don't you call it a little boy?
That probably sentenced December 7th, but they did a little bit infamy.
Shiraugh's father, Walter Shiraugh, flew in three of America's space missions
and his son turns out to be a space good at.
All we can say is...
You're fairie.
Anyway, can we take another call or two or what?
Because I don't know.
Do it.
Well, I mean, I just...
I don't have a lot of time to be doing that stuff.
I got like this.
No, I got important stuff.
I got Miramar Commissioner saying no to Walmart after residence protests,
which I know is one of your...
You're probably pleased as much about that.
You know it.
WQIM, hello.
Yes, sir.
That one for your poll.
Yep.
Michael Jackson.
Yeah, okay.
I have another one for the poll since his audience hasn't been very creative.
He's going to get some votes to Rob Marciano, the weather dude from CNN,
who was running around last week with his shirt.
Every day he's had another button open, another one.
Pretty soon he's going to head like, I was afraid he's going to have his pants open.
I was hoping.
I mean, afraid.
Rob Marciano.
Good looking dude.
Nice guy.
He's just a kind of guy like go out to dinner with you know.
Sit around and talk about CNN.
Ripon Asiv, all those idiots there like Lou Dobbs and Moples Creek.
And of course, Bubblehead, what's your name?
You're the blonde at night.
Oh, you're the dairy.
No, no, that's you.
No, not her.
Paul Azon.
Oh, you better get your Bimbo's straight mister because you sure don't have.
I don't.
You don't have a grasp on it.
Just read it.
Dominic Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
I got one for the poll.
But first I would actually like to take a moment to thank the Red Cross because it was President Bush's idea to expedite those lines and just mail those cards to those people's houses.
Yeah, there you go.
So, you know, that's not a bad idea.
My vote for the poll is Mr. Bob Hamilton because I like to discuss the fact that there are other people besides Tommy Keane's and the righteous values.
That's a fake review.
Okay, God, wait a minute, please.
That's that Mr. Fitz who used to work in magic that causes every couple of months.
And rightfully so because Bob Allen is a real cool and Ricky Tiki, by the way, all I hear either Bob.
I don't want to get him in any deep due due, but because we like Ricky Tiki a lot, even with a cat.
But he's nauseated.
Playing the stick and righteous brothers in the same old tire oldies over and over.
How about something exciting like this?
I know you want to leave me.
But you need to let me go.
If I am in pain and pain.
I'm going to tell you, I'm going to go out to them.
I'm going to get you that movie.
Really?
I'm going to send it to you.
I'm going to, huh?
Don't have to do that.
I'm going to FedExity because it's just, I know you'll enjoy it.
You'll appreciate it.
You like the music.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Marshall is now Ooh Nares, e.
Inflorn, Yes.
Michelle Hearnin malbutt's
position smaller rescue and communications teams across the Gulf Coast, but officials acknowledged
Tuesday that the first department-wide appeal for help came only as the storm was already
raging.
Brown's memo to trade off to Strab Katrina as this near-cantastrophic event, but otherwise
lacked urgent language.
The memo politely ended.
Thank you for your consideration in helping us to meet our responsibilities.
Their responsibility being, of course, first and foremost to convey a positive image.
Ain't we looking good, huh?
Good job, Brownie!
The initial responses to the government and Brown came under increasing criticism as
the breadth of destruction and death grew.
President Bush in Congress yesterday pledged separate investigation to the federal response.
Senator Susan Collins, the whiny Republican Senator for Maine, said governments at all
levels failed.
Let's get a show with her and read a cross beyond together.
Okay.
Yeah.
Get you guys ready for marriage.
Homeland Security spokesman Russ Nakhie said, Brown, wonder if he's related to our
Newt Rockney?
Russ Nakhie, you ever see anybody who was not me?
I see some bull-ig-id.
Brown had positioned frontline rescue teams in Coast Guard helicopters before the storm.
Brown's memo August 1, on aim to assemble the necessary federal workforces to support
the rescue's established communications and coordinate with victims of community groups,
Nakhie said.
Instead of rescuing people, recovering bodies, these employees would focus on helping victims
find the help they needed, he said.
There'll be plenty of time to assess what worked and what didn't work, Nakhie said.
Clearly, there'll be time for blame to be assigned and learned from some of the successful
efforts.
Brown's memo told employees that among their duties, they would be expected to convey
a positive image of disaster operations to the government officials, community organizations,
and the general public.
FEMA response and recovery operations are a top priority of the department, and as we
know, one of yours, Brown, wrote to Cheyroff, he proposed sending a thousand Homeland Security
Department employees within 48 hours and two thousand within seven days.
Nakhie said the 48-hour period suggested for the homeland employees was to ensure they
had adequate training.
They were training to help the lifesavers, Nakhie said.
Employees require a supervise of approval in at least 24 hours of disaster training in
Maryland, Florida, or Georgia.
You must be physically able to work in a disaster area without refrigeration for medications
and have the ability to work in the outdoors all day, Brown wrote.
The same day, Brown wrote Cheyroff, Brown also wears local fire and rescue departments
outside Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi.
Not percent Truckser Emergency Workers' Interdisasterary is without an explicit request
for help from state and local governments.
Brown said it was vital to coordinate fire and rescue efforts.
We've been in a help of job too.
That's why we saw those buildings burning for days.
Yeah.
Meanwhile, the airline industry said the government's request for help evacuating storm victims
didn't come into late Thursday afternoon.
We said again, the airline industry says the government's request for help evacuating
storm victims didn't come until late Thursday afternoon.
That's the same afternoon that Mickey Churdoff finally discovered that there were like those
people in the convention center rotting and dying and starving and the polishing.
James May, president of Air Transport Association, said the Homeland Security Department called
into asking if the group could participate in early four evacuaries.
Some have called on Bush to fire Brown and attorney and political appointing who came
to FEMA after a controversial tenure stand at the International Arabian Horse Association.
His only qualification for being director of FEMA is he was Bush's roommate in college.
Critics say the Oklahoma lawyer lacked the professional experience and seasoning needed
to head the federal agency responsible for living emergency relief to victims of everything
from floods, wildfires, and earthquakes to terrorist attacks.
At the horse association, he was in charge of investigating complaints about horse-showed
judges, stewards and trainers, some of whom were accused of giving the horses unauthorized
drugs that would enhance their performance.
He also handed down discipline.
He raised the eye of many of the horse breeders and owners and was named the numerous lawsuits
by those unhappy with his actions.
He couldn't even handle that.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she told the president he should fire Brown.
The president thanked me for my suggestions, he said.
That's great.
Meanwhile, after a senator's only briefing by true or off another cabinet members yesterday,
Senator Chuck Schumer said lawmakers weren't getting their questions answered.
While people up there want to know Democrats and Republicans is what is the challenge ahead?
How are you handling that?
And what did you do wrong in the past?
Right wing apology, Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, said the administration is
getting a bad rap for the emergency response.
People have to understand this is a big, big problem, he said.
Oh boy, he had jackass or what?
Ted Stevens?
He was pathetic.
Now, Michael Puntney wrote in the hero yesterday and I'm glad somebody factored in,
even though it was all garbled and messed up and I went online and got him myself.
Thanks very much.
That's the boring Michael Puntney, my good old friend from Channel 10.
Good guy.
He says enough lame for everyone to go around.
How long is this?
Not that long.
Too much reading on here, man.
Miguel's got to be really pissed off and fired up.
Too bad.
That'll teach him to not cooperate with Doreen.
He probably got to be fired in the rest of her too.
Doreen?
Huh?
She did that all herself.
Well, good for her.
Michael Puntney writes, we've seen the dark lane plane and it is called New Orleans.
Tens of thousands of desperate people there had either joined or loved Newer Light,
nor certitude, nor peace, nor helped for pain.
Not to mention no water, food, medicine, or law in order for days on end.
How could so many Americans in such desperate streets out of been helped for so long in the
greatest country in the world?
That's the question that will linger on like the stench of Putresons well after the cavalry
finally wrote to the rescue in the form of the National Guard.
Louisiana couldn't muster enough of its own guards, been too many are an active duty in
Iraq.
So others said, let me say it again, too many are an active duty in Iraq.
So others had to be ordered in from neighboring states.
That underscores the principle lesson we should take away from this tragedy.
Government policies have consequences.
Send two few regular military personnel to fight a war and you're forced to call up the
National Guard, leaving not enough to perform their primary duties at home.
Cut funding for flood control and hurricane planning is President Bush did in June when
he eliminated $71.2 million from the budget of the New Orleans Corps of Engineers and Vaxen
Levy's failed.
Shift FEMA from an independent well-funded and well-run agency with a good track record
on actual disasters and fooled it as an underfunded understaff shadow of its former self-intermediate
Department of Homeland Security and it's ill-prepared for a catastrophic storm such as Katrina.
Homeland Security by definition should begin at home, but under the Bush administration
apparently doesn't.
Even Bush, low to ever admit he's made the smallest mistake, was forced to admit
last Friday that FEMA's and the federal government's initial response was not acceptable.
Of course, later that same day after trying to disaster zone and hugging a few people,
he began to change his tune.
I'm certainly not denigrating the efforts of anybody who drove reporters.
I am satisfied with the response.
I'm not satisfied with all the results.
After that Bush looked into it, we're working hard mode praising every government official
inside including FEMA director Michael Brown, who trained for the job as Zara, the International
Arabian Horse Association, Brownie, who are doing a heck of a job of the president,
sent in another instance of Bush putting personal loyalty and GOP filthy ahead of
competence.
There's an upland to go around for everyone and certainly the ineffectual governor of
Louisiana and the mayor of New Orleans who called for mandatory evacuation far too late
deserve their share.
But while the bodies of victims are still being discovered in that side and identified,
it's unscengely and do much finger pointing.
Still, there are some fundamental truths that can be named.
Katrina and its aftermath showed all too graphically that the membrane between order and
energy is a thing when they can quickly be breached.
It showed that for all the fine talk about compassion of conservatism, the Bush administration
really practiced social Darwinism.
For all the fine talk about fostering an ownership society, those who owned the least suffered
the most.
The affluent and mostly white population was able to get out of town on its own.
The mostly black and poor population could not or would not, and it's the image of their
suffering faces that is seared in our collective memory.
They didn't get help soon enough because of their politics.
This wasn't a blue state red state thing.
It was a race, class, and poverty thing.
And mostly a black thing, given that New Orleans is about 70% African American.
The slow initial response has reinforced for many blacks the suspicion that they matter
less to the administration and whites and there's evidence to support that suspicion.
Bush cut short another Crawford vacation last March to fly back to Washington several
days early to lobby for the Terry Shivill, Shivill Bill.
Chew!
And the early DeVed President got up at 129 in the morning to sign it into law.
It took him three days to get on TV and say anything at all about the Gulf Coast tragedy
and five days after it hit to get to New Orleans.
Once there he didn't set foot on the convention center or superdome.
He tried to repair that PR damage during a second visit on Labor Day, but the laying
on a presidential hands while comforting to some wasn't what these storm victims needed.
The death toll won't be telling for some time, but it'll be staggering.
Contrast it to the death toll in Cuba when Hurricane Ivan a category five storm pounding
the Arlem last September, not one Cuban died.
Granted, when the Castro government orders people to leave their homes and see if
sheltered a must, they'd better.
But what if it's a little third world country run by a despotic tyrant can better shelter
with citizens in harm's way than the mighty USA?
The harsh lesson of Katrina, life truly is a nasty, brutish and short thing if you're
pouring especially if you're black.
Washington will help in a crisis, but only when it gets around to what get used to it.
It's the lesson that the great majority of Americans reject and will say so when they
vote in next year's midterm elections.
After a long string of demoralizing blows to our national psyche, Katrina is the Kudagra.
We've now passed the tipping point or at least the Bush administration has.
Nice one, Mike.
I thought he was exciting, huh?
Yeah.
It's my man.
114-560W-Q-Y-M TV's got a new schedule.
Yours.
On Demand is an exciting new feature that's been added to Comcast Digital Table and you
can try it today for only 29.99 a month for three months.
Comcast on Demand puts TV on your terms.
Now you can choose from a library of shows with over 3,000 hours of free movies, TV shows,
kids shows sports and special interest programs.
From a variety of TV shows in the left to charge to a humongous library of movies that you
used to paying for at the video store.
Comcast on Demand will really change the way you watch TV.
Plus you can start them whenever you like, whether it's 917 in the morning, 1123 at night,
a week from Shibuos whenever.
Plus with HBO on Demand you can have an entire library of programming of HBO original
series and movies right at your fingertips.
All free with your subscription to HBO.
And don't forget about control with on Demand you can start.
Stop, pause, rewind and fast forward programs using just that remote control.
So if you only have basic cable of the dish, you're really missing out.
Make the move to Comcast Digital Table with a power of on Demand.
Call 954 Comcast or 305 Comcast today and get Comcast Digital Table and HBO for just
2999 a month for three months.
Certain restrictions apply call for details in day 305 Comcast and in Broward 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-F.
The Robert.
I'm flying in out of town all the time on business, whatever.
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find Neil Rogers.
Being honest with you, pathetic.
Very pathetic.
And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got on sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody better than for sure.
And his whole GD thing and everything else, just know him one day we all face the Lord.
Have a great day.
Bye.
I've got another obsession to break.
No way to do.
Feel good.
On Monday nights I will come home late.
Friendship.
Football season begins.
Twins in June.
Cause then I fell into the best.
The best, the best thing on the tube.
When my wife tries to watch it gets confused.
With your fears and actions around.
I can't describe how I'm this gone bad.
And my choice is to be a good sports talk radio station.
Which player will get a friend?
This or does this make you lose?
Will I come from the top of my heart?
This is my off-road.
Cause then I fell into the best.
The best, the best thing on the tube.
Cause then I fell into the best.
The best, the best thing on the tube.
Hey, good night, guys.
Maybe Patriots and Arriders.
The NFL season starts for real.
I was hecking in New England or in LA.
I don't know.
Josh, I'm not sure.
I could check.
Why, but you're pardon?
You're the Patriots, man.
Come on.
Yeah.
And R2 the guy that's been giving me a strong dance about how the
raiders are going to win and kick their ass.
I sure hope so.
You sure hope so, my ass.
In fact, don't worry about how many zeros in that ex-check because it's going to be a different
kind of a check.
You know what kind?
Invisible.
A blind check?
Yeah.
That's exactly right.
A different kind of blind check.
Okay, let's see.
I'm looking at this.
This is bad that you don't know that.
For NFL season opens today, Boston Globe.
I figured it might be a good play.
Okay, I don't want whatever this thing.
I don't want to see a video.
Oh, jeez, I don't want to see all this.
Although it is not Brady Naked.
Let me take a look.
So I don't know where that came in.
But the important thing is, of course, that one day we'll all have to face the Lord.
I just couldn't resist playing that.
It's at New England.
I told you, it's at New England.
Piece of cake.
What's his name?
That I'm not just Kenny Erlson from the White Sucks would say, put it on the board.
Well, he's obnoxious.
You know, let me go again.
Criticizing knocking stuff like that.
No more that.
Oh, speaking of him.
Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean yesterday, he sought to turn the chaos of
Hurricane Katrina into a benefit for Democrats.
Decry Republican priorities and telling Black pastures and Miami that race played a significant
role in the storm death toll.
Leslie Clark who wrote this for the Harold by the way you ought to be in the Habu-Gar-
Radio.
What a joke.
Sock to turn it into a benefit for Democrats.
Deans are marked to the National.
See, this is in line again.
If you criticize anything that the administration does, whether it's in Iraq, whether it's their
handling of the hurricane, though anything you're partisan.
You're partisan.
You're turning into politics.
Right.
Deans are marked to the National Baptist Convention of America.
Came as Republican National Committee chairman Ken Millman has made outreach to Black
State Priority, meaning across the country with Black community leaders.
But Dean and Marks interrupted several times by applause, charged that Republicans and Congress
and the Bush administration haven't done enough to combat poverty.
The pictures of primarily Black storm evacuees huddled at the dank Superdom and stranded
on rooftop, Dean.
Charged showed the ugly truth that skin color agent economics played a significant role
in who survived and who didn't.
The question 40 and 50 years after Martin Luther King and the Civil Rights Movement is,
how could this still be happening in America, Dean?
Said he later added, we haven't swept poverty away in this nation.
We simply have swept it under the rug.
I just go on how a Senate Republicans are returned to the capitalist week, Dean, charged
were more interested in repealing the inheritance tax for the wealthiest Americans than
in hurricane relief.
The estimated $750 billion across the tax rate, he said it would be better spent rebuilding
the battered Gulf Coast.
And of course, he's usually, he was...
Absolutely.
Well, you know, the Democratic establishment, well, we don't want to use a little bit to,
you know, two outrageous words, it tells too much of the truth.
That's why you can't stand in our dean, because you can't handle the truth.
You losers.
I want this important urgent facts.
Moving announcement from Jean, one of our regular facts, this is his couple of thoughts,
and what does that mean, moving announcement?
I don't know.
A couple of thoughts for the four folks in Houston have them move to Bush's Crawford Ranch
where he can set up a tent city.
White people can be the school mom, the twins could run the nightlife.
Oh, that's right.
A lot of experience at that.
Those boozing up twins.
Well, they're just getting it out of their system, you know, just like Daddy did a few
years ago.
Right.
Can you get a multi-billion dollar contract for Halibut and to run a water pipeline to
them and so on?
And Pat Robertson would be in charge of donations, I'm sure you could.
I'll thank the launchy, you know, okay?
I was really moved by your moving experience.
Okay, now we can make 700 votes on the pool here, but if Josh would just like start spinning
that way a little bit, put his, you know, get the motion in the basket.
593, the 107 and 35 minutes.
See, that's a challenge, you know, I could have said we could make 600, but that would
have been much of a challenge.
When you've got 593, you've got 35 minutes to go before Moe.
What white man would you like to hang out with the most?
Bill Clinton, 165, you happen to 56.
56 as in Q, 56.
Boy, he moved up there fast, I told you.
Oh, yeah.
They want to hang out with the humus today.
They want to get some of the slop over.
They want to hear the stories and then, you know, look around to who's, who's over here,
who over there?
John's store 54, where you at?
Jim Madness 54.
When you're riders 52, right out Mad Dog's butt, George W. Bush 29, so it's Coleman 20,
28.
George Rodriguez 21, you're right up there with suds.
Birds of a feather smoking together.
Michael Moore 21, Dan Marino 19, Brad Pitt 15, Gore Vidal 11.
George Clinton is none here.
He's black.
I still know who he is.
Heinkoldberg A. Tom Brady 7, Sean Penn 7, Kid Rock 6, Peter North 6, 6 something.
A Rite Glacius is got 6.
He's right up there with Peter.
Gildi 6, Don Shula 5, Voka Brian 5.
They Matthews 4, Drew Rosenau's 3, MNM 3.
John Gruden got a pair and none yet for Kelly Slater, Matthew McGonor.
He or Rob Marciano.
How do you like that?
You know that Pat Robertson's already been spewing, which I can't fight a story on it.
He was already spewing out the Labor Day weekend.
It's traditionally a big gay weekend in New Orleans and they have the big guy parade and
all kinds of, and he's not even spewing it.
This was God's punishment, okay, for all these, you fair.
Oh God.
The whole list is new.
My Roger.
The whole list is 5.
16.
Two.
A.
Gatham's I fake 4 points.
I went to Dolphin's training camp.
I asked Nick Sabin, who will it be?
Will it be AJ?
Will it be Sage?
Here's what Nick said to me.
Gaths for Rob, for Rob.
Our starting QV will be.
I think we'll have victory with Rob, for Rob.
Just you wait and see.
I saw an exhibition game watching him play was like a bad dream.
I saw him from the beat drop the ball.
It made me want to scream.
Gaths for Rob, Nick God.
Whatever it is you mean.
Your offense has gone to sea with Rob, for Rob.
He can't score to do.
Gaths for Rob, for Rob.
Maybe I'll redeem if you play for Rob.
You will be sorry.
You failed.
133 at QIM, the molemeister at 2, man dog at 4.
Now here's an article from the CNN website.
It's not like some left-wing spinmeister.
It's some right-wing spinmeister.
FEMA accused of flying evacuaries to the wrong Charleston.
I was not mentioning that yesterday.
Okay, give me the whole story.
It's not that long of a story.
South Carolina health officials said his colleagues scrambled too.
When FEMA gave only half our notice of her for the arrival of a plane carrying as many as 180 evacuaries to Charleston,
the only problem is it landed instead in Charleston, West Virginia for 100 miles away.
There wasn't no other arrangements have been made to care for the evacuaries or transport them to the right destination.
A call seeking comment from FEMA was not returned.
They went to Charleston, West Virginia, and said Charleston South Carolina.
They're all confused.
And speaking of FEMA and their incompetence, their ineffited, ineptitude, and spiderly great work by Brownie, found.
A Canadian search and rescue team reached their flooded New Orleans suburb to help save trapped residents five days before the US military got their way.
Louisiana State Senators said yesterday.
The Canadians beat both the Army and the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA, the US is asked to respond to her,
and to Bernard Perish East of New Orleans, where flood waters are still at the deepened places, said Senator Walter Bozo.
Fabulous, fabulous skies Bozo said they started rolling with us and got in boats to save people.
We've got Canadian flags flying everywhere he said.
The stricken Perish of 68,000 people was largely ignored by US authorities who scrambled to get aid to New Orleans a few miles away.
Residents of outline Perish's head to Mount the Roman Rescue and Relief efforts when Hurricane Katrina word is sure August 29.
Bozo said US authorities began air-dropping relief supplies to St. Bernard last Wednesday,
the same day the Canadian rescue team of about 50 members arrived from Vancouver nearly 2200 miles away.
They just chartered a plane and flew down, he said.
Two FEMA officials reached the Perish on Sunday and the US Army finally got there on Monday, he said.
Why does it take them seven days to get the Army in, he asked?
He speculated that the smaller Perish is hovered because the focus was on New Orleans, the famous home of jazz and the Mardi Gras.
As for the Canadians Bozo, be a thanks for their quick work.
They were so glad to be here, they were still here, they were actually going door to door looking in the attic for people to rescue.
So thank goodness for all those Canadians and these 76 other countries that have offered aid and assistance.
Although Bush turned down Hugo Chavez and also Castor, they say, oh we didn't hear nothing from him, he's just making that all up.
We don't think he's funny.
Yeah, no bigot of funny.
Sure, now this is going to get you very accurate.
And by the way, before I do this story, please, please be sure and send a telegram to the White House thanking the president for these very low gas prices.
Oh God, I'll new record 65 bucks to fill the, you know, pretty soon you're going to have to mortgage your house, you're going to have to sign over documents and we're going to fill your gas tank.
What do you mean, so, so, L president, they thanks a lot is what America ought to be seeing, how to be on their hands and knees.
On October, excuse me, get ahead of myself on September 1st, just three days after Katrina struck the Gulf Coast, top executives at Shell Oil's Texas headquarters took a pubic stand against gasoline price gouging.
We encourage our wholesalers and dealers to practice restraints during these periods.
The press release from Shell said the company even urged the public to contact local governments, if you be a gas station is charging a price that's out of line with other stations in your market.
That same day, Motiva Enterprises LLC, which is Shell's oil refining subsidiary,
hiked the wholesale price of gasoline for Shell dealers throughout the Bronx by a whopping 20 cents a gallon according to company records obtained by the New York Daily News.
Those records show that since the hurricane disaster, Shell has increased gasoline wholesale prices on six different occasions for its Bronx dealers.
On August 31, the company hiked the price twice in the same day, first at three in the afternoon, then at 6 p.m.
These oil companies are out of control, said a veteran, Shell dealer in the Bronx, who is furious at the company's tactics.
There's no supply problem, said the dealer, who has not to be identified because he values his wife.
Shell's just forcing us to raise the price. This gas would be fine more than a month ago, so why charge people more for it? It's just greed.
There is that ugly five-letter word that makes the world go around greed.
Even the price of Shell gas depends on the neighborhood. A shell station on East 230th Street North Bronx,
the pump price of premium gas was $351 yesterday, while at the Bartholabino Station in Co-op City was $389.38 mole.
Agnan Musni, the manager of the 230th Street station, told me there had been a price increase in the last three days.
But at Ralph Shell Station on Brookner Boulevard and Castle Hill Avenue, where premium gas station in the morning was $359 a gallon,
dealer Nancy D. S. Sumpenrothers said, she'll notify her by email Tuesday night, that her wholesale price would go up 20 cents a gallon, starting at 8pm yesterday.
How is it possible you might ask for an oil company to charge its own dealers in the same borough, different prices for the same gas?
The practice is far more commonly realized, since state assemblyman Richard Brosky, it's called zone pricing, he said.
The oil companies are forcing dealers in some neighborhoods to charge higher prices. These are artificial increases not related to supply and demand.
In other words, price gouging. When in doubt? Kind of like your eyes. When in doubt, gouging out.
Brosky is introduced to belong, but he makes zone pricing illegal. But no one in cover to protect his administration or city hall seems to be paying much attention to these outrageous gas hikes since the hurricane.
Senator Chuck Schumer is about to only want to speak out. Elliot Spitzer, the attorney general looks to make big headlines,
slapping the rest of Wall Street crooks as a wall while oil companies pick the pockets of millions of motorists every day.
From here says the article Juan Gonzlez, the alien news column, as he says, it looks like oil companies are exporting Katrina more than N-Ron and the gas companies did during the California blackouts of a year's back.
A contacted Shell's headquarters yesterday asked about its supply and demand situation and the impact of the hurricane on the price of its oil, a spokesman referred me in an email to a company website.
On the website, notice that Shell, which has thousands of employees and three refineries in the Gulf Coast area, had announced its donating all of $3 million in emergency aid for hurricane relief.
You should know that during the second quarter of 2005, the World Dutch Shell Company reported a profit of $5.2 billion, a 34% increase over the same period in 2004.
In other words, Shell is donating a little more than one hour's worth of last quarter's profits to the hundreds of thousands left homeless in the Gulf Coast.
Meanwhile in the Bronx, New York's poorest borough, it's hacked the price of its gasoline six times in 10 days.
Thank you, Mr. President, and go to health, you folks at Shell.
This is Meal Rogers. This is 5.62 billion.
I look at famous naked people.
I look at famous naked people.
Celebrity sets.
What then do you do?
Making these taste to revive all their crappy careers?
Everyone leans, they're bumping underneath, and when you think that it just could not get any worse.
Here comes traders, famous naked people.
In homemade videos.
Oh my God!
Famous naked people.
We say food on some clothes.
Six thirty five, we're not going to make that 700, guys.
I think we're going to have like work overtime. That's bad, you know?
That's possible.
What?
We've got 14 minutes and we're going to go like 65 more votes.
You're dreaming, sweetheart. You're in a dream world.
You're in La La Land.
I think you've been hanging out too much with Dave Ann Boring.
No chance. We got six thirty-eight.
They're pouring in by the ones.
Sixty-two votes in 14 minutes. That's like four minutes.
You should be able to do that if we got anybody out there that really is motivated.
Really cares. It's not that important of a pool anyway.
Plus, if you guys are there, you want to hang out with some white guy.
You fail.
It's probably bad for your image.
Harold Meirson writes in the Washington Post,
the stuff happens presidency.
We're not number one. We're not even close, he says.
By which measures precisely do we lead the world?
Carrying for our countrymen? You gest.
Our first class physical infrastructure. Tell that to New Orleans.
Throwing so much money at the rich that we've got nothing left over to promote the general welfare.
Now you're talking.
The problem goes beyond the fact that we can't cut out on our government to be there for us in catastrophes.
It's that it can't do a spirit.
It shouldn't do a spirit guides the men who run the country.
Consider the congressional testimony of Joe Albaugh,
George W. Bush's 2000 campaign manager,
who assumed the top position of FEMA in 2001.
He characterized the organization as an oversized entitlement program,
and counseled states and cities to rely on faith-based organizations
like the Salvation Army and the Minonite Disaster Service.
Is it any surprise then that the administrations are responsible
to devastate the New Orleans as of a piece with its response to the second of Baghdad
once their troops arrive?
Stuff happens was the way Dom Ronsfeld described the destruction of Baghdad's hospitals,
universities, and museums while Americans soldiers stood around.
Now stuff has happened in New Orleans too,
even as FEMA was turning away off as an assistance.
This is the stuff happens in administration,
and it's willing apparently to sacrifice any claim that America may have the national greatness
rather than inconvenience the rich by taxing them to build a more secure nation.
As a matter of social policy, the catastrophic lack of response into Orleans is exceptional
only in its scale and immediacy,
but it comes to caring for our fellow countrymen.
We all know that America has never ranked very high.
We are of course the only democracy in the developed world that doesn't offer a healthcare
to what citizens as a matter of right.
We rank 34th among nations in infant mortality rights,
behind such rival superpowers as Cyprus and Dora and Brunei.
But these are chronic conditions,
and even many of us who argue for universal healthcare coverage have grown
in Europe to that distinctly American indifference to the common good,
to our radical lack of solidarity with our fellow citizens.
Beside the poor generally have the decency to die discreetly,
and discreetly not conspicuously not in droves,
come rain or come shine, we leave millions of illegal Americans
depend for themselves on a daily basis.
It's just a lot more noticeable in a horrific rain,
and when the ordinary lack of access to medical care is augmented by an extraordinary lack of access
to emergency services.
Even if we'll never win the national greatness,
sweepstakes for solidarity, though we've long been the model of the world
in matters infrastructural in roads, bridges, dams, and the like,
but the American which Eisenhower the Good decreed the construction of the interstate highway system
now seems a far off land in which even conservatives believed in public expenditures
for the public good.
The radical capitalist conservatives of the past quarter century
not only haven't supported the public expenditures,
they don't even believe there was such a thing as the public good.
Let the Dutch build their dikes through some socialistic scheme of taxing and spending.
That just isn't the American way.
Here the business of government has to let the private sector create wealth,
even if that wealth doesn't circulate where it's most needed.
So George W. Boister,
a trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans,
and what do they do with it?
Did the Walton family up in Bentonville raise the levies into Orleans?
Did the Bass family over in Texas write a tax deductible check to the men and nights?
For the billions of dollars they need to rescue the elderly from inundated nursing homes?
Even now, if the drag-out rescue is pulling decomposed bodies from the muck of New Orleans,
Bill Frist, the moral cretin who runs the US Senate,
wanted its first order of business this week to be the permanent repeal of the estate tax
until the public outcryper's went into a changed course.
The Republicans professed belief in trickle-dumbo, but they've given us the flood.
The world looks on and stunned the maisman, unable to understand how a once-grade nation has grown so indifferent,
not just to its poor and its blacks, but even to the most rudimentary self-preservation.
Some of it is institutional racism, but the primary culprit is the economic libertarianism
that the president still espouses whenever he sells his social security snake oil.
It's not libertarianism more than anything else that's transformed a great city into an immense morgue.
But hey, stuff happens.
Stuff. Stuff, Joyce.
670 votes. We need 30 votes in 10 minutes. That's three a minute.
We got the erasure down anyway. Right? What do you got?
What do you got on your thing there?
And on the full thing here? Yeah.
671. It's refreshing.
It's refreshing? No. Not enough.
No. We need 29 votes by two o'clock.
I'm going to pee my pants. How do you like that? Yeah, it's 671, too.
Oh, 61123, four.
I have to.
If these people would get to their computers if they go and steal one or something
and log out of that thing, it's still 671.
They're pouring in by the like I said by the ones.
It's not happening.
Here's the poll results so far.
What a white man. When you like to hang out with the most built Clinton,
1.164. He'll have no 64 and he'll ride your 60 ones.
You're mad at 60 trans to 58 George W.
Bush 32. Sus Coleman's got got
Michael Moore 28, George Rodriguez 23.
You're headed Danny.
Mariel.
A rat. Danny was got 21.
Brad Pitt 15.
Grovid L. 14. I mean, what kind of people?
What kind of guys want to hang out with Brad Pitt?
Yeah.
Sean Penn 9. Peter North 8.
The Humphers got 8. Hank.
Kid Rock 7. Tom Brady 7.
Dave Matthew 6.
Bokobryan 6.
And Greek A's got the 6.
Gildey 6.
Don Shulaf 5.
M.M. 4.
Dures now 3.
Kelly Slater 2.
John Grootens got a pair.
Rob Marciano.
The weather dude from CNN's got one.
And Matthew McConaughey finally had one.
So I guess on Monday, we can between now and Monday,
we can like firm up what we're going to be doing on the fundraiser with the CD instead.
I've already talked to Miguel Moore and he's going to contact them.
The Humane Society to make sure that they're cool with it and all that.
Well, why wouldn't they be cool with it?
Well, obviously why wouldn't they be cool with it?
But you remember in the past people.
Yeah, but it was the religious ones.
See Humane Society, dogs don't have any religion, okay?
Just cover it up.
So it's not going to be like Camilla's house and some, whatever.
Some far-bisoned volume over there and we're like,
oh, we don't like that picture of the guy with a horse in his tail.
Yeah, right.
But everything to be all sanctioned and kosher.
Whatever.
So by the beginning of the week, like I said, we'll start working on it.
Right.
And meanwhile, you've got to be American Red Cross logo there on the top of our website.
And you can start hopping on that.
And like I said, hopefully the money will be spent to those who need it real pronto.
As opposed to like taking hundreds of millions like they did after the after 9-11 and say,
oh, that's where that money's going to go to fighting terrorism.
Right.
690.
I'll be dang.
We're going to make it.
This is new.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
We did it.
Shocking.
Oh.
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
714.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Stuff's good people in the ass to don't like cat toe.
While have the national guard was in Iraq.
He cut funding for their levies, looters called saying, and our e in a room,
but we made a bigger deal.
In search for never be hollow away for one white girl we drained a lake.
And even asked for help from the Navy.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year there'll be no Marty Groud.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film to Florida.
God forbid.
720.
Thank you.
The people really came through that time.
When you see when you least expect it our crowd, you know, catch your off guard.
Boom.
That was shocking.
We could have probably made it thousands if Josh weren't so damn lazy.
A Fox affiliate TV station in New York City rejected the campaign commercial for a Democrat running in a local race in the candidate ledges because the Ed Slandzell president, the Bushmeister, the Nazi and chief.
Ryan Elner, one of nine Democrats running from Manhattan, Burrow president, said this week the station in the green to Arizona leading up to the September 13 primary.
But Fox five pulled out of the deal after it saw the 30 second head, which features Bush's head superimposed out of a beer torso.
As the voice over in tones, he claims he's the uniter, but New Yorkers know the emperor has no clothes.
I'd like to see that, but not before lunch.
Elner's commercials are already drawn attention because it concludes with a scene in which he throws his arm around his partner three years.
His campaigns is no openly gay candidates for public office have ever featured their significant others in political ads.
Elner said Fox told the campaign media advise in the Ed by the spot was refused because it was disrespectful to the orifice of the president.
