Thank you, Kieran for Governor, but good and good in election that even bush could fit.
So what's Janet Reno doing now?
Welcome to the Janet Reno Pooh Ball Heart Paid.
It's much more than just the past, aren't you?
Dusty old routines in the back of the ball, you know?
These are state-of-the-art regulation science Pooh Ball Pading Cable,
for the most serious of Pooh Ball fans and home their skills.
Try out for the Pooh Ball Super Bowl, where you've encouraged current champions,
RCR-4 and Michael J. Pond.
Oh, good.
You're doing good.
You're doing good.
You're doing good.
You're doing good.
You're doing good.
And just relax in our dining area,
with nourishment provided by Shakey's Pizza and Stakey's Shake.
Top your meal off with a creamy shake of pudding.
Your children will be amused by the broken animatron puppet of Don Shula.
I love them so they love me.
Let's have more brains than more feet.
Let's have more brains, sir.
Come them please.
You just, you just, you just can't have a no.
Luckily I have the perfect store in Boat, where I can stand perfectly skilled.
Or try and look at my shaken baked pork off in pig mixing competition.
You can see this old bell has been keep and busy.
The renal foods of our arcade,
a reservation is called now,
1-800-Dick Van Dyke.
That's 1-800-Dick Van Dyke.
10-42-House-Dick Van Dyke doing.
Still plans to do it.
So this works out pretty well for us, right?
Perfectly.
A lot of stuff going on, man.
We don't know what most of it is.
But there's a lot of stuff going on.
Now what are we doing?
We do both of these very brief breaks here,
like we'll smash them together.
Yeah, sure.
Well, why not?
We'll do a four-minute job at the 1056.
Anybody that's keeping track out there,
likes to write this stuff down,
has a diary of the show.
Those are the real heavy duty groupies.
They keep like a...
Actually, there are people who do that.
I don't think of this show,
but like Stern's show.
Have you ever seen that website?
There's one guy that keeps track like minute by minute,
and he writes in detail everything that was said they talked about,
and where he had his finger while we were talking about it.
It's just amazing.
Well, I probably have a couple of these people.
Anyway, 1056, we got a strong break coming up.
Anyway, here's the deal from yesterday.
We had 1938 votes.
Can you believe that?
I have to.
It's there.
If anybody was out of town yesterday,
I'm sure there's still probably people coming back from the holidays,
right?
Stretching out a little bit,
when it doubt they like to stretch it out.
And they're not aware of the news.
That Howard Stern's show on QM this morning
was his third delay on this radio station.
And let me, again, make it very clear,
I had nothing to do with that.
I just...
I know I have to keep saying that
because people are going to say,
oh, no, that's because he was pissed off,
that he wasn't starting at 10.
We weren't really ecstatic about that,
but it has nothing to do with that.
Right.
It's a corporate decision that was made,
obviously, I'm not a winner was made,
but it was made totally separate
and above anybody else,
including yours truly.
But you think whatever you want to believe,
because that's what they do anyway,
because they're the experts.
We know nothing they're the experts, right?
So tomorrow and Friday,
our Stern's last two days on this station,
careful.
On this station.
1900 plus votes that we asked yesterday,
what's your take on Hank Goldberg
replacing Howard Stern on QM?
That's what's going to happen on Monday.
Hank will be on 7 to 10,
10 saying,
hey, stop it!
Offer three hours.
We don't know what's going to be on before 7.
It definitely will not be.
Please, please Santa Claus tell me,
if you're still hanging around,
that there's not going to be sporting news radio
in morning drive.
I mean, you know, overnight,
2 to 5 in the morning,
that's fine.
There's nobody awake at that hour.
It's perfect for that.
But I think that's what it's going to be.
No, why do you say that?
Because I haven't heard anything to the contrary.
Well, have you heard anything about 2 to 4,
which we're going to decide that I'm not sure today on the pool?
No, it's only Wednesday.
What's the big rush?
I'm sure it's already more than 8.
Haven't had for 7 years of this stuff.
You learned that things don't,
we don't plan these things way in advance.
It's more fun this way.
It's kind of like when we first went on the air,
December 30th, 7 years ago.
Remember that?
I do.
And we're still putting the studio together.
That makes you have to studio down on the second floor.
They were putting it together just before we went on the air.
That was part of the adventure of the whole thing.
Anybody can be prepared and plan ahead.
You know, I'd have all their ducks in a row,
whatever they're saying is.
But not here at QA.
We like to have adventure.
Will this, you know,
and then of course everybody disappears.
Everybody vanishes and you hold your breath.
Oh, is this going to fly?
And they just continue luckin' out.
1900 plus votes.
What's your tank on Hank Goldberg replacing Howard Stern on QA?
And we start the next Monday January 10th.
I'm thrilled.
Neil will be back to 10 to 2.
628 people voted that.
32, almost the third of the audience.
You turn.
Almost the third of the audience voted for that.
I don't care.
Don't listen before Neil anyway.
365 more said that.
I'm pissed, but I'll still listen in the old 278.
See, I was better near today.
Yesterday, I sounded I've seen whatever that noise was.
It was awful.
I'm thrilled.
I'm a Hank's live sports nerd fan.
231.
Hank blows and I won't listen 159.
I'll still listen to Stern on the buzz.
For those who can listen,
I'd say like from central brow,
up through Palm Beach County,
near the buzz just fine on FM,
whatever that station is.
P-B-Z, the buzz.
154 said that.
And I'm pissed off.
I'm through with QAM.
123, only 6.3%.
Thank the Lord.
Thank you.
Dale, God.
That came in last place.
Although we're not happy that we don't have anybody to park.
We can't stop you.
We can't sit there and keep your hand on it in the dial too.
So if you're like,
I remember those first days.
Remember when we were talking about the attend to two situation?
And we had a couple of the Stern people call.
Well, I know we really like your show a lot.
And I'm a Stern fan.
If they cut them off at 10,
we would really pissed off and never listen to you again.
I don't understand that at all.
But, you know, to reach its own, right?
Right.
I don't recall that we had anybody saying,
well, because you're not starting at 10,
we're never going to listen to that.
I just, I don't understand certain mentalities,
but never left.
So that's where that is.
I'm not going to do it all over again at 11 o'clock.
I think we're like kind of potty training the audience now.
But they better be standing by.
And other Stern is in his waning days on the station.
Keep checking back.
Now, just check back with us like they used to say in WS.
You went like Tom Velvita used to say,
oh, those were the days.
We weren't saying those were really the days.
I was a geek.
Yeah.
Good old Tom Velvita.
He was a pretty good guy.
He knew nothing about the business.
That's why he worked for Koch's broadcast.
He didn't have to.
He followed orders really well.
Did he really?
Yes, he did.
And then of course there was Kurt.
Damn, come on.
And Susie's short skirts.
Anyway, our beaded curtain today
is speaking of short skirts.
But I say, why thank you.
Torrey Wilson.
Never heard of Torrey Wilson,
because I don't care about the WWE
and because I'm one of those,
yay, fags.
But anyway, they grew a lot of things
on the farms of Boise, Idaho.
It says potatoes corn.
I wonder if that's a reference to D-fo
and wheat among them.
But all of the things that come from Boise farms
evolve them.
Torrey Wilson may be the most appetizing it says.
This is from the WWE website, no less.
So we know it's got to be the MS.
The Luscious Torrey is one of the blonde bombshells
of WWE, a former fitness model
who is one numerous championships
and is appearing on the cover of countless magazines.
Where does it, I don't understand where the rest of this.
I lost the rest of it.
What if she was born and nobody cares.
When she got to Boise State University,
she became a nutrition major
and quickly learned how to incorporate
physical fitness and proper diet
into a healthy lifestyle.
She looks fairly healthy.
In 1998, when she was crowd-miscalaxy.
Torrey Brooke the Italy Sports Entertainment
Business with WCW 1999.
In June 2001, she made her WWE debut
or is it WWE?
Since then, she's made WWE fans stand and take notice
as the site of Torrey in a bikini
is sure to make anyone weaken the knees.
In May 2003, again in March 2004,
she was on the cover of Playboy Magazine.
The latter appearance was a historical spread
with fellow Smackdown diva-sable,
making the first diva duo ever
degrades the pages of Playboy.
She's also not afraid to put on wrestling tights
and mix it up in the ring
with her unique combination of in-ring talents
and stunning beauty.
Torrey can do whatever she wants in WWE.
There you go. She's on her BB curtain today.
Also, I want to take a little shot here
at Kurt Warner, who makes me sick to my stomach.
They had on this week on The Wheel of Fortune,
one of my favorite TV shows.
It's about the only network show I watch
religiously beside Dan Rather.
Somebody's got to watch him.
Kurt Warner, that was one of the guest players, you know?
Uh-huh.
And in the middle of the show,
I don't know where the hell this came from.
There was like a promo with his, he was voicing it
and it was like for the Christian fellowship,
with some of it.
And you know, faith in Jesus can, you know,
save your ass and I thought to myself,
would you ever stop?
Why don't you bastards cut the crap?
Jesus Christ, the fellowship, the Jesus Christ is man-boy.
Wow, how does that belong in the middle of The Wheel of Fortune?
Where did that come from?
Even Vanna was like spinning like a dreidel,
she couldn't believe it.
Well, that's definitely him.
Have you seen his wife?
Because she's worth.
Oh, is she?
Oh, I'm surprised you haven't seen him.
Oh, she's got a bigger beard.
But they always show her, you know,
in like the front row, given the, you know,
and then when they talk to her,
she does the whole Jesus thing too.
Like, I don't know why they're talking to her,
you know, for that one good year Kurt Warner had.
But yeah, in one big year,
that way he was a flash in a pan, man.
I guess then Jesus kind of got under other business.
Pretty much.
Yeah, and then he just kind of abandoned people
like Reggie White and Kurt Warner,
although Reggie he abandoned big time,
just kind of like dropped him like a, like a bad penny.
Oh, speaking of football,
I mean, there's nothing to talk about the game last night,
like I told you, SC all the way, man,
blow out, total mismatch.
That's why, that's why the whole thing
with a college football rating is not
these silly juvenile, overgrown children.
It just amuses me because they don't play similar schedules.
I mean, you know, the NFL,
even if they've got a week schedule,
they're still playing NFL teams all year.
But in the NCAA, they're playing like,
you know, like hurricanes like to put on
like the school of the blind and vassier,
at least two, three of the Notre Dame experiments for doing that,
so they play Navy every year, you know,
and every now and then lose because they're so bad.
Yeah.
But so last night, obviously,
USC was going to pound the crap out of Oklahoma.
I mean, get serious.
But Josh tells me there was an OJ setting
in a stands last night by him.
There was an OJ set.
Oh, it wasn't in a stands.
It was actually when I was walking on my seat
and a guy yelled, he's got a knife
and he stopped signing his autographs
and ran into a seat.
He screamed real quick.
Oh, that is beautiful.
But the part of the night by far was
the entire stadium booed, actually, since.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, did they?
It was phenomenal.
Like the whole stadium was she sitting
in the national anthem or something?
No, there was like a half time show with that.
Oh, I did see that.
I saw two seconds.
I saw it was here and I immediately
attained a channel.
I went to the racing network or something.
But I mean, I'm talking.
They announced her nobody clapped
and at the end, everybody booed her.
It was phenomenal.
You can't complain about her talent
because she doesn't have any.
Although she doesn't have a famous sister
who also doesn't have much talent
except that she's dumb and at least looks good anyway.
Yeah, she looks good.
Yeah, that's the best.
So Ashley Simpson, she can't sing.
She doesn't look good.
Right.
She has no talent.
She's dumber than a rock.
And other than that, what can you say?
So, of course, to show you,
it's good to have good relatives.
Good connections.
Let's see.
Now, here's the pool for today.
Can I switch the pool?
I don't want to do it twice.
You can't.
Yesterday.
That would be good.
Well, we're...
And don't think that this one is frivolous.
All right.
The one yesterday was like kind of
anti-climactic, even though we had a humongous response.
But this may actually have some pool some weight
because these people haven't got a freaking clue
what they're going to do.
You know, they're just...
It's all over the place.
Thanks to the Harold and the Sun Central
and Radio Inc and FMQB and Radio and Records.
Especially Radio and Records actually wrote
kind of like positive nice stuff about me.
What do they say like radio legend?
Can you believe that?
Yeah, you're legendary.
It says the legendary South Florida Tom
all good to that.
Anyway, here's the pool.
Who should do two to four PM on WQAM?
Now, we may have left some names off of here.
Jeff DeForest, Curtis Stevenson,
the big...
Oh!
Because he's rock solid.
Mojaro David and...
Dolly.
Gelly.
Kimba Bo camper.
And then we also added on which I guess you'll have to
type these in.
Josh, I haven't clicked the thing yet.
There we go. I just swished.
The Crow.
Which I mean, you know, for comic relief,
he doesn't belong out here even to say hello,
but it would be kind of amusing.
Hey, that's...
I have six-seven.
Oh, eight, five, six, ten.
Oh, he is.
We see some armed...
truck problems.
And then, of course,
how could we possibly forget?
Terrible, so, Gaggy.
And we added them on there right away,
covered for that problem.
So there's the list we got so far.
I'm not putting Rick and Suds on there,
because it doesn't make any sense.
See, there's no chance.
We only want names on there
that these people might possibly consider.
People who are in the running options.
Which would have to be sports nerd people,
because obviously now they want to go back
to these things to be sports nerdism,
because venturing too far out of that realm,
they get themselves into a little hot water,
you know what I'm saying?
They just dabble a little bit
outside the realm of sports nerd talk,
and it just creates a few too many problems.
I don't want to get like, too specific,
but just...
did this create...
Please don't pay the effort.
Constellination.
So that's our poll for today.
Let's do the break.
We'll come back, and we'll say it all over again
for the people just tuning in at eleven.
Don't forget, next Monday,
we start 10-2 every day.
I know that's for evolution.
and they would actually come out at the same time every day.
But we go back to something we've been doing for like about 20 years now,
it seems, and that's the same thing.
Starting at the exact same time every day.
What a concept.
That sounds almost like on a real radio station, isn't it?
Like a schedule.
But everybody's happy now.
I guess I guess to Humper, I heard a couple of minutes ago yesterday
he was talking about getting up at 5.30 in the morning
and whatever else he was talking about.
Don't do it, Hank.
Don't do any more suspensions, please.
Although now that SCRAN has gone,
it eliminates one of the reasons for Hank isn't suspended.
He's already done his Jeffrey Luria suspension,
so that one I don't think will be happening again.
And of course, if we lose the dolphins to ESPN,
to sports, or whatever that thing is,
then he doesn't have to worry about that.
Because Wayne won't have his finger hovering over us anymore,
women.
No, that at all.
Although, you know, with Mad Dog still involved in the dolphin broadcast,
there still always will be that element there.
Right.
That elemental Swiss.
10.56 at 5.60 WDQ AM.
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players.
Pompadot Park racing in poker is the place to be
for great gambling action.
You can plunge your gut shot to your heart's content.
Pompadot Park features free admission
and free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday,
Wednesday, like tonight, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon today and live racing gets underway
tonight at 7.25 at the PM.
Don't forget every Monday night there's a $2 for $25
dinner special at the top of the park rest.
Not every Wednesday night, like tonight,
is dollar night at Pompadot Park for draft beers,
so to hot dogs and lots more.
And best of all, and far and away,
my personal favorite besides Vietnam Don Braindred.
The first Monday of every month is free spaghetti dinner night.
I'm not sure who I like better,
Don Braindred or Miriam Tollum.
Free spaghetti dinner night, the first Monday of every month
at Pompadot Park.
So while you free loaders out there,
all you people love a lot's of pasta.
Monday night, all you gotta do is buy a program
and you go in there and just shove it down your posts.
Pompadot Park is also open every day,
seven days a night's week for simulcasting
with the best in harness, throw a bread
and highlight action from all across North America
for you to watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompadot Park of La Salle of Atlantic Boulevard
on Powerline Road for that new racing schedule.
You can go on the wicked web at Pompadot Park.com
or you can call 9549722000.
9549722000.
Pompadot Park course power you can plunge on.
Don't forget, poker starts at noon today,
post-time tonight's first race, 7.25 pm.
Power, stranger, Miriam Rogers, morning simulative
and force a run of clock.
Got to find the key.
She'll wait ya.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your morning, Poco-Doco-Doco-Doyle.
Any questions?
From Pops Superstar Ashley Simpson,
comes this year's most highly awaited concert album.
It's Ashley Simpson, Barely Lies,
between all her hits as performed on stage,
like pieces of me.
On a Monday, I'm waiting.
Two days, I'm available to go to go to go to go.
Ashley Simpson, Barely Lies is the concert album
that sounds too good to be true.
Yeah, I'm the shit.
Don't leave.
I'm the shit.
It's almost as good as not being there.
Ashley Simpson, Barely Lies.
Available, wherever fine music is sold.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
I think back.
That was still back in the day of my old CD,
my dinner, the CD Dex year right,
that we're skipping and jumping in when I'm dubbing that in there
into the computer, I'm thinking,
what is going on here?
I had to listen to it about three times, maybe more than that.
About third man?
But it's using it in the Toronto target.
She has no talent.
People, they test her like poison,
even worse than I hate Phil Simpson if that's possible.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM Happy Wednesday to you.
I was just thinking, maybe this is a rationalization, you think.
Even though people do like continuity,
they like consistency in broadcast.
You like to know what time a show starts, who's on first,
who's going to be on when?
The fact that it matters, you've got to admit that there's
a certain element of excitement and neurosis and at least it keeps
it from getting from getting stale.
They'll come checking in at least.
Yeah, that's going to happen.
If we just, it's like a whirling derbors this radio station,
it's just constantly just in a state of flux.
Like I was saying yesterday, it's with an L.
And just, just always like, everything is up in the air.
Like the juggler, you know, the balls are always up in the air.
And they never come back down anybody's hand.
Three more US troops killed in Iraq, speaking of that sound you just play.
Three more US soldiers killed in the back bombing and Baghdad.
I thought we got that terrorist.
Well, it's still a still little problem in there.
The military said after a soldier was killed in a similar attack north of the capital,
and a Marine was killed in action in the West.
Three soldiers were killed to others wounded in the roadside bombing in northern Baghdad
at 11 o'clock yesterday said the military.
This came after when US soldier was killed,
another wounded in a similar road attack in Bala, north of the capital.
A Marine was all in fact, it's getting to the point now.
As I'm reading this story, I can't even keep track of it because it says a Marine was also killed early in action yesterday.
In Al-Anbar province west of the capital,
the death squad to the total, which nobody seems to care, 1335,
the number of US military personnel killed in Iraq since the US invasion in Iraq in March, 2003.
1335.
Now, something we hear very little about because it's very bad PR and it's bad for the government and it's embarrassing as hell.
The number of US troops wounded in Iraq since the start of the war has surpassed 10,000,
the Pentagon said yesterday in a delayed update of its casualty data.
Of the 10,252 total wounded, the Pentagon said 5396 were unable to return to duty,
and 4800 plus sustained injuries that were led enough for them to resume their duties.
The total is normally reported each week, but the Pentagon had not paid the figures since December 22nd.
Everybody was on vacation on holiday, you know we can't be bothered with stuff like that, right?
The number of US troops we know about 1335.
So the bad news continues in spite of all the all wear-from-the-out reports we haven't supposedly 25 days from today is going to be that election on January.
30, man.
I don't think so.
Now, let me get back to this poll because this may be the first time in history of this show that we've taken a poll
where you folks might actually have some influence.
I don't know.
I mean, I can't promise that, but it just, it might make a difference.
When you think?
No, I wouldn't think.
Well, I mean, might.
There's a slim possibility, like a 180 trillion chance that they might take a look at this and say,
well, the audience seems to feel this way.
Although, there isn't any clear leader at the moment.
Who should be doing two to four?
That's the big gap.
I mean, those are going to be big shoes to feel because managing to slide up to four to seven to fill a hangspot,
which hangk is a slide back to seven to ten in the morning, which there it is.
It's kind of like what people used to do on the lightfall all the time.
Right.
Shuffle the deck.
Shuffle the deck.
I used to rip him for that.
Only at least here we've got people who belong on the air.
Whereas in his case, he was just taking people who didn't belong on the air like Joyce Kaufman and Norma Kent and people like that.
And the one guy he did have was a real broadcaster, which was Craig Worthing.
He had shoved on there at night when nobody could hear that tin-watt signal.
I think it was personal Craig, whatever.
Anyway, here's the deal.
Who should do two to four on Q-Wam?
And like I would start to say, mad dog has had huge numbers in those two hours.
Just about every month, every book of the sun is shining.
Can you believe it?
I believe it.
The sun is shining for a second day in the row in Tio.
I cannot believe that.
In fact, it is a nice toasty minus four, which is about like 26.
A fair night, that's not too bad, huh?
Looks nice sitting inside looking out.
Right.
And I got to say it again, this dry heat.
Oh, brother, that's about the only thing other than days when it's really nasty.
And there aren't too many of those every winter.
But the thing that living up north, you've got to dry heat-go.
And that just dries out your nasal passages.
I think I deserve tremendous kudos.
I don't know what his deal is.
He talk about a bad penny.
He's like another one where those people just doesn't, and never goes away, you know?
Kind of like, I'm trying to think of somebody that would like to say, what was his name?
The guy with no teeth, Sam Geisen.
Who?
All of some of these old timers that used to be like Mickey Day, you know, they're just always
there forever and ever until they either croak or find anybody who will humor them anymore.
Jeff DeForest 13, Curtis Stevens in 12, he's the sleeper baby.
I think that's a good choice.
Curtis is good.
Why not give a young guy?
You know, that's what supposedly this station is all about, right?
Right?
He's having somebody old Jews and somebody other old ex-jocks.
And then also trying to wean and bring along some of the young guys who really know sports
inside now who got a decent voice.
They're good on the air.
They got a little sense of humor.
And like, make them into a something.
Right?
Nurture.
Instead of rehashing the same old retreads all over again, I'm not going to mention any names,
retread.
Let's see.
Keeps changing by the second here.
This one could be big.
61 votes.
Jeff DeForest 17, Curtis Stevens in 16.
Nice going, Curtis.
Kim Boeckamp or 11th.
Moeckhauer, David in 10.
I have to admit, I voted for Moe.
Not because I like him, but because it's just, I'm not going to fax this, but we should
put Boog on there.
No.
We can't.
The reason I didn't put Boog on there is because he's going to be doing baseball.
See, we're only putting people on there who can do this.
Don't you understand, Mr. Don't you get it?
Huh?
Boog can't do it.
In addition to which Boog is not a talk show, he's a great play by play guy.
He is horrible doing talk radio.
He's got people on there that fight for that statement.
Yeah.
What?
That are horrible.
Nobody will need, they could do it.
I'm not seeing these people, but look, this is the list.
That's what we got.
And maybe some of the audience has got some other ideas, I don't know.
But there's no sense of putting like Rick and Suds on there.
They're not going to hire Rick and Suds.
There isn't a Chinatown chance in purgatory that they're going to put Rick and Suds
on on this station.
This isn't going to happen.
As much as we like Suds and we might even tolerate Rick, but it isn't going to happen.
And there's no sense of putting Boog's Shambi or Dave Ann Boring on there because of
his he would Marlon's baseball.
Speaking of that, when will we find out who's going to be who's on first and who's
caring what?
Isn't that Marlon's contract up for renewal now?
I'm not sure.
Well, what do you mean you're not sure?
You're part of that whole organization, man.
How about I fight out for you?
You're the massaging Dave Ann Boring's ego or whatever you're massaging every game,
every home game anyway.
Yeah, you better, we better find out.
I'm sure of that.
That nobody knows that.
I think we'll get them because remember the article yesterday where Wayne was saying
he wanted the dolphins on a station where it was the only sports team.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Now that makes no sense to me.
I don't know what they mean.
Well, they're going to be the showcase.
Well, of course, after this past season, they'll be a showcase, all right, like in a
freak show.
I like how, let me tell you another thing about Kurt Warner, which you probably never noticed
this before.
He's got AJ Touchy Fili syndrome.
His nose is pointed off.
Although AJ has pointed to the West, Kurt Warner's nose is pointed to the east.
It's kind of like out of it's off center.
It's not in the middle of his face like most people.
Now maybe Jesus can fix that for him or maybe that's where Jesus is in the far east or
the Middle East.
Is it possible?
No, he's busy with that.
He's going to be victims.
I wasn't always that.
He was on vacation when that happened.
78 votes.
Jeff to force 23.
Curtis Stevens and 20 have very happy to see Curtis doing such a good job.
And of course, these people are devoting.
They know who these people are.
They're listeners and they've listened and they've heard the people that do a good show
and the people who can't.
Now who's going to be out with Hank?
Do we know?
Dude, what?
The producer?
No.
Nobody does a morning show alone.
I sure hope they don't think they're going to put Hank in there all by himself for three
hours every morning.
You know as well as I do that when you're a morning show, you need a sidekick.
You have to have somebody on there besides Robert Creepy, Creepy Grieper.
O'Cafer 13, Mohawar David XII.
The big O's got seven.
Forget about that.
Gildi's got three.
You won't be hearing him on.
Warren the Crow Crow Marty none.
And Joseph Gekki's got the big so far.
And like I said, if the audience has got any initial choices, let's see.
Now this isn't going to happen, Jim.
This isn't going to happen.
It says, can we have Mohawar and Gildi together again from two to four?
No.
No, it's a Mohawar and Gildi again.
I'm really missing them.
Well, they're not missing each other.
They hear each other like poison.
Okay.
I mean, it's what would be a bridge between me and Mohawar Hank and Mohawar.
No chance.
The chance there's a greater chance than you're going to walk in your backyard
in about a half an hour and find 14 palm trees sprouted up each with $80 million in cash
and small bills hanging from them.
Okay.
There is no chance that Mohawar and Gildi are going to be doing anything together, much less on the year.
Well, off the right.
I don't know.
WQA and hello.
Our first call today and there it is silent.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good.
I still strictly from Canada.
Great.
I hope you have a good time.
That's another one.
I'm Norma's Runaways.
WQA and hello.
Mental show.
Good idea.
Yeah, let's put.
Let's put the project run onto the show.
That'd be a hell of a show.
I like it.
Or you know what else we could do?
What?
We could have like the chronic show.
Yeah, I just have somebody opening up the phone.
That's right.
And then just have all of you have Reverend Jones and his boyfriend.
We could have Norm Kent's trick that just called.
We could have a Pro-Zac run.
We could have them all on together between our guarantee and bigger number than Jeff DeForest.
You see, let me just try to explain this to you, which I'm sure you're aware of.
And that is when you're trying to put somebody, I mean, I don't care what anybody says.
Well, those hours aren't as important as afternoon drive.
Technically, that's true.
Well, you've got a guy that's been getting like seven, eight and nine shares in there
for the last two, three years.
Over a long time, my dog's been doing that.
You don't want to go from that all of a sudden like one and two shares to embarrassing numbers in there.
No, that's a sell-able.
There are some people on this list without mentioning any names who are not going to get any big number.
Believe me when I tell you, all right?
That's why it's important.
12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQAM, we got mad dog at two.
What? That's three days in a row for the mad dog.
A tough schedule.
Oh, right.
It's week for him.
The Humper is going to be at Wyndham Crystal Palace in the Bahamas from up 4 to 7 today and tomorrow.
And what about Friday?
No industry or back in the two in Friday.
He'll probably lose his ass by then.
Humber from 4 to 7.
Hurricane Hotline at 7, then we got the big at eight.
Now what's that all about? Isn't the beast on a Hurricane Hotline thing?
Yeah.
Well, how come he's not on afterward?
How come we got the big brock solid?
Oh, anyway, he's eight to 10, which we apologize for in 80k at 10 o'clock.
Poor old 80k.
So, any K is safe.
He's in there at night.
Doesn't make any waves.
He does this thing.
He plunges his guts out.
He gives the odds.
The overs, the under's, the ins and the odds.
And that's it.
Keeps his nose clean, minds his own business, and he's like safe because he doesn't have to be involved with all these other crazy people that were involved with.
All the time.
Too bad I can't be there, close and personal with him.
By the way, next time you see Maddie Bell in the hall, anybody just step on him.
Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling our good pizons at dialomathyrus at 1-800-Matrus right now.
No.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And I guarantee I'll bet you Maddie's life on it.
You can get a good sleep as soon as tonight.
On a great mattress from dialomathyrus, you can make that call right now to 1-800-Matrus.
If your mattress is more than 10 years old or maybe it's noticeably sagging or lumpy or you're falling off the edges.
It's time for a brand new great mattress.
Here's from a complete line to the best names in the universe.
They got them all.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King, Quill, tempered Peter, Stearns, and Foster, Hewitt.
Dialomathyrus takes sand day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart, Palm Beach to Fort Myers.
And you still get that unbeatable deal because they let you pick the date and two-hour delivery window when it's convenient for you.
When you want that mattress delivered and they show up on time 99.7% of the time about as close to perfect as you can get.
Dialomathyrus won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch Award for Resolence.
I've been a satisfied dialomathyrus customer for years now.
I wouldn't dream of buying a mattress any other way, neither should you.
If you want to go to your vetting department stores, you're a sucker.
You're getting ripped off, you're an idiot.
But if you want to do the smart thing, sit there on your fat ass right now.
Pick up the phone and call 1-800-Matrus or log on to their world-famous website, mattress.com.
Dialomathyrus, the easiest possible way to guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
If you want to sleep at the annual Rogers, it's exclusively on 560-MAT-M.
I've been just new government, my deal isn't time.
If wish thinks that the fifth thing's up, you sure are out of his mind?
Yeah, that's so big chaos over there.
That's so big moment in your head.
I don't wanna hear from Bush, that he's restoring peace.
How will we know it to see that?
With them to democracy?
I guess we're knowing to see that.
When you see more than B.D.
The tower.
You are too happy and to be feeling carefree because President Saddam Hussein has defeated the
Infidempshinton and the Satanic America, causing grave embarrassment to the Covertis.
And, inflicting great pain on our enemies during the recent UNN Special Standoff.
This is why my fellow Iraqi citizens have died McDonald's, as to be celebrating most
tremendously this weekend.
Yes, yes, automatic weapons are to be fired to the air without regard for human safety.
I should enter the Baghdad McDonald's, bring what remains of your family to be meeting
the Ronald Mahameh De De Doh.
Do not be forgetting, as do today I have to be chopping not the hand of the hand-fed red.
You are the descendant of the roof of your loin to play in the Kili bunker.
As you choose, Ramanos, and the thing that includes big maps with secrets, God's sake,
fish mac-booms and liches.
Wörter thunder with views, not to be forgetting our famous lies.
Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens, we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the
United Nations.
And keep this weekend at the Baghdad McDonald's.
A portion of policy will be given to our great leaders, Saddam Hussein's most secretive
research and program to be building weapons of mass destruction.
Love in I-10, I thought it was a good segue, I mean, we probably would never play that again anyway, right?
Right, I hope so.
Here's a...
That's why I got it out of the way.
Here's the fact that when a Rick and Sad's going to be back on the year, on the year, in the year,
I think the 12th of never is of the day, right?
A market bell.
Yes, it's a song by Johnny Mancheris, the 12th of never.
Market on your calendar, or do you never land people?
They're not going to be back on the year, they're not working together.
The suds is like living off his wife's income, and I have no idea what Rick is doing
and couldn't care less to be honest with.
They're not going to be back on the year.
It says, now that Stern is not going to be on WQM, where can I listen to him?
Probably on an FM radio in Palm Beach.
Also, near you are great of listening to you since the late 80s, big fan, you do a great job,
when you're on AM, FM were said, like, I will always look for you, keep it up and say,
I had a stoned George.
Ayes, stoned George.
Hi.
Okay, let's take a few more names.
It looks like Depot is going to win this thing, which it's not a star studded, listed choices here.
I'm afraid to say.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
I'm not going to be back on the year.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
Radio Inc.
that you're writing future columns about religion and the day after that you're
writing about actually Simpson and her wardrobe but it's just amazing what a
bogus newspaper the hero does even at Jim DeFeedy that fat the plugwacker
that Jim DeFeedy even he was talking about about a year ago when he started
to remember that column about all well the hero used to be a great newspaper
but not anymore remember that I did WQM shuffling its line up again now this
is you know kind of repetitions but it's kind of cute in the fact that
um... probably see for the second time in four months sports talk radio
station WQM 560 is remaking its on-air line up dropping shock shock
hours during the morning drive and replacing with evidence always
Hank Goldberg day stuff beginning Monday early afternoon personality Jim
manages to expect it to move into Goldberg's old afternoon drive time slot
from 4 to 7 p.m. although station officials declined comment to day
Mandate side off his Monday show by Hintigat Major changes at the station
then open to this program saying he was ready to embrace a different
audience different challenges but Mandate chatted a deal and a deal until
it's a deal all we can relate to that on the show wow given in writing like
I told you Hank mad dog get it in writing get it in braille get it engraved in
uh... in platinum and do not whatever you do sign all those other provisions
that Joyce and Carol and once you decide over there though well we won't say
this we won't say that if we have lawsy ratings you can fire a fat I mean it
was unbelievable if they put us through just incredible station general
mangler Greg read did not return call seeking comment how unusual and a wq
official decline to confirm the move saying we haven't announced anything yet
that we're doing it usual way than dribs and grabs don't say a word then of
course it's in the paper the next day wqms on air line up a lot of go further
tinkering to fill holes created by Goldberg's and manages moves
stern side out at 6 a.m. for example an hour earlier than Goldberg show will
start leaving the station with an open hour in the morning and manages which
opens a spot for an afternoon host to the four the station is likely to
be a syndicated program in the morning in the interim probably will offer
tryouts to one of our host on the staff of the afternoon slot tryouts
all of the great like a steve nickel deal
can't wait all know that that's got to be a joke that's got to be Kevin
back to his imagination tryouts there is nothing worse in broadcasting radio
tv you name it
then tryouts
like the amateur hour although that is our station
dropping steering wheel on the o-roger the station's most popular personality
started for our midday show at ten a.m.
turns contract permitted to syndicated to continue well passes scheduled sign off
was that what the contract said well
wqm is decision to drop steer mark the second time less than a year that the
self-proclaimed king of all media has been pushed off the airwaves in south
Florida
in February wbgg
big
dropped stern as it's long time morning draft personality about the same time the
fcc began to find the program as part of a wide-ranging crackdown and programming
it deemed indecent
stern return to local radio on qm in august but too much later announced he would
leave terrestrial radios either it is again
and the fcc's policing for satellite broadcast was serious
when it's concurrent expires at the end of the year
running away i think i think manco had a right is running away
when you say that's a good way to describe it indeed
running away
instead of modifying a little bit
being clever enough to work over the flow
just run away but that's okay with good luck to him
he'll need it
twenty eight past eleven at five sixty wqm too bad about the full of being in
problem criticism of the shot in moe
i'm ready to support it in your mouth you have to be doing better than that
but lagging well in behind
the emerald coast wants to wish everybody happy new year and they might be
proud to announce that you can still enjoy lobster fest every friday through
sunday at the coast
the alcoast is for this number one agent gourmet buffet is rated by the
gall restaurant review and additional cost all you can eat buffet
now you can enjoy succulent juicy main lobster served thermador style
start your mouth watering experience with a choice of six different soups
and sample dozens and zillions
of fantastic oriental treats including a fried snapper and a Thai sweet and
sour sauce
an old favorite is just about everybody's whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce
even if you never heard of it
also enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over thirty
but thirty man different items
and if you still have room and more cost out of this world is there for a
features thermosu ice cream without your favorite toppings all kinds of great
goodies and a brand new
stint of the art chocolate found new found
just stand under there and just share yourself all over with that chocolate
don't forget the ammo cost also promotes healthy living because they don't
use any craft they use no msd no corn starts to cook all of their fine cuisine
with cholesterol free canola oil to make you a healthy as well
ammo cost three locations for you they're in sunrise any else beat
pemberpines for reservations column at nine five four five seven two thirty eight
twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two
and Richard at the ammo cost points out the leaves are still undefeated
to me all right
exclusive
twenty six
is the perfect mom
and the perfect Nazi how does she do it like any other good republicans soccer mom
mother by devouring her children after proudly sent him off to die for the
company with new i rack meat chunks
one's healthy boys and girls who were sent off to die in an unprovoked occupation
are being blown to chunks of tender meat that the group voted soil and halibut
and won't let go to waste now these brave young soldiers are ready to serve their
country at the dinner table with a variety of microwavable meals and less than 15 minutes
hmm tender chunks of flesh
jar mario's perfection and jane and cherry
beat rums felled on or bush-stake retard tart
enter the i rack meat chunks weep sticks for your chance to win a
packing ticket jacket just like the earlier i racked the jobs
another fun product from the bush meat grinder machine
number thirty three at five sixty wqm look at that depots in the lead in Curtis's
second something that's probably going to be depot and Curtis will be like the sidekick
all right then that makes sense sure does i mean Curtis has been like with mad dog in there
from that two to four slot the only question being who's going to be with managed four to seven
Curtis he's going to two to seven hey you got to pay your dues buddy that's true
that sounds like a possibility but anyway no no matter what we say they're going to do something
else anyway that thing about tryouts that that makes the hair on the back of my next stand up big time
tryouts my ass five six seven oh five six even there might be a few other names to put on there
i doubted but we'll see we'll give it a shot wqa m hello
hey new um i'm a Howard Stern lawyer listener yes um in reference to him you know as far as qa i'm
taken them off um i respect qa and i respect them the reason that's from the beginning they
have to get to put them on and nobody else did yeah so i respect you and for that as far as him
um running away he's running away from what he's been doing for twenty years or thirty and wherever
he goes there will follow and there will make money yeah so it doesn't matter he's not running away
from anything he's been doing the same things for thirty years so what's he running away from
what he's running away from is a changing uh standard on the on the uh traditional broadcast
dial that's what he's running away from but they've always got to stop i could run away too and say
well you know well let me pay the fart sounds or uh you certain words on here anymore but you don't
know because you know how it's not a listener so if if Howard was to modify his radio
now what you're saying to me what do you say what yeah that's what you're well my show's not
the same either but we're doing pretty well but no come on this is a come on be serious
isn't that your statement or red make your statement what you're saying to me is that this guy
can't do anything else besides the same thing he's been doing he's a one-trick pony is what you're
saying exactly just like you are because you know i don't know what you're talking about because you
have no other options what does that mean i have no other options do you have to change do you
think without work oh i'm going to be without work you should live so long pal go stick your head
back up how it's ass okay i'll be without work i'm here because i choose to be here okay believe
me i'm not going to be without work for five minutes loser and see he didn't respond to what i
said before Howard he said meaning Howard does one thing and that's all he can do it's like if
you have a beautiful car you can drive it only 90 miles an hour in the speed limit you find out
that there are a lot of roads where the speed limit's only 45 or 50 and well that when you're not
going to drive it anymore because um yeah you can only go 90 it's like stuck when you get in the car
it automatically your computer goes to 90 doesn't make any sense to me you have to be a little more
creative than that you have to be able to modify what you do you have to be mature enough instead of
being like a spoiled overgrown child you have to be mature enough to say okay well the guidelines
have changed but somehow we can fumble our way along and continue doing what we're doing see
that's another one i have no problem Howard Stern is accomplished tremendous things in broadcasting
but he's that the long before there was a Howard Stern on the year there were lots of other
grade broadcasters and long after they stick his ass in a box in the ground somewhere there's
going to be a lot of other grade broadcasters too not as many though because of the changing nature
of the business unfortunately which which it really doesn't have so much to do with the FCC it has
to do with the fact that the ten companies own every radio station in america so there's no more
creativity stations are willing to take a chance they recycle a same old cramp which is probably
what we're going to do by sticking defo on there but nevertheless i hope you and Howard have a
great life together and come on up here donterio maybe get married this weekend a five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line that would a Q a m hello
hey Neil how are you okay sir you know back when back before Howard came on when you when
you weren't supposed to say anything did you obviously think this was going to work out
in the very beginning yeah in the beginning but that was before we wait wait a minute that was
before we knew he was going to go to serious in the band in the ship and in addition to which we
also weren't aware of the fact that the radays he was going to go on to like eleven fifteen and
ten after eleven and then our audience see that there was no thought given to any of this
and I know that but that's my mind can I answer the question sure we we weren't aware of the fact
that the audience would be having a fit because they never knew what time to show it start there
was no discussion about that there was no thought given of that when they just went ahead and
slapped him on the air no I know but my point was not not saying when he was going to
handle or anything like that my point was do you think the Q a m was to keep him let's just say
he didn't even go to start I don't think he would I think there was this was just a change
just to make a change and I just like I'm not going to go on the morning absolutely wrong totally
I don't think there's I think there's no chance Hank is here next year at the same time slot
I don't think it's based on our track based on our track record that's probably true we've had
about fifty different morning shows in the last two and a half years it's ridiculous and
to take Hank away from from his afternoon he's cranking at four o'clock imagine what he can be at seven
okay that's a good point that'll probably spice the shop a little bit it'll be matter
in a wet hand getting up five thirty in the morning like I said keep the food away from him please
please and don't be put in mind at how easily it's okay too late he's on here got the right
color that idea 21 till noon at five sixty wqm we're here because we got nowhere else to go
I like stepchildren and we'll do the best we can we'll fumble our way along and like I said who
else is going to be on those channels of his who's going to be on there with him
child no I'm not talking about Hank I'm talking about Howard oh
don't don't worry wrong Howard let's take a look at the poll looks pretty grim and
slim goes to show how much influence I have who should do two to four on qm just before
fifty nine let that corn grow high and tall barbecued man it's good rapid and tin four put
in the barbecue man it's dynamite smear some butter Curtis Stevenson 38 Mohauer David at 29
Kimba Bulkamper 21 the big oh 20 God forbid a war in the crow cramarty's got a dozen that shows you
how desperate we are y'all the eleven Joseph Gackie seven first redbirds got one I'm sure
Troy voted and Lenny Martez so far as God hey they just don't understand that he's going to come
along like you were saying maybe next year maybe next year Lenny can do mornings 20 till noon at five
sixty wqam it's time to talk about acceptance capital mortgage and everyone's main man Anthony
Kellyanne though whether you're buying a new house or refinancing looking to get cash out it is
paying down you that acceptance capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done acceptance
capital specializes in just about any situation that can come along they'll get it done what
others can't hundred percent financing option arms new construction loans investment commercial
properties check out acceptance capital stress free mortgage payment program which lets you
pick from four payment coupons based on your particular financial situation for that month
with a pick-up a program no income verification is even necessary and your credit score doesn't
determine your approval like all of the programs because at acceptance capital mortgage they
realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people in most cases you can pull out cash pay
off all your debts and still pay less free mortgage payment every month call Anthony Kellyanne
would acceptance capital mortgage today and find out why he's everyone's main man that's acceptance
capital mortgage column today if you need some cash toll free it's one triple eight four eight three
loan one triple eight four eight three L.O.A.N. you are listening to me Roger
and I'm school is okay on five sixty fifty two A.M.
Rogers got Robert you've been in jail now for almost a year yeah how you doing everything's
cool uh what's your relationship before Bonnie's death a friendly relationship nope were you
ever violent sure yes Barbara Bonnie never had a chance and that night the night of her death
the trip to Vitello's is all dark yeah it's all quiet and right then and there I said I've
been waiting for this for a long time you did kill Bonnie and it was nice having a gun it really was
when 2020 returns Robert you're up there have you been for two years there's forensic evidence
I'm some murderous next how they belong to bitch had it come and I agree with you on it now she really
had a coming she was warned you know Christian ordered I know that Christian Brando right good Christian
okay so Norma can't emails me I saw the thing in a herald in Norman so did everybody also came to
people section nice job got us some publicity which is more than the station ever does so nice job
also it says released an inside radio radio and records and FMQB sought been there done that
when I wasn't busy tricking with baby boy Brian Norman says I got something done yeah you got
something somebody done all right so one thing about Norma's tricks they're all of legal aids
they're all runaways they're all cute but dumb as a dirt Ellie Brecker said to say hello to you
wishes you the best hamburger days is Norma can nice go on Norma at any rate 5 6 7 0 5 60 here's
an open letter from Michael Moore to the US Senate in fact he says just one senator please remember
the movie right the Senate that embarrassing episode yep in fact there's another very long
article at center website which there's no way I'm gonna try to read it it's way too long and it's
called by Robert Perry it says on January 6th will John Kerry report for duty and the essences
meaning tomorrow that's the big day tomorrow we'll carry join John Troniers Maxine Waters other
members of the house in supporting their expected motion for a full scale investigation of election
2004 particularly the widespread allegations of voting fraud in Ohio or while he pull an
allegor and just sit there like a statue which allegor does best anyway and he does a pretty good
job of that too Kerry stay me like the statue at any rate Michael Moore writes dear members of the
US Senate welcome back the 109th session of Congress is just begun I'm watching you on C-SPAN
right now and you all look so snap happy and clean faced it's like the first day of a school all
over again isn't it I have a favorite ask of you something isn't right with the vote from Ohio
seems a lot of people didn't get the vote and those who did thousands of theirs weren't counted
does that seem right to you I'm just asking forget about partisan politics for moan ask yourself if
there's a more basic right in the democracy than the right of the people to vote and have all
their votes counted now I know a lot of you wish this little problem of Ohio would just go away
and many of you who wish this are Democrats you just want to move on no pun intended I can't say
I blame you it's rough to lose two elections in a row in the first one you actually won and the
second one you should have won and it seems this time around about three million more Americans
prefer to continue to warn Iraq and give the rich more tax breaks than those who didn't no sense
in living in denial about that but something isn't right in Ohio and more than a dozen members of
the House of Representatives believe it's worth investigating so on Thursday tomorrow at 1 p.m.
Representative John Connors of Detroit will rise and object to the vote count in Ohio
according to the laws of this land he'll be allowed to speak unless at least one of you
one member of the U.S. Senate agrees to let him have the floor if not he won't be allowed to speak
a very embarrassing moment during the last session of Congress occurred in the first week when
none of you would allow members of Congress who were black to have the floor to object to the floor
to vote count remember that you thought no one would ever know this didn't you you certainly locked
out that night when the networks decided not to show how you shut down every single member of the
congressional black caucus no such luck this year everyone now knows about that moment of shame
thank you you're welcome but this Thursday at 1 p.m. you'll have a chance to redeem yourself
congressman Connors and it doesn't other members of congress have some serious questions about how
Republican Secretary of State in Ohio who also happened to be the state's coach here of Bush's
reelection campaign conducted the election on November 2nd the list of possible offenses of how
voters were denied access to the polls and however a hundred thousand of votes have yet to be counted
is worth more than worthy of your consideration it may not change the outcome but you have a
supreme responsibility to make sure that every vote is counted who amongst you would disagree with
that if you'd like to read more about the specific charges I asked you read these two links
in there in the story senators should object to Ohio vote by Jesse Jackson and 10 preliminary
reasons why the Bush vote does not compute and why Congress must investigate rather than certify
the electoral college I'm asking everyone on my mailing list to send you a letter joining me in
this call to do your job and investigate what happened before you certified the vote it only takes
one member of the house a member of the senate to stop the acceptance of the electoral college
and force a legitimate debate and investigation you know why this provision is sent in stone in
our nation's laws I mean mobility allows us two officials in the body of five hundred and thirty
five members to throw a wrench into the works the logs is because there's nothing more sacred than
the integrity of the ballot box and if there's any possibility of fraud or incompetence then it must
be addressed because if we don't have to vote what are we left with come on senators especially
with democrats here's your one shining moment of courage when you allow the capital to come down
on our black members of congress once again or where you stand up for the right to object will all
be watching yours michael more who said is this week will be on the today's show tomorrow morning
jaylen o'friar tonight and the people's choice awards this Sunday night live on cbs at 9 p.m.
preferring right 9.11 i think Josh we need to get that story i sent it to you for like tomorrow but
we need to get that on there today on the site michael moron okay can we handle that i can handle it
yeah the handle i'm michael morgue just one senator and open letter to the u.s. senate i think
Josh can handle it and the story too five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
Verizon singular wireless lines here at wqa m were the the the shuffle never ends man it's
like having a deck of cards and never stop shuffling kind of hard to play blackjack when they
when they when they are neither never stop shuffling you know who should they keep shuffling the
direct the deck who should do speaking that house tied direct to it i see we got a spot back on
here and i sculled Todd maybe you're doing it sweetheart who should do two to four o'cua
m's our full question 236 votes see not the tremendous response way yesterday no there ought to be
this is like no no but you see that would which means they're not that enthused like when you have
an election and almost nobody sure i just think of that yeah they're they're not that whipped up of
these aren't what you call great choices with all due respect to the people listed on this this
is not these are not some of the great hollow fame broadcast nominees you have to for a 73 courtesy
of incident who one day might be we hope 41 uh moe howard david and 37 who he had his chance like
solaceau you know that is chance now he's the hundred one everybody wants to take home their own
chie-mo Kimbo campers 26 the big rock solid oh 21 war in the crow rhymes with the big O 16
gildies only got a dozen they hate your gildies goes to ganky eight lady martes got one
and twice their adford one that's that's all i got i have nobody else to put on it i can think
who's available who's uh belongs on a year and of course some of the seven of the
other they don't quite frankly don't w.d. q.a. and hello hi nil yes sir hey i haven't been
listening to the past couple of these right here that they're taking hours to run off on one day
what was the reason behind that uh that you have to ask the beesleys why they're doing that i think
the fact that he's flying the coop to serious and has been promoting the hell out of that that's
uh that's a big part of it okay well i'm sorry about you how to get there okay thank you five six
seven oh five sixty i think there are a multitude of reasons but it's not for me to say there's
another Johnny mattress on there for it the twelve of them it's not for me to say and it called from
our good friend joe costella last night who's still uh doing his NASCAR show for xm out of washman
dc well good he said now he's single and plenty of time to mingle he said he's doing just fine
i guess we're not supposed to talk about that on here huh i guess not well why not he didn't want it
but uh you know that doesn't mean that you can't what talk about it well we want that all right
i mean i mean that's you know that's the personal thing we don't want to talk about it got to get
into the worst w-k-y-m hello hello yes sir how you doing now pretty good pali good good happy new year
yeah this is that blast from the past this is violent it's an idiot w-k-y-m hello q-a-m
spring day of hay is back nine to five whatever happened to dav hagan he worked in
uh new york or something they never went to new york sir and dav hagan is pretty good on
the other guy yeah and he went to new york maybe cuz i maybe kirtas Stevenson will go to new york
if they impact kirtas that's the way to do it if they don't put you on two to four threaten you're
gonna go to new york even if you don't have a gig going just just make threats so i'm leaving
i'm going to new york i'm gonna go up there with dav hagan they was good good guy too
yes it was and he was Jewish which i didn't know that why didn't you in fact you were telling me
he was very Jewish when you tell me that you're right i never looked medium Jewish i never looked
but i guess you might have somebody q-a-m hello me oh yes man oh hi um can i just say i love
Jewish and i think he could replace how it's turned yeah i wanted to say i think for you hung up
on me how would i hang up on you because it's easier to reach the post i tried you all day
yesterday yeah maybe you were screening me out but i like how can i screen you out what does
that mean they were doing screenless how can we we're not screening across how do we screen you
out i'll see if i call you all the time oh my case five six seven oh five sixty five five
well no she wanted me to hang up on her and then she wanted me to do it but just after she had
time to say she wants you want in a morning and what else did she say whatever was it was mighty
forgettable in other words your chronic uh that's okay we're desperate for lady callers anyway
so once in a while actually we that's three for three this week let's hear it we're off to a great
start in the new year three days and we've had at least one lady caller in all three shows that
is from what nice quote a pretty in good well there there have been times in the past year when
we've gone weeks hold on car sure i still think the screenless factor is if there are a lot more
lifeless guys out there plus 95% of the audience is male anyway it's a sports stage no judge
is standing let me know i listen to this crap women don't want to listen to this garbage this
swill this potty mouth foul mouth crap that's on a year all the time women are like dignified
they don't even fart well except maybe it's a supermarket oh i don't want to go into up a man
when women cut the cheese there is nothing quite like it i just don't know what that's all about
i mean a guy in fact i was thinking never the other day we were talking about farting in the
shower sure i was thinking farts in a can you want to make some serious bucks and novelty on them
they had to have had that and and you take it into the shower with you and you like give it a
spritz and yeah but then it's the we get to shower nice hot and steamy you get that steam going
in there and you just give a little spritz here and there we can make the sound back in the
label we can't do it anymore oh gee i better go to serious radio i can't far make fart sound see
that guy that crawled before that to me is such a cop out you know he can't do the same thing
he's been doing for 20 years well if you're one trick pony if that's all you can do fine you
know he's doing a good job or they can make his way he's going where the money is he's
cashing out there you go okay he's cashing out the deal now that i do that i'm not gonna take a
say are we having a ticker tape parade this week yeah i'm gonna take it by the heart i'm gonna take
her cuz she'll be very wounded if we don't do that i mean add that to me just yeah i'm
screwing all you i'm like stabbing in the back i'm promoting your direct competition and the
meantime how come you're not giving me a big farewell tour i'm not just in my head boy wqa m hello
qa m
i'm not that big
line eight which for some reason i almost never punched up maybe now we understand the reason
we shame if they weren't there one last chance qa m going once going twice
wqa m hello what is it that's right i know it's wrong but speak up ronson we understand what you
know what times you're sure and ronson okay i sure think it'd be more entertaining than defable
or i know depot's gonna get it i think that's a done deal that makes me very sad we will promote
a show that i will say there's on from two to four i mean after promoting mad dog being on
there from two to four we just everybody loves like crazy and i have it a little cornice
around there but me oh maybe he'll be good maybe he'll be fine you think he'll be fine uh uh
no i don't think i'll be alright now maybe without the joe and gildy there without the
little dog at least at least somebody knows who he is maybe he'll do like five and six
years in there what do you think no i think he's gonna be great the jeth the four shows starts
Monday two to four on qa m alright i think kirtus is gonna be with hank in the morning see i didn't
i wasn't aware when did they've hagan leave uh couple three months ago at least see i'm out of
touch like tom jikus is i'm out of touch with what's going on so i wasn't aware of that
between two jays and they've hagan leaving you're gonna have to fill me in and of course the puppy
i think you ought to go buy the puppy place send her looking to win the uh it's depressing
why is that those are those are puppy mill puppies you're looking at the survivors
you know something my dogs were puppy mill puppies that bought a toy store that has nothing to do
with like they were great dogs are you knocking my dogs now that they can't park that that
die your dog is great and they probably have like half the litter died on the in transit and
they know what song are you talking about that's what puppy mills that's what happens in puppy
mills that you know the ones that make it to the store they're the lucky puppies yeah
didn't have any the lucky puppies right the ones that weren't eaten by other puppies or other dogs
and it's just that's brutal 1157
eaten by other puppies that's in that part up that's beautiful three minutes till known at five
sixty wqm did you earn less than fifty grand last year Josh i did oh that's sad
the wonder we can't afford a zone hd set if your answer is yes then it's time for a career change
pick up the phone call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train fast train can
have you train already for a brand new high paying career in his little as four short months count
them you can practically count the days on your fingers fast train offers high demand high pay
what is it high demand high pay career training if you like computers never thought of becoming a
computer never professional call fast train today toll free at one eight six six fast train the
demand for computer professionals is an all time high right now at fast train can have you
trained already for that new career and just like i said it's a little as four months and no
matter where you live they got a convenient location close by you because fast trains got locations
in kindle my m a pember pines and fort louder dale fast train offers job placement and financial
aid for those who qualify day evening a weekend classes are forming right now so what's not to
like if you want to really change your life and start putting some cash in your pocket call fast
toll free today at one eight six six fast train your sneeze and meal Rogers
for us to go to five six weeks at two a.m.
nah this is Jennifer Lopez I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing
back about my nipples and that's when I listen to the meal raffer's 12 to one hour
coming up tonight an inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music
biography profile story they were to rock and roll with starbucks's to coffee they were the
alan Parsons project
well i like to make my music very dramatic and exciting so sweet inducingly dull as alan
Parsons that to this day he must travel with his manager slobby gold Alan Parsons was the guy
who earned me my nickname slobby you know when we wrote i in the sky we it was a thing where
we get up Alan i'm sorry anyway as i was saying it's all about to say
him at all give it something sure slobby right right now then what i wanted to say was
yeah the alan Parsons project every generation needed someone really crappy band how else can you
explain maroon five it's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight on inside the
behind see i play that even though i love alan Parsons project that's one of my favorite
songs of all time top five i in the sky i'm your fly i'm telling you you're like that i like
that i like alan Parsons project yeah so that's a cute that was amusing 1202 at five sixty
w two we don't let our own credit uses interfere with the comedy on the show okay that fresh new
comedy that you always always talking about but never delivers here's a fact from somebody who's
a little amusing i guess stop encouraging hank and mad dog to rape the station with new contracts
for more money who the hell do you think will end up paying for lining the pockets of rich people
like you hank and mad dog the advertisers of these shows the advertisers like to pay more for commercials
henceforth i like to change their charge their customers more to pay for these increases
we consumers are struggling already as it is and then it says cool i mean like that it says a
yeah yeah stop okay like i said dollar how are all right whatever you say now don't don't
don't decide those deals like mad dog says a deal isn't a deal until it's a deal and make sure
that corporate knows about it if you sign a contract okay because i hear that that yeah that's
always a good idea make sure that the corporation knows that this con because that's squiggle may have
used it before the year change may have been worth something in the past ain't worth too much anymore
okay they like to have some idea of what's going on since they're the ones who are paying the money
i just mentioned that in passing Greg here's the uh all if i ever told that whole story man i think
that would i i can't do it even even i even as much content as i have for what i've been put
through the last couple of weeks even i just don't have the uh the heartless feeling to do that
to anybody even him don't tell me oh it's really embarrassing okay water not see he won't tell me
who should do two to four on wqm starting that now see it's Wednesday already wouldn't
you think we'd have some our ducks in a row does somebody in place now about that he duck
oh wouldn't you think i'm not sure if we're going to ready we'll put out a press release
one on set Jeff DeForest i mean he's already been hired about a half a dozen times in the
life two years he's been hired back i mean we don't have anything personal against before other than
he's a backstab right now but other than that he's okay he never stole a freight train i don't think
paranoid insecure i got a good idea he's not doing anything right now how about the rim man
Jeff rimmer flyman from Columbus we can probably do the show right from his house like i do
we can do the show from Columbus oh hi oh what do you say the rim man do those still lady hockey show
that's right i mean football season college footballs over now we had the national championship
game last night u.s.a kicks in serious bloody ass oh sorry oj thank goodness that josh was there
to see that that was that it's so great what a perfect what did the guy say again that he's got a
knife he's got a knife here's oj signing autographs all these sucklings all these simple things that
have no no self respect they don't really care oh he's famous he was a great player he's a murderer
but we don't care yeah walking by people are like people are walking by and they're like oh that
was oj they start taking out their cameras it's like oh yeah isn't that pathetic isn't that said
and you wonder why people like Ted Bundy were getting like a marriage proposals in the mail right
everyone here the slime bucket the more a certain group of misfits gravitate toward them and of
course in oj's case scurrying is she still around no what about bro is she still around no the only
one left i think from that but of course you got Greg and the water Nazi they're they're also
obsessed and probably Maddie Bell is a big oj liquor would think when you don't know i would think so
well next time you have lunch with Maddie find out yeah right bring up oj's name or maybe
and once was Maddie and fat boy would be good who should do two to four on q a m jeff to force
82 out of 274 votes car Curtis Stevenson 48 Moe Howard David at 40 most starting to make a little
bit of a move can you smell it inch and up there that she and Moe are starting to sprout
Kim Bo camper 29 the big rock solid oh 24 war on a crow 20 yoli 16 Joseph Jackie's got 10 probably
all from the beast and maybe clearance see Joe doesn't belong on the air i know another breaks
hangs heart because they're good buddies for me to say that but Joe Joe's a good guy didn't
belong on the air he's got he's got a voice of like a mask of death i mean it's just uh
his blend is vanilla ice cream the only difference being a lot of people like vanilla ice cream nobody
likes Joe on the air uh Lenny martes three and Troy threadford's got a pair yes what i heard not like
uh but nevertheless that's what scurrence did before they fired her ass isn't that interesting i
was thinking about this in the shower this morning Hank got suspended for bitching out scurand that
time that was his second alias suspension that was before the Jeffrey LaRia suspension he got
suspended for bitching out scurand too much in the parking lot and calling her exactly what she is
and then the bizarre part of that whole deal is he gets canned not that long afterward so maybe
that's why Hank gets promoted to the morning show now because maybe he had a stomach on it you know
what i'm saying yeah people with a lot of these were very that was funny here's the facts from Jay
who says love the show well thanks Jay we love you i'm a really big fan of talk radio including
stirrin your show in sports radio however the list of potential replacements for mantis just
lot is embarrassing and you know what Jay you are absolutely correct any week Curtis is the only
potential candidate however he's extremely raw well i don't know about that i'm going to give
him his personal life the big no is awful josey sucks okay in the rest of the night more with a
comment in other words mo don't come any more boy you fallen from the good grace is mo
back in the day when he was doing mornings i mean i did was mention his name and i mean the lines
were all light up and they were like you're foaming at the mouth and like i'm listening good hope
you're enjoying your pay vacation well i always i always enjoyed those deals he so-called broadcasts
make great read look like a first-class general manager that may be a stretch however all this
talk is irrelevant because now this really matters because qm will be changing its line up again
another few months oh right man the boot of the bus he must the work of the station they like to
keep their listeners confused and be thought of much like i'm confused and be thought of like
read maintains employment when you sure got a lot of company on that deal you say naked pictures i
say naked videotapes jays says my suggestions high-rate headhunter service get a professional in
there to play best of nil no boy no more mad three transmitter maintenance for yet they can hear
that spanish language music in a back when we turn the transmitter off right right when he
probably get a big number probably get all your fear of tuning in we could just pipe that up
and sell spots on it and for war in the crowcrumbarty he's in an inadvertent comic mastermind he's
on the list by the way jay he's not doing too well there you go have a great life to leave me alone
rick faxed and says the only senator who had the balls to contest the vote died in the plane crash
paul wellstone which no one can get to the wreckage to investigate says rich well there you go
and with those conspiracy theories rick and even though you're probably right the timing of that was
sure suspicious uh... who are we to say you know only the lord knows for sure just like that tsunami man
we don't need to know the reasons because the lord work somebody actually did say that oh you know who it was
who couple of nights ago your post personal friend uh... low me eighty dollars was on air and he had his
his guests present bush forty one and clinton forty two
George Herbert Walker bush and bubble and i told you a little bit about this and we got to that
part where larry was asking about does it shake their faith in their religion and belief in god a
lot of people are wondering where was god when this was going on just like nine eleven and they both
gave the most super stilious outrageous but very expected you know cookie cutter answers to that
question tip to and around it like uh... you expect because it's not politically correct to attack
religion or god or quesney of these things and so as a result i was humiliated degraded and
embarrassed for both of them especially clinton who i well you know that's that's why you won't see
the nm smbc decided he was a talk show which he was he was on a thing for one or two shows and then he
went by by real quick but as soon as he made that comment or they got the comment out of the interview i
guess it was where he was attacking religion or organized religion rightfully so telling it exactly the
way it is and uh... he got involved in those debates remember that right and again he's doing
the tampants and but it be but about all this and that was the end of the jesse back into the ring making
the big bucks you can't be a successful politician or successful much anything in america and not be part
of the god squad specially nowadays man you better be a jesus christier big time you better either
that you better have your past in your tits is in your uh... yamaka all so non real tight especially
that's the it's it's is remember that day yeah when you're your counten came in your former or
orthodox you account came in a red doorstep yeah you talk about a man who looked like you know he
looked like that they look like look at bratsy when they hear it in the in the godfather remember that
well i like that when you're in pain for me i was wondering about that how did they do that
i was thinking about that scene last night you know the scene where they that i'm talking where he
was in the bar pretending he was going to over and join uh... sil
right down the bar to keep and then they get rid of him from the relief garrard him
and uh... his face gets all purple and his eyes like they're gonna
look like harbors bush like they were gonna pop out of his head how do they do that well they
call it acting no i bet they choked in the a little bit just for making it really for
beat red like that to make it purple there are people that do it for fun every day i've heard that
when you choke at time that you can make it purple you just heard problem it's passed new and that's
the rumor around town problem it's passed new at five sixty wqa and if you decide to start the new
year off right and trimmed down with the actins south beat sugarbusters or any low carb sugar-free
then head for the lights of west bokeh even tv's biggest losers are following low carb
diet their weight loss is incredible for years the lights has helped thousands of low carb
divers achieved their weight loss goals delights of west bokeh is your low carb one stop shop for
the right supplements and best selection and of course most important the best tasting low carb
foods stop it and sample any of their over twelve hundred low carb products like the brand new
chocolate dip cheesecake on a stick and their famous carbolite soft serve ice cream they have a
staff that knows low carb dieting inside and out and they're open every day till ten to p.m.
and don't forget their guarantee the lowest price policy on all actins carbolite and true
delight products too the lights of west bokeh guarantees you the batmani bells life on it they
will not be under sold the lights is located on the northeast corner of glades in four forty one
right next to Boston market or column tool free at one eight seven seven low carb this with a
w around the web at low carb dot com also with a w that's the lights of west bokeh your official
actins retail centers you are listening to needle Rogers
and
m
Roger my name posei he may name and I am your new attorney anor
I am here to love you for the benefit of those who do not yet know why I was chosen to be a
attorney anor
well you know those nine eleven investigation reports that had all references to studies
with active that was me
the why went through seven sharpies now much has been said about my tortures and all through
the president for some more because I think torture is all he took me not a thundanism custody
we have better rate rooms and he did very much like the question he appointed for the royal
for a good for a good thing I have asked our famous leader for even more rate rooms
they're nice to have the kid to blow up steam luckily for me I already got the
new invention as silly as way so let's go back to using the entermines bye bye
crop sixteen at five sixty eight he's real winner the torturer you must be on a escrow seem like
a boy scout oh and yesterday julie brun was on air before the show member i'm seeing and saying
oh just a handful of insurgents who are you know they're lucky people well guess what that
handful is over two hundred thousand which is more than the number of soldiers we have there
iraq's insurgency counts at more than two hundred thousand active fighters and sympathizers
the country's national intelligence chief told a fp in the bleakest assessment to date
of the armed revolt wades by suny muslims i think the resistance is bigger than the u.s. military
in iraq i think the resistance is more than two hundred thousand people iraqian television
service director general my hamad abdulla shawash shawani said interview ahead of the
january thirty of our elections shawani said the number includes at least forty thousand
hard-core fighters that rises to more than two hundred thousand members counting part-time
fighters and volunteers to provide rebels everything from intelligence and logistics to
shelter the i'm a part-time fighter the numbers far exceed any figure presented by the u.s.
military in iraq who lie a lot which is struggle to get a handle on the size of resistance
since topics on muslims regime baba baba baba a senior u.s. military official to decline the
endorse or dismiss these five cheese numbers in other words when they say when they watch the
dismissive when they want to know it you know they're full of crap right right
let's see here's a fact from villain for lauderdale for the two to four slot i think it should be
a group effort consisting of howard david warren chromarty tristroff and scroan it would be called
this is the band it would be called the mole crowshfeau and hosho
i love it nice going bill happy new year to you sweetheart five six seven oh yeah it would
be nice to know i guess friday they're probably way you know that they get various column on
friday in a hero maybe it'll just be a surprise that's what you face gimme sari and he'll write it
up in the sunsino and i know it might yeah that would be good tune in and find out that would be a
great idea that tbp show in this place they could never keep it quite long enough now i will say this
because there were rumblings that some powers that be weren't real happy about jirka's column
yesterday because this was supposed to be kept kept quite a little bit longer but it seemed
now correct me if i'm wrong in fact i got the article still right here somewhere wait a minute
it seems to me that tom quoted two different qm people in that article here it is gober takes
over stern slot um yeah because he quotes hankin here i mean if you're worried who the mole is where
this article came from then he quotes correct yeah because it says qm central manager Greg read to
find a comment on the potential changes conversations are taking place he said but nothing has been
finalized you see so would indicate that i'm only the maybe the humper i don't know who us build
but every time Greg runs around looking for the mole it turns out to be great yeah looking
a mirror he's at least partly mole kind of like Enrique was before he had a chopped off didn't he have
a chopped off i don't know how about the mole five six seven by the way in case you missed it anacorn
a hole you did not marry Enrique glacius we got something on ethereal and uh she that's her hobby she
girl making up all these funny romance with uh let's see who was the first surgeh federov and then
which is fine because the media that buys into most of these deals anyway like the uh the jalo
all her fag phony merges you know all these famous queens wqa and hello okay pali all right um
i didn't expect to take off our fray i was gonna talk about that for sure okay see
oh god i appreciate it too that you got right to the point being that you had nothing to say
that's good that was good call wqa and hello i'll go nila how are you pretty good sir
yeah i think if by the time Hank wipes the sweetbout of his eyes and clears his throat his
issue is gonna be over in the morning man he's not a morning person yeah i will find out monday
yeah okay we'll find out monday monday yep okay pali good luck this well we'll see you know who knows
if he's a morning guy or not i don't think Hank has ever done mornings before but that doesn't mean
you know right i think i'll just stay up all night and uh you know no crash afterwards you know
who used to do that Carl the suze on wbz and boss and who was there for about 80 years yeah that
workout uh one who was there for about 80 years well and every morning he was started showbushing i
he had this british uh effective accent you know he'd like uh real stuffy back back in the day when
they had those like jp macarthur in detroit you know personalities some of them really weren't all
that good but they were just like legendary oops but uh Carl the suze would say i bring your greetings
from all kinds of places in another way to his stout office i asked he'd been out boozing it up
all night and whatever you know and we just go right in the studio those are the days baby you can't
live in the past day of mayner jefferson k Bruce Bradley jade done lary glic Carl the suze every
major market had a big 50,000 lot powerhouse with real personalities on it like in the Pittsburgh
kdk and wls in chicago when lary lou jack was there what's happened to this business man it's
in destroyed haven't i been saying that for years now they just broken they've butchered it clear
channel cox broadcasting all these cookie cutter companies i just want to open up a pot and
broadcast the same garbage on 800 stations at the same time they've destroyed it that's why there's
a little talent around now that's why it's so hard to find somebody to stick in there two to four
because who the hell is there just like i'm saying about sir and howard who you gonna put on your
three serious things uh get serious who you got linsamuels he's already on there i'm serious
that's your give your real real insight is how desperate things are or maybe they'll put
misfudge on there that would be good that's self-hating queen wqa and hello how'd it hear and back to you
now that's not that yeah back to you too wm hello why'd you take the bit torn stuff off the site
the what we were able to download your files on there was file sharing bit torn george
must have taken it off i didn't take it off i believe in me nobody wanted it nobody wanted to use
it nobody knew how to use it so i don't know what it is god trying to spy a shot at them right now
send you the article what is he talking about bit torn it don't worry about it but what is that
it's a file sharing system that we had on the site briefly so that people could see the videos and
so that you know we could share bandwidth and everything but nobody knew how to use it everywhere
complaining so Eric took it down right yeah might you all business pal get your own website
puts oh by the way i got a great uh i got a whole bunch of stuff here that i'm never going to
do that bit in get a life loser i have no life blog reading explodes in america
americans are becoming avid blog readers with 32 million getting hooked in 2004 according to new
research they survey conducted by the pew internet and american life projects show that blog readers
ship a shot up by 58 percent in the last year 58 percent americans are shooting up some of this
growth is attributable to political blogs written and read during the u.s. presidential campaign no
despite the explosive growth more than 60 percent of online americans still have never heard of
blogs the survey found our survey said blogs or web logs are online spaces in which people can
publish their thoughts opinions or spread news events in their own words companies such as google
and Microsoft provide users with a tools to publish their own blogs the rise of blogs is
but a new desire for immediate news and information with six million americans now using rss
aggregators what rss aggregators are downloaded to pc's and are programmed to subscribe to feeds from
blogs news sites and other websites what are rss aggregators it's for example the way that i can
get the stories on my yahu page so we use that as well is that like this feed thing we got on our
what does that thing call i don't know yeah you do our attack found it one moment feed demon
no i don't know i don't know what that is but we get out of here and i know what that is i don't know
what that is well i recall telling him the aggregators automatically compile the latest information
published online from blogs and news sites that's exactly what the feed demon is schmuck okay reading
blogs your main farm or property than writing them the survey found while writing them takes first
of all a brain number two it takes some effort reading them as a passive for the blogger i think
even the best one is having somebody read it to you do you have that up there do i have what the
blogger song that boka brana did which is a sterile do i have it up here up there where you are the
blogger song
much
I didn't project my company into it.
I might be that as with my study figures that are incredibly new,
but I can assure I've given it as some unimaginable
pet pee-all desady to call me a nerd,
while that's the most ridiculous thing I ever heard.
Just because I believe the bunnies of Fine Art
will develop a subspace time shifter
and send the Olsen twins back to Primordial Earth
to establish the unchist rats of Bolivia.
It is true I have no picture in my profile,
but I can assure I resemble the silver serpher.
I had a goodly amount of porn.
I am not queer. I am just a statue of a feather
with the logo's here.
Or it may seem a fetish that I have moved on my head
and I keep on prosthetic.
It would please me to get a few more dates
on my extremely rare box of quicks.
Yeah, I got it.
Okay.
You think that's hysterical? I think it's hysterical.
Well, only 7% of the 120 million U.S. adults
use the Internet as created a blog or web-based diary.
Getting involved is becoming more popular,
though with 12% saying they post a material or comments
on other people's blogs,
just under one in 10 of the U.S.'s Internet users
read political blogs such as the Daily Costs
or InstaPundit.
Daily Costs we used a lot of the intelligence.
And they were full of crap when they...
Well, maybe they weren't full of crap.
They had the right count,
the exit pulling and everything,
and then of course the fixed numbers came in.
Or InstaPundit during U.S. presidential campaign.
Carey voters were slightly more likely to read them
than bush voters.
Some of the bush voters had people read them to them.
Blog creators were more likely to be young,
well-educated, net savvy males,
with good incomes and colleagues' education to survey found.
This was also through the average blog reader,
although the survey found there was greater than average growth
in blog readership among women,
and those in minority groups.
The survey was conducted during November
and Bob Telephone surveys the other 11% part of the group.
Yeah.
And blog.
And of course, there's some people who have a blog
which nobody really cares what they have to say,
but it's kind of like an ego thing.
You know, well, here's what I think.
And of course, in most cases, you're thinking,
well, who the hell cares?
You will listen to Neil Roger.
And the school is in place.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
Oh my God.
From 32 to 560 WDQ on the Mad Dog, three days in a row this week, cutting like that.
Alright, let's hear it for the hard work and dog.
Two to four this afternoon, Hank had to wind him in crystal palace in the Bahamas from up 4 to 7, plunging his brains out.
Hurricane Highline at 7, does anybody care about that?
I wouldn't think so now.
And then the big date because we got nobody else and 80K at 10.
355 votes on the pool, not like yesterday when we did over a thousand even during the show.
That was, well that's because that was humongous news, right?
Right.
But today's pool, and again, the choices on here aren't that outstanding.
The people are going to go racing to their computers and say, oh I got a vote on this.
I got to get in on it.
Who should do two to four IQM starting on Monday?
We're looking for a little programming help because quite frankly, we haven't got a freaking clue.
You have to forest 102, D-fold, my close personal buddy, the D-fold man, who's got of course have the Pauli man.
Maybe we can forget about D-fold with Curtis because the Pauli man would have to be the sidekick.
Doesn't he part of his deal everywhere he goes?
I reckon.
He'd have to pay that at his own pocket though.
It's kind of like Mr. Ego and Brian Craig.
I shouldn't talk about Brian Craigman, normal, something like that.
He still says you're a pretty lame and he has sex, Brian.
Uh, Jettifer's 102, Curtis Stevenson's 64, Mohauer David's 46, a rather limp third, Kim Bocampire 43, right on Moses.
Oh, can't you just envision that?
The big O-37, Warren the Crow, Cromarty 24, Geltty only got 19.
Geltty, man, you've been on the station 80 years, you only got 19 votes.
That's like about a third of a whole year, about a fifth.
Joe Zagaki, 11, Price Radford, 5, and Lenny Martez has got four.
It would be good for some hoots, huh?
Sure. I think Lenny could probably work with Tommy in the production.
You know, it's kind of like home up his broadcast skills before he actually gets his own show.
Deputy QA and hello.
Hey, why can't Matt don't just do those two hours as well.
I don't know, two to seven sounds good to me. I like it.
Yeah, yeah, come on.
Or, when you got to the station?
Listen, what about two to six?
Got to work.
Yeah, okay, thank you.
You know something this guy, why don't they do that?
Look, well, you know what it is?
I don't think he wants to do four hours.
No.
That would be the answer, because once upon a time, back in the day, we were doing, let's see,
what was it? It was the worst evening in the morning, and then we were 10 to 2,
and then Hank was 2 to 6, right?
The shift is not 3 out of 4 to 7.
There was no such shift in radio as 4 to 7.
Maybe somewhere.
Right? Just like there's no shift, like 10 to 2.
Or the ideal.
That would be perfect, two to 6.
And then six, who cares after 6?
We don't really care after 6.
Six a.m. to 6 p. That's where the numbers are.
That's where the revenue is, okay?
After 6 p.m. everyone was watching the TV news, they're reading dinner,
they get ready to go out and get late, or whatever they're going to do.
Watchin' TV, prime time, right?
Right.
So, two to six sounds like that.
I don't know why they're doing that, because I guess because they want to be consistent.
They consistently do things that make no sense.
Plus, I don't think he wants you to do four hours.
A little bit too much, even for the mad dog.
And he's got another business.
If he didn't have the other business going, which I guess is where it makes most of his money
from his construction business, if he didn't have that going,
and then all the dolphin responsibilities as well, maybe he might do two to six.
Please have a pretty pleased, really say mad dog.
Two to six sounds like that.
I think that's the solution.
Why don't they consult me on these things, huh?
Why did it consult me before they did this whole stirring business?
Yes!
Yes!
What do you say, man?
Two to six.
Okay.
I think we just made a deal.
Now let's see if we can get somebody to sign it, whose signature means something.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Riders line.
Oh, by the way, it is written in my contract.
We're not allowed to criticize Maddie Bell.
No, it specifically says we can't call him a wrinkle-up old midget that works down a hole at power,
but keeps interfering with QAM.
W.A.M. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, Pally.
Yeah, I received a nomination, yes.
Yeah, okay, good.
Nomination for Jack, I said the month, and it's only the fifth of the month.
Good work.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, I'd just like to let you know.
My fiance and I are moving to Canada and June.
All right.
All right.
Where are boots?
A little east of you, won't you all?
My three-hours are fine places. Have you been there much?
Absolutely, I've been there five times.
Oh, that's a great city.
Every city.
I mean, the weather is horrible.
I mean, a thousand times worse than here, but on those ten days here when the weather is nice, it's great.
Absolutely.
I'm getting married in Notre Dame and June.
New church there.
I'm going to tell you, man, it's one of my favorites to the end.
I never thought I would like it that much, but it's kind of across.
It's like halfway between Toronto and Europe.
In other words, Toronto is a little more European than American.
It's like a little, you know what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
But why do you always write in the middle?
It's like halfway between American and the European.
Very great.
Absolutely correct.
I used to give you stats at the Panther Games.
Sorry they're not playing this year, but hopefully we have next year.
Well, see, don't go before.
I think that the name of that great restaurant that I love in there.
There's so many fantastic restaurants in Montreal.
The food there is some of the best in the world.
Have you ever heard of it?
Are you familiar with that?
Sure.
Absolutely.
Great food eating at several restaurants.
Very good.
There's an Italian restaurant where begins with a B and per life.
I can't think of it downtown.
Oh, gee.
Well, I'll bird it out during the show.
It'll come to me.
Hey, Phil Salman.
Worst karaoke singer in the world.
Take care of it.
Good guy.
Okay. Thanks, Brian.
We love you Phil.
I keep saying it every day in hopes that he might get the message.
I'm sure he'll get the message.
I'm Phil Salman, retired on Sunday called his last race after 20 years of doing any fine job.
It called a race-fac-great guy.
In spite of the fact that he puts some real goofballs in the seats of the hockey arena in front of me and around me.
But nevertheless, nine-year-old boy fascinated by toilets.
Here's one of my favorite stories.
Masalano Hio.
Nine-year-old Joey Sine is so interested in how toilets work.
That he wrote a letter to a toilet maker asking if they would produce a clear commode.
You know how they have clear right?
Other things, you know, like I'm trying to think of a good idea.
You know, some dear kids are working so they're inside to know.
Right, exactly.
The Kishby is the inside.
He thought it would be neat to have a clear toilet in his house so he can see how it works in his father, Nick Sine.
The letter to Kohler, A. was the one we've all heard to Kohler.
It was Constan-based plumbing.
Have any of your heard to Kohler?
Sure.
Wisconsin-based plumbing product company sent last year when Joey was eight cut the company's attention.
It's pretty unusual to get a letter like that from an eight-year-old said John Vashaw, the company's custom service director.
A clear toilet wasn't doable.
But officials at Kohler wrote back twice.
We were so impressed by the fact that he took time to write a letter, Vashaw said.
In December, the little plumber from Assalam got a present from Kohler, a state-of-the-art book flush toilet.
Book flush toilet.
I have no idea what that is.
I don't.
My imagination sure is right.
Joey, who keeps a toolbox under his bed, not that Joey's a little bit strange, you understand.
With nearly speechless, a local plumber agreed to help the boy install his dream gift.
When we built it, when we built our home, he would come over a lot when they were building it.
And he followed the plumber around.
He would just watch, said Michael Sinejoey's mother, Michelle.
Michael.
Michelle Sine.
When Dennis Potter, a high-risk spa and parts taking the lead, Joey helped him move the old upstairs bathroom toilet and styled the new one.
Potter taught the youngster how to install a toilet and give him tips and quiz him on the many functions by the end Joey was working on it by himself.
Among his duties, as I said, a play on words.
Yeah, sure.
Are you smitten me?
Among his duties, Joey disconnected and carried out the old toilet tank.
He unwrapped a new toilet seat, screwed it on the bowl, and discarded a product sticker.
Joey smiling the entire time was eager to learn from a real-life plumber.
Plumber's our guardians and nations helped because they take care of everything Potter told his apprentice.
For Joey, it wasn't all that deep.
It was just fun to put it together, he said.
And I think there's a little symbolism involved there, Joey's trying to already at his young age learned that life is basically a polish myth.
You are listening to Neil Rogers.
The rest of the world is on the five seconds.
You may end.
The toilet swores an egg at.
And my New Year's resolution is to get all of my Republican friends to change the Constitution so I can be president.
Once I do that, I resolve to destroy all of the copies of the videotape that shows me smoking reefer in the seventies.
Okay, Happy New Year everybody.
That's the critic.
1243-1701 at 560 WQM got 390 votes.
He had a little choked up about it, especially thinking about default being on two to four.
Well, at least it'll be on after us.
You see what I'm saying?
I do. As opposed to back in the day when we were preceded by the worst team.
You see, one of the problems that you used to have in the morning on the worst team,
you said the fact that there were three people on there.
You don't need three people.
That was the, that was the trigger in a wood pile.
I went right there.
But, uh, within that they couldn't get out of it.
And they also couldn't read the clock.
And then Robert Greeper would open the deride, be sitting in there ready to go on at 10 o'clock.
And he opened a, well, we're going to be two minutes over.
They had a very important interview.
How can you have a very important interview?
That's so important that you can't tell what time it is.
Well, it's an important sports interview.
Oh, that's right, I forgot.
Because on this station when it's a sports thing, then it's extremely important.
Where's that sports thing we got? What does that call?
Sports!
I don't know, not that.
That new one.
Oh, I don't want to tell you this.
No, no, I don't know what it's called.
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Sports!
Let me say it again.
Kurt Warner is a pain in the ass.
He is a real, uh, you talk about the Jesus Christ, who is who are offensive and obnoxious and never give it a rest.
We're not interested in the middle of a wheel of fortune to hear it about Jesus, okay?
And by the way, you lost, loser.
That'll teach you over that the braw was playing with the Kurt Warner.
That'll teach them to team up with him, loser.
One lucky year, that's always a fluke, right?
Kurt, uh, Josh, whatever your name is?
Well, I wouldn't call it a fluke, you want a super bowl, but he hasn't been good since.
It's a fluke!
What about, what was the guy's name?
It was Johnson, Bob Johnson, but what was his name?
Tampa, when he won the Super Bowl?
When Tampa won the Super Bowl?
Yeah.
It was, uh, a rare...
A rare chance.
A rare chance.
Brad, that was close.
Brad Johnson, somebody with a B, who's with a B?
Brad Johnson, how's he doing?
Pretty terrible.
Yeah, he not even playing, is he?
No.
Isn't Greasy playing quarterback for Tampa Bay, which they lose every week?
So that goes to Shory.
Anybody can get it.
Now when a guy wins a two out of three years, when his team goes 14 and two like the lovely Tom Brady,
then it's a different story.
Then you got some real talent.
He ain't no flash in the fan.
Even you being a dolphin fan would have to admit that.
Well, not a dolphin fan, but yeah, again, that's...
You're not a dolphin fan?
I mean, you know, I wish him the best.
I live here, but...
I don't...
I'm not like a huge dolphin fan.
Well, then, what do you like?
I actually like the box more than I like the dolphins.
You like the Tampa Bay Bucks?
Yeah, I live there for a couple years.
Oh my God!
That explains a lot.
Oh my God.
That explains your hostility toward Avril Lavigne and all Canadians.
I don't understand that.
That is outrageous.
Anyway, if you have a 97 votes, who would you want on from 2 to 4 starting one day?
But you better decide quick, because we don't have a lot of time.
You don't have fast money's going to be here just like that.
It'll be here.
If they put supporting news radio on, they'll 7 o'clock in the morning.
See, I want to say these things very loudly.
Not that I really care.
We're here.
We're back to 10 to 2 starting Monday every day.
You know, all we can do is take care of our own little business here, right?
That's all we can do.
Tell them.
But I just...
If they never listen to anything that I tell them.
I didn't I blurt on the air about the stern and about the self-employed moral sensor of South Florida.
And all the problems that we're going to have all of these things in the FCC complaints.
All of the tourists are...
They won't listen.
Just go ahead behind everybody's back and pull all these deals and then they just keep blowing up in their face.
Over and over and over again.
How many times can a kid put his hand on a hot stove?
How stupid you have to be kid.
Okay?
Just...
He's not even like reaching up there to touch it.
You know, like real quick, like...
Now, he's slamming his hand right on the red hot stove, on the electric stove.
The burner is just...
A brilliant red.
And he keeps sticking his hand on there and getting burned.
How many times can you do that before somebody says you're a mow-ron?
You know what I mean?
A mow-ron.
But nevertheless, 403 votes.
Jeff DeForest has got 113.
He's way ahead of the pack of a very lackluster group.
Curtis Stevenson, I don't mean any disrespect to Curtis in that, but he's like a little...
What behind the years?
Little raw.
70.
Kim Bo-Kamp for 52.
Little stiff.
Kim is a little...
A good guy.
Big guy.
Big huge guy.
He wouldn't want to mess with him.
He got that big cow in front of his university dog.
But a little on the stiff side, wouldn't you say?
Mow-Hawaii, David had 49.
I'll look at that.
Kim is moving ahead of Mow.
Oh man, Mow.
How you have fallen.
The big O, 41.
War in the Crow, 28.
You notice how we got a whole bunch of people?
We got Mow, the Crow.
Big O.
The Crow, the big O.
We used to have Joe.
In fact, we used to have two Joe's.
If Kim Bo-Kamp.
Right.
As I just said, Bo.
You said that.
Gio, you have 24.
Say Bo.
Bo.
Joe is a Gaki 14.
Kim Bo.
A Lenny Martez 6 and Troy Stradford's got 6.
Lenny Martez and Troy are tied.
If I were Troy Stradford, I'd be very offended by that.
I think it's a racial thing.
Oh, or quite frankly, isn't Lenny like a little darker than Troy?
It's a little bit, yeah.
When you come right down to it.
Now Lenny is what?
He's a...
What?
Oh, he's a beacon.
I thought you liked him, though.
I do.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
You're a big fan of him.
Majority University alumnus.
How you graduated, I have no idea.
I wouldn't say I'm a Michigan State alumnus because I went to school about five weeks.
You know, and after that, I realized it was a pile of crap and had a good time growing a lot of beer.
But alumni is plural, okay, for a rhyme and girlfriend.
Is the restaurant you're talking about called Bonanote on San La Ronde?
No, it's...
Bokachinos, it just came to me, it begins with a B.
Thank you very much for my Bokachinos, man.
That place is so good.
There's so many great restaurants in Montreal.
You want to pick out?
I'm telling you, you'd like Montreal a lot.
I'll be right back.
It says Uber trend de Italian, Bonanote.
I think I've seen that on San La Ronde.
Montreal is North America's best city.
No, and I would not agree with that.
Toronto's heads and shoulders above Montreal, but Montreal is outstanding.
Great food, yeah, the food is better than beautiful women.
I shouldn't see any beautiful people of any gender of any of the three.
Boy, they have some of the ugliest people here because most of them are frogs.
Lade back conucks, quesiligal herb.
Yeah, it's a very progressive, even more progressive, I would say, than Ontario.
It's Quebec.
They are so per militantly progressive.
You don't mess with the fags, you don't mess with the weed, with the apothecates, you don't
mess with anybody.
It says except for the French.
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now we got it.
Except for the French, it is a paradise.
Oh, and the winter starts to ride.
Now we're getting to the truth.
The weather is really brutal.
They have really nasty winners and too many French people.
And not only that, you think you got a language problem in South Florida, which you do.
Wow.
I told you those stories about Sydney, or the casino in Montreal.
And people who speak French have noxious frogs or like, to your life and to your right.
And they just tell them very nicely, I start out speaking English.
And then they'll speak English here for like 30 seconds and they'll turn you like two minutes later and speak to your French again.
So either they got all the timers or they just rude and obnoxious, which I think will latter to be true.
The people here are a lot more polite, a lot friendly, a lot more, plus, plus much better looking people here.
Oh, trust me when I tell you, all varieties, all four.
I trust you.
Now I'm telling you, believe me.
But Montreal's a fine city, you'd like it a lot.
And the food, if you're like skinny and you want to like bulk up, or if you just ready to die and you don't care,
oh, the restaurants are to die for.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 out of Verizon and singular bottle flants.
If you go to Montreal, Boca Chino is, trust me when I tell you, it's not a real fancy place.
It's a beautiful restaurant, but it's one of those we can get like, you know,
Ville or Omelets or just about anything.
Breakfast all through the day.
But if it's a Ville, huh?
You can spend the Ville or two, yeah.
And then of course, in between spending the Ville or Kurt Warner will turn you on to Christ.
Jesus, Kurt, when you go away already, get off of my screen.
You crazy Jesus Christ to you.
That is just so obnoxious, man.
You know, believe what you want, but only in appropriate places is where you're supposed to deal with it.
And I try to force it on everybody else.
That's the thing where he's going, man.
They just won't stop.
They won't stop trying to force it on everybody else.
We don't want it, you know?
Oh, but vanilla ice cream is great.
Great, enjoy it.
Eat tons of it.
I don't want it.
You'll think of it from heaven.
Oh, beans.
The refried beans are great.
Eat all the refried beans.
Part your brains out.
Okay.
I don't want the refried beans.
All right.
Don't try to force them on me.
Jesus.
Oh, sorry.
Dominic, who I am.
Hello.
Let's hear the obo show.
The obo show.
Okay.
The obo.
I think he's probably got the flute show himself.
Sounds like it.
Maybe it's the flutty show.
Let's get that flutty.
He ain't going to be another.
He's still playing.
Can you believe that?
He's at Diego, right?
Yeah.
Well, how old may he must be?
You know, about 55, something like that.
Doug Flutey.
I remember that game I saw it.
I was watching it live, Boston College and University of Miami.
God.
One of my greatest memories of my life in sports.
You remember that?
Well, that's before you were born probably.
You're just about.
He was right there, but, uh, well, I don't like the game on the Miami fans.
But, uh, you've seen it.
Yeah, I definitely have.
You've seen it.
How many times this week?
About 30, man.
That, uh, Hail Mary, uh, Doug Flutey touched down past right to end the game.
The beefy vaulted hurricanes.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
You can't spell scone without UM.
W2AM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Down in the area, I, uh, lived down there for 20 years.
So I've been in town for the last few days.
So I've heard a lot of good stuff.
I want chime in with two names.
What, uh, what about the Booster or the Rimmeister?
The Rimmeister?
Right.
We're not.
Booster's busy doing baseball.
Can't do it, pal.
I have a great way out here.
He didn't hear that part.
Boo.
We like Google a lot.
But, uh, the fact that a matter is he's going to be doing baseball games in addition to
which his talk show performance is, uh, just...
Rock and roll, talk.
Hey, everybody, how about those dolphins last night?
They really kicked the bass up.
You like Google a lot.
We like Google a lot.
But, uh, forget about talk shows, okay?
Plus, and whatever happened, I guess he turned down to San Diego dealers.
That's still up in the air.
I don't know.
I haven't heard anything further.
You know, you're certainly out of the loop for Godets in their right on Dave Van Boren's
need during all of the home games.
You should be, uh, a little tighter with the Marlins organization.
I will think.
Or maybe you just don't want to be tied over the organization.
I'll write in an email.
Yeah, send him an email and find out what the deal is, okay?
Inquiry minds would like to know.
We don't want to lose booge.
In fact, if the organization were really sharp, I better not say that.
I don't want to get Jeffrey Laurie and David Samson up, so I would mean look what happened
to the poor Humper.
Like I said, if they were really smart, they would make booge leaves the number one radio man
or he'd get the TV gig.
Now that Len Casper went to Chicago, now that, uh, the Cubs...
Did I ever talk about the reason they got blown out there?
Why is that?
Skip, uh, what's his name?
Chip Curie and the Steve Stone.
They were ripping the Cubs players toward the stretch.
You know, when the Cubs folded like an accordion like they usually do, they were ripping them
and asked like, Harry would do back in the day when Harry was alive.
But they ain't no Harry.
You know what I'm saying?
They would tolerate it from Harry Curie, but not from these guys.
Not from, uh, grandson.
Well, they're not Harry.
So Steve Stone, he got sent back on his way to Arizona and, uh, to do his boyfriends.
And, uh, Chip, uh, took the deal and landed with his daddy with Skip Curie.
That's a real story about what happened to Chicago.
I thought Chip did a really good job.
Chip Curie's good.
And Steve Stone been there for every, you know, she's been there a long time.
Never seen Steve Stone and, uh, Muff Together, same person.
Anyway, here's a fact from PR Ralph, who's out of control, out of control, out of control.
Got his fire report.
Like I said, we always love faxes from PR Ralph.
It says while on lunch in the orifice watching channel four, they mentioned the following news.
We are glad to announce that Neil Rogers has resigned or is that say resigned?
Now see, that's, that's spelled the same way.
Sure does.
No, no, I think we signed.
He's got a hyphen, doesn't it?
I would have.
This is resigned with five Suzy A.M. for another two years.
The amount of the contract announced, but it's got a six figure signing bonus.
So the newscaster, Black Girl, said it was great for you and congrats to you.
And then they said, pause Brian Andrews is in Indonesia.
Oh, no.
Nice segue.
Well, yeah, one thing about that one, if he was, if he was there during the tsunami.
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth?
He could just float away.
And I just fly away, Brian Andrews.
Want to channel seven's many news fairies.
Here's another fact that says bloggers have, I wonder how your buddy, Ms. Kamala, is doing on the inside.
Five?
Two big thumbs.
Yeah, they did.
Bloggers have no credibility.
Most of them are a bunch of overly caffeinated itself loving bums who have never had a real job.
Says this fact's like most right wing radio, talk show hosts.
It wouldn't be so bad if blogs were entertaining, but every blog I've read has the sense of humor of Sean Hannity at Sunday Morning Services.
You have an excuse for participating, excluding the deservedly bombastic opinions and rants you're good at it.
Make this laugh. You've paid them a scene amount of money to do it.
Bloggers don't get paid. Can't get laid.
Our about us entertaining is watching Voka Brian's hair grow.
I'm supposed to care what kind of person I have.
What that kind of person has to say?
Blogs suck.
And beware reports crafted by any foundation with the name Pew in it.
The Pews are right wing nut jobs, noting a corporate feudal state.
Conservative talking heads love to promote the fine young American bloggers,
muck raking the liberal media despite what that article said about cherry supporters, more likely to read blogs.
There's a very, very educational informative facts.
And it pretty good.
How come everything is going so well lately? I don't understand it.
I mean, just the last three days.
Oh, don't judge it.
Okay.
Well, we got to tell Monday to see what happens.
What kind of Schmidt they voiced on us on Monday.
But do not put sporting news radio on the air between six and seven a.m.
Police. You have to hop a little bit of a lead in there, man.
Not sporting even what's his name.
Don't go back just to do five to six or five to seven.
What would be wrong with that?
Nothing.
In fact, today's he would, how he's used to get enough there and doing the five to eight.
He could do five to seven.
What?
Sporting news radio.
What? Are you crazy?
Is that what it's going to be?
Is that what it's going to be?
I think that's what it's going to be.
See, that gives the Humper a handy crap right off the bat because he's going to be responsible in the book for six to ten morning drive.
If they're putting them on it like goose up morning drive, which obviously they are once they blow stern out, why would you give a guy a handy cap?
Why would you put an hour of dead air on behind them?
Because that's six o'clock hours of fourth of the entire time period.
Oh, well, 1258 at 560 WQM did you earn less than 50 grand last year?
If your answer is yes, then it's time for a career change.
Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train.
Fast train can have you train already for a new high-paying career in as little as four months.
Fast train offers high-to-man high-pay career training.
If you like computers ever thought of becoming a computer network professional, call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train.
The demand for computer professionals is an all-time high and fast train can have you train already for a new career in as little as four months.
Fast train's got fantastic locations all over town for where they're in Kindle, Miami, Pemberpines and Fort Lauderdale.
And fast train offers job placement and financial aid for people to qualify to and even have day evening and weekend classes which are forming right now.
So if you want out of that dead end job just say goodbye to your press boss and get yourself a real life with a real paycheck to go with it.
Call fast train today 1 866 fast train.
This is your listening to new rocket and school system.
This is QAM.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
I absolutely want to puke.
Hey, I'm Ashley from Finland.
Some of you guys might know me as a fast train since the last six years.
And if I ever record an album, I want this guy to speak to you in the month to make me beautiful do it.
We're on the California.
It's like the New York.
We're against India.
And then we're gonna rock the East East.
It's like the White House.
Yeah!
I'm just not feeling well at all.
I just want to show a little bit of what I'm on the floor.
So, how do you see our youth up?
Not at all.
You can pee owner or no, if they call us pee owner, you need somebody else to pee on.
Are you lying?
No!
That's the only thing I can take the thing out of it.
My decision to change the Super Bowl performance was actually made after the final rehearsal.
I am really sorry if I have seen anyone that was trooping at my intention.
102 at 560 WDQM, deposed out of Italy, nobody's gonna catch him and that's the way it is.
Maybe they'll surprise us, maybe they've done a nationwide search this week.
Are they gonna bring in some real high paid hot shot talent?
Do you think?
Condom testing reveals the best brands.
Don't you think this is a great interest to all of our people out there?
We should know.
Yeah, you should know.
That's too late now.
Yeah.
The consumers group best known for waiting cars and washing machines has turned its testing prowess to condoms to find out the best brand.
They find out which ones measure out best now out of birth control methods compare.
The only problem with that is this is like consumer reports, you know, that magazine.
Yeah, that you haze for some reason.
Because most of the crap I haven't read that in years, but when I did read it back in the day, their reviews were garbage.
They're full of crap.
I always had the feeling that they were getting smeared somewhere, you know?
So you had to be feeling.
The nonprofit consumers union says in a new guide to contraception that the seven top types of condom-based study did not burst,
despite vigorous testing and all models met international standards.
I wonder how they did that vigorous testing.
A machine?
I'm sure that.
But a result showed that's a top brand able to take the most punishment.
Was the directs extra-sensitive lubricated latex, accordingly report?
The directs extra-sensitive lubricated latex.
Okay?
By the way, I mentioned today how much I love FedEx because it rhymes with latex.
FedEx is great.
God.
Other top performers include the directs performance lubricated,
lifestyles classic collection ultra-sensitive lubricated, and they fit lubricated.
You got those?
No, no, no.
The directs performance lubricated, lifestyles classic collection ultra-sensitive lubricated, and they fit lubricated.
A melancholored model, or a melancholored model, isn't that sweet?
Is that like watermelon colored?
Not flavored?
Who do you think uses those?
A melancholored model distributed by plant-parenthood performed the worst, or a distributed by plant-parenthood,
bursting during a test in which the latex condoms were filled with air.
How do you like that?
Well, that's plant-parenthood, all right.
That's a way to plant it.
Maybe another called planted-parenthood.
The group says its review of contraceptives was not politically motivated, although there is an intense debate among health professionals and advocacy groups about to focus on absence only education by the Bush administration.
We plan our testing programs quite well in advance.
This is purely accidental since senior editor Nancy Metcalfe.
Consumers union standardized tests to rate the products of the examines which for latex condoms involves filling them with air.
There was no septic method test silicon or non-latex condoms.
You end up with a balloon about three feet tall and a foot wide.
They can really stretch an amazing amount of Medcalfe said in telephone interview.
Yeah, I've seen that.
The New York-based organization with publishers they consumers reports magazine also tested 16 other contraceptive choices.
Condoms remain the only family planning and pregnancy prevention method that can help prevent sexually transmitted diseases, including HIV,
which causes AIDS, the group, which is issued to similar reports on condoms periodically since 79 be saying in the statement.
Condoms have improved since the mid-90s because industry manufacturing standards have become more universally used and more effective at it at word-capel, who led the condoms test project.
Intra-yudarin devices or IUDs have also become safer than in previous years as have birth control pills including so-called emergency contraception, the group said.
While abstinence is a zero percent failure rate, doing nothing to prevent pregnancy has an 85 percent failure rate the group found towards.
A U.S. government report published last month shows 98 percent of all U.S. women who have had sex use have used birth control.
Like simply at least expected.
Here in the studio we do have those direct ones that you mentioned and trojan as well for them.
Yeah. Are you blowing them up?
Blow them up and put them on the door handles to be good.
Keep all those pain in the ass and baby's out.
They're reprobbing it.
Now speaking of what I was just talking about, wait here this one.
Rochester, New York. I could throw a rock from here to Rochester right across the lake.
A family court judge who last year's stirred debate about parental responsibilities or today's second drug-adicted woman to have no more children until she proves she can look after the seven she already has.
I'd like that judge.
The 31-year-old mother identified in court papers only as Judgeet W. Judgeet.
Lost custody of her children ranging in age from eight months to 12 years in child neglect hearings dating back to 2000.
Six are in foster care at state expense and one lives with an aunt.
Ant. The younger child and two others tested positive or cocaine and birth and all seven were removed from her care and custody because she could not and did not take care of them.
Judge Marilyn O'Connor said in the December 22th decision made public yesterday because every child born deserves a mother and a father.
At the very least a mother or a father. This court is once again taking the unusual step of ordering this biological mother to conceive no more children until she reclaims her children from foster care or other caretakers of crime be right.
In a similar ruling mass, March O'Connor ordered a drug-adicted homeless mother of four to refrain from burying children until she won back care of her children.
The decision, the first of its kind in the state of New York is being appealed.
Wisconsin and Ohio have held similar rulings involving deadbeat dads who fail to pay child support.
But in other states, judges have shortened back attempts to interfere with the person's right to procreate.
Oh yeah, in the sunshine state, they want you to procreate. O'Connor said she was not forcing contraception or sterilization on the mother.
This goes back to what I've been saying for years now. How many years have I been saying it?
About 30 men.
Of course sterilization, if you want to save the human race, forced sterilization.
People who shouldn't be making no babies guess what? They're making it most of them is what they're doing.
O'Connor said she wasn't forcing contraception or sterilization on the mother who had children with seven different men.
No requirement to get an abortion should she get pregnant, but she warned that the woman could be jailed for contempt if she has another child.
Why should you do this? New York, the New York Civil Liberties Union maintained that the opinion cannot be enforced because it tramples on a fundamental right to procreate.
Oh brother.
You see, I usually like the ACLU and all the other civil liberties groups, but they just go too far at times, which is what turns a lot of us off.
Trampples on a fundamental right to procreate like rabbits, like ants, they need to choose their battle. Like roaches, there is no question in these circumstances of the case where deeply troubling said the group's executive director Donna Lieberman, Donna Lieberman.
But earning a woman out of threat of jail, not to have any more babies, puts the court squarely in the bedroom and that's no place for the government.
Right. Right.
How do you like that?
We need a lot more judges like that. I'll tell you a lot fewer ACLU and NCL, you know, type of people like Donna Lieberman probably can five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 out of a rising singular right.
I'm sure mad dog and have a lot more to extrapolate today between two and four about the coming situation.
Next Monday, mad dog four to seven.
Like I said, next Monday, mad dog two to seven.
Somebody QA and hello.
Neil, yes sir.
Hey, what's going on man? I want to see if you watch until last night called the Jesus factor on PBS.
No, I did not see that.
Oh my God, you got to check that out on pbs.org. It's about the Bush and his hate based initiative.
Right. Or if you want to call it the faith based initiative.
Hate based.
Yeah, you should definitely check that out. But if pbs.org, you can watch the whole show. It's a very good documentary.
Okay.
Make sure you check that out.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
Take it.
Oh, by the way, I'm glad he mentioned that because White House billed out more than a billion dollars in so-called faith based funds.
And you wonder why we have Kurt Warner pop it up there on the wheel of Russian.
In fact, Pat Sanjay said he's been on there more than any dumb jockey. He said like five or six times now.
That's because he's part of the God squad. He keeps looking at Jesus Christ or stuff.
In New Haven, Connecticut, AIDS counselors don't hesitate to stop and pray anytime someone needs a boost.
In Charleston, South Carolina, Christ's ministry has provided children and meals for the homeless and hungry.
Both around a White House list of faith based organizations that together receive more than a billion dollars in federal grants in 2003.
But when it comes to religion, the group's philosophies are quite different.
The Connecticut AIDS program doesn't hesitate to incorporate religion into its program.
But in South Carolina, Christ's ministry doesn't consider itself a religious group at all.
Someone has obviously designated us as a faith based organization, but we don't recognize ourselves as that since Stacey Dennell, executive director of Christ's Ministries.
Hers was one of many groups with entirely secular missions that were surprised to find their names on list of faith based groups provided to the A&P by the White House.
Well, it says nothing else. You know, and that's why when they first came up with that number, what was it, 35 million?
Was that really the first number that came up with for the tsunami victims?
Huh? Yeah, it was. Come on.
They spent more on it. They forced more than that down the toilet pipe before they threw a breakfast every day in Washington.
Are you kidding me? The first number was actually eight bucks.
But they should have come up. There should have been a billion right off the bat, a billion dollars. No problem at all.
They find that kind of money under mattresses in trunks of parked cars right behind a White House. They find a billion dollars in small bills and cash.
Oh, we're going to give 35 million. And then of course they continue being embarrassed and being humiliated by all these other countries.
Australia, they said they're given 400 million. You see that? Yeah. Down under the Australians, 400 million.
Even it connects with only 30 million people or even 80 million dollars.
So that's like almost three bucks a person that would be 900 million. There's your billion from the US right there.
But all in all. And of course these are the self-proclaimed, religionized, apias, the compassionate, conservative, that really care about people.
They don't give a crap about anything except tax-watch for the rich friends. That's all they give a crap about.
And carrying on their worldwide hysterical crusade. That's what they do. Remember you used the word crusade and all of a sudden people got real nervous.
But that's what he really meant. And that's why you've got that fat ass governor, you're his jet bushel with her in Indonesia running around, putting on a dog in pony show.
They got that. That's their plan. Four years of four more years of W. Eight years of J.B. Eight years of George P.
That's what they're thinking, man. The Bush dynasty is what they got the minds of.
And then the well. Yeah, that's right. And then the well can be in their free to free coke for everybody, man.
Instead of the national anthem, they'll be playing things a little better with coke before ball games.
I can't stand coke or cola, man. All on the rickshaw. No, I'm not drinking it. Huh? Don't make it. Pepsi is so much better. Yes, it is.
Thank you. I'm drinking. Stopped. caffeine-free. I wish I had some diets. It's hard to find diets now.
Caffeine-free diet cola. It's a master choice. M.C. Oh boy. Yeah, it's an A. B. Bender. Well, let's see. What does it say here?
Company of Canada limited Toronto want her. Well, there it is. Somebody even subsidizing the coke or cola.
Everybody goes as good as cat cola. No, that's the one. Dixie thing. That's when Dixie. That's your house brand is checked.
And by the way, you better check the beef before we take it out of this and those closed up packages.
You can't see what's inside that green meat. 113 at 560 WQM. Bring in the new year with a new car truck from the folks at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead.
You've been putting off buying anything, but don't wait another minute because right now for a limited time gets yourself 0% financing on any of the following.
New O-5s in stock ready for immediate delivery escapes, free stars, Taurus, F. Super Duty, Harley Davidson trucks, and the all new Ford F, the Ford 500, like I said.
If you want more, how about the 1.9% financing that's waiting for an all new O-5 expeditions, explores F-150s and Rangers 2, certain restrictions apply.
The lots at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead are jam packed and they're cutting prices like crazy, right as I speak.
The offer more value than the two because when you buy your Ford at Armstrong, Ford, you'll get their exclusive almost unheard of Tires and Batteries for Life program.
That's right. They give you Tires and Batteries for Life. Plus for a limited time, a free sun pass too. David Richardson, the great staff at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget because they're locally owned and offered.
They want to treat you like family so they'll make you a customer for life. You won't get a better deal on the Ford anywhere and know how no way, no bait and switch, no foamy deals.
Just fantastic, unbeatable deals at Armstrong, Florida, Homestead. You'll find them at 307.25, South Dixie Highway that's just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check out the web, ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little bit and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
The version of Star Wars. You are the joy of me on the top side.
Okay. On Wednesday, it's last year to never see me before.
What's wrong with closing to come on?
First and I, it's Bummer Theater's version of The Wizard of Oz.
There's no place like...
Hey, nothing happened at all. Of course not your little twerk. They're just shoes.
And Friday, I'm sure in the holiday season with Miracle on 34th Street.
I am Santa Claus.
Yeah, yeah. I am. I tell you.
I'm sure Pop and I energize a bunny. Now has about a little shock. There'll be a light of Santa's nose.
Here we go.
You'll laugh. No, you won't. When you tune in this week too, Bummer Theater.
Isn't it great here some of those old ACN bits? No, they love it. They really work.
So in my spare time, which, you know, I got a little bit of that.
I just whip out all those old ACN. This is going to be the thing. I'm dub theatering.
Isn't it great? It is great. They're getting in there. I got 8 Zillion of those.
Because a lot of people listen right now and never heard that stuff from a hundred years ago.
Like Josh?
Re-secondary old crab. Like Josh Cornester. Whatever his name is.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular World of Slimes. WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
C.
Where is that? Where is that?
Hey.
I beg your pardon? Put that back on.
Let me put that back on. I'm not putting that back on. I don't know what he's going to say when you're playing.
Exactly. 5607.0560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular World of Slimes. Look at these phones.
Like a fall into a switching halt here this hour. You're right. I probably should have left him on.
WQAM. Hello.
How about Dave?
Yeah, how about getting lost? WQAM. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, would it be more appropriate for a sports bike station than Carlos receptionist?
Yeah. He'd be a bit dynamite for about two seconds.
Can you play with the broadcasts if you know it would be good?
Because you know he's on power in 96 callita. You know that.
Yeah.
Okay. Can you play the big bow and Joe show bow Griffin?
I guess.
Okay. Thanks Neil.
See you.
Is that the remaining sub-rosion?
Nothing.
Nothing I can think of.
Oh, nothing even to think of. Well, that doesn't sound like it. What do you want?
I don't think it's called the Bowen Joe show. I think it's called the Joe.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
The Joe and Bowen Joe show.
