Those are those are those.
Farrah Stilton's Bentley ran into a truck. I wish but you like you got hit by a truck. Yeah
That is not a good looking woman. She in fact, it might have improved her looks a little bit
Is Mike Verredino the same guy as Mike is Dave Joseph?
Is he the same guy? I think they're the same guy. Oh, I even liked the negative piece you wrote today. What he is such a sourpice
I think the Marlon's ought to ban his answer from the locker room. They know like him. They they they are
He's a poison pill Mike Verredino. He just wrote the truth. Oh, yes sour
He's been I don't think they had such a bad season. They were right in the if they didn't have a bad season
But he's not writing about the season they had last year
I think about what they had coming up on 83 win embarrassment
What was embarrassing about the season effect that they had a lot of injuries in last month and they
Faded at the end that's embarrassing. I'd like to know what other teams in town of one two world championships in last eight years Mike
Verredino you idiot
Yeah, Verredino you idiot and then he writes not to overload the suicide hotline
But can you really see the hand-to-mouth Marlon's paying any picture nine million dollars and better question will anyone here care by then?
That's a good question. I think that was a legit question. Well anybody down here care by then seems to me the
Tindances of way to hell up from what it was there during those dog days you haven't been out there in you and then he's
They got a lot of empty seats disguises people. I see in other words of panthers don't have a lot of empty seats
How about the dolphins how many empty seats did they have on Sunday a lot?
Oh my god about like 25,000 let's try for starters
Yep, maybe more they don't have a lot of relevance right now and then he writes in a he writes in a medical middle of his article
Even Jacques Demers could read these depressing signs which is a real shot at Jacques Demers and in addition which there are ten people in
South Florida who knows who Jacques Demers is number one and number two of those ten there isn't one of them that knows that he was
Delivered and couldn't read and write but he's got to show us they know Mike Baradino next time he comes now you do him on the
photo in the studio. He won't be here until next season. Oh good well, but next season have a piece in your brief.
Why don't I invite him out to the track and I can throw him in jico off the roof and go and jump and no wait a minute and Dave Joseph
You are there to be the best trifect of the year. I like Dave. I don't care how much you like him at the senior
Getting personal confused. I like Tom Chica personal but business. He's an idiot personal fine
He's a good guy to go lunch with especially if his son sent us picking up the tab. I think there was a lot of stuff
And I agree with you about a couple of those points but too negative man. But in general I thought I thought that Baradino's piece was
Was right on the money because
There's a big issue right now regarding Delgado and whether or not he coming back well send him back here
The blue jays could use him in fact the rangers could use him everybody could use him. Yeah, the rangers could you
You don't want to game huh? Well, they don't skate too well those guys who come up from
Where he's from I'm gonna tell you one thing though. I didn't say the Leafs I said the rangers
The new NHL I don't want to talk hockey on my show damn it. It's already a minute after ten
It's good. It's really good. I watched last time in eights Dino less
Well, and by the way, I keep forgetting to ask you. How do you like your Samsung? I love it. Isn't that great? Yes. Thank you
You're welcome no extra charge for the consultation
But anyway, it was on an HD last night the Canadians and penguins from Pittsburgh. Yeah, that was a great game
I watched the third period the overtime in the shootout which I never thought I'd like to shoot out
I thought was real crap. It was great
It was sensational and the goalie stopped the first two two and a half two shooters on the one side three on the other
And then that kids sitting crossby the a phenom he scored the gold one again for penguins great great game
The new the new NHL is new and improved and it's great. I watched crossby the other night against the rangers for a little while
He's good kid is phenomenal. Yeah, I
Mean I watched the heat game when you're a bigger part. I watched the heat game list
Well, that's unfortunate. I heard somebody yesterday
I was sitting here doing my putting a couple of stories on the first two minutes and right on the box
He was clicking back between the panthers and the heat game your buddy
Don't don't don't don't you like that? Oh, the guy that said the hockey sucks
Why would he be watching the Panther game so talky sucks that he knows nothing about got me and there's no school today
I'm informed because it's veterans day. No, don't we just finish with a hurricane? Why would they've picked?
Let them have the holiday off they got to make up days right when you think that this would be a prime
This isn't like a religious day with all due respect to the veterans. I mean they're getting screwed anyway
But with all due respect, but wouldn't this be a perfect day to say well
We're gonna eliminate the veterans day holiday and a kids can go to school and make up on those days
They almost make you know school boards. Did you see the story about Pat Robertson?
And yes, of course, what is it?
Marvel through it's on our it's on our prestigious website. What a horrible man
No, you know what's horrible about him is the fact that media keeps portraying him like he's a sane person as opposed to saying
Crazy lunatic Pat Robertsons that it again. Yeah, they have to report doodifully what he said
But fair he was writing that story. He would refer to him that way
He referred him as what crazy lunatic? Yeah, well, but Bernie is just he's just two negative two sour him and Dave
It must be hanging out together. You know, I love it when you call other people negative. Yeah, I'm not negative
I'm just a positive man who helped to put the slots over just that just asked the people at
Gulf Stream and Poppano Park and your buddy Dan Ackins at Hollywood Greyhound who up to put the slots over and Broward
I'll tell you oh god. It's something good. I'm positive and what did I just get through to you about the Marlins?
I'm not a big Marlins fan. I'm not gonna pretend you I'm not gonna put on a phony song in advance
But at least they won two championships in the last decade. Yep, it's more that's more than all the other teams in the town put together
It's more in the covers of one. It's two more than all the other teams in fact
You know this dolphin and what the dolphins remind me of the Maple Leafs. It's the same thing living in the past
Up here. It's the Leafs you know the great in the 60s one forced-and-the-cuffs in Johnny Mauer and Frank Mahavallich and baby Keon
Well, that's a hundred years ago
You know those people are half dead already
It's the same thing with the dolphins with the perfect season another worried about the culture
They're already eating. Oh, and they're gonna break that record. All this other crap
Yeah, how long can you keep living in a past?
So I want to send Pat Robertson a copy of and her at the win. Yeah
Send Pat Robertson a loaded gun and tell him to take it down to Venezuela and he can do the job on Hugo Chavez himself and see who comes out standing
They're good idea. See who comes back standing up and by the way
We lost a good man a QAM this uh today. Who Adam Teran is leaving us. He is?
Didn't know that see you see you get the good news on this show the bad news
Now we get the bad news on your show from Mike Buradino and the bad news on this show from Adam Teran
He's leaving. He's a good guy. He's a he's a lot of the only sane salespeople
We've ever had that building is a good guy all the good people they leave like John Weenis and Brian Schmutz
All the good guys who actually can go sell something and Adam kept getting the screw over
We talked to Brian not too long ago. How's he doing? He's in Connecticut. He's
Sales manager for our station up there. See there you go sales manager. Why cuz he's a real sales guy?
Yeah, he and John Weenis sold most of the accounts
I still that at least from the station anyway, Brian
Why he left here? Yeah, it was that woman drove him out
You don't mean the one that you were always busting out in the parking lot and getting peevelled for do you know?
That's the way well before you leave today
I'll put a smile on your face go into my studio there and you'll see that huge picture of the sales department
They gave me that one year. Yes for my birthday. Yeah, and we've been xing out all the faces. He's they leave
So I had Adam x out his head on that photo in there and your girlfriend's grand is also a few x out
I'm miss Adam. That was the good guy. Adam's a good guy
But like I said every time they'd somebody would come in a new person they take other people's accounts and they divvy up
They would they just can screw in him over that new sales manager guy ought to smack him in a head for me too
Why do you read it after you've done with jikkun those other guys smack the sales manager around? Okay, I'll do that
I'll go right now call for old Martinez and haven't smacked the crap out of that new sales man
Maybe just knock the taste out of his mouth will be good. I'm wrong when I are tight now. I am
Ever since I got on the elevator at Delmar and there's he standing him
You told me that with brunette. Is that you speak to you? No
John did
Well, I must be kind of uncomfortable isn't it? It was a crowded elevator
That must have been one of the longest elevator rides in history. You know the elevator was fortunately was so crowded
And he couldn't raise his arms to hit me that that would be a good you know something that's a good pull question
What would be the worst combo on an elevator in history at least from our standpoint? I can just see you and
No, don't don't roll Martinez. Oh, yeah, how about me and Mike Mayo and and I like Mike
No, you and Mayo would be our Mike Burrino and Dave Joseph and Tom jikkun me and of course
Any of us with him on the elevator by the way mo Adams says he won't miss you
He'll miss the rest of us, but he won't miss you is what Adams said Adam hates you too on
That's something because Adams kind of an easy-going guy. He likes just about everybody
Listening
Yeah
We could quit the door. Yeah, well good. I'm sure he is too. Yeah, well if you're listening
Ginger show I'm sure he's listening right now taking notes. Yep. We just all hate you don't I mean you can take a person if you want it
It reminds me of what's his name Greg Budell same thing always been out of shape
He goes is everybody hate me and of course Budell was like one of those people like at all a positive press from jicke and other people in the media who
Obsessed with him. He never had any ratings. He never had any talent
But it is all mine he convinced himself because the TV writer is the radio writers used to like him
Therefore we must have been great. Never Greg Budell are you kidding? Yeah, I knew him. No, they're loser
Whatever happened to him. I have no idea last time last I heard him
He was like waiting tables at the sterling country kitchen restaurant where my mother used to go
Where's that? It's in
I'm out of town by carriage hills over there in sterling road
You're not old enough to be in that neighborhood yet. We're working on it over anywhere near old enough
The median agent at the condo complex was death plus 10
Well, it's up for the weekend. Oh tomorrow morning. It's probably I would think woodbinds on my agenda
I've got caller on my was tomorrow. I've been doing very well here lately. I don't know what it is
Yeah, I have a big ticket to cash at caller. Do you? Yeah from last week?
Yeah, and I mean a big ticket and so give us a give us a clue how big is it four figures? Oh, that's good
Well four figures is no big deal. I went at that one at the other day at woodbind four figures
Well, it would mollables. Oh, okay, so and I've got
You know the they have two pick fours there tomorrow because they have actually have eight steaks races at call. It's good day tomorrow
Excellent. So I'll be there. I'm sure Eddie Kay will be there and I'm sure you don't see Eddie Kay find out how old he is
Oh, yeah, I will this is the assignment for you said on Monday
We can give the real ages opposed all his guesswork and we kind of embarrassing if he says like 52
That would be bad
Yeah, boy throw me off the road. Yeah, and that might be it him and Raleem Martin
So if you see the two of them coming at you together, I'd like hop on the elevator and set the door
They can do an arena. You know come after me with machete and set me on fire. Yeah, but I think I'm on a mission
No, I'm gonna find out at these ages this week
I think the marlins are gonna like bring or being a back to go after Buridino
You know what if I
Have an idea. Yeah, I may go out sometimes Eddie and I hit a couple clubs at night
And I'll give him some of that mumbled juice and get his age out of him
It's not gonna be that he'll give you an honest answer. Yeah. Well, why not? What if he does here? He does here
Why should he care an old Jew like him? Why don't you take care right and then one thing about Eddie?
I was just thinking about this yesterday that
I haven't seen him in a long time, but he never changes. No, he wasn't exactly this
Looks exactly the same now is when I first met him he came up to me outside of pantagame
If you'll mind me a rena a year ago and introduced himself
Big fan years I made Kaplan I work at the wherever he was at that time and he looks the same now
Yep, and that was a long time ago. He just doesn't change. No, not at all. Must be that clean living and
It's not that I can tell you whatever it is. Well listen have a great weekend and once you're gutted tomorrow
It's good good for the soul man. Yeah, let's win this weekend. Yeah, I'm gonna work on it. Okay. See you
It's late at night. You're fast asleep and I shadowy figure as about to break into your home
But you're protected
Yeah, it's your James Brown home security alarm
The heart is working alarm in the safety business
Designed by the godfather of home protection himself
The James Brown alarm protects you from burglar
Bando
And if you act now we'll include it no extra cause the patented James Brown hot pants far along
So put the soul patrol on your keyhole
With the James Brown home security system
How about that doesn't Eddie can use that as this is a theme a lot. Yeah, that's
That's just and I just don't I'm either toward the S in that James Brown. I feel good
That and add and add and add and that's horrible song
Anyways 12 minutes after 10 is 560 w. I am happy Friday too. We got almost 400 votes in at full boys
I'm thinking I'm leaving this pool up there. I'm not gonna change it
I got the other one on there, but I can use that for like next week. I don't I just I'm impressed by this aren't you?
Okay, oh you are impressed by well, since we got McGellar today
And how even Troy Stratford is about as much as they come man nobody's ever gonna call him like that
And he came in this morning and recommended enthusiastically dial mountain fresh body wash
He said it's lavender and I thought oh my goodness lavender
No seriously said it's the best he said it just leaves you feeling so refreshed and whatever I don't know he just
You might have her ventilating about yeah, he's obsessed and anyway
We got the very depressing result to one that pull about the body wash and the soap and stuff like that
You guys are still being in the stone age, okay?
There's still right and the guys are still wearing two-piece bathing suits
Let's get with it take off those knickers. Okay, get you some body wash and stop the crap
Jesus god almighty like a bunch of little children have to be led by the hand
Oh, guess what your life is in the phase pass A people don't do it people don't buy black and white TVs anymore
God, it's depressing
It's also depressing that the kids are off for veterans day to day. It just it just seems to me outrageous
This is not one of those days
Yeah, it's not this respectful to the veterans. We appreciate their service and we feel for the especially the people who died and wars that were based on lies like Vietnam and Iraq but
And the kids ought to be in school today learning something there was no traffic though so we fight my like I said
It's a good idea to get those pain in the ass kids out of the school. Look at those buses off the road
1014 oh look at that fire fighters and badly a four-lar blaze in Oakland, California any interest? Oh, but CNN's like go just in
That's so a lot of their blood smoke only in the banana republic, baby only in Miami
Cheap white recently now
Looks like the fight the road's guys
Snow's from the body roll balls
Go purple nig, don't know
9
I just like the magic sword, I'm not a big nut.
After a voice, we double-sided for dying on a bad day with somebody every night.
Funny past 10, you know, some playing out oldies today,
an honor of George being off today, and we got Miguel and Josh Cordistair.
Oh, yeah, necessarily an editor.
Now Mountain Fresh, Miguel's gonna go out there and get him a sweety over the weekend,
and like with lavender, body wash.
Hey, Rotor.
We just won't tell anybody about it.
In fact, Miguel asserts he admitted to me before the show today that he goes in,
he's one of these people that puts down toilet paper on his seat in a public tea room.
Do that pole, see what happens.
What? Put that on the pole.
Well, we'll do that.
Next week one day, we'll do that.
Okay, you'll see.
I don't think very many people put, and it's one thing, if you went into a public tea room,
and you had a new way of juice, and you see that the seat, you put the seat down,
and you see somebody showered it.
So you wipe it off, that's all.
And that cleans it completely.
Cleanse it completely from what?
Dirt from what?
Dirt was my ass, okay?
Poor you are a poig.
You are so such a worst man.
You were the definitive Cuban worst, and you didn't even have an excuse.
This guy was born in Chicago.
Yep.
And still it's been ingrained in him from the time he was a child.
He still got that uptight Mr. Macho, but you're just a worst.
That's a sad part.
Adam Tharan has made a good guy for you.
Well, Mr. Malade's a really good guy.
I'm up until recently, but now I realize why he's been screwing off lately.
He's been planning to get out.
I don't blame him.
I knew it was just a matter of time.
They've screwed him over really bad in that QM sales department.
Well, they played their favorites, and of course, when screw-in was there,
she had to bring in her girlfriend, Berkeley, who couldn't sell a glass of water
for a nickel to a starving urban in the middle of the desert, and had all the oil money.
Just one of those things.
Hey, Berkeley, don't take it personally, but it is.
It's personal and professional.
You're pathetic.
And then, of course, we also got Todd Reck.
He's got this coming on.
He's got that.
You know, I don't know how Joel Feinberg over there, even with no numbers,
isn't making it big, you know?
Because we have the big numbers, but we've got a sales department that can't sell it.
Even on a sunny day, forgetting about the hurricane, even under the best of times and circumstances,
it's tragic.
And of course, we got Fat Boy, and his boyfriend out there, his psychotic boyfriend,
so that speaks for itself.
Wait till we get to the poll today.
That's good stuff.
Here's yesterday's poll.
1465 votes.
What Bush Family Behaviour is the sleiziest.
George W. Starrson, unprovoked war in Iraq at 584 vote.
George W. Steele's a 2000 election, 243.
Jeb Bush, hands his big brother that election in 210.
George W. Starrson sits on his ass reading my pet coat while the USA is attacked 102.
George W. Hans Halliburton, no big contract in Iraq and in the Gulf States, 95.
George W. Starrson is War Hero John Kerry in the 2004 campaign.
It should probably say draft dodging George W.
Steele, 70.
Press got Bush finances in the 90s, in the 90s, 68.
Columbus Bush, Muggle, shoes into the West, avoid paying taxay, 58.
John Ellis Bush has sex with a minor in a parking lot, 41.
Intella Hasse, no less.
Noel Bush gets arrested for fake Xanax prescription.
They tell a Hasse Walgreens has got 19 votes.
Should've done better than that.
Over left that part of it out.
Laura Bush kills Boyfriend in the car crash, 17.
It was an accident.
Neil Bush has an else scandal, 15.
Papa Bush reads my lips, no new taxes, 14.
I like to wear a spell, Papa.
There's this Pope.
Poppa with the old soap on Europa.
You think this new Nazi Pope uses soap on Europa?
Probably a used soap that was made from Jews.
George W. Poise's incompetent national security adviser Condoleezza to be Secretary of State 10.
Jetta Bush arrested for drinking with a fake ID while underage in Austin, Texas, May 2001, 8.
Janna Stixer, talk out literally at the media during her father's 2004 election campaign, 5.
Janna Ellis Bush gets charged with public intoxication and resisting arrest in Texas September of this year 4.
And George W. Nominate, Syria, and Myers for the Supreme Court, Crow Fony, Krony.
Only two votes for that.
And George Herbert Walker, Bush and Bates Panama got the big, 1465 votes.
It got the big, nobody cares about Panama, okay?
Right? Who gives a flying crap about Panama?
Right.
And Norey Ega and Panama can out all those things.
We care about Nicaragua. That's what we care about.
And I'll be public into many kind.
And I always see that the military is interested in Paraguay.
Wait till we invade South America, at least it's closer anyway.
Yeah, that's true.
You know, I forgot to mention with Hank, I was too busy ripping Mike Buradino in rightfully.
So you're just a sour-push Mike, you're so negative.
I think the Marlon's ought to toss your ass from the press box.
They might want to.
On opening day.
You know, this business about, there's a lot of NPCs.
Yeah, well, there's a lot of NPCs in any sporting event pretty much.
Although in Pittsburgh last night was good to see that place with Jan Pack for that convenience game.
And it was good.
They're getting back after a bad start.
But, you know, they're making progress. They're making strides.
And I think this organization, I'm like their predecessors,
which we're just ready to like dismantle the team.
At least these people made the effort out there to bring another World Championship couple of years ago.
Am I right or did I just dream that?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Well, so what's not to like, they got two World Championships in the last eight years.
And the dolphins have one squat in like 20, 30 some years.
And the Panthers haven't won a playoff game since before.
Jesus was a baby.
Since the rat.
And the heat, well, they got problems.
You know, he's got a hang nail and we got to have iron.
Let's have iron that I set the shacks injuries.
Now, you're too negative, Mike.
You and Dave Joseph, man, sour, sour, sour, sour, always negative.
And see, you know, it's how Hank tried to turn that on me that a little bit about what Neil was so negative.
That's not true.
I just tell it like it is.
If the organization stinks and happens to be sports, I'll tell you like the dolphin organization.
It's a joke. It's pathetic. They suck.
Just wait till Sunday, man. That's going to be ugly.
That's my prediction. It's going to be really, really ugly.
Of course, I leave it wide open like that because either way comes out. It could still be ugly, right?
Right.
Now, Barry Jack has speaking of ugly.
They don't come much ugly than Barry. He makes me look beautiful.
Hey, Barry, how's mommy doing?
How goes brown bag lunches coming, sweetheart?
He goes, I'm sorry, Dave. Even though it's Friday, he writes three pages on the Internet of nothing.
Absolutely. Just kissing up to what's the guy who's doing the play by playing the game this weekend?
Jim Nance.
Everybody in South Florida hates Jim Nance because he hates everybody knows he hates the dolphins and he hates the hurricane.
So, basically, everybody has hated him forever.
But because he'll do an interview with Jim Sarny, so Sarny writes about 40,000 words about Jim Nance.
And how wonderfully he is. He's going to be doing the Super Bowl.
He got nobody cares about Jim Nance, Sarny. Old toad.
And then he writes two other pages of crap that nobody cares.
And also sucking up to his buddy Evan Cohen, there on ESPN Radio and Palm Beach, 760 that nobody ever heard of before.
Nobody listens to it. Nobody knows who that is. But that's Jim Sarny.
Now, little Barry writes about Eric Reed. He writes all this stuff about Eric Reed's credibility, a vitally important name.
Eric Reed's very good if he would stop talking to his teeth. You know, Chevy, Chevy, and I don't like that.
It says, he does it. I know.
Reed clearly wants his team to win as much as any play by playing outside the market.
But he's always been objective about mistakes by heat players and generally doesn't really have one official like WI of these Mike Englis.
Oh, speaking of English, who's whining about causes become unbearable.
It's like five against eight right now.
He's a stream during the game last week. Mike Englis, I'd have heard of him. Is he good?
I don't know.
Does he speak of English?
And then he goes on little Barry. The only other thing we might even be remotely interested in, person L rumblings, I'll ride Miami.
It says here. How do you like that? I'll ride Miami. Nice going, Barry.
You idiot. Another man. This is getting a microphone. Michael Manditch, Jim Sutton, former walk on tight and at Michigan.
A lot of tight ends in that family will become the sideline reporter on the FIU football broadcast on 1360 WKAT beginning of November 19.
Jim Manditch's MZM production owns the right to FIU's radio network.
But I'm sure that's just a coincidence. Am I right?
Oh, right. And here's the important part. ESPN announcer in 790, the ticket to show host John Boobshambi and his emerges candidate for radio job with the Mets.
Shambi turned down the Marlins TV job last winter as we know and did the right thing like I tried to tell you for a long time.
He got a Marlins job to go to ESPN, get that national exposure and he's done such a great job that now the Mets want him as their radio guy.
And if he's smart, he'll take that. What do you think?
Number one, Mark in the country, baby. The Mets.
That's right. You don't think that would be a good deal?
I do. It depends on the money, I guess.
No, yeah, that, you know, he was from New York. And plus it's his team. He doesn't have to...
He has that to fully up like in a team he's brought to the board, you know?
It would be like a Jets fan to be in a dolphin game or stuff like that because he would like to miss.
Friday, you bastard. If you can't send Hugo Chavez take him out.
If you can't send Hugo Chavez take him out.
If you rule Venezuela, I'm afraid we'll have to kill you. And we'll ever go to failure. Take him out.
George hates you so do I. Hugo Chavez, you must die.
You are an infected ball and besides winning your own.
Die Hugo Chavez. Die Hugo Chavez.
Absolutely. Die Hugo Chavez.
You dirty, call me wet.
Well, this poll today we got 476 votes. It's only 11th, 1030. I like that. I'm going to leave this on.
Don't you think it's going to leave this over the weekend so everybody can vote?
Yes.
And then we'll do the toilet paper on the toilet seat next week to see how many other nervous Nelly's.
Oh, the germ is going to catch something off the toilet seat.
Maybe you can get some masculinity back on your body that you washed off with your body washmere.
Maybe you can get some off the toilet seat. Maybe some truck drivers.
Some real macho guys sat there before your eyes.
Anyway, here's the poll today. And Pat Robertson said it again.
And like I said to Hank, the only problem with Pat Robertson is that the media they tell his exploits in his ramblings.
Like we're talking about a rational, credible person as opposed to saying, start craving lunatic.
Pat Robertson said this today and we'll get to him eventually.
Which applies to you? We're asking them. They all you macho guys out there.
This is very disheartening to me. We got so much work to do. 476 votes.
Are you a male? I share with soap 259, 54.4% of reasons soap.
And probably drop it a lot too.
Male, I share with body wash with a squeegee 85.
With a squeegee, Miguel, 85.
Male, I share with body wash no squeegee 57.
But at least we got 142 doing a body wash.
Which is almost, that's more than half as many as the soap.
Soap is pass A, okay. Drop the soap. Toss it. Flush it down the toilet.
Okay, it's got germs on it. It sits around gathering all kind of like gangrene and the botulism.
Got only always work on it. Plus of course if you have like a light color,
it's open. You got like a big black hair on it.
Ah! Fully.
So you want use soap because it has germs on it,
but you'll fit it in public toilet seat.
Okay, that makes sense.
I was just joking about germs. Okay. Mr. Hachron.
I used the body wash because it's the new intelligent way to...
Yeah, just like I told you before, you won't walk into...
You go into a public tea room, which is a place you have it and they hang out a lot.
And when you go to the sink to wash your hands, they don't have soap sitting around.
Now, when you use soap, if there was like a public soap sitting in there,
they'd got only those who the hell was...
And were they stuck it? No.
No, you would not.
And so any public tea room, they got like the little pump thing by the on all the sinks
and you pump a little...
Glick would soap on your hands.
Or any worse your hands.
Just like at home, how many people have a bar of old ugly soap sitting around in the sink in the kitchen
or in a bathroom?
No, they got like probably a little bottle of soft soap for some other crap, right?
Right. Even drive cornice there has probably got some soft soap sitting there.
I do.
See, there you go.
We all do.
Well, so in other words, if it makes sense to wash your hands, which are obviously...
I mean, you weren't clothing over the rest of your body during the day.
So what's the odds that your body is going to get dirty unless you're rolling around in the mud
with a bunch of jocks or something, huh?
Unlikely.
But your hands, in fact, when we had the sourcing going on here,
when you wanted to have me quarantine last summer.
When we had the sourcing in some other audio, laugh now.
Or your kneels coming back to town.
Do you think we had a litigment of station?
No, they had sars up there.
Should we have them quarantine her?
They had quarantine your ass, okay?
You idiot.
You silly me?
Yeah, you wasn't part of that.
Yeah, had you weren't.
I wasn't.
Yeah, you...
That is a lie.
Oh, you see, you're pulling this guy's George isn't there today.
George is on to you.
He told me that you were the elite or in shaker on that.
No.
Okay, well tell me who was then.
I'm not telling you who was.
Why not?
Oh, who cares?
It was George.
Corso.
George Corso.
You idiot.
George Corso.
George Corso, our crack engineer, man.
I think he's been out there sticking out of the fish over into many strange places.
Like, yeah.
I'd be quarantined.
Quarantine this, you imbecile man.
You silly goose.
It's a very good thing that the real engineer came up here.
A Julio came up and built a help, built this studio with a guy from the fan.
Up here.
He stopped by not too long ago.
There's a real engineer for a good guy, Julio man.
He's a great guy.
He's the one that put this whole thing together.
The best little studio going in the USA.
And then the world don't last.
Anyway, what was I saying before you interrupted me with your bull cramp about whatever that was about Julio?
You were talking about the soap.
The bar is soap with the hands.
Right.
This is the way people take a shower now.
This is the intelligent way they use body or wash.
They don't use soap no more intelligent people.
Unfortunately, our audience has got a lot to learn now.
If I can finish the poll result, we've got almost 500 votes just passed 1030.
Today's our thousand, I guarantee you that.
This doesn't require an opinion.
This is just which of these are you?
I don't even bathe 42.
I put that on there because I smelled a lot of you.
Believe me.
42.
Oh, God.
Female I shower with body washed 20.
I didn't put with her without the squeegee because women are worried about, you know, their macho image.
Unless maybe some dikes.
Well, they used to loop on 20.
And female I shower with soap 16.
So even on the women, it's like 50, 50 only if you all know to see there.
They're moving in the other direction.
More women now with a body wash as opposed to the soap.
And the saddest part of this whole thing is that only 36 women voted on the poll so far.
We're just under 500 votes and we got 36 women.
That's really sad.
And by the way, don't you lie through your teeth.
You also were involved in that thing about quarantining with the SARS.
Oh, what I was starting to say.
What do I have in that anyway?
I make your pardon?
Who am I to have a say in that anyway?
You were in the meeting and you were one of the people who said, I'm not a computer.
She's going to get a saw.
Yeah, I had you weren't.
You're the ringleader.
When Josh, on Monday when George comes back, make sure we talk about that for an hour.
I'll remind you myself.
The point I was starting to try to make to is when we had the SARS thing.
One of the things that they keep teaching you, and I got in the habit of doing it even now, is when you come in, when you've been outside.
The supermarket or wherever you go.
And you come inside, you wash your hands.
You go to the sink and the kitchen, you walk or the bathroom, wherever.
And you wash your hands with liquid soap.
And you scrub your hands clean with warm water.
Right?
Because your hands are what makes you sick.
Your hands are what picks up the germs on the door knob.
In the tea room, wherever you're running around handling stuff.
Whatever you're doing.
Correct.
There you go.
So that's why I'm not even going to go into it.
Too late.
Because you're, no, you're hopeless.
You're hopeless case.
You're a professional spick and you always will be.
And the rest of us, you know, Josh has come along.
Troy Stradford came in.
Not only is Troy using the body wash, but it includes Jesse.
And he is not using the body wash.
You're really a sweet boy.
Where I am also using the body wash.
Yeah.
How long has that been?
A long time.
Where he immersed you into that?
No, he never embarrassed me.
When have you ever built me with anything?
Dial Mountain Fresh is what Troy Stradford recommends, the number 23.
He says it's lavender.
It's a little on the, tell the wife to go buy it.
Lavender.
You're going to use a lavender body wash?
I don't care.
Bad for your image, man.
This is the same guy who last week said that he watched all the masculinity off his body
when he used the, the lufa.
That was that your wife's lufa, or is that just when you found hanging around some around the floor in the tea room?
It was her.
Yeah.
Well, no comment.
21 to 11 at 560 WM2M.
Let's take a look at that award-winning QAM lineup today.
Moa Howard Davidated to two.
To the Mad Dog.
Jim Mad Dog.
Mad is three solid hours today at Hooters in D'Areal.
Another Texas Simon for the Mad Dog.
A Panther preview with seven of the Panthers in the Caroline Hurricanes.
Is that a home game or a road game tonight?
Hooters, by the way.
Well, it says D'Areal on my schedule.
Yeah, I wouldn't.
We can't even rip turns because he's, oh, and then I find out our program director is in Seattle or somewhere to do a Hurricane basketball game.
Make up your mind, Clarets.
Do you want to be a real program director, which you're not?
Or do you want to be a hurricane-flunky sportscaster type?
That's very sad.
God, it's supposed to be the PD.
And he's, he's off for like, he's got to be gone on Monday and Tuesday.
The Muff was telling me.
Although Muff likes it when Clarets isn't there because they're Muff can play PD again.
Mad Dog at Hooters in the Pines, four to seven.
Now, what I just said, Panther, PD to seven, I was at a home or a way game tonight.
Hooters.
Is it really?
Yes.
Now, that's a game you people ought to really go to because Caroline is good.
That kid Eric Stahl is good as dynamite and Cole, they got some good players on a team.
Maybe I'll go back.
I have to go back.
There's no point in you going because you don't watch the game anyway.
You didn't see the fact they blew that game.
I didn't even know that until yesterday.
They blew the game with three seconds left.
That's their specialty now.
Blowing games right at the end of the game with just seconds left and lost on the shootout,
eight to the Rangers.
But anyway, Panther's in Caroline at seven, three nights should be a pretty exciting and educate them.
We got Pat Robertson, Dover, Dover Pennsylvania.
Man, those people are going to burn in hell.
And then we got the update on the man with a toiletail which come to find out he took a lie detector test and they said he's spot on, man.
They said he's got a spot on him.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
You can't flush this.
You can't flush this.
You can't flush this.
You can't flush this.
You can't flush this.
My, my, my lunch.
You're too hard to make me say, oh my lord, thank you.
You're like the name of the ones in that.
You ain't really just good.
We sitting down, doing your beating down and browns, but I didn't know.
I touched this while I showed it so you can flush.
I told you, man, boy, you can't flush this.
You shouldn't have that chili dog, hey?
You can't flush this.
Look at my eyes, man, they're red and wild.
You can't flush this.
Yo, let me flush your focus, or it for you right now.
You can't flush this.
You three years old, get your idea.
He's a little about the finally thing to do.
He's holding a handle, he's last like a clown,
as he keys and bill like rocks go down and swirl in.
And flush, what can you do?
Not very much.
What makes you mad?
Is that night?
He goes in a dance, he's no better than a fight.
Let him know, let him know what's up.
He does it again, and he head will be flushed.
Yo, I told you, man, boy, you can't touch this.
Do it again, and I'll tell you to the tips.
You try to flush this.
Get out of my way, man.
You drink a lot, you're out of rhythm.
You got the stress in the room and spin it now.
You know, you drive the forth and bust and slow.
You pull up and touch, you leave the seat up for your inner real touch.
Because your lady has to go, she's in flight down and a butt,
she's just a wick, you're a schmuck.
She's wadding tight, now she's stuck.
That's worried because you know you can't flush this.
Man, I think you're in deep, can't flush this.
Come on, man, let's flush it down, can't flush this.
10.47 to 5.60, I will admit to one little fetish that I have.
You know how they have most of the self-flushing toilets now in the public tea rooms?
Yes.
And you know, you get up and walk away, and if you're a certain distance away,
it automatically flushes.
Well, like it would be, if I have one of those serious movements,
and I'll get up and the thing sometimes a little hesitant before it flushes,
and I'll walk to the right to the edge of the inside of the door,
as far as I can from the toilet to make sure that it flushes before I walk out.
Because it's just very uncool to walk in.
For somebody else to walk in, you've left something visible behind you.
I was saying, no, you didn't leave things behind, no.
That is correct.
How many years are appetite?
Like Pat Robertson makes me lose my appetite for life.
Religious broadcaster Ann Lunatic and crazy person Pat Robertson warned residents
of a rural Pennsylvania town yesterday that disaster may strike there
because they voted God out of your city by asking school board members
who faced your teaching so-called intelligent design.
All eight-dover Pennsylvania school board members up for re-election were defeated
to, they have to try to introduce intelligent design.
Like that.
To believe that the universe is so complex that it must have been created by a higher power
isn't alternative to the theory of evolution.
I'd like to say that the good citizens of Dover, if there's a disaster in your area,
don't turn to God.
You just rejected him from your city, Robertson, said on the Christian broadcast network's 700 Club.
In fact, when he's done killing Hugo Chavez, he's going to go to Dover and give them what for.
Eight families had sued the district claiming the policy violates the Constitutional Separation of Church in state.
The federal trial concluded days before Tuesday's election, but no warnings been issued.
Later Thursday, Robertson issued a statement saying he was simply trying to put out
that our spiritual actions have consequences.
God is tolerant and loving, but we can't keep sticking our finger in his eye for ever Robertson,
said, if they have future problems in Dover, I recommend they call on Charles Darwin.
Maybe he can help them.
Robertson made headlines this summer when he called on his daily show for the, his daily show,
not the daily show, but his daily show for the assassination of Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez.
In October 2003, he suggested the state department be blown up with a nuclear device.
He also said that feminism encourages women to kill their children, practice witchcraft,
destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
You're fair.
Other than that, he said it's your ordinary preacher guy, just another guy.
Let's see, here's a fact that says, body wash, nivia is good.
However, unless it's antibacterial, which a lot of soap's are, no, no, wrong.
Whoever sent those things, they know something, you're full of crap.
We, Lewin, told you the antibacterial is bad stuff.
Right.
Because it creates this, a breed of germs that you have no resistance to.
Don't use the antibacterial, please believe me.
Correct.
It doesn't get you fully clean in germ free.
Oh, germ free, my ass.
Will you stop all you people with as fetishes about being germ free?
Do you have any idea how many little microscopic things are crawling around on your scalp and other parts of your body?
Right now as I speak to you, okay?
Things that you can't see.
It's like dust mites.
Have you ever seen a dust mite?
Have you ever seen one?
None in person, no.
No, you can't see one because they're too small to be seen.
Before you can sure feel them when they start bite you.
Like when you go to a hotel, a lot of hotels, and they wash all the sheets in the pillowcases in one big tub.
And as a result, they like to have a dust mite in them.
And you lay down, it could be even the nicest hotel go, but man, the sheets are light.
And you lay down here there for like 15 minutes and before you can fall asleep or start stitching.
And then you wake up at the morning, you see these little scratches on your hand and other body parts?
Right, go mad too.
Also it says public restroom is definitely need a layer of tree of paper on the seat.
It will not lay a layer or three.
I'll even use my shoe to flush the toilet for this not a matter too many.
Oh geez, use a shoe to flush the toilet.
Now what about you, Miguel?
You're the ones the old fashioned ones that have to handle.
You reach down and flush it with your hand and use your shoe.
What?
The shoe?
Bless you.
Also, when you come into your motor and appearance, not.
Wheel.
And also, why is there no best of?
What does that mean?
Oh, in other words, why is there no best of CD?
Why not do an aircraft no more get out of here?
There is somebody just annoying.
Okay, whoever sent this back, she just annoying.
Go away.
That was then.
This is now.
We're moving outward and upward.
Okay, more money than ever.
Bigger ratings than anybody could imagine.
And we're doing just fine.
It's by the time, Jicke.
And Mike Ferredino and Dave Joseph.
Well, I tell you, Hank has got to, he's got to find, might he can do whatever he wants,
but he ought to find a new circle of friends.
Give him a different outlook on life.
Those are his boys.
Those are his boys, man.
The most sour, negative bunch of slime balls.
Dave Joseph, oh, brother.
Just negative, negative and sour.
526 votes, which applies to you?
Mayo, I shower with soap.
God, we'll pray for you.
We'll call power, but you can say a brookle for you.
288, 54.7% of the men listening to this show, shower with soap, the old fashioned way.
Probably lava soap.
Mayo, I shower with body wash with a squeegee 91.
Now, there's somebody with confidence, or maybe there's somebody who's, hey, whatever.
91.
Mayo, I shower with body wash, no squeegee 62.
No squeegee, though.
I don't ever bathe 45.
8.5%.
So if you walk out, if you open up the door, or just crack a window a little bit, and you smell something,
everybody stinks like hell.
One of those 45 people is probably in the hood.
They stink, they don't bathe.
And I believe that too, by the way.
Female, I shower with body wash 23.
And female, I shower with soap 17.
40.
So out of 526, we're getting closer to a 10% women on the pole.
Not exciting how to throw out, not.
We don't have enough women listening to this show to fill a phone booth with.
First say.
Speaking of said, by the way, should we take a collar two or not?
Because I got a big pile of stuff.
It is Friday.
Oh, you know they're good.
Oh, they will be good.
WQA M, hello.
Name exfoliated.
WQA M, hello.
I'm in Orlando.
I said that.
I told you.
I knew they'd be good.
That was count on us.
Oh, yeah.
5667 0560, I'm always inspired by take one or two, and they're that good, you know.
5667 0560 and 0560 and they've arisen their singular wireless line.
How many whistles have we got out there that put toilet paper on the seat in the public tea room before they'll sit their ass down on it?
I got new for whoever sat there before you did, probably had a cleaner ass than you got.
How do you like that?
I doubt it.
Huh?
Doubt it.
No, I don't.
I don't.
Especially when all in refried beans, you know, I wouldn't be surprised at all to me.
God.
530, it's not even the end of the first hour yet.
If we don't do 1000 a day, we'll never do it again.
That's my estimate.
It could be wrong, but I think we had to be pushing forward, don't you?
Because we're going to be pushing on to 600 by the end of the first hour.
That's because I got up early this morning, came in here and flipped the pole on just out of curiosity.
Because I thought it was going to be a preliminary pole.
That was the original idea.
And then after I got up the second time at eight o'clock, came in here.
It's a holy moly.
We get a lot of votes on this because this is everybody's got to wash sooner or later or not as the case may be.
Right.
Even some of our salespeople.
In fact, that boy takes a whole project to get him washed.
They have to like squint like a hog.
They have to slap him down.
Somebody QAN, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Pretty good.
Hey, I was talking to your buddy, my aunt.
He's a pretty religious guy.
And, you know, I was asking him, um, a question.
I said, you know, what makes your religion more right than somebody else's religion?
Yeah.
And, uh, anything, you know, it's, I'm the right.
That's well, how do you know you're right?
And, uh, you know, I, I, I bring those to buy them before, you know,
and I have a hard time believing Moses was 900 years old.
I know, no, I'm so no from the art bit.
And he's not absolutely true.
It's absolutely true.
Yeah.
No, I don't know about you, but I'm going to take 77 versions over the 900-year-old guy.
72.
Don't, don't, don't get your hopes up.
It's 72.
You better keep it within perspective.
Okay, pal.
Okay, there's the guy that's converting to Islam.
He's probably going to come and blow up your hood pretty soon.
Taste the call.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Hyper-Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I definitely use body wash, but I'm trying to find out what this screen you're talking about.
Oh, it's like a little like a cloth or a, you can use a wash cloth, you can use a sponge,
or a lucho they call it, but it's a brand-name, you can use that, and you can do it to put it on.
Did you wash it?
Yeah, you can use a lucho.
Sorry, just put it on.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Here's the real man on the phone.
Thank you, sir.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations.
See, sound like a real man?
Yeah.
No, he was not J, okay?
That's Miguel for you again.
Everything is J.
Everybody is J.
And everything is J.
That's because of the hood that he grew up in, okay?
All of them were.
Now, speaking of strange, polygraph supports man in toilet tail.
We've been giving you the updates on this story, and there's this picture.
He looks like definitely to me like a guy who's had his ass glued to a toilet seat.
He just looks the part.
This is Rocky Mountain News, Needle Land.
Every time I see Needle Land, I keep thinking of Neverlands.
I don't know why, because it just sounds like it.
That's the name of the place in Colorado.
The man who said he was glued to a home depot toilet seat in 2003, passed a polygraph test
and ministered Wednesday this week.
Bob Dirty, 57, smiled inside his lawyer's office just minutes after learning of the test results.
Wheat Ridge Polygrapher, Jeff Janks, was paid an underscored amount of money by Fox31 News in Denver.
I guess that is to perform the test.
Janks asked already about 20 questions already said.
And for those questions dealt with an allegation by a former town official that Dirty said he was stuck to a toilet seat in the Visitor Center's restroom in 2004.
Dirty denied that allegation.
He said he would have put paper down on the seat first.
He would have got stuck to it.
In my opinion, he is telling the truth, Janks told the station.
I knew it was going to be like this, and he said to the polygraph results.
The finding prompted Dirty to call for an apology from Needle Land officials.
I'm not going to be putting up with crackpots, he told Fox31.
I don't need any more of this stress.
I want them to fix my name out that they've dirtyed it.
First they've dirtyed his ass.
Back home, when I glued, when they've dirtyed his name.
Dirty who said he threw up prior to an interview with Rocky Mountain News said he agreed to take the test because everybody thinks I'm dirty.
This is going to kill me my life as short as it is.
Mark Cohen, Dirty's lawyer, also said to find the source of Tuesday's news through which quoted former
town director of operations Ron Truz-Pas as saying he took a complaint from Dirty in 2004 about a sticky toilet seat.
Cohen issued a public records request of the town asking for seven sets of documents, including copies of any phone records or fax records or emails,
evidencing any communication by any time employed when he newspaper media outlets during the last 14 days.
Dirty made national news with his $3 million lawsuit against Tom Depot.
On October 3rd, 30th, 2003, he said he was glued to a toilet seat in the Louisville store.
Dirty said he needed to use the restroom urgently, reach for a paper seat cover before sitting down.
When the dispenser was empty, he sat down anyway.
That's what his legs and buttocks became a fix to the seat which was unbolted by paramedics and carried out with Dirty's still attached.
Dirty and his lawyer, Mark Cohen, said they're suing.
Maricone, suing a home depot because employees ignored his calls for help and failed to stock toilet seat covers.
News of a possible copycat.
A possible copycat situation in Baker's Field, California was important on MSNBC on Wednesday.
The unidentified man was taken to a hospital still attached to the toilet seat or he too was reported to his reports.
So actually if you want to be famous, just bring a bunch of crazy glue into the room.
Maybe you're a super glue.
Better get your onto it.
To the can.
So you have to worry about putting that pain in the ass paper down.
This is Neil Rogers.
On the space 5.16 Q.A.M.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Did you know that Johnny Carson and Fab Caliwais baby the Steve Flynn?
Where did you get that?
I read it in the toilet.
You're a Steve, don't want to know.
Did you know there's a place just six feet under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did you get that?
I picked it up in the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet.
This way.
In this die gave birth to a 55 pound shoe horse.
John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super new diet.
The bird is dating Johnny Hingley to make Warren jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins and I don't even know it.
Where did you read that?
Is the toilet.
But the national toilet put a quarter in the slot and really wiped the world for you.
It's 11.02 at 5.16 WQ.
I'm happy Friday to.
Yesterday I discovered how did I discover that?
I guess somebody faxed it in.
That first list of other celebrities.
You took it from there?
I took it from there.
I picked up the ball.
I ran with it.
WhoTo.com?
It's a pretty neat website.
So anyway, I was checking that thing out last night.
Here's another list of celebrities, the famous people who are critter defenders.
They aren't necessarily members of the anxious organization.
They've George hates so much, but they're like critter defenders.
They're like animals.
It says naturally, you expect such scientific luminaries as Jane Goodall to champion animal.
Right after all, she studied apes for most of her life.
And if you've read their books, it's not surprising that authors Astrid Lindgren and Alice Walker should be among those who advocate better treatment for animals.
But did you know about these other celebrities who have a soft spot for our furry friends?
I'm so interested.
I'm so interested in that.
I'm so interested in that.
But the joy is to get very upset.
Let's just stay away from our furry friends.
The star of the existence is actress Lindoblaire.
Well, we knew that, I think.
It's also possessed by the desire to save animals from exploitation and extinction.
She contributes to various charities that engage the public on animal issues.
She even has a hand in alternate.com.
A lifestyle psyched about it to cruelty free products and leather alternatives.
I wonder if they use animal products and byproducts and soap.
See Miguel likes the soap because he figures it's made from old shoes.
Former Beatles or Paul McCartney is a well-known vegetarian,
converted one day of lunch while watching the family sheep cohort.
His late wife, Linda McCartney, was an outspoken advocate of vegetarianism
and the author of several cookbooks.
In the 90s, she marketed a line of meatless frozen foods.
Now, what is it that the seventh day of Venice to eat that crap?
I mean, who eat that good stuff, the meatless stuff?
Yeah, that's terrible.
Come on now.
What about the bokeh burgers?
It was not too bad.
Who says so?
You never had a bokeh burger?
No, I can't say that I have.
But I knew I wouldn't like them.
I probably wouldn't.
Other popular recording stars who championed animal rights include
Electronic Awards or Movie.
Oh, thank God, Movie's not gay.
Singer songwriter Chrissy Ha-Haind of the Pretenders.
Is that Haind H-Y-N-D-E?
Yes.
Kruener Katie Lang.
Oh, thank God, she's not gay.
And Blues rocker Melissa Etheridge.
Yes, what?
What?
Gay.
Gay.
Bob Barker, host of the TV Game Show, the price is right as the founder
of the DJ and T-Found Base.
An organization that funds the spang and neutering of animals.
He also has waged the public campaign to ban elephants from circuses.
And in 8080, quit his host of the Miss America Miss Universe Pagans
when officials insisted on giving a fur coat as a prize.
He said, bye-bye.
He said, he'll go hop on his own fur pet fur coats.
At any rate, former Hollywood couple, Alex Baldwin and Kim Basinger are
a pro-members of the, oh, like I said, I made a bad mistake.
The pro-members of, oh, no.
People for the ethical treatment of animals.
The performing animal welfare society, pause, and that cute pause.
Another organization that worked for animal rights, Baldwin especially has become one
of the more outspoken celebrity advocates for animal rights movement.
And it's such something of a lightning rod for its opponents.
Just like in the movie, what's the movie?
The Alic Baldwin, with the Marianettes.
Yeah.
The movie with the Marianettes.
For you guys, they're just between the two.
You have no clue?
No clue.
We just got to talking.
I just watched it here a couple weeks ago.
Anyway, you guys are like so about to touch.
And you're like experts on toilet seats and soap.
My god, if I were you, I'd keep my opinions real, the real closeted, like most of your relatives.
Twins, Alexander, Paul, and Caroline Paul.
Both of vegetarians, animal rights activists.
Alexander Paul was a co-star on the TV show Baywatch.
Caroline was one of the first women to join the San Francisco Fire Department.
Alexander's defense of credit extends even to silkworms for her 2000 weddings.
You reportedly chose a wedding dress which contained no silk.
Isn't that lovely?
In the 1990s, TV talks to her host and sometimes actress Ricky Lake.
The Baldwin run for his money is the most news release celebrity against animal cruelty.
She and her husband were arrested in an anti-fur protest in New York and Lake did a brief sin in the slammer.
Under patent, she continues to be an advocate for animal welfare.
Working for animal welfare is no recent fact.
Celebrities who've been involved for years in the fight for better-conditioned animals include
actresses from all over the spectrum from Doris Day and delicious silverstone to Bridget Bardot,
L&D Generate from Mary Turner, More and Tippi Hedwin, who likes all of the animals except the birds
through Elfira, Mr. Siddharth.
And in the last decade, even supermodels have made their opinions known with top models now
and make Campbell and Christy Turlington coming out publicly against fur.
Another anti-furst celebrity is actress and cyber-pin-up Pamela Anderson.
That cow, the former star of TV's Baywatch, was given a 1999 award from PETA
for her public house-foconess on animal abuse and the fur industry.
There must be another reason George hates her life for his own.
And the movie Bay, actor James Cromwell, played the good-farmer hoggit,
a friend and entered her to a sheep hurting pig.
In real life, Cromwell is a friend to all animals and the narrator of a PETA
film urging people to stop eating pigs.
Oh, no chance. I love my brow-worst baby.
Yeah.
And everybody like brow-worst?
Of course.
And everyone on the good pork cha-pok cha?
Yeah, me too.
He has urged government officials in the public many times to put into animal cruelty
in 2000 when he's arrested outside of Wendy's hamburger restaurant
while trying to persuade people to boycott the fast food chain.
Oh, man, we like one of these, I'm gonna show.
Who was that?
Which jerk was this that was doing that?
James Cromwell.
James Cromwell, former hoggit.
It was.
5-6-7-05-60.
Tom Fie, World Police, Team America World Police.
That's a movie I was thinking.
Have you ever seen that?
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it. He has.
Of course.
You're the one that sent it to me, I thought.
And you didn't know the movie when I sent Alex Bolon, Mary and that.
Boy, you're just, you're still worried about my man-man-tie.
You're like so far behind, man.
You're like on a time delay.
Josh is working on a two-hour delay today.
What do you mean by that?
Alex Bolon, you could have said Alex Bolon, you know.
Mary and that's one other movie you've ever seen where they had Mary and that's portraying Alex Bolon.
Well, puppets, it was a better for me.
You lost them at Mary and that's a good idea.
You see, there is a difference between a puppet and a Mary and that.
Mary and that has strings attached.
A puppet doesn't have any strings attached to it.
Okay.
Got it?
I got it.
So you learned something today.
Like how do you do it?
It was a, uh, Mary and that.
He had strings on him.
Do you have strings attached?
580 votes.
We're going to have like 600 and just a second here.
And I would bet you like 750 by noon.
Holy moly, we're going to go away over a thousand a day.
Because people are whipped up about so-called bodywark.
In fact, they're swinging at each other.
They were so pissed off about it.
You started a craze.
Maybe we have like a riot in town this weekend.
We have the bodywars.
People line up on one side of the street and there's so people they can heav it at each other.
So people are going to win.
Yeah, probably.
Probably like the shaving jagged edges on their bars of soap.
And don't drop it.
Whatever you do.
The first thing you guys do, the guys that have the soap on the rope believe you me.
I know about them.
Yeah.
Yeah, they need the soap on the rope because they have a habit of dropping it intentional.
7QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I just wanted to thank you for getting me the flavor wave idea.
You actually bought one?
Yes, I did.
Excellent.
I had it for three weeks and I used it all the time.
One of the best damn things I'll ever buy.
I use mine every day.
You know the best thing?
My wife liked the idea.
And usually she doesn't like things that I bring in.
Yeah.
Well, I'll teach her a thing or two.
Okay, Paulie, enjoy it.
Hey, also go Red Wing's number one.
Yeah.
Okay, goodbye.
5670560.
Palm 560.
The Verizon singer to Ravasky.
He made a good choice but he's still a very boring guy.
That make you aam.
Hello.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
This is Eric Reed.
What are you doing?
It's an Alistair 3D and I talk to three teeth on here.
And then, that imitation Eric.
You got to say, the score is 77 to 76.
Then I know it's Eric Reed.
In fact, he sounded more like Greg Reed than Eric Reed.
To be honest with you, when you put your fist through the wall,
and if it's Greg or Eric, okay?
We'll tell him by the telltale sign.
WDQYM, hello, line 9.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, get the axe body wash.
I just got it this week.
I've seen that.
Let me ask you a question.
Is it good stuff?
It's good.
But I do it just on my hands.
Well, we know that.
If that's a bulletin.
I have seen the axe and then the bottles are very small.
Yeah, they're very small.
Not a good value.
The zest is huge.
Have you seen the zest?
I have not.
Really?
The zest is a good manly.
So, if I think you like it, it comes like in two flavors that I've seen.
One, the bottle is kind of a little pink.
I think maybe two pink for you.
And that is blue very manly.
I stick to my two soaps and I'm good.
Well, why can't you be a little more adventurous than that?
I understand if you can look for something and you like it, you stick with it.
But since it's a new concept relatively speaking last couple of years.
Why would you want to try a whole bunch of rainbow of varieties like I got there?
I don't see.
I don't need that.
Now do you have a ledge in your showers?
They're like a little ledge?
Yeah.
Well, that's perfect.
You better start working on it, man.
But I don't need 15-15 blocks.
In fact, when you change, you might want to shave in a shower.
Now put your edge on the ledge.
Now please don't tell me you use that old fashioned shaving cream.
I have an electric razor.
Oh, like I said.
Boy, what a...
Oh, man.
Is there a real man around?
Oh, this station?
Talking.
It's top of the line.
The brawn, man.
Clean's itself.
No, that is a good one.
You're right.
Brawn is good.
I prefer the gelette disposable.
The new ones, the one.
They keep making them better and better.
The new ones are still really cool.
You're shaving.
You don't even feel them.
Well, if you're going to use a razor, you should use the vibrating mock three.
You've got to get a hold of that.
If you use a razor, you haven't tried that.
Why don't you try that?
You stick with your vibrator.
I'll stick with my maxoman.
I'm worried about his body wash.
He's at home with a vibrator in the shower.
We don't want to hear about it.
A joist would be calm.
Just because George isn't here today,
you don't need to fill the gap.
Okay, this is usual filth and perversion.
How does those cheerleaders do, by the way, at Banana Joe's?
Still in that stall.
593 vote.
There's a store like Miguel probably wouldn't mind hanging out all the way through
that in there.
I'm not too sure.
Did you see the pictures?
I'm sure you did.
Yeah, of course.
Now, was she not a dog face or what?
That is the...
We're at the point.
We're at the point.
We're at the point.
Because the ugliest dog isn't after that.
Now, how come we're slowing down on a pool here?
We have 595 votes.
We ought to be way over 600 by now.
What's with you people for Christ's sakes?
Jesus, God Almighty.
This doesn't even require an opinion.
Just a fact.
Which applies to you.
A male.
I shower with soap.
327.
55% still living in a stone age.
Man, you're crazy.
You're lunatics.
Throw this soap away.
Open a window and heave it out the window.
Male.
I shower with body wash.
With a squeegee, you're 107.
That makes me feel so much better about life.
Guys that are all worried about what's everybody going to think.
Who cares?
Well, if the rest of the world knows what you're doing in the shower, man.
You've got real problems, real issues.
Male.
I shower with body wash.
But no squeegee yet.
I'm working up to it.
69.
I don't even bathe 49.
Female.
I shower with body wash.
24.
Female.
I shower with soap 19.
So out of 595 votes, we got 43 women.
Man, we are really...
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
The curtain over here.
I really want to help you as well.
You are planning me, my sweetheart, your wife
This is the final word you've got to write.
that's bad news, if that's bad news then you can't
The curtain over here.
You're planning me, your wife,
My religion is better than Jordan, really, darling.
My religion is better than George.
It's too far for us to be ghost.
We slaughter tape and dogs and goats.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
Yes, we were keeny sent to jail.
It never had a pay-per-day.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
It's my religion's better than George.
We now endorse a bother you like polar brushes.
We use my religion's better than George.
But religious better than George.
My religion is better than George.
We wear ties and light our bikes and vets and merry lives.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
We now want to use our brains for more than we go for it.
My religion is better than George.
Well, when I did it, at 5.60 WQM, Happy Friday, we got the mole-myster pillow open to a clock for two hours of really assimilating radio.
Final result on this poll, I decided to change the poll.
You want to know why?
Why?
Well, because how much is it going to change over the weekend?
I think when you get 616 votes, that's a pretty good prognosticator of just how this is going to turn out.
Don't you think?
Yes.
Which applies to you, male, I shower with soap, 340, 55.1% of the men listening to this show are still living in the stone-daged man.
They're still dropping the soap and enjoying it.
Male, I shower with body wash with a squeegee, which could be like, you know, washcloth, alufa, alifa, whatever.
Sponge, 113.
Male, I shower with body wash, no squeegee, 70.
I don't even bathe 49.
Female, I shower with body wash, 24.
Female, I shower with soap, 20.
So that's 44.
That's about 8%.
Pretty weak, if you ask me.
That's a pretty weak number, 8% women.
Yeah.
But then against QAM, and it's a sports nerd station, it has no women listening, basically.
So, they have to like, get a radar on audience.
Yeah, so we're not doing that.
Here's the new poll for the rest of the day in the weekend.
And maybe I left something out of here, but I don't think so.
The most traumatic time in South Florida history was the Mary-All-Bot Lift,
which I voted for that.
Can it be any doubt?
The first wave of Cuban immigration, McDuffie riots, the alien saga,
2009 each ad election, hurricane, Wilma or Hurricane Andrew.
Are those some pretty good choices, I think?
And the traumatic time that I'm missing?
No, I think we're good to go.
I think about it for a while, but.
Yeah, think about it.
Put on your thinking cap.
Joshua Loney is a vibrating razor, and they put on your thinking cap, and line the acete there.
Why aren't you lining the sea with toilet paper?
Because you don't want to catch Georgia's cooties there.
In which room are you in?
I'm in Georgia's seat.
See, you want to catch those cooties.
You don't even know where you're in.
Especially after you sat around for almost two weeks with no power in the house.
You don't even know what kind of things are crawling around that place.
But I'm a little worried about this mic, but you know, that's all different.
Yeah, I get that list of reen, and I spray it clean.
Because yeah, I would.
Bush and GOP admired in political quicksand.
Now I got a whole pile of stuff here in McGougat's upset when I read the stories,
and you know what, you can rot in hell, man.
I could care less if you like it.
Don't like it.
Just sit there and dump me up.
That's all.
All right, and every now and then interject some stupid comment.
Works for George.
Bush and GOP, well, this is the new poll.
We got more polling going on.
A lot of polls.
Democrats might be overstating their gubernatorial victories to the Injurian Virginia.
Our glaring signs for next year's midterm congressional elections are beyond.
But one thing is pretty clear.
Bush and the GOP seem to be mired in political quicksand.
Where's that record by Martha and the Van Dellels when I hear a quicksand?
Does she like that?
Oh, and Martha reused from Martha and Van Dellels.
She's running for political orifice in Detroit.
Isn't that great?
Okay.
Got to ask some for a deduce.
She's gotten tired of showing up in Branson, Missouri, I guess, with Andy Williams.
That's kind of sad.
All these old recording artists, I do mean old.
They have to want to go into like Niagara Falls and Branson and places like that.
The last NBC News, the Wall Street Journal, pulled release Wednesday night,
finds that all five of Bush and GOP ratings and overall job performance, the economy,
foreign policy, terrorism, and Iraq are in an all-time low in the survey.
In addition, the CIA leaked scandal seems to be taking a toll to nearly 80% believing the indemodative Dick Cheney's former chief of staff,
Scooter Libby is a serious matter.
And with Bush experiencing a 17-point drop since January, and those who seem as honest and straightforward.
Which is, you know, better late than ever, I guess.
With the midterms of your way, these numbers could spell trouble for the GOP.
These are not good times to Republican-send Republican poster Bill McIntyre, who conducted the survey with Democratic poster Peter Hart.
This is a very pissed off unhappy electorate that's going to be unstable, and they're terrifically unstable,
unless they're a Republican majority, he said.
Perhaps the best news for Republicans in the poll is that Democrats aren't necessarily very much better,
and rightfully so, by the way, we need spineless cowards that they are.
Both parties are having problems, McIntyre says.
According to the poll, Bush's appropriating stance in all-time low in this poll of 38%.
It's the third consecutive poll, you keep dropping it.
In other words, if it doesn't stop there, a approval for his handling of the economy, 34%,
4% policy of 35%, terrorism 39%, and Iraq 32% of all hit rock bottom.
Rock bottom.
How do you like that?
Where's the liar, it said, 57% said that they can't trust him.
Where was the other thing on that?
Oh, here it is.
33% gave Bush a positive rating for being honest.
57% said he's a liar, even worse than Greg Reef, which I'm telling you.
When you hear that, then you know you're a real trouble.
I mean, that's the affinity of lyingness when you're a worse liar than even our fearless leader.
That's bad.
And Patrick Buchanan writes, this is honor of George who's not working there, but he's become a big pack Buchanan fan.
Because Pat is one of those right wing Nazis who occasionally gets like a moment of clarity and has to spew out some truth.
He says, well, there are a governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's initiative, Democratic victories in New Jersey and Virginia.
And President Bush's free fall in national polls and job performance, credibility and character.
The Republican Party is an imminent peril of losing the country, says Pat.
Absolutely.
Indeed, since 2011, the parties indulged in a willful self delusion that's become America's party.
The Bush triumph in 2004, talking his braid, settled a matter.
Red State America's triumph over Blue State, America the future belongs to was.
This was always hyperbole where Nixon and Reagan rolled up 49 state landslides in reelection runs.
Bush won 31 states losing every state north of the Potomac in east of Ohio, two of the three great industrial states of the Midwest Michigan, Illinois, and Wisconsin on the Pacific Rim.
Had Kerry hammered him on trade and lost jobs in Ohio, Bush would have been a one-term president.
Well, it killed the first Bush president, seen as rooting the second as the abandonment of Reaganism and as an embrace of the twin heresies of neo-conservatism and the big government conservatism is preached by the resident ideal ideologues at the weekly standard in Wall Street Journal, weekly standard A.K.A. Bill Crystal, Nazi bastard.
Under Bush won taxes were raised funding for a hard-and-education exploded and a quotable assigned under which small businesses accused of racial discrimination were made to prove their innocence or to be punished in fru-sovia fashion.
Under Bush too, social spending has exploded levels that LBJ might envy, fornate has been doubled, pork at every meal has become the GOP diet of choice, surplus has vanished and the deficit is soaring back toward 5% of GDP.
Bill Clinton has turned to look like very goldwater.
Both Bush's abandon the economic patriotism that put Americans first for free trade globalism, result the most massive trade deficit in US history, the gutting of our industrial base, the loss of millions of manufacturing jobs, and the largest wealth transfer of all time with technology factories, high tech and high school jobs pouring out of the economy.
The government of America and do Asia.
Working America, the middle class have been sacrificed in the high author of the Republican Mall Walker Free Trade and how our Chinese brothers reciprocate our magnet and magnet and magnet and nominee.
Both Bush's embraced open borders immigration policy, the Wall Street Journal is prominent for two decades.
Result, we have 10 to 15 million illegal aliens in our country, among whom gangs like the murderous Mara Sultavur or whatever her name was, are proliferating.
Native born California taxpayers are fleeing the Golden State as third world tax consumers pour in.
So great is the crisis on the Mexican border, even the liberal democratic governors in the Mexico and Arizona declared states of emergency, meanwhile 35,000 US troops stand guard on the border of South Korea.
The late editorial editor of the journal Robert Barley once said, I believe that the nation state is finished. He and his progeny have shrugged down their level best to bring that about.
As a country we grew up, as a country we grew up and becomes unrecognizable. We still hear the journal, a good and faithful servant of the US business roundtable, warning us not to oppose open borders.
Meanwhile our very own Dr. Panguos, Ben Wattenberg, World War Bulls, on about our being the first universal nation in a necom, they verbal isn't diversity wonderful.
In foreign policy, Bush won was an internationalist, after building a new world order after the Cold War.
However, post-911 Bush too converted away new conservatism that calls for unilateral American intervention in the Middle East and the Islamic world to bring down dictators in established democracy.
Thus in March 2003, Bush and perhaps the greatest strategic blunder in US history invaded an Arab nation that hadn't attacked us, didn't want war with us, didn't threaten us, distributed weapons we now know it didn't have.
Results she encouraged have been liberated from Saddam but Iran has a new ally in southern Iraq, Osama's got a new base in the Sunni triangle, the Arab and Islamic world have been radicalized against the US, and topic cat killers have all kind of been targeting our remaining allies in Europe and the Middle East, Spain, Britain, Egypt, and Jordan.
And let's be forget, 2005 that's 2005, 1958 now Americans are dead and border-reed hospitals filling up.
Truly new conservative creed, Bush launched the global crusade for democracy that's now bringing even closer to power, Hamas and Gaza in the West Bank, Hezbollah and Lebanon, the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Syria, and she a fundamentalist and bagged that in Basra.
Democratic imperialism is still imperialism, there are many Islamic people, whether the crusaders come in the name of God or the name of democracy, they're still crusaders.
When Ronald Reagan went home to California, he said goodbye to all that and embraced big government conservatism and neo-conservatism, if they don't find their way home soon to the principles of Tant gold, water and Reagan, they will perish in the wilderness in which they've let us all.
So the all-per-right-wing Nazi tactic can, even he's pissed off and fired up, how do you like that?
50 votes on the pool here, let's see what we got so far in the second pool, trauma time, most traumatic time in South Florida, 2000 hanging each had election 15.
Mary Al Bolif 12, that was a lot of fun for those of us who survived it.
Hurricane Wilma 6, Hurricane Andrew 6, first rebukew in immigration 5, what do you say to that?
The alienito saga 4 and the McTuffy riots, Solomente dos.
This is Neil Rogers, this is 5.69 AF.
 crossolli's
and it was a successful
to me
27 on noon at q.a.m. 78 votes on the new poll so we need 384 on this one to get to our
thousand for the day keeping that number in mind
380 vote and we got 78 already we're on our way to San Jose
now Jane sent interesting facts here not really all that interesting that I
want to recent and you you thanks it to me
is it the way it came out here or was it this way when you sent it it was the
way that way when I got it there's a few sentences missing
yeah just enough so it doesn't make any sense it's like crappy facts that came
out Jane it come out too good and she says something I don't know what she says
whole bunch of stuff thanks Jane there's one lady out there listening who even
bother to send a facts but I can't read it because it's got like all kinds of
blockages and puke on it man found guilty of drugging them in for sex and
torture in Tampa but there's a lot of crap going down in Tampa you know it
that's a two bad the storm didn't like wipe that town right off the map I mean
there might be a few people we like over there like the people of Donatello's
in Bernstake House but other than that wipe that thing right off the map and start
all over again but yeah who's now where were you when you were in Tampa like
was I like downtown Tampa I've been all over Tampa I've been in Tampa's
Indian Times Bernstake House Donatello's which I just mentioned both I think
Crystal there on Dale Maybe I mean you worked in Tampa for a while I didn't work
in Tampa but we had when I was at IOD we had a week where they were
redoing our studio in IOD so they the whole bunch of us the whole station the
whole staff had to go over to Tampa and they put us up in a hotel and we had to
do our shows from WSU and which at that time was simulcasting our shows I see
so we did the shows from Tampa why do you ask in other words you're suggesting I
don't know Tampa I know no I was I was gonna ask you where what part of Tampa
you were in but when you say what part of Tampa I mean it's like you know there's
downtown Tampa which is pretty boring and then they got that it looks like
something out of India with the University of Tampa with a strange buildings they
got you know yeah and then there's Dale Maybe which is where all your new
bars are is probably where you hang out there's really not like sections of
and of course as you go over way west and you go over to the beach which like
nothing it's not nothing there really and St. Pete were also in St. Pete where
the average age is death yeah we did it pretty good Italian restaurant in St.
Pete which I'll never know the name of what it was but it was pretty good they
got some good restaurants over that can't figure it out I just don't understand
why like Tampa and Orlando with a bunch of backwater red next it got so many great
restaurants and it's out for I mean nothing around some but per capita they're
just aren't as nearly as many good restaurants in South Florida's our
in Tampa can we agree on that okay I'm just telling you that maybe you have an
even in a place like Seth Stacon shake I don't know well where were you in
Tampa that was so great where did I where did I live or you lived in Tampa I
lived in Tampa for two years oh my that explains so much I
didn't know that yeah I lived in Brandon oh in Brandon now that's really the
anus of the universe Brandon that's East Tampa Brandon that's now is it
Brandon or Bartow or they used to have the old cow palace in fact you asked where
I was I went to huh that's Bartow in Bartow they had the old cow palace where
the lightning played the first two seasons and before before we had the
Panthers there was only Tampa Bay so as being the big leaf spend that I'm
every time the Leafs would play Tampa I go there to that cow palace and
talk about and the Leafs would just pound the crap the lightning really bad I
mean really bad back then and Leafs would just pound the day that said I loved it
that that was the most bizarre place it was like there's like a hockey arena in
a circus tent yeah yeah pretty good for you being the big hockey fan that you
are you went to a lot of games there yeah not one not went to the ice palace and
the ice palace is also a very strange place in fact the ice palace it's not bad
that's a new place right yeah I never been to that one what was the
intermediate one in between that was the old arena I don't remember there was
an arena in between and in that arena it was like it wasn't pitched the
seats were pitched properly so that like if you were said there was a woman with
a big big bee bonnet haircuts in front of me I remember one game and I couldn't
see over her head yeah I've been leaning and leaning from side to side because
the seats were not like angled at the right angle that's Tampa for a man
really screwed up so you liked it there huh well you know I was it was like my
first year at high school I didn't have a bad time but I wouldn't want I
definitely like it down here better I mean there's like a lot of horny farm
girls there I'm sure in Tampa you know pretty much well you know you're kind of
in a redneck place when you when you drive up like main streets and all you see
is you know truck beds for sale right like every other light now the thing I
think the thing that you need to see in Tampa is just it's like in South
Florida you look around when you're on the interstate for example on 95 and you
look around and you see that the people to your left and the people to your right
are all like geeks a lot of like not like normal people are like all it looks like
the spaceship just landed and in Tampa they all had like the orange here and they
had like one eye kind of like Kenny Albert they got their one eye down where
their chin is supposed to be they're like out of this world oh yeah you go to
that you know you go to that big-ass brand and mall and you'll see some
mutants and I'm gonna tell you something we did when we started
simulcasting I as you win it was Randy Rhodes and me and Rick and Suds in
Little George and they were simulcasting our shows we did an appearance or two
and the first appearance we did it one of the malls that I can't for the life
remember what mall it was and it were like 5,000 people showed up I mean
Brandon you know 5,000 people showed up not that we ever had a big ratings over
there but man they sure were interested go ahead I think they want to lynch us if
you remember that mall it's I think it's like the third biggest mall in the
world it's you really yeah I don't I don't know if it was a giant Brandon yeah
right there the only thing I remember about Brandon is when you drive through
when you go to Tampa and you go that way through Brandon from coming from the
east right is that every fast food joint that's ever been invented something
you never heard of are in that one what is that 60 highway 60 exactly and all
it is it's fast food there's a there's a big movies and a big mall that's it
that's Brandon that's Brandon well what's not to like right now as opposed to
loot for example or temple terrace for the real Yahoo is I might have to play
that chronic from loot again today now Miguel come up while he's busy thinking
and laying out with any other thing they're left off this poll we got a hundred
votes that means we need just 280 for to get to our thousand for today I'm
keeping track here like it's some kind of a contest are we banting out traumatic
times and stuff for anything major event I don't know a lot of Cuban stuff on
this poll though well you know if you wouldn't say that's how for this been about
getting defensive again and I didn't hear it did I invent alienito that I
invent the Maryl Boliv that I invent the post the cash will come in the first
wave of a Cuban immigration no those things change the face in the ass of
South Florida baby wasn't the first wave the Maryl Boliv the first wave was in
1960 after they threw out the Batista after cash see you you talk of the game
but you don't even know your human history you know nothing that's what are you
talking about that's all you know is cash during Cuban Cuban you're like
worse than those old green toothed fastudes in domino park God you wouldn't
know fast domino from domino park I do like fast domino let's get into that again
and thank God he still walk into New Orleans he's still okay he disappeared
there for a couple of days where did yeah the where did they find him again he
was hanging out at some football let's see an LSU player I think the punter
or the place kicker is hanging out at his house he was hanging 107 votes the
most traumatic time in South Florida was the 2000 hanging tablection 25 the
Maryl Boliv 25 that's your turn down on my date County in a toilet hurricane
Andrew 22 the first wave of Cuban immigration 13 with or without
Hyman Roth hurricane Wilma 12 and the alien second seven and the mayor and
McDuffie right so you know if you even saw Godfather to Miguel and you certainly
must know about the overthrow even when I was supposed to be fiction the
overthrow of Batista that that fecista they were pretty on they were pretty
dead on there well there you go just like they were dead on a Godfather 3
about how they killed the old Pope and Vatican like me Robert Calvary
and all those things are all the same
and now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney today Dick Diles
celebrity biographer Kitty Kelly
hello
hello
kitty Kelly please
I ask you this is Dick Cheney vice president of the United States of America how are you
fine that's good that's nice
is it something I can help you with?
yes yes it's just that book it coming out next week is your own frankly we
question its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of
months before actually putting it out
I'm sorry my son is breaking out is the you just asked me not to
suspect what I feel after the election yes after George Bush gets reelected
print on your watch we won't care then why would I want to do that?
why are why are oh my if they're books released the terrorist win huh you're
messing with the president of the United States of America okay I'm hanging
up now we know where you live you dumbass
that's right we'll get you a little bit of to know too
bye what's wrong with you
hello
hello
this has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney there he is there's the
biggest book of law baby he'd be the best old Dick Cheney 14 go to until two
minutes so this thing got by fast and anyway started to read the story you got me
sidetracked with all your stories about Tampa and Stake and Shake and Crystal and
Donna Tellos I bet you never read it down at tell us on Dale maybe even though
you live there two years did you know I did not you missed out that's an
outstanding awesome place maybe a little too off scale for you back then yeah
back then like I said right now a Tampa man was found here the yesterday and
federal court of nine counts of drugging young men to rape and torture them
kind of sounds a little bit like Abu Garib two of the victims of Stephen Lorenzo
ended up dead and he's likely to face murder charges and stay court later on
the jury deliberated about three hours over two days before finding Lorenzo 46
guilty of slipping the date rate drug GHB into the race of all nine victims and
then sexually torturing them at his home I thought the date rate is that Robert
yeah yeah what I thought the date rape drug with Rufi's for you stick with your
date rate drug and drug and let him stick with his Michael Wachols and Jason
Gailhouse both 26 were killed the other seven victims all testified about
meeting Lorenzo at bars he'd be losing track of their drinks or having the
Lorenzo serve them drinks before they lost consciousness the men woke up naked
and in pain some remembering bonded your forced sex and others having almost no
memory won't happen at all Lorenzo's attorney argued that the sex acts were
consensual prosecutor said Lorenzo teamed up with Scott Schweikert a Chicago man
he met online to fulfill their ultimate fantasy by killing Wachols and Gailhouse
Gailhouse was killed and dismembered by Schweikert Lorenzo December 19 2003
after the three engaged in sex and indictment said oh it's probably just no
consensual oh sure Schweikert told federal agency and Lorenzo cut up the body
put the pieces in garbage bags and scattered them in trash bins throughout the
city I knew there was some stench in tap I will now we know what it's from the
next night Lorenzo and Schweikert allegedly drug rape and killed Wachols wrapping
him in a bench sheet living him in his jeep according to the indictment the
vehicle was discovered January 6 2004 investigators found on Lorenzo's computer
hundreds of thousands of images including photos of Wachols's dead body taken
Lorenzo's house hours after he was last seen Gailhouse's DNA was found in
large pool of blood and the dirt beneath the cobblestone floor of Lorenzo's
gay rise prosecuted Anthony Portelli said he'll seek the maximum sentence of
two hundred years in prison for Lorenzo on the federal convicts and so be
sentenced January 27th, Schweikert will face a federal father to one two hundred
years in jail enjoy every minute of it and of course on the inside just like
Jeffrey Dahmer see the have a habit on when you get on the inside like what was
his name father the one that got murdered in jail the child minister from
the Catholic Church father Shanley whatever's name was that guy gay was
a gigant father gigant see I remember the part I remember the gigant
no seriously don't you do word association at times even even the young people
do that sure yeah word association just like that movie what was it again team
America world police I can't believe it well anyway 147 votes the most
dramatic time and stuff for what it was you filmed like I don't really care
about your votes under which one it is although the 2010 you had election you
know why that's a although Wilma you know is more recent but well for whatever
reason they're voting for that because alien what was alien what you was at that
maybe 93 I got the Google list I'll Google it I'll I'm going to let me Google it
I like Google in it the alien case okay the online news are alien Gonzalez
2000 see alien Gonzalez returns to Cuba after the Supreme Court turns out
last minute appeal to keep him in the US June 28 2000 so 2000 you talk about
a traumatic year that's the year of the hanging chat election just months later
after we try to recover from the embarrassment and humiliation of a bunch of
screaming lunatics interfering in a child custody case which was nobody's
business including a lot of grandstanders like Andy Garcia and your favorite
what's her name the great songstress the great Cuban songstress what they'll
surname that bitch yeah and glory as Stefan how's that voter coming out there
glory that's right it was the other guys fall and speaking of that last
day from Tampa just to show that the it's not only Tampa a crystal Lake
middle school geography teacher faces new charges after a third student came
forward accusing him of sexual assault here's what detectives from the B.S. oh
are saying says the Sun Central about the latest and previous assaults involving
Adrian Baldes 29 of dear field beach I wonder if he's came to Wimbledes if
he just invited these guys over for coffee Baldes was charged third day with
additional counts of sexual battery exposure of sexual organs and loot in
the serious molestation for an ass off on August 28 2005 when Baldes drove one of
his 14-year-old students to his house and committed a sexual offense one of his
male 14-year-old students just have to clarify this you know which show where
we're going with this okay well you do care about that B.S. oh sex crime detected
first-directed bailouts October 21st for an assault upon a 12-year-old boy
publicity from that arrest prompted a 14-year-old boy to say that he too is
victimized by Valdez now another 14-year-olds come forward this is starting to
sound like the Catholic Church scandal and father gay gone it's a pile of yeah
that's what they were doing each one of three separate assaults on different
boys has been strictly similar each case Valdez offered his students rides home
candy little boy and took them to his house showed them photographic
videotapes led them into his bedroom and committed identical sex acts in the
same location with the new room although here doesn't say what they were and
of course inquiry minds want to know in addition authorities in Orangeburg
South Carolina for open investigation into allegations that Valdez
victimize the 16-year-old boy they've been mentoring in 2002 that word
mentoring really I get nervous when I hear that word mentoring and running
like a good daughter George yeah Valdez is still being held without bond in the
B.S.O. main jail any other children may have been victimized by Valdez
urge to contact B.S.O. defective says the slum sentinel five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty maybe these people have some other traumatic South Florida
episodes they're even more important than the ones we got by seriously dotted W.D. Q.A.M.
hello I hate Neil yeah one thing let me turn up my radio here in regards to the
Michael Mayo thing about taking a dollar off your F.D.L. Bill yeah he's doing a
great job of lining the pockets of F.D. and L because they're gonna charge
your four and a half percent on that dollar so they're gonna get back their
dollar five yeah well the pensions are good but the whole concept is just stupid
you know he's just parting into a windstorm that's right it's a male and
in closing F.D.N.L. say for me that was great that was a beautiful job sir this
year did and a lot of other people too I'll tell you one thing we don't
mess around the edges of it on this show we're not like pussy footing around I
come right out and tidy F.D.L. blows okay they should only rotten hell not
they poor guys out there that work including a lot of hydro I'm Terry or workers
from here that went down there and helped get your power back on too by the way
good Canadian boys but nevertheless the corporate F.D.L. the executives of
Muina one guy up there with his big generator you should only rotten hell there's
a special place at hell for F.D.L. what does this say Peter people eating tasty
animals that's cute I like that it says this there's plenty of room for gods
animals right next to the mashed potatoes that's good although guess what's
coming up in a couple of weeks what's that come on what holiday oh thank you
there we already had our Thanksgiving early October here we're way ahead of
you guys well that's because it's always good to eat the birds early before they
get that avion flu man when at Berks who I just see they had two flamingos
somewhere over there in the Middle East that had one of them had the killer virus
the bird flu so when you sit down to eat your Thanksgiving dinner this year
even all your Orthodox Jews out there might want to look kind of look the other
way for one day maybe a nice hand would be good right what's the other
alternatives that people eat isn't just basically their turkey or hand on
Thanksgiving yeah pretty much so nice hand maybe with some pineapple glaze on it
it would be good honey honey bacon honey oh that's good get the honey baked junior
as opposed to that turkey because that only knows see I think really what if
they want to solve the problem you kill all the birds and then we might be safe
would that be a good idea if this bird food just kill all the birds don't pick
and choose now Jane sent that fax again and I can read it perfectly but it's
like I said Jane thank you yeah long and ponders now what does this say I told
him this but will not happen but the message is important what is this about
ARL huh ARL yeah they I my deal would be for me to come to studio for five to ten
minute interview no not gonna happen Troy no not gonna happen okay we don't
know our airtime is very valuable and we'll do whatever we want for our good
their friends up in radio land but that is nothing to happen Troy even even a
Troy went and sent me a whole dozen bottles of that fantastic dial body wash
they was recommending the lavender the pink kind whatever was sorry for
they ain't gonna happen which you already know it's not that will not happen the
most traumatic time in South Florida to hang in the chat election 42 we got
158 votes what is that let's do the math okay 616 and 158 this sounds awful
soy then but I don't care I have a fetish about it in case you haven't
noticed 774 that means we need a mere 226 by two o'clock to get to our thousand
for the day on our combined polls about body wash and soft water trauma in fact
I think a lot of guys out there might have never been another choice on the
poll today they'd wrap the soap would be traumatic that's what's her Miguel
around so this is Neil Rogers
they're back to 516 QAS
this is more evident and this portion of the Neil Rogers are your 12 to 1 hour is
brought to you by the lead and 12 what do people by 678 my 12 and 12
the license of pizza for me
back home tell it down there kill them
you family
2000 for sure sucks next year we'll have more love I can see it now I've
missed out your back how might even fight a cure for that guy might go more
when you feel your SUV that that's what I'll be free even when
push cuts our taxes death is will still go down and matter will not use
taxes Osama will be found I know there will be peace throughout the
Middle East all this will graduate and careerize will be
so straight please let it be great I sure hated this year don't need wars
or elections and no more flu infections he will be cleaner and charge on
food be leaner let's all the scum the bright side is to down to down in 2005
I've known it QAM we got Molle Maister it to two mad dog it for from
Hooters and Pemberg Pines Pants his figure with seven Gelties speaking of that
with a Panther Carolina Hurricanes game from the Macarena some thirty in the
ancient camping short after the hockey game should be a damn good game you
want to see a really exciting team a surprise shocking team Carolina nothing to
be fired than to beat the crap out of Carolina but I wouldn't hold my breath
the canes are how does home we're not talking about you and me there
quick pick it on you and will you by the way Miguel down to Shalili's pissed off
I mean well and speaking of the people being pissed off I finally figured out
while Adam is leaving why and that was because Josh Cortes is responsible for
Adam to ran leaving QAM did you realize that I you know that went through my
head yeah it was you're outing him on that the situation with the animal
coast about that dessert situation you know and you go in there and it was a
weekend thing and it was I think that's what put him over the edge even though
we did come in and suck around heavy duty because Adam and I already got a
long-rate in George but I think you pushed him out the dough sorry Adam just
telling the truth oh man you are unrepentant as they say whatever that means
you're just the unapologetic and just lay it right out there just like saying
Mike Mike Burdeno is a jackass I don't even know the guy but he is you
look one thing to be honest and there are plenty of problems with the
Marlins and all the other sports franchises and softwares are the biggest
problems that most people don't give a crap about anything so football but
other than that but you know and I'm I'm a hard-ass when it comes to all of
those guys but John Henry was a was a piece of crap compared to these guys
very true these guys at least have made an effort to go out and put a win
around the field and they've won and they have one they won a world
championship even after John Henry how do you like that I think Baradino
wants us to be the Yankees or something well then let him go to New York let
me be bookshobby you'll put him in the suitcase with him in Dan La Bastion
take the Gonsome and spoke up to New York when he goes through the Mets games I
just need these negative people and far be it for me like comment about the
choices Losers Thanksgiving on their in the morning with him like I were
win bag oh god I rather have I were win bag on non-stop even during baseball
season than Mike Burdeno too negative to be covered in Marlins though one of the
team hates you like poison didn't the hoppers say that they hate him they
actually said that even about one of his good close buddies see that's the
problem I can't separate personal from business like Dave Joseph oh I like
Dave he says I don't care if you like Dave okay that's fine maybe the guys are
doing something I don't know but well whatever have a good time but as far as
business my god sour negative I don't think he's ever written a positive word
about anything in his life Dave Joseph WQA a negative line hello
good morning Neil yes sir good afternoon yeah hi have you ever gave
consideration to put a gym to feed you behind your feeders curtain
warning nothing more than a panning oh that's pornographic baby that we all
go to jail for he is just even all this clothes on that's pornographic how can
that guy be on channel four didn't we actually is that a regular segment
hours that was that just a one-time deal do we know we don't know how can
that creature be on there here's a fact that says if you want to put a glitch
in that feels building system oh yeah here we go right okay
let me see yeah all these people a lot of play games you know you you go ahead
you play your games when they shut your power off and you go like that and I
don't come cry to us okay FPL don't want no game players out there they're
only one thing they want and that's your money and plenty of it lots of it 20.6%
increase just raping the public after doing a horrendous horrendous people job
after Wilma pathetic scientists uncover proteins weight loss
secrecy I want to those people who believes in the Actions even though I can't
stay out because I know it works since by the all you know the fact he fell down
on the sidewalk and he died and he got all bloated up and oh he was so fat when
he died he was fat because he had a thing and when you have a thing sometimes it
makes you fat like a salami sandwich but seriously the Actions works like a
miracle for your blood blood cholesterol and your triglycerides all your
things and you wait and even if he don't lose weight I'm much better for you
because we find carbohydrates over killing everybody I did have a pint of
hot and I was been out yesterday and I liked it not apologizing for it I like
that I enjoyed it tremendously I apologize no I don't I don't apply any more than
you apologize to Adam for getting him to leave I'm out of apologizing for enjoying
my hug and does you know when you get to be an old fart like me how long you
out less anyway right I just want to enjoy it as long as you can keep your
sugar under control take an extra pill here or there or whatever maybe a shot
of insulin stick it a little needle in your back bone ever wherever whatever
happened to be doing I'm not recommending top off there go not to eat some
bread some pasta right I don't like bread I mean I like it okay but it's not
something I'm not showing you know I love bread I never get ready to get in my
life will you listen to me if I never had bread again I could live without it
wow the only thing is if I go to a nice attorney restaurant they bring nice
warm bread you know would like some garlic butter yeah and the fact that they
put it there I eat it if they wouldn't put it there I wouldn't ask for it and
what was the other thing he said pasta I do a pasta man do I love my pasta I'm
going to Italy right now I'm gonna I'll see you I'm going to go to Rome anybody
that tells you that anybody can make food and tag in food like they do in Rome
they're a liar liar full of crap I don't even care if they're from Italy the
food in Rome is so good it's just it's still binding that's how good it is
WDQYN hello well Neil yes sir hey everybody I know got their power back with
enough three or four days no so why did I give him the else it's hard time
empty out well you work for FPL no no no they work for me yeah okay I'm happy
for you okay get lost loser everybody he knows got the power back within three
or four days he must not know any of the people I know well he just said he
though FPL people work for him so the people he knows are the FPL employees who
got their power back yeah before they help anybody loser we hate you we want
you to die why we're giving them such a hard time because it's the honest
joke he has been saying the truth because you guys suck that's why in fact I
got a story here that was it's way down to my pile but you know what here it is
right here Lake Worth 18 days the number is imprinted on a Katrina Valdez's
brain 18 days of cold showers on stuffy days without air conditioning of a
noisy a noxious generator shattering the nighttime calm welcome to Barton
quarter working class on clay about a quite cold assack in Lake Worth among the
last neighborhood in Palm Beach County without power after Hurricane Wilma 18
days later and they're still powerless the four duplexes on north side of
the street had electricity we stood October 29 the four on the south side
remain powerless eerily shattered at night by a street lamp burning right
over broken tree limbs in an abandoned washer southern residents say they don't
want they don't resent their neighbors all the wild gazing longingly at
their porch lights I don't know anybody without power except these few houses
right here about it said you'd rather out and this crap about within three days
they had the power back on how many days were we reading about the hundreds of
thousands of people without power and daybroward in Palm Beach how many days
were there three days were talking baby in fact now we're closing it on three
weeks from Wilma which was a two and a half weeks ago the four duplexes on
north side of that through rednet in the rest of restore electricity in Palm
Beach County handful of homes and businesses have been skipped either because
the building sustained more damage than their neighbors or in the case of
Barton court bad luck Lake Worth officials say yesterday that fewer than a
hundred of the 26,000 home service by Lake Worth utilities have yet to regain
power that even even an FPNL another hundred residences out of the 663,000
served by FPL the county remain dark FPNL Florida Plunder Reload in competent
liars polls were cracking breaking at all those warnings a sunset and let a
good story on that that we read we don't know nothing about no poll wasn't the
polls okay whatever you say with probably the Russians not the polls the power
outages make worth and our concentrated city officials said rather most
our single family dwelling sixes valedays is poor a carina valedays that
maybe last guy if you got FPL all works for him set him over there to a lake
worth okay get their damn power back on loser liar phony valoni good call
though come in a Q.A.M. Hello W.A.M. Hello Q.A.M.
yes sir you work for FPL now no good thank God go ahead because if you
say yes I'd hang up on you go ahead go ahead sir speak to me oh I'm sorry
no I didn't know it was you don't be sorry two zero screaming though you know
it was me though right since I started bitching out you know it was me listen
since you uh uh playing old bitch can you play Jimmy and Danny Danny and
Jimmy absolutely sure you got it and in closing Ricky and Ronnie and Ronnie and
Ricky all right well they're gonna get the wall of wallop on Sunday man the
papers are kicked their ass and if they don't I'm gonna add that then I'll be
upset I expected the Patriots to get walled by Indianapolis they did I that was
no surprise to me and how many points you guys gonna give up this week though about
30 about 30 me score about 70 I tell you what if the dolphins throw up 30 on you
you might as well cash it in just the dolphins aren't gonna score 30 points it
often couldn't score 30 points in two weeks okay I guess even semi-real teams
no matter how banged up ninja they are I'm just letting you know Tommy Brady's
gonna pick that secondary apart like like heart surgery speaking of health
they started reading this now we got to that FPL guy he was very good very all
everybody I know had to power back in three days they work for me yeah right you
know what that is you know what that means that that's a stockholder he's got a lot of
FPL stock I hope your stock goes down to like my has a minus in front of the
number minus infinity hope your stock is worth a paper that Miguel is putting
on the toilet seat in the tea room in fact even the paper is more valuable he says
that keeps the germs off his back don't ask a study of protein once you
rat speaking of that shows that a low carb that sparks a chain of biological
events that ultimately curves hunger I'm gonna have me a a brat worth a lunch
this inspired me and no ice cream today no carbs the French researchers explain
it this way protein the stable of such weight loss regimens appears to
increase glucose production in a small intestine the rise of which is
monitored by the liver and then registered by the brain and turn the brain
sends out an all full message cutting back on the draft eat more and like I
told him before the show today whoever had a big cheeseburger and said oh God
I had to have another big cheeseburger Josh but the only reason that would
happen is because you're eating the buns see if he'd be a cheeseburger with a
bun then the carbs in the butter what's gonna make every or feed in the fries
fries will like set you loose the correct findings provide an answer to the
question of how protein in which meals decrease hunger and reduce eating
unresolved up until right now the study authors said the Institute National
they last sent us something in Leon France all these names the novel
understanding of the effective diet protein will open new gates in the
liberation of future medical treatments of obesity the researchers fed one
group of rats a 50% protein diet in which with soy protein and casting fat
another group ate a starch image that contains a 17% protein reporting in the
November issue of cell metabolism oh that's my favorite magazine the French
team found that by the end of just one week rats on the protein rich
regimen are consumed 15% less food than those in the starch diet group the
protein that rats also gain significantly less weight over the course of the
week than the starch diet rats the study found and it wasn't that the rats on
the protein rich diet didn't like what they were eating since the researchers
had made sure to include foods the rodents loved a more complex explanation for
the protein link right to us was revealed through blood tests they showed the two
genes specifically involved in the intestinal glucose production were much more
active in a protein diet group compared with the starch diet group what was
a starch okay with a corn and a beans man toss the beans believe me what I
tell you toss those damn beans especially those mushy refried beans when it
doubts us about along with that bar of soap I see a good comparison there man
that's why you see all I'm fat pudgy Mexicans because even though they are
sluppers most of them and you think for these people ought to be anorexic
looking like like Karen Carpenter just oh contrary man they're pudgy and
chubby and the reason why because they eat all I'm sloppy refried beans don't
they and guacamole also mousse just mousse too much mousse man I don't know how to
pull how are we doing here uh 210 I might not even read the result of what it
says I just want numbers we just want numbers okay Joel fiber wants numbers
but he don't have that's the problem over there we tell it tell you about that
whole thing an emerald hills to 826 what do you realize this we're gonna have
the thousand without even like push to get all psychotic fat times and it's but
that's two different polls see that is that mean we're back as far as the poll
I didn't know we were gone well we as far as the polls can see me as far as the
audiences concerned I'm thinking that a lot of people are still like trying to
put their lives together because I talked to people who are still you know got
the the adjuster is coming and the rufus coming and the screening guys coming
and offense people all these things in the tree trim and guy all these when you
think I would think not that people are listening like in their car radio
so they're transistor sister wherever they're hanging it out but in the meantime
they're like trying to put their lives back together again so we give you
people a free pass until Thanksgiving anyway then there'll be no more excuses and
Thanksgiving unless of course you die from eating one of those avian bird turkey
what how do you know what you're laughing about the poultry situation in
Europe now they're like banning poultry from certain places and people are
starting to get really nervous about them at chickens they're killing them and
they ought to be nervous about the chickens right in the U.S. anyway all those
poor chickens that are can't even scratch it you know they're like all what
do they call those get you some kosher chicken okay those are really be good
for it that kosher chicken the one where the rabbi sucks the blood right
of the damn animal before they wrap it up and make it kosher for praise off
and that what they do is not how they kosher it 1214 at 560 WQAM when you're
shopping for shoes comfort fit and value those are the three main ingredients
that just about everybody wants and that's why smart people take their feet
to brandy shoes for the most comfortable fit in your favorite style shoes and
we're talking to top major brands like rock port echo four shan
nafisto new balance S.A.S. all the top things in the two business that people love
they make quality and Brandy's professional super does will make sure you have
a customized fit of that favorite comfort you every time just ask for Arnie
he'll take care of and chances are that you'll never hear oh sorry we don't
have that style in your size because they've got such a humongous selection
there that they just about guaranteed you can bet fat boys life on that whatever
style suits your fancy your sizes on this shelf right now when it's like on
your fat tootsies the pros and Brandy's understand fit and cover they
specialize in wide wits as well and Brandy's as well worth a trip from just
about anywhere in town don't forget now for comfort style fit value and
selection it's always brandy shoes and you'll find them at 1290 North
Federal Highway in Pompano Beach open daily Monday through Saturday till nine
and Sundays nine to five and all this week at Brandy's it's the after will
the sale men's pro walkers only 4490 men's very top side is a OS 4490 and
men's world tour just 6990 so be sure and get your fat ass into Brandy's this
week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com
this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62
And and
we have a mobile from
uh, near a mar hello.
Can you hear me okay? I got a question.
Go ahead.
Give me a Danny situation.
I have. Give me a Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
Danny.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
I'm not going to do any of that.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.
He works in mysterious and devious ways.

Hey Ray
Hello
I'm a soul today.
Hey, Crabley.
Here we are.
Here we are, visit, please me.
All right.
You said it was a stay.
See a man with a day on his TV
as a cubist, fly the moon away.
In the air, she isn't as a form,
she'll get their way.
When the hell's set, she's standing back
and the hearts become.
We want it all to go away today.
Absolutely.
And we're tied up anyhow.
And we're tied up traffic jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on last.
And we're tied up, really old.
And we're tied up protest.
We should stand here and back.
Oh, you're here.
People have to walk down.
And grow up to the moon.
Oh, another chance for publicity.
While the new year should lie in the down.
And here we are.
We want to live with Hickey.
Leave the cubist for behind.
Shout out to him with gifts and stars.
While my army, my army slowly died.
I'm dying on the ass in the end.
So she isn't as a form, she'll get their way.
When the hell's set, she's standing back
and the hearts become.
We want it all to go away today.
You fairy.
And we're tied up anyhow.
And we're tied up traffic jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on last.
And we're tied up, really old.
And we're tied up protest.
We should stand here and back.
And we're tied up anyhow.
And we're tied up traffic jams.
And we're tied up for this crowd.
We just want to live on last.
And we're tied up, really old.
And we're tied up.
Well, 47, let's go.
Let's burn some tires in the streets in Highly on the weekend.
What do you see me?
Let's go out there and just ensure we're still POs.
Back with stuff up.
Okay, have a good time.
That's an exciting news.
Forget about A Leon and his little member and his abuela
and all that crap.
Emerson, Wisee, and the house that Fisherman doing.
Is he still hanging out in the closet?
Rejes filled into host.
This is your life.
How do you like that?
This region's man.
It's just amazing.
It's just talk about resurrecting a dead career.
Unbelievable.
Rejes filled into prime time.
The live with Rejes and Kelly show host.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
And they're trying to shove him off.
Now what's the crazy person that we're talking about now?
You talking about our sales department again?
Now I'm talking about a just for instance,
just an example of family members.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Can't go see the other guy.
You get some of that rope he's got later on.
It's a tree that is the poles tied up with.
And this time up, put him in the attic.
56670566, it's over the cause of the extra good today.
It's Friday.
You got moped coming up at 2.
These colors are going to, I'm sure that most of these colors
are inspired by the show that follows us.
Mad Dog at Hooters in the Pemberg Fines at 4.
And then we got the big Panther game.
I'm serious.
You ought to go out, you know, most people they'll care a lot of that's pretty boring.
They're an exciting team.
They're got a tremendous opening record.
They're hotter than a pistol in our van.
And this could Eric Stahl.
There is a real player for you.
He is a Dino might.
Panthers in the Caroline Hurricanes, which were nearly with Suckba.
That should be a really good game.
And Eddie Kay, 85 year old Ed Kaplan,
comes in with his walkered knight right after the hockey game.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hey, is this Q-AM?
This is WDQ-AM, you got him, man.
Hey, man, I was sitting around and have you heard this one?
Standing on a ladder, here's some splatter diariate.
Yeah, okay, great.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to let Neil know that if he didn't find the answer yet,
the coach from the U.S. he was John McKay.
John McKay, how could we forget him?
He was about 800 years old, right?
Yeah, he first, when he first said a owner,
I thought he was talking about Hugh Colverhouse.
That's right, I don't think he got any.
And was that right?
What day, like, O1 15 or 1 and 2?
Back then, I think they played 14 games.
They were like 1 and 13, O1 14.
No, they went over two seasons.
I think it was only 26.
Yeah, the Tampa Bay Bucks.
They really suck.
And they're still there and they want a Super Bowl.
Who's that?
Just a guy.
567-0560.
But tell me.
So he started the call and said, Neil, I said, yeah.
And then he, well, tell me, you'll, uh, I just, I don't know.
I just don't get it.
Sometimes I get weak.
I want to fall on the floor and make a lot of mumbling sounds.
I just, I don't understand these people.
Can we tape it?
Yeah.
I'll let you know when I'm ready.
OK.
How's the votes coming out?
That's the good news.
See, look on the bright side, like, Maudi and his Python said,
like, Eric and his idol said,
339 vote.
Yeah, that's a 660.
And what do you got, Josh?
339 is 950-05.
We're on our way.
We're on our way to 1100, if you ask me.
Maybe, maybe, maybe, it got only knows.
There's the sky's the limit, if you ask me.
We might have 50 trillion votes.
It kind of reminds me of the sales department in this spot.
See, I don't get paid anymore if they sell or not.
It's just, you know, they just, uh, pathetic.
Even Adam said that on his way out this morning.
He may have to go to work for Cheap Chandler, one of those other outfits.
Because just, quite frankly.
And he got a sales manager like we got now.
We used to have screw-in and even though she was like a real smidester
and really had everybody always whipped up into a frenzy.
She, uh, she had that whip.
She had that long whip.
And man, she would crack it.
Am I right?
You probably heard those sounds all over the building.
You heard cracking it.
Now, she was nearly as effective as the old promotions assistant.
What that was her name?
I forgot already.
Doreen.
Ha, ha, ha, you're hoping I forgot it.
Archimigale, Doreen.
I bet you haven't forgot.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Doreen, the old promotions queen.
We'll see her in a moment.
This is Neil Roger.
This is Dr. Gord.
This is five sixteen two eight eight.
Oh, boy.
It's the one to two hour.
Oh, what is it?
I've got a call here.
The number one rated divin' in Mojale and David and his showroom.
At least according to my aspirations.
Oh, wow.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
Mirabah, hello.
Yes, I want your date on J. Bieber.
Oh, J. Bieber is a great court of eye pin.
A good joke.
I like J. Bieber.
Well, not to mention, he's got extraordinary,
never-least smooth buttocks.
Oh, yeah.
You should have been jiffy with what you see here.
Oh, J. Bieber, thank you more.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was going down there in Mirabah.
I'm going down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait, oh wait.
By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
I tell you what.
I'll hold you over.
Don't break.
How's that, man?
I'll give you one of my old tanked t-shirts.
How's that?
No, wait.
That worked the only color we had.
The things on your nose is growing again.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go.
Wow, you got things with you things.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those losing symbols.
You're all right.
Wow, wow, wow.
If you go looking up here, I don't see.
Around my pocket, the land we.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, be strong.
Way to die, die, die, die.
I know it's glow.
It's when something stays.
It's almost every day I think.
And my veins suddenly start to tickle.
I had annoyed and it was all going to go to go to go.
Yeah, I thought I'd come forward a bit.
And I thought I'd come back to the old fire.
Yeah.
When I know it's that smell, it's like old veins.
Yeah.
And I thought you're all so sweet.
And I thought I'd come back to the old fire.
Now you know that I'm sleeping.
Like old veins.
Don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go.
I just want to want cranky old more.
Maybe it'll be the magnanimous enthusiastic more.
You never know which one.
And if the two of seven, you have to stay tuned and fight out.
Or not.
Mad Dog get the four from Hooters and Pemberpins.
And we got that Panther stuff.
Any interest in those Panthers?
No.
I understand how an interesting thing is they moved the weeknight games up to seven.
Friday games still at 7.30.
But like during the week, like Wednesday's Ranger game, they moved it to seven.
Am I right, Josh?
Yes.
You wouldn't know.
But what do you mean you wouldn't know?
He was there.
I heard an answer you.
You what?
He's not sitting there right now.
Well, where did he go?
I don't tell me he had to make a run.
I'm sure he's putting nothing on the toilet paper right now as we...
Oh, I'll be there.
I'm on the seat.
Put down some paper on that seat before he sits fat boys probably been in there.
All he got only knows what kind of things are quarreling around his body.
And now you see, we never discussed what came in for lunch today.
When breakfast and lunch and brunch.
There wasn't no food in there.
Oh, yeah.
There was food we had our howies.
Yeah.
I had a pork sandwich.
A pork sandwich, I think.
Or get that PETA thing out again.
What's wrong with you man?
Eat and pig?
Love my pig, man.
Yeah, me too.
I'm gonna make some bratwurst for lunch just to piss off those PETA people.
I do like that.
I love my pork.
In fact, it's kosher from Paisov, Gary Sarner.
Broughts, mate.
Indie, you're quizzling here.
You're fairy.
Oh, I didn't get the cheese brots yet.
By the way, for those who are interested.
Sorry.
Gotta do it, man.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Way to go.
So, how he's put the Josh over the edge today.
So, George wasn't there to go make the quick run.
But, subbing in there was Josh Curtis.
He was throwing the breach that George was looking behind for.
Which, by the way, recommended by George the pork sandwich.
So, I tried it today.
And it was great, I bet.
It was. It was very good.
George knows his pork.
And I guarantee you that you put some heavy layers in.
That's probably why it took so long.
Several layers of newspaper and toilet paper over the scene before you sat down there.
No, I'm alright.
Oh, I see.
So, he didn't do it.
I can deal with what he had.
He didn't do it.
No, he didn't hover.
He didn't squat there like a girl.
Okay, we get like you do.
Oh, you are really a girl boy.
You are a girly man.
Make no mistake about it.
When I was talking about girly man, he had you in mind.
Here's an interesting story.
When it comes to multitasking, it's hard to meet the woman who can rob a bank and never interrupt
her cell phone conversation.
And an act of either incredible cool or something much more sinister.
A young woman has robbed four bucks to watch over your bank prayer.
Well, by the way, let me just say this.
It's Veterans Day, okay?
And like I said before in South Florida,
wouldn't you think that since this isn't a religious holiday,
it's not like real like a solemn.
Et cetera.
There could have been school.
The banks could have been open.
Everybody could have been doing their business with all the problems that people have had tried to do business for last couple of weeks thanks to Florida Plunder and Luke.
And everybody without power and will met, et cetera.
Wouldn't you think?
But no.
No.
Anyway, getting back to this story.
An act of either incredible cool or something much more sinister.
A young woman has robbed four bucks to be a bank branch in northern Virginia in recent weeks.
All while seemingly immersed in cell phone chats, police say.
In the most recent hold up on November 4th in Ashburn.
I'm worried it hell is ash for all northern Virginia.
Video footage shows the woman to be almost uninterested as a teller hands a wrist-dacking case.
And she continues talking on her phone as she turns the walks out of the bank.
Very casual.
It's the casual cell phone bank robber.
This is the first time I can recover and had a crime committed while the person was using a cell phone said,
County Sheriff spokesman Craig Tox, Troxill, echoing comments by officials from other law enforcement agencies.
The question would be whether anyone is on the other end of the line or not.
Maybe she's just doing it for a show.
I know some people that do that and I'm positive of it.
Oh, well, I'll get back to it round seven.
I got a very important point and there's nobody on the phone.
They're just posers.
Posers.
Just like a lot of you idiots stand around South Beach.
A bunch of posers.
The cell phone band at first ruck in Vienna October 12th.
The woman in her 20s would dark care about five to five to six tall.
And when I'm at 20 to 130, walked in carrying a box and talking on the cell phone.
Have all seen her picture.
Is she like a light-complexed dark lady or a dark-complexed light lady?
I'm not really sure.
You see the picture, though, haven't you?
No.
You haven't seen that picture.
She's on the phone.
I don't know.
But the security camera's caught and she's on the phone and it's got her face right on her.
Really clever.
She moved directly into the cellar account and displayed the shoe box size box.
We've had a note tape on a demanding cash.
Please, wouldn't disclose the wording of the note.
As in the other cases, the robber changed fewer and no words with the teller because she apparently was busy talking to somebody else.
She scooped up the cash starter, walking and kept on talking.
In the most recent robbery, however, there was a twist, Troxill said, a gun.
During her brief visit to the branch, it's 40, 40, whatever it is in I.
Ashburn, the woman carried a person simply open it up showing the gun to a teller around 5'30 in the afternoon.
Then she ended over a note demanding cash with her cell phone, certainly a tax-sour ear.
The tellers have been able to hear much of the conversations, please, said they said the chat from the robber's end on November 4th was meant to be a bunch of, okay.
She was just, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
She was well-spoken in English with a light-his-spanic accent.
Oh, no!
Now they were almost turned.
How do you like that?
Miguel.
It appeared to witnesses that there was someone on the other end of the robber's line at day.
A huge leap for making it is that she's talking to somebody who knows what's going on.
Possibly a lookout.
That's a pretty good scan.
So you guys out there that get ready to rob a bank.
Take your cell phone in and we didn't have them like, you know, remember we just a walkie-talkie?
That a good idea?
You know we've got a good communication with your getaway guy.
358 votes, you know, something I think it's getting precariously close to that magic number.
388, he's 74.
And before we know, we'll be like, what I say, 974.
Aren't you impressed?
I thought that Josh would be like doing cartwheels in the hallway to be so excited.
I think he's a cartwheel on the way to the toilet.
He's a cartwheel on the way to the toilet.
Did you really?
Well, that's a good way to start generating some action there.
Johnny Depp defends K-Boss.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
I like Johnny Depp a lot.
Boy do I like Johnny.
Makes me think back to that morning he was on my show on Zeta.
Back before he was quite so famous.
He was famous but not like he is now.
Johnny Depp in London says he was appalled by the vilifying of his ex-girlfriend Kate Moss.
After pictures of her allegedly snorling cocaine were published in Britain.
They got some nerve, John.
Yes, snorke this.
Next thing you know there'll be a crucifying poor Noel Bush.
The first thing that went through my mind was I was concerned for her opening.
She was okay and that's you and her baby were okay said, debt 42.
Who dated the supermodel four years until 98.
Then there was just being appalled and shocked at the kind of vicious attacks that Depp said in an interview Friday
with a British morning TV show.
She's super sharp.
Pretty smart.
Has a great heart.
She's a good mom and she just happens to be human in the press one love that's unforgivable.
Said Johnny.
Moss 31 recently left the rehab clinic in the US.
It was being anywhere the three year old daughter Lila Grace.
Moss lost several modeling contracts after the photos were published but her career appears to be back on track.
She appears on the cover this month's Vanity Fair magazine.
The recently shot a new campaign for designer Roberto Cavali.
Let's see the other article I had about this story.
This one leaves that part out about Johnny.
Johnny Depp are ripping out the US and said what about your losers and he's right.
That's not in this particular story.
That was the better one.
Damn it.
Maybe that's the one on our website.
Yes, he was in France and at least in Europe most of the year.
And they don't want no permanent USA.
That's not a death or he's had it.
We want America has become.
Oh, he's on Patreon.
Yeah, right.
He's smart is what he is.
Johnny Depp smart is a whip and a damn good answer to.
W.C.Y.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Can I speak the name?
Speaking.
Mr. Nail.
Yeah.
How you doing?
How are you doing?
I'm doing good, man.
Listen.
Sounds like my old story.
What do you mind, man?
He lives in Jersey.
He moved.
Down.
He moves over there.
He wants to hear the power most David and Goldie the good, the bad, the bad, the ugly.
Is that possible?
We've got a name of that.
Good, the bad, the bad, the bad, the bad.
What is that?
That's it.
I'll work on it, Palli.
I won't get it for you.
Thanks, buddy.
Okay, see you.
Don't forget.
Don't forget that.
What is that called?
What is that?
Oh, got me.
Well, Bokeh Brown is going to have to call you and tell you because Bichan George was there.
We don't really care if George is there or not, but once in a great while.
Like that thing about the world police.
I mean, team America.
He would have gotten that.
Yeah.
He would have known that right away.
I guess probably because he was the one that sent me the disc.
I would have too.
Like I said, if he said puppet.
That's all.
It's not puppets.
It's very annoying.
I know.
No strings attached.
Okay, no strings attached.
Kind of like that tampon at the KD was singing about.
Doi-o-yoy, doi-doi-doi-doi.
What is that called?
It's not called a good, the bad, and, uh, huh?
I'm going to have to go through all the mobs.
The more the doi-doi, the guilty, is that it?
Is it called?
What is it?
The more the doi-doi, the guilty.
I don't know.
I'm looking at titles here.
Moe-doi-doi-goldi.
There's a mofo, your money.
Look at that.
That is really bad.
Uh, let's see.
Well, we'll play about a whole 100 of them.
And we'll find the right one.
There's Mo and Joe.
Got it?
Yeah, that's the way which one is that?
The more the doi-doi, the guilty.
We'll just keep playing it.
Doi-doi-doi-doi.
Doi-doi-doi-doi-doi.
Doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi.
Doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi-doi
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5'16-2-8.
You'll find out the people who got you from below. They burn through their brains and they smell their dough.
For 30 days you go away and then you begin like again.
K-moss is loud if we have. She packers up and then she goes.
We hope, we hope, we hope. She won't look at some of her nose.
She's all up her scale and got rid of her straw. She's screwed up her life. Even worse than she'd lost.
But everyone deserves a lot of shots.
I just hope that she won't start smoking pot.
K-moss is loud if we have. She packers up and then she goes.
K-moss is loud if we have. She packers up and then she goes.
We hope, we hope, we hope. She won't look at some of her nose.
She's all up her scale and got rid of her straw. She's screwed up her life. Even worse than she'd lost.
But everyone deserves another shot.
I just hope that she won't start smoking pot.
K-moss is loud if we have. She packers up and then she goes.
Why are we supposed to care about that? The K-moss is putting powder up her nose. Why should we care about that?
Boys and girls? We don't.
Supermodel.
Like I said, we don't. None of our business what she's doing.
Now if it's the fat ass governor's daughter, we care about that because he said to himself up his ability to use as a role model for being so much more pice and better than the rest of us.
As a good Catholic and his brother with his born again, Christianity and Jesus this and faith-based bullcraft and faith-based lies and faith-based cocaine, etc.
And so on. Then we care about it because then you're talking about it as hypocrites. Just like Rush.
Talk about all the pills. If it's like Joe Blod on the street, we don't care how many oxies he's popping.
Or how much Dr. Shapan is doing? Popping and shopping. But when somebody is on the air talking about all these crazy drug people and how they all belong on death's role.
Yeah, and then come to find out that he's like, top in 50 million oxies every five minutes. Then all of a sudden we kind of change our altitude about that.
Colorado soldier funds anti-war group. Sargent Kelly Doherty went to rack in 2003, doubting the war was just she returned in 2004.
Certain it was wrong and co-founded Iraq veterans against the war.
People say you're a traitor. People say you want patriotic said Doherty 27 about her anti-war work. We're doing this because we feel strongly about America.
I really appreciate America, but we're capable doing some very bad things she says and she happens to be.
Absolutely correct.
Man, Doherty was stationed near Nazaree in southern Iraq for 10 months with a Colorado National Guard's 220th military police company.
She saw action but never fired her weapon. Doherty said a thousand of innocent civilians who have been killed and they broke American promises about repairing water electricity and
sewage systems, convinced her the troops ought to be coming home. The faces of Iraqi civilians mirrored her growing doubts.
At first the Iraqi smiled and weighed but at the end of my 10 months did they turn away or make rude gestures. Doherty said, oh like your number one.
How do you like that? Rude gestures. After she came home in February 2004 and left the guard after eight years with an honorable discharge.
She embarked on a new mission. She put her life and income on hold and talk to college students, high school classes and community groups across the country.
The war in Iraq is not about protecting this country. The war in Iraq is aggression. She said who hasn't received a,
doesn't receive a salary for work against the war. Most of us wanted to help the Iraqi people but the only good we could do is give kids candy she told six students who gathered on a warm fall afternoon to listen to her and read this college in Denver.
That's not what they need. They need clean water and security. The electricity. Just like the poor people who saw Florida these days and days on and the electricity so they can live their lives and run their air conditioning and their free screen TV sets like Hank's big Samsung TV.
He likes it. You always take your hand, you know, your life in your hands when you start recommending things. I'm not talking about like body wash.
I mean, you can always throw it out and get a new one, you know, for a couple of bucks. But when it's a big purchase like a TV set or something like that.
Yeah. And you recommend it and then somebody goes out and buys it and it's a piece of crafty. Sony was so much video or whatever. It's not though Samsung is great.
You could start returning it. That game last night, the Fengwen Canadian game in HD. That was so. Anybody that well we talked about this before.
Anybody hasn't seen a sporting event in high definition, a live event. It's just it's breathtaking or like a live rock concert. It's just amazing.
You could reach in there and practically like tickle their fancy like right on passenger, tickle fancy. We got a thousand on votes altogether. We're okay now. All right.
Josh had a real good healthy BM and we got a thousand votes. What's not to like? The girls all straight and that is going to be using the squeegee all weekend.
I'm going to be shaving with my motorized razor for you are just the piece of work. Here's a guy is shaving with a vibrator.
Never heard such a thing. But I'm saying like you said you use a razor. Let me say it again. In fact, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm playing play a tune.
What's he going to get his razor? I don't know. You're going to play the open. Yeah, that's all I got. But I got cute up here.
Have you have you tried the democracy? No, I am not interested. Oh, you're asking him. Yeah, I was asking him there.
The new all the new soft ultra grip pivot Gillette custom plus these disposable razors are so fantastic disposable razors. Right.
Come on. Take that to much space. What's going on? What takes up too much space? What is that? Why would you use a disposable razor? What does that mean?
It takes up too much space. What do you have a bag of little 30 or which I'm pointing at you right now? Is about the size of one of these resist? How can I take up too much space? How many reasons do you have in this bag?
10. You don't put the bag you put the bag in the under the thing there in the drawer in the cupboard somewhere. You don't have the whole bag out there. You take one out when you need it every couple of days, every four or five days.
That's how long these last. How long would you use one? How many days would you use the disposable razor?
I don't use the disposable razor. So then what's the only thing you're talking about? Oh, man, you are your bro. You're poor wife man. I guarantee you. You probably would have been like at the school.
You're even having a blind website. Or maybe I got a better idea for you. She can give you the arsenic extra lubricating. What does it say? Extra lubricating power with natural oils.
New Gillette custom plus pivot. These are the old. These are the new ones. They're gray. They're gray and dark blue. All right. Now you're ready? Yeah, I'm ready. You got me into the body wash thing.
You use a razor. Just listen. Go get the Monterey that vibrates. I'm telling you. I'm not into vibrators. Okay. What do you do with it? You stick it on your.
Push the button. The while you shave the the the buzzer it actually vibrates. It's great. I'm telling you. See I'm not into a tinker toy for shaving. I mean like a real razor for like a real man.
You're using disposable. You're talking about using real razors. Those things even have glide sticks.
Lides sticks. Disposable razors. I don't know. What do you mean glide sticks? What are the whole thing? What is that?
Like you know above your razor the little stick there. The little soft part. Yeah. That's a little soft part. Yes it does. Okay. Well there you go.
There's our glide out of the line. It's disposable. So in other words you tell me that disposable razors are all no good. Is that what you're saying?
I'm here to tell you why I'm giving you a reason to stay for. Since they first came out with this is the newest and improved one. And these are you don't even know that you're shaving. It's just it just slides over your
quiz and they're just disappears. It's like there's no pain. No gain. No strain. No cuts. No nicks. No bleeding. No like toilet paper on the face that you could
be putting on the seat. All right. Let me tell you in terms of understand. Okay. The mock three in terms of understanding the mock three is the flavor of the
shaving expert. Jazz card. He's learned it from all those super drugs in the ballpark. For two years now. Who taught you this? Dave Ann boring. I'm just telling you. Use a razor. It's the best razor.
So what is it? I'll tell you about. Just to show how open minded I am. I'll go out and buy one to the Sanford and you'll never use anything else. Okay.
Then why do you that? How can you using the broad electric razor? Because I don't like straight razors, but I'm telling you I have it. How about.
How about. How about those? It's like straight razors. I use electric. I don't give a some message here or something. First he goes down the tea room and he's like doing cartwheels in the toilet there.
Now he's coming back to see life. Yeah. If this is as good as you're saying it is, I can't imagine why you want to spend all the money for it.
And you're talking about disposable. How long does that last? How can a blade? How long can that last last a while? How long is a while? A week a month?
Four weeks from circus? How long can that last? You know, probably quite get of this white question is why get it disposable when you can just get the actual replay.
And then you just have to buy blades, you know. You're talking about one of these deals where it's likely the handle is permanent and you have to put those them. That's a pain in the ass. No, you just.
Yeah. Yeah. Man, when you got the kind of bucks that I got, you know, like how you just use the razor for like one shave and you toss it in the can. That's it. That's right. Even if it's an electric razor, when you got the big bucks, use it once you throw it away and get a new one. That's right. You car gets dirty. You take him. You trade it in.
There it is. That's going to know in a 30. That's right. TV tickets like a little spot on it. You know, like wash it off and have to make clean off a TV screen. You trade again. A new one. Go out there and spend three four grand. It's a nice new one. Helps you economy. A. That it does.
Okay. So let me write it down again. What is it? Mach three. Mach three. And it's the vibrating one. Macho vibrating for Macho man. Yeah. Sounds real. Macho to me. A razor that vibrates. You know what that's like? That's like you silly people.
You know, I only use these toothbrushes that that's an everything's got a vibrate now. I don't know about all that. But I'm just silly fits his happy because no matter what you buy it vibrate, even when you buy a cucumber now vibrates. God.
Well, what's going on in this world anyway? No wonder people are pointing in America. Much of lunatics. Pushes for everybody off the deep edge vibrating toothbrushes. You know what those. You know what those do? These what they do is they loosen up your filling so that you're the feelings fall out. What person is right mind? Yeah. That's for people too lazy to floss and like usually.
You don't want to really good is the dentist. Since we're quoting all these stupid products now. You ever use these now. Dentist call these little plastic dentists. They're like curved on the end of like the floor. I'm sorry. I'm like here between your teeth and your go. It's great. They are good. See there. Now there's something to me going on to is the dentist.
Yes, he's sticking it. Well, here's a girl who obviously had that problem too and appeals court ruled out a 17 year old girl in Lakeland can give an abortion without telling her parents which overturns a decision by a folk circuit judge. Somebody was sticking it and the judges poking it.
The majority of the three judge panel said yesterday the girl has a maturity to decide whether to have an abortion to decide if telling her parents would serve her best interests.
Circuit judge Ellen this is like alien again leave her alone and the letter to her own things 17 my God circuit judge Ellen masters denied the girls original request for a waiver last month.
Rolling she didn't meet the criteria for waiver a new law which became effective June 30.
But 30 man.
And cries a physician to notify the parents or guardians of girls younger than 18 before performing an abortion.
And the girl doesn't want her parents or guardians notice. I should request a waiver from a judge.
The girl will be 18 within a month anyway lives with the parents and comes from a Catholic family. Oh, not a Catholic 17 year old girl.
I got knocked up she testified that she began pregnant by her steady boyfriend. Well, that's sweet. She said she wants that abortion because she's not prepared financially otherwise the support of child.
Although she said she has a good relationship with the parents, the girl said they would add a million opposed to decision having abortion my kicker.
Because they're Catholic. There's that Catholic man again.
This is Neil Roger. This is 516 Q.A.
On the heels of a last wish, the tree of a Virginia chair.
Check that. All right, look at it.
As a man grows and grow. Hit it.
Go, boys and go.
Go, go, go. Go, go now.
Where do you find 16ter.
You ain't there yet.
I've got life in Bo.
Absolutely.
In that boy guy, made it peelable.
The magic bird was other men is where I see you
You've got the magic bird at Roger Dahltree
I sometimes stare at the bug, the magic bird
I like his walk and I like his hair
You've got the magic bird, I watch his jeans when he struts
You've got the magic bird, I just love his magic bird
I'm a wrecked old bird, the magic bird
When we're on tour, I just hope
Who's got the magic bird, he'll lose his grip
And drop the soul, who's got the magic bird
I see you on a ice-crown
You can't have it
Magic bird, magic bird, magic bird
So there you go again, drop in the sofa
Who'd have had the body wash, we'd have to worry about
being attacked
It's 131 at 560 WQAIM
Oh, just in, RRB
Last statement says that somebody is dead
By and that was for an asterisk beside it
Sodom is a former deputy's dead
Boy, there's a lot of dead Iraqis over there, I'd tell you
I thought we were there to liberate him
Not by emancipation by the camp at station is that it?
They're all dead
Merrimack New Hampshire, police and 19-year-old convenience store
Clew Filler sleep on two jobs this week
Mining the store and selling drugs
Summer Gandhi of National New Hampshire
Which charged with possession of marijuana
With intent to distribute after two Merrimack police officers
Found him sleeping in the store's office with a quarter-pound of marijuana
If that would have been in South Florida and Marguise
Living this bull in his crap away, right?
Especially if there was a scale around
Is that what they called the Scales of Justice?
That's it
It happened late Monday at a 7-eleven store after a customer called police
To report there was nobody in the store
Police reports the building and say they found Gandhi sleeping in the back office
With a big bag of pot
A scale of a smaller bag of pot
They say he was packaging the Merrimack for recess
A scale of a scale, six
Kill him
That's all
I'm not about the Miami Police Chief, Timmy
What about his son and his 400 pounds of pot?
How's he doing?
I bet you're just friends if we try to give his number
Yeah, and that's probably where George is today
He took off today's store about going to the beach of my ass
Okay, he's on the river fully
Yeah, he's probably working up with the chief
China, the Chinese are serious about them
There are got three broad stories
The Chinese are serious about building a brighter broad
There's now a degree in broad studies at Hong Kong's Polytechnic University
And China's biggest lingerie manufacturer
Top form has a bra lab
A bra lab at its factory
The company makes more than 60 million bras here
For well-known labels like Victoria Secret Playtex and Maiden Form
Maiden China
The Wall Street, I hope hopefully the boobies aren't made in China
Because boy, it'd be like a real like raisinets
Not that all Chinese people are like unindoubt in various areas
But most
The Wall Street Journal reports
Top form has been experimenting with various types of panning
Of the bust of boost
They've tried air but it
Like tires, it's prone to flants
Oil-filled pads were too expensive and heavy
Now the company is trying a filling made from a dim type of fiber
Filled, the stuff he used in ski parkers
Well that should do it
Fort Myers
A Florida woman's been arrested for patting her bra with a stolen parrot
Joe Nispel 35 is facing felony charges after hiding her rare green wing
Parodyne her bra
And stealing it from her employer
Baby exotic birds police said
She got a parrot in her boobies
Nispel allegedly stole the bird
So she could trade it for a vented 64-of-holstery and Carmen Guia automobile
She couldn't resist telling the car's owner how she got the animal
According to the efficient wildlife conservation commission
Turns out the car's owner was friends with the man who owns the $2000 bird
Nice job
V&A test confirmed the birds identity
And Nispel was charged Saturday with Grand Theft
The circumstances the case of the most bizarre
Everyone counted
Said veteran wildlife investigator Larry Varschen
He was investigating for a wildlife
And Tokyo
We got a perfecta of booby stories
Of bra stories
Furry heated bras may soon appear in some Japanese word
Robes is the country of prepares for warm bizz
A nationwide government campaigner
Ging workers to bottle up and save energy on heating this winter
The warm bizz bra
Unfailed this week by Tokyo based underwear maker tram federnasual
Is lined with material that the company says help save warmth
The bra also has removable
Removal pads that can be heated in the microwave or hot water
As well as long furries perhaps that wrap around the neck like a scarf and matching shorts
Warm bizz that you had a little fun and chic to office wear
And prevents global warming
Travel says
An attempt to cut energy used to pants government is recommending setting thermostats this winter
At 66
19 degrees Celsius that 66 degrees Fahrenheit for government buildings
And 20 degrees Celsius that 68 Fahrenheit for private companies
66 the law on a chilly side
A
The government said this year's June to August cool biz campaign
Which had bureaucrats in politicians sporting open collar
Shortly shirts to cut down air conditioning save 210 million kilowatt hours enough to power
720,000 households for a month
You know who'd like that sleeves up campaign brownie brown
Roll up your sleeves brownie and make it look like you're doing something out of
Boy
And watch out for those that floating debris there
Here's something that you guys are probably going to be bidding on right now before the show's over
Okay
Attention sports fans
Joe Demigio's first majorly uniform is going up for sale
Jody the baseball engines
1936 New York cankeys from the uniform will hit the auction blackouts so please in New York
I December 10 both the jersey and pants of the pinstrap number nine uniform will be auction
And keep in mind he was married to Maryland and rural now the rumors are coming out that
This phony accidental death error is that everybody's now says is murder
That they were going to get hitched again
Well, maybe it wasn't suicide
They were supposed to get married again
Okay
But anyway his pants keep in mind that he was the married to Maryland and mostly
So you get a vicarious thrill by wearing Jody's pants even though they were from along before
As the 21 year old rookie Jolton Joe as he was known helping the Yankees to the first of four consecutive world titles
In the world series titles only year that he wore number nine in the years to follow he wore number five
As we know except for Mike Burdeno who says up yours we hate you Mike
You're a nitty-nitty your negative your sour your sour puss and hang kind of like
You know what we had to do when baseball season starts you had to put him on for like about two minutes
Then kind of off right in the middle of the interview right in the right in the beginning
Hey, Mike up yours now hang up when that'd be great. That's gonna happen
Now the Yankee Clippers weathered uniforms expected to sell for now
I guess you guys are out of the running now expected to sell for an estimated
$600,000 according to lead Dunbar director of southeast collectibles department
Dunbar said to magio member Venus the various to baseball artifacts
We know of no other rookie uniform. That's his historic
I wonder if we got some of the clothing that alien looked behind
Why don't you guys hide here a little over the saffon in the little Havana
We got to find the old meris greasy-ass house there and the guns dollars house
And maybe let's some of his underwears around or some old
pantalooies whatever can you imagine no oh my god that old black tooth crowed in
Davino Park they'd be like hand over a fist to get up their hands on that
Well, auction that auction that baby off for nearly 70 years of
Maggio's uniforms been collecting cobwebs in the class of the Charles Smoke Manson now 89 who was the Yankee's
Farming pitcher 1930s
Yankee Farming is inherited the uniforms of the big lead players from the previous year and Mason was lucky enough to get Joe D's
Next month's auctions will also include
349 other rare and sought-after sports member Rita P. You know I'm thinking before we'd about the rest of the auction
You know that big piece that we got there that were foster like so much the big black gildo
Yeah, maybe you know tell the
The beesleaves that we got that we can put it back on our action auction there on the OQM website
Oh, but I'll hold a revenue stream man
Next month's auction no don't you think we got all that member media laying around in the studio and a picture of the sales department
Everybody including Adam now Xed out
We can we can start auctioning that stuff off on a QM website to open up that new auction stream or on our website and like QAM
We can keep the profits
Next month's auctions will also include 300 amount of my how many votes we got we're away over a thousand right this on your diary
434 and 616 is what it sounds like 1050 to me without even like having to add and subtract and multiply
1050 nice as in 1050 a WMGM New York WHN next month's auctions will also include 349 off and
sought other rare and sought after sports member media pieces including the original plaster model sculptor the high's been trophy
expected to go for two to three hundred grand and shulis joe jaxson's favorite black Betsy bad expected the fetch close to 300 grand
Maybe even some OJ's illegal satellite to this receivers are in there too for auction done bar said so to me is
Expect the auction so to total about five in a bunch so much an old crap then amazing
People will buy all new people out there listening if you got a bunch of old cramply and around hang on to it because some day
It'll be valuable if you're lucky like me when I had all those baseball cards when I was a kid if I'd just hung on to them
I had millions of baseball cards in like shoe boxes what to do and blinded enough and mom threw them out
Bitch yeah, I'll be talking about my she's dead she didn't give her crap any
Nice
What in all this
Over this rose a pot ain't nobody ever hiding in Jackie Robinson
Sure rose a pot thrown on the bus, but Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man and played with bowls and a major league of a children's game
I mean, I mean come on who's done more for the black community rose a box or Jackie Robinson
Jackie Robinson was my hero why I can remember when I was a much younger man and Jackie
He was working at the truck full of nuts. I walked up to him shook his hand today and said to me you are my hero
Then get me a cup of coffee and make it black you think rose a made coffee that heavily more
Hey wait a minute wait a minute. Wait a minute whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
Are you a black man?
Hello, hello, hello, who did more for the black community rose a box or Jackie Robinson
Things what you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism
He must have been disconnected through no fault of my own on any time talon your one at a high thorns
He wrong it goes up like this
Who did more for the black community rose a pot or nifty Russell
You don't understand what I'm talking
I get up the food they work at right for which I question right the food they work at right now who did more
There's a pot a sloppy wife
The point
14.02 now let's see what is that going to go on by I got to buy the max free
Fag rating dildo razor mock three the mock max free and then I got to buy the dial body wash
Lilock pink purple etc. You're good to go. Okay. I'm gonna be spending a lot of time in the drugstore
They better get some good drugs while I'm at it
Here's a guy that needed some drugs. I guess central Florida matter arrested for confining child in a freezer
Largo a 23-year-old man was charged with aggravated child abuse after police had he disciplined his girlfriend's five-year-old son
By stuffing him into a chest freezer
Nicholas remained black was arrested yesterday after officers investigated anonymous tip to these states child abuse outline
Largo police said the boy's mother Melissa Bentley Hanson 32 which charged with child neglect because she was present during some of the incidents
Police had black put the boy inside the running freezer and sat on top to keep him inside at least five times
Since mid-October cageing a child is illegal and Florida
The cape could be heard inside the freezer obviously kicking and pushing to get out said largo police sergeant Steven slaughter
The child must have been scared to death
The boy apparently was kept inside for no more than two minutes
He and his 11-year-old sister showed no signs of physical abuse and appeared to be otherwise well fed and closed both her staying with relatives
Detective Mike Stephenson interviewed the boy and asked him what officers should do with black
Take him to jail the boy replied what a smart kid black a boat repair man was still in jail today with no bonding to a police
He never stuffed the boy to the freezer
But only held his head inside first where they lived lit up until the boy was cold
Hanson's being held under $20,000 bond details about their legal representation unavailable
Classy a couple in largo florida land of mayhem and insanity and a lot of really stupid people bad news for you tv fans
Guess what shows are going bye-bye
I'm sure you guys never walked you well. Maybe you did you ever watch arrested development. No
Well the ratings were so bad they couldn't get arrested and how about seven heaven? No
What are you laughing about seven heaven? Well, it's a couple bills in it. There were some hot people on that show
I just don't know what it's all right
There were some really hot people on that show a seven heaven going
The Camden's have been farewell to the viewers in May when the WB networks top rated family drama seven heaven ends
It's run after ten seasons and what sources have as long as they cost cutting move the blue clan of Fox ratings
Challenge the rest of development ratings challenged kind like Joel across the street there
That would be a nice term for me is ratings challenged
Yes, the four pp a rest of developments also whether for the exit after Fox cuts a third season order on the Emmy winning their comedy to 13 episodes
Also getting the exit foxes a rest of its companion on Monday the freshman comedy kitchen confidential
Whose order will not be extended to be on the initial 13 episodes
7th heaven whose debut august 26
1996 mark the first ever Monday broadcasted the then fledgling WB network
We'll bow out as the longest running family drama on television
After ten seasons the show is still a top-draft for WB averaging 5.1 million viewers this season today because there's hot people on it
Creatively the show also will go out and style create a brand of hampton said
I think this is the best season we've ever had and we're planning a very exciting and how we're making conclusions the series
I think what they do is they blow the whole house up with everybody in it
There's talk about a potential seven heaven spin off
But hampton admits that would be hard to do seven heaven is a family show she said
I think the success of the show is that the family's intact with mom the dad in the show
Yeah, daddy's a preacher and everybody's like really too. She's and there's a lot of hot people on it
If they didn't have hot people under would be ten people watching okay boring without the hot people
Trust me when I tell you
We want to take one or two more good calls before we end today before we wrap up a really simulating week
See if you can find them somebody QA and hello
Yeah, Neil yes, sir
Yeah, you're playing request for her. Oh, that sounds just like Reverend Jones to me. Yeah, WQA and hello
Neil yes, sir. What's going on man? Look, I was one of the I'll tell you one thing. It's going hey Reverend Jones your game
I'm going ahead. I'm sorry
I was one of the last calls to the most show the other day that made him go off
Yeah, that said you guys have made a five-minute bit about it. I missed it. I never got to got to hear they make a five-minute bit about it
We just played the clip although we do have we do have a bit about it. I could could you possibly play that and and and what one a man to mess with man
He is just he's so easy. I'll tell you what
Well, he got up on the wrong side of it this year so good man. He was like
He was just going on
Oh
Well, how are the David and David? I am here and you are
I can't say anymore. They put that for me. Thanks to no small part till I got a midday show guy
Oh, Boca. Yeah, yeah, that's like I who haven't a hell of a you match him. I did it. Yeah
Out in the hallway. I don't know who I did go whatever was let's take some calls and shall we?
Prestige is a bug poly city
Hello. Yeah, hi mom. Yeah, well, you know what is it? When are people gonna realize this?
This is a sports show and nothing else absolutely nothing exists outside the gay world of sports
By the way, some they paid me to oggle and it's my amen. This here is a show for men a bout man like there's
Milly bass and chats
You stole the pizza? Huh? You stole the pizza? I did not take no pizza
I don't be ridiculous
You stole the pizza? I don't know what you're talking about
I stole the pizza. I didn't steal no pizza
I stole the pizza
No, I did not steal no pizza
I stole the pizza
Now see here. I ain't no pie, burglar
I stole the pizza
I did not steal the pizza
You only had one slice. They're okay. So was the whole pie
Who cares? Those bugs had no power. I was hungry
I sacrificed a lot too, you know. There was no back up brown. Just don't taste the same without the doctor brown
That's rudist. And that's my own sedative. Good night. But kiss my ass
This is Neil Rogers
This is by
What's going on?
You bastard
All right
Oh
Oh, I'd like to know who one the election said I'd like to know who one the election
Council vote council vote
They didn't count the vote count the vote over count the vote
Council vote
They didn't count the vote count the vote over count the vote
Ever since this presidential race began
I've often wondered who was going to win
Some palm beach people went to do their voting chore
So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too
Patrick you can and
Oi
So I'd like to know who one the election
Yes, I'd like to know who one the election
Count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote
Count the vote baby count the vote count the vote
Oh
The final tabulation started coming in
That I saw a new splash on channel 10
Some may we people all together in a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch
Brackum
In common looks like lots of them just keep their votes too
Patrick you can and
You're very I'd like to know who once nile lecture
Said I'd like to know who one les green
Or I'd like to know who one elixion
as I'd like to know who one is

Action
Countervote, countervote baby, countervote, countervote
All over, countervote, countervote baby, countervote
Countervote, countervote, a mannipa bush, countervote
A mannipa bush, countervote, a fair any more
Countervote, domestic, demanded, countervote, domestic
Well, all of a sudden, at least it's been leaked right now
It's a pretty close race with Hurricane Andrew
But one thing they both blew big time up to that
The 2000 Shadda Hang-in-Shad election
The fixed one, the first fixed one, the one that Catherine Harris and your fat ass governor helped
Out all war end of fixers end of year, I mean you won, don't worry about it
And of course those old Jews in Palm Beach County, some of them probably are dead by now
Because God punished them for voting for Pat Buchanan
Because they're too stupid to know how to vote to know where to punch it
Just keeps that in mind, okay?
The whole course of human history has been turned around by a bunch of
Seen out idiots of its cemetery village in West Palm
Voted for Pat Buchanan, taking their vote for Al Gore
All the women in difference because they would have still come up with the extra votes
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, plus they had the supreme on their side
If you have the supreme on your side, you're okay
Now let's see, the first poll we did today, which applies to you, the very probably the most important poll we ever done
The show, the Body Wash Poll, I would say so
616 votes, male, I shower with soap, 340, male, I shower with body wash, with squeegee, number 13
Dump the soap, okay, don't drop it, just toss it out
Me and I shower with body wash, but no squeegee, 70, that's Miguel, no squeegee yet
He used it once and he washed all the masculinely, every scale of masculinity off of his body
Where you said it squeegee was a washcloth too, no?
Yeah, okay, well then, tell me in
Are you using the washcloth?
Yeah, I've never been to the washcloth
Oh, well that's okay, we're not saying it's gotta be like some pink lily lily lily-libered pansy kind of a thing
That looks like a lylox?
No, no, I'm against that with your hand
Just for a washcloth, no, I don't use my hand
Just don't be using your hand, anyway
I don't ever bathe 49 and we can smell it
Female, I shower with body wash, 24 and female, I shower with soap, 20
So at a 660 votes we had on that poll before we changed the poll deal
44 women, it's like, what is that?
Eight, whatever it is, not even close to 10%, about 8%, weak, really weak
So these are the inner ladies, we appreciate the woman we do have all four of them
Don't exaggerate
But we don't have no women, it's QA, I'm what you expect
The most traumatic time in South Florida was, that's our second poll that's in progress right now
468, we did way over 1,000 votes today and boys are proud of that
I am
I'm gonna be really proud, I wanna get my mock three razor, my vibrating dildo razor
2010, lesson 121, Hurricane Andrew 109, Mary Albowl-35
First we have a Cuban immigration 53, Hurricane Wilma 53, look at that, see the connection there?
McDuffy writes 26, and the alien saga, per little alienator, a salimente vanque guilano, only 21
Bye bye bye
