Howard David show coming up at two o'clock the Joe's a gaki show at four
Feeling impregnated when March has it seven
The Marlins in the Angels the Marlins in the Angels attend
I'll be back in the morning to make a soupy golf in Country Club at nine is that the Los Angeles of Anaheim?
That would be the official name. Yes. Oh, what a joke. It's kind of stupid, isn't it?
I thought you should have bought the ducks by the way you got that kind of cash
Yeah, right. I wanted by ducks. I go up to Lake Ontario
a couple of
Dirty Dirty Hey Howard Howard let the guy go and he made it into a promo. That was great
That's impressive excellent. See he's making some small strides with small step from Anttron
And I always say you gotta laugh at yourself right?
Finally he let us hear down a little bit. You know I see now that it's
Yeah, absolutely enjoy your show today
Well, yeah, I sure will because this is a banner day for me. Why is that why is that? Yeah?
This is the end of the road for a while. Oh, this is it vacation next week and then after that
It's the summer schedule for three months. So now give us the summer schedule
People do ask a lot like what's going on in the summer?
Starting the 27 starting week from Monday. It's George Monday Wednesday and Friday now like make little cameos
Who's in thursday I'll be here. So what do you do with all your time when you're like what are you doing your spare time?
Well, I don't know. This is the first year in the summertime that I've been able to
You know, I got the wood buying thing. I'll go out there and lose my ass
You can really go and bet the jug heads that often no, I'm talking about the slots. Oh, the slot machine come on
I got a big money guy like you playing slot machines
boring for you
boring
I'm a roolette fan myself. Well, black. Yeah, sorry, you know, you don't have to think too much
Yeah, well, you don't think it all the slots are you think is boy? This is really for the birds, but it's okay
I think good time donate back some streets donate back some of your money. That's right the dangerous
The dangerous streets of Toronto
All right, well you know the schedule and the Neil Rogers show is next have a nice
I know the schedule law right. It's a pretty interesting thing. Why is that?
But just I don't know if you like me and Moe were the only the only ones in our regular slot today
Well, you feel like that because that's true me and my buddy Moe
We got the beat team when you guys need to bond you the only regulars that are sticking their
We'll do our best all right you guys you got a bite you ought to invite I think you should invite Howard up for a couple days
And already when we get get the announcement on a hockey season
I'm getting really a bird out on this. They're not even right articles in the paper about it here anymore
Well, you know why I said to meet again today. It's such the boring stage from what I'm sure you gather this that as they go along
They're having the attorneys analyze it. Yeah, so you know what these guys are probably doing is they're looking for every loophole
Last time but I let's get Joyce involved and that's it speed it up only Q. I am attorney should get involved in a show
Yeah, labor labor progress in the middle of it. That's who really do it July 1 the announcement. That's what I that's what I'm I'm going with July 1
Is that what you heard? You know all kinds of rumors out there. Yeah around July 1st
Well, we will be a season. Oh, that's great. Panthers leaves. We're gonna kick their butt and by the way, Norma camp
We're not reimbursing you for last season. There wasn't any I'll tell that story
That's an amazing story. You still get your tickets by the way under the same no comment. Well, there wasn't any seasons
So I've already been taking care of for this season from last year's wait
So what is what is Norm want that there was no see I don't want to I'll talk about it on my phone
I don't want you only want to know it'll ruin your whole weekend. I like Norm. Norm's a good guy
Well good. Man, in fact, I'll hand him over to you. How's that norm's a big phantom? I walk off it in the sunset
You guys hand in hand and he's all yours. Fine. I'll take him. Okay. Make me a few bucks. I'll take him what the hell you got him
Alright, have a good day. You too. Neil Rogers is next our Q and sports time is three minutes past ten
cable was a whole lot worse but now the network's up there at the
first curse
There's a wedding sites of this insanity
All the dialogue contains for a
fan of tea
Where is like a seller on a three day path
Words a whole lot worse than ass
Rectome
Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on five sixty Q eight
Well reason I play that today's Mark Morgan's last day
I found out on a QM doing the weather and the whatever it is he does try to
Doing all that's fast together. The weather in the traffic weather together whatever anyway good luck to you Mark
We love you. We miss you when they will keep your memory alive now that we got all those nice little drop-ins
Bodum a little technical problem here
Yeah a little bit by the way that's not the only one who didn't want to bore you with our own problems over here on this end
What's that? Somehow the the board over there in the Josh studio
Yeah reconfigured in in such a way that he can only hear you from the audio that's bleeding into that studio from this studio
I see that's just you I mean audio period
So you know something so it would seem to me that if that's the case probably there's like a connection between these two
There's been somebody in there diddling again grublins maybe yeah grublins have been diddling again in there so that's why my phones I can't
Punch the phone but have no fear because anyone get a lot of great calls today be my last day for a little bit
But oh yeah we will George can punch him up and then cut him off real quick but it ain't right so we got that problem too was
I'll give him a good excuse to like watch TV or something well I can hear you now oh the payment yeah
Okay, it's good so there's one all right let's have we fixed that that's good
Let's start give the board a swift kick okay, that's good always like bang on there like when I had that little problem here a few months ago
Would I want pieces of equipment going out we were talking about that before
That was good trouble
Maybe if I just bang on the computer there on the monitor
Maybe that's something to come back up what I've done at any rate who cares okay
We got a lot of stuff to do heavy duty. Uh, overall is on our beaded curtain today. We got four pictures of her she's
Yeah, that's not overall of being if it was our love being we get 80 million hits on there today
Boy the word would look like wider wildfire Joshua wouldn't be too happy about it because the hands are like poison
It's not because of her looks it's because of her music right pretty much I see well so in other words if you did her
She just wouldn't have to sing oh yeah sure never be okay. I'll be okay and we let's not jump into that real quick
Well first of all here's more that bad news from Iraq. Let's get out of the way. Let's go out with that guy real happy day today. What do you say? Huh?
No
Norma can't hear an idiot man. You are just and I admit right here on the year I broke my ice cream through yesterday
I went off the wagon there was absolutely no reason for that call the baby from gonna go out
This is the day I've been waiting for for nine months get this show out of the way and I got like freedom three months
So almost non-stop freedom and here's the call from Norma can't but I mean but it looked about and what it really boils down to is he's trying to scan
Beasley broadcasting to get paid for hockey games that won't play that season Norma I mean the value of last season's tickets is
Zero because there were no games there were no tickets there were there there's no value there and he's so he's creating a series of
Well, I wouldn't say hostility toward me, but obviously they're probably not real happy my good friend Joyce and whoever else in the counting of it
And a west coast they're probably PO think and I had something to do with that
I had nothing to do with that like Larry King would say okay. It's Norma Kent Norma cut the crap stop trying to create problems where they don't exist
That's his expertise. He does that better than anything else. He does is creating problems where we didn't have any
And then he would have a city creating hatred creating whatever all of these things so if guilty wants Norma man
He's all yours just marched off into sunset you fair. We have a great life together US troops and Iraqi policemen killed
Bombing and shooting a trans west of Baghdad killed six US troops and a suicide car bomber slammed into a truck carrying Iraqi policemen near the airport yesterday killing at least eight and wounding 25 and
Latest wave of violence that it goes on and on and on and those of you that were like all whipped up you talk show groupies out there
They were all whipped up about you know, yeah, I give them credit for doing something least trying John Conn years and those 500,000 signatures
And that little protest they had yesterday afternoon and
Bush and his
Chrony say oh wait a minute here sold news didn't they're done that? Have you like that? So yeah, it's really very sad
I know these people are frustrated and they would like to see something happen but remember that COVID got yesterday after I had already discussed
They're right at the beginning of the show and about but a boot bop some some old toad. What's your favorite form of gambling we asked yesterday?
Today 1577 votes we also sneak an intermediate poll under in between which we'll get to I don't gamble three hundred and thirty nine just over 21% see how that number went down yeah yeah because during the show probably a lot of people were like out at the casino or the track or just
Plants and their guts out maybe they're doing some online gaming I don't gamble three thirty nine blackjack one hundred ninety eight that's
Numerowono poker one fifty one and maybe if you pay poker well enough will put your ass on TV how do you like that?
Yeah, lots hundred and twenty eight slots did very well Josh you know whatever even edging out the lottery hundred and twenty six sports betting a hundred courses eighty two or as
Geli was saying the jug heads. Well what's that? I know the little brown jug. Well, what's the jug heads? I don't know how that experience and he's a good one to talk is from what I hear he goes out
There and punches his guts out of the track. That's that's the room where I'm hearing how can a squeaky voice and doesn't he have two kids now? I guess I think so.
I just make that up. I'm not keeping track personally. He's got at least one kid and I think two and anyway he's got a wife and a family to support
He's out there plunge in his guts out of the track and just barely has a kind of a marginal you know part-time job right now.
Crap 60 cock fighting 58 highly a man really sounded in nicely. Thank you so much. Highly 56 rule at fifty three the stock market thirty nine right ahead of
Russian roulette thirty three which quite frankly I think Russian will be a lot more fun in the market real estate twenty eight.
They're all waiting for that big bubble to burst. I don't think it's going to happen in South Florida. Well not that I know anything but I just don't
think that's going to happen. Video poker twenty seven golf twenty two and then a stock market's on here again. So it's got nineteen more so it's
total of fifty eight. That's great dog racing eighteen. Now let's see. Highly ahead one fifty six dog racing only eighteen. Wow.
Bigger it's nine you could nine spades seven. That's not too bad online gaming six bridge had four backer at three and
Bingo. So many dose two for Bingo. Wow the Bingo crowd. Listen to this show much old ladies play Bingo. Isn't that correct? See you're
confused between the slomishing players and the Bingo players. I want to say old ladies who play Bingo. That's because they don't have any
slots nearby and I don't have to be honest with it. The percentage I mean there are some old ladies obviously out there at the
mid-low bond but the percentage of old ladies play in the slots out there I would say is relatively maybe maybe fifteen twenty
percent eighty percent something other than that young ladies middle-aged ladies a young guys middle-aged guys and a few old
guys too but now all kinds of people every demographic every color shape and size they're all out there losing their
ass having a great time. Look at that phone it's nice and quiet. I mean something really going to happen on that or is
it just your your guess and you know they're doing what well I'll tell you what the fact that stuff is handling it that
gives me a little more confidence I mean if you told me fix it was involved with this then I would say well no good luck
on Monday you know in fact maybe of the sacred look on Monday just to get out of here now I could be at wood
vine by what I could be after losing right now getting a start on the weekend 12 minutes at 10 13 already
man the time is flying along this is great this is so much better than I anticipated you know it is just zooming
along well look at those bad those bad ratings for L president a man they're dropping like a rock I mark Morgan now
here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M
I'm home I want to serve this a very homey for there is no more beer in the refrigerator
don't be a refrigerator I can not bad don't have a cow man but why can't you be more nice like your sister Lisa
to that is probably the good name I can finally have a pony Lisa honey we can afford up to only have a little junky you know it
for all small more believe that don't know you know don't be a little don't be a little bit of a little
baritone baritone
now let me ask you a question isn't bull row isn't that butter in the Spanish is that an Italian donkey I don't know how
Italian it's butter okay like that so not totally in the ask for a donkey
they'll buy your odds are it wouldn't come up be never know prison guard charge in Miami with sexual
battery of inmate a former state correction officer was charged yesterday with raping an inmate and
fathering her baby asmo jellicore 22 with charge with sexual battery by correction officer
and sexual misconduct by our correctional employee both felonies no attorney info me leave a list from channel 7
news jellicore uses position as the midnight shift officer overseeing female in nights at the homestay
correctional institute to gain access to the victim the state attorney's office be saying he threatened her
saying he would write a disciplinary report that would cause her to be placed in close confinement if she did not have sex with him the prosecutor's be
saying threats escalated until he centered to the communal showers late at night where she was raped at it in June July and August 2004
he resigned August 17 to send a victim tested positive on a pregnancy test the baby girl was born March 8th and a DNA test confirmed
jellicore was the father not a lovely story lovely beauty
okay we sneak this intermediate pool in there this morning they still working on a phone by the way I don't really care when we did it
yeah well huh I guess it's more fun to have you punch up the phones because we will begin tons of tons of suggestions for today's pool
oh I'm sure because it's a really positive one here's one right here Jerry Springer somebody that used to hate
but they like a lot right now look at that in a minute Jerry Springer you got it you got it
how come they're not listening to his radio show we ought to promote that he's not doing too well on the radio kind of like Bill O'Reilly they like him on TV
but he's got like a point on a radio and has had since day one in fact who was saying to me the other day they didn't even know he was on the
year in our market somebody said somebody 177 votes on our sneak in the middle of pool there what's your take on the summer tentative schedule on QAM
which starts a week from Monday next week Georgia beyond all week then the week after that we start that nice summer schedule is nice for me
George Monday Wednesday and Friday or it's truly Tuesday and Thursday let's see it's okay I'll listen regardless 64 see those are the people we like whatever they're loyal they listen they don't have any
complaints hey that can't take George 63 they hate you there although look at on the other pool or see you're coming up nice you and go
oh how about that love it get to hear lots of George and some Neil 31 see a little something of this under that to keep you going through the summertime to this boring dog days
I'm gone see you in September 15 that's bad would rather have Neil take all summer off that was my vote and three others as well four people said that see they love you they hate me like poison for them
what why look I give all the alternatives there are at least three other people out there I didn't vote because I hate myself I just thought well it would be nice that was the original deal until then this 9-11 crap happened you know that was bad all the way around now
here's the pool right now so many used to hate but like a lot now we we've done the reverse someone used to like and now you hit them like poison right we've done that yes we have but let's do something
positive and pleasant here there what are you saying no somebody used to hate but now you're like 67 votes here not they're not not overwhelming Bill Clinton and George red week is tied 14 apiece nice call
George that really is great but anytime I think of Bill Clinton I think you and the same breath always and the other way around yeah we have a lot of content
Moe Howard David and yours truly you see that or a team maybe eight a piece
nine full of moe
eight a piece absolutely and you see how I've endeared him to the audience now he used to get all bent out of shape about it now he realizes that because of the fact that
the poker Brian's made that great character absolutely and no way is that absolutely I'm not really sure if that's him or not that is him isn't that
absolutely wow that character is a real one is like a quick to take the toy absolutely Scott the point in fact Moe just moved ahead of everybody and not
everybody Clinton 16 George 15 Moe 11 Gildi 9 Me 9 oh it's me and Gildi now me and squeaky Howard Stern 6 Tom Jones 4 I didn't
tell her Tom Jones but I guess I did that's why I played that F bomb there to be any so bomb when Tom Jones was younger you know with a swing in the hips and
pretending to be a sexist pot and whatever sex bomb I hated him he was just you know horrible but now that he's an old fart like me and old toad he's got a sense of humor about it
he's good I like I like Tom Jones he's got four I think I'll queue some up today all those old toads got to stick together Jerry Springer 3 Humphrey Bogart 3 and Keith Olberman 2 on MSNBC
nobody watches a show and I used to hate him like poison and I'll be honest with it since I thought I was a good little guy and he actually tells the truth on
I show I'll watch it a little bit here and there now and then he'll be caught watching it what I'm the opposite I used to like him when he was on sports center and I
haven't seen he shows since I just I don't like his phony melodramatic so I'm just like the thing with John Miller all the
old women way over the top of that throwing the papers you know and I better get then again it's show business man it's stick they all
got to do their stick you know I they were not doing a stick on the phone to good this is really taking much
longer than ever has before I believe usually they just got to get hold of the phone coming through a switch and being
there's all my dots right right right the audience is waiting for me to say I got dots what's that but I don't know
dots so what are they doing I they're doing whatever it is that they do okay well it's Friday Jim
sorry has nothing to say today there's nothing unusual about that hey Jim you tub of crap man you
boofo toad he is just uh boring now very jackass he must have had a bad as a stale
savage in his bag this week because he wrote some real crap wait till we get to the stuff about
rich walls very you ain't fooling anybody man you got to be kidding me wow see one thing about
very jackass if he talks to somebody then he'll just kiss their ass whatever he writes in a
comb you know all over the place first he writes though former Marlon's radio announcer Boob
Shamby who we like a lot has emerges as a front runner for the dolphin play by play job on
seven i'd do the ticket Shamby would juggle a position with his daily seven i'd talk show and
ESPN baseball assignments that all friends have interest in Joe Rosa Jimmy Cifilis for the
analyst job the team will need to do a convincing sales job on Rose who's expressed reluctance to
add to his heavy workload on seven i'd be and NBC six and then the very right John Madden's
decision to move to NBC for Sunday night games in 2006 gives ESPN's Joe Thysman and Paul McWire a
better chance of shifting to ESPN's Monday night package in 2006 though that's far from guaranteed
ESPN had been pursuing Madden for MNF and there's a good chance Al Michaels will join this
partner Madden and NBC's booth in 2006 but if that doesn't happen NBC's raise the possibility of
little obnoxious Bob Costas doing the play by play more likely he'll be the studio host we hope
and pray not play by play not Bob Costas please then here we get to the part where Barry just
goes off the attracts he just loses it new Marlon's TV announcer Rich Waltz has been
dealing with health issues the past seven and a half weeks Waltz contracted a viral infection
during the Marlon's road trip to Colorado and later they've only has had difficulty shaking it
it's painful to talk he said or doctor told me don't talk to anybody and sit you're on the air
I spent a lot of time just listening to people do interviews I'm really careful trying to save my
voice and energy to get through the game despite the health setback which forced him to miss two games
in late May Waltz's raises performance in recent weeks says Barry Jackass Barry you are you you're
a crazy person man you need to be put in a rubber room you need to be put in a straight jacket
well I'm maybe not straight you fairy it says he's become more concise and delivered some clever
lines wow Waltz considered he probably spoke excessively during the first three weeks of the
telecast spoke excessively didn't say anything he still doesn't I'm really happy with where we are
he said of his FSN and past 35 broadcast with Tommy Hutton it took me about three weeks before I
got a good understanding of how much to talk when to get emotional I've tried to say more with less
said rich wall he is pathetic he is anxious man he's awful but very now it's starting to like in fact
maybe very like to put him on the pole let's put him on the pole somebody used to hate
me like a lot right now rich walls so very can vote right because I hear a guy he a very
he's got his little Sony Walkman right around his rear right now and he's listening even though
he would deny it because it's not a sports show see and the show actually doesn't exist in his
world in print anyway right right right now the sports show so when the ratings come out and we kick
it's just not reportable because it's not a sports show I'm sixty Q8M
uh
1033 27 11 and 560 WQ I'm happy Friday too I have a feeling that I'm not going to have any dots
today I just I could be wrong about that I hope so I kind of feel the same way yeah I think it's a
lost cause I don't know why because nothing has changed here on this end but nevertheless
something's always going on there you know so do now is anybody calling with anything for the
pole today or not I have no way of knowing you're going to have to give me a breast
well if there's faxes you know yeah you want to take some calls well that was that was my question
is that what I just said Josh is there anybody calling with anything for the pole or how would
we know if they're calling into the pole well I'm assuming what are you they're going to you
think your calling them just to talk to us oh no they're calling to say yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
man talk to them that's a whole different category and we certainly want them to miss an
opportunity to like you know give me a little shot here the last day before I have my nice
vacation yeah we got we got lines right let's punch one up there and see what happens
QA George caller when are you going to be on the air man next Monday QA
and what was that what how you cut her off him I kind of it was a him oh let me just say
that you fair okay go ahead I like it leave you and me yes sir am I on yes it sounds like you
I like to put go on your pole okay there's a good one I don't like it myself but there
a lot of people have taken them turn they're like what he has to say you know what did I ever do to you
see how right hey what's the our call to say goodbye to you that one in a long time see you see
we don't want to deprive them this is their last chance for a while sure well at least a little
weeks and two they're not like I'm going somewhere five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
they're for rising that was a guy that called before oh that's my guess like hey get out of here
that was a lady well what do you think like I messed up dude to me yeah okay like I said you
fair lady there's different kinds of ladies five six seven oh five sixty pound five
six and the Verizon Singular wireless line let's get thousands of calls on today QA
M hello oh yes sir you know that right here hey how you doing Neil hey I don't know if I don't
hit every minute of every show um back when you had that one about business suits that are out of
business right he Mackinbole is still exists yeah I know that well they they went out for a while
another back in visit bokeh yeah bokeh on 441 well that's good there's that good ice cream yeah and
the other one is Freddie's anchor part what is it Freddie's anchor bar they moved yeah they're now
a Southwest 4,000 already crossing the cemetery just north to stay bro 84 right across from the
cemetery yes sir oh I'm supposed to sure to go in and drink too much yes there you go thank you for
that process street all right good talking to you have a nice big name just family you two thanks
hey uh speaking of ice cream aren't you tell the people well I already did yeah that was on
the air how we talked about that all right oh boy this is bad now he really wants to rub it in
it juxtaposed a lot of dope to you that must be it I I talk about loading about other people's
a lot of other people loading Norma Kent called yesterday got me we needed press showing his ass
on the phone Norma you just destroyed my whole day my you know my baby what did it look like on the
phone and I went across the street I got me a pint of banana non hogging does and I just scoffed
that thing down like I like it was about an ounce and a half man so I didn't have to tell you
about it I could align I could never told you that and Josh is saying see I taught you a week
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hope you're enjoying that flavor wave uh the luxury that I sent you
oh it's great we used to get lost like by the way and by we I mean the wife you know we made
some chicken breasts and it was great well I was waiting for my story and well actually I didn't tell
the story on the air about my Omaha steaks did I think I mentioned that I don't want to
show it oh boy how they delivered it to the wrong place and I had to do detective work and go find
all the steaks it with a miracle I got him but I got him that was two days ago and man I made a
rib-by steak yesterday for dinner that was the most juicy delicious tender and of course I got
that carb what is it not carb solutions carb uh something's carb options that steaks us and man
it is so good in fact you shimmer a little bit that on each side while you're cooking it in the
flavor way and boy that is just sensational tender and juicy and great but anyway enjoy your
as Josh even in spite of the fact you want to be a real bastard that's okay I wasn't enjoying the
fact I eat the ice cream in fact maybe to pull me over the edge of course it puts me over the edge
I mean no matter what you're so yeah I'm trying to get it's a double a sword it's got a double
head sword okay let's first of all the most important story of the whole I got a big pile here
today and I got news for you I'm doing it I'm doing my piles do it do the pile I mean you can't
take all the big story of the day anybody believe it no see the only reason I say big story
today is that's because the media keep the fact that we've been talking about this is not to make
me want a gag but since they're you know they are way to like on the outside looking in
quotes with your fingers big accurate Tom Cruise said he and girlfriend Katie Holmes are engaged
after he popped the question early this morning atop the Eiffel Tower boys and girls how about that
Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes there are yeah I don't believe that Harris news conference with
Holmes says yes I proposed to her anybody believe it no the couple often sure it smiles and
blushes as true eternal look at her with a massive diamond ring on her fingers he had a big one
it was early this morning at the Eiffel Tower so I haven't slept at all he said today is a
magnificent day for me I'm engaged with a magnificent woman that's why he chose the famous
Paris landmark he said I've never been to the Eiffel Tower it's Paris it's a beautiful city
it's very romantic hey Tom Cruise said no day for wedding has been said we haven't discussed that
one step at a time he said let's see we're not sure through his 42 was in Paris to promote
the French releases Steven Spielberg's film more of the world's nice month he had 26 year old
Holmes went publicly their romantic relationship in April I believe that he would look with Sherlock
Holmes Holmes did not speak to me for this but at one point Cruise cruise the whisper in her are you okay
afterward the two heard into a car before leaving for a proposal of an in Marseille in Southern France
I was in the half of his marriage that anyone's ever had said the court of fanny the child after
so close to the cruise in the film she sat next to Holmes the real news conference
Cruise in Hummus and I meet but oh and here we go Holmes was in London earlier this week to promote
a new film that man begins piece of theory she's also dismissed accusations at the couple
of stage of relationship for publicity Holmes said then she was embracing Scientology cruise
is really the former star of TV's Dawson speak grew up with a poster cruise on a bedroom wall
and it says she grew up wanting to marry him look like a like a fairy tale romance in it like a
fairy tale romance and the other story they had this morning was that the Scientologist Cruise
has got one of his arrangements in the center following her around yeah Taylor
ten jadges her just to make sure he liked Ghosts Phil abeans or talk to him without him being
dressed up like that she's got beans so there's a big story that's what I'm hearing hey time
are you fooling anybody I mean they're even talking about it openly on here now that's just a
publicity stunt and they both have a movie coming out and nobody's buying it but nevertheless
it's it isn't sick thing I mean I just want to just roast out by this desperate attempt to
continue proving something you know if only could make a clever name out of their two names like
beneferee you know yeah right if we can only do that like a helicopter something like that or just
you farewell that'll do 19 to 11 I don't see these dots on here yet I'm starting to get really
very deeply concerned aren't you is still working on that feverishly as you go around on the floor
and he's made the call and you know that yeah and that's it that's it well I'll be there can't we
get fix it involved into somehow can he stick his finger in a socket or something and say he did
pop his head in the studio do you yeah and that's all okay well signed that over real quick
I want to marry
here
the same first name we got
that's hard I've waited for you
all of my life I will be your simple wife
simple wife simple
simple so you think come through as you was in Paris 10 46 and 5 60 WQ am I'm not
I rebooted this thing again by the way and guess what still not working huh no what happened
George left yeah I think he's taking a do it for something oh no not a doose maybe he's just
playing a little AC do see let's just like his push resolution out of rack pullout president
Bush would have had to start bringing US to a who troops home from Iraq by October 1 2006
I'm a measure from a small bipartisan group of house lawmakers including a Republican
devoted for the war proposed yesterday two Republicans and two Democrats introduced a resolution
that would require the president to announce by the end of this year a plan for withdrawing troops
and steps for following through on that plan other Democrats quickly signed out of the plan
it's the first such resolution put forth by lawmakers from both parties although an overwhelming
number of Democrats and six House Republicans voted in 2002 against sending troops to Iraq
Pentagon spokesman Lawrence Derrida a real fascist of ever someone said such time tables won't
suggest the insurgents would simply wait for you as forges to withdraw before attacking
right and just reach him back for it American officials lied to British ministers over the use of
internationally reviled napom type fire bombs in Iraq how do you like that yesterday's disclosure
led to caused by MPs for a full statement to the comments and open ministers to allegations that
they held back the facts until after the general election despite persistent rumors of injuries
among Iraq he's consistent with the use of incendiary weapons such as napom Adam Ingraham the
I wonder if he's kind of Daningram the defense minister assured labor MPs in January the US
forces did not use the new generation of incendiary weapons code named MK77 in Iraq but Mr.
Ingraham admitted to the labor MP Harry Cohen in a private letter obtained by the independent
newspaper that he inadvertently misled parliament because he'd been misinformed by the US
US confirmed my officials they hadn't used any MK77s in Iraq at any time and this was the basis of
my response to you we told Mr. Cohen I regret to say that I've since discovered this is not the case
and must now correct this position he said 30 how many MK77 fire bombs were used by the first
marine expeditionary force in the invasion of Iraq between March 31 April 2 2003 that were
used against military targets away from civilian targets yada yada yada how do you like that
napom baby first to get it soon
mother's of american soldiers have killed the killed in president pushes invasion of Iraq
joined with a constitutional lawyer before congresses today to demand impeachment of the president
for lying to force american to war all right constitution lawyer john bonaface totally congressional
hearing sufficient grounds exist to impeach the president for lying to congress about the justification
for the war in other words for feeding us a pack of lie you go George not you I already did oh
that's what I heard the US House of Representatives is a constitutional duty to investigate fully
incomprehensibly the evidence revered by the downing street memo and other related evidence and
to determine whether there are sufficient grounds to impeach George W Bush the president of the
USA bonaface said the explosive downing street memo named for the downing street residents of
prime minister Tony Blair shows Bush was determined to proceed war war in 2002 eight full months before
the war began and played fast and loose with intelligence to boost the case before the country and the
UN the memo was written by top british intelligence officer in 2002 lead to the british press recently
the memo has been widely reported the british press but has still been largely ignored by mainstream
american media they're too busy tonis that bill humpers leaving on cnn see a bill a by the way bill
you're fairy they're hearing any implications of the memo was organized by us representative john
conures with about 20 house democrats attending no republicans appeared none zero not a one witnesses
included former CIA analystry maguvern in joseph wilson that by the way how's that prosecution on
the uh... outer on uh... the evaluate plan thing coming
what's that no no
and joseph wilson the former you have to invest in a several African nations who said the memo
offers more proof that bush took advantage of a nation in congress traumatized by the nine eleven attacks
the evidence that appears to be building up points to a direction of whether the president
deliberately misled congress said representative Charles wrangle democrat a new york here go Charlie you go chuck
all were asking is to know the truth said bonaface he's co-founder of after downing street dot org
and proponent of a house inquiry
cindy she and mother of a soldier killed in a racon founder of the gold star families for peace
said bush is waging a needless senseless war and betraying serviceman like her son kacy
was killed in action and bagged in the April of last year
i believe before i'll be disinvated a racon mark two thousand three and even more convinced now that
this aggression of a rac was based on a lie of historic proportions and was blatantly unnecessary
missus she and said the so-called downing street memo dated july 23rd two thousand two only confirms
what i always suspected the leadership of this country rushed us into any legal invasion of
another sovereign country on prefabricated and cherry picked intelligence white house spokesman
scott will come of course dismiss mr conures hearing is a publicity stunt this is simply rehashing
all debates that have already discussed said white house spokesman scott mcdon but some on
capital hill believes the memo will be bushes undoing like the monica lwinski sex scandal that brought
impeachment proceedings against bava or the watergate breaking that brought an end to rich
your nixon's presidency it reminds me of the little brood that appeared in the paper that
said there was a break into water great yes i'd rather be a slain's us soldier i believe nixon
called that a second rate burglary and how's he doing now he's still dead nixon yeah i don't see any
dots on here by the way want to press water too or not all right q a m q a m
meal yes sir don't be sorry eight two things before you go vacation i was uh
i was watching this uh movie and i've been watching for a week now it's called what's the
bleep do we know if you heard that no it's about quantum physics and our reality and how did you
what the joyous do we know it's called what's the bleep do we know right and it's about quantum
physics and how it's how it actually and if we look beyond what we look at it actually our reality
makes sense other than what they try to tell us okay i guess i have to be there but you have to
i have to see it well where where you're watching this what's it on i got it from uh actually just
came out about two weeks ago but um and they just had a big uh like a big forum here of all the
their physics teachers uh they actually came here the professor and they actually spoke about the
quantum physics and how they how it shapes the reality now we look at everything we just
don't understand it and they made that's right sure i don't get it okay well listen thanks a lot my
but do i have mom saying still around she didn't really big to find there was a movie about physics
yeah quantum physics know less yeah it would have been a quantum leap for her in fact you could have
done what you just did maybe i doubt it though five six seven oh five sixty maybe once
pound five sixty leave horizon and singular that's all she wanted just once qa and hello hello
hi qa hello yes who is hello how you doing Neil i'll come i should love the other one on
good it yes uh two things one for your bowl uh christ rock christ rock you didn't like
christ rock how could anybody not like christ rock well first i didn't but then i saw stand up never
scared and i love them now okay and i saw them in the uh um i'm gonna miss you over the summer man
yeah and uh i love you show okay thanks see you i want i mean i could lie and say i'm gonna miss
everybody yeah i won't mm-hmm oh i'm gonna miss this so i'm gonna be here two days and
thursdays it's not like i'm leaving not like i'm uh you know doing that whole summer thing like
i did a couple years there in the amstor they might have fell down and broke my hand yeah see that
was being punished this is the way it works god punishes people for uh you know slacken off a little bit
fell down and busted that right there in the red light district that was another thing
yeah right there in the old church oh god a a a i didn't delgado how do you say a i d a n i
then okay uh mister delgado says he wants on army master sergeant last year back he told her
in the humvee antenna he says he watched a marine send a youngster flying with a boot to the
chest and he says men in his unit hurled bottles that are macchies civilians from a military vehicle
since he left the u.s military in jane where is a conscientious objector the former army
uh former army specializes travel to country giving audiences a disturbing account of routine
brutality he claims he saw during his year in a rag his grizzly roadshow has triggered two military
investigations uh it is also drawn leads in a critics who scrutinizes the council and consistencies
suggest he's a liar and dismiss him as a dervying of the far left some criticize him for waiting
until he came home to report the incidents the time and place to have made these claims as well he
was a soldier wearing uniform over there since Steve Stomfeld a spokesperson for the u.s army
reserve wearing a black t-shirt with the word peace in english hibiruan arabic delgado punctuated
a reason talked about 50 people with slides of gruesome war images one picture showed a bullet
shattered corpse in a partial open body bag the point of showing this is not to shock you he said
delgado 23 told his audience of the university of san diego's don't be crock instant for peace
and justice we don't have a way to good sense of Iraqi civilians as human beings it's not part of
the news coverage the son of u.s diplomat delgado grew up in tailand sangal and edu for re learned
to speak arabic he was a 19 year old college student in florida when he enlisted in the army reserve
he signed his service contract on the morning of the 9-11 terrorist attacks he became a Buddhist
before the army activated his unit and sent him an 140 others and they 320th military police
company to a rack in march 2003 few months after arriving he decided to turn in his weapon
that colman sarasota resumed religious studies at new college of florida he's given free talks
to audiences at high schools college campuses and churches from florida to california he's a
a light himself with a peace movement but hasn't joined the call for an immediate withdrawal of u.s
troops he said occupation is better than allowing your raktos slip into anarchy and even more blood
shed if democracy comes out of this invasion and there'll be some good to what he said but i just
want people to know along that road there's going to be an enormous amount of brutality and blood
blood shed and murder on the highway like that call we had about a hundred years ago
that i have to be forget which the drop had been cleaned
murder and blood shed 1057 of qa and what do we have a lineup for you today
this is the neo-roger show
this is your brain
who takes up his voice any questions
no
it's three a day plus gas
well i read it linking
by third man i drove up in the hill
he wants insurance and to recall how it happened well it's
the lock is still gives me change
what a weirdo
follow my map book star how says
shite and one shot to see
sitting on her front porch was
angelina jones
i walked up like i knew her
hey do i know you
when i saw her hesitate
shite
but the call was born started working then for her
it was too late
for her and my car and
rolled the windows down
that she was my queen and
my baby crown
just a stupid cry of me
and i've got angelina jones
in my basement
i never met this
and i think i'll keep her there with me
hello
and charge her red
i'm not here red
well i hope she don't mind
i hope that she'll find that she likes us a man
i think i'll find her back
how wonderful life is with angelina jolie in my basement
wait see i'll get
watch your dramatic
all i remember
but i bet you'd give your message
to have angelina jolie locked
down in your basement
i'll hurt my dog
i'll hurt my dog
don't hurt precious
i'll hurt your dog mister
it pushed the dog in the basket
1103 at qim here is the one we got it to pull so far
somebody used to hate but now you're like a lot
a lot 161 votes
i mean i'm not like overwhelming i'm like
they're real anxious to go and vote on this
because uh oh it's too far
it's too far
Georgia red regga's 33 year leedon man
oh yeah
they hate you
yeah and now they like you uh
some built in 31
mohauer david in 20 you're truly 18
jolie 15
hey gellie
somebody likes you
howard stern 11 jerry springer 8
Keith oberman 8
josh used to like him on sports center
because it was sports now he hates him like poison
but you don't watch msnbc anyway do
i've never put it on i don't think so i've been
how do you know you don't like him now i
i just said i've never seen his new show but nobody
he's watching it nice true it can't be that good
oh and then they put that bow tide idiot
uh uh tucker Carlson on air at nine o'clock
man oh man he always points
the only show they've ever put on is got like a
minus in front of the number i mean what are they
thinking about uh let's see Keith oberman 8
Tom johen 7 Bill maris got six for
hungry boogards three chris rock one and rich wals
look at that he's got one very jack has voted
nice going buried hey buried you fairy here's a
fact from a rick that says have a great summer
you deserve it after dealing with the colors
and all the grave robbers acue i am now the grave
robber is uh normal Kent i am so uh i
i don't want to go into it just just move on
you know right just for way i mean well what is the
point don't call here again normal okay don't ever
call here again leave me alone go uh play
with marbles or something get lost
god almighty talk about just creating or
and again all from a selfish standpoint not
that he was doing something for me selfish selfish it's
always like self-serving selfish how much more do
you want normal okay selfish god what a
hazard you know what a hazard is that's it
matter of fact i rooted in a flavor wave rich
says and uh because of you my mouth is
watering already i've got a great piece of
sewer line stigma relating in moho and
human seasoning moho yeah garlic and citrus
and garlic with no salt it says mm also wanted to
thank you in george for putting the fear of
god in me i went into the doctorate today
and found i had a high blood pressure i'm
also borderline diabetic borderline diabetic
you know what she's like in borderline pregnant
hey we're here to recognize you but there's
no such thing as being borderline diabetic either
you are or you ain't right i'd go out there
to eat me one of those acute check or some
other one of those eight even in brands they
got it i'd start cricket my finger every day
and checking that blood sugar and being right on it
fact remember i had the article the other day
about the sooner you start uh keeping uh your
blood sugar levels down that better off you are
it just felt like a
anyway host told to lose weight or he'd be dead in a
couple of years he's already started to walk about
15 minutes today with the intention to gradually
upping the time it's so easy to put the weight on
and so hard to take it off and so easy to go eat
bread ice cream when somebody agitates you on a
phone you've got frustration eating you idiot
normal can't you fool you you quizzling you
you're very not he just pisses me off if you could
know the number of times he's done that and i've got my
cheeseburger i'm making it in my flavor way but i'm sitting there
relaxing the show is over i got one more day
until the summer thing starts and here comes the
phone we're gonna ice just your answer the phone
good plan it's it's almost never anything good
anyway i work says at least i've taken a first step i'll send you
before and after purchase when i'm done
ps you're getting two to people out there keep up the
great work i'm getting through the uh right
am i getting through the mr beetle what do you say
and uh and josh still in like that movie that's too bad
oh and uh you're not getting that north by north west yet i'll go
pick it up somewhere whatever no rush i wait for the other one i was
gonna send you i forget oh uh uh it was the
message of being burning oh that's right i'll catch that it's on
cable like every five minutes oh give me this crap you'll
catch it if i send it to you'll watch it because i'm
doing it you just keep channel surfing you keep
clicking the old clicker it's a good movie the acting is good
uh gee the fact that gene hackmins and a vexion tell you
right there that you need to see it oh by the way so the first
hour of pie finally last night yeah yeah my pie or your pie
uh a pie why do you want to watch that
because i like uh eran oski yeah it was interesting you
won't like this well he puts the drill in his head and you know
how it ends that's why i didn't bother
what
if i he starts out he shaves and says kind of like mine is
right now not pretty ball but close to it then you get you got to that part
right oh no oh and then he's got that orthodox rabbi that says
right him all this muddle jumbo all these secret
formulas and this and and then in the end of it he sticks the uh so maybe now
that i've shaped my head like this is normal kind of a culture to get i'll just
take the electric drill and stick it not meant through my head maybe it is
correct on his ass normal you bug me man just go away you're a
quetch you're a real quetch do not contact joys do not contact me
do not contact the beesleys do not contact Greg Reed do not contact
duff do not contact clearance just to go take some contact about a hundred
would be good go away already
Jesus Christ everything is going along just fine you know everything is fine
coming up roses the numbers were great
and uh here's this make believe pretend broadcaster who said to me the last time
he talked me by the way he's upset because they don't promote his show
and uh oh give me a break the light bulb in fact it's not even light bulb
juniors light bulb light that he's on you could fit the number of people listening
that station in in in dating brown counties into a telephone booth and have
room left over for uh fat boys ass here's the good news though like i said we're
gonna be really positive today good news
increasingly pessimistic about it racking skeptical about
president bush's plan for social security americans are going to season a
political discontent giving mr bush one of the lowest approval ratings of
his presidency oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and even lower marks to congress
oh right according to the new york time cbs pool i was just released yesterday
42% of the people responding to the polls that they approved of the way
mr bush was handling it 42% approval rating a market declined from his 51%
rating after the November election when he embarked on an ambitious second
term agenda led by the overall social security try to never your money to
business friends 16 months before the midterm elections congress feared even worse
in the survey would be approval of just 33% of the respondents and 19% saying congress
shared their priorities despite months of presidential efforts and nationwide pool
fund the public is not rallying toward mr bush's vision of a new social security
that would allow younger workers to lose their money in their private investment accounts
in the stock market and uh fritter it all away so that bushes buddies on wall street can make a
bonanza's learned read well would say two-thirds said they were uneasy about mr bush's
ability makes sound decisions on social security only 25% said they approved of the way mr
bush's handling 25% said they approved the way he's handling social security down slightly
from the poll in march i mean that's like uh prosthetic those must be really uh rich people
so the people um also right yeah they probably talked around insana and your buddy
attend the don't call me david don't call me how we david hey it's head
more over 45% said the more they heard about the bush plan the less they like it the more i hear it
the less i like it or what's the bit on it that's not motel and the the low i hear you
is that it pretty sure the more i haven't played that in a long long time are you sure that's what
the more i see you whatever it is another thing you can listen to me you would have been a big star
by that that's the one okay well it's coming up anyway getting back to this 45% said they more
at the i'll read again the more they heard about the less they like that they also found a public
shared the growing skepticism has been washed in about mr bush's prospects for success on social
security with more saying they did nothing mr bush would succeed still mr bush continue to
have majority support for his handling of the war and terror 52% one of his strengths throughout
his 2004 reelection campaign his approval rating is below the historical pattern for june in the
first year of a second term president clinton stood at 60% keep in mind bush 42 president
Reagan at 59% keep in mind bush 42 and that of course it goes on to say that could reflect in
part the much greater partisan polarization in modern politics underscored by the 71%
percentage point gap between his approval rating from democrats and republicans of the recent
pool or more likely it could be because he's totally incompetent and people are just fed up and
discussed it and find a catch an on and they're tired of hearing a pack of lies on a rack
months of continued turmoil and surge in attacks and casualties appear to have taken a further
toll on pubic attitudes looking back 51% said they thought the united states should have stayed
out of a rack while 45% said military action was the right thing to do that reflects only a
slight erosion from findings by cbs news throughout the spring but a mark turn around from last year
when plurality center of think it was still the right thing to do more over only 37% of the
approved mr. Bush's handling of the situation in a rack down from 45% in february a strong majority
of americans now say the effort by the u.s. to bring stability in order to rack is going badly
60% up from 47% in february 60% say that bad in general the survey found americans in a darker
mood their dark in one key measure only 33% said they thought the country was on the right track
while 61% said it got off in the wrong direction how do you like that and the public view of congress
dropped sharply earlier this year and is hurt and unusually low levels since march and is hang
it down there real close to third man how do you like that all this they get that prayer is waiting to take
them all out when it comes to sports
we're the off story
sports when you'll find 16
when you're
I mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M
another
star
yeah
It'll be find a way behind it.
Before I see you.
A what-a-box.
You'll be there
before I see you.
What advice man?
And why not see you?
I wanna say
Your blessing
will also help me
the soul
the
Why you why you're a smite you I know my smell attract you
Why don't you like to sack you you still got your
I feel just like that you are my
brother and one you need to another that's why you're still not
engagement
I'm on a show.
And I can't.
Absolutely.
Alright, catch it up.
It's over.
Now, 202 votes on a full show.
For some of you used to hate like poison,
but now you like a lot.
George Rodriguez 36.
Oh!
Bill Clinton 34.
More Howard David had got 28.
The O'Rodger's 21.
Uh, Geldie 20.
Howard Spurms got 15.
Jerry Springer 11.
Bill Mara 9.
Tom Jones 9.
Keith O'Berman 8.
Chris Rock 5.
Humphrey Bogart 3.
Rich Waltz got a pair now.
And David Brock has got one.
We used to hate him when he was the right winged closet case.
Now that he's out of the closet like you fairly.
And uh, Ripon and Republicans and ass.
We like him a lot.
I would go along with that.
567.
See, this thing with the phone is not going to get fixed today.
I just had that feeling because you're not sending me nothing, you know.
And by the way, there's no dots.
So, and you want it.
I'm telling you everything I know.
What do you mean by the way, there's no dots?
I mean, no, there's no calls.
No, no, there are.
Oh, you mean down there?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I'm just telling you that nothing is happening.
Nothing is happening.
That's absolutely right.
And this is the same that it's always been every time it goes on.
And I know which is, uh, associate producer is not connected to a server,
which means it's on your end.
Trust me what I've said.
Because everything else here is working plus.
It's hooked up to the internet because I can go on to like I did before
in an exploracy, even though I had been doing that.
So I already had all the experimenting here.
I rebooted it A.
And that's all I can do.
It's a boot.
A boot.
So it's on that end.
So get the engineering, the crack engineering department.
Just make a whole bunch of calls.
Open up the yellow pages and call people.
We got calls.
Let's take about 30 or 40 of this out.
QIAM, hello.
Hey, Nielsen.
How are you?
Good. How are you?
Great.
I wanted to tell you that there is a nickname for Tom Cruise in Katie Holmes.
It's called Tomcat, C-O-M-K-A-T.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
Isn't that awful?
Is there any way you can get any of your musical bits, your vocabright and this?
No.
You don't have that on your website or anything.
Well, we have something on the website, but I don't know what they are.
You should make some available on a tape or something.
And, you know, no.
Oh, that's a CD, you mean?
Like we used to do with it.
CD, yeah.
Yeah.
Once upon a time.
But then as soon as we put the CD out, everybody would like steal it and burn 80 minute copies and give it to all their friends.
And, uh, yeah.
So it's kind of a waste of time.
Yeah.
Like I never got to hear the kind of reason one before it was Sam's friends.
Oh, you didn't hear that.
Yeah.
It doesn't exist.
No.
It never did.
Oh, it does exist.
In fact, that would be a great way to go out right before my vacation.
I would be able to play that right now.
Right before you retire, would you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Can we tell?
Yeah.
You talked about putting some of the ones that were banned at one point on a CD, I thought.
That's what we talked about.
And we talked about a lot of things, but it's good.
Okay.
Well, let's hear them.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Wow.
That was unfortunate.
I mean, like, she didn't get the answer.
She wanted and she ran away.
What was that?
That was it.
That didn't get the answer.
She wanted to win.
Well, the answer is still.
No.
I mean, we want to come out with a CD.
That's what we make in every day.
Yeah.
Let's just put it that way.
Oh, I got it.
You want to hear it?
Yeah.
Play it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
Oh, look at that.
The associate producer is not going to just pop up by itself, not connecting to the server, kind
of like to verify what I said.
Kind of like to bear it out.
I got all excited.
What?
Because you get the opportunity.
I was going to have that guy came up with the thing.
If I had that, I would have said, I got dots.
You know how that works.
I got no clock.
I got no message on the bottom.
That says, this is Toronto and high.
Whatever it always says.
And I got no dots.
I got no teeth.
Which means, ain't nothing.
I don't even come out of there.
Trust me when I tell you.
I know.
I mean, a lot of folks there always like to say, well, let's be on that.
And it is not on this end.
It's on the ass end, which is right there.
You're sitting in it.
You're sitting on it.
The ass end.
Let's take a little call.
Kind of.
It's getting to the point now where like pretty soon three and four year old kids are going
to be driving cars.
And why the hell not?
Pretty soon your dogs are going to be driving cars.
I mean, if precious could drive it on passions could go out there if they had an orangutan
could drive a car.
Why not?
Why not?
Mind-away, Beth gets away and what's her name?
What's his name?
Allister is on his way to rescue Beth with the limo with Martin.
Just for the five people to watch passions.
Hollywood, a 13-year-old boy jumped into a public workshop yesterday and led police.
I'm sure you saw this.
On a chase for at least 20 miles from Broward in the central day.
Oh, no, he's going the wrong way, son.
You don't want to go into day.
The boy tried to run over for a police officer and caused at least two crashes at Hollywood
police spokesman Captain Tony Rode or is that a roadie?
The boy was trying to...
Oh, that Tom Comcat.
Oh, that is so puking.
I'm depressed over that last call because she seemed very nice and like a real fan and
everything else.
And then at the end after I said, no, we're not going to do that.
Oh, okay, bye.
What's that?
It's typical, especially I don't want to say South Florida.
Waited.
Oh.
The boy was charged with Grand Thift, R.O.
Thling and looting a police officer, aggravated assault.
Merrill Wana possession.
Oh, my God.
And other charges.
All of these...
All of these things.
He was being held in Date County juvenile facility until he could face a magistrate that
he returned to Broward County.
Two city workers had left to Hollywood Public Works truck running when a boy jumped inside
Rode.
He said it was a nice crime of opportunity.
He said he jumps in and take a little juror right and does just that.
He drove through several cities into high Alia where officers used to stop and we used
stocks to slow the truck.
The boy struggled during his arrest and some officers made allegations of excessive force
by their officers Rode.
He said those allegations were being investigated.
The boy had been arrested several times before including a previous charge of Grand
Thift Auto.
Rode said he's a punk.
He's been arrested multiple times.
How do you like that?
I'd at least shoot him in an e-caps.
That's it.
Maybe a little bit higher.
That's what people are saying.
Oh, maybe they're too rough on it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they have to warn us all these punks.
Uh-huh.
I'm starting to be to turn a little more pro-cop as I get older.
You know, become a little more right-wing.
I say that Bush is doing one hell of a job.
I thought they were doing another job.
Yeah, cops wouldn't make a job.
They're being sat sitting out there under the bush writing them tickets doing all that
stuff.
Right.
And then, of course, the other big piece of local news yesterday was the good year blimp.
That was, uh, kind of sad.
The noise started them.
Cracks of Thunder and Pouring Ray.
It startled them.
Can I read this or not?
It's in the Harold Tiny print.
The noise startled them.
Cracks of Thunder and Pouring Ray.
But that was nothing compared to what Diner said.
Crawl Springs Red Lobster last night were about to see.
And God, do we love Red Lobster or what?
Man, they're the best.
I love that pounding hit.
OK, I'll get when I eat there.
A gigantic presence as long as two thirds of a foot and the odd you done the IBS.
I like the smell.
A gigantic presence as long as two thirds of a football field and fifty feet wide dropped
out of the sky.
It was the good year blimp, plummeting tail, first toward the ground.
At first, we thought it was just thunder, but then we saw the blimp said, Miriam Clark's
General Manager, the Red Lobster, a 2000 earth university drive.
It looked like it was trying to land in our parking lot.
Seconds later, about 645 last night, the good year blimp stars and stripes crashed down
to the roof of Crawl Springs mini storage just north of Sanford Road taking down power
lines during a severe thunderstorm.
The two people on board, both pilots, rescueers, said had a wait for crews to shut off
power and the area before exiting the downed airship.
Both escaped the crash and injured Crawl Springs Fire Rescue spokesman Mike Moser said.
How do you like that?
All kinds of crap going on.
Fallen blimp's kids with runaway trucks, stuff like this, all of these things.
And our phone lines still don't work.
See, that kind of like slows me down a little bit.
I want to take at least 20,000, 30,000 calls today.
My count's taken 13th place.
We've got the scene.
The biggest personnel have you heard.
We've lost your service.
We take the service here.
Sports radio, 560.
QAM.
Friday, you bastard.
I touched her up to the end of night.
Anything, anything, that I'm going to be for you is safe.
No.
We're going to say, everything is a thing.
And for him, nothing exists.
We're going to go outside.
And we're going to go inside.
And open him up.
And we're going to go inside.
No.
When Josh goes out to feed his kids, he's your friend.
Friday, you're right, he ain't.
He never heard a song before.
First off, if we could really say,
that you wish him a good war.
And he's with scoreful soulmates.
With that big Josh, with that big Josh guy.
With Josh, we're up to feed his kids.
And for Josh, we're up to feed his kids.
I never heard this thing before.
What?
What?
27 till noon at 560 W.
That's our boy.
Jim says from California.
Actually, I don't understand it.
Did you look at this?
It says from a work.
And then it says Jim.
Hmm.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't have a facts from Jim.
There you go.
Okay, there it is.
Oh, yeah, weird.
See?
They think they're clever by making up a name when they sign at the end.
Not realizing that they've already had a name.
Yeah, but if you're a number that is from Eric,
or maybe it's from Eric's,
fax machine,
when you just, what difference does it make?
Okay, you're getting like,
oh, hostile.
I'm just messing that in passing.
I wish I hadn't seen it.
Okay.
For some guy in California, alleged.
He says, I used to hate Judge Dutie because I thought
he was just some jappy man-hitting bitch,
but I actually paid attention to show discovered that she's hilarious.
There you go.
Judge Dutie, we've got her on her yet.
Good.
We do.
And by the way, we don't give a choice what the Supreme Court said.
We're still smoking up a storm out here in California.
So Jim, Eric, whatever's name is, all day.
So, thanks a lot to you.
He's a little raised very soon.
For the same facts again, but in a different format.
I beg your pardon?
The same facts from Eric Jim.
In a different format.
In a different format.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Well, maybe he's smoking a little bit too much.
Okay.
Maybe he rolled up the LA Times in it.
Or whatever.
Now, this is going to be, this just makes me want to scream.
This even pisses me off the norm of camp.
You're fat ass governor, you know?
Okay.
I think these people ought to sue him for about $80 billion.
You're fat ass governor.
He is the anti-Christ.
He is the worst.
He makes his brother look like a Sunday school preacher,
like a good Samaritan, like a good humor man.
Fat ass governor, Jeb Bush, asked a prosecutor today to investigate why Terry Shabo collapsed 15 years ago,
calling into question to gap in time, from what her husband found the woman in called 911.
He just will not let this go.
Terry and her cube.
And let her effects of an Ellis Pasco County state attorney, Bernie McCabe.
The fat ass governor says Michael Shabo testified in a 1992 medical malpractice trial
that he found his wife collected 5 a.m.
and he said in a 2003 television interview that he found her in about 4.30 a.m.
He called 911 at 5.40 a.m.
Between 40 and 70 minutes he laughed you for the call was made,
and I'm aware of no explanation for the label, said in light of this new information,
I urge you to take a fresh look at this case without any preconceptions as to the outcome.
Terry Shabo died.
March 31 is we all certainly know from dehydration after her feeding.
Jeb was disconnected despite unsuccessful efforts by Bush to keep her alive, herniatic efforts,
ridiculous ludicrous, unacceptable efforts, not to mention illegal.
The battle between her husband and parents over whether she should be allowed to die also in the court.
The court's congress of white house and divided the country, her autopsy released the other day,
showed suffered from severe and irreversible brain damage.
McCabe was out of state Friday, couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
Michael Shabo's attorney George Filos did not immediately reach her in a phone call so he can comment from the AMP,
but a comment published today by the hero, he said,
Terry Shabo could not have survived if her husband hadn't called immediately 911.
It's absolutely preposterous, he said.
If he had waited 70 minutes, she would have been dead.
I mean, correct that they just won't leave this poor bastard alive on it.
It just drives me crazy, drives me up the wall.
They just won't let go because of their desperate herniatic attempts to pacify their Bible thumping, right wing,
fetus hugging, semisel looking idiots.
Crazy people.
That's what you are. All your religious nuts here.
Well, little bit crazy, certified, but they'll lock your ass up so the rest of us can be safe and live in peace.
You're the evil doers.
Yes.
Now, I don't think you want a piece of pizza anyway after you heard this story.
Okay.
Well, I shouldn't have told you before the show, I gave you like a little heads up on this.
This is so gross.
And right before lunchtime, he's doing it too.
What a disgusting bastard, right?
None of the fetus story is it.
By the way, to follow you out, no, it's different.
The phone still don't work.
Yeah, not here either, but hey, what?
Well, they're resetting the entire system so I can't call that now.
No, just make a deal better.
Why should I be able to punch up calls when you can't?
I thought you said not here either.
I'm a swear I heard you say that because we've already taken about 600 calls, not so many good ones, but we don't think a few.
Well, not anymore.
We'll be able to do that.
We'll be doing that again.
Yeah, that's right.
I don't really care.
It's my last day before vacation and before a nice long summer of not working very much.
Cheer leaders discipline for feces pizza.
Oh, my God.
Keller, Texas.
I thought I'd love good religious folks are in Texas.
All them Bible, Thumpin, born again.
Aren't they?
Yeah.
Like you'll president and his, uh, classy family.
Four Keller high school cheerleaders were sent home early in Keller, Texas sent home from camp after allegedly putting human feces on a pizza and trying to frame rival cheerleaders for the deed.
Lovely.
Cheerleaders from rival fossil-rich high school had sent the pizza to the Keller squad on the last out of a four day camp at the University of Texas at Arlington.
Less than an hour later, some Keller cheerleaders took the pizza to fossil-rich sponsor, claiming that fossil-rich cheerleaders had doctored the pizza with feces.
The feces of the species.
Yeah, which species?
We don't know and I don't want to fight out.
After questioning four care, oh geez, after questioning four Keller cheerleaders cheerleaders were sent home cheerleaders and parents told the four words start telegram for story in Thursday's editions.
Kind of reminds me of Debbie, uh, does it in Dallas?
Maybe she did a doose.
Maybe she was a doosey bag.
Federal laws borrow officials from discussing the girls discipline, but such an incident would be considered serious misconduct, if it spoke from Jason Myrchold, the newspaper.
He said punishment could include sending the girls to the districts disciplinary alternative high school and removing them from the team.
You go now.
Are they after the pizza prank?
Or they should, they should have called it the caper.
Yeah, I like that.
Caper pizza caper.
And they probably would like capers better under pizza as opposed to.
But they after other color chimneys of apologize, they're mental into the fossil red squad of a apology.
At least they put a showpiece on there.
Oh God, I'll prefer the whatever.
Oh, no.
Oh, look at that in Burma.
The United States Congress next week will renew our sanctions.
Did you see the little two year old kid that got shot in the head because it was crying too much in Cambodia?
Uh, no.
You didn't see that story?
No.
Yeah, he was crying too much so, but I've been.
Yeah, when it comes to it, it's really beautiful.
Real writers, real writers, it's amazing.
4th video, 560.
You make it.
Cheers on 560.
Q8M.
We're back with one of our favorite people, Tom Cruise.
But first, let's get to something next.
A little more serious.
Sure.
Okay, what happened with the guy who made charges about having a relationship with you though?
Where we are now is a really beautiful, beautiful place.
Madly in love.
Come on.
Oh, yeah.
I know what he wants.
I know I know what a delicately had to play his stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
I get it.
What's important to me is casual sex, no kidding.
And the pornography and all that kind of stuff that's accessible on the internet.
You know, I'm sure you have that.
Absolutely.
Yes.
I love stuff like that.
Right back with Tom Cruise after that.
He's got you very.
Love him 45.
You know, it's like they had a press conference to announce that they're going to get married.
It's just like when Bert Reynolds had a press conference and what's his name?
Tom Sullich had a press conference to announce that they're not gay.
Yeah.
I got news for you.
Let me say it for the eight minutes time.
Anybody who holds a press conference to tell them whether they're not gay.
Guess what?
You're...
Oh, God.
Or you're a...
That's it.
That was a Freudian slip there.
You see that?
No, I didn't have to have a press conference.
To announce that you worked.
No, I didn't.
Let's say the bride to be is guilty and Manchester and Hampshire and that means the wedding is on.
A Manchester couple June 29th wedding seemed to doubt after the one was charged with assaulting
her fiance last month.
This is even worse than the one away bride.
The bug-eyed runaway bride.
Oh, I said we got to tonight by the way.
And NBC does anybody care?
Oh.
The runaway bride.
On what?
On fire?
On fire.
Hopefully.
Wouldn't that be great?
I'll definitely...
I'll definitely run that.
I'm Zulik.
Quickly reconciled by Jagger's bail, conditions barter from going with 100 yards of her fiance
and Jagger refused to lift the restriction.
But Zulik said...
As Zulik said, his fiance played in no contest to symbol the soul Wednesday.
Effectively, ending the restriction and clearing the way for their wedding.
She was found guilty and got a suspended assentance.
Zulik said he's glad the incident is behind the couple but doesn't believe his fiance
should have been charged.
He said he wasn't injured and didn't consider himself a victim.
Jagger, whatever name is, was charged with a pedally punching Zulik on May 29th at their
home.
She was beaten on him.
Well, what it was.
One more thing on Terry Shavo and her...
She would know that.
Just like you know us, we haven't mentioned what's his name today.
Don't say it.
All right.
Don't.
Bloomington, Minnesota, the family of Terry Shavo wants to know what caused her heart to
temporarily stop beating in 1990, causing the monumental brain damage that Zulik was
case to divide into the nation.
Our family doesn't understand what led to Terry's collapse at Suzanne Fittedammel on Thursday.
The first day of the National Right to Life Annual Convention in Bloomington, that's
where they are.
Terry's relives will be speaking at an anti-abortion convention.
Does this give you a little bit better insight into these symbols?
Not that we didn't already know this, but doesn't this kind of like underscore an underlying?
Right.
And they sure ain't fine.
Fittedammel read a short statement from members of Shavo's family, where her parents and
brother Bobby Schindler looked on.
Fittedammel did not take questions from reporters, of course.
She said an autopsy on her sister's body released Wednesday showed no evidence of bulimia,
and eating the sword that can lethally disrupt body chemistry, and eating the sword
that had been one theory for why the then 26 year old woman collapsed.
Fittedammel said there was also an evidence that Terry wanted to die of dehydration.
And yada yada yada, and a whole bunch of stuff about fetuses and embryos and stem cells,
all this other crap.
Like that.
Let's be in a crazy religious nuts.
Now what's the story?
Is your phone still out?
Yes.
Let the phone itself just our ability to do anything with it.
Well, that's what I mean.
No dots.
Correct.
Well, I tell you one thing.
You sure know you got no dots.
That is, see that's what we're trying to do is connect the dots, but it's kind of
hard to do when you got no dots.
Yeah, it's easier to disconnect the dots.
Right.
Yep.
Sure, just so we got less of an idea.
He's used to say just nano it.
I'm saying credible or what?
So you got no dots.
So even you can't put your money cause right off.
That sure puts the onus on my fat ass.
I think this is some kind of a commie pinco plot if you asked me.
Better sharpen up that.
You make it.
Faster and really worked that last day.
We're at life.
Surprise.
We could play like a whole middle of bits, you know what?
Just the mode bits.
Oh, yeah.
The car office.
Condoleezza.
Anyway, speaking of crazy religious nuts.
Pittsburgh.
Some may see it as a sign to call a plumber, but a Pittsburgh man sees the divine.
And we're not talking about Andy divine either.
Plunkier magic trying her for a key.
Jeffrey legal 30.
About 30 man.
An internet worker engineer.
Internet.
What does it say?
Internet network engineer is auctioning off a piece of water stained plaster from his
bathroom that he says looks like an image of Jesus Christ.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Maybe Jesus needed to do a doose.
He could write what?
You don't think Jesus had like a bodily.
He's like that.
Actually, I mean, he was eating that last theater as the last right there.
All that I was dressed.
Come out.
I'm sure it didn't stink though.
No, of course.
Right.
My show opened and wind up on some of these pizza and I better float it on the water.
Okay.
It would look good in the punchball.
Maybe that's what we'll find it in the punchball.
Oh my God.
Jesus Christ.
Look at that thing.
Rigo says he saw the image when he stepped out of his shower Saturday evening.
I got out of the shower and yelled, Jesus Christ.
Rigo told the Pittsburgh Tribune University of Public yesterday.
My girlfriend asked me, oh my God.
What is it?
I pointed and responded, no, Jesus Christ.
Rigo was seeking at least $1999 and 99 cents for the water stained piece of plaster.
He's dubbed shower Jesus on an online auction website eBay.
Shower Jesus.
Isn't that great?
How about toilet Jesus?
By the way, I got my God's back.
I don't know.
Okay.
I got nothing.
Rigo who isn't religious and doesn't believe the images aside from God said he's approaching
the auction lightheartedly.
The entire auction and his proceedings are not meant to be taken seriously.
Rigo said in the email interview, there's no hidden agenda here.
No religious or political commentary to be derived.
He just wants some money.
Using a rotary tool, Rigo cut out the section of plaster and found the water leak.
Then he made a box filled with plaster and placed the shower Jesus inside the dry.
As it yesterday, there was one bed.
The auction ends next Tuesday night.
See if it's a hot by eBay and gets your shower Jesus before somebody else grabs it for you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 are pulled today, which we haven't talked about much because we got
this phone situation ongoing and here it is almost noon.
Do we have it solved yet?
Do we have it fixed?
Do we have any idea what's going on there?
No.
Probably not.
I thought you said that Steph had his finger on it.
Yeah, he made the call and you know, and that was that.
That was that.
260 votes.
Somebody used to hate but now you like a lot.
Georgia, Rodriguez 45, Bill Clinton 41, Mohawi David and 32.
Nice going, Mohawi.
Something I haven't even scheduled there.
Post-bought until almost noon, given it out because I'm so embarrassed.
Okay.
What we got the Mohman at 2.
After that, you don't want to know.
Four o'clock for the mad dog.
It's.
Oh my God.
And if that doesn't lead us into a downhill slide fast enough at seven o'clock till 9
30 before the Marlin game, we've got Lenny Martez.
Oh my God.
Holy moly, Ratman.
Marlin's got a decade, 9 30.
32.
I got 26.
Yeldies got 23.
Somebody used to hate but like a lot now.
Fury, spring or 19.
How it's turned 19.
Bill Marr 14.
Keith Overman 10.
Tom Jones 10.
David Brock 8.
Can't tell you what he ate.
Chris Rock 6.
Humphrey Bogart 4.
Rich Waltz has got a pair which means very jackass and his mother both voted.
And the judge duties got one.
Where that grotesque plume.
So you want to punch up a collar to or what?
Sure.
You're here.
Yeah, you can go.
Oh, yeah.
I'll buy the tape.
The real thing.
QA Malo.
Hey, George.
Hey.
Hey, I guess if Neil's going to be playing some bitch today, I know he hates your quest.
But could I make one?
And if he get to it?
Why don't you say I hate requests if it kills him good time day?
Why would I hate it?
Well, because normally you tell him you don't let him know you don't want us going
your show.
I'm going to show a whole show in about you know.
Yeah, all right.
Well, if you get around to it, could you play eight sounds that are great?
Eight sounds that are great.
The classic.
Yeah.
What was like this?
Thank you.
Long too.
Welcome.
Yes.
Yes.
Eight sounds that you hate.
But I'm in it.
And I think they're really great.
I doubt that you can't handle one or two.
Much less or eight.
Eight sounds that you hate.
The men from the boys, they will surely separate.
I tell you what they are.
Guaranteed, you'll go, yeah.
I like fingernails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck, score their knuckles.
And when I run star, I will fall together.
That just makes me shut the wall.
Eight sounds you can't stand.
But you can tolerate it if you are half the man I am.
And to the list of eight, I'll fork in a knife,
scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping in my head.
Here's what I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback in my head for you.
Oh yeah, that's more like it.
Little more, little more over there, little more.
Yeah!
Eight sounds so unique.
Now let's review so you can really, really free.
Trigger nails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck, score their knuckles.
Rub his thigh, we're falling together.
And the chords it makes me shut the wall.
I like when new sneakers on a gym floor,
raising in a movement of windows,
when a guest is drilling my mold.
That makes me very big old.
My boy singing on his record.
You tetsules on five chit-a.
If these have give you the shivers,
that makes you a whiner.
Hey, you've got nuts that someone might stand fork like this.
But I love it.
Here, I'll do it again.
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping window I cracked my neck?
Stop where you went, stop where you went.
Oh wait, I got one more.
When it comes to sports, we have the authority.
Suppose we yield by sixty-eight.
Morgan is the twelve to one hour on Q8M.
80 Ways We Can't Say
In addition to the box-lowns, that choice could go away.
But we can still say it.
Though I suppose to move a little bit since that's what she is.
Because there's no fixed.
80 Ways We Can't Say
Like f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f
I will say, go, go, go, go, go... I never said, go, go, go, go, go, go, go... Look at this. A CNN.
So appealing to the youth vote. She's an international correspondence.
Christian Amon for Troi's... You see what I'm saying? They must have a cost-reigning thing going on.
Barbeque.
Mary.
would or if she disappeared, thank the Lord, she has more time to pray now. And Bill Humpert,
that was his last morning this morning, by Bill, you ferry. And I think I'm more of
the CNN International crap on it. There's Christian Amanpur without nasty Babushka
that's my to honor, have whatever that thing is. You're going to love this story. All right.
It's about talking about what you're going to Walmart story in a little bit in a couple
minutes, but this is even better than that. All right. An organization that you despise,
Peter, should I get, uh, Peter? Yeah, I had them all cute. Oh, sorry. Well, I was going
to give you a little clue. And by the way, here's a clue to Fonsan homework. A shokki,
a husky, how do you say that? A husky in North Carolina? Oh, husky. A husky. Okay. Two
employees of people for the ethical treatment of animals, Peter, have been charged with
animal cruelty after dumping dead dogs and cats on the shopping center garbage been
police said. Investigators staked out the bin after discovering that dead animals had
been dumped there every Wednesday for the past four weeks. A husky police said, and
it prepared statement yesterday. Peter has scheduled a news conference today in North
Africa, Virginia, but the group is based police found 18 dead animals in the bin and 13
more in a van registered to Peter. The animals were from animal shelters in North Hampton
and Broody counties. Police said, you know, those places are good. The two were picking
up animals. We brought back to Peter headquarters for a euphemization. Peter president,
Ingrid, New Kirk said yesterday, neither police nor Peter offered any theory, and why the
animals might have been dumped police charge. Andro Benjamin Cook, 24 of Virginia Beach,
Virginia, and Adrian Joy Henkel, 27 in North Virginia, each with 31 felony counts of animal
cruelty and eight Mr. Meener counts of illegal disposal of the animals. They were released
on bond after initial court they were said today. Henkel has been suspended, but Cook
continues to work for Peter. New Kirk said she said she doubted Henkel had ever been
cruel to the animal and said if the animals were placed in the bin, we would be appalled.
Well, guess what? Maybe the cops put him there to set him up, not. That's right. It's
a conspiracy. Yeah, I doubted. Piper Crids, Fonies, Fonie, Baloney. I have a feeling this
phone thing ain't going to work by two o'clock today. I could be wrong about that. Oh, yeah,
I think you're right. Why do you say that? It's just one of those feelings. Feels like this.
The feelings are sad, tragic, on this day of all days. And it just says the same thing on
here. I mean, I'm not going to continue rebooting and trend stuff on this end because it's on
the ass end. It's right there. It's where the audience knows they could probably come in there
and fix it. Flick a switch, Yanka Corden, something Booger, or just Yanka.
Shoot! 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See the poll, what did I tend to be before the show did? This
poll wasn't going to go like get a really big response from it. Of course, it's Friday and
everybody's not gone anywhere, but that is fine. It's fine. We can't take any calls for them
mad. You know what? Right. Well, what do you mean we can't take any calls? You know, you don't take
as many this way. No, of course not. Because every call is like a major production this way,
but it will, but about then we're both saying hello and you're punks in a bunch. And then they,
hello. Hello. QA. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I heard something about Tommy Hutt.
I just wanted to clear it up. I heard that you and him got it on. Yeah, okay, great.
As a matter of fact, it's interesting that he, we were going to have a little play by play on that.
I can't find it. What a shame. Where the hell is that? Probably would have been great, too.
It would have been sensational, but this kill, oh, here it is. Moe is going to say,
it's time to get it on. Okay. It was almost worth it. I killed at least another 40 seconds.
That's all it matters. Yeah, that was a whisper in guy, by the way.
This hormone is for us. Let's touch up another one. QA. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I just called the door, door, door guy yesterday and I did the door for 33 seconds.
I don't know. I heard the problem. Yeah, it was a good one, huh?
Yeah, but you took a breath. That's cheating. Yeah, I mean, we're going to do a little practice,
do a little breathing exercise. I had to come up from the bone guys. I mean, come on.
That's what I heard about, so I remember you. This is what it takes you.
Okay, nice job, Pali. What do you say? Huh? Are you not going to sky? No, no, he was great.
One of your people, if you talk nice to me, will bring you some crap over a little bit later on.
What kind of crap? Some shit on a pizza? Some good shmit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon, sing it a redness line.
Let's just jam an azillion calls between now and two o'clock, although I have a significant pile.
Is this important?
Yeah.
That was very important.
Very important. They trust me.
Oh, look at that. Associate producer was currently not connected with surveys. Just pop the
began. See, whatever they're doing down there, they're fiddling their diddling because it's
it's not connected on that end, right? You're not connected with anybody. Your
cords are hanging out, but they're not connected anything. You're reaching out toward the sky,
but nobody is listening. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the horizon, sing it a redness line.
QA and hello. They're there. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, George. Neil?
Neil? Yep.
Yes, but I want to, can we buy any of your bits you haven't available on the Internet?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I hear you clicking it often, so I click it. What do you mean?
Another word that took you the Q from hearing you click it.
Oh, am I doing that? Good. Yeah, yeah, you did. I'm doing a reflex action. I'm hitting the button,
even though it's not doing anything. And I think just popped up again.
Hey, I know it's not connected with your row. Okay, now they're like rubbing it in now.
It's almost like it's going to have a commie pinco plot.
Jesus. Let me get rid of that. Okay, I got rid of it. Little pop up again.
I'm sure. Okay, let's take another call. QA and hello.
Hello, Wayne request line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, are you doing? Hey, I'm going to say something about the poll. I was going to say,
um, somebody that I used to, I don't know if they're year on there or not, but don't take this in a
long way. I'm not being a smart out. I used to disagree with you on just about everything.
And I was listening to a lot in this. Terry Shival. Yeah, there's a lot of
I know that I'm not a Democrat or a Republican. I guess the way it is. And if you've got any
conscience at all, you've got to vote Democrat and split the balance of power.
This country needs to be split. You can't have one one segment of the country dictating the kind of
power that these people have. And I'm telling you, I know a lot of them in my life, my family.
And there's a lot of nut jobs out there. And it put people in a mean world, but man,
God help us out of their rule in the universe. I don't think they're good people or they mean
well, but nevertheless, you know, I know. I know, and I at least the ones that I do, I know a lot of
people, but like I said, I disagree with you. I'm a lot of stuff on Iraq. I disagree with you,
but there's absolutely no way anybody with a conscience can look at what's happening with the balance
of power the way it is in this country and say this is healthy or this is good. And I'm not
I'm a before-year-old next year. I've never voted Democrat in my life and I'm going to
in 2000 and so I go vote around. I got 27 votes. I'm already on it. As soon as you started
and said about, well, you know, he disagrees with me or you're a saddled. You can disagree with
the war. I mean, maybe you want to see like 5,000 dead Americans or 10,000 or like 400,000
dead Iraqis. I mean, it's just, well, what's the point? It's all based on as we all know now.
A pack of life. That's okay. Yeah, but look at all the terrorism it's reducing.
Oh, there's no question about that. Look at how common peaceful it is over there now.
And how much more they love us now that we've attacked. Let's see. Here's a facts you just sent
me from Arkham Hellenel Beach who says, one for the pool, old dirty bastard. Old dirty.
But third man. They call it. I couldn't stand him and didn't listen to any of his music. However,
when you start playing. But third man. I gave him a shot. Although I'm not new with music when he was
with Wu Tang clan, I find much of his solo materials pretty damn good. My favorite cut off his
and a please album is I want some blank. Yeah. Some joy. Hi. I want some joy. Thanks for returning me
on the old dirty and I feel if you could please play a tribute to the man before vacation.
Oh, I see once you're a little bit. Maybe play that song he's talking about.
Yeah. Every time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You play it on Monday. All right. I will. Yeah. I bet you will.
An old dirty black. Uh-huh. I'm trying. I'm throwing her in front of my party and puffy.
Yeah. Stuck. So there it is. So let's add that on her. Let's get old dirty on there.
Yes. All right. Let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Oh, man.
Is it a doc B P. C. Marina or D inlet? Oh, man. Is it a hundred dollars question?
You're kidding me, right? This is a hundred dollars.
For the first time in a row.
This ain't a million dollar question. This is the first one.
Only for a hundred dollars. Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a lifeline? Yeah. I wonder what I got. What do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience the 50-50 and the phone of friend.
That's the audience. Now, too many white people in here.
They're 50-50 and going to help me. Oh, you know, I'm going to phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing the nursery ride.
Yeah. All right. Who are we going to call, puppy?
Oh, my boy. Old dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty. We're gone.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you.
Yo. Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Registra Filman from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you?
I got your friend here. Puff daddy.
Yo, dirty was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Old was that.
Old dirty.
Puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question.
Hey, the first time.
First question and the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now.
Why?
You know, dirty finish this off for me.
All right.
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory.
Blank.
Is it a doc B P.
A C.
Marino or D.
In the air.
Oh, come on, man.
I don't got much time.
Yeah, I know this man.
I know it.
I see his.
P. You sure?
About 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
Hey, man.
Times up.
Old dirty said P.
Yeah.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Want to pull the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
I actually know there's only three lifelines
of yours.
One you have two lifelines.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc.
It's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got $100.
Run you, run you, wife.
Run, run.
Don't run.
Run, run.
So there you go.
He loves old dirty because he says,
Doc, turn him in.
Oh, what's the problem, officer?
The boy from the vehicle.
My question, how the boy is safe?
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt,
you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority
to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now.
So click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this.
They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection
in the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Herpes and fighting.
But be anoint your others.
So under Patriot Act 2,
eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area
will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that the law.
The law.
The law.
It's the law.
The Middle Eastern world.
Will be exploded to domic people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time a pressurization
and the only one that's going
now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The no-fair trophy man's love
for right wing is drilling it over
and over into our hips.
That iraq has some
weapons of mass destruction.
On time on the air,
3,000 people killed.
Our not forgotten,
let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of
the name in Lawden.
But no one seems concerned
all of the incompletions
will leave in every word
of this cartel administration
that controls us by fear
through the end manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it
over and over and over
and over and over and over.
That iraq has some
weapons of mass destruction.
The law of civil rights is the
right that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ice cropped in sand.
I have nothing to hide.
Table partners all are saying.
But I know,
media channels don't have
any reservations.
That would have provoked
that a lot.
And we're all going to be
world annihilation.
Old regime must fall
in hell of virgin and so
with no objection at all.
Till the craft don't have the
fall and the right wing is
drilling it over and over
and over and over.
The rain was fed
by raq has some
weapons of
mass destruction
of life.
Only raq has some
weapons of
mass destruction.
Okay, that was my request.
That's why I did it too.
Must have killed an emigrant for a nice
long break there.
Nancy Reagan is poised.
We're quite interested in these
sentence embryonic stem cell
debate and much the same role she
played during the fierce fight in the
house calling up wavering lawmakers
to help in passage was just like
in the shadow of president Bush's
veto threat.
His flat earth anti science veto
threat.
This is a very important issue to
her and I know she remains committed
to the cause and we'll do what
she can at the right time.
Responsible men.
You and Drake said in every
yesterday.
I'm getting choked up about it.
Douglas Wick, the Hollywood
producer of steady persuaded
president Reagan's will to speak
out on issue agreed.
Certainly when the Senate
fight becomes clear she'll get
involved again.
He said his father Charles was
director of the US
information agency during the
Reagan administration.
She prefer to work behind the
scenes as opposed to her ballet
dancing son.
The one of son MSNBC every day.
Yeah, that's how desperate
they are.
That's why nobody's watching
MSNBC.
They got the bow tie guy on
air.
You forgot the ballet dancer
on air.
Brother.
And there's nobody watching
I can't imagine why.
Can you love this?
Folding is really
frothed in my eyes.
This couldn't possibly I
mean what a what a sad way.
You know, to say farewell
for a few days not like for
the whole summer.
But it's just kind of like
I feel like I've been had
the audience removed for me.
You know, I've lost
contact kind of like when I
played that while your
window is open bit.
You lost touch deal.
I've lost touch for the
audience.
Well, touch this.
Days after a young boy
died on a space ride
at Walt Disney World,
the California Supreme
Court opened a new avenue
to sue Disney and other
theme park operators ruling
that the parks have
a duty to keep customers
safe.
Even when they seek the
thrill of danger, the
ruling released yesterday
was a victory for the
family of the 23 year old
Spanish women suffered
a fatal brain injury
aboard the Indiana Jones
ride during your
2009 Mona Disney Land
in Southern California.
The court said the
family could sue
Walt Disney Company
under her state law
usually applied to
transportation companies.
Disney declined to come
in on the ruling case
not returns to L.A.
Superior Court for trial.
Go get them.
The decision comes
days after a four-year-old
boy died of an eye.
I haven't played the
endos in a long time.
You know what?
What what?
Well, any of those
Mickey Mouse bits.
Oh, no, you have
it. They're nice and
long, too.
Yeah, but there's one
of them.
I don't think we can
play the one we
talked about is I don't
even know what the
hell those are called.
Mickey, nice.
Mickey, nice.
Mickey, nice.
Yeah, there's always
this one.
Myzner, Mr. Mouse,
what the hell are you
doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading
in the paper?
You're going to
put a Disney theme park
in Brooklyn.
Well, sir, we're just
scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting
CEOs.
You are killing me.
But sir, who we've
done with New York
City Times Square
for an eye-con street.
Hang on.
Raymond.
Raymond.
Put it off
the vacuum.
You'll play the
ravens.
Get that blue bird
on it here.
I, sir, look
when we don't
admit that man had
40 second street is
incredible.
I don't want
public playing.
I support it.
But you took all the
point away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through
Gavoscow like
kids.
We're just scouting
areas calm.
I want to meet
but much.
Don't tell me to calm
down.
We got lucky with
Lee Rowan's
history.
The
Korean
rock
I think they are
right?
I make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in fiction.
Now we have the new M Night Shummon movie coming out later this summer.
Ah, that's fine.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You got to start swinging some of these titles, past me.
Please.
Remus.
Remus.
I know you can't hear me, Remus.
You still run on the market, Peter.
You don't love us, don't run on the market.
Get out of here, Remus.
And take that blue-white window.
All right.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done.
I'll put hair on the store.
I'm in your job.
But sir, I'm here.
You're terrible.
I'm sorry.
Baby, I put limits in there.
I don't like to be present in a Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
20,000,000 entrances.
What you've got to see is the biggest personnel
who could go to NeoRodges.
I'll be decent to sports radio fights.
QAM.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Now here's NeoRodgers on 560 Q8M.
It's the most amazing day.
It's the most amazing day.
It's the most amazing day.
I just want you to enjoy.
You will see these.
Yeah, the way you enjoy.
Take this, don't move me.
You'll see me enjoying.
You're enjoying the story.
Oh, no.
But the story is the most amazing day.
It's the most amazing.
I think you'll be interested in your gun stories.
And it's the most amazing day.
You'll be interested in your gun stories.
You'll be interested in your gun stories.
You'll be interested in your gun stories.
You'll be interested in your gun stories.
You'll be interested in your gun stories.
This is your gun stories.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I don't know.
I don't want to suggest I don't believe this.
I just find so grotesque.
I found so grotesque.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that.
The showings' stash was found last month and 63-year-old Schwartz millers Holman-San Jose.
If one tenth of these numbers are after, we're looking at hundreds of victims in a number of states.
The reason we want to tell the world about this is because we believe he's been involved in child molestations at a number of countries.
The lists are written in loopy curves cursive on 131600 pages and seven multi-colored spiral-bound notebooks.
paintings for the logs include blonde boys, cute boys, and boys who say no.
Lisa Thornberg, who lives two doors down from Shorthmode, says she's been suspicious for months.
Ever since her nine and six-year-old son came home with treats, that Shorthmode purchased
for them from an ice cream truck.
After that, I told them they could ride bikes past his house, but could not go inside
ever," Thornberg said.
One of the chances of two people like this living on your block.
Shorthmode was based, stuck, or ranches, a ten-minute walk from at least two elementary schools.
The front door was plastered with eviction notices in the landlord yesterday.
Half closed blinds revealed that home office and floor was littered with power cords.
Computer met manuals, printers, minila envelopes, and a bottle of tequila.
Authority saws arrested Shorthmode's roommate, another convicted child molester, who was
wanted to provide any parole and oragon, Fred Eberts, was charged with child molestation
San Jose.
Shorthmode was being held with an out bail on one kind of aggravated sexual assault in
a child and six counts of ludicrous conduct in the child with each kind of alleged multiple
victims.
He was arrested in Washington State last month and San Jose on June 7th.
A message that was public defender was not returned yesterday.
It's a shocking to me as to use it, Sergeant Tom Simms, a supervisor of the Department's
Child Explorations Division, I have never seen anything like this.
Although poorly-synced, what's been or appears to have spent much of the past 30 years.
The third man in California has been arrested on child molestation charges in New York.
Our consultant, Washington, he also served prison time at 9.04.
For child molestation in the late 70s and is wanted orgon on sexual assault charges
involving a minor.
In the 80s while living in Bratville, he was actually then back to Idaho to serve more time.
Police believe he may have victims in Bratville and Mexico, but who's counting?
How many are like that?
36,000.
36,000.
Wow.
I'm looking at my phone here and it looks awful.
Is there any kind of like, there are no calls, anyway, so don't kill back.
Oh, well, would there be?
Exactly.
All I have to do is see if we're going to take some and then they'll start calling again.
I don't want to do that.
It's just, I don't know, it's just cumbersome and awkward and I don't know.
And difficult.
It doesn't work their well for me.
This is what I'm trying to say.
Because this, like I said, maybe during my vacation this thing, one day I'll come in
here and like, bang, there'll be.
Right.
You think?
Nope.
Or not, as the case may be.
Blind man accused of shooting at wife and daughters.
A man whose relative is described as legally blind was charged with attempted murder after
allegedly shooting at his wife and daughter official say.
My bad, that grandfather, DeSanford 66 of Baker was held about upon last night.
Baker, where in hell is that?
I don't know.
It's an extremely, well, we'll find out in a second here.
It's an extreme case that Okalusa County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Catherine Dokeye.
I wonder if he's kind of a married butch Dokeye or Okie Dokeye.
Right?
Or Bob Sheeper?
Okalusa County.
But that sounds like my kind of place.
Not.
Sanford's wife told their buddies that she came out of the bathroom to find her husband,
armed with a gun and threatening kill her and himself.
Sanford fired at her and then the couple's daughter who had walked into the room according
to the arrest report.
Sanford's daughter right inside but Sanford reportedly continued firing at the bastard
in the room.
This is wife had locked.
The deputy grabbed Sanford from behind after he kicked in the bathroom door according
to the arrest report.
He was saying, here is Johnny.
Family members told deputies that Sanford is legally blind.
Thank goodness and has a mental illness.
Neither Sanford's wife or daughter was injured.
That's why I said thank God he's blind because otherwise it feels.
You know San?
Right.
It would be bad to get shot and killed by a blind man.
That would be bad.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Anything going on there just to give me a hint of the lines we can know.
Yeah what I'm talking about.
What a take away.
No I know there's certainly nothing going on in terms of this phone situation.
Probably the engineers went out to lunch.
Probably having some pizza with some of the special on it.
Right.
Let's punch one up.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Like I said, push another one.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey what is going to be?
What's going to happen when hockey comes back?
Do you think that this whole lockout and everything is going to bring more publicity to
any challenge?
Oh yeah bring more publicity.
Yeah.
That's always really good.
Bring more publicity.
No.
Of course not.
What do you mean the attendance is going to be the first chances long game when they come back?
Week.
Week.
No that's 20,000.
It'll be week.
Six feet under toward NHL is.
Good luck to you Pally.
Hi.
Nobody cares.
Don't you understand?
Nobody cares.
You can't complain about that.
And all these experts here are saying, well when the league gets going again, the Florida
Panthers are going to be really great because they got all these young prospects.
The youngsters in the organization, which some people have been hearing for a lot of years.
Of course they don't care and they don't know from it.
And they have no ideas on the team anyway.
20 till 1 a.k.y.
And we've got a lineup today, man, and even Hitler would be in Bear's Bar.
When it comes to it, it's real blood.
It's real blood.
It's 40 or 5.60.
She went here.
Good session with Hope.
Hey, you daddy.
Daddy, you suck me.
My short.
I'm getting it.
There's two things I know.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I look back on my pants.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
I love it more.
Life and hell man, are you here?
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To deserve all I'll give you more.
And what if life is in that night?
Daddy, you smell like deer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't only have a father.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some silver?
Hey, how about a dose for the bride and groom?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Daddy, that's my ass.
I think I have sickle.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
Daddy, I'm a lesbian.
I can't believe that nobody requested that.
And now they're fathers.
Leave it to me.
Here's a fascist from Robin for myers.
He says, put this on your pool.
Neil Diamond, which I only can say.
Oh, man, sorry about that.
Robin, if any of you looking for myers,
it'll probably affect your mind.
I'm sure there's a real good reason.
What is that?
I don't know.
Maybe he likes that.
Cracklin' Rosie.
What is that?
I can't say that.
He makes me want to just do all I want.
Anyway, I don't think we need to bother Tram and anymore.
It doesn't work for me unless I get my dots back.
I don't know how you feel.
I hate the high school.
I have great doubt about my dots.
It's out of sync.
I'd rather be in sync than out of sync.
And it just doesn't work for me.
In addition to what they last hockey call,
that's just going to set me back about 20-30 years.
Don't you people get it?
You silly hockey people.
Nobody cares.
Even here, people are going about their lives.
Nobody cares.
Even here, even in hockey.
You're having the hotbed in hockey.
The man who started the play got this good war.
The NBA could break them.
But we all praise.
It was good.
There you go.
So that's it.
That's our hockey for today.
That's enough.
More than enough.
I mean, nobody knows from it there in the first place.
Nobody ever talks about it.
Nobody cares about it.
The worst thing I ever did in my life in our college was profusely.
Was those hockey shows that led into a bi-old cheap ass rumor.
Me.
And Georgia course went along with them.
That's right.
On the remember call.
Whatever remember told you to call a dinosaur.
Call up this one.
Call you all my world.
How's the ball?
How's the ball?
All those meals that he bought from me.
That's right.
All those meals.
That's right.
But then according to the only the females in the studio,
how about all the females that he scanned off the Jeff over there in the pizza lot?
In fact, that's why I told him as soon as I found out where he bought that house.
He bought a house right across the street from the pizza lot in Davy before we left town.
You don't know that, don't you?
Right.
I need the reason he did that is because it wouldn't be far from the females.
It's not.
Okay.
Mark getting away from him.
Priest faces sex assault charges.
This isn't Canada, eh?
Just to let you know that you're not alone.
A 55 year old Roman Catholic priest from London, Ontario has been charged with sexual offenses
involving two young boys.
What a shock.
The Norfolk County detachment of the Ontario provincial police made the arrest,
stemming from complaints of two young males, who say they were sexually assaulted at a port over parish
between 1995 and 2000.
The boys were between 12 and 18 at the time.
Charged with two counsel sexual assault, two counsel sexual exploitation, one kind of sexual interference
and one kind of sexual touching is constant, constant, conny, prisvusky, 55 of London.
The accused was a priest at St. C.D.
Church in Port Delward at the time of the offenses.
He scheduled a parent court in Simcoh on July 26th.
And guess what?
The investigation it says is continuing.
I thought it was just kind of like an American thing.
Is that what they were trying to say?
And the American media blowing it all up out of proportion?
Is that what the Vatican was saying?
Is that give us a pack of life?
So these things just continue popping up all over the place.
Now this is an article, I don't know from the BBC that I find really interesting.
Maybe you might and maybe not.
All right, we'll see.
If you went back in time and met your teenage parents, you could not split them up and prevent your birth
even if you wanted to do a new quantum model has stated.
Researches speculate that time travel can occur with a kind of a feedback loop
where backwards movement is possible, but only in a way that is contemporary to the present.
In other words, you can pop back and tap and have a look around, but you can't do anything that will alter the present you left behind.
Right?
A new model which uses the laws of quantum mechanics gets rid of the famous paradox surrounding time travel.
Where's James Deren when we need him?
Although the laws of physics seem to permit temporal gymnastics, the concept is laden with uncomfortable contradictions.
The main headache stems from the idea that if you went back in time, you could theoretically do something to change the present,
and that possibility messes up the whole theory of time travel.
Clearly, the present never is changed by mischievous time travelers.
People don't suddenly fade into the ether because the rerun of events has prevented their births.
That much is obvious.
So either time travel is not possible, or something is actually acting to prevent any backward movement from changing the present.
For most of us, the former option might seem most likely, but Einstein's general theory of relativity leads some physicists to suspect a ladder.
According to Einstein's, FaceTime can curve back on itself, theoretically allowing travelers to double back and meet younger versions of themselves.
And now a team of physicists from the US and Austria says this situation can only be the case if there are physical constraints acting to protect the present from changes in the past.
Makes sense to me.
Of course.
The researchers say these concern, I mean what an intellectual article this is for a dumb show like this.
Yeah, but it's all pretty.
The researchers say these constraints exist because of the weird laws of quantum mechanics, even though traditionally they don't confront for backwards movement in time.
Quantum behavior is governed by probabilities.
Before something has actually been observed, there are a number of possibilities regarding its state.
But once its state has been measured, those possibilities shrink to one.
Uncertainly is eliminated.
So if you know the present, you can't change it.
If for example, you know that your father is alive today, the laws of the quantum universe state that there is no possibility of him being killed in the past.
It's as if in some strange way the present takes account of all the possible roots back into the past.
And because your father certainly is alive, none of the roots back impossibly lead to his death.
Quantum mechanics distinguishes between something that might happen and something that did happen.
Professor Dan Greenberger of the City University of New York told the BBC News website.
If we don't know your father is alive right now, if there's only a 90% chance he is alive right now, there's a chance that you can go back and kill him.
But if you know he's alive, there's no chance you can kill him.
Well they're wrong.
Well, how about if I give it a shot?
Well, that's where he's not alive.
And then you can't go back in the past and show your father because then you never would have been dead.
I understand.
That's what I'm reading this whole article here, Mr. White, you're repeating it.
I'm kind of a moron just because I know what they said.
They disagree.
Poser, spaker.
In other words, even if you let me finish, it says, but if you know he's alive, there is no chance you can kill him.
In other words, even if you take even the fact that he's not going to be able to kill your father.
So long as you know he's happily sitting in his chair when you leave him in the present, you can be sure that something will print you from murdering him in the past.
It's as if it's already happened.
You go back to kill your father, but you'd arrive after he left the room, you wouldn't find him or you'd change your mindset for Professor Greenberger.
You wouldn't be able to kill him because the very fact that he's alive today is going to conspare against you so that you'll never end up taking the path that he did kill.
So they make money coming up with this hogwash.
Are they making money with this crocker?
I'm sure that somebody has some foundation, some organization, some bunch of elunatics, probably a lot of Jews and a couple of goyms.
How could I get into that?
I could make up a bunch of stuff too.
Passengers to NCL for $100 million over Rogue Wave.
The Miami Attorney representing passengers of a ship that was struck by a Rogue Wave in April blamed Norwegian Cruise Line for endangering everybody on board in order to get the ship back in the port and time for an appearance on Donald Trump's TV show The Apprentice.
Remember that story?
Yep.
Attorney Brett Riddken, said yesterday he has almost 300 plaintiffs in a suit filed in the US District Court in Miami that seeking damages of $100 million.
NCL disputes claims that the ship was rushing home for a chance to be on the television show.
The lawsuit claims the Norwegian Dawn, which carried more than 2,000 people in April 16, the morning was struck by a wave estimated at 70 feet, purposely sailed into bad weather to get back to New York in time to appear on the hit NBC series.
Many of the passengers were not told about the itinerary change until actor board in the ship says, Riddken.
I wonder if he's kin to Cheryl Riddken.
I'll go check.
Or the judge.
Roseanne Hughes, a passenger named in the suit, said it was her first vacation since the death of her husband who was in one of the World Trade Center buildings on 9-11.
I truly believe the captain intentionally took his head to the storm.
She said, I thought we were going to die.
The large wave cracked into the ship during a storm in which 20 to 30 foot wave were common.
Several windows near the top deck of the ship broke and water filled dozens of passenger rooms, but there were no serious injuries.
I'm sure it was just only blind luck when you think.
Right. Wild luck.
We have no luck on the phone thing because I don't see no dots.
Nope. And dots very disturbing to me.
Hey, listen, I guess you'd probably expect something on a date like today, right?
I'm not expecting anything.
Just like that Dan Call from Norma Kenyus today when I'm trying to have my nice lunch for my flavor wave.
And then this thing that they were the dots.
No dots.
Stugots. No dots.
380 votes on the pool boys. That lame or what?
Oh, there's nobody around such as this.
Well, they so different.
Nobody around.
Someone used to hate, but like a lot now, George Rodriguez 63, George your kick an ass.
All right.
But fill Clinton 51.
Mojave David at 40.
Near Rogers 37.
I'm right. I'm was asked.
Jerry Springer 33.
Howard Stern 29.
Guilty 27 for you.
Guilty.
They like you.
A little bit.
Bill Marr 25.
Tom Jones 15.
Chris Rock 13.
Keith Olberman 13.
David Brock 12.
Hey, David.
You fairy.
Uh, Older D. Bastard 9.
Judge Judy 5.
Rich Walsh 5.
That means very much mumboted.
A couple of times each.
Humphrey Bogart 5.
And Neil Diamond's got Solventa Uno.
So one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
I'm not here!
Hey, me but I couldn't avoid it!
Don't know, it's a , , !
Don't know it's a , , !
The boy is on his way.
Don't know it's a , , !
Don't know it's a , , , !
That's a looping.
Don't know it's a , , !
Don't know the little boy, !
I'm going to touch your toes!
Listen to my mother, all the boys love me!
I'm the boys of the victims!
Ah!
Hey!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
I'll get the camera to everyone.
We think you're going to see him.
We think you're going to see him.
I'm going to see him.
I'm going to see him.
I'm going to see him.
Stop!
Yeah!
One more time!
It's a 105, 60.
I had to play those piggyback, you know, just hand it over.
I had to do it.
I had to do it.
I had to mo-compeld me.
And look how well he's doing on there too.
Mo's got 41 and Yoldi's got 28.
I think the two characters have, yeah.
And geared them to the audience.
Don't you think it's a lot to do with just the fact that he was the inspiration?
Did you say that absolutely?
Yeah, absolutely.
Just the fact that he inspired the characters, that he was the inspiration for them makes them
like him.
Exactly.
It makes them more human, more like him, even that squeaky, even that one.
See, I don't really feel all that bad about this phone situation today in the fact that
this show is going to write in a cracker because, obviously, listen to me, this station
has flushed this day into the toilet anyway.
I mean, just look at this lineup we got today, you know.
You got Yoldi, you got no Hank, you got no Mad Dog, you got no anything.
We got me and Mo, and that's it.
So we'll hold up our end.
Right, go, besides we can hold them, and that's basically all.
But that's a disconcerting note.
Look at that phone and think to myself wondering what's going to be happening here in days
to come, you know, like down the road.
Like what?
Because we're in vacation, I don't want to be like bugged with a bunch of technical bugs.
So you know what's on that end, you just know it.
Yeah.
And you know, they run around grabbing stuff and screwdrivers.
I don't know what they're doing outside of these studios.
Yeah.
Inside.
Nothing.
I see.
Well, it's not an inside thing.
Right.
They got to get on there with the phone company and with this one and that one and pass it
by Boopus and see who's got Loopus and call up Bob Vermouth.
Let's send his ass back to Amsterdam.
What do you say?
Nice job and Amsterdam, by the way, Bob.
And guess what?
My landlord and his wife still hate you.
Although my landlord, he wasn't exactly your classy guy, but nevertheless, especially
I would all his money that was wearing that old coat that he found in the dumpster somewhere.
Here's the Walmart story.
Walmart officials in cross lanes told employees on Tuesday they'll have to start working
practically any shift, any day that they're asked, even if they built up years of senior
redeemed, can't arrange childcare.
This is in Charleston, South Carolina.
All right.
I like that.
Storre management said that, oh, wait till you have this name.
Storre management said the policy changes needed to keep enough staff of the business hours,
but some employees said it appears to be an attempt to force out longer term, higher paid
workers.
You're following the bouncing balls at Ballsmart.
We'd have many people with set schedules who aren't here when we need them for our customers
said, John Knuckles, a manager at the store where he sure got some brass, which is located
in the Nitro Marketplace shopping center and for more than 400 people.
It is to take care of the customers.
That's the only reason he said workers who have regular shifts at the store for years now
have to commit to being available for any shift from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. seven days a week.
If they can't make the commitment by the end of this week, they're going to be fired
to did it.
It shouldn't cause any problem if they are concerned about their customers.
Knuckles said several single mothers working at the store have no choice now, but to quits
at one employee who wouldn't give her name for fear of retribution.
My daycare closes at six.
My babysitter can't work five said the employee, mother or two, who's been a cashier for
more than three years.
Neither of the services available over the weekend she has.
I have to be terminated.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Walmart is supposed to be a family-oriented company, but kids don't matter the worker
said.
Along with the open availability policy, the store is requiring all four employees to learn
how to run cash register several employees.
They suspect this is an attempt to brace for the departure of many of the employees who
now work as cashiers.
In other words, let's squeeze a bunch of people out.
AKA, Tee-Tee-Tee-Tee-Tee-Tee-Tee-Tee-Tee.
The Walmart FNWay, Joyce & Way.
Not incredible?
No, not very credible, very believable.
Very typical.
What do we hate them like poison?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you might pop a call or two on here this time.
I'm not really sure.
Jumper?
There you go.
No, not one.
Another one?
No.
Okay, one more would be good.
Q-I-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Who's the sales?
Sounds like me, Alia.
Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Great.
Neil, I don't know if you've heard, but this is something that I heard yesterday.
This is the ultimate and then taking advantage of this situation.
I don't know if you heard, but that jet bush is now trying to investigate something that
happened back in 1990.
I think we're at 305.
I had the story on an hour ago, sir.
I had to talk about that.
Okay, well, I just filmed it.
About Terry and her shoe.
It just won't let it go.
They had the on top, see?
They investigated it.
Every sell in her body and they completely exonerated the husband.
And yet this lunatic, this fat ass governor just will not let it go.
Well, I mean, but it's obvious that the reason he's doing this is taking advantage of
this situation and now, you know, bring life back onto that and it's just ridiculous.
Yeah, just pandering again to the same lunatic that he was pandering to before.
Yeah, or something politically, I hope he keeps it up because it blew up in his face
the first time.
It's going to do the same thing again.
All right, well, I just wanted to know if you had heard about that.
So I guess you did.
Good luck with us, pal.
Okay.
All right.
Well, one of two in bed.
Oh, look at what just popped up there.
The big red ex, it says assistant producer is not currently connected to a sover.
No sover.
How do you like that?
CNN, there's this story on that serial molester states as well as in the 87,000 victims.
Who?
They're right.
He doesn't look pretty at all.
Look at that.
Team Schwarzmiller.
I wonder if he's came to the governor out there in California.
Arnold Schwarznager.
Bill Fist speaking of fascists, speaking of lunatics, speaking of Bible thumping right
wing crazy, blah blah blah.
Dangerous people.
Bill Fist sent a majority leader in a leading GOP candidate for president in 2008.
What I thought that is.
Is making a killing off the big bush dividend tax code and acted while he was running the Senate.
The 2003 legislation dropped the tax on dividends from 35 to 15%.
In the latest round of Senate financial disclosure's Fist of Tennessee reported earnings of up to $5 from the WH Frist
2000 qualified blind trust $5.
Don't you think that means five?
The assets in this trust are valued.
Oh, I see he reported earnings of up to $5.
The assets in the trust are valued from five to 25 million.
First has another trust called the William E Frist GST exemption 2000 qualified blind trust.
It's valued at one to five million dollars.
Other members of America's richest government making money and over Frist too.
The report shows South Dakota's newly elected Republican Senator John Thune,
who gave up his lobbying job to be Senator, got over 231 grand from the Thune Group.
Alaska Senator Ted Stevens, who was the powerful commerce committee and is a key player in energy policy.
He reported the Ted Stevens blind trust at one to five million dollars listed in oil interest in Oklahoma.
City is valued between 50 and 100,000.
His credit union account was valued between 250,000 and a half a million.
Democrats were also in fat city.
John Corzine of New Jersey who opposed the Bush tax cuts listed holdings in his former employer Goldman Sachs
at between 25 and 50 million dollars would dividends of 100,000 to a million dollars.
First, by the way, Frist Fist reported buying less than $15,000 worth of stock in the Southern Donuts chain.
He was in Christy Cream and he put somewhere under 15 grand into two hospitals.
His father and brother ran HCA, the hospital corporation of America, the nation's biggest hospital chain,
which was once charged with overboding the government.
The case was settled in 2002 for $1.7 billion.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It says the headline on the story, Senator Equal Fat Cat.
Speaking of cats?
Yeah.
Do you see about the cat with the two faces?
No.
For a second there, I thought I said two feces.
Well, I'm still thinking about that pizza pie.
Roseburg, Oregon, a newborn kitty recently entered the world with two faces and hopefully at least nine lives.
I think it would have like 18 lives now, wouldn't you?
The M&I was born Sunday with two mouths, two tongues, two noses and four eyes.
Oh, if it's got two faces, I could work in our sales department.
I kind of feel sorry for her because I can't know for a fact she's going to live her diet sooner.
Lee Blu-tier of glide, Oregon, glide told the news review.
If she makes it, she should be a perfectly normal healthy cat other than having two faces.
Whereas, look, Christy, well, we need him.
I could kill him up.
Roseburg, veterinarian, Alan Ross, who examined the kitten on Tuesday said,
the kitten does survive and might need surgery to remove the extra tissue between its two mouths.
Oh, Mark, can you believe that?
It's kind of this.
This is a talking kitty too.
You know the first thing I've said?
I've got two faces.
That's what it said.
Blu-tier has been breeding different kinds of animals starting with dogs since 1980.
Roughly three years ago she discovered a little bit smaller than normal kittens.
She calls miniature cats.
She now has plants to market the miniature cats which go to about four pounds on the Internet.
Jim and I was born to a miniature mother in a full-size father.
I like that.
Miniature cats.
Yeah, yes.
I'll cut into the lines.
I'll look at that.
I think he often says not connected to a server.
Well, maybe they're doing something.
You think the fact that keeps popping up there like that means something?
No.
No, I don't either.
I made a cool way though.
13 past one at five, 60, WQL.
We got the board winning Moe Howard, David and did that too, the doi-man.
And then we got Joseph Gaki at Fortland Martez at 7 in Marlon's baseball after that.
At the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, California.
Hey, the Emerald Coast still is Florida's number one Asian Corps.
Maybe FaZe rated by Zagad Restaurant review and everybody who weets there.
You ask for it and I'll every Friday through Sunday night.
Lobster fest is backed by popular demand at the Emerald Coast featuring main lobster served through Midora style.
And you can still enjoy crab fest every night with lask and snow crab legs, dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs.
Main used to include fresh oysters on the half shell and a sushi bar with over 30 different items.
An addition to the Emerald Coast has got hand carb prime rib and from their flaming grill delicious juicy succulent New York steaks cooked to order just the way you love them.
Top off your feast at the Emerald Coast with dessert at the unbelievable 40 inch chocolate fountain where you can end up your own strawberries, marshmallows and lots of other decadent treats.
Don't forget the Emerald Coast promotes healthy living, no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free canola oil.
So book your reservations of the Emerald Coast three locations. They're in sunrise sunny Osbych in Pemberpines for the Emerald Coast 954 572 3822 lots of imitators, but there is nothing like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
What it comes to sport.
We are the authority.
Sport video 516.
We are the head.
The church.
John Farn, the taxi driver, the head driver, the central park.
You look that mean so quesitally. I could tell he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
No bugs speak English and immoral.
I went down to my home and reached where the weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a little store but the guy there talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beamysus, no one to end up.
What does that mean?
The butter's too English. I got a mall.
I got the cornered derlees.
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan.
I'm a sick English melee.
Or you can go back to the war.
I came here many years ago.
I learned my ABC.
I don't say much is brought here.
I said pretty pretty.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making me sick.
You know what I speak English.
When I came and produced a second there I thought we were making some serious progress.
You know what?
I came back on there for a minute and it was like moving along and it just disappeared.
I got a little.
So I got a little excited.
So I rebooted thinking that well maybe there's something happening now and I just need to be booted.
I came back on and guess what?
Not even a clock no more.
Well the clock disappeared.
I thought one more time and I rebooted it and nothing's going on.
Not even a little clock.
So it's definitely on that end man.
They're trying very hard to send it out.
They're trying to probably have to window like trying to shovel it out in this direction.
Maybe they're shifting it in the wrong direction.
Maybe they're sending it to Cuba.
Speaking of that.
But it's not happening here no more which is very sad.
What a way they're like in this season.
This full time season of ours.
Very sad.
But I think it's kind of appropriate.
Public health advocates I like have risked notice on potato chip bags.
Have you noticed that?
No.
Public health attorneys in California have potato chip makers in their sites.
For now listing a cancer causing chemical presence in many brands and potato chips.
Oh my god.
This mentioned this in passing.
That chemical is a chrylamide.
It's an industrial chemical used in plastics, pesticides and sewage treatment.
That can also occur when starchy foods such as chips are processed or is that processed in high temperatures.
The WHO has said that chrylamide may be responsible for up to a third of all cancers caused by a diet as demonstrated by lab animal studies.
You hear that?
Let me read that again.
The WHO has said a chrylamide may be responsible for up to a third of all cancers caused by a diet as demonstrated by lab animal studies.
A chrylamide is already on California's list of chemicals known to cause cancer.
But some chip makers haven't listed on their product packaging as required by Proposition 65 statute in that state.
The attorneys have filed Prop 65 notices with the manufacturers of Lays, Pringles, Kettle Chips and Cape Cod Chips.
What do you like better?
Cape Cod Chips are Cod Peace.
The chip.
Research has shown these brands have unsafe levels of chrylamide and some of their chip varieties.
The study looked at one ounce of which range from 11 to 20 chips depending on a brand.
And determine the chrylamide content was substantially more than the 0.2 micrograms per day amount which prompts the Prop 65 warning.
The brands tested and cited for high levels of chrylamide are Lays baked, Lays stacks barbecue, Lays Casey masterpiece, Lays natural country barbecue, Lays like Casey barbecue masterpiece, Pringles snacks stacks, Pete's delicious flavor, Pringles sweet miskept barbecue, Kettle Chips lightly salted, is making me hungry.
Kettle Chips honey D Jean, Cape Cod robust, Russet and Cape Cod classic chips.
Processed food manufacturers have reportedly asked Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger for an exemption to Prop 65 labeling for foods with carcinogens caused by heat processing.
The governor's office expected amounts to decision by August when they see how big the bag of money is that comes into the food manufacturers.
You know he's got lots of money but nevertheless you know never have too much.
Oh the clock is back.
Oh no.
Don't touch anything.
What do you mean by that?
Well I mean don't go resetting maybe it's on its way somewhere.
You think something's happening the clock just came back like spontaneously man this is exciting wouldn't it be great if we got some calls on everybody in the show?
Oh huh?
I mean we could take some now your way that you know kicking it all kicking an old style but I rather hit the whole new style right out the window.
The clock unfortunately though is not you know how the has got a little green dots.
Right are yours moving?
Yeah mine aren't.
Mine says 12 little off 56 40 something and it's just like stuck right there but at least it's showing up again now.
So obviously and I see that couldn't happen spontaneously unless something was happening outside of this room you see you thought what I'm saying.
Hi that is there you go.
So once again for the evening time a technical situation is outside of my control.
What can I say now we were talking to you about your favorite former gambling yesterday.
Did we have bridge on that pole?
Yeah we did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
We did.
that in the United States then they were stranded on a desert island.
And they would have three fellow bridge players than an extra wouldn't help their pred Ellin.
And obviously you never heard of that before huh?
No that's new it on me.
The Americanng can't act bridge leg 42% of those pulled them through bridge player were comparing with 19% oft
participants of outerisia revision in lasciat
the survey conducted by equation research.
Bridge which claimed such high profile
of the United States has built gates.
Oh, there you go.
Does that answer a lot of your questions?
Sir, once enjoyed widespread popularity.
My mother used to play Bridge and look at her now.
Six decades ago, more than 40% of U.S. households
played the game according to the Bridge League.
About 25 million Americans play Bridge now,
the 160,000-member League City.
Participation in online League Sanction Games
has risen by more than 5,000 months of the past year,
up to 17,500 who are playing Bridge online.
Is that incredible or what?
I think they need to go to the George Washington Bridge
with the Bridge tender and take a good leap is what they need to do.
At least they're all using the William Holden too.
I shouldn't have mentioned William Holden
because that brings back memories of network to Josh.
Although, no, we have slept to that part right in the beginning.
No, I saw the beginning where he talked me about
taking me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
Right, right.
And it got better from there, but Josh hated it,
and it was just, it's just not his thing.
That's all.
At least you liked deliverance, that was good.
He liked the fact that I got weakened
to Pine of Hogan does the animat yesterday.
He was trelling from that.
He's just euphoric about it.
Well, considering you said you were going to wait
till after the summer vacation.
I mean, I think it was a little bit of a...
Well, I was there.
It was one of those stress things, you know?
Sometimes in a moment, stress.
I got news.
Friday, you bastard.
Are you among the million suffering
from tension, stress, or occasional boredom?
Well, now there's health.
With weed from 420 pharmaceuticals,
ask your doctor if weed is right for you,
possible side effects of weed,
into coughing, wheezing cottonmouth, sudden thirst,
high-eyes, giggling, rambling, punger pangs,
a deeper appreciation of cartoons,
Twenties, playing Frisbee,
and downloading fish concerts from 1997.
Redaxation is in the bag.
With weed.
The sun's very came back to this.
The night down, Jesus.
Reasonable doubt, and a sure as weak.
Let's go and never let them do things up on me.
I'm feeling it.
I'm feeling it.
My legal team wants to start a list of all the
things that do post-sales.
I'm so happy.
I feel like the told you, oh, I'm feeling it.
Now I'm pretty big, but I've seen it.
I've been it, been it, been it.
Not to teach you what I'm feeling.
I've seen it with nothing,
it won't touch my feet all the way.
I ain't got wind.
Oh, Jesus, hear it from her.
Break time, feel it.
I've been it.
I've been it, dear.
I've been it.
I've been it.
I've been it, dear.
I've been it.
I've been it.
I've been it.
I've been it.
I've been it.
This is what I'll never hear.
This legal stripper is in his office.
He's here, the chance,
and I've got the best suckest I've been.
I've been it.
132, guess what?
What?
No dots.
Oh, gebbets.
No, there's gebbets.
Apparently we're sealed by the judge.
Oh, no.
Apparently we see the judge by the judge,
but the medal examiner has this ability to get this information
about the time that could be anywhere.
I mean, bad ass lunatic, you, you maniac.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
You're an average.
Or somebody s recorded in his intake check?
Somebody says
That we had in there the first five years before.
You had a misopfady.
grandparents.
.
again did a good job the first time I think it rhymes with bro the answer the
question no nobody cares no we've heard enough we heard the autopsy yesterday
and that was really very ponderous that's it and I still think that the husband
ought to sue Jeb Bush and a state of Florida for like maybe a trillion dollars as
long as I don't have to pay any of it right oh look at that there's the clock
it's still frozen no what well I just I just want to keep you on it let me
the shoulder red the uh... let's use yeah that's right this is just like that
quantum uh... hysteria thing more to spin in our wheels and time
here's a bad story from a rack
the u.s. military charge this
staff sergeant from the new york national guard with murdering his two
commanders at a base outside bag that
what's believed to be the first case of an american soldier in a rack accused
of killing his superiors
the military initially concluded that the june seven thefts of captain philip t
espasito of suffer in the york and first lieutenant louis e alan of milford
pennsylvania
or caused by a morter round but this week the military charge staff sergeant
alberto be martina's of troy new york with two cons and premeditated murder
according to a statement issued back that yesterday
martina's thirty seven is a supply specialist with the headquarters company
the forty second infantry division
new york army national guard espasito thirty
i'm not going to play that's a bad taste espasito thirty in the father of one
year old girl was a company commander and alan thirty four and father four
was a company operations officer the fragging incident
you ever heard that before lost out of the news that were explaining fragging
no i've heard of a quick and and freaking but i've heard of fragging well
the fragging incident occurred near to creed sada musand's home found eight miles
north of bag that
at forward operating base danger what used to be one of the austin iraq
leaders palaces on the banks of the tigras river
fragging is a term used to be first to soldiers killing their superiors
the military initially concluded the commanders were killed by indirect fire on
the base a criminal investigation was launched after was determined at the
blast pattern at the scene was inconsistent with the mortar attack martin is
believed to have allegedly use some kind of explosive device possibly a grenade
in the attack
i'd like that
i don't lose in it man
but nevertheless i got a i got a great david corn column here
a corn cob okay it's a little on the lawn stop you know i have time to read it
you know what i'm saying uh-huh unless all of a sudden the dots would come back
on here because i'm sure not taking any more maybe one
maybe we'll do the break a little tiny bit early and then after the break all
like to do is it's about the latest down these three memos okay there i don't think it's a
little bit more important than hearing a
whatever is going to be on her or at least please or whatever else set your picture of him by the way
of who can run pro-zac ron the one lonely oh no you're going to ruin my vacation first of
us norma can't not get like a pro-zac ron i feel lunch coming up i have an evening yet
okay so like i said now what was i going to do oh yeah take a quick call or two
q-i-m hello q-i-m this is the only one i know we better know yes sir
here listen i already want to lose all of them that you that you talk about
no i'm not chronic yes you are once a month pretty sick of that okay i know he's a good guy
you'll have to be defensive i don't want to be like Charlie the tuna okay okay listen
he's made out of glass or what what is he made out of i want made out of glass
the on the on the internet he shows like transparent what what do you tell the flavor wave you're talking
yeah yeah no there the bottom is made out of glass the base but the rest of it's a plastic it's a hard
plastic thing with the cooking element on top right and a rack there's only like four or five parts
to it and what what's it different between that as far as your flavor of the food between that and
a regular own oh it's just it's just much better it just cooks it the uh i don't know just the way
cooks it okay because i won't be able to go out anymore i just came back from last Vegas yeah
and i was there six nights which were four night too many right the first
anybody deserves it goes to Vegas for six nights deserves to lose their seat you're i think i
can i could i could advise you save you a lot of cash but i tell you once in i play the machines
by the way i play in the what they call the high level ruin in the wind oh no which i tell you
is the most fantastic hotel that i have ever been where where's one the wind the steep wind the new
hotel oh the the brand new one yeah right right next to the van is across from the steep when you lose
the material the place is incredible is for real and and uh and i played that following you
like killing that wheel oh for you yeah
then you really well when you play it for five dollars how long does it take it to get this
throw hey that's why i don't play the fight all the ones anymore i've done very well under a few
times but you start losing you get a cool machine man you got this serious problem i did very well
in the in the made up ball machine yeah and the wheel of fortune i get like that eleven
this spines one right made out of five dollars eleven spines and that was in six days no no one one shot
eleven is me yeah that's one hundred and ten dollars well there you go that's kind of a message
when that hundred bucks comes up on the five dollar machines like a message saying find something
else to play soccer yes and don't don't burn your meat but if you go there try to stay in that hotel
i will I will tell you that you know that i say how to sleep for it he win you lose okay see okay
i can do it okay twenty one till two thank you i am when it comes to it it's real Roger's real
okay
let's do it now let's go
on that the old man who goes right
here goes the song of the rest of this should be trapped
rest in your right away
count the two should he want to rest
and a rest in that's the reason it's lazy
as you do the basic things to straight
rest in your right away
oh
rest in
oh
the logic of the
chair
rest in
right away
i push
you step
you
to judge
i will
maybe
for she
for she
for him
for
my
for
she
You'll find a new job.
Keep the tail vision on,
under the gravity of my search ground,
while the priest is right away.
The priest is there.
The priest is there.
Third lie of the insane.
The priest is there.
The priest is there.
The priest is there.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
That's the way.
Okay, 136, 14, 122.
Moe 2, we got Joseph Acky.
Moe's angel and Martin Arcloset,
7 Marlins, baseball later on.
Okay, here's David Cornelation.
The latest Downey Street Memos.
New Downey Street Memos keep popping up.
A recent day, several confidence in my moe is written
by senior officials in Tony Brothers,
Governor March 2002, have garnered attention.
After Downey Street,
Doutororg has all of them posted.
These records first obtained by Michael Smith,
a British journalist formerly working at the Daily Telegraph,
and now with the Sunday Times of London,
provide more evidence that Bush's case for war
was less than convincing for his number one ally.
They also illustrate the hubris that drove Blair
and his wartime partnership with George W.
The first to now infamous Downey Street Memo,
chronicled a high level briefing for Blair,
that occurred in July 2002,
during which the head of British intelligence
said Bush was already committed to war,
and intelligence in fact were being fixed around the policy,
and during which foreign minister Jack Straw reported
the WMD case for war was thin.
Months before this secret meeting,
British officials were already sharing similar sentiments
among themselves, not with the public, of course.
In March 22, 2002, memo for straw,
Peter Ricketts, political director of Britain's Foreign Service,
noted that even the best survey of a RACWMD programs
will not show much advance in recent years on the nuclear missile
or chemical weapons, biological weapons, fronts.
He also reported that the US scrambling to establish
a link between Iraq and Al-Qaeda
is so far, frankly, unconvincing.
A March 8, 2002, options paper prepared by Blair's
National Security Agency noted that a RAC's
nuclear weapons program was effectively frozen,
its missile program severely restricted,
and its chemical and biological weapons programs hindered.
Saddam Hussein reported it is not succeeded
and seriously threatening his neighbors.
The paper also said the intelligence center
RAC's supposed WMD program was poor,
and noted that there was no reason evidence
of Iraqi ties to Al-Qaeda.
All of this, all of these things,
contradicting what Bush told Americans before the invasion of Iraq,
he and his aide claimed that a RAC had reconstituted
nuclear weapons program that Hussein was producing
and stockpiling biological chemical weapons
that Baghdad was in Khut's with Al-Qaeda,
and that the intelligence obtained by the US
and other government, presumably including the British,
left no doubt that a RAC posted a direct WMD threat to the US.
The British memos are further evidence
that Bush overstated the main reasons for the war.
They also show that his key line of defense is bunk.
When confronted with questions about the lack of weapons
of mass destruction in Iraq,
Bush and his allies have consistently pointed to bad intelligence,
but the previously released Downey Street memos
and the new ones indicate that the Brits
who had access to the pre-war intelligence
saw that the WMD case based on that intelligence
was, as Jack Straub observed, weak.
One might ask, why did they have such a different take
than the one that Bush shared with the public?
These memos demonstrate that the issue was not
whether Bush was unwittingly duped by bad intelligence.
No, Bush tried to sell lousy or thin intelligence
as the basis for the war he desired.
According to the new documents, the Brits saw through this,
but they didn't share their informed perspective
with the British or American public,
and instead they went along for the ride.
Why did Blair join with Bush presumably for several reasons?
The memos do show that Blair Gang was worried about Saddam Hussein
and WMDs despite realizing that Bush was hyping the threat,
but the Ricketts memos suggest Blair soutlet up with Bush partly
so it could steer the American president.
In this memo, entitled Advice for the Prime Minister,
Ricketts wrote,
by sharing Bush's broad objective,
the Prime Minister can help shape how it's defined
and the approach to achieving it.
In the process, he can bring home to Bush some of the realities,
which will be less evident from Washington.
He can help Bush make good decisions by telling him things
that his own machine probably won't.
Ricketts was essentially saying that Bush was not fully attached
to reality and that his own machine was not providing him
all the necessary information.
What a harsh indictment of a partner in war.
Ricketts feared that Bush consequently would make
rotten decisions about the war in Iraq,
but Ricketts noted Blair could be a positive influence
by spelling out the realities for Bush.
Blair, though, could only do this if he was with the program.
This is a chilling passage.
It illuminates the arrogance of the Blurites,
because they knew better that they not have fully informed president.
They assumed they could nudge Bush in the appropriate direction.
But they were signing up for a war led by a man
whom they believed was not in sync with reality
and who couldn't be trusted to wage a war properly on his own.
What he was on the part of the Blur team.
Feeding superior to Bush, they felt they would be the tale
that would wag the dog,
but Blair ended up with a war based on a thin claim
that is yielded an enormous mess
and the fellow in charge of finding a way out of this jam
is a guy whose own machine keeps reality from him.
Conservative, some editors in the established media,
and even the usually smart columnist Michael Kinzley,
have dismissed the significance and newsworthiness
of the Downing Street memos.
But these documents afford the public more extensive view
of the misrepresentations Bush deployed
to Greece the way to war,
and they illustrate the serious doubts the Brits had concerning
the lead arguments for war and concerning the man
who was making those arguments.
If only the Downing Street documents could be augmented
by a similar set of Pennsylvania Avenue memos.
Right, David Cohen in the nation.
All right.
that's a good example of the fact that,
that website afterdowningstreet.org,
you can read all the Downing Street memos,
the whole, all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
all of these,
we have Michael Jackson.
I want to see you again
for the rest of my whole life!
I want to see you again!
Hello, my friendly child
I'm thinking of you
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
You should not have liked your crime.
I think you're not by aliens.
You've been kidnapped again?
By aliens.
You've been kidnapped by aliens?
Where did they don't touch you?
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that an American?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
In New Mexico.
Albuquerque is.
Yeah.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, New Mexico.
OK.
I don't believe you, honey.
You don't have to lie to me.
No, I want to get married.
I really do what you said.
I was kidnapped by aliens.
I don't believe you, honey.
They got short hair.
They got short hair.
Who does?
The Seattle is that short hair.
You say short hair.
You mean like, Rancy, Chris Short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
No, it doesn't make it shorter.
All right, honey.
Don't yell at me.
I believe you.
I'm not a seven-eleven.
Never-eleven?
Yes.
Can you give me a sloopy?
What?
Sloopy.
What?
Sloopy.
What?
Like a blueberry wolf.
I just think kidnapped.
I think it's your sloopy.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey.
I spy aliens in a blue van.
Aliens drop a blue van.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is that?
What?
It's a caravan.
No.
Does they do anything to you?
Is that probes?
No.
Focus?
No.
Proud you?
No.
Like love to you.
No, you idiot.
I'm not coming home.
I'm staying at the seven-eleven.
You don't want to marry me, do you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not.
I'm done with the sheep.
All right.
I'm done with the sheep.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
