Alright, jeez, almost at the clock.
Yeah, it's almost that time.
Gelly for the mad dog at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Oh.
And then I find out that most people in the building are going to be taken off not only Thursday,
but Friday as well for a four-man, four-day busman's holiday.
Oh, I'll be here Friday.
Me too.
I'll be here Thursday, not you, but I'll be here Thursday.
Yeah, I'm taking off Thursday.
I mean, why should I celebrate a holiday when it's not a holiday here, eh?
Why shouldn't I celebrate a holiday if they're going to give it to me?
Yeah, that's right.
Like I said, I won't be here on Thursday.
No, I wouldn't be if they had anybody to put on, but Georgia's on vacation this week.
That's Georgia that the duck was throwing onto the bus before.
Wait until you hear this line.
Duf says that it's the producer's job to get new copy for us.
Not the salespeople's job.
What?
The producer's job to get new copy.
To go nudgy the salespeople for the party.
I'm sorry.
But Duf is a...
Hey Duf, you're fairy.
That ain't going to fly here.
No.
Whoever heard such a thing, huh?
I've never seen a place where the sales department has so many excuses, you know, from everybody
else.
Oh, and that's not our job.
Copies not our job.
And servicing the accountant our job.
We want to know this business for you.
Now it's up to you guys.
Yeah, right.
We have a bunch of schmendrix.
We're supposed to go chase down copy, huh?
Right.
That's right.
In fact, it's good exercise.
You and I could both use it.
Yeah.
Of course, it'd be a longer, longer run for me, but...
Oh, look, it's just as I'm saying that.
And here's a piece of copy from Troy.
Oh, my God, this must be a mistake.
It is.
And you know what, it's an old piece of copy.
Right?
He just took an old piece of copy.
I got to tell you something.
Two minutes before a break, I was handed that piece of copy.
And I just thought...
I looked at it for the first time and I realized it was a month old.
Month?
This is years old.
This one walked over.
He just takes the same ones.
Yeah, a cover of 92.
Yeah.
Hey Troy, you're an idiot, man.
Maybe this is good body wash, though.
Wow.
What's going on in this place?
I have no idea.
And then we got a deal now where they're looking for a local sales manager.
I asked him off.
I said, well, what's the story with the Curtis?
Well, he's the general salesman.
I said, well, who's the local salesman?
Oh, we don't have one.
So that should explain a lot of things.
Did we ever have one?
I guess once upon a time, he was the local salesman.
When SCURAIN, when your girlfriend was still there, she was the GSM.
Right, see.
GSM's then he forget some mold.
Or get some mold.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't
I think anybody that goes to the track and stacks a whole bunch of $100 bills on the table ought to be in the hall of shame
That's not something to do with his baseball play
If there were two palm leaves falling from a palm tree, he would bet you $1,000 which one was going to hit the ground first
And you'd then, the sad part of it is you'd take the bet
That's right
I know you would
Oh, which one is it?
Excuse me
But then Tom Jickey, you're another one of your close buddies
I'm going to pick on all your buddies today for Thanksgiving
He writes about how Ted Coppola about how Nightline is the greatest, uh,
St. Vincent's sliced bread and the greatest news show
I think I've watched Nightline maybe twice in my life
Well, you like Ted Coppola because Tom likes short people, you know
It is closing tonight
Yeah, or tomorrow night
Well, who cares?
No tonight
Wednesday, whenever that is
What, Nightline?
Yeah
No tonight's the, well, it's Wednesday technically because it's 12, 30 in the morning I guess
But tonight's his last show
Oh, I believe
This is the show where he's going to do, uh, he's got a weird last show
Really?
Yeah
He's, uh, I'm trying to remember what, oh yeah
It's, uh, it's, all centers on the book that Mitch Album wrote about the professor
In 1993, he did a show with that, uh, with the teacher Mori
That was the subject of the successful book and play
Mori used to do him?
No, Thursdays with Mori
Mori's saver?
Two days with Mori
I mean, the, the, the, the, what kind of name is Mori anyway?
I never really thought about that, what kind of a name is that?
This is Mori
Yeah
Two days with Mori
Yeah
Which was a book written by Mitch Album about his professor who was, uh, who was ill
And he went and visited, visited with him every Tuesday morning and got a book out of it
Mm-hmm
And this is who've had Coppola's last show is going to be about
You know, uh, Soleil Dato Bryan had done a little, uh, bubble head on CNN
Yeah
So about, uh, quarter to ten, she comes on breathlessly
They've got breaking news, bringing on everything every time a dog gets, uh, has a bad B.M
It's breaking news on CNN or MSNBC
Breaking news and she comes out with a straight face and says,
Jose Padilla
Remember the suitcase bomber that they've been holding out for?
Jose Padilla
Yeah
Well, the Soleil that's Jose Padilla and I thought, you stupid goi man, it's just unbelievable
How many goi in there, right?
It's incredible
Jose Padilla
She's on worldwide television on CNN and she's calling Jose Padilla
Even a little child knows it's a esponial baby, it's Padilla, not Padilla you dumb bitch
Jesus
God
Really sad
And you wonder why Americans are so uninformed and so are the touch with reality?
Yeah
And so obsessed with crap like Pete Rosen the hall of shame
Hey Pete, you idiot
Wonder which bimbo he's got on Zarm this week
I don't know where he is, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't afford him today
Well, these are Las Vegas signing autographs for us
Well, if he was in Las Vegas, he wish you would be there with us
But when he goes on those home shopping network things, how much he, how much cash he's making a fortune?
Boy
Well, when you're gambling as much away as he is, you got to make a fortune
I bet I think maybe I'll go on home shopping, nobody knows who I am or wants my autograph
But I'll start signing baseballs for, you know, get some more money to go back to Woodbuy
Not
And not going back there
No, I am not, I called the gaming commission twice more yesterday, two more times
You got any response?
Well, the same, but it would be, but it would be the event they got in the computer
And they're going to call me, and if they don't call me, I'm calling them every single day I'm going to call there
Every single day until they finally pass out or send a hitman here to take a ferry
See, people think that because the mob is no longer at least officially running things in Vegas
And other places where it is Casino gambling, they think that everything has been cleaned up
Boy, they got a real lesson to learn
It's just more sanitized, not at all
Stop and think about it
The number one take like in Vegas is, in any place there's gambling and Casino's is the slots, right, by far, that's their favorite
Now, if they really were only making two or three percent, that wouldn't cover anything
They would even cover the cost of the free drinks they're given away
So you know when they got the carousels with the big signs, 97 percent payback, 98 percent, that's a pile of crap
That's a lie, they may be paying 97 percent back during the four hours of the day when the machines are in the paying mode
But the other 20 hours when they're in the coma mode and paying nothing and sending you right to the commode, forget about it
They're not paying 10 percent, so when you're already in the coma, you're in the coma curve because you don't play that crap anywhere
Yeah, but you know what the place slots, the beginning, like I am
Well, one of the big issues with the slots here is how they're going to be regulated
Well, it's Florida, so what does that tell you? Probably won't be
No, at the risk of alienating all my former good friends at the peer mutual
Is it too bad, you know, I mean, like I said, I'm more than happy to see them in there
Let all the tourists come and drop their money, all the suckers and subsidized education
And the horsemen and all that, but local people don't go there
And the money never gets to education
And the money never finds a way to do it
It's supposed to be guaranteed in this one, it's in the wording of it, so I can't figure out how they can get around it in this one
I'll tell you how
Yeah, administrative costs, taxes, 55 percent of your money
I'll tell you how our good close friends at the peer mutual industry
No, I've always thought that doing it in a name of education
The cost is probably longer attracting people and because of the fact that they're average age of their patrons is 95 plus plus 10
I'm not against slots, but I'm just saying that through it in the name of education is such a fusion
Well, the horsemen need the money, okay?
Yes, that's the bottom line
Thank you
Well, I don't know, that's the reason
At least, at least it's a little something life in South for a little something that has to do with life living and breathing
A little fun for people, just like the tourist do, don't use suckers go out there and get hooked on that cramp
I'll tell you why the money doesn't go to education, okay?
Yeah, this is something that I can know something about this
Because if that money is your mark for education, then the legislature will take money that previously was going to education and put somewhere else
I can cross out the Pompano Park account trying to cross that one off your list, go ahead, keep going
No, I'm not saying anything against the power mutuals, but the net is that that money doesn't get there
Because they will take it away from education somewhere else saying, oh, we're getting this from the lottery
Or we're getting it's happening every state
Yeah, it doesn't get there, it's a lie
They seem to be doing awfully well in Delaware with it, I'll tell you that
I'm not saying that the slots don't do well and that they don't need them
I'm just saying to do it in the name of education isn't being forthright
Yeah, and it's a fact
Yeah, it's all, okay?
You understand what I'm saying?
What happened when the lottery was going to give all that money to education?
Yeah, that's because it wasn't in awarding, it wasn't specific
And this one, these people put the slot thing on it
You understand what I'm saying?
When the legislature didn't put the education on it, but
The only reason that the governor in the legislature, your fat ass gutter, been able to stonewall this long
Because they didn't put on their class to whatever the hell it is slots
That's why they wasted six months arguing about it, maybe like they're crap at the seminals
Or is it going to be like real slot machine?
That's right, but when the legislature goes through the education budget
They will look at what's coming in from slots and say, well, we don't need to give so much education
They don't worry about it
Because they never have the call of the slots people, that's the fault of the legislature
That's right, they'll be voted out
But they will always have education and they ought to be voted out
That's always that
And they won't be because it's a cracker state, that's why
That's a cracker
That is right, it's a cracker state
But a bunch of Yahoo Red Necks and old Fogies don't care about education
All they care about is the early bird dinner
And the gap, the notch, whatever they call that thing, the notch
All I care about is my checker's already in the mail
Nice going there, Duff, in clearance
And whoever else is counting back there, nice going
See, I have this guy who I knew to you then, enough several days, like a week ahead of payday
All of a sudden it shows up not only on time, but early every payday
Nice going, Duff
Good deal
Yeah, well guess what, Duff
I'm not going to go chase down copy
You better get with it, man
Well, you're not the producer, let's see, Shy and the Beast on
The Beast could use the exercise, send his fat aspect there
I have Shy and Coke, the other producers
Yeah, well what's Beast title?
He doesn't think I am
You am a apologist, is that it? You am a apologist?
Slash updates
Yeah, the Polly Lilithing
And he's a designated mohater
Oh, and well, he's got good reason for that
Yeah, we all do
I'm not going to apologize for that Beast, he thinks he's going to be a Trump, I make up with me
He's got another talk coming, blah blah blah blah blah
He's very sad
Oh look at that, Atlanta Fire Rescue, Cruz are trying to rescue a trap man in Atlanta
There's more breaking news, he's in a manhole or a womanhole or something like that
And then of course we got the Jose Padilla, man
It is really scary what's going on in the world today, especially the fact that CNN is on the year
On that note, I hope you have a nice Thanksgiving, but I'll talk to you tomorrow
I'll be here tomorrow and I'll be here Friday, so you know
Thursday, now Thursday you better watch it, because otherwise if you don't mind your peas and peas on Thursday
Now, were you going to be eating with relatives on Thursday or like in the Rascal House?
No, I'm not going to Rascal House, I'm going to work with you
Where are you going to go for Thanksgiving dinner on Thursday?
Friend of mine's family's house
Oh no, I go there every year
Watch out for the cranberries, man
Send your blood sugar skyrocketing and that stuffing all carbs
You know, Joshua sent me yesterday, but he doesn't know from stuffing, I guess that's a goyeshit thing, you know
Why he doesn't get stuffing?
No, I said stuffing is not my favorite part of Thanksgiving
Oh, it's the best
Of course, anybody knows that
So I told him either his mother's a lousy cook or a cook render both
I'm going to take this up with your mother, Josh
Yeah, how can you not have stuffing on Thanksgiving?
We definitely do, I just said it wasn't my favorite
He doesn't like it, I love because he's never had really good stuffing, you know
You know what? The stuffing is the best the next day when it's cold
That is absolutely correct, oh brother
So you leave it to the Jews to know they're stuffing
In fact, it's a look at me in Hank, nobody's stuffing like that
We've been stuffed, we are stuffed
Had a great Wednesday to whatever day it is
You too, Neil
And the people to permute you will say, well we'll see you soon
It's time to get it on
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story
First, it was band-aid
A bunch of lame-ass British people were raising money for charity
Well, no bunch of lignies were going to make America look bad
Not when we could up-juck something like USA for Africa
We are all too good
Bob Dylan is one of the many legendary artists to perform on We Are the World
He speaks here through a translator
Basically, nothing says we care about hunger more than a bunch of rich cross-stars
Taking 15 minutes of their valuable time to sing and eat catered food
Oh, he had a food for USA for Africa
It was freaking unbelievable, Billy Joel
Who would go on to fame as a drunk driver was also there
They had this shrimp wrapped in bacon thing
I don't know what they did to it, maybe they marinated it in something but man
Who I could take, if you really was agree
Oh, definitely
What I remember most about coming together to fight hunger in Africa
Was the Bavarian Mint Strutal
Mmm, ho, ho!
Bruce brings teens there as well
Here he speaks through a translator
Basically, we wanted to show the British that what it comes to bringing a bunch of jerk-offs
And let me just forget it to raise money for charity, USA picked ass
USA for Africa, it was all about getting food to the people who needed
And eventually getting into poor people too
It's a big juicy, stop-and-wet-look-it-show business tonight
We're going to have already 10-15 my god, we're like, we're going to hell over
But I do have to remind you that years ago I told a story on here
I was at a grand hotel in Rome and they were having a conference on World Hunger
And I came back into my room that night and out in the hallway
I mean all the special guests from all these countries all around the world were on one floor
I happen to be my floor
I don't know how we were all these cards with all these huge plates
With uneven mounds of pasta and all this other crap
It was a beautiful thing
It's a conference on world starvation
I bet you're all those people in like Bangladesh would have just gone nuts for that pasta there
Basta La Pasta but endless
10-15 at 560 WQM, it's a two day we got the mole-mice to retook
Geldie from Adog at 4, Adog doesn't want to like overdo it on Thanksgiving week
Hurricanes warm up at 70, Hurricanes basket ball against North Carolina AT&T
Hahahaha, AT&T at 730 and then ATK after the basketball game
That should be a real barn burner, shouldn't North Carolina AT&T?
What is that like a little girls team?
Well you know they lost that game on the football game
So they got to like beat up on some little girls team making feel better about themselves
Like real he-man
Roger, got it
Surely you've got all the Harry Potter books
You've got the Harry Potter homespunctomy kit but now you got a get the Harry Potter pet prodology kit
And that means great! Check out your cat
She's gone! She's gone!
Crocodile
Size of it
Hey hey hey
The Harry Potter pet prodology kit
Barnyard edition sold separately
How did my hot wheels car get inside of this?
Crack a mic! Try and suck her!
20 after 10 we got another choice for the pool today you guys better put on there
A bunch of man-made crap, how's that?
Got it? A bunch of man-made crap
Well I wanted to give some additional choices on there on our religion pool today
Especially a couple days before Thanksgiving
Although I don't see what religion and Thanksgiving have to do with each other
Not you?
It's not like the last supper
Nope
I don't know that the pilgrims told the pilgrims supposedly came to America to get away from religious persecution
And they started persecuting everybody else
Also anyway, Jose Padilla, I mean Padilla
That was the epitome of what's going on with CNN right now
Okay, they might as well like I've been telling you for two years
Take their towers and just take them out
Take them out, take them out like Pat Robertson would say
When did that take them out?
Just ridiculous
They got a bunch of bubbleheads on there, there wouldn't know Jose, there wouldn't know Padilla from Muzia
Suspected dirty bomb or Jose Padilla has been finally indebted on criminal charges in Miami
Attorney General Alberto the Torturer Gonzales was expected to discuss the indebted news conference in Washington
He's been held for like 500 years more than three years
Until I can finally drum up some charge against him
Yeah, that suitcase, you know, he was going to let go of a dirty bomb
Yeah, all of us have let go of a dirty bomb sometime in our life, probably recently
You know why is that I'm always next to somebody who just left go with a dirty bomb?
Because you play on our slots
Yeah, that must be it, not no mole, not in that joint
Anyway, we even know Miguel is there till noon and then he has to go do it
Oh, you know who died?
We're dying
I forgot to mention this to Hank, he wouldn't know because he's an old coot like me
Link Ray, who he died in Copenhagen, see you wouldn't know, neither one of you guys would know
The guitar master Link Ray, father of the power court in rock and roll inspired such legends as Bruce Springsteen, David Bowie and Peter Townsend is dying
He was 76, I've got your book of rhyme is in fact, you know, I somewhere in here I've got that, what was the big hit rumble?
I've got rumble in here by Link Ray, somewhere is, in fact maybe I'll take a half an hour and let you guys do the show while I look for it
Ray died November 5th on my birthday in Oles, oh no, at his home in Copenhagen and his wife and son set on his website
No causes that was given, but his family said his heart was getting tired
He was buried Friday, last Friday after service in Copenhagen's Christian church
While playing guitar, I often told the audience, God is playing my guitar, I'm with God when I play his wife, Olive and son, Oliver Christian wrote
We saw you go with God, you were smiling
Ray who played at a trademark leather jacket developed this style considered a blueprint for heavy metal and punk music
He's best known for his 58 instrumental rumble, 59 raw hide and 63 jack thrupper
Remember raw hide, I got that here somewhere too
Of course
His music's been featured in movies including Pulp Fiction, Independence Day and Desperado
He was born in North Carolina, he was three quarters Shawnee Indian
As said, he had inspired many other rock musicians including Township of the Hoosprings Dean, Bowie, Bob Dylan, Steve Van Zant
All of the quarters are saying that Ray and Rumble inspired them to become musicians
He is the king, if it hadn't been for Link Ray and Rumble, I never would have picked up a guitar or Township and wrote
I want to raise albums, Neil Young once said good Canadian boy Neil Young said
If I could go back in time and see any band, it would be Link Ray and the Rayman
Now is it Link Ray and the Rayman?
Remember Rayman and that movie?
Rayman?
Rayman, yeah
The power chord, the thunder ring sound created by playing fifths, two notes, five notes apart, often with lower note, double down and octave above
became a favorite among rock players
Ray claimed because he was too slow to be a whiz on the guitariative invent sounds
When recording Rumble, he created the fuzz tone by punching holes in his amplifiers to produce a dark rumbling sound
Like that
Took off instantly, but it was banned by some DJs and big cities for seeming to suggest teen violence
I was looking for something that Chetakins wasn't doing that all the jazz kings were doing that all the country pickers were doing
I was looking for my own sound, he said any dead, how do you like that?
Throughout though he went out of style in the 60s he was rediscovered by later generations
He toured the US and Canada since the mid 1990s playing 40 shows this year
In 2002 guitar world magazine elected Ray as one of the hundred greatest guitarists of all time
In 87 he moved in Denmark and married olive Julie Povison
They raised their son in a three-story house in an island where Hans Christian Anderson was born
Did they wonder hope?
And they probably were there at that little miniature park
What goes the name of that little amusement park there in Copenhagen?
Come on, Tivoli, Tivoli Gardens
You guys better get whether you better get your pal, pass a port domain and start traveling the world and see what life is really all about
Alright, he started seeing you go to Copenhagen and see that there's a 7-11 on every street corner and you'll say why?
And the answer is because they feel like it
Only there's 7-11s Ashley served pizza, do you know that?
Really?
Yeah, well outside of those people there's Danish man or man
There's ain't nothing like a Danish and I'm not talking about pastry either
Wow, anyway I got a great, that's why I call them a great deans
So I got an article I have to read in the spread of the fact that Miguel is there
In fact you know what I got several that I might read and you know what's too bad if you don't like it
I don't care, you just go back and get some more coffee
Great job by Miguel this morning whipping at sales department in a shape
I'm a surges job and somebody had to do it
Doug Thompson writes before we get to the polls and all this other crap
Doug Thompson from Kepel Hill Blue, a gutless draft dodging coward named Dick Cheney
Now that might probably even inspire Miguel to hear it
No?
No, but the last thing we need in the increasingly bitter erach debate
He says it's a gutless draft dodging coward like Dick Cheney
Criticizing those who did serve their country
The vice president who used multiple deferments to avoid serving his country during Vietnam
jumped into the free big time last weekend again on Monday
with an awkward broadside against those who properly questioned the president's motives
For dragging the country into the bloody dead end called Iraq
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety Cheney said yesterday
It has no place anywhere in American politics
Sorry, Dicky boy, but it is you and your cronies at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
who have no place anywhere in American politics
It's hypocrites like you use shameless cowardly son of a bitch
who should be led from the White House in chains and locked away somewhere in hellhole to rock for eternity
American politics is cursed with chicken-ocked politicians
who do everything in their power to avoid serving their country
and then vote to send other Americans to fight and die for their questionable wars
Bill Clinton used falsified documents to secure and keep his student deferments in place
Congress is littered with false patriots, Republican and Democrat alike who avoided military service
and the biggest war-monger of the mall of George W. Bush needed daddy's connections to write out the word home in the safety of the Texas Air National Guard
and couldn't even complete that service
But Cheney's hypocrisy goes even further because his tirade on Monday was aimed primarily at Congressman John Murth of the Pennsylvania Democrat who did service country
spending 37 years in the Marines before we tell him his occurence from the reserves and earning a bronze star in two purple hearts in Vietnam
Murth of one of the most hawkish Democrats in Congress has like so many other Americans realized he was had by the many deception of the Bush administration
leading up to the invasion of Iraq and his call for media withdrawal of our troops from the debacle that has cost more than 2000 Americans, 2097 by the way
and countless of Iraqi civilians their lives
Murth of caused the Iraq war, a flawed policy, wrapped in an illusion
The future of our country is at risk we cannot continue on the present course
It's evident that continued military action in Iraq is not the best interest of the U.S. the Iraqi people are the person who got free to be seen
Strong words from somebody who voted to give Bush the authority to invade Iraq, the words that come from someone who understands war are a hell of a lot better than the cowards in the White House
Strong words from someone who's been there and faced death for his country, something that a draft object like Dick Taney can never ever understand
It's bad enough when Bush uses veterans day a holiday where we're supposed to honor those who served our country
Dispread his Iraq invasion propaganda and criticize those who dare question his failed policies
As Americans we have the freedom to agree or disagree with war but it's our duty to serve her when she calls
Graph dodgers are the worst kind of traitors to our country they avoided the call on nothing but despicable
Dick Taney is a coward and a liar who represents administration run by crooks and frauds
When I see someone like that criticizing someone who served their country and war someone twice wounded on the battlefield I consider the source
And in this case the source is nothing more than white lying draft dodging trash
He was one of your own favorite phrases Mr. Vice President we suggest you just F-off
I mean like that, yeah I'm pretty sure that was worth listening to
Let's go and Doug Thompson who always beats right around the bush
1028 at 560 WQ
Good morning Americans it's Paul Harfay, standby for news
A man is sitting at a bar one night wearing a fancy new wristwatch covered with buttons and lights and dials
Oh my! The woman next to him says wow that's a really fancy watch
Sir, thank you the man says it's the cutting edge of technology I can telepathically ask this watch
Anything I want I know and it will answer me telepathically
Rubbish says the girl know it's true the man replies look I'll tell you what I'll prove it I'll ask it
If you have any panties on
The man scrunches up his eyes for a moment as if concentrating hard to talk to his watch and then opens them and says no but says you haven't got panties on
The woman says well it's wrong I do have panties on and the man replies dammit it's in our fast now page 2
Mom and dad trying to console Susie whose dog it recently died
You know mom said it's not your fault the dog died Susie he's probably up in heaven right now having a grand old
Time with God and Susie said what with God one with a dead dog Paul Harvey
Oh good day nasty 26 before 11 at 560 and of course here's more of the same that you keep faxing me stuff that we had on ages ago
The first fact that I think came off the effects machine earlier this morning was one with a 5 gram story that we had on our website yesterday
Remember that story Josh I do yeah somebody faxes that to us as if see go to the neo-rodgers dot com and then you have to waste all your fax paper
It's two and then here's somebody I just did the link racing time so somebody sends me lend wrestler the jolly green giant how many weeks ago did we have that on remember that more like a month ago yeah yeah he died October 60
So what are you telling me more than a month who sent this to me who faxed this I don't know yeah yeah yeah right but Fedick okay here's the results for me as today's
Paul 1912 votes yesterday what that was at all about what I like that point one on the why because it had to do with hate like that and it really
Now sour mode after the elbows Miami teams lost those games that embarrassed and degraded over the weekend what college or
Professionals sports team you hate the most hate being underlined the opposite word hate New York Yankees 325 they want
Really comfortably after having early early set two with the jets 325 at a Yankees 300 274 for the jets not even close
Noter Dame of her respectable turd 203 I hate sports 184 the usual 9.6% so that 9.6% you can't get through to them whether it's
Tidley Winks or badminton or whatever they just hated even curling Florida Gators 170 one a 3-dig move way up there did I
Yes you am Hurricanes red on a Gators ass 166 and the Miami Dolphins red on a Hurricanes ass 136 FSU 93 the Dallas Cowboys 64 the Boston Red Sox 61
To become along with their fans very arrogant since the one that championship couple seasons ago very arrogant
The New England Payfield 51 which is pure jealousy for sure Michigan will Marines 41 deserving to be a hated despised
Ohio State 40 Buffalo bills only 25 you want to know why the bills aren't like so much snowmo
Because they've been so bad for so long now that it's it's kind of hard to hate a team that's like falling on bad time
Yeah told this that's right New York next 19 to love to love the Eagle 17 with her without T.O. Oakland Raiders 13
Pittsburgh Steelers 11 New York Rangers 10 it was the only hockey team to make the list of course
Penn State 5 and Chicago Bears had three so let me take trace I wonder Jose Padilla hates the Bears
When she said Jose Padilla I just about that was about the end for me
I just about stood off the cheer out of the flow you're on worldwide television honey millions of people could be watching
All of probably only about 10,000 really are because we've got a wasted time with a bunch of crap like that
Especially when they got wristances on there the morning all this week. Oh God. Are they punishing us or what?
Wow maniacs. Okay, now that's the heavy duty stuff the pool today
Which we've done this a long time ago as a matter of fact long ago
But I figured with Thanksgiving come up on Thursday a speaking of Thanksgiving. Yes, we apparently have I guess the
Power 96 people are giving away a bunch of turkeys downstairs and there is a line
That's unbelievable
Let me ask her this how come power 96 is got turkeys to give away and we got squat
We don't have we don't even have the tickets to link race funeral to give away
Maybe we'll give away like Mo T shirts. We can form a line you think now and we won't give away Mo T shirts
We'll give away no t shirts. That's what we give away. I'm Q and that's our budget
Just ask me get a hotel is big promotional budget there. How many senses it?
About 30 man 30 cent you heard a 50 cent we got 30 cent that is embarrassing
They're giving away turkeys and power 96 we get nothing's not a zip any doodah and that's because you guys are making a big bucks
They can't afford it. Is that right? I know seriously. How embarrassing is that in other words
We don't want to be grateful and thankful to our fine audience power 96 a bunch of pumps a bunch of drug addicts over there
Listen to power 96 probably shooting up heroin in the parking lot while they're waiting to get their turkey
God almighty and this is the best we can do for our people we want some turkeys now our audience deserves turkeys
Okay, and the problem is we got a bunch of turkeys running this joint
That's why we got nothing to give away nothing empty handed
Never wouldn't Sonny said about his brother coming out of the tea room would just is
Turkey in his hand
Boy, oh boy. This is bad anyway to pull today about religion and now I feel that's bad news
So they're lined up from near all the way up to all way into county line road all the way to the stadium probably
Yeah, the hammer came in and said that the line is absurd. I mean he get
Yeah, how many turkeys do the hammer of scotwood?
Yeah, don't surprise me. He's probably just gonna take him over to his friends for th
Yeah, they'll be gone by Thursday
497 religion is a man-made cred now you didn't put on it when I told him but that's okay because you know
You already did your a tough thing for the day because it's the killing time to noon
Sent me faxes of stuff that we had on a month ago
Religion is a man-made cred for weak people to await can there be any doubt moderately important to me 92
Well, that's very sad a great tax-free scam 82 you know, why didn't we think it up not very important in my life
73 and very important in my life 42 and I feel so badly for you people
I feel so bad that you're so weak in it your brainwashing your children and making them go to Catholic school
Get them listed by the priest or make them go to school and get all the stupid and put on the little
Skull cap so the kids can laugh at him and
And put most to fill them on and practically cutting off their circulation
How about poor Yuri Fisher in that red wing game last night had a hard seizure and his heart actually stopped
So they like called the game off and send everybody home and he's okay
He went to the hospital comes to find out he had a congenital heart defect freeway chase for what Arizona?
There's a freeway chase of what channel are you on CNN headlight news? Oh on headline news because I'm a regular
See and they got a bunch of other and some kind of I guess they're in a break. Oh see a
Chase in Arizona. Look at that. Oh, what I would be saw about two seconds of that. Yeah, I was just a week
Hillsdale Michigan you know, I once worked at a radio station Hillsdale Michigan for a week
That's a true story. I don't remember the call I was working in Albee in Michigan and I left cuz I got an
Offer instead of 75 bucks a week got 80 bucks a week
So I went to a station in Hillsdale Michigan, which is like in southern South Central Michigan
Kind of about 400 people maybe a 10 people and anyway, so they had back in those days
There were no such thing as carts and it was certainly no audio vault or any of this other stuff
So the spots were like either on big disc or they had this real funky kind of a thing
I don't know how to describe it
It was like an old cylinder recorder with a spots record on it and the brakes were so long that it would take you like
In between the brakes you just barely get while you're playing a record
You could just barely get the next bunch of spots cute up for the next break and after the first day
I was ready like for a cardiac arrest. I was like what kind of a crazy places this unbelievable
So I worked there we can then went back to Albion W.A.L.M. Albee in Michigan man
That was it home a Derwood carons. It was our hot 400-year-old program director Derwood carons
Remember one time he had like a bad-bout a diarrhea and he was scheduled to come down to do the news at 11 o'clock in the morning
He came down we're pulling his pants up. This guy weighed about 280 pounds
That's a fight. Yeah, and here's Derwood coming. It's flopping now almost fell down the stairs from the tea room up there
And I sure hope he had finished all the fitness too by the way. I don't know. It smells something bad in there
So that's our pull is about religion you heathen bastards you and that's it all the hatred in the world
Look at it right now the Middle East over there in Iraq
He got the Sunnis and the Kurds and the ways and the sea heights and
Gs and Northern Ireland and all of this stuff and let me say it again the Israelis those are the kind of Jews that I ever grew up with
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69 a.m.
I've ever seen
The Turkey
The biggest turkey they had at Wilson Farms 26 pounds happy thank you
Quick go and set your turkey free
Look
I
of course, it works we'll be saying
Bird
Bring in the turkey!
Move, put our national bird in the house.
And Zep!
Great! Is that a beautiful six-foot swimming city?
What's that?
It's a turkey!
Go, Bongo Go!
Woo!
I like hope to play with you.
Ah!
Bring!
We play!
Yeah, after that, it turns right.
I gotta start watching South Park again.
See that?
I admit that on day when he's not there, he's on vacation.
It would be a bad to do when he's there.
526 votes on a pool, which it's only 1040-70.
You see where we're going with this today again?
Wouldn't that be something?
It would be.
If we could get a thousand votes on our pool every day during Thanksgiving, we'd
ever have it Thursday.
Even though George Corteson I'll be here on Thursday.
That's right.
We're the only ones of the regular staff going to be here on Thursday working our asses
off to try to entertain you folks.
We'll play the rack, play like some great, link-ray music all day, play the jolly green
giant.
In fact, what do we got on Thursday?
We got to the Beast and Shion cope in the morning for the Humper.
Oh, by the way, Bowel is with Gildi today.
Gildi and Bowel?
How do you know?
Because John, what about Bowel?
What about me?
Flottering Bowel is Gildi and Bowel.
So don't be a Shmoe.
Gildi and Bowel.
Now, what kind of appearing is that?
I don't know.
Is that like the Beauty and the Beast?
Or is that like squeaky and something?
See what I'm saying?
You got the wonderful squeaky guy and then you got the guy with a big 7-foot guy, the
jolly green giant.
The jolly white giant, Kim Boe, can't be.
Don't mess with a bowkamp, man.
He'll take that cow from in front of the university dive and stick it where your
moon don't shine.
That's right.
Anyway, what I was starting to say is Thursday before you interrupted me with a thrilling
news about Bowel being out with Gildi.
That'll let it like decrease the squeak factor anyway for a couple of hours for you.
Three hours.
Oh, geez.
So Thursday, Beast and Shion cope.
How come it's got Shion?
Wow.
Okay.
And then you got the Us 10-2 and then Jesse and Todd Kay.
Now, Jesse, angular, is that his name?
That's right.
And of course Todd, which, wow, what can you say about Todd?
You fairy.
From 2 to 4.
And then Curtis and Lenny Martez 4 to 7.
What a lineup on Thursday, man.
It'll make you something to be thankful for.
And that is that those guys aren't on every other day.
Um, uh, Kellevra.
Yeah.
They'll make you very thankful that you don't have to listen to that crap all the other
days of the week.
Believe you me.
Thankful for the rest of us.
So speaking of a religious crap, I got a couple of stories.
I don't want to overdo the stories because Miguel get restart rattling his spear and
taking a spoon and like a little child banging it on the table there.
He's meeting it.
See, I told you yesterday I wasn't going to read anymore.
Well, guess what?
I'll do whatever the hell I want.
How do you like that?
Well, he's on the cell.
He's on his cell.
He ought to be in one.
The former Vickery General of the Roman Catholic diocese of Phoenix was arrested yesterday
on charges.
He fondled boys and young men and asked them.
Prime question about their sex lives that he pretended were part of confession.
Well, you know, what's unique about that?
That's what all that confessions all about.
You're sitting on the one side of the booth.
You know, I tell it all kinds of like personal like crap, which is nobody's business.
And the priest is on the other side.
Like that.
Yeah, where's his hand?
You want to get Joyce right before the holidays?
By the way, yes, that was a powers promotion guy and those turkeys are opening QA and listeners
as well.
They're more than invited.
More than welcome.
So how does this work?
How many are there?
I guess they got a truck full.
Well, but how many is a truck full?
See, I don't want to invite our listeners to come on down now and get in that long line
and then find out that there's only like 10 more.
That's probably what they're pulling on us.
Well, they wouldn't have any more.
I wouldn't have gotten the call.
What?
If there was 10 more.
Well, how about how many are there?
Do we have any idea?
I'll make another call.
Yeah, make another call and find out before I go on here and say, hey, everybody come
down and get a free turkey from your good friends at QA and thanks to the fact we're
stick children to power 96.
I got news for you folks at power 96.
If you had anybody over the age of 15 listening to your radio station would be a major miracle,
okay?
In fact, if you had anybody with an IQ over 15 listening would be like an even bigger
miracle.
But thanks for the turkeys.
Thanks as you'll come back and get one.
Can I get back to my story about this child molesting priest?
Yeah, how's that coming?
On senior DL Fuchsik 53 becomes one of the highest ranking priest to be charged to
make sex scandal.
That's in Gulf of the church.
And you know, as you're not hearing anything about this story at all, I know what I did
hear that they just had, they started with a thousand turkeys.
They're about five to six hundred left.
Oh, five to six hundred left.
No problem.
So, Galen doesn't look to be too long.
Come on down to QM corner of Northwest 2nd Avenue and whatever it is, 441.
Makes it a KFC.
Right in the kitty corner of the KFC and at every white building there on the corner,
where it looks like it used to be a bank and used to be a, what you call, credit union.
But they robbed it so many times they had a quote to credit union down.
Yeah, they're going to laugh, but it's a true story.
It's an Am true story man.
Credit credit.
We got your credit.
The victor general is the highest ranking administrator of a diocese next to the bishop.
Fuchsik was charged with three counts of assault.
That's assault.
Five of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
Two of indecency exposure, all are Mr. Meeners, punishable by more than three years and
nine months at all.
Fuchsik used a relationship of trust to perform criminal acts, including but not limited
to sexual activities in proper sexual discussion at physical contact upon vulnerable minor
and adult victims prosecutor said.
They said Fuchsik committed the acts between 1984 and 1984.
It's a Timothy's Catholic Church in Mesa, Arizona, around property belonging to the church.
The alleged victims were seven young men and boys.
Fuchsik resigned as pastor of Saint Timothy's in April after somebody claimed to have recovered
a repressed memory involving sexual and pro-parieties by Fuchsik in 85.
He denied the allegation remains administrative leave.
The attorney Michael Mannes out of the country couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
Michael Horan and attorney for the diocese said the church knew of one of the alleged victims
because it was settled with him previously.
But in other words, paid him off.
See when they talk about the church settling, that has to do with paying people off.
Of course.
Yeah.
Oh look at this.
A plea deal in the taffod student sex case teacher.
And as we check out.
There is Mrs. Zlumball.
We missed that story.
We'll find it.
Do we really care about that?
No.
No.
Mira Copa attorney Andrew Thomas said the priest conducted sham confessions in which
he extracted details about people's sex lives for his own gratification.
Thomas said that I see has been pro-operative.
I've been impressed by the overall atmosphere that's been projected by the new bishop who's
wearing really nifty overalls.
Prosecutors of clash with the diocese over sex abuse allegations when it was headed by
bishop Thomas O'Brien who was not in 2003 after being arrested and they did their hit
and run.
Oh, I remember that.
Remember that?
Fuchsik was O'Brien's top aide at the time that I see since now headed by bishop Thomas
O'Brien's own state.
I wonder if he's related to Bert O'Brien's state.
He used to play for the lease in the Canadian.
But I doubt it.
And speaking of crazy religion, this here's another good one for you.
I don't want to draw on this religious craft, but never a better time than the holidays.
Not your kids out there.
Don't let your parents lie to you about that Santa Claus craft for Christmas either, okay?
There ain't no sandy claws.
There ain't no tooth fairy.
And are sure as I'll ain't no boogie man under the bed.
The boogie man's in a white house.
Or it's a Casey's house, could be.
Don't be playing that.
See if George was there he'd have that playing already.
Oh, in fact, if George was there we'd already been playing rumble by Link Ray.
Boy, you heard your jolly green jolly green jolly green jolly.
What?
Were you listening to the jolly green jolly?
No, I was not.
That's all news.
We don't care about that.
That's ancient news.
You shouldn't have sent me that fast.
We had that unlike a month ago when an apple and a guy died.
So what about Casey, which way you looking for?
Boogie man.
And what about Link Ray and rumble?
Can't have this problem.
He's got only one.
What is it?
There's no Link Ray in here.
Well, there's definitely his Casey in there boogie man.
Trust me when I tell you the boogie man is in the DCS.
It's in whatever he's got it in the MP3.
It's in the freezer.
Jerry Fallwell is going off the deep ends again.
How do you like that?
June Allison is really impressed.
Crazy person.
Can you say crazy little boy?
Evangelical Christian passed to Jerry Fallwell as a message for Americans when it comes to celebrating Christmas this year.
You read the wittest area against us.
Aha.
More of our visit and go on our ass.
Fallwell is the power of his 24,000-member congregation behind the Friend or Foe Christmas campaign.
An effort led by the conservative legal organization Liberty Council a bunch of Nazis if there ever was.
The group promises to file suit against anyone who spreads what it sees as misinformation about how Christmas can be celebrated in schools in public spaces.
The 8,000 members...
There it is.
Hey Casey.
You're fairy.
That's enough.
The 8,000 members of the Christian Educators Association International will be the campaign's eyes and ears in the nation's public schools.
The Harold Angels saying, is that the Mimey-Herald?
Yeah, the Harold Angels sing my ass.
An additional 800 attorneys from another conservative legal group, the Alliance Defense Fund, are standing by as part of a similar reference to the Christmas project.
It's slogan, Merry Christmas is OK to say it.
OK.
OK.
Fanding the U-Log of discontent against what the Liberty Council calls grishes like the ACO U are evangelical at organizations including the 150,000-member American Family Association.
It's called for a boycott of target stores next weekend.
The chain's crime record of this group is a ban on the use of Merry Christmas and stores and accusations of chain denies.
On his show last week Fox News Commentator Bill O'Reilly offered a list of other retailers that he says refused to use Merry Christmas in their store advertising.
Is that before or after he finished with his heavy breathing?
It's a long story which I'll continue because it's too good to let just hang.
You know, we don't want to let it hang?
555, you realize that we're like five, five, six of the way to six, six, six on the pole.
This heathen crowd, you're going to burn in hell. I'll take it, but I'll see you there.
Religion is a man made crutch for weak people, 230, moderately important to me, a hundred.
A great tax free scam, 95, not very important in my life, 79, and very important in my life, 51 getchkeys out there.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the brain.
Any questions?
We'll all be Gerry Paul Whale on the right hand of God.
And when I woke up today I put off TV on an instant of cabinity, or CNN.
I saw purple creature with a gaze sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down, try and the purple pinky winked.
Upside down, try and the purple pinky winked.
Upside down, try and the purple pinky winked.
Hey, tell us, Elin.
Where, just when I thought things couldn't get worse?
I noticed he was carrying a little purse now.
How can they call this a children's show?
I'm very busy, purple, but I have a brown hole.
He was an upside down, try and the purple pinky winked.
Upside down, try and the purple pinky winked.
I love to train your back.
Purple pinky winked.
Hey, tell us, Elin.
We're almost about to risk him time, as hard to believe.
But on the teller, Toby Sumney is a TV street.
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing.
Oh, I think he is.
What a nice job I did there too.
A little...
Yeah, we sure wouldn't want to say balls, or we didn't know.
11.02, there's Alberto, the torture organ,
and Zollers talking about terrorism.
And of course, the timing of this is most interesting and amusing.
Here's Jose Padilla, as that boy should cup,
a soldier that O'Brien said this morning.
Right there in front of at least 10,000 people.
Jose Padilla.
Oh, that is just so sad.
Man, before I finish with the jury fall, I'll crack.
Yeah.
Fairball, Minnesota.
A man, a trip to the restroom resulted in a trip to the hospital
for a blue meter Minnesota man, who accidentally shot himself in a hand
over the weekend at a gun show.
All right.
Fairball police sergeant Richard Larson said the 59-year-old man shot himself
by removing his gun from a hook in the bathroom stall,
while attending the 31st annual Fairball, a rifle, and pistol club gun show
on Sunday morning.
Now, you think the Lord had something to do with that?
That'll teach you to go to a gun show you idiot you lunatics, you gun huggers.
The man was taken to a local hospital, treated and released by Sunday at noon.
The gun show was at the National Guard Armory on Saturday and Sunday.
Really sorry, you missed it.
Stupid.
You missed it?
Yeah.
There is Jose Padilla.
There's Alberto the Torturer.
Oh, that operated in the United States.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say.
We don't believe you.
You're full of cramp.
So anyway, getting back to the jury fall,
while in signing on to Friend or Frodo's month,
Falva urged the 500,000 recipients of his weekly Falval confidential email
to draw a line in the sand and resist bullying tactics of the A-SANU
and others who intimidate school and government officials by spreading misinformation about Christmas.
Oh, gee, like I said, I'm sure Santa brings me something good as Christmas.
Standing on the other side of that sand line,
our religious, liberal, and secular organizations such as the Anti-Defamation League,
whose National Director Abe Foxman, boy,
recently be willing to religious rights efforts to Christianize America.
This amped up effort shows how these groups want to push into the classroom's more,
said Tammy Holtzman.
I wonder if he's kind of Paul Holtzman, assistant director of the Anti-Defamation League
San Francisco orifice.
There is no war against Christmas at very little of the Americans United for separation of
church and state.
There is no G-Hot against Christians.
So there's nothing going on around Christmas except these groups incessant fundraising.
How the season over the whole, whole, whole evolved into Friend or Fro, says Mo.
Shows how the nation's culture was pushed into the season of giving.
It says, see that, and again, this goes right in line with Maya Pol today.
Just creates some good hate.
This is supposed to be the season of good cheer and yada yada yada and given gifts
and everybody loves each other at least one day a year.
No way.
No way.
Each side wants its police accurately represented in the around the nation's winter health,
its public schools and government spaces.
And if not, it'll sue.
It's a sad day in America when you have to retain an attorney to say Merry Christmas,
said Mike Johnson, and Lance Defense Fund Attorney in Louisiana will push the Christmas cause.
He's pushing it.
Okay?
They're pushing it.
It's not enough that we got like 75,000 hours of Christmas programming and Christmas
curals and all these glamour like trying to force their crap on the rest of us.
No, not their pushing Christmas.
Organizers of the Christmas campaigns say many Christians feel aggrieved by the seconderization of the season.
They say teachers feel too intimidated to allow students to sing Silent Night in school
and they believe cities have every right to place an activity seen in a public park.
Now, can we play Silent Fart anymore?
It's got like that little...it doesn't really have a fart sound.
Yeah, yeah, just go for it.
Well, if it's not valid.
No.
See that goes to share right there.
Yeah, go for it.
What do you got to lose your two and a half dollars an hour?
What do you mean?
I got a dump button, you know.
Go for it.
Oh, in other words, you're going to dump it every time I put that...do that little...like that?
Both activities are constitutionally protected.
The Christian groups say provided the kids also sing secular songs and the cities put up
non-religious holiday displays as well.
Friends, according to Friend or Folk Campaign Sponsor Liberty Council, do not discriminate against Christmas.
Those are going to get a letter from one of the pro boner lawyers reminding them that Christmas is constitutional,
not to mention the federal holiday.
Don't you mess with our Christmas, you Jew and he then baffered you.
We'll try to educate, said Matt Staber, President of Liberty Council, but if we can't...we can't educate, we'll litigate.
Or boycott.
The American Family Association called Thursday for Thanksgiving weekend,
shunning of target stories, saying the chain was refusing to allow the phrase,
Merry Christmas on Instra promotions and advertising.
I don't know where they're coming from, targets for someone who's a little bit of a character in a book to reply.
We have no such calls on Christmas.
You can see it in our stores.
At one local target, most of the Instra advertising offers a generic gather round.
One of the few advertising mentions of the C-word is above a Christmas card rack that says,
sell a rate Christmas.
That's not good enough for the American Family Association to buy a real far-bison of goyam.
President Tim Wildman wants to see Merry Christmas signs displayed prominently
if they expect Christians to come in and buy products during this whole call.
So, do you realize how ugly and grotesque this is?
In other words, you're just not religious enough for us.
We're going to tell you how religious to be or we're going to like go someplace else.
We'll go to Walmart.
Is this incredible or what?
They can walk right by and read the sign, Wildman said it's a federal holiday if somebody's upset by that.
They should know they're living in a predominantly Christian nation.
Here we go.
Here we go. That crap again.
A predominantly Christian nation, my ass.
Whereas Wildman shopping next weekend, Wildman already said, what do I tell you?
The evil people shop at Walmart.
I told you that a long time ago.
Yes.
That chain was briefly the target of a boy called by the Catholic right-sleeve to employ the scrap Christmas
in an unflattering way in a company email.
The company has since and the employer since left in the boycott is off.
Though the Catholic right-sleeve still criticizes Walmart for telling his employees to say happy holidays.
See, happy holidays is inclusive.
It includes people who celebrate Christmas, Hanukkah, people don't celebrate any of those as far as religious, etc.
New years of happy holidays is fine.
That should be good enough for anybody.
But not for these guy, a man.
That's right.
Walmart spokesman Dan Fogelman.
Fogelman said the happy holidays reading is more inclusive.
With 130 million customers walking through the door and 1.3 million employees, it's safe to say there are a lot of different faiths out there.
Well, somebody from Walmart finally made some sense.
The ACLU and its supporters believe they're being drawn into a make-believe war.
They say they feel that fewer holidays, season, conflicts, and reason using that everybody seems to know the rules,
except they're trying to make a political point.
People are free to worship and they're homes in their houses of worship if they wear a haul out of haul.
Since the ACLU is dearly gunned, national director of the group Freedom of Religion and Belief program,
you have to ask why do they want to worship in the public schools?
That they're doing this named religion is very, very sad gun said it would be one thing if they're talking about consumerism of the season or something, but they're not.
Other groups are actively countering the Christmas campaigns.
The anti-deformation leaders sent it to send letters to school administrators nationwide and how to negotiate the December dilemma,
emphasizing that schools must be careful not to cross the line between teaching about religious holidays,
which is permitted, and celebrating religious holidays, which is not.
The issue was the dilemma for the anti-deformation leader too, and the commission to poll last month of 800 adults,
57% of whom said Christianity was under attack.
Among evangelicals, the figure was 76%.
There's a lot of fear out there, said Finn Larison, the retired school administrator, is not executive director of the Christian Educator's Association International.
Brainwashers International.
Standing in the middle of the fray are the school administrators like Rob Tesla,
Superintendent of the 24,000 students, San Ramon Valley Unified School District, and California.
Tesla said it's okay, for example, for a teacher to bring a menorah into class, but what's not okay is if a teacher would begin lighting candles and saying prayers.
Baruch, I thought, oh no, what's wrong with that?
Then it becomes a religious ceremony, but honestly, we haven't seen many instances of this in the last few years.
The war has even spread to Bob Nora, said that the Christmas tree farmers association of New York,
he letters organizations named to the Alliance Defense Funds campaign because he said the people who are fighting to save this country are in favor of Christmas.
Sam Mentor in the Wedzade, California Christmas tree association said, his group hadn't taken a position on the issue.
In fact, he doesn't mind the term holiday tree, afraid that anger some friend or folk campaigners.
I don't care what people call him, as long as they buy him, he says, go ahead and call him a weed if you like, just buy him, we want your money.
That's what it's all about, we want your money.
Funny and sunny.
Look at this, you just fact me a story that I got in my power right here about the guy who was shot by the taser in the gendels, I got that right here.
I don't miss a thing.
Thank you anyway.
601 votes on a poll, even Josh is very impressed by that on three days before things, two days before Thanksgiving.
I am.
There is Alberto de Torchera Gonzalez singing indictment.
606 votes, religion is a man made crunch per week people, 252.
Model will be important to me, 109.
A great tax risk, scam 103.
Not very important in my life, 90.
And very important in my life, praise God, 52.
A bunch of people can't think for themselves.
A bunch of guest keys, need a bad crunch.
But that's okay, enjoy it.
Have a good time.
Merry Christmas.
Happy New Year.
Happy January holidays, all these other things.
People are dying, innocent people are dying lifelives, and we're worried about if anybody's going to celebrate Christmas.
And enough to satisfy us.
Enough to satisfy Jerry Fowell.
And Pat Robertson, meanwhile, says that they won't celebrate Christmas.
Let's do a Hugo Chavez.
And when it does, take them out.
Take them out to the nice Thanksgiving dinner, right?
And then, they're pat away.
How do I'm getting some copy here?
Is this, are you sending this?
Or is it coming from inside?
I am sending it to you.
Isn't that sweet?
Getting some new copy then.
We can thank Miguel for that for going back there and butcher them up.
He didn't do like that.
We'll see things like stuff.
Oh, would you guys please send him a copy?
He's bugging me again.
And then, when you please, you know, Miguel went back there and said he's going to start publicizing all the stories from the strip clubs.
Yeah.
He's going to start publicizing all the stories about the sales department, especially one I can think of.
From the strip clubs, okay?
That's the bit we need to play right after the break.
Forget about Silent Night.
That's got too many of those, too many of those in there.
Now, I could try to like finger it out here on the, you know, like I'm playing a piano or something.
I'm not going to do that because I don't know exactly where they fall.
I can give it a shot.
Let's see.
What?
Oh, probably not a good idea.
This is Josh Cordis's fault, by the way.
If there's nothing to work.
Silent Night.
Silent Night.
He can care your nose apart.
Okay, that's it.
I know when to do another one.
I don't know.
When I was doing a job though, when you were doing it.
Hey, that was good.
I'd say that was sensation.
Well, I got a fast finger man.
You ought to see the one I'm using.
It's 1118 at 560 WQM.
We got Mohawar David and 2.
We got Geldie and Volga together in stereo 4 to 7.
730, it's Hurricane Warmup.
And of course, at that time everybody goes by by.
North Carolina, A&T and UM Vazgibol 730.
Should be at least how many people are sin for that?
About 30, man.
But in Kaplan show.
We're going to take a lot of calls now to pacify Miguel.
But there aren't any on the board right at the moment.
No, they're not.
We always be able to take an accord here today.
Nope.
I'm sure they're all going to be great.
Now, what is this thing we got?
Emilia, turkey stuffing.
This is Cuban stuffing.
What does it make you loosen your guia birab?
I'm Thursday then.
I'll tell you that.
Start with a pond of lean ground pork, a pond of green, green, lean ground beef, a pond of ground
ham.
To the field.
Spanish sausages.
Oh my God.
Season with plenty of real garlic salt, a tenor of Spanish olives.
Splash with mojo.
Cuban season sauce.
Ask Jorge, it says.
He ate here.
And mix all these things together.
All of these things.
All of these things.
Stuff your bird so close.
Season your bird with mojo.
Oh, you can even, huh?
Seating your bird with mojo.
You can even inject into the bird by using a large bony.
Or if you have one of those raw and popeel things, one of those, what do they call those?
The injection, the rejection injection thing.
You know what I'm talking about?
We keep stuffing the bird.
Cook your bird and make sure you baste as you cook with mojo.
Oh, mojo.
And that's like Jose Padilla.
Okay.
When you cut it out, like Jerry Falwell says, too many damn goi running around on the
loose.
That's the problem.
I'm so nauseated with this attempt to Christianize America.
When hell is it ever?
Whenever?
No.
And that's the problem with these people.
You can't keep it to yourselves.
Okay.
You have to keep trying to force all your fairy tales and all the rest of us.
We don't want it.
We don't want it.
You got it?
We don't want it.
Go patting your crap.
Go talking to your home as witnesses.
Go knock their door down.
They deserve it.
How many QAAM?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, meal.
I heard you.
Oh, god.
Go away.
Just go die.
Just have somebody stuff him, okay, and like put him on the spit for Thanksgiving.
WQAM, hello.
What are you 39 minutes to be off, right?
I'll crack it.
I'll crack it.
Hey, listen, by the way, call us when you celebrate your 100th birthday next month.
Schmuck.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was calling.
No, yeah.
I bet you were.
That's it.
567-0560.
You were right.
See, this is what Miguel wants.
He wants four hours of this every day.
And you know what?
Fine.
Fine with me.
You know what?
Problem is there aren't any calls today because they got nothing.
They got no material.
We don't have a pool they can have probably much of anything on to.
They got nothing.
They only have the bird.
567-0560.
Tom-560.
He's rising in singular wireless lines.
Very, very sad.
Aren't you disappointed and depressed?
Quite.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering.
Did you look at the calendar today?
What's today's date is?
November 22.
Is there some significance I'm missing, sir?
Yep.
It's the 22nd.
42 years ago we had our last real president.
As opposed to the guy who's in the office now.
I just wanted it to, you know, make it happen.
I mean, I think the break to the news, Steve.
But the president comes into office in January, not in November.
January.
I'm sorry?
I said, have a nice day.
Thanks, Steve.
Turkey.
Wow.
Two, I'm saying.
You know something that goes out of point.
Where else could you get this stuff, huh?
A lot of people would have to pay for material like this, like we give them for free.
One of a kind.
WNQ-YM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
I just want you to know that Mojo is really putting out some mojo.
Mojo, but we can't say that.
So you're joyously going to have stuff we say, a whole.
Mojo.
Mojo is a product that comes from humans that's a bunch of ingredients you put on top of
pork.
Oh, God, see you're making a horse now all the time.
Yeah, but I mean, you know, it's not a turkey, you know, turkey.
You're going to turkey.
That's a turkey.
You can't put turkey more on turkey.
But I just put it on.
Max says he says, put your mojo on the turkey, baby.
I was signed by Mike Myers, okay?
I don't know what that meant.
The good Canadian boy, Mike Myers, he knows we had our Thanksgiving last month.
We don't have to pock you around with your moho.
Maybe it's mojo.
You know, the least games are on Mojo radio here.
Did you know that?
Now you do.
Not for anybody cares.
All right.
Mojo radio.
That's the station that carries the maple, make the leaves games, man.
You better get with it.
Not the fan.
That's everybody's at the fan.
They don't care.
They hear the raptors.
The raptors that beat the heat the other day.
Pretty soundly, too, by the way.
WNQ-Y-M, hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
I'm just curious.
Why is it that all other radio stations can feed the fart noises, but you can't.
I hear them.
I'm good.
I hear fart noises.
How is the one word answer?
Joyce.
Cartoon.
Joyce.
I'm moving.
Well, there are fart sounds at MTV commercials now.
And over the network, there are shows there are fart sounds.
We can't play them because.
And because they're Joyce, because our management are so weak, they won't stand up to that bitch.
And they won't stand up for us.
No matter we get them a 40-year, they still won't go to bat for us, because our management are a bunch of voices, man.
Well, everybody's talking about management.
People come to say, you're fair.
And of course, accurately so in most cases, yes.
So great show, Neil.
And I was at the scene for years and years, but you know, I don't know.
Maybe things would turn around one day.
I don't know.
Maybe that's the only thing I can.
I'm going to have to go out and blow a big one right in our face.
Have a great day, Pally.
You too, right?
Yeah.
A big omelet, egg fart right in our face.
Pretty sad, but that's, you know, beastly broadcasting.
Of course, they, you know, dallyed around, they're with Pharrell and with a stir and show.
And so they put our license and risk and so on.
Other rest of us have to pay the penalty for that, even though we weren't responsible for all of those, uh,
we're not ready just pieces of crap that we warned them.
Don't do it.
Don't do it, Pally.
You got a long life ahead of you.
Don't jump.
And Josh still don't like that movie.
So what were you telling me that George Clooney is going to be made for TV version of Network?
If there's any movie, Psycho didn't need to be remade.
That's for Dan Scher and Network Scher was hell.
I'm with the night of hell.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It didn't need to be remade.
It was the order of the world.
That's right.
Or efficient impossible.
God.
Oh, that wasn't a remake.
That was like a TV show be made in the like a movie for the first time I guess, huh?
Hey, Tom Cruise, by the way.
You fairy.
What just happened to the Apple on here?
What was- oh, I see.
Oh, no.
Somehow I put myself on Internet Explorer.
I don't want to do that.
Enjoy the freedom of Mozilla Firefox by the way.
Go to Firefox and get rid of it.
Explore it and you won't get all that spam and all of those viruses and all that crap on your computer.
Oh, God.
What a difference.
Plus, it speeds it up like about half again this much, doesn't it?
Uh, it makes a difference.
Okay.
I said that just as I'm sitting here waiting and waiting.
I don't know.
Usually it does.
It just, uh, mine today is a little bit slow.
It's commiserating with Jerry Fowler for the Christmas holiday.
It's taking a little time off.
Maybe you need that new computer.
And I don't think so.
Why would I get a new computer?
How long now?
Let me ask you this since you're the maven supposedly.
How long do I expect a computer to last?
The device for like 10 years?
No.
No.
How long?
What's the reasonable time?
This computer is four years old.
And it just throws up by the way.
I mean, you know, my motto is if it works, it works.
Um, you know, every, you know,
I don't know if an 8-row computer had a defect.
I mean, like the radio station I see, you should have told Greg that a long time ago before he screwed up the format.
Before he destroyed our lives.
If an 8-row computer don't fix it.
Yeah.
So give me a timeframe.
I mean, maybe seven years?
Well, some of the words that would be perfect.
That means I got three to go.
Three years on my contract and three to go.
Am I nice?
Do you know any computer?
No.
The monitors, any computer.
Computers like an offshoot of some Hewlett-Packard one.
What is it called?
It's some bootleg Hewlett-Packard.
Oh, actually, it is Hewlett-Packard.
It was the monitor, the one that died,
Ottequist.
It's just like some off brand, you know.
Probably wanted a target.
Oh, I'm sorry, Jerry.
We don't chop the target in Omo.
Because they ain't Christian enough for us.
They're Christmas-ing enough for us.
I think what we ought to do is have like a bunch of get-scuse.
We have preachers and priest and all that stuff and all the stories.
Blessing people, baptizing people,
smear in a little water on their head.
Can't hurt, right?
Sure.
Nobody ever dies from a little smear water on their head.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
You take a bus ride to Lakewood.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if it was John, sir.
McGill, I was just told you that,
but I would say maybe five years on the computer.
Oh, all the servers are about a year to go.
Yeah.
Anyways, it's interesting you were playing the deal from that work
because I'm sure you probably have mentioned it.
I haven't been able to listen to you for the last couple of weeks.
But nightline is doing its last tonight.
Tonight?
Tonight, yeah.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the city.
There you go.
Like I just wanted to say,
the world is a business, Mr. Beale.
Amen.
That's all it is.
You got it.
All right, deal. Take care.
Putting a religion business, don't forget that's the best bill.
That tax exempt, baby.
It's even better than Haliburne.
You got it, sir.
See you, pal.
All right.
Yeah, the religion business, man.
It's monkey business and you people keep subsidizing it no matter how many travel,
us being priests there are.
But yeah, I understand you've been brainwashed from the very youngest moments of your life.
And you can't emancipate your brain from the brainwashing, okay?
Even for me, Geller is probably schlepping his family to church.
No.
No?
I know Josh Kordesanco and to church no more.
No.
Well, what are you laughing about?
Especially with all the hanky-panky you're doing with that girlfriend of yours,
you got to be kidding me.
You thinner.
Yeah, you sit in my god.
That was Miguel wasn't doing that stuff before the day of wedlock, before they put it on a piece of paper.
I mean, illegal.
Hey, I was always doing that when I still wasn't, Chris.
Yeah, I got news for you.
You got to put it on a piece of paper and make a kosher, baby.
This is the only one you're especially more on.
It's the 5.16 Q.
Oh, Joe.
You can love the snail Roger.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
At school, a boy is told by a classmate that most adults are hiding at least one dark secret,
and that this makes it very easy to blackmail them by saying, I know the whole truth, even when you don't know anything.
The boy decides to go home and try it up.
As he's greeted by his mother at the front door, he says, I know the whole truth.
His mother quickly hands him $20 and says, just don't tell your father.
Quite pleased, the boy waits for his father to get home from work and greets him with, I know the whole truth.
The father promptly hands him $40 and says, please don't say a word to your mother.
Very pleased, the boy is on his way to school the next day when he sees the mailman at his front door.
The boy greets him by saying, I know the whole truth.
The mailman drops the bag, opens his arms and says, then come give your father a big hug.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
1133, 27 only.
All I can get is Hermann Gehring.
Sponsored CNN's happy.
AKA Dick Cheney.
Oh, this is the big deal like the Miss Fudge is trying to get him to make a big deal about the ex appeared over the screen over your Chinese face.
Upon seeing this unfortunate, but very brief graphic.
CNN's senior management immediately investigated, we concluded with a tech role mouth function, et cetera, and so on.
But of course, Miss Fudge, she's trying to get everybody fired at CNN because they had the audacity to put a big ex over Dick Cheney.
Maybe it was an act of God, give her a thing of that use, simple than use.
Yeah, quizzling Miss Fudge.
Oh, brother.
Oh, look at that.
He just put an ex over the screen now.
What was getting ready to have?
And that's because they went and ex over Mrs. Limblow plus this guy who looks like Paul Schaeffer.
You watch that?
Yep.
Does he look like Paul Schaeffer on a bad day?
Yes, he did.
I got the shades.
5, 6, 7, come on.
Those calls were just starting to really build up to a fever picture.
We're starting to get really good.
They're toward the SN.
Let's take a whole bunch between all week long, right?
An honor of Thanksgiving.
That's right.
I'm not a residual.
I'm not being here this week.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom 5, 60.
And I'm thanks.
The only thing we can't play is the farting contest for obvious reasons.
I think we're just isn't that fast.
Oh, I would like to hear Paul Boomer one more time.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes.
I'll go Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing, buddy?
All right.
Are you having a good day?
I'm having a great day so far.
Okay.
I need some information.
You used to talk about an arbitrage.
They sent you something in the mail and you fill it out.
Right, Diaries, right.
Diaries, correct.
Okay.
Well, I decided to clock this young lady calls and she says she's from arbitrage.
She's called on the radio.
If she said could you answer a few questions, I said, you're going ahead.
And she says, which radio station do you listen to?
I say 5, 60 AM.
W-2 AM.
She says, okay.
She says, and the next thing she says, which sports do you listen to?
I said all of them.
And then the next question she said, I'm 1 to 7.
Do you watch the commercials on Sunday because they went to the wrong another station?
I listen to W-Q-A-M.
And then she asked me a game around a number of 1 to 7 higher or 1 to 7.
And then she said, what's the W-Q-A-M?
Doles' girlfriend.
That's why I was calling because I was looking for you and I had the same age.
You know, somebody's running a scam, you know.
We're ancient and we've been around a block a few times, we know.
That's right.
Nobody in the arbitrage wants anybody as old as we are.
Right, she never asked me about music or F-M.
And that was Joel's mother-in-law call and believe me.
That's a scam.
Don't get the phone for that.
I didn't fall for it through.
Hang up and tell her if she calls again, you're going to call a police.
I was polite.
You know, I just wanted to talk to you and tell you what's going on.
She calls it back, don't be polite.
Tell her your mama and hang up on it.
Just smash her.
That's it.
Okay, buddy.
Okay, pal, let's see.
You have a great day.
Thank you, too.
How do you like that?
I told you these calls were going to give great.
What's not to like?
675.
That's not to like.
We got to be at 700 right now.
We got to give like 750 by the top of the hour for a shot at that vote in 1,000.
If we don't get 1,000 votes on the poll today, you know what's going to happen?
Our sales manager is going to go running around.
He can't even get 1,000 votes on his poll on his show.
He wants us to sell that piece of crap show.
You know what?
That's going to happen, right?
Oh, yeah.
Piece of turd.
Here's line 9, WDQAM.
Hi, hi, hi.
Okay, that's the Chinese buddy.
Eight off.
Put a little bit of eight off seasoning if you don't have no mouth hole.
WDQAM, hello.
Welcome here.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, that guy was trying to talk to you about.
November 22nd and the president.
Remember that poll?
I think what he was trying to say was this was the anniversary of JFK's.
No, it is not.
Wasn't it November 23rd, 1963?
Was it 22nd?
Well, you could be right.
I thought it was today.
Was it the 22nd?
I believe so.
Yes, I was in the sixth grade and it was, uh,
well, why didn't he slide in the same?
I don't know.
You know how people get on the phone and they try and make long drawn out stories like, yeah, maybe this one.
But hey, one other thing.
Well, you're right.
It was November 22nd, 1963.
This is the, what, 80 millionth anniversary of the assassination of President Kennedy.
4742.
But who's counting?
Hey, one other thing that you don't have to say on the rate anymore.
I won't say it, but remember the duly bogged is what Rick and Sudges to say,
standing for TB and not a lot of say that anymore.
I'm not forbid.
No, we can say bag and we can also say a douche, but not together.
Well, that echo has killed me.
Have a great day.
That was bad.
Yeah.
In November 22nd, you're right.
I apologize to you who called me before.
I was very rude and asked, yeah, I don't apologize for that though.
I like being rude and nasty.
But that was the day that JFK was being not by Lee Harbias well, of course, but nevertheless.
Thank you very much for the facts and for the call.
That's right.
That's enough of that.
Let's see.
Here's one that says, thank you for telling us that all those Christian groups are work harder in target.
I'll make it my point to do all my holiday shopping at target.
Excellent.
And I'll go out of my way.
I'll get the rest of you to buy everything I can to target.
May Merry Joyce miss goody two shoes, phonies, right?
Right away.
Joyce them.
What?
That note on the JFK thing.
That was from my lady, listener.
Looks like.
Yeah.
Very good.
Paul, thanks, Paul, that.
Well, we don't have, we have like how many lady listeners?
About 30, man.
Have many and there's no point in my continuing to repeat it because it's beating a dead horse, man.
It's like beating a dead moho.
There's no point.
684 votes on our religion poll today.
I've asked yourself of it.
And of course, you see all this stuff that's going on right now.
That's a classic example of religious intolerance.
That's what religion is all about.
Mine is better than yours.
My fairy tale's a bit of my god is better than yours.
He's more powerful.
He's going to kick your ass.
You're going to burn in hell.
My priest has got to molest your kids.
All of those other stuff, you know?
Stop already with an nonsense.
This is like, we're not about whether Pete Rose is going to haul a shame or not.
Who cares?
2,097 dead American soldiers based on a pack of lies.
And now the response is, well, now that we're there, you know, we can't go back in time.
And I'll argue about whether it was bad intelligence or just a presence of moron or did they do intend.
Now we got to worry about how do we get ourselves out.
That's why they call it a cragmyersie.
That's what a cragmyer is.
You get yourself into something you can't get out of.
And that's exactly what they did.
There's no honorable way out because they turned it into a bloodbath.
They turned a place that was, you know, under very good dictatorial control by a guy that we put in the first place.
And everything was just fine.
A quality of life.
They were living a better quality of life than any of the Arab countries.
Maybe Egypt, a little, but maybe not.
And the women certainly were better off, but not now, not no more.
Because you let all these religious refugees, most of whom, by the way, are Iranians.
They're all buddies with Iranians.
You let them take control.
And it's pretty soon you'll have the Iatol in there.
And how come all of a sudden, I'll ask my child to be such an honorable guy.
He's part of this government that we set up in there, another one of our puppets.
And in the meantime, just a few months ago, we were like,
rating his apartment to get his computer records because he was feeding secrets of the name Iranians.
Huh? Huh? Huh?
How come the media is not asking these questions?
You maniacs, you lunatics.
They're too busy talking about Jose Padilla and the Freedom Flotilla.
Oh, sorry Miguel.
It's okay.
70 QA and hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Alan.
Pretty good.
Five and a half days without power after the storm, I get my FD and L Bill and it's higher.
For this year than it was for the same period last year.
I would wipe very thoroughly with that thing and I would put a novel up and set it right back to him.
You know, funny you mentioned that because it just about did.
And I'm on the phone and they're asking me all the stories about my house
and what kind of air condition I have and see him in fans and washer and dry.
So I have the exact same everything that I had last year at this time.
Right.
There's no, well, you know, when the AC comes back on, when the power comes back on, the AC has to cool the house up.
I said, there was cold after the hurricane.
Right.
When those were open, I said, you know, it said the weather was beautiful down here.
I said, I didn't open the AC till a week after that, so the power came back out.
And I'm like, you can't logically tell me that my bill should be higher this year than it was for the same period last year
after having no power for five and a half days.
And on and on and on of it just not going to bunch.
I thought it was like an estimated reading or something, but no, it goes strictly by meter reading.
I say let's put a new F in F P and L man, F M.
It's unbelievable.
And it's just just the starting out.
All the crap, all there is a hurricane, surcharge and all this stuff.
It just is, there's nothing you can do about it.
Yeah. Well, my favorite article of all of them was about how the PSC and the, and, oh, here in the fact I got it right here.
Utility industry in the public service commission have close ties, no kidding.
They're all in bed together, man. They're all a bunch of crooks.
Oh, man, they all choke on the turkey ball and on third.
Amen. Well, say five.
I didn't like that. There's a guy, a period at Florida, a plunder and loot.
I'm going to, in fact, inspired me to read that story when we come back.
And was Jose Padilla on the Freedom Flutea.
This is Neil Rogers. This is five sec.
Oh, in that power company.
You put the utility in utility, Florida, paradise and life.
There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you.
When a storm threatens, we can count on you to turn our power off long before it gets here.
Leaving the rest of us tomorrow at the Blue Flow of Exploding Transformers, providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology.
And in the moist heat of tropical darkness, the weakening batteries in our radio is broadcast your latest press release for South Florida.
That says your trucks and crews are ready to roll from the Alabama State border and requesting an everyone's mind.
So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many SPL emergency crews does it take to change the life hold?
Florida, paradise and life. This spreads for you.
In that power company.
Yeah, we're missing few folks at FP&L.
Not the workers out there, but the corporate executive, the ripoff artist is rotten hell, okay?
FP&L. That will be swell.
In a building at the edge of Tallahassee, a five little lone state officials were meeting coming months to decide whether to raise your electric bill, the Pay for Damage from Hurricane Wilma.
The Florida Public Service Commission, a board appointed by your fat ass governor, sets rates and standards for foreign electric service and has a reputation justified or not.
For giving these industries exactly what they want.
Electric and telecommunications companies make massive campaign contributions to these state politicians who choose the commissioners.
They spend millions on outside lawyers and consultants in rate cases in front of the commission, dwarfing the entire annual budget of the state hired attorney who argues on the consumer side.
And some commissioners have a history of close relationships and questionable contacts with the companies they are supposed to be regulating.
Attorney General Charlie Chris, do fair, a Republican candidate for governor caused the commission a lackdog to the industry.
The commissioners were either unavailable or declined to comment to the scum sentinel.
Bell South Corp and Florida Plutton and Lutton, I exercise undue influence on a commission as evidence Florida Plutton and Lutts folks have been built swank.
Noted to the commission recently rejected the company's request for a $25 million surcharge to pay for repairs that it's porting loosely nuclear plan.
Still, and a report this year on the financial strength of Florida Plutton and Lutts bonds, the Fitch ratings for employees praised Florida's historically constructive regulatory environment.
In a 2004 speech at the Utilities Conference, Paul Cutler, Treasurer of FPL Group Inc. parent of FPL said,
our commissioners have really have a focus of working with us in a constructive way to maintain the financial strength of the company.
Two weeks ago, with many South Florida residents still angry that FPL overoutages from the hurricane, the commission improved an increase of at least 19% electric bills to cover higher fuel costs for power plants.
The commission consists of two lawyers, a management consultant and accountant and a former state representative, each draws an annual salary of 128,000 plus.
Twelve years ago, a commissioner resigned after revelations he was dating an employee of Southern Bell, predecessor of Bell South.
This year, three current commissioners and a former one were accused of improperly accepting meals from telecommunications companies that had a conference in Miami Beach.
A state ethics panel cleared them by retroactively applying a new law that legalized such practices.
The PSC has been too cozy with the Utilities at State Center to Nancy Arginziano, a Republican from Dunnell, who sits on a commission oversight committee.
They don't need to be wind and dying by the Utilities.
If there's any debate over the commissioners are too close to the industries they regulate, there's little question those companies are a good source to implement after they leave orifice.
Of 19 former commissioners, at least 10 became consultants, attorneys, or lobbyists for electric utilities or telecommunications companies.
Just to coincidence, I guess, they include former commissioner Frank Messesmith, now lobbyist for MCI World Cup, and Tamp Electric, former chairman Michael Wilson-Brespritz and pro-government relations of FPL Group, and former chairwoman Susan Clarkie lobbyist for FPL Gulf Power Company, progress energy and Tamp Electric Comp.
Senate President Tom Lee of Brandon, Brandon, hold what a place.
Yeah, yeah.
Well that's your home, ain't it? It was.
Well, you'd think he'd be like doing the Sprinklin' Mojo on a microphone.
Sprinklin' Mojo on my coffee.
Senate President Tom Lee of Brandon, Republican of course, is pushing for the commission to be more consumer-oriented, said it's fairly obvious that the exit strategy for most commissioners to work in the industries they regulate.
Clark and Wilson can be reached for comment. Messesmith said he never lobbies the PSC itself for his work for MCI and Tamp Electric Co.
One state official is in charge of representing consumers at commissionaries, and his budget keeps getting cut.
One guy stand up for you people, and they keep slicing them and slicing them and dicing them, with the Ron Popeel Vegematic.
Here on McLean is the state's public council, when FPL argues in favor of a rate increase with the commissioners essentially sitting as judges, the claim presents the public's case against it.
The legislature has steadily cut the public council's budget, and dropped from $2.7 million dollars in 98 to 2.2 million this year, staffing fell from 30 lawyers, analysts and other staff to 16 and a half, in other words about 1.5.
Half the people wrote a batch for you folks, as there were like just a few years ago.
That's the kind of freaking state you live in, okay? They got you by the short hairs.
If you don't like it, go to the competitor, or there isn't one well too bad.
Live in the dark. Live with Johnny Dark, a fate worse than death. He'll take you to do guys if they were open up again.
713 votes. I bet your Johnny Dark hasn't come around for any female since the last time where you shine his ass, has he?
No. Good. You even know who Johnny Dark is doing.
I don't. What about McLean? Is he gone already? I'm here.
You don't know Johnny Dark? Isn't he across the street?
He is? Didn't we do this before? Is any of this a kiss? Isn't that the guy of kiss?
Oh, he's kissing them all right. Religion is a man-made crutch for weak people, 295.
Moderately important to me, 124 moderate, as the moderate religion is Getski.
A great tax-free scam, 122. Not very important in my life, 109. And very important in my life, 63.
And they want you to know it. They're going to break your arm to make you worship the Lord.
They're going to make you see the light. They're going to drag you along with them with them whether you want to go or not.
How's that? Let's go.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. By the way, speaking of Florida, Plunder, and Loon, I hate to read this story.
You're going to go pretty soon, aren't you? We hope I mean pretty soon.
Uh-huh. And what appears to be the start of a lengthy battle between angry customers and the power company protected by government from many legal claims?
Laura's filed a lawsuit Friday seeking class action status against Florida Plunder and Loon.
It was the second time in two days that FPL has been hit with lawsuit,
concerning its response to the Hurray Keynes. Maybe that's why they lost that game Saturday, huh?
The complaint filed Friday in dates their concord, charge, and the utility and public service commission,
with having no rational basis for forcing customers to make $34 million to make up for lost revenue,
compensation to FPL for the money lost because customers baked for days in the dark after three Hurray Keynes last year.
This is last year.
Another suit filed Thursday in Broward accuses FPL of gross negligence,
and it's fated to properly maintain secure and protected utility polls and substations.
And whoever filed that lawsuit is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
Florida Plunder released spokesman and she'll bill swanx of the firm's lawyers having had a chance to study either lawsuit, could make any comment.
But they said they've done nothing wrong, you know? The nothing wrong?
The plaintiffs' attorneys may face a difficult legal path, especially in the gross negligence lawsuit,
which will need to overcome protection of the states given FPL.
Built into the company's tear of these data proof contracts between the utility and customers,
is a provision that customers cannot suit and recover money they lost simply because their power went out.
Virtually all utilities around the country are predicted by similar provisions.
Stan Burman, I wonder if he's keen to stand by the steam. Stan Burman, a Seattle,
or a specializing in utilities cases says,
If you think about it, electricity is used to power every business there is.
It will be pretty scary, meaning risky if you are potentially on the hook for losses in every business in your area.
That's why state legislatures have been pretty generous in giving exceptions to utilities.
Most protections apply to ordinary negligence, Burman said,
meaning a court would have to find that utilities conduct had been extraordinarily bad gross negligence.
That's what we're talking about. That's exactly what the Broward Laws would hope to show in legends that FPL has routinely engaged in the practice of cutting staff
to increase its profit margins for its stockholders like that Jack S.
They called that they about, oh, FPL works for me. Remember that Jack S.?
Yep.
He died between what he called us in now. We can only pray.
One of the lawyers making the allegation is Harley Tropin, co-counsel for a federal case that has gained $700 million for $700,000
Accusing health insurers engaged in a racketeering conspiracy to delay or deny doctors claims.
The other case too is hammering on allegation that the state has done a poor job,
a peep poor job of handling Florida's largest power company. Boys, there any doubt about that?
No.
Ronald Garralnik gave it a remind me plaintiff's attorney who brought the date case points out that FPL didn't even ask for the lost revenue money,
which will cost the average customer $1.68 a month for two and a half years, PSC staff were the ones who urged the charge.
The public service commission is supposed to protect the public public business and they didn't do what he said Friday.
They didn't even ask for it to publics who well we had that story when it happened, but I'll say it again.
FPL and L, the Ray Roberts that they didn't even ask for the search, the public service commission said,
oh yeah, how come you, what give it to you? Just ask for this and you got it.
Yeah, hey, you're better off.
Great for public, baby.
Getting rapids, lots of fun. Just ask them all, my sir.
He'll tell you what you got to do.
God, even he's getting sick and tired of it.
And so are the consumers out there getting just nailed in the shorts, air-beast thinking time.
Not bad enough that they have to put up with the aftermath of disaster, then they have to get raped and into one top of it.
Hey, just pay a dollar or less.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's that one, though.
That will turn it all around.
726, we got four minutes to get up to 750, then I think we might be a shoe in for a thousand, don't you?
Yeah, we're good.
And Miguel is leaving us.
Thanks so much for whatever you did this morning for going to the sales department and kicking their ass.
We got some copy out of them.
It's a miracle.
I'm right to death.
I'm right to die.
I know.
November 22nd, the day JFK was shot and the day Miguel putched up the sales department briefly.
This is Neil Roger Nightman.
I, this is 516,000 dollars.
I am Frail, Ili, and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Roge, a Munista hour.
Take high and cool!
Tell me something we don't already know Mr. President.
And our country is at war.
And our government has the obligation to protect the American people.
Tell me something we don't already know Mr. President.
And we are aggressively doing that.
We are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice.
We are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding.
We are trying to disrupt their plots and plans.
Anything we do to that effort, any activity we conduct is within the law.
We do not torture them.
And I wonder how much you tell the truth sometimes.
There's an enemy that works in plots and plans in Washington, America again.
So you have real aggressively pursued them.
Tell me something we don't already know Mr. President.
And we will do so under the law.
And that's why you're saying there was a administration going to raise the Congress.
We do not torture them.
And I wonder how much you tell the truth sometimes.
We do not torture them.
We do not torture them.
You're torturing us.
I've said that.
1202 and I got a great article here about how Tony Blair had to talk to a bush out of bombing LG Zero.
But I can't do it because my computer is dying.
Hey, maybe you need to do it.
I think so.
I'm going to now.
What would you recommend?
I'm going to I'm rebooting now.
I can get that story and I'll read it right off to you.
I think if I have to.
Like, I can.
It's obvious it's on the Slice legs because all of a sudden the last couple of days it's just starting to like do this a lot.
Isn't that the sign, you know, like it's gasping for oxygen?
Yeah.
Well, plus, you know, you got the big bush and go get a new one.
Now, yeah, like I said, keep that one.
No, I, I, yeah, keep this one.
And what am I going to do with this thing completely breaks down?
I can't send you this 55 60 bedtime stories every day.
And then you can't scan that cash, huh?
Hey, listen, just keep that one.
Get a new one right.
Anyway, it's a good story.
So Miguel is gone.
It's just us now.
And I think I have a feeling now.
Let's see.
He'll be back tomorrow.
I guess, right?
Yeah.
And Thursday.
I don't think he'll be on Friday.
No, probably not.
It's just going to be, let's see, the Humper is working Friday.
We're working Friday.
That's it, right?
No, a Moe, mad dog Friday at Hooters in Pemberg Pines, 4 to 7, a mad dog.
Of course, he's got today off.
So he's, you know, you don't want to overdo it.
And he's also got Thursday off.
Of course.
So just picking and choosing whatever we can.
Anytime.
Let's take a whole bunch of calls here while my computer is trying to like reboot.
All right.
How booted.
Dominic, Qion.
Hello.
Hey, Collie.
Yes, sir.
Listen, why would they call off the hockey game?
The guy wasn't raping it did.
He just passed out, you know?
Yeah.
My hybrid.
And I actually, I don't know why they didn't call the game off.
They were all very shaken and shocked.
I mean, the guy had like almost died.
They had to restart his heart.
That's tough, man.
But those people who have paid money to go see a hockey game.
I guess they tried probably to, we're losing the national one-elf
and they figured things weren't going well.
So let's just cancel the game and maybe when we get things all, you know, things going again,
we'll come back and play them.
I actually didn't see the episode happen, but I tuned in just shortly after it happened.
Because there was only that one early game last night was Nashville and Detroit, which isn't, I mean, I could look without that.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, but you could.
All right, I got my thing back.
Now, let me get off this explorer because boy, do I hate Internet Explorer?
I wish they would only go with the FDNL people, okay?
Burn in a hill.
Let me get back on my Firefox and see if I can find that story.
Now, of course, now I got to figure out where the hell I found that story in the first place.
It was probably on your girlfriend, Lynn St. Louis, find website is where I found that story.
About how Tony Blair had a restrain the bush, my sir.
He wanted to bomb Al's a zero bomb everybody, man.
Wtc.ym.
Hello.
Hey, yes, sir.
Listen, I had a radio accident the other day.
Oh, how sad.
Yeah, on another, there's another sports radio station in town.
We're not going to mention things, but we're not going to mention 790 in Joel Feinberg, are we?
No, no, no, not in Feinberg, but this guy named Sid.
Have you heard this guy?
No, Sid, uh, loudmouth Sid now.
Oh my God, it's 39-year-old.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Read, read, read, read, read, read.
If he had plaid pants, it'd be the spit nemido.
He's a New York due down here on a radio station.
He talks exactly like Mohaward.
He speaks exactly like him.
Oh, I saw him on IMS when before we got canned on MSNBC, I used to see money.
I'm sure doing the sports.
Whenever you're allowed, the York you think make more food comments.
He talks just like Mohaward David, except the guy's only 40 years old.
So we got to get him some plaid pants and a golf shirt and what do you call that,
a mouthy-to-pay thing?
Yeah, then, right back off his new show.
Yeah, we'll do the last grad rambla on 790.
I have a good weekend, Neil.
Okay, you two.
Okay, I'm putting the story out and with any luck it'll come on.
It'll pop out of that machine, Mon.
It's a good machine.
It's got to take some luck, though.
So I got me a new facts and a fool all in one facts and whatever else this thing does.
And printer and copier and et cetera.
And here comes that story, maybe.
Hot off the press.
Ah!
Okay.
There were calls for Downing Street to publish the transcript of a conversation
between Tony Blair and US President George Bush.
He made claims that the Prime Minister persuaded Mr. Bush not to launch a military strike
on a TV station in a friendly Arab state.
According to the unnamed sources quoted in the Daily Mirror of the Memo,
stamps top secret records.
Records, Mr. Bush, suggesting that he might order the bombing of Al Jazeera Studios in gutter.
They were kind of like that gutter religion that Louis Ferrican's always talking about.
gutter.
Where's that guitar?
Depending on how they pronounce it this week.
How much of that guitar pasta?
Do you ever have that pasta ala guitar?
No.
What a reason they call it that is the old Italian women.
They cut the strips of flour and they cut into small pasta like things
and looked like an old guitar.
Although I had dynamite Italian food last night.
We're going to have that.
Carlucci's?
Carlucci's.
Where the hell is Carlucci's?
I think there's a bunch of them.
But the one I went to was on...
Is it Coushine?
Yeah, I think it's a chain.
It was on Andrews and Cypress Creek.
Yeah, pulpano.
We heard good things about Carlucci's.
Coushicucci, let's go to Carlucci's, okay?
Yeah.
Okay, I'm glad to hear that.
Nothing like Rome, though, but then again, what else?
That's as close to Rome as you're getting anytime soon.
Pretty much.
Anyway, this memo allegedly details how Mr. Blair argued against an attack
on the station's buildings in the business district of Doha,
the capital city of Gutter, which is a key ally of the West and the Persian Gulf.
Al Jazeera sparked the anger of the US administration by broadcasting video messages
from Osama Yamama and leaders of the insurgency in Iraq,
as well as showing footage of the bodies of US servicemen
and Iraqi civilians killed in a fighting.
Too much truth for the Bush administration to handle it.
I can't handle it.
According to the Mirror's source, the transcript records conversation
during Mr. Blair's visit to the White House April 16th of last year
in the wake of a failed attempt to root out insurgeons in the city of Fallujah,
in which 30 US Marines died.
But third, man!
A spokesman for 10 Downey Street refused to discuss the leaked memo.
Off a lot of leak can go on, you know what?
Where's the urine lady when we need her?
A lot of leak can go on.
But former defense minister Peter Killford, a leading laborer of photo of the Iraq War,
called for the document to be made public.
I believe the Downey Street oughta published this memo in the interest of transparency,
given that much of the detail appears to be in the public domain he said.
And it goes on and on.
It'll be on a website tomorrow.
I emailed it to you.
Word.
758 votes in that pool.
We could make our thousand a day.
We'd be pretty proud of that.
Don't there's that fat, tub of crap, Ariel Shiro now?
He's gonna be a liberal now.
Right.
That's what Hermann Gehring said to right before the end of the war.
5670560.
Pound 560 and leave a rise in the singular.
Here's that CNN international crap they're putting on again.
This is a joke.
This is a budget cutting move in a pretend like, oh well this has always been on.
Hasn't it no?
WDQA M. Hello.
Hello.
How you doing, sir?
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Okay.
If they compliment your show, I'd like to hear Tommy Ty please.
Tommy Ty.
You know if you're gonna request to compliment my show, he'll even compliment my show on the light pal.
How old?
I'm Tommy from Ty Tommy saying for the best high food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, comment down to Ty Tommy or selfies.
We know like black people.
They don't keep well.
Besides, why black people are too expensive anyway?
We're not have bright chicken on the menu.
Oh wait, I forget.
We have spare ribs.
Sucing, I call.
Cut us the ribs, I'll make you.
They type a dough.
So, if you're not black, comment down to Ty Tommy.
Come to think of it.
Don't stem gay people.
We know like them either.
Should they tip food, but they talk too loud with funny lips.
They serve other customers.
No come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, light of people, you make reservation for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and explain your table.
We give to someone else already.
Black people are always lame.
No black, no gay, no black and entire Tommy.
And Jewish people, you start figuring out a bill.
Who cares who have what?
Take when an angle, set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try and divide up bill.
We know what you hear.
No Jew, no black, no black, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better that everybody else
complain too much if we don't kiss your ass.
You will not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no Latinos, no gay.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Come on down to Thai Tommy, undefeated.
Hurry before we have to close.
You must run out too.
Don't forget no mole.
Don't worry.
No mole with that crap.
We got moa to this afternoon like it or not.
It's 11 past noon.
Let's see, what are the panthers playing again tomorrow?
Tomorrow night, is that a home game?
The devil's in town to play the panthers?
Is that correct?
Am I looking at the schedule right or not?
I believe so.
Oh boy.
At least there will be a bigger crowd there than it would be in Jersey
because the New Jersey ain't there.
And that's a team with no fan base.
It's a fan team.
Worst end of the year?
Oh yes.
The U.B.
Go boring and nobody there.
And like I said before the show, and I'll say it on the air,
and this is the truth whether you like it or not.
The only reason that the Florida panthers still exist is because of that one great
season when we went to the Santa Cup finals about a hundred years ago in the older arena.
That's the only reason they built way in that New Arena because they kept threatening to move to Nashville at the time or Portland.
Or just threatening somewhere.
Take up his balls and leave.
And of course the other thing is if they wouldn't have the New Arena,
they'd have gone many, many years ago.
So they're still living off of that one year and it's a little bit stale and moldy if you ask me.
That was exciting.
I will say that I was even hooked over.
Even you got sucked into that.
We love the panthers.
It's really great.
They're throwing the rats on the air.
It's like a bunch of stupid morons, you know.
Just like that thing at the beginning of the season this year when they're talking about throwing the rats on the ice again.
I remember the Humper gave me that.
Oh, when they've asked the league, yeah, ask this.
Okay, you idiots.
Throwing a bunch of crap on the ice.
That's the Florida F and way.
I'll show you what they know about the game.
Very sad.
From at its fast note at 560 WQM, I'll tell you one thing that so you winds up on the floor and that's your hair.
On the floor, down the sink, down the drain.
If your hair is slowly but surely or maybe rapidly vanishing from the top of your head,
you want to get it back.
Call my good buddy Chuck Alphiri.
For over 30 amazing years, model.
For the man.
Alphiri has been helping the famous and not so famous.
Look their best with the natural hairline system.
You could spend a fortune and you go out there and buy a muskrat or get the implants and have the blood gripping down your forehead.
Take those dangerous pills.
Whatever you want to do, you cannot get a better looking piece at any prices.
Even the guys with the big bucks go to see Chuck Alphiri.
So the choice is yours.
And of course you have nothing loose but your ball spot because Charlie's work is completely guaranteed.
It's processed in for a month.
For about 30 days.
For 30 more.
Less and if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting an action up the old nose, return it for a full refund.
Make the call today, toll free 1-800-321-2413.
Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the Near Riders show him get a special $200 discount
off the regular $800 price of that natural hairline system.
toll free it's 1-800-321-2413.
You'll look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again.
1-800-321-2413 around the web, it's Charles Alphiere.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I can't believe that more people use disposable razors these days.
Okay.
During the break, I'll word this baby.
Can I face it?
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
I'll just type it to him or something.
He's got red slippers on.
He's got red slippers.
He's got red slippers.
He's got fashion plate to move and not see Pope.
That's a lovely thing he's going to his feet.
Hey, the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian
or maybe Faes rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
Now every Friday through Sunday night, you can enjoy lobster fest.
Featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night is crab not fast with lask and snow crab legs.
Dungeon is crab and Jonas Stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half shell.
And a sushi bar with over 30 different.
A sushi as Terry Bradshaw would say.
He's a moron.
The Emerald Coast also served in New York steaks.
Juicy and delicious cooked away 11 and hand-carb primary.
There's so much food.
You're just about passed out on the floor.
But on the weekends, savor them for dessert.
Because Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain is waiting for you.
You can end up your own strawberry.
Marshmallow's other decade in treats.
You can even stick your banana in there.
And don't forget the Emerald Coast tomorrow.
Telltaley living cooking all their fine cuisine with only.
Kalester all freaking oil.
No MSG at a no-corn starch.
No headaches just a big fat smile on your poos.
So book your reservation to the Emerald Coast 3 locations there in sunrise.
Sunny-Ols Beach and Pepper Pines.
For the Emerald Coast it's 9.5.4.
5.7.2.38.22.
9.5.4.
5.7.2.38.22.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6.9.8.
Now, chicken little gets bird flu.
We gotta get rid of chicken little.
He's got fan flu.
I'm using a bow and arrow.
Sure we will do safety guides, Lions.
I know what I'm doing.
No!
It's a new cap.
Plan B?
Of course. Plan B.
What is Plan B?
Plan B? Love trap.
It just chopped off his arm.
Chicken little gets bird flu.
Are we talking about?
At least we can tell the video that chicken's gone wild.
So I think all I could do was do it during the summer months.
I think he's starting to affect you.
In other words, you had this myopic view of the world.
And you think that everything that you prefer, everybody else prefers.
That's George's motto in life.
You know, the way he views the world, that's gotta be the accurate way.
Kind of like George Bush, my way or the highway.
Like Jerry Falwell said about Christmas.
For you to say that you can't imagine you never met anybody who prefers a disposable razor.
Why do you think that when you walk into your wall greens or your supermarket
and you go to where the razor is are, there's 80 billion disposable razors
and there's like one little hoax it now there.
It's got the mock three turbo and one next to it that's got the mock three regular
and then the thing with the refills for those.
And there's 8500 other ones with disposable razors.
There's chicken, there's your light and there's Wilkerson.
And there's this and that and the big chicken, big.
All right, you're making bake.
Remember my part of the argument?
You've seen any commercials for disposable razors?
And because they don't have to advertise them.
That's why.
Because they got something new and more.
See, this is the chef voyart anything I'm trying to explain to you.
Don't you understand?
This is something more expensive.
So they can tell you, oh, it's more expensive.
So therefore it must be better.
So they much rather have you buy the $12 razor than buy something like half a dozen
for like two and a half bucks.
Right.
And I'll agree with that but like they are better.
It's a better razor.
You have to re-rate.
No.
No.
Why would I tell you otherwise?
I tried it for a week and a half and the first day I thought because it was the novelty of the thing
or the thought, oh, this is really neat, you know, and it vibrates and it's cramp.
Okay.
Okay.
And on the other pool, because Eric, I'm sure we need the options and I can switch it.
I don't think we want to get pushy here but look at that Eric.
Nice going, Eric.
He must be between sandwiches now.
Well, that's right.
It's $12.30 already.
He's taking a breather between his midday snack.
You already had a couple of lunches.
So there's the new pool.
I made it very simple for you.
But I did it so that you can get your kicks.
What are you shave with?
Electric razor, mock three turbo, mock three non-turbo or disposable razor.
Is that covered in all?
I'd say so.
Okay.
Is there something else I left off?
No, no, no guy's shaved with that straight razor, that crap anymore.
Or what about, wait a minute.
There still are people.
I know it comes in shock to you.
Old-fashioned blades.
Old-fashioned blade razor.
You better put that on there.
Not meaning what?
The blades.
You never saw the steel blades, the lye, and the shick.
That's the permanent razor.
It's not disposable.
That's the old-fashioned razor.
Then you open it up and then you slice your fingers with that damn blade and you nick your face off.
There's still guys shabin' with us.
I know that comes in a great shock to you and to me as well.
But there are people put to the old-fashioned, what I just say, old-fashioned razor.
Old-fashioned blade razor.
As in kind of like, yay, blade.
So now, okay, I'm putting on, I'm holding on here disposable razor.
That's what I'm using.
I got the other one.
We're talking about right now.
I mean, just about all guys.
They've tried the, and the brown one, but you got, by the way, it's very good.
I'm not going to knock that.
I've seen the ants for that.
Yeah, great.
They have to advertise it a lot.
Look at that.
Already, what are you shabin' with?
20th, 1st, 23 votes.
Now, this doesn't prove anything yet.
Nine disposable, mock three, non-turbo-six, mock three, turbo-six, electric razor-two, and the old-fashioned
is put on there.
So, so far, are the first 22 votes, nine disposable razor.
But there are a lot of people who agree with you.
They're mockin' schnell with a mock three.
And you know what you guys can have.
I'll send it to you.
I'll put in a real phenomenal open, even if you slice your fingers on it when you open it.
Okay.
WDQYM, hello.
It's interesting that you use that date because that is also our birthday of our savior.
Oh, it's Reverend Jones.
Oh.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Hale.
Yes, sir.
I have shaves with everything on earth and the disposable are the best.
Yes.
Come on, man.
Where do you?
That's Josh argue with you there because he's just intractable and adamantime.
He just uses to deal with the truth.
Well, in the end of the year.
I've been shaving less than 50 years now.
I know a little bit of something about razors and disposable, the pivot-yled disposable.
You couldn't get a closer shave if you like to pin it on.
I also shaved my head and maybe if Josh had a little more than peach buzz, he would agree with us.
That's exactly right.
What kind of a shave does he have to get anyway?
There he is.
There's a guy I see making a case.
Disposable.
He knows his stuff.
He's been around a block a few times.
You're shaving a peach buzz.
That's all I think you might as well think about.
Peach and shave it.
You could grow a beard in a week number one.
Number two, I've never seen it.
You could grow a beard in a week in a week.
Yeah.
I think you're spalling W-E-A-K.
You could grow a weak beard in a year.
Look, I've never even seen a disposable razor with a glide stick.
As far as comfort and shave goes, I'll never understand it.
You know what?
I think my computer just died.
Again?
Yeah, it's just a fatal exception as occurred and it's presently key to continue and will continue.
I've got apologies.
I'm all in place.
Yeah, you're in some trouble there.
Well, this is exciting because I never actually saw a computer die before.
Was it just see how psychic I am was not asking me before how long they last?
Yes.
You don't have to play that.
I'm sitting right here.
Okay.
WQA, I'm razor central.
Hello.
QAM.
Hey, CLI.
Hold on a second.
Yeah, I've recorded it on that man.
And that democracy turbo is incredible.
Is better than any disposable or that track tubes they used to have.
Yeah.
How about your butt?
Buz this.
Maybe he's got a buzz cut.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I keep rolling around and seeing these bumper stickers.
It's got a picture of an embryo on it.
Yeah.
And it says, I knew you before I made you.
God.
Now what I want to know is, can I sue him for child support because if he made you a cousin?
If he made my children, I sure would like to get my money back.
Excellent point.
You've got to help type in the checkers in the mail.
We'll give you the bad line number.
Hang on.
5, 6, 7, 8.
You think this thing is going to come back or what?
This is going to be a pain in the ass.
I rebooted this thing about how many times today?
About 30 minutes.
I know that this computer is at the ass end.
It looks like.
Yeah, I'm not one of those people who likes to mess with stuff.
I must have needs to be replaced.
If everything's working fine, I believe, leave it alone.
But I've noticed like I told you last couple of days this thing is starting to give me little signals that,
Hey, guess what?
Every day of the thing with the mouse?
Yes.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
That was like a little message.
My mouse was giving me a message.
WDQ, what are you in?
Hello.
I'm going to tell you.
Pretty good, Charlie.
Listen, I don't know if you like front line on BPS, the show front line.
I've seen it.
Tonight on front line here, you're doing the investigation on the fumble after Hurricane Katrina,
the government's a response and all that should be pretty good.
Yeah.
Get a lot of people really depressed.
Yeah.
Listen, I'm in the old days around Thanksgiving.
He's supporting Paul Blumer and-
No chance, man.
No chance.
You know what's weird is you can say, you can say it's hard, but you can't make this enough.
Right.
And you can cut a big one too, but you can't put it on the air.
Yeah, but then the other effort, you can make that sound that you can't say to live.
Absolutely.
It's just pathetic.
It's juvenile, it's childish.
And that's America for you, Matt.
It's very sad.
All right.
Well, anyway, have a good holiday and I'm in Florida when this year is clear.
Okay, you too, Pally.
Yeah, thank God I'm going to die pretty soon, you know what?
God, what are you laughing about?
Well, that's a lot of good.
There's a lot of lives throughout the global.
But when the ice caps melt and you guys are going to be drowning and stuff,
I'll be just smiling away in my box.
89 votes.
Okay, now it's starting to get to the boat where it is statistically significant.
What are you shaved with?
Disposable razor, 35.
Mach 3, a non-turbo, 22 Mach 3, turbo, 21.
So if you put those two together, you are ahead, 43, 35.
Electric razor 9.
And the old fashioned, the blue blades, you let blue blades, you'll fashioned blade razor
are two old, funny duties.
Now I would agree with you, but that's just ridiculous.
But nevertheless, creatures have had it.
But disposable razors I would point out, still no more old or with Trumpets, Incos.
Take weight.
Now that's what you put together, the same thing.
And put this together, okay?
Nice one, you're welcome.
Nice one.
Hi.
Don't let me hold you.
Don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, not.
I got to say that Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you.
Why did you must have misunderstood me?
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You'll move the practice.
Okay, okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What are you doing?
Remaz.
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remaz.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and I'll make a joke
and call me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Get in your mouth.
Stop it, Remaz.
I'm sorry, sir.
Stop the floor, Remaz.
Remaz.
It's one system, my hand, Remaz.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remaz.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remaz.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I said, sir.
Sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is four minutes' time.
What?
And move them.
It's time.
What?
Why are we even beating the WB?
Fairly.
Oh, my God.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remaz.
It's the boss.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remaz.
I'll jam that thing down there.
It's real.
Get the blue bird away from me.
Come on, Bluebird.
I'm allergic.
I'm allergic.
Sir, over 25 million people.
Stop up, I wonder.
Listen.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I say it.
You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out
of the Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him
even better.
The puppet master, me.
Idiot.
Oh.
Oh.
Remaz.
Yes, together.
What the hell are you doing now?
Listen to the flow, boss.
It's nothing wrong with the flow, Remaz.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remaz.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remaz.
Get out.
Get over to me.
Get out.
I said.
Sir.
Get out.
I said.
Get out.
I said.
I said.
I said.
I said.
I said.
I said.
You know what I'm saying?
He said.
If you're saying it, you're saying, it's one of these
brand name razors that people are using.
So how about if I put a shick razor just a.
Whatever.
A shick also makes disposable razors.
That's not it.
How about a multiblayed razor?
Multiblayed disposable.
Those are still disposable.
Ok.
Is that.
Yes. Well then how do you describe that? I don't know. Oh, Shik. Well, what do you call Shik Turbo?
There's a there's a Shik Quattro. I know. Shik, well, I put that on there. Okay. Be careful. I you spell it.
Well no, spell it however you want. Be careful how you said. And the interesting part of all this, this guy's giving me such a bunch of crap like I'm
I'm clueless and in the meantime you're using the
Electric razor which almost nobody uses. Isn't that interesting that you just kind of like skated by that?
That's the only thing that's got beaten so far is the old fashioned blade razor that even
Well, maybe a 90 year old guy uses that because he just used to doing it like Michael Corleone in the go in the
Vincent Shavenum and godfather three but the old fashioned blade you know and I was 100 years ago.
No? Yeah. What are you Shaven? Well, you're setting yourself up as an expert on close shaves. Well,
that's why you I don't necessarily want a clue and if I do I go to the turbo. I wrote it. Now when I'm when I'm
What do you mean you don't want to close shave? What is that your girlfriend's into fuzz is that is? I you know whatever whatever I feel like doing that day
I mean, that's what I'll do. Oh boy. Well, I'm gonna tell you what a big shot I am and that is before I go get my new computer
Which is on my agenda this afternoon. I'm gonna go to my shoppers drug mart. I'm gonna get the
Non-turbo, okay? Okay. There you go. Now is that also got the same as it?
I mean I want to tell you but wanting you to shave with your mock three and don't make it vibrate. That's what it's gonna be
Just don't push the little button. Is that the same thing the same thing? All right, wait. Let me go get it
Gotta be better than disposable resin. It's all insane
Okay, so that was the mock three non-turbo is the same. We just didn't have a little bit on this. It's okay
You're not gonna press that little button the vibrate. That's all your battery little lighter. I would imagine I
see the one that goes
That's it like that. That's it. Oh man
Or I could just save this and use in other areas, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm not saying nothing
155 votes on there now. Let's see. What are you adding on there? I better refurb. Oh, I'm gonna refresh this
I sure hope we get to two o'clock
And this computer. It's on its last legs man. Have you ever seen a computer die? Well, I don't see what you're supposed to just add on there
I just I just submitted okay
Refresh one more minute. Maybe then accepted
All right, no flohoma man is suing for over ten million dollars after the show wife swap exchange his wife with a gay man
Jeffrey D. Bedford of Haleyville
Oklahoma filed his ten million dollar plasuda miss miskogies
You ain't oh, it may be he's an okay from a scogi a US district court claiming that ABC television is led in by not sending a woman from a
heterosexual family to his home in a suit against Walt Disney
That's why I play that Mickey thing the parent company of both ABC and the shows producers RDF media
Bedford claims that when he conducted a Bible study for the Haleyville back to church in his home his gay wife in quotes invited a gay group as well
But Bedford suit does not focus solely on his queesiness about homosexuality
He also claims the producers of the show repeatedly told him his wife was leaving him threatening not to reveal his wife's location
He didn't participate
Bedford said he became emotionally distraught to the point of becoming physically and mentally ill as a result
He also blamed the producers of the show for forcing him out of a college class
Bedford suits seats five and a bucks for mental distress that claims caused him medical bills
Puma humiliation embarrassment undue grief. He seeks another five million for punitive damages and 245 grand for other legal issues
Including breach of contract ABC spokeswoman Annie Ford insisted the producers didn't mislead Bedford
The show has meant the challenge of families norm she said more over the agreement between the plaintiff and RDF
Specifically stated that the sloped spas could be either male or female
For claim there's no scheduled date for the unearth episode
I like that
56705 60 it's close shave week
I'm sure in shave you're turkey by the way before you stuff it and stick it in the oven
Here's line nine w2 a.m. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what you should put out is other
Contrature aze over okay. I use a little code right that's really good
Actual
I'm just kidding out for bus. I use and the road good. That's really good
When I don't have the new local I use the direct
Twitter
So I'm with the lubricating ship
I use that's it
Right. I use that when I don't have my new rep or with me
Have to get the charge to damn thing that one is really really good. I really like it for
disposable razor
I don't send that I don't end up
I'm cutting up my face and look like what you know what George and Greg read all the time
Oh, good. Okay, so what do you say other
Cartridge razor is output put that on your other cartridge razors. I mean we want we don't want to leave anybody out
Shipquatri already got one element. They will know, huh?
disposable razors I might point out is still in the lead with 86 for it since then a big lead
But to be right now we're gonna change these up other cartridge razors. There's the popoo those crappy red shoes
I wonder what he shapes with oh he's gonna be a hello probably with boys Q a.m. Hello
Okay, let's straighten out this razor done
Okay
It's the same as a disposable lighter if you got to refill it. It's a lighter
Okay, if you got to put a cartridge on it or a blade in it it's a razor then
It vibrates like yeah
The big difference between the Mach 3 electric thing and the Mach 3 normal is $10 that's a big difference
Well, one cost seven bucks the wall would be electric thing and it cost 17 for a battery up
The other things the other thing you can't buy razor blades anymore unless you're doing for like
Drugs or something because uh, you've been also the old type razors anymore
No, no, I have no I have seen one in years. I mean I
You know, we have five people that said they use the old fragile blade razor
Maybe they just use the same old rusty blades
Well, they probably use same old rusty razor, but they got to go to some drug store to find the blades
But I mean if you go to a general like store like Publix or something like that
It's gonna be you know the cartridge type things that most are raised and you can up the way to all razor
It's not disposable so it's a razor
Okay, see you. Thanks for straightening us out
Okay, what he said yeah now that I'm completely confused. Yeah, I don't know what he's talking about
Something about the extra ten bucks, and I think he's got a point
But at least that puts him good money the economy up here a I got the um the Mach 3 turbo maybe and it's vibrating
I just I don't like it. I used it the first couple of times
I thought that's okay, and then as as progressively I used it and I'm wondering about these blades
Yeah, there are three of them and it's got that little strip on the top and I will say this this is not oh
Yeah, you could slice yourself up pretty good with this. I just give it a shot. You could do it
No, but I will say this I can't imagine that you could nick yourself for one of these now
Maybe I'm wrong about that is that is that correct or not? Oh, yeah, oh you can sure because you can do more
What's in a great while if you get a bad blade if you get like a oh
Yeah, and then lower all of a sudden you got like three of them spots
And I don't know if they still make those stiptic pencils like they used to back in the day when I was a child and
And like when you got a spot where it's like bleeding because I believe like a stuck pig, you know, I take that
Tlavix, so I believe like a stuck pig so I get like one of those little mix that you have to put the the toilet paper on it
Sometimes you leave the house and you forgot you got it on there like oh people are looking like oh god
I'm clean. I'm clean. He's got sorry. He's something you need to be quarantined. Yeah, that's right
Got George Corso disease. What are you shabeless? 186 votes pretty fast there
We're now we got our thousand lick cuz we're like eight we're almost a thousand now. I think over it
disposable razor 69 aha the Mach 3 non turbo 47 the Mach 3 turbo 37 the Mach snail ain't on it yet the electric razor 26
Uh, just changing electric razor moved up to third man. I'll fashion blade razor 5 the shit quadro 3 not quadro yet
And the other cartridge raises so lament a dose
This is the new Roger
This is 5.69
It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvest and by four news
A man was scheduled to go before a firing squad for his crimes
Evening before his execution. He was asked what he wanted for his last meal
He refused the meal completely the next morning the man was brought before the firing squad when asked for his last request
The man said he had none the general in charge of his execution asked him sir you had refused your last meal and your last
Request is there anything you want before you die the man thought for a moment and then said music has always been an important part of my life
I could do one thing before I died would you please allow me to sing my favorite song from beginning to end without interruption
The general thought for a moment and then decided it was a reasonable request and ordered his men to lower their weapons
And not to interrupt for the duration of the song and the man started
10 million bottles of beer on the wall Paul Harvey
Good day. Good day one oh three kind of cute little Paul Harvey crazy today, huh? Yeah, we got a new Paul Harvey's
Well, he's got some cute crap, you know 10 million bottles of beer on the wall. It's good
234 votes on a pool and I think I saw the problem
Okay
Altered rumor that I shaved my head with somebody asked me if I use like a one of the disposable reasons to shave my head
Now I'm sure that there are guys who do that, but yeah, I wouldn't do that in a bed
You have to be crazy to do that. Well, you don't shave it
Yeah, you got the buzzer, so there's a little bit of hair there a little bit a little fun. Yeah, yeah
Well, I see what you're saying otherwise if I wanted to completely like boy. I mean, of course, Stanford
I'd have to use a look and a half the way you know
Yeah, disposable, but I got my sharper image ultra groomer
Sensation and I had to good thing. What are you shaved with 234 votes anyone disposable razors? How do you like that?
And this puts here system me before because I'm always the odd man out. I don't know anybody who uses a disposable razor
Can I say something you might say whatever you want you might take a little thanks to this
I personally have don't know anyone who shaves with a disposable razor now do you think that it's maybe people
Tat older like they're not they're not buying the new
It's an old man's thing make like look it. Maybe it's like hanky doesn't want to get a computer
It's he's just whatever he in his time there were no computers you
You have always a disposable razor. No, I have not I've shaved in my lifetime
I've had every kind of I've had brawn. I've had norealco electric
I used to use electric razors for a period of time and they're rough on your skin and they like tear and you won't get a close shave
So why now what I use that I've used now in the beginning
I use the old-fashioned blades like every because that's all I was available
And then when he came out with the other disposable I started using those and I've graduated from the really crappy
Disposables looked you let makes different grades of disposable
They have the really the blue ones that are really garbage and now they got the new
The with the loob strip and the the whole deal on there the pivot and these are great. I'm telling you you haven't even used these new ones
Ah, huh, you're right. I'm all in a side you haven't CC. You don't even know what you're talking about
I've been supposed to me which I've used virtually
I the day that you told me to go get this mock three turbo razor
I raced across the street and I got me one and I used it and it was uh, okay
What do you want me to do you want me to shave with a disposable razor? I don't care what you do
I don't care. I don't care if you shave your whole do like Joe Castello and shave your nuts
I don't care what you do it doesn't have no consequence to me
But I mean you like to you're like George
You like to argue that the whole world is like through your eyes and that's not the way worse
And now it's like an old man's thing only old man disposal a shave with disposable razors
Maybe we'll have to do the pull over again
I'm under a 30 and I shave with disposable. I'm a little far. You know, well, whatever. I'm not gonna do that
The next guy who calls in and says he used disposable last come out oldies
You know you don't believe that there's anybody under what under like 50 that uses a disposable razor
I've never met anyone
Well, let me ask you this. What is George used this George used the turbo to what the mock three? I have no idea, but
I don't think so I'll ask him. How about Miguel when he comes back tomorrow?
I wonder how he would say what during his break? I'll go see who I can find yeah
Go ask Tommy Tommy's a young punk. He's a you know, okay, talk smoking
guitar playing whatever a punk. Okay, I should drop in heroin shooting whatever you go
I asked Tommy what he's shaving a with I can do that God
Yeah, I'm trying to get you guys Robert Griefer, but I don't even want I don't even want to go there. I think he's killed either
He's still like probably mommy has to shave him
Like very jackass. Oh, you know the most important story of the day that's getting a huge response on a website
I haven't got to it yet
A teenager has been charged with indecent exposure after he was caught trying to have sex with a female mannequin
I just played an art center. Yeah, I read that good stuff
Security guards found and the name his name is just it's just outstanding
Security guards found Michael plenty horse
18 sprawled with a dummy on the floor with his trousers and pants down maybe he's related to be to cross me
She sounds plenty horse to me
Police spokesman Lauren McManus said there was inappropriate activity between him and the mannequin
That's the only way I know how to put it. I wonder what appropriate activity would be between him and the mannequin
Guard said they had noticed several times before that the dummies close have been removed at the center in Sioux Falls
South Dakota at least it was a female donor dummy anyway the story had the picture
It convicted plenty horse maybe registered as a sex offender hope
Macchin of the prosecutor's department said people might say it's relatively harmless
But I certainly wanted off this person was my neighbor
high neighbor
Michael plenty horse that's a huge story. I wonder if he was using that
Or not
56705 60 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines you get so whipped up to a frenzy because the whole world is like
See, I don't give a crap on anybody does if you want to shave with your finger
Okay, if you want to shave with a knife out of the kitchen cover. What do I care?
You know, whatever makes you happy. What is it to me?
You know, it's like all these people that are busy judging what everybody else is doing
If you want to shave with electric razor and be an old-fashioned and stupid, I mean go ahead
89 dispose of even after we're putting all these other things other role
Cartridge and the shit quactor. It's still disposable razor still winning by the way
Rollie from promotions. It's walked in he uses a mock three. Yeah, that's one down
Well, who now is that I don't even know who that is. Rollie does promotions when I'm rolling my ass
Okay, I don't know who the hell that is. How about somebody I might know somebody of course that wouldn't be too many anymore
And we've got that revolving door downstairs just spinning around like a dreidel in heat like a like a top
WQ I am hello. Hey Neil how you doing pretty good palmy?
26 years old and I use disposable razors
Right out of the box. How do you like that right off the bat? Thank you, sir
Thank you
And by the way Josh would like to say you're fairy. Yeah, must be a gay thing, huh?
Either a third's old people or gay people
Anybody except Josh nobody under the age of 100 uses disposable
Everybody uses disposable razors. Okay, get with it and addition of which even the ones you're talking about these mock three and mock
snail even these are really disposable razors because it's only the
Handled parts that's like permanent. You're still you're still tossing away the damn blades
So and you're not and you're not using them any longer than you are the disposables. See that's the difference
You're not using them a bit longer. How good would you say that you have many shapes for the mock three the turbo four five realists
I do like a week. Okay, go ahead and that's that's for X and I take four five well
That's the disposable the same thing with a Gillette pivot man four or five really good nice close shapes and your toss it
You pick up another one out of your little plastic thing out of your sack
God somebody Q a.m. Hello
You're the way in yes, sir
All the way don't let these guys pull you know when you use that crap that stuff
Stop vibrating on your face. That's not good for you
And I want to ask you another question
Yeah, you like the purple only all the below me
Oh, yeah, both both double the Q a.m. Hello
42 and use the mock three turbo. Oh my god see the old parts that are ones using that mock three. Okay. Thank you
42 to you. That's an old fart
Wtc. We am hello colonial. Yes, sir 35 years old and I used the sportful rainers
I'm right
Thanks today. There you go. He sound like a Julio too. He's not afraid. He's not worried about his masculinity being sure
Like Miguel
In fact, this last guy probably uses body wash too probably the pink stuff
Not afraid what anyways gonna say who else gonna see it anyway? Who's gonna see it?
Is a wife gonna see this wife believe me she already knows whether he's macho or not or it may be like borderline
You know what say? Yeah
She's probably got by not pretty good idea unless he's naive like that bitch on her out of that time
Like I know she started getting suspicious when she realized her husband didn't have right equipment
But other than that
12 minutes after one at five sixty. It's the razor wars of Q.I.M
We could we could fight about anything on this show. We could have like especially in South Florida have a blood bath over it
I'm going to ask during the break now
Now do you think they they still make uh somebody I think somebody are we told me they do but I've never seen them in the drugstores
What the stiftich pencil you know what that is? No, I don't it's like you know like a like a magic marker
Okay, and you take the top off and it's got like um you know what the consistency of mothballs is
Like the surface of that yeah, and it's that kind of a thing and and you you put that onto the spot where you nick yourself
And it like heals it up right away without having to put like toilet paper or um that's clear this on there, huh?
That's good. It is good, but I don't I don't think they make them anymore
I mean it works pretty good as opposed to have the blood dripping down your you know chin all day long
12 minutes after one at five sixty WQ a.m
Truth is when you dare to compare you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA
And it's not Florida. The only Ford even to shop bad is Armstrong Ford or homestead
And the holidays are upon us. Maybe your car was damaged or maybe you just wanted a great new ride
Well now is the time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich and let it put you behind the wheel of a great new
Armstrong Ford right now at Armstrong Ford home said they got some great offers and incentives
Get a thousand dollars cash back or financing is low as 0% on a Ford 500 or freestyle
Get five thousand dollars cash back on explorer expedition
How about two thousand dollars cash back on a Ford escape and twenty five hundred dollars cash back on a focus
Certain restrictions apply when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford
You'll also get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program too
That's right tires and batteries for life. You won't even get that with that razor
David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Ford home stable guarantee the best price and don't forget
Armstrong Ford home said his locally owned and operated
They'll feature like family because they want to make you a customer for life
No bait and switch no BS just the best prices anywhere
So called David Rich at 305 24751 12 and tell him you want the Neil deal
Armstrong Ford home said 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 check out the web
Armstrong cars calm then drive a little bit a little extra maybe would save yourself thousands at Armstrong Ford of homestead
This is Neil Rogers
This is 516
And wrap all the slime all the time
What are you thinking about?
Charter and a flight to the Isles of Languages
It's the only strip joint you weigh and can both her promotion
I've no seen the pilot
He says especially resembles Tim Conway
I'll be like that now he will have it for his later
And he bit me
If he does we're in trouble too much stress
Play game
Everybody's dead by us. Oh great
At least we have George the guidance he was raised to the unteen North West
George possesses the wisdom of surviving nature
Do you know what we do now George?
No, I know
But we have plenty of water and provisions if we use them wisely
We have to put them
The right over
Hey who took all the
I didn't
You take all the water
That's right
And the pieces too
What did you do that for?
Because I'm here
And it don't matter if you're here too
Wait a minute, wait a minute
Wait a minute, wait a minute
Let's be a simple shepherd about this
I need to be comfortable
As that
Well you know who I am?
Of course it's more important than I outlive you
Why I'll have you know
What's the big thing?
You think his blood and strip his hide for food
Now see here
I ain't no delicatessen
You know who I am
I'm more having an evening
And I made my bones in the air
You can open that cless out of his bones
What's the big thing?
Close shave, Mo
118 Acquion
We got almost 300 votes on there already since we changed this pool man
They're like all over
Let's think on Greg
So you ready for this?
Yes
Okay, Tommy
Mach 3
Yeah
Mach's now Tommy
Billy the sales guy
Yeah
Mach 3 for life
I believe it was his fault
What do you mean for life?
How long have they been making it?
In about five years
Yeah, but he's that mean
For life
And I got Robert Grieper uses a Narelco electric razor
Oh, and I figures
And your boy Kenny Maulden uses a chick disposable
My boy
Well, what does that mean?
Kenny is everybody's boy
No, no Kenny's a great guy
But he uses disposable
I don't know what it's what you're trying to say is because Kenny's an old fart like me
Therefore he uses a disposable
We've already he picked that up too
We've already had the calls on here
One guy 26 and another 135 uses a disposable
And you're again trying to like project your whole
Attitudes about things on everybody your age you're wrong
I'm just I just absolutely freaking wrong
Is if it makes a difference what you doesn't but nevertheless you're wrong
Like I don't think it makes a difference with the call is because they're going to agree with what you say
No, they're not a counter-sadder
Everybody who I say the colors are going to whatever I say they're going to know is that we're going to say the opposite
All the people that just said that they used the Mach 3
I said you don't anybody who pays with the proposal
You don't believe that people will call it in just now and said they're like 26 and 35
And using the disposable raise you don't believe them they're just saying that to make me feel better
Is that what you're saying? I'm saying you'll get some calls that'll yeah
Yeah, yeah call this
70 QYM hello
Neil
Yes sir
31-year-old Mach 3
Okay
I got one more comment for you. Sorry I'm going to leave much
Last week you and George were talking about Jennifer Anderson
Seeing one of the most overrated girls
I got a little look for you
Uh
Sarah Jessica Parker
Ah
What the hell is that
She looks like the witch from wizard eyes
Yeah, her face
Don't talk about her while you're eating pals. It's not a good idea
All right, see you
Okay, I'm going to be coming right back at you
Somebody QYM hello
Hello, William. Yes sir
Yes, just calling it a pair
Yep
It's disposable. You need what the age to?
If you want
What do you want?
That's what you want
For one not too bad. Okay. Still still living in breathing. I was for it. See now
What do you consider old because you're a punk? That's not old to me. I don't consider forty one old
Your hell isn't old to me. In fact anything is young to me
At this stage of my life
God
Okay, disposable but again he was probably just saying that to make me feel better. WQYM. Hello
Yeah, hello. Yes sir
Hey Neil
Yeah, how you doing? Great
Neil, what's the guy that's there when you
I court is a punk. Okay, that's what it's no I agree with him
I agree with it by you saying that you got media calling in telling you they use I agree with him
I don't know anybody who uses disposable basis
I have had to use them at times whenever like I don't know I've left the house without shaving or something
Yes, emergency situations
Exactly but
Early industry said some about you know keeping things if it ain't broke those fixed it basically
Yeah
But you know all these young guys like every time they come over to mock pretty mock four mock 77
There are they definitely keep like changing. I use it one called a gelette sensor Excel. Yeah
It's got like a pivoting head and also the blades kind of bounce up into how and I don't know I like shot
Now like the blades go back and forth a little bit like they give way I guess that's how
Hello
Yeah like that. Yeah
I guess that prevents you know the cutting and the nicking of the face because I never get nicked
But I don't have a real course beard I only shave like every other day
Oh
Well I know you're not qualified man
I'm 35 when I only shave every other day. Yes
What does that sound like?
Yeah, I don't know what that means
Oh brother when I've had to use two formal razors I find that the blades are not as good like like you say they
You could be only good for five or two
Seriously I'm not trying to pedal it but if you tried the gelette the the new pivot one that with the
Um, uh, it's got like the strip on it. I don't know the last time I used to
Responsible ones that you let good news if that's good. No, that's crap. I agree with that's crap
It's bad news man. Don't shave without you'll be tearing your brains out. I'm trying to do the new. It's a great
Look at that. It's great. The blades are not good on those like I said the only last one like a couple of days
But the ones under disposable cartridges for the gelette sensor that I use I see with that thing like I don't know
30 times before I throw it away
And I'm gonna start man excellent. Well, sorry. I like it. Use it. Curriculum. See you
See he hasn't even tried this one. I'm the good news. Oh god that's older than Mathuzela man and this guy's 35 years old
He's talking to me with good news. You know what he's talking about right right? Well those are bad
Oh, I would I would hope I if you would have said that if I was shame with good news
I jump right out the window I'd kill myself those are bad
But he hasn't tried the new blades. I think this guy seems every other day. Maybe he's a blade, you know
Hey WQ I am hello
Q I M
Neil definitely 35 years old. Why not use the disposable it's no different than anything else. Hey man
And now I'm saying real quick. I've either want trying to call you
Have you happened to listen to Jimmy Saffelitis?
I actually I mentioned yesterday I heard some of the lowlights on the NFL network there
I've there shown a lowlight some the dolphin paper game from last week
I
Jimmy Saffelis and I kept sticking to myself you fairly yeah
I'll go ahead and answer I have not heard
Absolutely unqualified and they picked perfect to that station now. Okay, and have a great day
Well, this phone is doing some funky things today, you know, by the way. Yes Troy Stratford mock-free
My dad figures probably shazers head with it too. Hey Troy
Yeah
Yeah, when you finish it when you're head with that thing it's amazing where you could stick that
Correct them five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line like like I'm gonna
It's Roy Stratford by the way got me into buying his dial body wash that well. This is the greatest. It's okay
They're no big no no thing no thing
Just another body wash just another bottle on my shelf which quite frankly I didn't need one. It's all right
It's got like the little purple beads in it. Oh, that's right. Are you the guy or is it Miguel?
Like it's all nervous about this little moisture beam yeah, I'm not a big fan. Well, why not?
I don't know. It feels like I'm washing myself with sand or something
That's the idea. Oh, it's great to mess. Hillary right off your body, baby
What are you shave with three hundred and thirty one votes? What are both are pouring in on this?
This is something worth getting really aggravated about my raises better than yours is
And it like that, you know
You're a funny daddy your shabby. No, the good one again. I'm glad the guy said good news because the good news is bad news
That is bad. Oh, and then those were some of those are some of the first really disposable razors that came out
I mean, you know, there's been out for a long time. They suck. What do you shave with disposable razors?
107 the mock three non turbo 73 the mock three turbo 67 turbo
Electric razor
52 I think I'm gonna like dull the blades. I keep sticking that in the end of the mic
Other cartridge raises 14 shit quadro three and oil fashion blade razor nine
We probably should have put the old straight razor on there as opposed to the razor. You know, I mean by that like they're using the barber shop
Yeah, but when you get the ladder going on your face then they had that that sharpener, you know
What would you call it? It's like a belt. You know, I mean
They use that still in some barbers. I know they do for them. I know that I think my I think
Of course, I don't have gone to the barber in a long time since I started shaving my head
But the barber I had here was a great barber by the way, but they use that they take that thing and you think they're gonna split your neck or whatever
And I think it's just as sharp you could just slice your uh, kishkis out with that
20-sips after one's big and a slice of your kishkis out. Don't forget the monster or two
This is Neil Rogers
Is 516 Q-A-X
He wants you to know that all of our poultry has been tested in the world's finest laboratory
And is absolutely avian bird flu
Free and to help ease your mind every piece of chicken will be stamped with this picture of a little bird lying on his back
It's feet stick it straight up in the air surrounded by a circle for the slice through it
This tells you that the meal you get at KFC is absolutely avian bird flu
Plus for the next several weeks that every KFC will have medical personnel standing by and in the event someone
Keele's over in front of their bucket of chicken
We'll be able to check them white pen and paper
I got worried about it wasn't the bird flu
The guy this fella was all over the years a green
And clogged his auto-easy and gave him a hard attack
So no worries
He knows at KFC we do cholesterol right
135-60-90-Q-A-M
We got three hundred and 45 votes isn't that like almost knocking right off your seat? Yeah
What are you shave with here's the great controversy of the new century
345 disposal of erasers 110 over 30 percent over 30 31
Mach 3 non-turbo 77 the Mach 3 turbo 70 electric razor 52 I already put it away
I'm not playing that with that no more other cartridge razor 15 old-fashioned blade razor 11 and the ship Quattro 10
Now I did just called George and yeah, you called George I did just on a day off on his week off
Bugging him at home. That's all right and the only reason you tell me this is because he uses the Mach 3 or something
No, I'm giving it to you. He's disposable. So give it to me. He says he buys a big bag like the hundred bag because
You know everybody in the family shaves and they all use the bag so
Everybody in the family shaves. Yeah, well, you know the little baby shaves the women with the legs and all of that
He's like so I just buy the big bag and everybody can use it disposable including himself. I see
Well, you know, he's got a budget him. So he's not like a big shot like you are
He's got a wife and two kids so the support one wanted one unwanted
Well, I mean one wanted and two unwanted five six seven oh five 60
I'm five 60 leave horizon and singular wireless lines the great razor controversy. I wonder what doffshaves away?
WQAM. Hello
Who I am yes, sir
Yeah, 35 I use the Mach 3 definitely I let the boss last weekend and try to use a regular single blade disposal
I was just hunking flesh of meat off my face
Just in time for Thanksgiving good practice man. Okay. Thanks. We're gonna wear the slice of turkey
The slice of bird
He was slice of chunks of skin off his face. That's beautiful. Kind of shows up a lovely image. Beverly Q.A.M. Hello
Hello, what's the deal? Speaking
Hi, Neil. It's welcome. Now I use the Mach 3
As my choice of a blade now you're trying to about the turbo or just a regular
Turbo sir. It's kind of funny. I used to use the other blade but for some reason turbo does a very job
I don't know if it's a vibration or whatever
Yeah, I think you like the vibrate. You know, it's the nervous laughing. He likes the vibration. Nothing wrong with that
We won't tell anybody
It's a quadro that's shit quadro. Yeah
The shick is actually right. The piece of shit. It's junk. Okay. Thanks
And I was with the CK he said it's a piece of shit. That's right. He said. That's fine
You don't like it. Well, maybe that's why it's in last place right now. I now what exactly is that?
I don't want to have to go in as four blades
Yeah, but it also does it vibrate? Oh, I don't I've never used it
Does it like write stuff on the wall? Does it the spray out like magic elixir that'll uh
Give you the sequence of life. What does it do? Who knows? It could be a later thing. I don't know about you
But when I shave all I want to do is shave. I mean, it's not it's not the most exciting part of my life
It's it's a pain in the ass, but but when you have these disposables you can do it so fat. Oh, I will say that too
With the other one. I got to be fair to mock three turbo. Uh, it's a fast shave
But it's about comfort too. I mean because because the look I'm trying to tell you so you admit it already
You haven't used these new gelatin gray ones. Okay. I am telling you if you would you know
Just use them once and you'll see it's like the difference between day and night
I'm telling you they're phenomenal right years ahead of the old gelatin set crap believe in fact
You know something I went one day. This is how much I hate those older ones
And I'm not talking even about the uh the ones that I said before what were those the gelatin uh oh
The bad time back. Yeah. No, I got the other ones that come like in the little plastic
The cellophane case and because they didn't have the the good ones and I I looked at those and I thought to myself
You know, I'm not gonna use those I can't those are horrible
So they're still sitting there in my bathroom and air and I and I went that I stayed there with different drugs during
I got me a bunch of the uh the new ones they're they're great
Why would I tell you they're great if they're not well? What have I got to gain? What what's the point like I know something
No, no shaving is not like the world's most enjoyable experience whether it vibrates or not
Okay, I'll depend on course and where you're sticking it. Somebody Q. I.m. Hello
Q. I.m
Yeah, good afternoon, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. When is this 29? I use the electric razor. Oh my god
My thing is I want to know what he the other guy use um, the door. I want to find out what he uses
What time oh what more uses all of you will find out
And make me come in and tell you what he uses
He and I we have to ask him. I he might be I haven't looked in the studio now
We're interesting to find out about the head shaving now do you think he did that himself? See I'm curious about that
Because the one good thing about that um sharper image thing that I use that that's a great piece by the way
I'm having greeper ask coward. What are you shaking? Oh, you don't want to ask him direct? I'm also have to have an intermediary
I thought you asked him direct about the pizza or that day. Yeah, you know
But you just rather have a buffer this time. I don't blame WQ. I.m. Hello
We have to test the waters to see what kind of movies in Q. I.m. Hello
Are you think sogley or Larry bird to Joseph Yankees?
That guy was psychic. Can you believe that?
Can you believe it? Oh, I believe that that is a psychic color. I cannot believe that
There's a Jackie sucks. Okay. Wait till he sees what tomorrow's pull is gonna be that's phenomenal
Oh, we already got we got this pull on there for like this one's staying for a while. Have any Q. I.m. Hello
Hello, yes sir. How you doing Neil? Sensational. I think Mo uses Nair or Lady Shick
Come on now
Seriously, I use the
What's the one? The the one you just mentioned the popular one. I can't remember the name because I'm nervous
My three that's right, but there's a place in downtown for a load of called
Mankind for men. They do an awesome like street. She's like a 20 minute process. You got to get check it out
It's unbelievable. Okay, so get on over there. Okay. Thanks. Now get on over there right now. They're right up there in Toronto
So now I was starting to say though, but the guys that chaired their head ball completely ball like Mo does and the Troy is that that that well
I it's got to be there has to be a
Regular razor in there somewhere you can't possibly do that with like an electric piece of any kind
I mean, I there are times if I'm in the right mood
I mean I'll say mine about as close to completely gone as possible because then being lazy
They didn't know I have to do it again for like three or four days. Sure, but it's just they're still always little fuzz
Which is good. I rather hand the fuzz and what's wrong with him little fuzz up there? It's great
Nothing plus of course when you're in the wintertime, which it's about know what the temperature is here right now
My god and the study it looks beautiful sitting here looking out the window
But I just know that you know even if you're gonna put your to con in fact
Oh, no, the temperature is exactly 30 right now
He's gonna be getting ugly, right? I'm gonna get ugly real good. It's gonna snow tomorrow and Thursday
Yes, you wouldn't have to bring that up
Not as ugly as yours a gacky, but a french woman who's terrified of flying did this story
I found just absolutely spectacular because I've seen people on board planes
I wonder about them panicking a french woman who's terrified of flying admitted in an Australian court Monday that she
Drunkenly tried to open an airplane to her mid flight to smoke a cigarette
What sardine heline cellese 34 or those frogs was placed on a good behavior bond after putting guilty and prismatic
Magistrate's court to endangering the safety of an aircraft she wanted to go for a walk
So these was traveling on a cafe pacific flight from Hong Kong to the east coast of the abyss by an australia
Saturday when the incident occurred at the start of a three-week australia
Invocation with her husband she walked toward one of the aircrafts emergency exits with an unlit cigarette and lighter in her hand
Began tempering with the door, but a flight attendant intervened and took her back to her seat
She wanted to go for a smoke that's all
Her attorney says she has no memory of what happened on the flight night
She has a history of sleepwalking but magistrate Gordon deans sternly warned the woman you must understand if you're on a plane
You must behave yourself bitch
Celice who didn't speak in court was a to buy a translator was placed on the thousand dollar Australian bond
It's 734 bucks. You was meaning so I have to pay that amount of she commits another offense the next 12 months
She's not on good behavior. Don't do it again
I'm serious. I have seen people on planes
On my european trips many a time that I wonder ah they look a little and they like to look out
You know the little window in the door yeah, and they'll stop there and look out that window
I'm thinking you know there's all the other windows by people seats and everything
Why not go and look out those winter? I don't like people real close to the door on a plane call me a little crazy
But hey, I'm ready 21 till two now do we find out what the emolmizer shames with her is he like no?
I guess we'll find out down the bridge. Okay, that's something to stick around for
This is me no Roger or not
This is 560 Q a
You're in the Supreme Court pyramid winner circle for a spark on the nation's highest court start the clock
Oh the great wall of China
Michael Moore things you can say from out of spite
Uh you're right
Ted Kennedy fairytales the New York Times
You're a judge
Dipers Carl Roe
Wayne Gretson
Frosted play
That's
I don't even like to over 400 votes on this thing before the top of the air can you believe that I can't
388th that's pretty great in addition to the eight something out we did like over 1200 votes on the polls today
Goes to show you if we took about 80 different polls in a minute we get like 10 million of votes
Right and then what does that mean? What are you ashamed with disposable razors 120 still over 30%
30 30 in a third the mock three non-turbo 80s 60 87 87 the mock three turbo 77
Uh, so no words the only difference is you tell me that the the non-turbo doesn't have the vibrator
Yeah, pretty sure pause pretty sure pause
You're spending yourself up is the expert and you're pretty sure and you also never shave with it when I'm using
But you're pretty sure that's good electric razor 56 wait on the list
Other cartridge razors 22 the shit quadro 14 an old-fashioned blade razor talk about
Strips of a flesh a dozen a dirty dozen now. It was beautiful. By the way, uh tough day
He said he uses the mock three also well, okay. What do you there proves it to me? You're fairy now
I'm going right back. Can I hold a disposable one?
I have one about Moe
You know what I didn't get to ask him because Robert and him are having a little talk in there
So I figured I didn't want to break that I have a little talk about what you know the show. I'm sure
Get out of here. What's going on that you're not telling us how they're a little chat maybe little
Again a little you know producer host meeting on so I don't want to break it. Yeah, likely story
WDQ. I am hello Neil. Yes, sir 40-year-old Julio. Yes. He's a broad electric razor
Wow and soap and a washcloth too
Soap and a washcloth what's it all would be proud of you man. All right. What can I tell you? Okay?
Have a nice day. Get with the program. See you. There's a 40-year-old Julio
He's still and but you know it's how guilty he feels about that though
He's he just he can't help himself. Yeah, there was like regret in his voice. Yeah, there's no question about him
He didn't wasn't you know being defensive just
Enverst by the way you haven't mentioned either duff said that the the trends come out tomorrow at 11.30
Oh, it's easy
Hey, just why why do we care about that? Okay, it's a day before Thanksgiving. Is that going to give us something to be thankful for?
We'd wrap it off in pretty good July by the way. I just thought I'd mention that duff
Hey duff you fair we're dropping off a pretty good July so don't don't get your expectations up too much
You got a real nice solid September in here September was rock solid. How many QAM hello? Hey Neil. How are you today pretty good pali?
42 and I use a Gillette atra
Quas. I think that's what you were talking about earlier
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, it has a pivoting hand and has the strip across the top right the great one
Yeah, and it's nice and slippery and it does a good job actually
Not that it's not going to be nice and slippery
Yeah, I'd like to try this other what's the one in the poll right now?
What's winning the poll disposable razors which includes a whole bunch of
Oh god, those are the more you know you're talking about the Mach 3 is what you're thinking
No, no, it's definitely at your plus and it's really what I hope you like to try
Maybe you want to try the Mach 3 the one that's with a vibrator on it Mach 3
Oh, yeah, pencil sin vibrator there you go
Thanks Neil see you pali
Recommended by a old friend our former friend Jeff Cohen no doubt he likes those vibrating things w.q.a.m. Hello
Carp the nil
speaking
Yeah 35
We know I use that with cheap blue ones on my face. I used babies are on the package
Ha ha ha ha ha all right
There we go. That's one of Joe Castello's buddies in fact these two like
Shave each other
Somebody q a.m. Hello
I'm gonna body wash last night
Target
That one apricot
St. I've z apricot
Like that I haven't used it the lady was telling me while you're using it up in like a week or two
No, not really no chance. I said maybe five or six months. Yeah, we use this from you. Okay, whatever
Well, who knows what history is I think he just wants to drink it five six seven oh five sixty actually might be pretty good
That's apricot stuff. Mm-hmm good for you. I got a lot of like vitamin C in it
408 votes on the pool. I am just blown away by that. It's just phenomenally
See this is the kind of crap that we're well we can all relate to it. This is gonna have to have an opinion
It's just what are you doing? What are you using? Huh? Yeah now wait till we do the one on use edge use a barbersol
Oh, of course you don't have to worry about anything because you use that nasty electric razor and
Unfortunately, we're not gonna get
Most answer because I guess he's not gonna tell us
That sounds a little bit cranky to me. You see got on the wrong side of bed today
I mean he's not gonna tell us I was told that because we wanted to know on this show. He wasn't gonna say
That's what I was told in other words is a deep dark secret is that the idea because I don't know on this show on his evil show
I guess so well
I'm gonna tell you right and right now
I blame the show that follows us for all the bad shapes. I've had my lifetime all the times
I've nicked myself had to put that like clean it's at my lip. I blame the show that follows us for that
Can't you follow logic there? Well, he is really just a miserable old bastard, you know
W.Q.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir
Hey listen
Yeah
Here's a guy who even tells what razor you choose with I'm human. That's right
567056 feet pile he must be getting certainly again
I didn't say we'd have any other spy reports about that must be that time of the month again
Okay, oh, that's where I said trends are coming out tomorrow. That's the time of the month
I forgot what time it was it gets him all whipped up into a frenzy
We'll be sure and give you those trends all we don't get any hour by hour
So we can't like go to town W.Q.A.M. Hello, hey Neil 35 years old. I use a mock three on the face and I'd like to use a big
Louisville Flood on most package
I
Know that's bad. See now. He's he's just turning the audience against him again by being a hard ass
When is this man ever gonna learn? No, no, I don't think so no mo just thinking about that's all right
Let's see what he's gonna be on tomorrow, but he will have to on Thursday and who's on Friday no Curtis on Friday
So he's got a nice short week you think he'd be like in a little chip promoted thanks given time nice short week nice schedule
No chance just hostile
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, it's movie yet that turkey and dressing for pizza
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Yes, sir
I use the mock three and forget those plastic
Okay, I'll forget him during the break. I'm going to win her and see if it's the ass right and I don't really
Payed that much attention is it the AstraZeneca? Is that what it is the watch?
My uh disposable razors in there did you let something out this guy said it's Astra okay? Astra extra Astra
Who knows?
Hey the heck with body wash I use lava soap on my channel warts. No great sounds really appetizing. Thank God it's past our lunchtime
WQ.A.M. Hello warts new pali
Hey, I am yes sir
The thing with those disposal is they give you a close shave, but they knit the shit out of you
I
Yeah, right
Very dramatic could be on the air that was cute. Yeah, I was he said they nick the
Schmidt audience what he said the chick the chick is what he said that's correct chick as in chick blue blades
And you let blue blades and chick raisers and so on pretty soon joysticks gonna say we can't say chic and all
But she's already said that be careful how you articulate and you regulate and enunciate because otherwise we're in deep do do
WQ.A.M. Hello
Hello, yes sir
I'm just wondering let him know what that I use the disposal. How old are you?
I'm 42 42 42 by josh's standards you like his grandpa so you know
Hey, who is the one the what I said have a great tape pali happy Thanksgiving five six seven
Oh five sixty are we going a little bit too fast is that with the problem as I see so in other words
There was a hostility even just asking what kind of razor he uses. That's what I hear. I didn't ask him
I just don't get it. I mean what how it how is it possibly even if you hated somebody like poison which obviously is the case but nevertheless
I mean that's just that is his anti-social and hostile as it
Can possibly
Now I'm wounded deep. That is destroyed my day. Do you believe it? No, you're right
152 a Q.M. The
Surley Mollmys through the old pizza or thief himself and two and then we got guilty in both for the mad dog at four
Hurray change warm up at seven hurry up and change the dollar that hour north Carolina
A&T against you and basketball that sounds like a real barn burner and the any cap and show follows that how do you like to follow that game
This is
This is five sixteen
Go up those checkered pants
Pack
parar
the
but let move and stop in the air!
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
YUM.
Yeah, yUM.
YUM.
YUM.
And it says it's not Astro, it's Gillette Custom Plus pivot with a soft ultra grip and extra lubricating power with natural oils.
Brand new, I believe. Soft ultra grip.
So, obviously you've never used this, you probably haven't even seen the package in the store.
Probably right. So I go and look for the right package is what I would do.
I'm serious, they're gray in their black and they're fantastic.
Yeah, they only got two blades, but they got that little strip on the top.
And they got the extra lubricating natural oils.
You're ready for that? I'm ready.
So you want to shave like not just your head and your face, but your leg.
Right, don't write anywhere.
You don't have to worry about it because it's got the extra lube in the tube.
In the tube.
So there you go, that's what I'm using.
And I'm not changing, I'm not changing my mind.
There's no reason in the world for me to go over it by any more mock three, mock snail.
I got the one you'd said.
And like you said, if I don't want to turn on the little vibrator, I don't have to do it.
Right. I can shave without.
I'm going to try that tomorrow and see how it works out.
I don't like it.
Okay, we asked today what are you shaved with?
And this all came about our original pool head to do with something much less important religion.
And obviously it's it's a head gear and what people shave with that makes the world go around
and why people hate each other like the Jews and the herbs, for example.
What are you shaved with?
445 votes.
Now is that spectacular or what?
This is something they're like obsessed about disposable razors.
140 that seems to lead to a 142.
Just 31.6% by the way.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Mock three non-turbo 102, mock three turbo 84, the vibrating crowd electric razor 65 way down
or in fourth place Josh.
I don't want to make you feel like you're out on the limb.
Don't worry.
Electric razor 65, other cartridge razors 26, chic quadro 16 and old-fashioned blade razors.
The ones that'll just skin your neck and your face and your ears your earlobes 14 out of 449.
That's good to see those last two.
And the other one the chic quadro is chic is what he said.
What is it?
It's just got four blades.
Is what you tell me?
Yeah, it got four.
It had four blades.
Well, speaking of four, stand back from oh because he ain't telling us what he's shame with because he's extra
surly a day.
You heard extra crispy chicken and extra pepperoni and sausage on your pizza.
But he's in extra surly mood so I'll be hell of a two hours to.
Bye, bye, bye.
