560 WQA presents the Neil Roger Show
Oh my god
Neil, dialed 567 0560 and Dated Broward
Another company is called toll free
and 877 75 63 25
For rice and wireless users can call for free
by dialing 560
The app needs expressed by Neil his guest or college
to now represent those in WQA
and his management staff responsibility now
No
No Roger Show
on 560 WQA and
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Roger
Happy New Year to all of us who are still hanging around
who didn't get to watch the way by these tsunami
By the way, Norma, don't bug me, okay?
I'm doing a radio show right now
Send me an email, alright?
Let's not stare out the New Year with more of your psychosis
Alright and by the way, the check is still on the table
and you're having mail to get
So leave me alone
Just as the time when Stern is saying goodbye
There's the phone ringing, bop, bop, bop
Just enough already, bye bye
Bye bye Norma, take all that nice money
I sent you and have a nice vacation
Go to Hawaii
Go to like, say, lawn would be nice
Remember when they used to call it say, lawn?
No
Don't you?
No
That's before your time ago, Sri Lanka
I mean, what kind of a day is say, lawn?
That's got like a name to it, man
Like a British place, which is what it was
Once upon a time, little boys and girls out there
The Brits owned the whole damn world
Basically they had Australia and New Zealand
They had India, they had South Africa
They had say, lawn, what else?
The whole world
Like you said, most of the world
I mean, Brits ahead
And of course, Las Malvinas
The Faulkland Islands
And then all of a sudden it started like falling apart
That's when the Queen started having like bad DMs
When everything started falling apart
Anyway, happy new year to everybody out there
And George, I'm sure you did a stellar job
While I was away having some very pleasant negotiations
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, man, oh man
Could I tell some stories today or what?
Wow, but I won't
Now that we got the deal, then
Those people that were calling me the last day
Before I went on vacation, get lost
I think it was Howard's brother
You know, the one that's got the health food store
And Broward or wherever, and Palm Beach somewhere down there
Yeah
I think that was him
Oh, cold-dun buck wall, do this, don't do it, don't sign with him
I did, guess what, it's over with
It was a very pleasant negotiation
Based on a bunch of lives and threats and the history
But nevertheless, we still got it done
And it's done, it's science-yield and delivered
So while you're serious people, bye-bye
He who hesitates is lost, you're lost
You're lost in my game
When you agree?
Yeah
Absolutely, he'll need them
I'm just not into people like him and Hall
But it would be, I don't like that
I'm decisive
Like when I bought that 2005 red Corvette
Without even seeing it, it's sight I'm seeing
How do you like that?
And I'm gonna tell you that
Those few days that I was down there, the week that car
Anybody wants to buy a Corvette?
He got a few bucks, the 2005, that's the one to get
Man, that is the greatest vehicle ever made
It is, it is positively unreal
It is
You believe me? Maybe I'll actually drive it for a while
I doubt it
No
It's, I don't want too many miles on that thing
Let me give a little talk
I'm not supposed to do this, I'll do it anyway
To my good friends at 2J's
And who they are, my good friends
There's a guy named Michael who's like the major D
Or whatever he is, the greeter
What do you see in a fancy restaurant
You call it a major D, right?
Right
What do you call a guy like that at the greeter, right?
The host is in
You can call it the greeter also
The host, I thought that's something that the
Catholics, but the
Like pedestrian restaurants, they have a hostess
And if it's a male, it's a host
I think the guy's name is Michael
Whatever, very nice guy
Hey Michael, thanks for the nice treatment
And there we still paid, didn't get any free meal
We're looking for no freebie
But that's a great place, 2J's
They're all over, they're like 21 and Florida
They're implementation of the fountain shops
That's the one I found by accident
While I was waiting for Omaha Stakes to open
And also was looking at Puppy, the Puppy Place
Oh, I don't know about you
But that's not a place that I should be hanging out with
Because I just have such a soft spot for dogs
And if I was going to be there, which I'm not
But if I were, I would have like got me a little Puppy
Yeah, don't do it
These cute little puppies in the window
They all look at you with that sad look
Oh please, please take me home, you know
Let me dump all over your carpeting and ruin the house
And chew up everything and make your life hell
But they're really cute
So I guess little puppies are great
If you look at them through a window, but other than that
Don't take them home unless you want to make a big commitment
That's my suggestion to it, okay
So what do we got going here?
What did I miss?
I don't think I missed anything
I think you guys all missed something
I don't even want to go into it
Yeah, we missed a big way, that's about it
Oh yeah, a big wave
And by the way, I have a message for Greg Reed
Wow, holy moly
I'm even too embarrassed for him
I don't want to go into it on the air
Is that, does that tell you how embarrassing
His latest performance was in regard to me
And the show and everything?
No
No, it is
It's just, I just don't even want to talk about it on the air
That's how humiliated I am
That anybody could be just a master pervericator
It's incredible
Like that is him, you know
He ain't going to change
Like I told you before vacation
What's going to change?
Remember I said that?
Why is anything going to change?
Like, lie 9 is going to be real good right here
Our first call of the new year
But it would be great, QAM
Happy New Year, I still hate you
MAH
MAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
See?
That was good, I'm pleased
Could have been a lot worse
26 past 10, we sure have a Phantom log today
I guess the sales department's been really screwing off
for a couple of weeks now
Let's get with it you guys, okay
Just resigned for two more for four years I got now
Let's get some spots on the log
So we can make some money
So they can pay the heavy duty freight
That they show us cost to them
And all other big talent that we got
Like, like that one is getting paid for laying out
By the way, nice dolphin game again yesterday
I guess we're all supposed to be very excited
That they made a game out of it
They made a really thrilling right down to the bitter end there
And we're supposed to be excited about that, Josh?
Not really
No, they still lost
See it's the same, you know, 4 in 12 is still 4 in 12
And it really should have been like probably 2 in 14
When you come right down to it
That Cleveland game on that Monday
Was it a Monday or Sunday night?
Monday night
Yeah, it was Monday
But I know it's Sunday night
That had to be the most coma inducing performance
I've ever seen in my life
And just because I was so bored
I watched the entire thing
That was pathetic
Yes, it was tragic
And I think it was Greg Kodtex
One of those losers that wrote
And it was a good line too
He said, thank God for getting that game over
Sparing us over time
I mean, over time in that game
Would have been like cruel and unusual punishment
That was pathetic
And a Patriots day had like in about fifth gear yesterday
And Brady didn't play the fourth quarter
They just eased on by the pathetic 49ers
14 and 2 ain't bad, right?
That was very good
And as it turns out, the Dolphin win over the Patriots
Didn't make any difference as far as home field advantage
Because Pittsburgh never lost another game
And since Pittsburgh beat the win over the regular season
Even as the Pats had been 15 and 1
They still wouldn't have had the home advantage
See they got to buy
Bye-bye
So it's going to be pretty interesting
The Dolphins don't make the playoffs
But we got next statement, man
There is the man
Michigan State
How many years since they had a winning team?
About 30, man
28 after 10 at 5, 60 WQA-M
See, I'm on the verge of starting
I'm glad that I see because, you know,
Little Apple
There's a time there you forget
I was on the verge of starting the regular show
And I forgot that we don't start to 11 o'clock
In spite of rumors
What do you mean by that?
That's something that's going to be...
Oh, that's right, Tess
During what's right in this morning
As me as a resolution, he was going to be ending at 10
So I don't know what that's all about
Maybe Norma will send me an email on it
Instead of bothering me with silly ass phone calls
Where does him about to go on here
I realized he probably thought
I had about a half an hour to go
Which I was hoping to as well
Would have been nice
We're kind of spoiled and pampered with that crap
1045, 1050
And all of a sudden 1018 right on the back there goes a how-way
Ring in the new year with a new car
Truck from the folks at Armstrong
Fortohomes Day
You've been putting it off
Buying anything but don't wait any longer
For a limited time
Get 0% financing
And aimed at following new O5s
Instaq from Ready for Immediate Delivery
Escapes, free stars, toruses
Wow
And if you could see this piece of copy
That what does that say
Absolutely
Super duty, Harley, David Zune Trucks
You up?
Is that correct?
I don't know
And the all new Ford 500
This is the worst piece of copy
From your fact friend, JFI
Man, I hope that you get right over by a steamroller
Okay, man, can you just see the fall out from that?
If you want more than how about 1.9% financing
And all new O5 expeditions explores F-150s and Rangers too
Right now at Armstrong Fortohomes Day
Certain were 60s to apply
The lots of Armstrong Fortohomes Day are jam-packed
And they're cutting prices right now
They offer more value to you
Their law of customers because when you buy your Ford at Armstrong Fort
You'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program
That's absolutely correct
Tires and batteries for life plus for a limited time
A free sun pass too
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Fortohomes Day
Will guarantee you the best price and don't forget
Armstrong Fortohomes Day locally
And they're not pretty
They want to be a customer for life
So they'll treat you just like family
You won't get a better deal on the Ford
Anywhere, no bait and switch, no phony deals
Armstrong Fortohomes Day
There were 307.25
South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836
Check them on the wicked web
ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little and save thousands
From Armstrong Ford of Homestead
Now we're going to be a Rogers at mornings and meetings
And support from the clock to fight
We're going to be a...
In the O-N-E-A-Y
As you see me, yes
This weekend on Access Hollywood
Homer, you're on strike because you want to larger salary, right?
Something very cozy
That's me along those lines
So what more do you want?
Here's...
Chocolate
Or a bit and go now
Sixty-four slices of American tea
Turquoise and cake
Yeah!
Okay, well good luck with that
And while you're on strike, what are you going to be doing?
I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days
Me, Michael Jackson
No, no
No, make sure we have plenty of cold touch
It puts a beer on ice
This is what Michael Jackson looks like
No, this is like an electrical elbow
If you notice, start stating
It means you're picking it too much
Michael Jackson's words
Who do I love you, man?
That's what the world needs now
More love
More...
TELL YOU!
Be touching my special area
TELL YOU MONSTER
Yeah!
Okay, well, shall we all right?
Not gonna think of it yet
TELL YOU ALL MY
That's this weekend on Access Hollywood
Homer, could you see Janet Jackson and Letterman?
Oopie
All right, you're overestimulating
Access
February 23, 2017, before 11
Let's take a look at that schedule
Today, look at that, the mad dog is actually...
Oh, right
Working today, end of March, and Wednesday and Thursday
I don't have the schedule for Friday
So we don't know what that's gonna bring
If you're gonna be about to be like
Contabulating about Friday's schedule, that's why we don't have it yet
Or maybe just tearing it up, having just come back from vacation
Mad Dog at two, then we got to Humper
Is that the orange bowl headquarters
How come they have any orange bowl on January 4th?
Doesn't that seem a little bit late to you?
Well, I think we did that last year too
Did they?
Yeah
Well, let me say it again, how come they do that?
Who can say it?
I don't know
Now, let's see, who's playing the orange bowl USC and who?
Oklahoma
Well, why does it say OU?
Oklahoma
I mean, I know Oklahoma University, but anybody with a brain would have put like, okay
Like Dennis James would say, okay, okay
Are you sure?
Okay
Positive
Yeah, okay
But anyway, it's Oklahoma, USC
Well, that sounds pretty boring
I'll tell you one thing, the game was in high definition
The Rose Bowl the other night
Man was at a great game
Why don't Michigan get beat by Texas on the last minute field goal?
I watched it
That way, and then HD, Man-O, Man-O, Man
You ain't seen nothing
Of course, you're watching on your crappy pedestrian 60-inch panasonic
Or Mitsubishi
That's clever day
But when George finds you that HD
You'll really see the improvement
Next, next bowl season
So, instead it's coming soon
No, and the TV too
Geldy's 7-10 tonight at Hollywood Greyhound
What's Geldy gonna be doing there?
Probably tearing up a lot of tickets
And then, Eddie K. at 10 o'clock tonight
Eddie's torn up a few tickets in his time
I guarantee you that
Let me give a speak at a horse racing and plunging
Got a salute, a couple of good friends of mine
Who are retiring after a distinguished career
First of all, my friend, Helen, in air Canada
35 years at air Canada
And she retired a few days ago
Best of luck to you, Helen
You're the best
And also, another good close personal friend
Phil Sotsman, even you know Phil
As I did
The race caller at Calder for the last 20 years
Phil called his last race
I want Phil to know in case he's listening
Or somebody knows him listening
Pass it along
The racing that we're here in their Canada
Which they, the Calder is one of the tracks
They show the races from
They gave Phil a nice mention when he called the last race yesterday
Well good
Yeah, that was, you know
Phil's a good guy, there's a fine job
And nobody don't like Phil Sotsman
So, best of luck to you, Phil, you're okay in our book
Anything else to be missed any of the plugs
Jenna Jamison, I'll mention that now
And we'll mention it again after another clock
She deserves an extra mention
If you don't know who Jenna's in Jamison
Jenna's in Jamison is
Then you probably
Yeah, yeah
So we don't need no big introduction for her
Jenna is there on our
Beated Curtain thing
Right
What are the more modest pictures
No, yeah well
Yeah
Don't look too modest to me
But what, don't know, I know
For her, that's very modest
I understand
I've seen her here and there
Now and then
5, 6, 7
Let's take a bunch of calls, Cristur
Now is that going to be a regular thing
I look for an email from Norma Cant on there
I don't see one
So I don't know what that was all about
Why don't you call, leave me a message
So I know what you're talking about
Mr. Mystery, Mr. Annoing
Me right off the bat
Right off the bat, right on the box
On the first day of the new year
And there he is
Bapapapapa
Just give it a rest already
Sweetheart
Enough
God, some people just never stop
They never lay off
You know, they never just take it easy for a while
Relax
The deal is signed
The checks are clear in the bank
Everything is coming along just fine
Don't worry about it
Don't be looking for problems
I'll let you know when there's a problem
Like with his next call probably
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hello, you wonderful program
Georgia
Yes, Reverend Jones
Right off the bat for the new year
Wonderful program
With that phony voice
Man, oh man, talk about showing your
D-O-D entire world
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Yep, call it from Candle
You call it from Candle, but guess what
We don't take calls from Candle on Monday
Make an appointment for Tuesday
5670-560
These people don't even have appointments for today
Much less than they're calling
How do you like that
Is that a lot of nerve or what
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Your place for Georgia's opinion
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
I double-funk Bauerloo
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Happy New Year
Sandeer, sir
Abbot, eight towards
What
Get those CDs?
No
I bet you some CDs this week, Ed
Didn't get them, man
No
Come on
I think what they're trying to say
They're a little hung over from a while
A while years
Weekend, okay
Don't expect too much
Whatever we get will take it, okay
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Q-A-M
I call it from Miami
Your call it from Miami with the same
Tone of voices when you were calling from
Candle
At least you're making some progress
Next thing, you know, you're being a Hollywood
5670-560
Who could have ever dreamed they were going to be
This good
Oh, yeah
Off the bat, out of the box
Other here, huh
Tom 567
Verizon's singular wireless lines
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hello, Neil
Yes
Today's poll should be
How many years until George becomes a
Radio talk show host
Yeah, how many years before you get a brain
Schmuck
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
I have some issues regarding George
I'll go talk
Can I expand George's on call up and talk to him about it, okay
Yes, some issues regarding
That sounded like Reverend Jones again
To me the other one
Oh, my boyfriend?
Oh, well he's probably a little sore after a tough holiday weekend
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay
I've had a new year, you're doing a great job
filling in for George
And now, Liam, our test is a home-home
Okay, Rob, we're nice to know that
Yeah
I didn't know that
Maybe that's why he talks so funny
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
The George for you, back
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Neil
Yes, sir
I have been new years
Back to you
And this for George, my son
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
Happy new year, how are you?
Great, happy new year, sir
Now listen, I have something for you
Not bad
Mr. G, move back
Oh, we don't care and he should only die, how's that?
Okay, we don't care about Mr. G, he should only die a wicked death
Don't care, all these are all the people you talk to
Thursday and Friday
Told you
You're telling me before the show today
There's all these misfits, all the losers run through the holidays
And like I've always said, when people have got a problem
I have no life
Like that, they're the ones that you hear from
While everybody else is trying to like, you know, get their life together
And since these people have no life
I have no life
That's why they're there
What were delighted to keep you off the streets?
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
The famous line 9, hello
I'm coming from Chicago
Yeah
Boy, that guy's moving fast
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Can I speak to Neil, please?
No, you're not, no, no chance
Now we're not accident like that
Oh, this could be a new record
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
We'll get a lot of them on anyway
Q-A-M-HELLO
Hola
Sounds a little on the dead side of me
Oh yeah
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Yeah
5, 6, 7, 8
We, by 11 o'clock, we'd get a thousand of these on
If I move fast, if you move quickly, as Mr. Ego used to say
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hello, Neil, wonderful program
You have wonderful program
I feel like we're going backward now
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Joe Zagaki
Oh
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
A couple of years ago, I remember you talking about a pain in your shoulder when you
slept
Yeah
Is that unusual? I mean, don't most people eventually,
sometime in life, get a pain in their shoulder when they sleep on their shoulder or something?
Yeah, that's the pain in my shoulder
I was wondering if you ever got that thing taken care of and what you did
And what I like about it
Yeah, sir, sleeping on the other shoulder worked like a charm
5-6-7-0-5-60
Count 5-60 on a Verizon singular wireless line
Holy moly, man, this is a...
We know what it really is
Thank you, sir
That's exactly what I was thinking
It is amazing, what did you do to the audience, George?
What are you?
How come they're so good today?
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hello, the life card's giving me healthy view
Oh, God
Man, I better take a deep breath
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
I feel a poking when I'm sleeping
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Q-A-M
Yes
That's him again, he's in the vube now
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
I'm definitely
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Overrated
W-Q-A-M-HELLO
Q-A-M-HELLO
Polka Brian, fuck
Yeah, why should we leave him out?
I mean, what's his special deal?
We leave him out
Let's get him out there too, right?
By the way, I don't know if I mentioned this, but I have a special little inside thing
A message for Greg Reed
I don't know if I mentioned that yet today or not
But nevertheless, I might mention it several times
Wow, if this audience had any concept, any, even an inkling
of what went down these last 10 days
You just, you wouldn't be able to function, you wouldn't be able to continue
I think the world would come to a screeching halt
Good morning Q-A-M-HELLO
Good morning, guys
Happy New Year
Happy New Year, Neil, sir
You sound a little bit too coherent for this bunch
I know, I had too much coffee this morning
Say, listen, wondering what your predictions are for 2005 is going to be a big year now
It's going to be a big year, what does that mean?
God, just, you know, good things happening
The world moving forward
Hopefully everything's going to be wonderful, man
We got another year at George W. Fadass,
Yeah, Bush was just over there serving all the damage
Doing everything he could to like, you know, get some brownie points
I mean, what's not to like? Everything is beautiful
No, no, it's a happy time
I have a son, I gotta be happy
Well, congratulations to you, sir, but I mean, I just hope the president
doesn't send you someone who's told him
I've over there to like to be butchered in some of the part of the world
Like he's doing all these other kids
He may send him when he's not old enough, actually
I mean, I do that, if we get desperate
If we invade enough countries, he might have to start taking 10 year olds
That's scary
Well, good luck, T-A-S-R
Thank you, Ficker
There's a real blue skyer for you right there
Everything is why everything is beautiful
Just like Ray Stevens, right?
Right
I mean, just because in fact, I don't want to start with the stories now
Surely, surely, Chism died, that's bad news
Suicide car bombs explode in Baghdad and Balad
But we don't care about that
Tom Dick is gunned, article, and here where he's speculating and inspeculating
So yeah, I'm tempted to like start this stuff
Because when I'd like to know what this deal is going to be
Is he really getting off at around 10 o'clock every day
In fact, if Norma can't would send me the damn email
Or call and leave me a message instead of like call me right before I go on here
So I get some information what he's talking about
Then I would know something, right? But I don't
Just, uh, it's the same old crap
Oh wait, there's an email on my email
Read an email message
All right, read it on the air
That's what it said
Oh yeah, it's from Norma
And it says, update confidential
Wow, read it twice
He wasn't at a computer, so I was, what's wrong with him
Why don't I let you know
Oh yeah
Oh I see, well why is that good news?
Why is it why would it be good news if we started 10 o'clock?
What did, what did Jack ask Norma? That wouldn't be good news
I mean, it's my, as well, siphon some benefit from this whole crazy deal, right?
Right, that would be good news
Well let's know, but uh, the big deal
Okay, nice work, Norma
Just don't push it too far, okay
He's one of these guys that never stops Wheatlin and Dealing
You know, I mean, everything is signed, sealed, delivered, the money's in the bank
And this guy, the, bap bap bap bap bap
Get a life sweetheart, go pick up some homeless kids and leave me alone
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Excuse me, some runaways
Oh, all of us at all kinds of crap coming over my fax machine here now
I do better get to a lot more of these important calls before we start the show for serious at 11 o'clock
Are we doing a show for serious?
See, I don't understand, it's like um
Who is it? Is it Opian Anthony?
I think so, they're on a, over the air station somewhere is carrying them
Even while they're on XM
Okay, I didn't know
And why couldn't we do the same thing eventually down the road, like in about a week, huh?
I mean, if they were, if they were serious, they'd stick us on there right away
Just, just give these great calls, it'll be reason enough
WQA and hello
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good, Pally, happy new year to you
Happy new year to you
Hey, it's the same that uh, that person, uh, person died, I, I love their books
Um, hey listen
It's uh, now you're getting on a tent of call, yeah, yeah
You actually don't have to earn your paycheck
Yeah
You know, it's uh, it helps you get off your side if you lose a week this year
Yeah
All right, buddy, any good hearing you, man
Yeah
Really, really is uh, amazing to me
The great love-hate, we're, we're relationship, we're with the audience
Right, we love they hate
Die, at least I've never changed
Or is it the other way around
WQA and hello
Hey Neil, happy new year
It's the same to you
When you're going to tell George, you wasn't actually on the radio
Those were taped
Yeah, I heard it
And it's over you, over
Yeah
WQA and hello
QA and
I want to talk to the leader, please
Are you in uh, Salt Lake City yet?
No
Mom, what's the cost when you get there, Pally?
567, 0560
0560 under Verizon
And singular wireless loins
WQA and hello
No, I can't hate you
WQA and hello
Hello
Yes sir, speak up
Yeah, I just want to speak to Neil
Got some more on the way on there today
Yeah, we sure do, let's get something really intelligent and articulate like you, what do you got?
I would like to talk about the idiot that just called him and said it's nice hearing from him
The first day he looked at me and then they were all just, how do you, how do you say it's this nice hearing from him when he's on
Listen to him, we'll have to down the radio
Yeah, exactly
He's like, you got nothing to say, he's trying to best he can, don't be knocking him, okay, you're not doing too good either
God
No, one of my favorite deals is somebody will call because they 99% had nothing to say anyway
They just want to hear the sound of their own voice, so they want to either suck up or take a gratuitous shot
But they'll call and then they'll they'll say something in response to somebody that was just on
I don't know, right?
As a, in other words, they had nothing to say when he called
So their material is whatever somebody just said like 10 seconds before
Or maybe not 10 seconds, maybe more like
About 30, man, like that
Well, I tell you, I don't, you're lucky
Oh, yeah
I just dodged this scratchy throat again, I must because I've been such good shape and I
I think the reason for it is the climate change again
It wasn't all that great the week I was in Florida, I'll tell you that
Although I didn't have a very exciting trip to public
What?
Hey, listen, that's one of the highlights when you're in Florida
What else are you gonna do?
They were, it was too cold to like go to the beach, it was like a windy and
Cloudy and the first day there was some sun and I was about it
And you just sit there and you watch TV and you eat and you eat and then you go to
Publish and then you go to like Walgreens, you get a bunch of candy and crap
Or maybe some ice cream and then you go to like Windixie
Now I'm not a big fan of Windixies, you know, but I will say this
Windixie, the one over there in, what is the name of that?
It's on Broward Boulevard, shopping, another shopping center
I don't know, you know, they're so rare
But that particular Windixie has got the self-checkout deal going already
Which I thought that that was coming but not a reality yet
And it would please you to know that I went there a second time just for the
Examiner check my own groceries out
Ooh, yeah, I mean not that I buy all that much, you buy 10 things, 8 things, whatever
Or maybe if you're really...
But third man
And you go through there and you like to scan your own
And you better scan them all because otherwise you're gonna drag your ass away
They got a special room in your back, I think, where they take care of those who don't scan every item
And then you can either pay by cash, you stick them on your right in the, you stick it in the slot
And then they give you the change or you can pay by credit card and you sign a little
It takes you while to figure out what that little window is to sign your name
And that gives you receipt and you pack your own, you bag your own and then you walk out
How do you like that?
I like it
And there are no lines, in fact, I guess they're cutting way back
I guess all the supermarkets are gonna be doing that right?
So, I'll check out probably
Now what's gonna happen because I'm sure all of us have had the experience of
Oh, you know, I heard the Humper one day, when was I hearing him talking about the fact that he has been in the supermarket in years?
Really?
Why is that?
Does he have a shopper?
No, no, no, he just eats out, he eats all of his meals out
That's one of the reasons that he's so
Got a bunch of kids, he's got a bunch of kids
He's got a bunch of kids, he's alive and arrested and too would be nice
So maybe it would be nice if like he goes and buys a salad or something and sticks it in the fridge or anything
People who eat all their meals out are destined to be humongous and die a wicked early death
I'm telling you that right now eating out is not the way to go
I mean eating in restaurants out
Follow my drift, oh I don't know
You think you're gonna like be trim and slim eating in restaurants
Totally not, absolutely
On your meals?
No, but it tastes good while you live
Well, depending on where you eat, sometimes it tastes good and then sometimes it's a lift down
I don't want to mention no restaurant
Well no, the woman called the next day, I don't want to be knocking you know that place
I'm so tempted to say it because it was disappointing
And it cost a lot, when eating a restaurant that's very expensive and it like lets you down
Mm-hmm
You feel like you've been raped in it, you know
It's just not good
But because the lady called, I'd already left town but she called and
Said it was nice to see me and Yadda Yadda, of course they didn't pick up the check which is fine too
But at least if the food would have been good
I'm not looking for freebies just for good food like two jays
I'm telling you, you're missing out, you really ought to try to
Oh well find one somewhere
No, the one you'll find is the one right there in the fountain shops
Or unless you want to go all the way to Boka, which I don't think I would do
There's one for you, man, Boka
It was very good, huh?
Coral Sprints has one, Josh says
Oh yeah, they do, have you been in there?
No, I have
Outstanding
Not good, great, I mean really sensational
For what it is, I mean it's a deli, it's not like a gourmet restaurant
But it's a, um, I guess you call it a gourmet deli
But in fact that's what the name of it is
Two jays original gourmet deli
I had the best omelette I've ever had in my life
And it was just stuff with all kinds of great stuff
Bacon and cheese and onions and salami and you name it
Kaleva
Ribbonus, all kinds of great stuff in it
I just mentioned it because it's so rare when you're fun
When you just accidentally discover a place and you figure
I'll give it a try and then you're walking the door
And they pee all over your first of all
And then secondly the food turns out to be so fantastic
And it was
Not as good as these calls though, QAM hello
Yeah, what's the video?
Speaking
Hey, I got an audition for a bowl
Yeah
Who has a bus for a bit of
Santa, Santa, Santa, Santa, Santa, his movie
Yeah
Why I like him too
Gov. to QAM hello
And Al
Yes sir
You know, somebody was added while you were on
And what is that?
They were added to the lawsuit
That would be Josh
This is everyone joining the game
Again, this is already going on
We're only going to be on for about half an hour
And that's how many calls now
About two to man
Get a life sweetheart
Get a life go get a job
Go out and apply for welfare, Santa
Go work for what's his name
The guy there with a homeless voice
What's his name again?
Oh, Konali, Sean Konali
Sean Konali, Kenali
Kenali, Kenali
Go out work for him on the street corner
Put on one of them orange outfits
One of them orange jumpsuits
W.T. Q.A.M. Hello
Are you having a controversial show?
Yeah, we're having a controversial show
Yeah, about the colors in the past, right
W.T. Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, I'm holding for the mad dog
Who down there?
Yeah, hold this
W.T. Q.A.M. Hello
He grew up watching through and down there
Dad
Well, he doesn't know
Who are all these people?
Anyway, we're in a hell of a-
This is great
This is a good omen, it's the B-team
Is it?
K.V. Q.A.M. Hello
Uh, Neil
Yes, sir
Hey, I'd like to know if you could play the
Uh, dolphin song before you go to commercial break
Now, what dolphin song you're talking about?
Um, I mean dolphins, number one
I am he has a dog
I am the greatest football team
I'm solid
We take the ball from pole to pole
Like no one's ever seen
A joker in the air
We're on the ground
We're always in control
And when you say my enemy
Your pockets keep your focus with us
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
My any dog
Number one
Woo
Yes, we're the
My any dog
And yeah
My any dog
My any dog
Number one
I'm tired of it
Are you sure?
I see it in a way
You're doing it, David
Let's act quarterback
Sir Rosenberg
With the study Rosenberg
What else is it?
My any
Has a dog
And yeah
My any dog
We take the ball
From pole to pole
Like no one's ever seen
A joker in the air
We're on the ground
We're always in control
And when you say my enemy
Your pockets keep your focus with us
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
And number one
Yes, we're the
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
And number one
I'm tired of it
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
Ooh, fly
My any dog
And number one
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Yes, we're the
My any dog
Okay
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
And number one
Oh, you're true
Yes, we're the
My any dog
I have no
My any dog
Ooh
My any dog
And number one
Back home
Yes, we're the
My any dog
You're always in control
You're the most
Ex-collucively
Unpriced city
You're the
air
This is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Ooh
Any questions?
There's
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party
Pushin' this party party party
Jamie says I also get laid in
He thought his expectations were
then
They were getting too close
To the towel-headed body
Calabetic this fall above a
two-hit game
We're drugs and pop
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party party
If they told it, they should
swap a three-dot
3000 miles will never be a bench
Pushin' brain waxed
Knockin'
Was the
BAD
So bad
I'll put a back then off a
mug
Can't
What the
BAD
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party
Pushin' this party party party
The day has come
Pushin' this party party
Pushin' this party party party party
I'm gonna call in the history of the human race.
That's whatever.
I mean, it's a session of brilliant observations about the past year and great wishes to
all of us for the new audience out there.
This region for the poll, what is this thing that you just sent me?
So as happy new year, Neil, how perfect is the USA look now?
150,000 innocent men, women and children were suddenly and unexpectedly spelled very badly,
killed by an actual disaster.
In the meantime, we're spending billions of dollars to intentionally kill maybe 10,000
of the same innocent people.
We got a lot more than that.
Not to mention the 13, almost 1,400 of our own.
Innocent people are innocent people wherever they may live.
It says.
What an observation.
By the way, our government pledged to measly 30 million, but 30 men.
Really catastrophe in Sri Lanka and town.
And then they got embarrassed and they opted to like 35.
And now it's like all the way up to 350 million, even though the Japs are putting in 500
million.
How do you like that?
Are we gonna let the Japs out do us?
Shame on us, man.
Shame on us.
Even the measly Canadians are sticking a double, they're 40 million up to 80 million.
And since Canada's got 10% of the population in the US on a pro or a rate of basis, pro
rate of data, it would be like 80 times 10, right?
Okay.
Well, there's 30 million people in Canada and there's about 300 million in the US.
It sounds like 10 times to me.
And it's not like that to you.
Okay.
So you multiply 80 million times 10.
That means it should be at least 800 million in the US is sticking in there.
And they're putting in a measly 350 million people.
Yeah.
Wow.
Get rid of him.
And roll and cool in there.
Talk about a cell.
There he is with our fat ass governor, Jeff Bush.
Which is on brother.
Oh my god.
Look at our size.
I've seen apartment building smaller than that.
Meeting with officials.
Oh, brother.
Your fat ass governor, the Jebs through too much Bush man, too much Bush in the world.
That's the problem.
That's what the Pope said.
1331 votes on your poll from Friday.
And kind of a cute poll.
What you take on the human race as a whole, that's spelled with a W. Although I think
you just an H would have been good.
It's doomed.
It's doomed.
That's what Robby Young would have said if he weren't dead.
It's doomed 514.
My friends and I are great, but everyone else sucks 295.
That's a good choice.
I voted for that.
Yeah.
Peta.
It's okay.
Okay.
245.
It sucks.
The human race sucks 187.
And it's great.
90.
Not too good.
Only 6.7% of the human race is great.
Get a lot of smaller creatures.
There's a lot of more ignorant creatures.
But the fact that you're bigger and you got a bigger brain means you're smarter and
also more dangerous and they should know better.
Right.
But just don't give a crap.
That's the human race.
Basically, we just don't give a crap.
But you're destroying the environment.
You're limiting all these species.
Well, who cares?
If we can't eat them for lunch, we don't want them anyway.
I would say my one piece of advice to all your kids out there be very, very weary of
people who eat sushi.
I know.
I don't want to pick on anybody in particular.
But if you run into anybody who eats a lot of sushi, be very, very concerned.
Be afraid.
I forgot this tag for Brandy's.
But thank you.
Thanks for being on the show.
We just held the fanboy.
I forget this.
A new piece of copy for Dollar Macris.
You probably lift him a big fat ass.
Certainly was in here.
I want to thank whoever it is that goes in here in the weekend and brings the mail in
and then shows it in a corner somewhere where I can't see it or find it.
Yeah.
So they're trying to be helpful.
Yeah.
That's why we got all them locks on the door there.
So everybody can go in there and play grab ass in our studio, the near-warger studio.
Shirley Chisholm, first black woman elected to Congress.
Dies.
Absolutely correct.
Well, that's not the response I was looking for there.
Shirley Chisholm, the first black woman elected to Congress and outspoken advocate for women
and minorities during seven terms in the house.
The idea of Daytona Beach friend said Sunday she was 80.
She was our Moses who opened the Red Sea for us.
Robert E. Williams, president of the NAACP in Flagler County, told A&P yesterday.
He didn't have details of her death on Saturday.
Chisholm was raised in a predominantly black New York City neighborhood, was elected to
the US House in 68, was a riveting speaker, often criticized Congress as being too clubby
and unresponsive.
And she was absolutely correct.
Man, my greatest political asset, which professional politicians fear is my mouth, she told voters,
out of which comes all kinds of things one shouldn't always discuss for reasons of political
expediency.
She went to Congress to represent New York, the same year Richard Nixon was elected to the
White House and served until two years in Irrondle Reagan's tenure as president.
She was also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus in 1969.
Shirley Chisholm, good lady, she's dead.
Damn it.
The good people are the dead people.
You don't understand that, don't you?
I don't.
And the fact people are soon to be dead people.
That's why.
Oh man, I can't wait.
I will come back special to dance on his grave.
Well, you're good friend, fat boy.
Will it be a kazansky?
It will be a kazansky and a...
Check anything else I can do.
In a pougaloo.
Suicide car bombs explode in Baghdad and balad.
Things are going really hunky-dew.
The election is only 27 days away now in Iraq.
It's going to be on January 3rd.
They say, how are they going to do that?
Isn't that a kid?
Oh, I see.
They don't even have the electricity on around the clock.
You know, like a few hours here, a couple of hours there.
Murder and bloodshed.
In all of these days.
Our designated appointee will win in close.
Yeah.
And we'll win in quotes and there will be civil war and bloodshed.
And that's what happened.
Oh.
To a suicide car bombs, including one that exploded near the prime minister's party head
quarters in Baghdad, killed seven Iraqis and wounded 39 others today as insurgents pressed
their deadly campaign to disrupt those national elections.
Most of the victims were security troops.
You can't complain about the security in Iraq because, generally speaking, there is
nanny.
A third car bomb exploded later today in your US main checkpoint to the green zone, the
heavily fortified area housing the US Embassy in Iraqi government orfaces.
US Embassy spokesman Bob Callahan said US trips you out in a burning vehicle after
seeing.
Tom Jicker writes, good old Tom Jicker.
I think for the new year I'm going to be nice to Tom Jicker this year.
He's, you know, when I was home, friend of mine went to my mother's house before I sold
it and brought out a carton of crap.
You know, all these old photo albums she had, you pee or pants in these pictures of me
as a little kid and everything.
Actually I was kind of cute.
What happened?
That's not thrown out?
No.
Oh, okay.
No, I have them.
Oh, well.
And also, he had clipped out.
My mother had clipped out every article, you know, from Bill Cosford, Restonpiece and
the Jicker and all these other over the years.
I mean, hundreds and hundreds of articles.
Well, make a book.
And Tom Jicker has written almost always great things.
I mean, you know, we had a couple of disagreements in that fact.
When I started with the show in Toronto, I remember him writing, well, how is he going
to keep in touch with the pulses out of Florida?
I got your pulse over here, Tom.
He's very stupid.
And he's been very nice to me.
So why should I be nasty to Tom Jicker, right?
Right.
And especially since we don't have any, we had Kevin Bastard there for a little while
and then he became a sports guy.
That's what the hell always does, you know.
One day the sports guy, the next day they're writing a religion column like Pat Curry,
she died by the way.
Didn't she?
Yes, she did.
Oh, I guess who else died while I was, oh, I'll give you a little hint while I was on vacation.
Reggie White.
Yeah, we talked about it.
Did you post it in the article about what a racist homophobia was?
I had a, and of course all these jocks, these idiotic jokes.
Oh my gosh, he was one of the finest human beings.
Oh, yeah, right.
He was a nut job there toward the end.
He was, he was reading the Bible like 28 hours a day.
Maybe he was trying to get a tone for his sins, of being such a bigoted piece of dirt
and drinking.
I think he died from too much Campbell's soup if he asked me.
So who, who is it, the dog of it?
McNambe isn't it his mom that's in all those spots, not with a Campbell's soup?
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's, she's the soup lady now.
I love when they pour the gatorade on her.
I mean, give me a break, will you please?
Give me a break.
There's as much as I love football, man.
There's some things about professional sports that just leave me limp.
Nobody comes to our house.
Yeah, right.
While the home team is getting beat like 56 to 3, nobody comes into our house and
pushes us around well, maybe once in a while.
Wait a minute, that would be the New England Patriot commercial.
Yeah, I would.
I'm embarrassed for them for putting that on there.
I mean, although they have one, they have it lost a home game in two years, Josh.
Congratulations, man.
Well, what do you mean by that?
It lost the dog.
So nobody comes in there, they lost one, a home game.
No?
No.
No, can we start it?
Okay, Mr. Dolphin.
Mr. Mimey Dolphin.
I'm not going to miss this great coach.
And then this Rosenfield Bergstein, whatever his name is, too many Jewish quarterbacks,
by the way, comes in there yesterday.
Throw it gets lucky.
Throws a touchdown pass in the first play.
Wasn't that his first pass in the first play?
Yeah, I think so.
I didn't watch the beginning of the game.
And all of a sudden, he's the savior now.
Oh, this could be it.
And this could be the right.
Forget about it, man.
You guys, I told you for years that since Danny Boy, they haven't even come close to
finding a real quarterback.
And when you don't have a running back and we don't have an offensive line, and when
your defense is on a field like 55 minutes again, you've got some real tourist there, baby.
So the fact is they booked up out of the new coach, Mr. Ra Ra, system monitor cheerleading,
Norman Bates there, as a Kathy Bates toward the end of the year.
What does that mean?
Still four in 12 is just pathetic.
I mean, wait, if you think that people are going to come out to pay to see that crap.
Oh, you're dreaming.
How long are you going to continue with that dog in ponies show?
Put some talent out there, baby.
Put some talent.
The three worst teams in the national football league beyond the shadow of a dog, the San Francisco
49ers, the Cleveland Browns and your Miami Dolphins, the three worst teams in the national
football league.
Is there any doubt about that?
Do I leave anybody out?
No.
And don't tell me Arizona because they beat the Dolphins.
Last time I checked, may have been overtime, but they did win the game.
An embarrassment, they, oh, I guess who's getting asked out there in the West Coast, another
hurricane coach, Dennis Erickson.
Remember we're trying to remember where he was?
San Francisco, man, yesterday was his last game.
Go have another one, Dennis.
Go have a few beers with the boys.
Oh, and that's right on the heels of Bush Divers, getting Canada Cleveland, right?
Bush Divers, right?
And then of course there was Howard Smellyberger who's now coaching at a little girl school
up there at what is it?
FAU, where is he?
Think FAU?
FAU, what does it make?
Anything that begins in F and ends in U, you know what I'm saying?
No, it's in FU.
Spill it up.
But he smokes a mean pipe over Howard Smellyberger and everybody on our station just loves
Howard.
Oh, he's just great.
He was dynamite in Louisville.
Did I sound like I'm rambling?
Maybe I'm making up for lost time here at the room.
The work will be of just not taken quite as many of those great calls as I was taken
in the first 40 minutes.
Twelve minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQM, it's time to talk about acceptance capital boardies
in everybody's main man, Anthony Calliendo.
Whether you're buying a new house or refinancing, looking to get cash out and just paying down
your debt, acceptance capital boardies will show you the way to get it done.
Acceptance capital specializes in any situation.
They'll get it done when others can't.
100% financing, auction arms, new construction loans, investor and commercial properties, check
out acceptance capital stress-free mortgage payment program.
Stress-free, that's what I like, just like my contract renegotiations, stress-free.
Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month would
they pick a paid program.
No income verification is even necessary and your credit score does not determine your
approval like all other programs because if acceptance capital mortgage they realize
that sometimes bad things happen to good people.
In most cases you can pull out cash pay off all your debts and still pay less free
mortgage payment every month.
So call Anthony Calliendo with acceptance capital today and find out why he's everybody's
main man.
That's acceptance capital mortgage at 888-483 loan.
That's 1-888-483 loan called 2-day.
Parpe, stand by for news.
A 90-year-old man said to his doctor, I've never felt better.
I have an 18-year-old bride who is pregnant with my child.
What do you think about that?
The doctor considered his question for a moment and then replied, I have an elderly friend
who was a hunter and never misses a season.
One day he was going out in a bit of a hurry and accidentally picked up his umbrella instead
of his gun.
When he got to the creek he saw a rabbit sitting beside the stream.
He raised his umbrella and went bang, bang, and the rabbit fell dead.
What do you think of that?
Well the 90-year-old man said I would say someone else killed the rabbit and the doctor
said, my point exactly Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
1117-560.
You haven't heard from Paul Harvey Jr. in a long time when your close personal friends
were going to grade callers from the past.
It's been going to controversial callers from the past.
Norma, stop taxing me about your boyfriends and runaways and all that crap.
Go do some work.
Will you please?
I have no life.
Get out of here.
So your friend Tom Zika writes, he's actually been running an article about you one time.
About me?
No it was one of those answers to a question and I forgot what it was.
Actually in the end I followed stuff that my mother had clipped out.
There wasn't an article about you.
And about how they were all that's right.
It was the first summer that I had my summer schedule in Europe.
Remember?
No.
And originally we were going to do three days a week and then they cut you down to two
and they stuck one of those best of tapes on there until I raised my name.
Oh, remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So there's an article.
I don't know who the, I don't think Tom wrote that.
Let's see.
Oh look at the little Rocco faxes and says before we get to Tom Zika, I got a whole pile
of stuff here so don't worry about these callers.
We'll let them cool off for a while.
Except for the one on one.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Stop picking on GFI.
Yeah.
Up yours man.
I'll put the two of you a loaf.
Stop picking on GFI.
What a turd burger.
What a backstabber.
What a phony piece of crap man.
I can smell it all the way up here.
You lying devious, dangerous candy bar stuff in piece of mung.
Anyway, Rocco writes, I don't know if you got any time to read on your vacation.
No, I did not read.
Well, I read the papers every day.
They're funny papers.
But if you get a chance, take a peek at the Godfather returns.
It's a good read.
I'm not going to read the Godfather returns.
Okay, I don't read fiction anymore.
Even as much as I love the Godfather, it expands on the original characters.
Frato who turns out is gay.
Frato was not gay.
Okay.
Jeez, he was banging Cocktail with his ass.
What a time.
The player couldn't get a finger at the table.
What the hell is this man talking about, huh?
You cannot lock a man.
What the hell is going on?
His betrayal Michael, his military background in the book, introduced a new dawn who was on to replace Michael.
It basically fills in, while the new dawn replaced Michael with Tony, what's his name?
Andy Garcia.
Vincent.
It basically fills in what went on between Godfather 1 and 2, and what happened immediately after Godfather 2.
Hint, Mikey makes a deal with the bootleger, father of a young charismatic politician who was on to become the president.
Check it out if he can get any free time.
Well, that couldn't be a candy, could it?
Just a quick tip.
Wow.
Congratulations on the big checks, right?
Yeah, they got some of the big checks coming.
No problem.
It's a matter of age.
I think your brain is going to start.
From all that comedy with him, young girls.
Love a 19 at 560 WQ way in.
So anyway, getting back to Tom Jicca.
See, look at this.
It's almost 11.30 already.
Well, you stopped messing around with our deal here, Norman now.
Now that we got the deal finally, aside after all that grief and trauma, we're willing to start like 145 sounds good now, right?
Oh, yeah.
What a week here.
Firstly, since George got that big signing bonus check.
And Josh, Josh can buy his own TV now.
Yeah.
Oh, five menu.
This was on New Year's Day on Saturday.
Tommy Jicca writes, FCC waffle, fried ham, fish toast.
It's just some rambling thoughts that Tommy's got.
First, I don't even want to read this thing about the FCC.
CBS and or Foxville Challenge, FCC and Dicency Finds and Court and win.
I'm grounds that the rules are too vague.
From your pen to God's ears.
You know what I'm saying, Tom?
Damn God.
But in the middle of this column or toward the ass end, WQAM AM-560, Tom says this is Tom Jicca again, saying,
will look for ways out of its deal with Howard Stern well before the shock jock jumps to satellite radio next January.
WQAM needs to have a new sports-oriented morning drive program in place before football season in the fall,
prime time for sports talk,
lest if you have primary competitor Waxi AM-790,
and opening to make further inroads.
What's more, with Neo-Rodgers having reupt for what will be a total of four years, now how come Tom knew about that?
He's the only one in town that knew about it.
Greg Reinscher didn't know about it.
Then by the way, did I give that message to Greg and case anybody of Casey ever returned?
Tom says what's more with Neo-Rodgers having reupt for what will be a total of four years?
It makes no sense to continue to compromise the state's most valuable property with late starts
because of overruns on a syndicated program on its way out the door, you know?
Excellent observation, Tom.
Always liked that little ball, the Tommy Jickey, you know what?
Did I always say I love Tommy Jickey?
Everyday almost.
Everyday we always, in fact, we pay homage to Tom to begin the show every single day here.
I mean nobody's perfect.
I mean Tom's problem is...
He's body stupid!
But other than that, we love him.
Thanks Tommy.
At least he recognizes the fact that show exists,
which is like I started to say before Kevin Paschew became a sports guy now.
And then Harold doesn't, and then of course Barry Jackass.
It's the only place I'll ever read about QAIM in the Harold is when Barry Jackass is right to come.
He must be on a longer-standing vacation.
I sure hope Mommy packed a lot of sandwiches for him.
All of them, Mommy probably went with him, you know?
Or anything he's the kind of guy that would take Mommy on vacation, like maybe up to Stuart, St. Petersburg.
So we're not too far.
Barry doesn't want to be too far from home.
Just in case Greg might be caught on his cell phone.
He doesn't want to get out of the roaming area.
Okay, we got Janet Jamison on our beaded curtain today, fine picture.
Very modest, as you said by her standards, but never right.
And very often I give the whole biography, because we sometimes have people on there
that nobody knows who the hell they are.
Very few people know who they are, you know?
But if you don't know Janet Jamison, then that's right.
Am I right?
Right, she's a sportsman, everybody knows.
What red-blooded porn addict doesn't know Janet Jamison unless?
They're gay.
Right, and even some fags like, I know who that is.
I've seen it.
So if you want to see it, there's Janet Jamison and all her glory.
You have to be over the age of 100 and have 75 pieces of ID.
Okay, and a permission slip from John Ascroff.
Now they don't have much else to do.
Here's our poll question today.
What person thing, this is worded very poorly.
Okay, so I apologize.
It's the beginning of the year.
I'm like, I got a scratchy throat.
And so as a result, I'm working under duress.
Okay, I'm working under like, beautiful pink dress.
What person thing, business, or place can you least understand its popularity?
If that isn't the worst phrased question we've ever asked,
but you understand what it means though.
Right, right?
I do.
What person thing, business, or place can you least understand its popularity?
Earlier, I paid tribute to my friend Phil Saltsman and my friend Helen the Air Canada,
retiring after wonderful careers, but they're very is taking a hiatus.
He's going to get lost on that new hiatus road there that I can't figure out where it goes.
He's not funny.
He's syndicated all over the world.
And in South Florida, they act like he's the fund the greatest humorist in the history of mankind.
He has never written, said or done anything that's funny, except he's kind of like funny looking, you know?
Right.
Right?
I agree.
So that was my, in fact, that was the inspiration for this poll when I read about,
oh, it's his little last column for the old Dave Barry.
Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny looking.
Yeah, that's him.
McDonald's.
And then he said Neil Simon.
Yeah, nobody's going to vote for that, but well, you never know.
You will.
Yeah.
But John, he ever decides to put it on there.
You will.
So we need a whole bunch of people.
Let's see, persons, things, businesses or places that are very popular, but you just can't understand it.
I mean, McDonald's, I guess I can understand it because it's cheap and it's dependable.
You know what it's going to be, even though it's monstance.
It's, you know, matter where you go in the world, I've told you this before and it's true.
It's the same.
It's exactly the same.
There's no, I stepped like an Italy.
And to me, that's one of the greatest crimes in history, the fact that there are McDonald's in Rome,
with all the great food they've got, all the trotterias, you, you, and it's hard to fight a bad meal, although I have found one or two,
but it's not easy to do in Rome.
But to think that we're poisoning them with McDonald's, we'd make death.
But they do have, they had like things you won't find in a menu in North America like they have special desserts and things,
because the Italians wouldn't put up with just the same pedestrian crap, the same garbage.
Amsterdam, though, what you see is exactly what you get, including the pet rat that's running around there on the, on the, the dam rack.
So let's get some names and things and places in the stuff for the poll before we continue with this fantastic, uh, a way of crap.
How about you QAM Hello?
Hi, I'd like to talk on a new Roger show speaking.
You're talking on a right now sir.
Okay, well, first of all, I got two piece of the, the survey you're asking, how is reality TV not one of the things that people do not understand the popularity of?
That's that way to be in your survey.
Absolutely.
And second of all, I don't know how you have Arizona Cardinals, not the worst TV in the NFL.
Dolphins, Dolphins, speed of man, dolphins, I mean, they beat the dolphins.
They lost the San Francisco twice.
The same team, the only team, the only team in the city could be with Arizona and San Francisco, the worst TV in the NFL.
I think that says Arizona.
But they beat the dolphins, so they would make the dolphins a worst TV in the NFL.
Yeah, but the dolphin's the dolphin's the dolphin's the patriot to make the patriot's even worse than the dolphin's, I don't think so.
Yeah, seems to me the Patriots were 14 and two or a thing.
Right, so I'm telling you Arizona is the worst TV in the NFL.
Okay, we believe you.
Thanks a lot, Kelly.
Bye-bye.
See you.
He talked me into it.
I mean, any team that could get beaten by San Francisco twice, although San Francisco, Dan near beat the dolphins were like lungs and heads and all out of breath of when that game, if you recall, as with the Browns.
The Browns, seriously, the Browns game, I just don't know.
I was so glad when Olinda Maade finally kicked that field going got that thing over with, get it over with already, please.
And there were people I don't want to like pick on my good friend Ken Halpern from National Limbo.
I don't want to pick on Ken because he's a great guy and picked me up at the airport.
No, he didn't actually took whatever he did.
Takes good care of me.
But he, you see, he got a free ticket of the game.
And I guess Ray Perry was very nice to him and told him that his kids to come inside and get warm because they were freezing their ass off.
But he actually enjoyed the game.
So I think what Ken is trying to say, like so many others in South Florida.
I have no line.
Right. I understand Ken. You can't help it.
But that was maybe the worst game I've seen in years and years.
And just ponderous. Nothing happening.
Just a display of ineptitude, the likes of which his seldom and seen.
But the guys write Arizona's pathetic.
Why do we need the Arizona Cardinals, huh?
Why do we need a team in pohomics?
Have you played any of these new bits, by the way?
I don't know, what's your name?
What about pohomics?
No.
They're not funny, but they kill some time.
I played a lot of those.
Yeah.
Derek in four-lotter day, not my friend Derek from the racetrack.
I went, sorry, fat racetrack.
I didn't get to the track while I was there.
My friend Dick Feinberg and Steve Holt didn't get there.
If you people would have been open on Christmas Eve and something or Christmas day,
like whatever, but you weren't.
Brian Lame interviewed NBC anchor Brian Williams on C-SPANDI,
December 26, 2004, included in one page from the interview in which Williams states,
I think it is my duty to listen to Rush.
He frequently calls his show, both he is in a very select group that Rush has allowed on
and feels limbo has yet to get the credit he's due, forgiving the conservatives out there a home.
How quaint?
What a piece of schmit.
And here's the transcript.
This is Brian Williams.
Well, I'm not going to be watching NBC news.
I'm sticking with Danny Boy till I hang his ass up.
And then when they put Katie Kirk on there, then I'll just turn the TV off.
Oh, yeah.
Can you believe they're seriously talking about that?
Katie Kirk, that bitch.
Is she got any talent?
No.
Is she attracted?
Is she got a brain?
No.
Is she a credible as a news person?
No.
But other than that, that will probably work out just as well as Connie Chink, remember that?
Yeah.
29 past 11 at 5.
60 WQM resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2005 by calling our friends at dial amatras right now.
1-800-Matras.
Nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel every day.
On your daily health, well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you get one tonight.
If you make the call right now, dial amatras.
1-800-Matras.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's getting saggy or lumpy.
And if maybe you're like shoulder-assure, like that guy to call before, then it's time for new mattress.
So you can sleep like a baby every night.
Here's some the complete line of seely.
Surga Simmons, King Coyle, tempered, externs and foster a hewitt.
dial amatras take same day orders all day long from candle to steward, from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
You still get to pick the date and to our delivery window you want your mattress delivered and guess what?
They show up 99% of the time on time.
And maybe like a couple minutes off here in there.
But generally speaking, they're always there when they want them to be.
Dial amatras won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch Award for Resilence.
I'm a satisfied dial amatras customer for years now and I guarantee you will be too.
So do the smart thing.
Make that call 1-800-MATras.
The easiest piece for shopping you'll ever do, or log under their website mattress.com.
Dial amatras 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You are a single new Rogers.
And it's closing down on 560-60.
Q-A-A.
It's John.
Hotel.
The city know-em-post.
Mashins is added again.
From producer Daesterne comes the NBA's greatest hit.
Featuring hitmakers like Ron Othead.
Ow!
Steven Jackson.
Andrew Mann O'Neal.
He's the NBA's greatest hit.
27-Loon and somebody says what about the NBA for the pull?
That's a good suggestion.
I do not understand why anybody wants to watch it anymore.
All that slammer jammer crack.
There's no skill anymore.
But anyway, we shouldn't be saying that because that's all we got in South Florida now.
The heat, right?
It won 8500-Norosom like that.
Have it?
2014-Norosom.
Huh?
14?
14-Norosom.
How about those heat?
How do you like your heat now, boys and girls?
I couldn't care less.
Watch your crack.
Although I will say on HD, man, an NBA where you can't turn it off.
You've got to watch at least three or four minutes because it's so breathtaking.
Then it says,
Thugs Counds and grossly rewarded talent avoidability.
Grossly rewarded talent avoidability.
What does that mean?
That's an interesting thing.
Here's the winner, George W. Bush.
Yeah.
I got some more for the pull myself.
David Letterman, don't get it.
If he throws the pencil to the window one more time, that's it for me.
First of all, I don't stay up to late.
Ordinarily, I don't watch late night TV.
If there was something really good on my mic, but there's nothing there.
The full time though.
Once you've seen the stupid pet tricks and Paul Schafer's balled ahead and the pencil to the window,
that's about it.
And then when you see the promos they put on, and he said stuff that's not even amusing.
And he's there all yuked up.
I'm sorry.
Not into it.
Jay Leno, nothing but a big chin, you know.
And of course, how could we leave off?
And she always does very well in these kinds of pulls.
Because I just don't get it.
Oprah.
Yeah.
Well, what is it?
Is it the past of backgrounds that mesmerizes millions of women all across America?
Is it because women are lifeless and just want to be led down to Garden Path by some of
a bitch that's got a billion dollars?
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Oh, you go read this, you go read that, you go girl and all this other crap, man.
She has, there is not an ounce of talent in that disgusting accordion-style body of hers.
One day it's fat, the next day it's thin, the next day it's, eh, she's, she's like the human accordion.
Oprah.
So what do we got so far?
I'm pleased to see that a lot of people have to agree with him about Dave Barry.
God is he a twerp.
But the guy that called in about reality TV and he has over cardinals.
Good job, Pally.
Reality TV 21, which of course is only in theory because there's nothing real about any of it.
I think it's even turning me against Nick Lache, you know what?
That Nick and Jessica thing, get it off already.
I kept it a heart about two minutes over last night and she was spilling crap on the floor and talking about how it smelled so bad,
that mill dude, and he was giving her about you cleaning up, okay?
Just like what's his name and Godfather?
Who are you?
You cleaning up, you cleaning bitch, whatever.
What do you call her?
I say girl, Kenny Brown.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, see?
What a man we got, man.
Reality TV 24, what person thing business or place can you least understand the popularity of?
Reality TV 24, Dave Barry 15, McDonald's eight, George W. Bush just went on her own a moment ago for you watching him zoomed at the top.
Well, see, I understand because there's a lot of stupid people out there.
The people with IQ larger than their puppet, they voted for Carrie.
Some of them held their nose and voted, but nevertheless.
And the dumb people voted for Bush.
They can relate to a man.
They like somebody who said,
they like that.
They're threatened by anybody who's got an IQ larger than their pinky.
Neil Simon III, Dr. Phil I, which I don't even remember mentioning him, but he'll get a lot of votes.
Letterman I, NBA I, Oprah and Jay Leno don't have any of the first 37 votes.
Let's get these votes in here on a poll, okay?
Let's try to make it appear that on the first day of the first show of the new year,
we're really kicking some serious ass, right?
Let's make it look like that.
That'll take a while for him to get back to get their lives on scrambled.
Because you know the history of Monday is usually pretty grim anyway after a weekend.
And now after all of these holidays, finally, I mean finally getting over.
And the worst part of the deal is in Canada, today is still a holiday,
because Saturday, New York came on a Saturday.
So the loss is that people have to get Monday off.
Unless, of course, they're working on a great scale.
Great scale for everybody's having a big sale and they're making what?
That's what a great scale.
Yeah, it is a big scale.
Now this, this is one of these things that really gets to me.
I've talked about it a million times till I'm blue in the face, maybe not a million, but I believe.
I'm third man.
All these silly ass Bob Gelbaw stuff, top stars unite for Quake victim.
The singers include Sir Cliff Richard.
Now why was he knighted?
I don't understand.
There's an Elton John, I can understand this old 80 billion records worldwide.
He's a king, queen, whatever.
But what is Cliff Richard?
I'm in England, is he big anywhere else that I know of?
I don't think so.
No.
Singers including Sir Cliff Richard and Boy George.
Wow.
Are recording a charity single to help raise funds for victims of the Asian tsunami?
They hope the song will raise more than two million for the relief fund.
Of course we sure hope that we please go out and buy that record fast, okay?
So we can protest all of the profits and we can like get it over there just in time.
What a crocker.
We are the world, all this silly stuff man.
That's the human race going back to your poll question on Friday.
Yeah, let's record a song.
And then we'll, you know, we'll put the CD, we'll stamp out the CDs,
and we'll distribute to all the record stores, and then everybody will come and doodifully invite it,
and then we'll like to scam off the profits from whatever we got, and then maybe in a month or two,
some of the money will get over there maybe if they're lucky, but probably not.
You see, it's just embarrassing.
All of these people like Boy George and Sir Cliff Richard are all multi-millionaires,
send them a million bucks, okay?
And quote with the dog and pony show.
The song titled, Grief Never Grows Old.
Oh, that must be the QM theme song.
That must be Maddie Bell's theme song.
Grief Never Grows Old.
And the scrab is a melancholy ball that was written by Radio DJ Mike Reed, R-E-A-D.
I wonder if he's came to Greg Reed.
Only the sparring's been changed to protect the...
PURVERICATOR.
Former Boyzone singer Ronan Keying may also take part
if a studio can be found close to where he's holidaying and Switzerland.
And in other words, he's so committed to helping out this cause.
And if they can find a studio, in other words, he's not going to take off from vacation.
Right.
Just like Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin, who's a real zero, by the way, he was vacationing in Morocco.
But he had his office, he had the phone, he was working the phones, and he was, you know,
so he comes back yesterday and puts out a big dog and pony show.
Oh, I was in touch with all the world leaders, and we're raising it from 40 to 80 million now,
and that we don't want to be too embarrassed.
Loser.
Other music stars being approached include Robin and Barry Gibb of the BG's.
Oh, I was sure I would have played that.
I forget it.
Can we?
Huh?
I don't know what kind of sound effects are in there.
Play it until we can hear it.
How about people who catch this nice song?
I was standing there with them, not thinking I would die.
I was my hands.
But being able to make new, new moves.
I should ever make a dog known.
A big back of the trap inside my vowels.
I don't know.
How can you die from infected thoughts?
Who let these woodjumps out, does it?
Now my heart's fpped.
You shriek the tiny, so am I interested in?
No!
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami,
with the kind of service you've given this time.
I would act to mean to a roll.
Here's my baby, keep that crown.
I swallow.
Why can't you let me, so you can laugh?
Why can't you lose us, get it right?
My foul will look locked inside my mind.
It can make my turn to go out.
It can die, it can die.
It can die, it can die.
It can die, it can die.
How do you like that?
That was an exciting moment.
I made a whole thing.
Even Joyce would have proved by a thing.
I don't think she'd be too far away from the star.
Hey Joyce, you've turned.
She might not like that.
We'll get back to that.
Some of the other great names in there.
They're recording a CD, you better go out and buy it,
because then we can help some people in a few months.
You know, this needs a meal, a lunch, if there's some lunch.
The restaurant is on 5.60pm.
Do you have a heart or a liver?
No.
Goodbye, Bernie.
I made a sterence.
We hardly got to know you and if you ask me that's why,
okay?
Because you're fat and ugly and it stays.
You have no problem getting laid.
For sure, those how to tickle.
You were banging, you were frigging an abroad from Edward Dutt.
And then you made her sleep on the floor.
You don't deserve a damn thing,
but this song I will sing, and that's oddly the O.P.
to many rounds, with a poor,
a me good, broad of the bronze.
Is that pizza flyer, that lights up the cha-cha?
I'm sure the next one, they choose for home lands security.
We'll be another pathetic slide.
Fourteen-go-noone.
I got sidetracked right at the beginning of the rite.
When I started, I played the Lord made them all.
I wanted to talk about the where was God.
Remember after 9-11 people saying, where was God?
The stop?
How could he allow this to happen?
Where was God when this all went on?
Lee Tsunami.
Now, you got on one hand, you got the Christians,
the good born again, the phonetics, who say,
well, I will teach those infidels not to accept Christ in Yadi-Adi
and believe our brand of crap.
And then on the other hand, this is probably the best lesson for the God squad,
but they won't heed it.
Because back in biblical days, when they knew nothing about science,
nothing they would note Tsunami from Yomami when he's restaurant.
But back in those days, it would be an act of God.
And God's wrath was waxing a hot, and God was punishing.
And of course, stop and think about this.
Here's 140, maybe 200,000 people who died.
Most of them children, by the way, and the tourists,
we were just trying to have a good time.
And God was pissed off.
This is the perfect God that they wrote about in the Old Testament.
God was perfect. He was omnipotent.
I'm not sure, he knew everything.
But every now and then he got pissed off.
In fact, my favorite line that God spoke in Genesis was,
pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
That's my favorite line from the Bible.
He gets pissed off.
Even though he's perfect, so you better be aware of the wrath of God
because look what happens when he gets p.o.
And of course, he's got like a total of three years bad aim.
So a lot of times, if he's pissed off at like a group of people,
or maybe even just one person in the...
Well, if you're happy to be like in the hood, man,
you got real tourists, man.
You got real problems.
Where was God when 150,000 innocent people got swept away by the tsunami, mommy?
This fact from JW, can I...
Yeah, thanks for the congratulations on my new vet.
And no, I don't have to impress any punks in there.
Mustangs, I don't have to worry about that.
Although it would be nice to go get a new Mustang from Armstrong Ford or Homestead, wouldn't it?
Yeah, well...
Well, so there you go.
There's a little extra plug for my friend.
Well, I'm always picking on people that drive Mustangs, but it's a fine automobile.
If you're under the age of 25, if you're like over, I would say...
Fought third, man!
...if you're not be driving a Mustang.
Anyways, as what's up with that junior say-out spot about how cool it is to be?
Heralist, could you play the bit smooth after the spot next time?
I don't even know if we can still play that.
That sounds a little racing.
I don't think it has any of the words in it.
No, are you sure?
Well, we better run it by Joyce first.
No, don't.
And by the way, Happy New Year to Joyce and Carolyn Beasley and all the people of corporate
Naples.
Thanks so very much for a pleasant negotiation and making my life almost worth living, okay?
But most especially thanks for the new year to my close personal friend Greg...
...for an embarrassment and humiliation.
I'm going to...
Maybe I'll have an interview with Tom Jicke one of these days soon, you know?
The audience wouldn't be...
Can you believe that story that I told you?
George knows it by the way they want to know what it is?
Huh?
Yeah, I can.
I mean, in the history of my life, I just couldn't even believe it, even coming from him.
The master pervericator that he is.
I guess maybe it was just an oversight of his part, you know?
I'm sure.
So, Fax is just keep on coming.
What is this?
Holy cow.
Mark says, suggesting for today's full Quentin Tarantino yet.
It says, you know, they put mayonnaise on French fries and everything because of the
only drop dead.
All right.
I like your sentiment, Mark.
He's starting off the new year.
In other words, I don't like people that waffle around.
I like people that are strong, you know what I'm saying?
I don't like waflers.
Waflers?
No, I can't handle it.
I like people that come right out and tell it like it is.
It says, so I see where Nick Sabin, the new Saber-Fiddleton, is totally tanked in his last game at LSU.
47 yards rushing in a complete defensive breakdown on the last play of the snatch defeat from the Joe's of certain victory.
He'll certainly fit in with the dolphin organization like this organization like a glove.
Way to go away and you sure can pick him.
Next year, we'll make this season's 4-12 look like the other feeding season.
Quick spy report.
Oh, no!
This is the worst thing I've ever ridden my life.
Did you read this?
I can't believe it.
I'm in shock.
Paul Harvey, Jr., called the least or the Beast 2-3 days ago and sucked his ass ripping George without mercy.
Beast claimed not to know who it was.
He was talking to, but we the loyal audience knew.
Take your pasty face and drop dead, Phil.
A lot of people are going to have to drop dead to make Mark happy.
Apart from Gilbert, you are the most cancerous polyp on the anus of humanity to ever call the New Roger show,
which leads to a pull question in the audience who might like to sink their teeth and do,
since we thrive on negativity, you certainly do.
What a downer.
I still think the one word besides negative for South Florida.
It's sterile.
Yeah.
Every time I come back for a few days, and believe you me, I left three days early.
I couldn't take another minute of it.
A week was like a year.
Scaryl.
There's nothing there but a bunch of bedroom towns.
Nothing.
There's just a vacuum at any rate.
It says apart from Gilbert, who's the most annoying ponderous chronic slash crank color or faxer,
an instrument in the New Roger show, it's got a long list.
It says this.
Speaking of negativity, Mark says this year already sucks.
Have a great day.
That's the South Florida F and Way, baby right there.
Great fact.
This year already sucks.
And then also this, the JW says, how about some feral drops on the website?
What do we want to do that for?
Really?
Feral drops.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay.
I'll take your children, a cellum, to some Haitians.
Here you go.
There's your feral drops.
Have a nice year.
This is pretty good.
I already told you that.
I want to tell the audience that they'll start calling in.
I got tomorrow and Wednesday's poll.
In fact, no, I think I'll divide it enough.
It's too much.
I got it already.
Anyway, get back to the pop stars who are singing a song and trying to raise money for those of poor people.
It says, other people, Robert and Barry give it the BG.
Jazz sensation Jamie Colum, I have no idea who that is.
Chris Ray, who's Chris Ray.
I don't know.
Josh?
R.E.A.
Who knows?
Sorry.
We don't know who that is.
And Olivia Newton, John, that famous dyke.
She was married to Matt LaPanzi by the way once upon a time and had his baby.
Well, I wonder how they did that.
Not the traditional way I'm sure.
Maybe in a test tube.
Sir, Cliff has recorded his vocal part in Barbados.
While Boy George has recorded his in New York, Reed wrote the song before the boxing day tragedy.
But it thought it was too gloomy to release.
Now he plans to have it recorded by collection of pop stars under the name of One World Project.
Isn't that great?
We are the world.
We're all dying.
I'm dying out of here.
Gloomy.
I think Mark had a good point.
It's already depressing.
It's only the first of Monday of the new year.
It's a natural home for it because people keep saying to me, it's such a good song.
But such a sad song, Reed said.
Maybe all in junk, can we really sad songs?
That's not bad.
I like sad songs.
It's a good song.
I like how I'm still standing better though.
I love that.
What's wrong with I'm still standing?
Everything.
I like to look off your freedom best though.
Yeah, I like it.
He said the song was a slow ballad.
It would work with around 10 singers rather than a single long like the band-aid, 20 single raising money for famine, Relief in Africa.
The backing track has already been recorded and organized.
I was hoping to be finished within the next week to record shops as soon as possible.
When a doubt pumped that baby out, man, get in those record stores.
In fact, I would line up right now.
Have you nearby record store?
And wait for those to come in so you can whip out some cash and help all those poor desperate people.
Reed went to the Disaster Emergency Committee, which is coordinating the British Relief effort with the idea that after Boxing Day.
Of course, I'd be pleased in terms of what it meant for sales that went to number one here.
Oh, of course it'll go to number one, just like they always do.
We are the world...
Number of Michael Jackson was the doing we are the world.
We love the little boys all over the world.
Stuff like that.
Smokey Robinson was on there.
Who else was on that?
Oh, geez, I don't know.
But the media...
Come on!
Everybody famous was on there.
You are safe for Africa, right?
Right.
Well, the audience will know.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
We got the mad dog at two today.
Oh, right.
So I'm sure it'll reflect a great length on the Dolphin's fabulous season 4 and 12.
Somebody QA and Hello.
It's the lady which is coordinating the British Relief effort with the idea that after Boxing Day.
We're on the 82nd delay now, you know what I'm saying?
Hello.
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Who's...
Hey, I'm Fraa, Iliana, Rrrrrr, Rosn, Lateman, and I like scrubbing my slagrilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Rrrrrr, hey, I'm gonna use the hour!
Say, guys!
Blame it on my child!
Oh, my God!
My lawyer says it's worth white hair or salt, because I've been looking around
When excuse to explain my quirk
You can recognize me
My doctors have reached out my acquissary
And I keep children around
And they've even started my path
People say that I am gay
That is why I'm having to leave the Marie
Yes
It's way too late to compensate
With the song that's really bad
Blame it on my child!
Oh, my God!
I love those toys that I never had
The only thing I show in my life
For my child I am using the hour
Before you judge me
And call me free
Let me find an answer
I'm safe
I believe I've played that
It's his cancel of the musical
The winner of course is Michael Jackson
I mean, he made a lot of good music
As much as we test him personally
And just fives and revile him
And feelings the biggest piece of terror to come down in a long time
Although he's no Phil Sims, I'll tell you that
But then who is?
All the people in the world, the one person I did test the most
And beyond, not even close, Phil Sims
I love George W. Bush compared to the way I feel about Phil Sims
This man, somebody needs to put like a sock in his mouth
Shot him up already
What game was he doing yesterday? It was the Cold Stenver game
Did you see that Josh?
No
He was doing a game with what's his name?
Jim Nance in your pants
And like I said, Jim Nance, he's okay
And especially compared to the guy with so many bad play by play and color guys now in football
Because they got the 85 games every week
And there's so many really bad bad people doing games
Just the horror
Oh, and the telecast
Listen, can I make some good play?
Okay, we see him on the sideline for a couple of seconds great
I want to see the game
I don't know if you get him if he rated the way I do
I don't want to see a close-up so I can see every zip on some guy's face on the sideline
I want to see the game
Okay, I want to miss the play
I want to see where the ball is
I want to see what that was going on, how many yards
And another thing that Fox did throughout the Patriot San Francisco game
Is you know how on top they got all the info about the score in the time of the clock
And they also get like second and sixth or third and five whatever they shared the down in the yard
And they insisted not doing that
I don't know why they did that, I guess just to piss me off
Okay, Rupert Murdoch, you great rubber you
But Phil Simms, he is the most detestable
The yard line, the sideline
And the sideline that phony affected DRAW all his end
We don't care what you think, don't you understand Phil?
Shut up!
Hey shut up!
You jackass!
Oh God!
Let's take Phil Simms all day over Chris Collinsworth
No, I hate Chris Collinsworth but I love him compared to Phil Simms
Because first of all Chris Collinsworth generally isn't on one of the games that I'm watching
Thank goodness
You know, for whatever reason Phil Simms is wound up on many of the Patriot games he's seen
And then of course the cult Bronco game had significance this day
And I'm going to tell you something again, I don't want to get football oriented
But the most overrated team in the league is Denver, man
That Jake the Snake, Jake Pumber to me every now and then
Once in a while I make the really good play but he is such a bozo
He is so bad, so bad
And I'm going to tell you the biggest choke artist in the history of the NFL
That is, I'll give you a clue
Go ahead
I'll tell you the team he plays for and the number he wears
Number 11 for the Buffalo Bills
Through play, it's a
He is the big, did you see any of that?
I did
They're playing, they got that game, they got a shot, man
Is Jimmy Johnson would say we got a shot
They just when the going gets tough, that's when Drew Blitz so puts it on the ground
Maybe every game I've ever seen when he's playing a big game
No wonder Butler checked out with his ass, okay?
It made way for the beautiful Tom Brady
But there was a third string, huh?
That's what makes it worse, is they were playing like their second and third string
Oh my god, yeah, and their eighth string quarterback there
That kid is 10 years old, Steelers
Trying to hand him a game
Everybody had home field advantage wrapped up at a playoffs
And here's Buffalo desperate, they got to get this game to get in
And Drew Blitz so there in the most clutch-planning game he crossed it up
Then how do you like that little shovel pass way through it away?
Yeah, that was good
About a nine-year loss, I'm third and one
You are pathetic Drew, you are a choke artist
You can hear those gagging cluck, whatever they are, gurgling sounds
Like that guy, a gurgling caller
You hear those sounds right through the TV
Anyway, I get a little too whipped up about that crab George is in a coma
He don't care about football
He don't want to watch other guys with tight pants play silly-guess games
See, I totally should move to the top tonight, yes he did
But if I put Phil Simzon there, I'd vote for him first
I despise him, he just makes every bone in my body ache
even worse than the Nese Topman
What person thing, business or place can you at least understand the popularity of
George W. Bush 49, see now I wouldn't vote for that because I do understand why he's popular
because there's a lot of morons out there that can relate to him
Right? That's not tough to understand
I mean if America were a country of educated, worldly people who understood where to hell all these other countries are in the map
Most Americans, if you put a gun to their head, said, okay, here's a map of the world, show me where Sri Lanka is
How many of you think could tell you where it is?
About 30 men
Right? Right
It would know Sri Lanka from Paul Anca
Bush 49, we are already TV 47, Dave Barry 24
Oh go away Dave, you're not funny, okay, you're funny, look at what you're not funny
Dr. Phil 23, Oprah 13, isn't it amazing how he's passed a bar like she was standing still in the hate and the hate crowd or campaign
McDonald's 11, NASCAR 9, the NV, A, 7, Neil Simon 4, Michael Jackson 2, cut to music, Scott appear
Gotta put your nose deep inside your nostril when you listen to that good old country music man
Gotta put on that kiss and kiss it, kiss it like Bubba used to say kiss it
J Leno 2, David Letterman 2
And Quentin Tarantino don't have any of this but it marks a very valid attack on him
Well that's because these people like Paul Fiction or Suits
And then most of these people haven't been answered him so they don't know that they really do put mayonnaise on their fries
And nobody cares, not a big deal
Actually they also got like some places they put like this brown sauce
Okay, I hate to think what that, I hate to think what that might be, you know
Yeah, the brown sauce they put on a fries, either the brown sauce or the mayo
Ooh, 567560, I'm sure there's a lot more people places and things that need to be on there
Like places, we don't have too many places on there
Like what's a place that people love that you can't understand it?
Like, Rascal House?
No, that's a business, Rascal House needs to be on there
Oh, place like a city, an area like a city, like a country that people love to go to for the life of me
I just don't understand why
How about Paris, although I mean the people are obnoxious and the weather's pretty crappy
But there are a lot of beautiful things to see there
I mean at least there's art and perversion and things like that
So I can't understand gay paris, although the food sucks
Gay
For people that are supposed to be such great gourmet cooks
And also makers that such great toiletries and cosmetics and perfumes
For number one they stink and number two, the food gets crap
I guess they export all the good stuff
Well, the perfume makes sense if the people stink
You gotta invent something to cover it up
Yeah, that's a good point. Not doing a good job of it by the way
Come up with something new because I can still smell it
Especially for some of those people out in the casino
Woof!
Man, you think kid curry
Well, there's something about your diet
When you eat certain things, it makes your pigment of your skin a certain way like you
You smell like you've been bathing in it like that curry thing for hours and hours
All of that is not a good time to be picking on Indians, it's bad
W.A.M. Hello
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
Happy New Year
Same to you
The other silly bread on there was George Michaels on the same African album
Oh, God
Okay, I haven't shown it to you, let's have a nice day
W.A.M. Hello
Hi, Neil, I'm a first time caller and I like to call you
Yeah, sure
It's like God came here if I may
You what?
You're watching the one
George is going to
W.A.M. Hello
Neil
Yes
Hey, welcome back
Thank you
I don't understand wrestling
You're a professional wrestling, I love it
Hey, Jack, people know it's fake, one more thing you're talking about football
I found on history that
Mandage in Moa on Series 9 of I Radio
Doing a play by play
You're because Series has got all the NFL games now
Yeah, hey, God please, so I heard him on there
But once I get the hell out of here, I can hear him when I want to
But why would you want to hear it though?
Because I like Mandage
That's a good reason
Not the only reason I think you want to listen to the dolphins because they're making all the way
Thanks a lot
Speaking of Moa, it's too bad
Well, we could start because I don't want to make the CD
You know, to raise money for a band and pay rescue this year
Or this and other things
But what we...
Now, I'm not going to get involved in it, is it enough?
How much are we going to raise? Are we going to make even like a dent in that?
Or like a tinkle in the ocean? No
So that's not...
You know, I don't like grandstanding, okay?
I like doing things that we can make a difference
Like the abandoned pet rescue thing, Camille's house made a difference
Center one, we made a difference
Band and pet rescue makes a difference when you raise, you know, tens of thousands of dollars
For an organization like that
But I was thinking the Moa were David and Chea ahead
Chea Mo
Yeah, now they... now they finally flipped his lid and get rid of those nasty muskwacks
That awful smelly... those wigs, those awful pieces used to wear that I embarrassed him out of
Now, how about the Moe Chea head?
Chea-mo
Yeah
And just water it and it sprouts, whatever it is
Yeah, just like that
You can just be any seeds you want on there
Yeah, or you can just smear romani's on it too
Like the... like the Dutch
12 minutes past noon at 5'60 WQM Audio Horse Racing and Poker Repair, fans
Pompadopark Racing and Cardroom is kicking off the new year
Tonight, something really special I want you to tell all your friends and neighbors all the degenerates out there
Tonight is going to be the world famous free spaghetti dinner night at Pompadopark
Tonight, just by a Monday Pompadopark program, get a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner on the 4th floor players room
You don't have to like plunge your guts out, you don't have to make a bet
Just by the program and you get a coupon for the free spaghetti dinner tonight at Pompadopark
Pompadopark, features free admission, free general parking every day
Live harness racing in the Polk Room Action every Monday, Wednesday, like tonight, Friday and Saturday
Polkers starts a new live racing gets underway nightly at 7'25 in the PN
Every Wednesday at the track enjoy $1.00 draft beers, so does Hot Dogs and Lots more
Pompadopark is open every day featuring the best silent casting from all across North America
harness racing through a bread even high-lie as well for you to watch and plunge your guts on
Pompadopark, just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road
For new racing schedule check out www.pompadopark.com online or make that call
954-972-2000 and they'll tell you where to go and when to go there
954-972-2000, Pompadopark, horse power even plunge your guts on
Don't forget post-time tonight 7'25 in the PN and the free spaghetti dinner at Pompadop 2 nights
You are a sneak-ton meal Roger
Dance school experience
This is the A.M.
Down on your hands and knees and lick my boots
The other new Christiana team
George horses, our Christ end game
We are endowed in the Rhythm of Wups
Brings in the Alibraids of Dumnus
In sacrifice we must ingest
The body and blood of full will splash
When she's Lord and different life, put on in the highest
When she's Lord and different life, put on in the highest, put on in the highest
Put on in the highest
Dance school experience, push up some of them, push up push your dide
Push up push your dide, push up push your dide
I'm dying out of here
1217-560-WQAM
Happy New Year from all your good friends, even those who rely a lot of QAM
Here's a thanks from Bob and Plantations says my submission for your pool
Sports Talk Radio, that's an excellent one
Yeah, I'm the one hero
I'm a good friend, I said how they go
If I want to hear overrate tools, talk to a high pitched anonymous voice about Jackson tight ends
I'll cruise the restrooms of Plato's retreat
And is there anything more boring than watching a Marlins game?
Yes, listening to it on the radio, especially when Dave Ann boring is doing a play by play
I don't want to like interfere in their organization because they're very uptight and sensitive
But if you're going to like try to get people out to the ballpark, even when you're not having a winning streak
You know, when things are going a little bit tough
Probably the best idea is to have somebody to make the game exciting on the air
Like the booster does that, we like to move a lot
But Dave Ann boring puts them in a way terminal coma
I just, that's just my own personal suggestion
But I think he's probably coming back
Is he Josh?
Josh can't answer, he's out of the room for some reason
I'll be there, and you probably want to see if Dave Ann boring is coming back
Or maybe like when he heard Dave's name, he liked all of a sudden got intestinal problems
I can hear it
Irritable bowel, go grab a towel
John in South Carolina says South Carolina, in other words nothing to be refinered
They're getting out of South Carolina, I sure agree with that
I've driven through there real fast many years ago, and I ain't going back
I don't cotton to go back there
I mean, you didn't get out of North Carolina, whatever you want
There's probably some decent places in North Carolina
Not in South Carolina
You got to go deep into the woods to find them
But yeah, not in South Carolina
In fact, that wouldn't be surprising for that crowd in the entry
Probably swept downstream from South Carolina
So there are South Carolina's put them in a list
How can we put it on a list when Josh isn't there?
I'll jot them down and we'll catch up
Oh, well where is he?
You know, last time he's out there, he goes
It was indeed a bathroom emergency
Was it really?
The last time it happened
Well, what do you eat guys eaten in there?
I don't know what they say
Bad bowl of grits gives you the...
I think he didn't have a bacon egg sandwich
Bacon egg sandwich, it'll do it every time
They're not a good combination, very bad
So now he's going to happen across the globe, experts warn
You ready for that?
In fact, guess what?
I'm going to say I'm thinking it might be a perfect spot
Not bad enough that Florida has to put up with all the hurricanes all the time
Now occasional tornadoes as well
The death toll in Southeast Asia may have reinforced a widespread but dead wrong belief that tsunami's happened only when earthquake strike in faraway seas
Sudden devastating waves can happen around the globe
Even where the risk of a major earthquake is small, experts warn
Including the U.S. densely populated Atlantic coast and along Texas coast on the Gulf of Mexico
Neither coast has got a tsunami warning system
And Texas state emergency plans don't even mention tsunami risks
Because the chances of one occurring seem small
People in the most earthquake-prone states are Alaska, they have a lot of earthquakes there by the way
You know that?
Yes, part of that rate
West coasting, Hawaii, Washington, Oregon and California
That's that left coasting, God has pissed off at all and liberals
No one can experience how destructive the twin threats of quakes and tsunamis can be
But these tsunamis that might threaten the Atlantic or Gulf coast might not come from earthquakes
Wow
In the Atlantic, a grave threat in addition to this number of quakes is the collapse of a volcano across the ocean
Huh, makes you kind of think of that parallel I'm always trying to draw between mankind and ants, you know, like an ant hill
That's pretty much what we are, we're like the ants crawling around on this globe
We just have it to be bigger and more dangerous
Volcano-induced tsunamis would occur when huge amounts of heaped up volcanic material slide into the sea
Have occurred innumerable times with local effects
But one will happen with catastrophic impact sciences believed during a future eruption of a big volcano such as
Cumbrae Vieja in the Canary Islands off northwestern Africa
But we don't want it happening in Cumbrae Vieja
These tsunami from the predicted collapse of Cumbrae Vieja, finding out across the Atlantic at about 500 miles an hour like a jet aircraft
Would draw, oh God, would drown Florida within nine hours with waves of from 33 to 82 feet according to a 2001 estimate by scientists
At the University of California and London's University College would drown Florida within nine hours
That's enough to put nearly all of Florida underwater and damage the whole country's Atlantic coastline
In the Gulf of Mexico, the risk isn't from earthquakes or volcanoes, but from another little known source
Underwater landslides that generate huge waves
It's not a theoretical threat to the Texas coast, it's already happened
And undersea landslide technically a slump about 90 miles off Galveston, one-cent-some-cug-of-14 cubic miles of earth sliding down
The slump at the Gulf's east-brake formation through its tsunami estimated 25 feet high out of the Texas shoreline
According to researchers who studied its geological aftermath on the Gulf floor
That was about five to ten thousand years ago, many lifetimes from humans, but a blank in geological time
Peter Trebot, marine hazards consultant Houston, who studied the landslide said
There's no reason to believe that it won't happen again, it's coming
Just like most said, it's coming
If it happened again it would rush all over the barrier islands including Galveston Island, all the coastal cities
Port Arthur, Galveston, I mentioned they probably re-released that song by Glenn Campbell
Remember Galveston?
Mmm, I'm trying to believe it
Galveston, oh Galveston, I'm joking
Freeport, corporate, christian, to ran, said there's certainly a possibility this could happen at any time
Okay, we don't want to get you nervous or anything like that
Especially you people live in Florida and Texas like the whole audience
Be afraid, be very afraid
Oh, yeah, still the likelihood that it'll happen anytime soon seems so small that Texas has done nothing to plan for it
Zip ity doodon
Texas official emergency plans which deal in detail with hurricanes, tornadoes, floods fires, and host of other natural or human induced catastrophes
Don't even mention tsunami said William Ares spoke for the state division emergency management
If a tsunami threatened the testist's coast air, said officials would use the warning and evacuation plans already
Maybe that's where Joshua, maybe he got an evacuation warning
Is he back?
Yeah, I mean, well what happened there?
Like you said, I got a little evacuation
Bacon egg sandwich, man, don't be doing that again
Don't do it, you'll regret it
You'll get that irritable bowel and even a gigantic towel won't help cover up that
Oh, I don't want you to even think about it
Haven't even had my lunch yet
There's a problem it says here emergency planners can track a hurricane for days even an earthquake or volcano induced tsunami
Can allow for hours to get people away from most dangerous areas
But a landslide induced tsunami might offer no warning at all
Just kind of like there it is
Earthquake monitoring systems wouldn't pick it up, experts say for the first time the public knows about the tsunami might be
When it signs into the shore when it's too late
You can't detect them said Harry Woodworth, they meet you well as just with the National Weather Service
You don't have much time to react when God gets pissed off
So be nice, okay stop getting God pissed off all of them
And you won't keep in flicking all these horrible disasters on us
The plague of the locusts, all of these things, the great flood, sure made those dinosaur
Barbaric idiotic ignorant people
And while the good book says it was written, the head is written
Just like they had another piece I think it was a date line last night about that fake toilet bowl with the crypt from Jesus and Jacob and my father said it
Yeah, Jesus is brother
Another Israeli Shister
How unusual and Israeli Shister
Let's see here the singers from we are the world. Thank you very much from Jerry Bonita Springs
Haven't heard from Jerry in a while, have we?
Nope
Nice hearing from you, Jerry glad to see you're still alive
I just hope you enjoyed your happy, happy holiday
Oh yeah, I had a really happy holiday season dealing with let's see Greg Reed and Joyce and Carolyn Beasley
Oh, it was time to rejoice
And what did they say we joyce it holiday time, huh? Is that when you get a new one?
Yeah, I re up and rejoiced
Says here's the list of performers on the we are the world track. I don't know if anyone called it in this is USA for Africa
Al Jaro
Bed Middler
Billy Joel
And don't you remember the way they have had the headsets on they were they were rocking back and forth
We're singing now as fast as we can hope for more people star before we get the money to them
Billy Joel Bob Dylan Bob Gellbough, who of course was the brains behind this whole Kakarai
You're amazing you get these two confused I think
Oh, who is the other one?
Bob Gellbough did bad thing
Band-aid, band-aid, European
Yeah, and they was involved in this they know it's Christmas was he?
Bruce Spring is name is on there
Bruce Springsteen, Cindy Lauper, Dan Acroid, Diana Ross, Dion Warwick, Paul and Oates float
Harry Belafonte, Hughie Lewis and the Luz, Jesse Jackie Jackson, James Aingrom, he's good James Aingrom
Jeffrey Osborne, Kenny Loggins, Kenny Rogers, Kim Carrens, how far all these people have been on there?
I'm gonna have to get the video and watch it again
Latoya Lindsey Buckingham, Lionel Richie, I don't like Lionel Richie, you like Lionel Richie?
No, no way, go away Lionel, relax your daughter but not you
Marlon Jackson, Michael Jackson, Paul Simon, Quixie Jones, I love the way he was doing like the thing with the hands
He's conducting like, like your Mary Annette's like puppets on a string, you know, Quincy a silly person
Randy Jackson, Ray Charles, Reston Peece, Sheila E, Smokey Robinson, Steve Perry, Stevie Wonder,
Pointer Sisters, Tina Turner, and maybe the Pointer Sisters could point Stevie in the right direction
Tina Turner, Tino Jackson, I don't, that whole Jackson family man, they leave me limp
Ooh, almost like a silly sin, it's not quite a thing
Wayland Jennings and William Nelson, all we're like in, we are the world, that's right, some money
Yeah, and people are starving to death, they're dying like flies and these clowns are like singing a song
Marketing it and then hoping that by the time months later all the money comes in and they're gonna get some food or starving people
Or at least taking paper to tombstone, something like that, they're pathetic or what?
What? Tragedy? So it's very exciting to see that we're doing a same old crap all over
Instead of these very wealthy recording artists, each write in a cheque for like 200 grand, 500 or maybe a million bucks to multi-millionaire ones
Oh no, and I'm really glad to see that, what's his name there? Ronan Keating
Mike's just be able to find a studio while he's on vacation here, Mike pitch in a little bit, if not for you
You know, that's a raspberry by the way Joyce, that's our first fruit of the new year
I'm still waiting for my first fruit of the new year, 27 past noon at 560 WDQA, what's time to talk about?
Acceptance capital mortgage and everybody's main man Anthony Calliindo
I would say that next to Tom Brady, he might be my main man, whether you're buying a new house or refinancing, looking to give cash out or just paying down your debt
Acceptance capital mortgage will show you the way to get it done. Acceptance capital specializes in any situation they'll get it done when others can't
100% financing, option arms, new construction loans, investor and commercial properties, check out assistance capital stress free mortgage payment program
Pick from four payment coupons based on your financial situation for that month with a pick-up-aid program
No income verification is necessary, and your credit score doesn't determine your approval like all of the programs
Because at Acceptance Capital mortgage they realize that sometimes bad things happen to good people, they wind up working for this company for example
In most cases you can pull out cash, pay off all your debts and still pay less for your mortgage payment every month
Call Anthony Calliindo would acceptance capital two day and find out why he's just about everybody's main man
That's Acceptance Capital mortgage as a toll free call 1-888-483 loan
That's 1-888-483 loan L-O-A-N call him two day
Minerajer's Mortings and Reditch and Corsa Ramaflok, the Vice Secretary of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of
the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief
Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of
Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of
the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief
Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of
Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief to Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the
gate G like all the other broadcast.
No, no, no.
That's Orange Bull Headquarters?
Well, the Orange Bull played a pro-play.
Well, that's right, Dave.
I forgot.
See, I'm out of touch like Tom Jicke would say.
I'm out of touch.
I forgot.
They moved the Orange Bull from that crappy old falling apart
facility with those horrible toilets to the PP Park.
That's why they call it PP Park, because it's a good place
to take a PP or whatever else you got it like Josh just did.
Even more serious.
I assume.
I don't want to know.
Well, I feel the other way.
Gate G at the Orange Bull Headquarters
for the 7th and 7th noon.
And you got Gelly and Hollywood Greyhound.
So then what did I just hear there?
Was that my imagination?
Huh?
Any K at 10?
I thought I heard like a splash.
A short?
No.
Yeah, a little something.
Anyway, this just in.
I don't know whether this is from a website,
Iraqi Democrats Against Occupation.
It says exclusive.
According to our own sources in Baghdad, Abu Massab Al-Zakawi
has been arrested in Bagouba by US forces.
The US occupation forces will cite the subresters of victory
for their war on terrorism.
The people of Fallujah and their demonstrations
demand the US would draw to the last few days,
which has taught 30,000 people how many thousand?
About 30,000.
Part of the news agency reports have raised slogans
distancing themselves from the Zarkawi group.
The people of Fallujah have repeatedly accused
US forces of using Zarkawi as a pretext
to demolish a city of 300,000 people
in an attempt to quell its resistance to the occupation.
Many of the Iraqi resistance have expressed opposition
as Zarkawi's methods in the past,
whose regard is a small force in the anti-occupation movement.
So either believe it or believe about Captain Harris
and that plane, I don't know.
That's just what it says.
Says US forces have captured Abu Massab Al-Zakawi,
one of the evil doers, wouldn't that be great?
Yeah, I'll be fine, though.
And everything will be just fine, right?
Oh, we're fine.
PR Ralph, your Puerto Rican friend says, happy new year.
Yes, I've eaten it two days daily.
It's very good.
Find a place to eat also great egg creams
and do get the puppy.
Well, the first part is ripe,
not getting no puppy.
They're cute to look at in the window,
but other than that, I don't want my carpeting
all soiled up again.
So Josh certainly will not be invited to my house.
Also, it says, how many freaking times do we have
to your junior say I'll talk about shaving his nuts
for speed, other gays stuff.
We've heard the promo seven times before lunch already.
So what if NFL players shave their body parts?
Who spot is that?
I don't know, is it a commercial spot?
We don't want to knock it.
It's a commercial, it's a fine sponsor.
Oh, it's one of our fine sponsors.
So PR Ralph, we usually use the like you,
but in this particular case,
you screwed up bad PR Ralph.
Not bad enough to scroll, got smashed on,
but you're like stepping on our toes
here with our sponsors, okay?
We love them in junior say I'll even know he had planned
these days, but they were less.
In fact, neither was anybody else on that team these days.
No mole, right?
Not till next season.
So who's it off and quarterback gonna be next season, Josh?
You know, take your pick.
They'll probably roll the dice.
What does that mean?
In other words, you're gonna go with one of these three
lung heads or four lung heads.
I forgot, who's the other kid that played
a little bit behind Rosenberg of steam?
Oh, I don't know.
What?
I have no idea.
I can't believe this is happening to me.
Anyway, it certainly ain't gonna be Jay,
Jay Fiddler in the roof.
He's history.
He's got a pinch neck and he still busy pinching it.
And then of course, you got definitely no chance
for AJ Touchy Feedy.
No way, man, that kid is so he is so bizarre, lost.
Josh, aren't you a little bit sick and tired of seeing him
like, winsing in the mownin, riding and pain?
At least once again, it's obligatory with him.
Every game with the limp.
Yeah, he's the win for the limp.
And the surge of Rosenstein, Bergfeld,
more than one Jew quarterback on the team
is not a good sign, I don't think, you know?
If you want a good luck thing, just hang on
a Zuzer on the locker room door
and just get a real quarterback.
That's my suggestion to the organization,
to my good friend Wayne.
Now, I guess I better take through calls, okay?
Cause I'm getting into this beginning of the year.
It's not a good idea, right?
Right, just take it really easy.
Although I do have this evangelical leader
that threatens to use his political muscle
against some Democrats, James Dobson,
who might despise almost as much as Phil Simms.
Somebody cue way him, hello?
Yes, is he who I am?
Yes, sir?
You got mine myself, fellas.
You give me two quick, or I want to talk about hockey.
I know, but yeah.
You want to talk about hockey?
Well, I don't think we take cell phone calls this are.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Is that ridiculous or what?
Could I get him through a quick,
or he wants to talk about hockey?
There is no hockey, okay?
Sorry, sorry, Yaldi.
No hockey, no say, no say per misiake, okay?
I was gonna put a lease lunch on here,
but they got a spot for pizza pizza.
Pizza, proudly sitting there.
Oh, don't eat there.
Oh, man, fuck, talk about green apple, quick step.
Here's the fact that says, welcome back,
George did a fine job in your absence.
I have no doubt.
Send along the right Reverend Reggie,
your wife's top 10 list of hating intolerance,
happy holidays, mark your bud from Hellendale Beach.
Says page one of three, where's the other pages?
Well, the number two is going.
That's all I got.
And I don't know if you can read it.
So tell me if you can, or I won't send page one.
Well, what is it?
It's like a list, but it's real small print.
So I said it.
Oh, I can't, how could anybody read this?
First of all, it's about a millionth of an inch
to a high in the letters.
And then when you put it through the facts machine
and it gets a little bit darker,
which is as America mourns and energizes something,
you can see the highlights though.
Why?
Like gaze or liars and cheaters,
Hispanics are...
This is Reggie White stuff, huh?
Hispanic or Camry?
I can't read it.
Anyway, Mark can't read it.
Okay, my eyesight's still good,
but you're printing your pants was bad.
Plus, he's been dead now for several days
and he ain't even no more scambles soup, Reggie White.
Bigoted, piece of turd, another one of those athletes
opening up a big mouth, okay?
And IQ is smaller than his little finger, and he's dead.
God punished him, man.
He punished him just like those homophobics
relancons, same thing.
Oh, sorry.
Now, let's take a few good calls.
5-6-7-0-5-60, Tom 5-60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Do not go to Sri Lanka, okay, no matter what they call it.
What are they?
They probably...
Don't go there, I'm telling you.
They'll play it.
All those other poor bastards who happen to be in the way that.
See, God was aiming right at that little round thing
in the Indian Ocean, and he's got that aim at times, okay?
So he just like sends off this big speed, unleashes it,
and then he can't control what happens after that,
because he's too busy on the Sundays,
especially answering the prayers of those football players
who are all busy running around,
pointing up to the sky.
That's my favorite next to Phil Simms,
is a bunch of dumb jogs,
pointing up to the sky after they make a play, you know,
or even after they make a bad play.
Well, what is that all about?
God makes a bad play, a bonehead play,
and then he comes back to the bench
and you're like, they're fisting, you know,
to see if it is a gay person.
They're fisting.
They're fisting on a sideline, no less.
And they got upset about Janet Jackson.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, God, happy new year.
Yes, sir, and the same to you.
Real quick, two for the bowl, if I could.
Okay.
A ball mark.
I cannot stand on my way.
Excellent choice, magnificent.
They're the anti-Christ.
I cannot stand on, especially how they treat people.
Forget it.
I give you my resources,
and every time I read those articles on your website,
it just blows my blood as she's doing.
I think if we really had a God,
Phil Simms would be forced to work at Walmart.
Three of the dreams.
Oh, and secondly, another person my wife loves
and I can't stand.
Adam Sandler.
Wow. Good choice.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Exactly our field.
All right.
Excellent choice, man.
Have a great year.
Five.
1242 at Q.A.M.
I'm going to get Ricky of roll.
Coming up tonight, an insider behind the true Hollywood
celebrity music background, you profile story.
All he wanted to do was, well, you remember.
Hey, what's God Runner?
I don't know what it works.
I don't know, man.
I don't know, man.
I don't know, man.
We keep Mr. Runner in this room here.
Dr. Eugene Millier, the supervisor of the San
Patrick Way.
Hello, Mr. Runner and Howard today.
This Todd want to work?
This Todd want to play?
No.
So what does Todd want to do?
He wants to play?
I want to drama or day.
Isn't that nice?
Well, all right, then, we should run.
Goodbye.
Hi.
Sick bastard.
Ty Runner.
If your career had been reduced to a song that could
split on some radio station somewhere every day, I'm
Friday to kick off the weekend.
You'd be whacking it in a rubber room too.
It's a big juicy, something like a show business.
Tonight, I'm inside the box.
So here, we can hear that song.
I think a Rick Rally, you know?
Not Rick and Todd's because we love songs, but I think a
Rick Rally, who we used to like a little bit, I have no idea why.
He was funny in his way in his time.
He was funny.
Sure.
He had the ability.
When was that?
When I wasn't talking about the stock market.
Yeah, we're auto racing.
I must have missed that, Joe Rick.
We'll pop.
We'll pop.
Every time I hear that song, I think a Rick Rally.
Well, not that Alex Bennett dialogue that went on.
So he had a funny comment.
That was kind of amusing, although that was.
That wasn't for that was for real, you know?
Right.
Now I said, if I had the ability to do, I take you right here right now.
Kick it empty.
Then very well done by me, don't you see?
I sharpened up my finger for the new year because I had a long talk with my
friend Joyce and I said, have no fear.
The finger is here.
I can't tell you where I stuck it.
You know, Joyce?
Correct.
Oh, yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines.
Let's get a million more calls in between on two.
We've kicked off the new year with fantastic calls.
What person thing business or place can you at least understand the
popularity of that would have been a better way to put it.
But what difference is it made?
What do we want grammar spelling?
This is not a show for intellectuals.
It's a show for like morons like us, right?
Right.
Edder call.
Speaking of morons, look who's leading the poll.
George W. Bush 100.
Boy, what a wasteful Sims.
I can't put it in the words.
Reality TV 69, Dr. Phil 41, Dave Barry 29, NASCAR 23, Oprah 16, NBA 12.
McDonald's it doesn't.
In fact, the worst thing I can imagine is like watching NBA game eating for McDonald's.
Oh, even the HD.
Michael Jackson hates.
Yeah, I don't agree with that.
See that they're confusing.
Right.
They get this confused with the poll.
Who do you hate the most which we do that about three times a week.
But with, I mean, he makes him.
Right.
Undead.
I have a great music.
Even the even faculty were Lord Little Cunks, right?
Like that crack.
Anyway, they just don't get it.
Michael Jackson got eight.
I mean, J. Lennon, eight Neil Simon's six.
That was your choice.
A week.
Paris five.
We're not talking about Paris Hilton.
Although that would be good.
Paris Hilton.
Okay.
Right?
Just because he's a rich bitch.
He's skanky and nasty.
So she made a porn video.
Who cares?
Who gives a crap?
Ron Jeremy made thousands of porn videos.
And do we give a crap about him?
No.
Fat Harry grotesque.
Your grotesque Ron.
You're disgusting.
Even if you are double-jointed sports talk three pro wrestling three.
Oh, Lord, it is.
You know, when you stop and think about it, how can somebody that fat be double-jointed?
Really?
You know, he wasn't fat when he was able to do that trick.
Yeah, he was not not fat like he is now.
I mean, he propped up like a balloon or somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass.
Paris five.
And that's the city.
Not Paris, but we'll put him on there.
Put her in there right away.
Won't we, Josh?
Oh, she's on there already.
Sports talk three pro wrestling three.
Cut your music three.
How come country music ain't doing better?
It's way we have a lot of people out there love their country music.
They like that slim Whitman, you know, Tammy Waynet.
Who's some of the other ones?
Oh, geez.
How much time you got?
Moral, Marley.
Marley Robbie's.
Marley Robbie's.
Marley Robbie.
I like the white sport coat and the pink carnation just because he was Canadian.
How about you and Reeves?
Who?
He's dead.
David Letterman three.
Quentin Tarantino's got a pair and they're both covered with mayonnaise.
Rascal House one and non-yet for Adam Sandler, Wal-Martyrs, South Carolina.
Better get with it.
349 votes.
I'm not too impressed by that.
It's going to take us a couple of days to get out of this holiday funk.
Don't you think so?
Smells funky.
Yeah, no, no seriously.
It's going to take us a couple of days, which is why we still have to slap over
at the beginning of the show from Friday.
It must have been like instant replay time.
Yeah, that would be cool.
I'm Hello.
Nelson.
I'm out of here.
What can I do for you, sir?
Sarah, you were talking about Phil Sims.
Yes.
What aggravates you about him?
Well, what does that mean?
What did he never shuts up and he's got a annoying twang, okay?
No, I'm not.
You know, I feel how to hear you, Jackass.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how are you?
Okay.
How's the J-Hole is going on there?
J-L-O.
Happy New Year.
Good, good, good.
Yes, man.
Big ass.
A lot of guys like big ass.
A lot of them Cuban guys like big ass.
Okay, we'll put her on her and just make you happy, right?
Right.
So we understand that.
It's quite a very big ass.
Right.
WQAM, hello.
From Friday.
QAM.
I'm not sure that I'm having a replay time.
WQAM, hello.
NIO, a name for the list.
Yes, Limbaugh.
What's that I said I know you have to say right, man.
You're way off here.
You gotta go and learn to speak English.
What you're pleased.
What you're pleased.
Come on, do it right, man.
What's wrong with you?
If you've got to pick out a rush, if you're going to do rush, where the hell is it?
Where's that drop in?
I heard it.
Even I'm not doing it right.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Thank you.
That's how you do it.
Practice makes perfect, baby.
And that thing about Brian Williams at NBC.
I will never watch NBC News ever again.
Ever calls in on a rushed Limbaugh show and he's proud of the fact that he's one of
Russia's inner circle, a right wing Jack Astus.
I almost said the A word.
Careful.
Yeah.
That's Canadian thing.
Can you believe that?
This is the guy that we're face Tom Brokaw. That's not the anchor of NBC News needs shouting out a big mouth about being on with rush
Thank God for Dan rather that's what I say thank the Lord for Danny boy even though we only got another two three months before they ship his ass off
See that's what happened boys and girls when you cross this bunch this administration all of a sudden you're out of work your S.O.L.
man
WQAM hello
Me at all. Yes sir.
How you doing darling?
Okay
Listen it's not safe to go outside this helicopter's everywhere out here. Yeah
You're from Jackson for 112 it's terrible out here
Wow I'm sure you're upset that I can't be there with you pali. I'm sure really upset that I made that that
Snap judgment to get the hell out of there while they're getting we're still good. What a place
The void of anything the void of life. It's just an outdoor funeral part of I said that almost 30 years ago for Christ say
No funeral part of people a place for people waiting to die and
Anybody under the age of a hundred believe you me they'll go out of the way to make sure you don't have a good time
They'll do whatever it takes to make sure they can ruin your day your week your month your your your life
WQAM hello. Hey, no how about Jessica Simpson is she on your list? You ought to be all right
I know she's on Georgia's list. I want your website and she was in the studio with him. I didn't we know that you know she was
I was a hundred years ago. Yeah, I was glad he said she still look pretty good
Excellent good show. Okay. Thanks. I know I see you put around here, but I mean I understand her popularity
She's a hot blonde. She looks very good. She's not no Brittany. She ain't no who else is real hot right now
You know you know how he bury right? She's got big boobs. She's got big boobs. She's a blonde
She's on TV all the time. She's got video. She's there with the Nick the stud. You know she's a
I can understand that but we'll put it on her to make you happy when the question is not who we've done that before who has the least talent
The question is who can you least understand why they are popular like Oprah for example
I mean if she did a good show if she was really entertaining if she was amusing if she
Imagine I don't get it. There's nothing there and she's worth a billion freaking dollars. Okay?
I could be entertained by her show if she sent me a couple million and small bills
But might give it a shot honey
I'm gonna put up with you for about a half an hour with your crap with those past-delved backgrounds for all those
Shudden housewives goes to show you there must be a lot of mall around the country man not just trailer trash
Shudders
God
WQA him hello
Hey, yeah, sir. How about Richard Simmons? Yeah, that's a good one when you saw that's bag it Richard Simmons right there
Yeah, go
Yeah, you say faggot. That's what I thought he said. Yeah, I wonder what look where I think so for sure
Simmons that damn fact that I can't stand it
That's always good man that one head trap is always good now isn't it interesting how she she was saying that before
Right and all of a sudden when the latest charges came in they must the rest of the family must be running low on cash
You know because now they're all on Michael's bandwagon now they've all come to his aid to his side the same people that we're talking about
Oh, yeah, he was doing little boys and he was doing this and doing it and he's a pervert and
Settler and so on and now all of a sudden that the cash column is in great jeopardy and especially says how many that last album
He made how many copies of itself?
So times again a little bit how tense and tough for them which is only of course to show you maybe there is a god
After all five six seven oh just like Reggie White how old is he like 43 Josh 40 43 43 and he's dead
And you want to know why because God don't like bigoted
Jocks just keep that in mind okay Jim Bunning just keep that in mind
I think you could be next to him but you might not wake up tomorrow morning, okay?
You jackass up there in Kentucky with a banjo on your ass you idiot
Why is it that Steve Lardin? There's another one for again Christian
Why isn't that all of these athletes who go into politics with very few exceptions have to be right wing
Born again bigoted homophobic hate-mongering anti-Semite miserable bastards
What is that all about is it is like written in the NFL code is him especially football
But also baseball is it written down somewhere? I think it is I guess that's why mad dog a lot of pretend he voted for Bush
I
Don't believe it mad dog, but you go ahead and you do whatever you want all right your demand
He'll be on it too by the way after an extended
Can't believe he's working like four solid days. Did they ever bring in a schedule for Friday?
No, I'll have to go copy it. You know, Clarence. It's nice to have you back and all of that
I guess we ought to say that enough that we notice much of any difference
But it's nice to have you back from your extended vacation
But it would be nice if we're going to get a schedule. Let's have it for the whole week
I know we're penciling a lot of crap in here these days like for the last two and a half years since our leader lost his way
They must have been hanging out with that broad that was sitting with the curds in way you know it a little
Buffett. Yeah, he must have been hanging out with that bitch because he lost I don't know about the curds
But he sure as I lost his way
1257 at 560 in addition to which if Greg is in ability have you seen him as he been around? No
Yeah, and Joyce wanted me to mention that to you too by the way Greg and Carolyn
Beasley, so I have to care for either
1257 three minutes to one at 560 W
Ju. A. M. when you shop for quality footwear here's a great story. You're gonna love absolutely
Fallen love would because it's such a pleasant place to shop brandy shoes
In Poverty Beach see I'm fighting this thing might have George arrested this week. I'm telling him
I'm just warning you ahead of time. I'm just standing off this I live very luckily knock on what I haven't had like the cold
The flu had a couple of the scratchy throw things with his change of climate another good reason to stay out of Florida
Anyway, Brandy's are find the biggest selection anywhere in South Florida of great men's and women's name brand shoes
The best in service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time and the most unbeatable prices in town period at Brandy's the top quality names in the shoe business rock port
Floreshym S. A. S. very timberland naturalizer and lots more and with Brandy's gigantic selection
You can just about bed Greg reads life on it that whatever size you like and whatever style
It's sitting on the shelf ready to slap on your fat feet Brandy's is open every day of the week Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9
Sunday's 10 to 5 and you'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and Palm Pino Beach
It's always worth a trip from anywhere in South Florida and right now this week
It's a great time to buy essay issues at Brandy's get some great savings on selected men's and women's styles and of course
The usual savings on everything in the store at Brandy's in Pompano Beach
So be sure and come in this week or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com
It's got the rail and when I'm up in Belkittika slap and all women with a tint lips around the pool
I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I mean I listen to the new Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours
Now the former president of the United States William Jefferson Clinton presents predictions for 2005
My fellow Americans I am somewhat of a swarmy like Chris Barrettman for me SPM and I have looked into my balls
Crystal that is here is what I see happening in the new year
Vic Cheney will win the gold medal at the heart attack Olympics for shot put
Monica Lewinsky will open a McDonald's gain 25 pounds and then quit to take a part in the movie Charlie and the chocolate factory
Where she will play a goose this the fat kid who gets stuck in the chocolate pipe
Serena Williams will have to give back all of her trophies after she admits she has more than two balls of her skirt at any given time
And former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani will never ever ever give anyone a job recommendation again
Happening here all right one oh two at five sixteen. He's looking a little bit haggard
Baba I saw him this morning was on there with bushes of one and two bush 41 bush 42
Now that they're sending bush one and Clinton over there to like spearhead this whole relief aid thing. He looked a little
Haggard you didn't think I didn't see it. No, you didn't see him. No, it's probably just as well
TV news avoid graphic tsunami images editors at the New York Times and LA Times showed similar judgment one day last week
I'm running large front page pictures of tsunami victims faces of dead babies and makeshift morgues were clearly visible
They were the type of images you were hard pressed to see during hours of TV coverage
In a cataclysm notable for its staggering loss of life
US television news was reluctant to convey the fact graphically
See on TV nobody ever really dies. It's only make believe you know like I'm a twitty would say like those soldiers knows
Cascots that we don't want to see it's only like just for pretend it's like on canon
You know nobody ever really gets shot
The early days of coverage were dominated by a video much of it taken by amateurs depicting the awesome spectacle of on-rushing water
When professional TV crews arrived the cameras focused mostly on the physical destruction building splendid cars and boats flung along city streets
When bodies were seen they were mostly from a distance and usually covered up from televisions
Perspective they didn't have a face what you want to do is show the horrific nature of what happened
But do it in a way that you don't cause disgust among the viewers especially during the dinner hour
Said chuck rustic who coordinated ABC's news coverage on world news tonight another broadcast especially during the dinner hour
We don't want to be showing that you know wait
We've got still keys in the radar on channel seven during the dinner hour if that isn't the most disgusting thing
Every shot in your life, but we don't want to discuss the viewers right with such a decision
Journalist walk a fine line between showing sensitivity and giving short trip to the enormous human cross-discoke of the event
And and and nested as the emotion said Michelle McNally director photography at the New York Times
McNally was torn between two pictures
You wanted to offer the front page last Tuesday both were from the same hospital in India one showed more bodies
But faces were not visible the other showed fewer bodies
But the children's features were evident and the mother was touching her held an agony her head and agony for her loss
McNally knew from the gasp of other editors the second picture told a more dramatic story and it goes on and on about this one said this
TV just shows you that's why that whole concept that was a good choice that guy called it about reality TV
It's kaka man kaka reality TV my fat ass
There's nothing you see on TV. That's real nothing zero zippity do dogs have maybe a spot for the
ionizer the quad the quadro what is that the ionic breeze that's it
Yeah, I got it. Okay. I got it. It's percolating right in the other room man
ah
And boy when you clean that thing off for every 10 days or two weeks
Wow when you wipe that baby off and the ionizer too and you realize all the schmutz and the crap from the air it really works
I know that you're real skeptic, but it's pretty good stuff and it does emit a little tiny a smell of ozone
A little just a little teeny tiny now you're gonna die up there now get out of here. You're crazy person
Yeah, I am gonna die. You're right. It's going around. Look at what happened to read you white
Let's just hope that Phil sims is next that jackass that gives me a good
Oh, what do you know what I'm about him? Did I make it clear? He makes me want a scream? Okay?
He just never shuts up. Bapapapa and he adds absolutely nothing
He just feels compelled. He's got to be getting paid by the word got to be getting paid by the by the by the letter by the syllable
5670560 pound five sixty on a Verizon singular wireless line
Of course a lot of these people out there and especially listeners on this station
They think they know something about sports. They especially think they don't football. They wouldn't know a football if somebody shoved one up
Their ass. That's that's the nature of sports fans and stuff. Well, that's why it's so hard to be a south Florida sport a real fan of
The teams because they the it's not the team so much although the organization's generally suck
But the fans man wow like when I went to that first Marlon game and again these people listening to the conversation in the stands
They don't even know the elementary the most rudimentary rules of baseball
We're not talking about squash. We're not talking about cricket
We're not even talking about a hockey which is 400 people in south Florida who are from all those banana boat countries
We're talking about football man football give me the ball give me the ball football. All right baseball. Whatever we're talking about
What was it baseball?
See you let me get to work stuff on the first day of the year. It's your fault
Oh, it's just this is me off that there's so many people ignorant about what sir
If you went out to the day to day land right now and you had a math of the world and you saw okay
Please you took the first hundred people said show me where Sri Lanka is please cracker please
Here's line nine my cute way and hello. Hey Neil
Yes, sir, it's gotta be it's gotta be the dog of children on her trump that's it
Okay, all right. Yeah, I won't put him on there, but I mean he's got a lot of money people people in America like people with a lot of money
They're impressed easily without bad here. He's got a personality like a dead man, but he's got a lot of money, right? Right?
His casinos are doing really well
Not hey, he's a good one and of course now because he's on television. He's all over the place another another so-called reality show
It's real. That's very real. You're fired in you're fired in it
Right, Mo?
W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello, Neil what's going on? Yes, sir. I'd have to say fake boobs man. It's getting disturbing. Yeah
I don't know. It's not even attractive anymore. Yeah, but even pan Anderson now
Yeah, too big. Okay, thanks. Yeah fake boobs
All of some people look pretty good with fake boobs. That's right
But when they're real obvious fake boobs that are just so red like cow like you know depends on the job
The job that you did the surgeon, you know how crazy
I know what you're saying. I wasn't quite sure what kind of job you were talking about look at a pretty good job on TV right now
Dominic you a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil that guy that
Would that you about Bill Sims sounded like a New York fan to me. Yeah
Yes, that's what Bill Sims sucked as a quarterback and he sucks even worse as a color commentator. Okay, he blows
Yeah, he needs to go to Sri Lanka and Bill Sims needs to go with him. Okay, thanks. We're vomitting it
567-0560 Tom 560 and a Verizon and senior wireless lines
W.A.M. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir
I'm calling you from Toronto listening on the internet up here. Well, I'll be damn. How's it going a?
That's going a yeah
I've got a couple of quick questions for you
When you go to commercial why does the internet be go dead? Well, that's a long story
It's just been we have to do that because there's been a there's been a strike that's been going on for about five years
The the actors and Hollywood on California that do the commercials
So just to make sure we don't get any of their voices on some of these commercials. We can't carry the commercial breaks
Online and hey with no hockey in that. What made you decide to venture north again this year? Hey, listen
If you were in South Florida for a week you'd understand
Always got woodbind to go and punch my brains out man
That's true. Now listen if you're looking for a decent pizza on a chain basis up here
You should try pizza Nova
Well, now yeah, well, I'll have to check and see where they are because pizza pizza lies you knows on every street corner
Oh, yeah, that's stuff for Germany. That stuff is bad and they did with so it sits out there for like hours and hours
It's almost like being an Amsterdam where the stuff is sitting there getting bushelized for like months
Anyways, good to hear you take it easy a happy new year you too see around
There's a good Toronto man
Listen somewhere probably right outside the window here spying five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
I'm a rising singular right this line. How's that pool come I bet your bushes women without even looking right?
I've been taken a peek what person thing business or place can you least understand the popularity of
George W. Bush 124 if you want to understand his popularity
Let me give you a little hint. Okay, just go
Like that, okay, just
For like about 30 seconds and then you'll understand or even better yet take a look at the map of US, eh?
Take a look at those red states take a look at all that Miyahu states and when you look at the
Election results you can do that online you see the red and the blue states divided up
And you see the massive amount of these red neck states then you'll understand why
It's so popular
Like subtract don't ever forget that okay speaking of the
Ionic breeze between your knees like subtract
So dumb people don't want no a Yale scholar there who actually got a real diploma they want some
Draft dodge in moron who never worked on on his name his life who failed at every venture we ever tried even though they stuck a
Silver spoon up his ass
George W. Bush 124 reality TV 80
Dr. Phil 53 this audience despises Dr. Phil and rightfully so
Nice car 32 Dave Barry's got
Man Oprah 21 McDonald's 14. I think this crowd likes McDonald's although maybe again it said same thing
We may not like it all that much but we understand why it's popular because it's fast
It's cheap and it's consistent predictable right the fries are good
You don't like fries. No, I do not in addition to which they will kill you the other world
But if you like fries, there's the best if I want to eat something that's going to kill me
I'll go to the supermarket. I'll go to dominion and I'll get me a half gallon of Nestle's Turtle ice cream right now
In fact a new Nestle's turtle which I didn't buy any but I saw it in the market the other day
It's got like little pieces of turtle in it now which they never had before. Oh, that sounds good for lunch half a gallon
And if you don't
If you don't think I could eat a half a gallon
Oh, I'm not gonna dare you I've done it. I've done it not recently. That's why I'm still alive
NBA 13 Michael Jackson and J. Lennon on I to P same person only the chin has been changed and the nose pro wrestling six
Parasix has paris of France needle Simon six sports talk five oh, yeah
Cut to music five parisilton four Quentin terrentino four with without the mail David Letterman four Adam Sandler three just obnoxious
Oh god, how far barker just punches his lights out
Speaking about barker. He just turned 96 or something like that. He's the most strong man. Yeah, they love Bob the old barker
Walmart three fake boobs one Donald Trump one Jessica Simpson one. She's got real ones, don't you?
Yeah, they are real actually look at I hope you got nice squeezed
Russia in ball one J. L. O. One
Rascal house one Richard Simmons and South Carolina. He's have the big uh, oh, yeah
I wouldn't be surprised if jane always got a fake ass
Celebrity survivor watches these celebrities are given the toughest tasks of their lives Michael Jackson's challenge
I'm higher at the little league world series
You're definitely two balls on that batter
Scott Peterson must move into the neighborhood of Jesperin house wise
He sees and baby you want to go on a fishing trip sure Scotty if anything is cleaning this guy
Oh and Clay Aiken sings the national anthem at a NASCAR race
The new reality show everyone will be talking about
Celebrity survivor
Seabed
So what do you think is Clay Aiken or not?
All the place faken speaking of reality shows what a loser
One sixteen and five sixty I'm starting to get that scratch bag not a good center or when all the probably tears to your front either
U. S. said to mall lifetime terror suspect detentions. This is so typical of the kind of fascism that we have in Washington DC right now
The Bush administration is preparing plans for possible lifetime detention of suspected terrorists right
Including hundreds from the government does not have enough evidence to charge in courts the Washington Post reported yesterday
In other words if we suspect that you were a terrorist we'll just throw you in there and unlock the door and throw away the key
Sighting intelligence defense and diplomatic officials the newspaper said the Pentagon and the CIA had asked for the White House to decide on a more permanent approach for those
We would not set free or turn over to courts at home were abroad as part of the solution to defense department which holds
500 prisoners at Gitmo
plans to ask the Congress for 25 million bucks to build a 200 bed prison to hold detainees who are unlikely to ever go through military tribunal
For lack of evidence to pens officials told the newspaper the new prison of camp six would allow inmates more comfort and freedom than they have now
Would be designed for prisoners the government believes have no more intelligence to share the post said it will be modeled on the US prison
And would allow socializing among inmates the paper said and that pleasant oh
We're all hurt since global war on terror is a long-term effort to make sense for us to be looking at solutions for long-term problems
Brian Whitman Pentagon spoken was quoted as saying this has been evolutionary
But right upon in time where we have to say how do you deal with them in long-term them the suspected terrorists guys?
We don't like the way they look we don't like their last name the post of the outcome of a review underway
Would also affect those expected to be captured in the course of future counter-terrorism operations one proposal would be the transfer large numbers of Afghans
Saudi and Yemeni detainees from the US military's Gitmo Cuba detention center into the new US the US bill prisons in their home countries
It's a kind of like Abu Gharr rape like that the prisons would be operated by those countries
But but the State Department where this idea originated would ask them to abide by recognize human rights standards Abu Gharr raped and would moderate a compliance
All right
We want them to be just as civilized as we've been that be good right speaking of uncivilized speaking of unacceptable
James C. Dobson the nation's most influential evangelical leader. I think he's the anti-Christ. I'm convinced of it
I'm positive I bet you grays life on it and I'll throw a Maddie Bell too and fat boy. How's that three for three for the price and not a bargain
James C. Dobson is threatening to put six potentially vulnerable Democratic senators in the bulls-eye
If they block conservative opponents to the supreme court
In a letter his ages say is being sent to more than a million of his supporters
Dr. Dobson the child psychologist and founder of the evangelical organization focus on the family
That's focus focus phony focus on the family promises a battle of enormous proportions from seed is shining sea
If President push fails to appoint strict constructionist jurists or if Democrats fill a bus to block conservative nominees
Dr. Dobson recall the conservative efforts that helped the November defeat of Senator Tom Bashal South Dakota
The Senate minority leader who led Democrats in using the filibuster to block ten of mr. Bush's right wing judicial appointees
Nazis led his colleagues beware Dr. Dobson warned especially those representing the red states
Many of them will be in the bulls-eye next time they seek reelection see a good religion. She's always making threats
Right sure you either do it my way. It's my way to highway or the die way he has this
He's single out Ben Nelson of the brash get marked Dayton of Minnesota
Robert bird of West Virginia who just turned 125 can't conrade of North Dakota Jeff Binghamton of New Mexico and Bill Nelson of Florida
Bill Nelson. Oh my god. All six upper reelection in 2006
James Manley H. spokesman for Senator Harry Reid of Nevada
The new Democratic leader in a very close personal friend of the Bush family by the way a real sellout
Said Democrats had allowed 2004 judicial appointments to move forward and mr. Bush's first term
James Dobson needs to take a moment to focus on the facts mr. Manley said he called Dr. Dobson a front for the White House
Ralph knees
President the liberal group people for the American way which is often opposed conservative core nominees said mr
Dobson's arrogance knows no limits yet. This is the kind of tactic that ultimately backfires
These senators have served their constituents well and have courageously voted their conscience
I don't think they'll take kindly the threats from mr. Dobson. I don't think the voters will either too many farbic
And goy-am baby. That's the problem in America man. It's getting out of control too many out of control goy-am
Dr. Dobson's activities represent a new level of direct partisan engagement on his part unlike other conservative Christian leaders
Dr. Dobson owes his grassroots following primarily to his partly clinical partly biblical advice on matters like marriage and child rearing
Oh, yeah child rearing that's big in the church before supporting mr. Bush had never endorsed the presidential candidate
In the aftermath of the election
Some of Dr. Dobson's allies are warning their fellow evangelicals not to be seduced by political deal-making
In an open letter to Christian church last month Charles W. Colson the board again Nixon aid and another
influential Christian conservative and
Waco warned against listing demands of the president other elected officials to think that
Way de means the Christian movement mr. Colson wrote with his associate mark early. We're not a body special interest group
The jailbird said
And it goes on about Dr. Dobson said this and Dr. Dobson said that and you know what?
Swirl you Dr. Dobson
The hell with you
Castle hoist
Etc. Right translate for him right? Oh, well, what a joke and that this is what America's turned to while all right
While the rest of America is sleeping man while they're asleep at the swish
That's the problem while they're busy watching Phil sims talking
50,000 words emitted on NFL telecast the Rome is burning and by the way
Tacitus was full of crap neuro did not burn the city. I watched that again. It was pretty interesting
Cool. Yeah, what's in HD, you know
Right
No system when you got an HD said anything that comes on even if you've seen it before you watch it again because it's just a
Breath-taking like like that Rose Bowl game man. That was a great game. Too bad George didn't see it
Yeah, I bet your mad dog ain't gonna be too excited about that
Not only did he have his dolphin foreign prophecies and but then in a thrilling unbelievable game right there
On HD right in front of my eyes Texas on the last second field goal beats the Wolverines beats Michigan
Which I was and I think that's the first time in my life ever rooted for Texas to beat anybody
When you agree, John why would you refer Texas because I hate Michigan. I went to Michigan state
Yeah for a couple of minutes. Yeah. I'm like a Spartan out of Wolverine. All right. I know we had the good weed at the and
East Lansing word of the hell was so actually they have better weed and and arbor that's the rumor mad dog will talk about
56705 60 Tom 560 on a Verizon singular wireless lines this line nine's been pretty active today. What's that all about?
Get it. Go to Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Not there. What a shame. I was gonna be a really good call too. I could smell it
W.A.M. Hello. Happy New Year Uncle Neil. A lady
Oh my god. Really? But on a whole day yet. We got a lady. It's me. It's me
Um, it's you. It's me. Um the one thing that I find totally baffling that and what is that?
It's still popular in modern times is organized religion. I
I don't know. You know something that that's the best
choice of the whole day. I don't get it. I have never gotten it. I never will get it and a lot of people I guess
will never get it either. It's funny. Spend you as best I can. Most people are weak and they can't think for themselves
So they want other people to tell them to answer all the questions for which there are no answers
So it's very because most people are lemons and sheep. They always look for some goofball to follow and somebody comes up
with some line of crap and oh yeah, that's a good idea. Okay, whatever. I'll I'll join your club
I know, but you know it seems like a lot of europe has gotten you know gotten smart and wise. I understand that
and Canada and Canada and that's what is very very minimal here. Right on the decline in those countries
And I just don't understand the grip that it has on this country. It it does baffle me and puzzling
So that's my vote and another thing um, if I may digress a second is I don't know if anyone mentioned it
Was watching the dolphin came yet to say I'm a dolphin. Oh my god
You know well, you know it was born and raised here and that's all I you know
I've got for you know for football and that's all I will ever have and I like to be loyal
I'm not a damn wagon jumper in my team. You know love them. We're leaving even if they suck. That's right
That's true even if they suck and there's always hope for the future anyway
I was watching on TV and the broadcast team, you know
It's probably the ninth string or whatever you know bottom of the barrel and I didn't like them
So I decided to turn on the endage and I'm listening and the play by play from the radio was at least and I'm not kidding
20 seconds behind the action
They were literally lining up for another play while the endage and um and how we're calling
Because we're calling the next play that's embarrassed it was I couldn't get I couldn't of course I couldn't
Yeah, so in other words that answers the question. I was asking a couple weeks ago. I asked Josh
Whether we I guess our delay is on all the time
So because of the paranoia between Ferrell and the Stern show now we're one about an 85 second delay all the time
It was an enormous blaming you know
It makes it unwatchable, you know
You know you said that you want a really smart deal to be doing that during the dolphin games
I thought that off because there are many people who want to hear the radio and especially like you said
There was a there were so many terrible announcing teams on so many games just it was annoying
Right, so you know wanting to do that
I was unable to so wonderful QAM get your act together for next season because they will actually like to
Well, I am just the question we've been there because they won't tell us you know
They've allowed it was a lot. I'm telling the honest to them sure someone else will bag me up on that one
Okay, thanks a lot to it. I have a good yeah. Bye. Bye. I
Forget which game which bowl game maybe Josh knows Brent Mausberger was doing which by the way Brent loves this show
And it's not personal brand. It's only business
But there was a play in that game to show you how bad so many of these telecasts were we're
I forget which game it was it wasn't the Rose Bowl. He wasn't doing that
But there was a past that was ruled complete and the replay showed very clearly the ball bounced off the ground
Into the hand of the receiver and and they were so busy talking about extraneous crap
They never even questioned it and then they showed a replay and they're still not looking at it
And they still had nothing to say about it. I mean there's some really crap
Telecasting there a lot of good games, but what are some really crappy telecasting going on by your networks?
Okay, including Fox that don't want to show us the down in the yards to go on and well
What was that all about yesterday? Huh?
Roper couldn't afford to grab pick up there on top of the screen you jackass man
27 at sea and Georgia course things. What is wrong with this man? Why is he care about such things people are dying by the thousands over there in an awful tsunami
All of you about that we got a Nazis in the White House
People being put away in prison for the rest of their lives without even being convicted of anything and this idiot this fat ass
Bagot is worried about some stupid ass ball games on there see I've been working on the station too long
The that isn't it. I was I was a big listen
I've been watching football before you were born mr. Okay, I have no dude you were the radio before I was bored died in a wool Cleveland Browns fan all my life
Jim Brown Bobby Mitchell milk plum how come we never had a real quarterback after out of grandma bill Nelson not the senator by the way
Frank Ryan Josh knows all these names any no
No, well, you know Jimmy Brown. I do there you go. There's one good wife beaten acting guy
28 after one at five sixty WQM the Howard David's a bitch. Good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvey
Standby for news and elderly woman sitting on her front porch rocking away the last days of her long life
Suddenly saw very godmother appear before her
The godmother informed her she would be granting three wishes. Well now
Said the woman I guess I would like to be really rich and poof with a wave of the magic wand for rocking chair turn to solid gold
And gee said the woman I guess I wouldn't mind being a young beautiful princess
Poof again the magic wand world and the elderly woman turned into a beautiful
young lady
Your third wish said the very godmother well just and the old woman's cat wandered across the porch in front of her
Oh when you can change him into a handsome prince she said poof
There before her stood a young man more handsome than anyone could possibly imagine
The woman stared at him
Smith him with a smile that made her weasenake
He saw her to cross the porch and whispered in your ear that your sorry you had me neutered Paul Harvey
Good day 27 till two at five six that was actually kind of cute. What's kid? Yeah, not not no slap your knee and fall down the ground
The hysterical but it's cute. Yeah, that's all we can do anymore. We can't really be too funny
Because the FCC enjoys good very upside about that. But cutesy is okay. It can be like wait not
Like that. No, no more like like that, right? Yeah
Yeah, yeah exactly just a little tiny one of those
beverage maker snapples picking up a bad jokes has apologized for a joke about Staten Island on its website
But the companies me have culp it didn't stop a lawmaker from the aburo from holding his own nature version of the Boston T party this past Wednesday
I love snappled by the way, don't you? It's fine. You don't like it. I like it fine
But now when you say it's fine. That's I mean, I know you that's not a really very good endorsement
It's it's good. It's fine. Nothing wrong with it. If I hated it, I would say so
But nothing wrong with it does mean you like it. I don't see it that much anymore
Now we are crazy. It's all over the place here
The only problem is that the only year see I think that there ought to be a law since there's so many of us who are fat all over the world now
That whatever product they have in like regular with sugar. They also must carry it in diet. That's my big problem with it
What does that that is for me off man? You go in it like I was in my supermarket yesterday
Which is a big beautiful new store. I mean just makes public looks like a dump. It's just incredible
And and like the shelves are loaded with all this regular soda
I had to like really search to find any caffeine-free diet soda. What kind of coming as much a crap as that?
We're fat man. We don't want your azcar leave it to see that cruise with that azcar crap
Okay, we're drowning in a sea of insulin
Anyway, the tempest in the iced tea bottle was sparked by the real facts game on a company's website
Snappled.com which asked what is the most recognized smell in the world? The answer no, it's not statin island
It's coffee. That's cute. They could say no. It's not New Jersey. It's not Newark. See? Mm-hmm
There's Newark stinks Trenton stinks in fact Jersey basically stinks city councilman James Odo is at auto said when they the people who can't who don't live on
Steadily continue to find us by the fresh kills landfill despite the fact that Rudy Giuliani closed it and we moved on past that
The landfill was closed three years ago is like a monster. We can't kill auto said by telephone auto whatever his name is
The 3000 acre 20 story high fresh kills landfill held the city's garbage for 53 years handling more than two billion tons of trash before being closed in March 2001
And we opened briefly after the 9-11 terrorist attack as a sorting place for debris from the World Trade Center
Snappled beverage group which contracts with the city to provide drinks in public buildings pulled the joke from its website and said in the statement
It would never purposely offend the residents of this great city
It came off immediately as soon as we learned about it spokeswoman Lauren Radcliffe said auto city
It's spoken to snapples president Jack Velcedo who sounded like a really genuine guy
He said but isn't too anxious to come to stand island. I'm sure or Jersey
Auto said he had temperate is remarks after his conversation with Velcedo still he said
He and Diane Savino who was elected to the state senate in November had gone ahead with their own tea party
Each pouring a bottle of snapple into a catch basin outside auto's district office
Otto also said 16 cans of rival Arizona beverage company. I see it been delivered to his office on Wednesday
Well, that's quite a protest and that he poured out a
A bottle of snapple and he ordered it in 16 cans that probably put him right out of business. I would think
Now, what do you think Arizona iced tea or a snapple? Oh, snapple
Not so sure about that Arizona iced tea is making it pretty good. In fact, I got some pretty good diet stuff now too
Right. It's good. We get it right here. They're both good and they don't they're not carbonated
See that's one of the things that's killing us. That's why we have so much gas and I can't make those sounds anymore
Joysel really freak out, but that's why we have so much gas
We're farting all of the time because we're
Gaseous crap corn goss man. Gassata. I had to cut way back on my diet Pepsi. You were cutting it
Now bet you were well, I'm drinking my caffeine-free diet coke right now. I think it was the caffeine that was killing me
Oh, yeah, I only drink it all day long. I mean really bad for you
That's why you were always a sick and crawling one on the floor beside the bad drugs. Why was always going I think
That'll do it. In fact, that'll create the irritable up memory. We were telling me a couple weeks ago
We started without irritable bowel. I'm telling you right now, man
Grab a towel if you got that irritable bowel. God, when I was wearing a stick it
I don't re-evaluate to plug up his very pocket would say the old union gap
I mean coherent today. I don't know what it is. There's just been so much so much happened the last two weeks
Most of which I haven't even talked about because like I said so much you it is so unacceptable and so embarrassing
And then the people like the ones that called me like the setup like how it turns brother there or whoever the hell
I was on a week ago
Well, how come you sign with these people and well, you're right. It's not gonna be any different
And they're not gonna get any smarter and they're certainly not gonna treat people any better
But I'll take the money. I like my deal. I like to win everything I want and don't give me advice
Okay, the worst thing like when I'm at the casino. You don't really bugs me
There's somebody's guys. There's somebody's guys. Oh, I know what you're talking about happens to everybody
Yeah, they always giving advice. Oh, I cashed it out right now, you know
And of course, I don't pay any attention to them
But they're giving advice. They're touting and these are generally people that have lost every day
They've never had in their lives. Right. They're lost whether or not they're lost or
But they're the experts right because they're afraid that somebody else might actually get lucky
Hit something big right if they were winners. They'd be busy hauling their money out in the case
But they just stand around watching other people playing giving and touting given advice. There's nothing worse than a tout
Don't ever be a tout. Okay, trust me when I tell you. Oh, you little kids out there. Don't ever be a tout
You mean a tout throw them out. Oh, you better get away from that machine
Then of course the person walks away some other schmuck walks in puts in 20 or 40 bucks
And it's a thousand bucks on a wheel within 60 seconds, you know
Don't be a tout can't handle it
So you people out there that wanted to tell me oh, don't do this and you'll go to series and get talking about quality
Your agent blow it out your ass. Okay, not interested. I'm fumbling along in my own little inept way doing fairly well for an old fart
And I'm you know, I'm pleased the way it is. Oh, you want to be nation well who to do what?
What am I going to accomplish huh? Change for we only have these sensational colors we got what to change the world
Yeah, to change the world on a radio
Give me a break. Let me say it again
The worst people the most dangerous people are the ones who take themselves a little bit too seriously
We're gonna get first defeated. We're gonna do this
We're gonna change the medical profession. We're gonna change the illegal for fair right all the Mike Seagulls out there and not to mention
That one also you are listening to Neil Roger
Colleuxedly
This Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger
In 1611 the Bible was translated from the Latin into the King James Bible and now well over three centuries later
Books on tape presents the King James
Wow Bible
James recite the book of Genesis
The story of Moses and a burning book
And the Tower of Battle
There's the new testament to Lazarus raised from the dead
James sings from the book of Matthew
And of course the book of James
All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them the betrayal by juniors
Back
And of course the resurrection
No one knows more about judgment. They're my godfather of souls and so James also sings of the famous flame
But change James Brown Bible
Related my religion better than yours
I believe you what you require you avoid a lack of fire my religion better than yours
My religion better than yours
My religion better than yours
Why my religion and the gates of history and racial hate my religion better than yours
By the way, I don't see organized religion out of fold you see it there George
No, I have it look like Lido
I believe in better than yours
But we like about it best I find no hope in you where address my religion better than yours
It's all not as right
Why religion and the better than yours
Why religion and the better than yours
We have no respect for living in private land to make the living my religion better than yours
My religion better than short on religion
My religion better than yours
You'll be behind for us because we slaughter pigs and dogs and dogs
My religion better than yours
My religion better than yours
My religion better than yours
Yeah
We were kings and big girls and never ever paid a damn
My religion better than yours
Wait
My religion is better than yours
Religious
It's my religion is better than yours
We not endorse a bother
Do you like overgracious
UIDs my religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
We wear ties and white our bikes and gets you
Mary lots of wives my religion is better than yours
My religion better than yours
Religious
My religion better than yours
We don't want to use our brains for my wish
My things are great
My religion better than yours
My time on the end
Absolutely 145 and 560 WDQA
And 541 votes in a poll
What person think business or place can you least understand why it's popular
It's popularity of
4 etc
See I guess religion is better because that includes even disorganized religion
Oh that's how they're changing
Anyway George W. Bush 158
There's nobody close to the Bush Meister
I think religion is going to move up
Eventually
I hope
Reality TV 90
Dr. Phil 64
NASCAR 38
They vary 34
Hey bye bye Dave
They're all at the door hitting your little ass on the way out you geek
He is the definitive geek you know what
Yeah
Not sure if they're aware of that
There's Robert Greeper
I mean there's people like that
He's a nebitch
But on the way out the door
I heard Dave Barry said
I was a geek
Yeah
That's what I heard him say on the way out
Oprah 24
McDonald's 16
Up
The NBA 15
Paris Hilton 10
Michael Jackson 10
And Jalen O'Ten
Pearl Wrestling 8
See I'm grepso now big time from that soda
Now we talked about it
Let's say a guilt trip
Or maybe it was because I was talking about getting a half gallon of necessarily turtle ice cream
And those little pieces of turtle candy in it
Oh God
That sounds so good
When I go to the supermarket
Why do I need to get blinders
Right
Has the one to go shopping for you
Yeah that's a good idea
Jalen O'Ten
Pearl Wrestling 8
Paris 8
That's Paris France
Fake boob 7
Neil Simon 7
Crafting music 6
Oh come on
Crafting music
She'll have about 400
All them retardos
Made up there in Nashville
Walmart 5
Sports Talk 5
Religion's only got 4
Adam Sandler 4
Quentin Tarantino 4
David Letterman 4
J-03
Rascal Lows 3
Donald Trump's got a pair
Jessica Simpson Russell and ball one of peace
And Richie Simmons and South Carolina have got the big
Oh
Sorry about that John up there in South Carolina
You got the big
Big Zero
Okay
Too bad
Speaking of zeros
Fox
Cynthia Tucker writes now on Fox
Immoral values
As we all know by now
Fox Television is the home of traditional family values
Unimpeachable morality and conservative politics
We know that because we've been told off
And enough by Fox's on-camera personalities
Including accused sexual harassment
Villarreali
And Fox's viewers
Many of whom are moral values bush voters
Obviously agree
So perhaps there is some hidden emotional uplift
And morality about the new unscripted Fox show
Who's your daddy schedule to debut today
But for life on the I can't figure out what it could be
So Cynthia
The premier episode pits a woman who was adopted as an infant against eight men
Each of whom tries to convince her that he's the biological father he's never met
If she correctly picture biological father from among the imposter
She wins a hundred grand
If she guesses incorrect for the man who was able to deceive her gets a hundred grand
It's a new low on the exploitation of sensitive emotionally charged
Private matters for purrant viewing
But then Fox pioneered the fine out of matching the very human emotions
Greed, earth, frisal, liberty, and social desire to view
Public humiliation
With the most supercharge of human desires
The longing for romance for the desire for beauty
The need for familial acceptance
And so-called reality shows
Among other travesties, Fox the American culture, the appalling
Who wants to marry a multi-millionaire
A measma of greed and deception that made a mockery of marriage
Fox has also been shocked with the record setting federal government fine
$1.2 million for violating decency standards
On a show called Mary by America
Last season Fox introduced an unscripted show about wife-swapping
These shows like so many others of their ilk were lacked up by the red-stay voters
Who printed a spies such cultural degradation
Indeed, Rupert Murdoch's newscorp, which owns both Fox News and Fox Broadcasting Company
Has created a stable of morally repugnant program because viewers flocked to it
Murdoch and Alfred Conservative who contributes heavily to GOP causes
Worship's money above all
And during paradox of our times is that the very people who enjoy watching Trashy TV
He's so much a pervary among the machinery that gives it to them
Red-state America hates Hollywood
According with self-appointed leaders
After national lessons in which moral values supposedly trumped other concerns
Carl Rowe summed up the results
I think it's people who are concerned about the coarseness of our own culture
About what they see on their television sets and what they see in the movies
Yet red-staters can't get enough of that coarseness
Take this season's breakaway hit ABC's desperate housewives
One of the show's Todd Replaud lines involves a 30-something married woman
Who's having an affair with her 17-year-old gardener
During November sweeps to show a higher viewership in red-state markets
Such as Atlanta where the show is enormously popular
Than the blue-state markets of New York and Chicago
The Atlanta TV market comprises an overwhelmingly Republican stronghold of 54 counties
Stretching from Ups and Defanding Counties
None of the nationally known spokesmen for so-called family values
Men such as James Dobson and Focus on the Family
Or Ken Conner of the Family Research Council
Have called for a boycott of desperate housewives
Nor did they mount a protest against Fox's mercifully short-lived
Playing it straight in which your woman had to guess which men among her several dates were gay
And they haven't joined the outcry against two-year daddy
Which trivializes the complex emotions surrounding adoption
And by extension undermines adopted families apparently they see no evil
If yours in the heartland are offended by the coastal media elites
They have a funny way of showing it
By tuning into entertainment that celebrates a dovery
Disfunctional families and naive adoptees broadcasting their most private affairs
They're making sure that mobile sets his Murdoch laugh at them all the way to the bank
Well that's good
Temperature is what we've always said
Show me the money baby that's all he gives a flying craft about
Showing the money
You got Fox News to brainwash the idiotic masses out there to get his right wing lackeys in there
The Nazis and on the other hand he's titillating America with crap on Fox Entertainment channel
To which I would say
Absolutely caress into you
How long is this life break? A couple of minutes
Two minutes
We can put that up
One-cooked up one
Huh we could play that shaving commercial twice
Well, no you see that's a trade out. I looked at that. That's a trade
So I'm not that we want to denigrate it or anything like that
But I'll be honest with it started really bugged the hell out
The clouds turn sharp
Meal Rogers mornings and we dig
And
So what's around the clock
The fight
We can't wait
It's dangerous
We can play any town
But the resolution
At 560
WQ
Yeah
And I caught a cold from that ring
And we gave you glaceous
Though they will say it's so late
I think she needs to go and
And I said from life and break
And I think it's a very fun thing
And I think it's frustrating
And that's how this was done
The sexy-literated player
And the sgamish
But it's not have an o-free trunk
And that they understand
We're just born
And that's how this settle down
And it's not happy
They want babies
It was made sure
Yeah
So you see the follow up to this story that's the obvious question no to what are you referring the marriage between Anna?
There was a follow up corner for you and it didn't happen no it is this is this is her hobby, okay?
I say makes up stories
She makes up wild stories about marrying all these famous
celebrities and call and they didn't really get married. Oh good. She just laughs at the media including us
This was almost as good as Catherine Harrison that little incision she had on a plane. You remember the plane that
Right that one. Yeah same thing. What did I tell you the idea of Enrique getting married to any female is so I'm using to me
Well, I guess I got a Christmas card from I give up Enrique very good guess how do you guess that?
I don't know psyched dammit
Two years in a row man. I'm on his list didn't come by though to
You mean it knew yours kisser ain't there like that wasn't really you log over that actor send a bullock is given a million dollars to the
American red crime girl. How do you like that?
tsunami relief campaign. I always told you I like Sandra boy. Can you always laugh to me? Not me
You said you like Jim Z Bullock better than her. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I said you said
Yeah, the funds from the Hollywood actress will be used to provide relief supplies financial support technical assistance the American Red Cross and the statement
Bullock contacted the Red Cross see this is what I'm saying instead of making a bunch of stupid ass records you idiots like
Surah what a cliff Richard and all these other more and boy George
Cliff Richard. That's yeah, sir Cliff Richard my ass
God them Britzer such a bunch of candy ass pansies. It's pathetic
Right out of check for a million bucks you fat ass moron Cliff Richard
And by the way the world family they could take care of all those people that they wanted to
Yeah, they could so in some of them family jewels
Although Diana said Charles didn't really have any
Now speaking of a fox is a good follow-up excellent good timing. Thank you
At least one of Fox broadcasting company affiliate is bought that airing Monday nights 90 minutes special tonight
Who's your daddy which is raised the eye of a production advocacy groups for a premise that revolves around an adopted woman trying to pick her biological father from a group of eight candidates
W. R. A. Z Fox 50 TV and Rolly Durham North Carolina has yank daddy now wait. We can't say that. That's what it says here. This is from the
What is this from?
Reuters it says
W. R. A. Z has yank daddy and instead will era documentary I have roots and branches personal reflections on adoption in the eight to nine thirty
P. M. blocks slated for daddy on Fox
We're proud to share this enlightening heartwarming program both as informative appropriate family viewing as the public service as well
Fox 50 B. P. N. General manager Tommy Shank said on a website of the station's capital broadcasting company parent
W. R. A. Z executives couldn't be reached for additional comment Fox and news corporate executives have been catching flack lots of it from adoption advocates
And many other critics since it formerly not the scheduling of daddy last month show the show challenges a woman who was adopted as an infant to pick her father from a group of where we are
We talked about that the four worth base Gladney Center for adoption decried the show is premise calling it reprehensible and offensive and
Absolutely unacceptable. How do you like that for pile of crap the great super moralist there at funds
I'm telling you it's just before the end of the year they will have a swastika is their logo in the bottom right hand corn
The screen to cross the little truth and yeah truth and packaging say Fox to go
Anyway, we got the mad dog coming up next. I'm sure he's gonna have some fantastic reflections on the past dolphin season
It's been a tremendous year. You got your AJ touchy feeling you got here
What's this kid's name to play the yesterday sitting the over street green street? What's his name? Rosenberg? Yeah green street
Green Street Rose and I'm sure mad dog's gonna get all whipped up for a next year that you're gonna make this one pale in a wind significant
He'll
