The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
When Bill Riley's dialing, Shurie is in square in pants.
He'll tell you if you like your job, then you'll give him a last dance.
And if you tell the Riley, you're not looking to be kissed.
He'll do the pants right off your dirty and for you an extortionist.
Absolutely.
All the factors fair and balanced, but not when he calls at night.
He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little to the right.
Welcome.
I wonder if these are the same kind of ceremonies they had when Hitler came back in our orifice, you think?
Well, they had better marches, I think.
Oh, is that what it was? They had better who stepping?
Oh, that's right.
I'm convinced, you know, the Ted Williams Frozen Head thing.
I just came up with an idea.
I think I might be absolutely correct.
And that is that Hermann Gearing, you remember the Enormburg trouse?
Yeah, that was where you were run back then.
Good to know.
I don't think they ever killed him.
I think they froze his body and he came back his down to Rumswell.
And every time I see him, I think that's Hermann Gearing Jr.
Make no mistake about it.
Well, they made all those movies.
They keep making it.
They brought him back in 83 to roll over to take hands with Sodom and meat and greet and eat and stuff like that.
Anyway, it's an operation day.
Just in case you weren't paying any attention, it's enough to make me want to get...
Oh, man!
You know where the meaty are sucking up?
There ought to be a log in this.
I bet you'd choice if she found out the meaty was sucking like this.
She'd probably like take it right to the FCC immediately.
Wouldn't you think?
I have a special panel to investigate.
My God, what a suck up.
24-7.
Just licky, licky, licky, licky, licky, licky, it's nauseating.
And the president went to church for the first lady this morning
and he had a wonderful bowel movement.
And we had us, oh, geez, get out of here.
I noticed we were running condoms spots there at the ass in the hang show.
Did you hear that?
No, no, I don't hear the spots.
No, we had a Trojan spot.
Look at the log there.
Did you hear it, Josh?
I didn't.
You didn't?
No.
We don't have their log.
I'm not talking about what they had their log.
We're not.
I'm just saying in other words,
you weren't paying any attention to those signs or whatever.
We're just like, you know, the Henry Goulberg show.
The raid filters work and get it.
We had a Trojan spot for condoms.
I wonder what Joyce would think about that.
What do you think about that, honey?
I don't know the condom, but, wow, just twink wink and that's just not.
Stuff like that, right?
We can nudge.
What a bunch of hypocrites.
Anyway, I'm just getting really bitter about this.
I'll be glad when this day is over.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
The coronation.
And then one of the people that was captured,
you will drive yourself to the highway,
and I'll get to the property data numbers and then I'll ask them this.
isn't there a CheaTV that I can tell where Hanna,
He'll like try to say something and it'll be it at any rate. Hey don't go up good be be in bitter now
He's still a fair and square again. That's right
Okay, yesterday we asked who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan
But tomorrow is gonna be a big day at one o'clock. You know it. I can't wait those ratings the fall rating book
I'm gonna want to we got a win-win situation because if the ratings are great
We can say hey look at this we're great and if they suck we can say oh don't worry about that because nobody's on in the same
Type here to accept the mad dog and he don't want to be on there anyway at this point
I was asked in mufflin's you this morning about that mad dog situation and he said
Like that I shouldn't have too much to say this morning. Who or what is the most disappointing flash in the pan of all time
We access today 14-hundred plus votes John Kerry 190 votes
Very weak campaign John he was against the war but he was for it and then he was for the resolution
But then he was against it then he was you know now that we're there. What do we do now?
Very weak John very very weak in election
That should have been won by a landslide with the economy teetering and tottering with this unbelievable record deficit
Spending money like it's coming out of a faucet tax cuts for the rich that they just can't get enough of
Now almost fourteen hundred dead kids over there in Iraq for no reason at all based on lies based on absolute total lies instead of a
Lens we should have had impeachment going on right and the Democrats once again
So just how inept and impotently really are don't worry about getting any of them Trojan columns for the Democrats because they're never gonna get it up
Anyway, John Kerry 190 Howard Dean 178. Now see I don't he'll be back
Just like he'll be back. You think yeah?
You know
Convince he will be back. He's got fire fire. He just got
Hosed out of same media. That's coordinating bush the tooth today. I got hoes by the same media. Oh look at this
He's a crazy person. Just like that one collar we have yesterday who just doesn't get it
They took it out of context there. It was a directional mic which most of you know nothing about but he ever been in
Music or in a radio business or anything connected with microphones. It was a directional mic
So it only picked up what was immediately in front of it not the crowd noise that he was trying to shout over
That's why he was screaming like they're stupid and so they took it out of context and then a week later
They all apologised oh really he was trying to shout over the crowd and then they played the audio and you hear the crowd is just screaming
Yeah, and it's a totally different sound not like that
Anyway, well, what's the point? You know what's the use? That's the media for you. They totally sold out
YouTube Bob Franken you loser you idiot you supplicant you silly person you being given by the
Yeah, get out of here. Give this anyway. How are Dean was second with 178 the most disappointing flash in a pan
Howard Stern on Q.A.M. How many messages that last?
19 votes for that that was well thought out the WMVs in Iraq and Scott for well tied 75 of peace talk about a loose can
And I think there's a connection there don't you see it? I see it although at least Scott for well
We know as tangible and exist as opposed to the Iraq WMVs think about that the XFL had 50
Phil Henry 44 are you sure at a pretty good showing there Brian Bosworth and Ross P. Rottie to 41 same person different years
Harold minor 34 Vanilla ice 33 Cecil Collins 32
We just want to get a peak old Cecil he just going up there to like take a look look around
So somebody comes in your window tonight and they're like just just chill out. Okay, they're just looking around
They just want to take a peek Jimmy Johnson. We got a shot. Jimmy. We're gonna do it
Boy, and he really he stuck it at the brainstem, didn't he? Yes, Jimmy nobody will ever forgive you
Nobody will ever forgive that unconscionable sabotage
undermining the brainstem talking about how
How much talent was on a team and how they should have been like and a Super Bowl and yada yada
And how you were doing is undermining the brainstem which wasn't a bad idea
But then you go in there and like think to join out and fall flat on your push
Jimmy Johnson new coke segue or the segue everybody in the hood's got one and you guys clay each of them has 29
Actually Simpson 26 time with the Catholic Church molestation cases mark the bird figure out through rich and quentin teratino
They'll have 26
Four to Panthers and alien Gonzalez 24 I see some similarity there to you. I don't know why why because I think very soon
They'll both be a part of our past and something we're gonna. We hope why do you say that?
I was like a shunner. Are you picking on guilty? That's his bread and butter. Maybe that's his career. I don't think about Ellie
Unexual he could be one of the great broadcasters in history the the girl the mice
He could be one of those classic
Memorable people we've been talking about the last couple of days
But no because the Panthers aren't playing these I got a little story on it later on
But I got a pile of stuff here man all the way to the ceiling although we will take some important calls like this one
Wtq. I am hello. How you doing Neil pretty good palie? I had a question
Actually, I've something to say
I was watching as much as I want to like carry and I voted for him and you know donated money that I probably didn't hack out that
And just for a change
I'll watch it up. Would you would you like to get that money back now?
I don't think you got your money's worth man. I didn't I know I did we can't fan. I'm watching him on TV yesterday
And he's you know during these rights
Confirmation hearings and he says you know I haven't decided whether you're going to get my vote yet
And I'm gonna fill off my chair
Yeah, how in the hell is that not to make that my head?
That sounds like a waffle to me
That's absolutely and you know as much as I like Bob Graham
I bought his book intelligence matters and I looked into this thing and he keep fokking and so much so highly of
Fort or God
Oh my god, you got to be kidding me. I could not believe it was
This is a guy who said that just months before he was named director of the CIA
He said that he wasn't qualified to even serve on the CIA or to be involved in it and then they may come see
I am director absolutely correct and I want to give you a heads up
I don't know if you had a chance to watch the fit the state last night
But they've got a great one coming up next week on this United States divided. Okay
So heads up if I want to take a look at it
You can get some of those cuts on your site. Thanks a lot palying. I don't jump when you get to Niagara Falls
Just keep on coming absolutely
See you right. Yeah, when you're all come up to a candidate and you get to Niagara Falls if that's where you're coming
Just don't jump. I told you about that guy the doctor who was lost Ziggins gambling in Niagara Falls to see
Right, I decided to convince suicide
So we jumped in the falls and then he got like one leg in there and he changed his mind
So I didn't tell you about this. It was a great picture
So he jammed his foot up against a rock while he waited for help to come and bail him out what they did
Here's this doctor like standing there in the middle of Niagara Falls jamming it, you know
Anyway, Kurt Warner had 23 most disappointing flash in a pan
I don't think that was disappointing at all. I think I'm bored again far vision like him
It was delightful to see that he turned out to be a big L floppo after that one season
You know, maybe the Lord kind of turned his back on him
Maybe the Lord gives you one Super Bowl and let's you just you know a great athlete like Tom Brady
And then gives you three but if you just want to those pious and O talent losers like Kurt Warner
Kathy Willow's 22 haven't seen her speckled face lately
Actually Banfield her be spectacle post we haven't seen the long time 20 and not that we miss her
She was another lightweight. Oh, there's candy cow that she ain't no lightweight the big celebration
Yeah, um, hooting a blow for 17
I believe in Ellie 16 Ricky Martin. She had 14. What a screamer Brian Greasy buster Douglas George Lucas 13
That's a good pull question. Can I smudge much or Ricky Martin or Jeff Garcia
Uh, Aaron Summers had 12 Denise Rodman head 11 captain Kendall had 10 see there you are captain candle
Edtaine you were like making sport of that who captain candle
That's remember the guy that called in about the yesterday and we said what well 10 people knew who and what who
I don't have any idea captain freaking candle the silver dollar had seven which I don't know why I was on air
uh Bernie Kerrick Kato Kerlin twin peak six oh, we got that OJ story about his daughter
I'll care on K and John Rocker reach head for a tiny tim a tracks the backspeed boys Jerry Rafferty had three apiece I guess the backspeed boys don't have any a tracks
Um Brad Johnson John Vovitt and Drew Michaels to a piece
Oh, yes
And one apiece for David Justice the WHA bass city rollers and 98 degrees and instinct didn't have any you and why is that
I don't know why is that maybe they were still looking at that picture with Justin Tinkerbell Yanke and at the
thing
That's um
Rest thing you have to specify to your smite get upset 10 13 at 5 60 WQM instead of be a fine Thursday
We're just killing time till his ratings come out one o'clock tomorrow. Let's not lie. Okay. We're just Biden our time
We're Joe Biden. Here's another one for you. Like I said the other day. Uh, you know
He's grilling condolese and he's got all these reservations and he keeps saying but I'm gonna vote for you
Because the president's got to write to pick whatever much a loser's not easy ones, but I'm gonna
Yeah, what is that what is that part again of that spineless democratic party that we know in the fear so badly
Do you that's what Roosevelt said the only thing we have to fear is my own party remember that right even less
They gorse at it's my party and I'm embarrassed for it
And
I think it's a folk and we like to go on.
Who could I go on?
He was big and round.
But he's got way down.
He's dimmer now.
Much shimmer now.
Call me crazy.
We'll get to the boat thing in a minute.
Call me crazy, but it looks to me like Carmella de Chazotti,
this season.
It's the same picture we had either yesterday
or what?
I was just talking to Eric about it this morning.
I thought it was a done deal.
We're doing the winners, right?
Are you sure you were talking to Eric?
Maybe it was Greg Wiggie we're talking to.
Because a lot of people think they got a done deal
when he talked to him.
And then, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Yeah, I can relate to that.
Oh, it's a done deal.
Not.
Boy, don't get me started.
Oh, brother, you see you said the wrong word done deal.
That's a bad expression of QIAM.
Sorry.
Just like we talked to my dog had a done deal.
And I thought I had a done deal back in August.
And I thought I had a done deal back
in about December 22.
You had a done deal.
Yeah, done deal.
Why did I resign with these bastards?
I must be a crazy person.
I don't know.
I'm starting to think even though he didn't like me too much.
I have a lot in common with John Henry.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, I'm starting to think that's me.
What in the world did I do this for?
But anyway, the money keeps showing up.
So what are we going to do about that?
These people, as much as they look for mellowed the sides.
You're in a fantastic picture, right?
Yesterday, they want to see some new shots, man.
They want to see some new angles.
They want to see some new things.
They want to see, you know, those have the winners of the poll that we took, aren't we?
Next week.
That we were going to do.
Oh, that's next week.
Well, then let's change that picture.
What are you talking about?
I thought we were doing it this week.
Oh, next.
Oh, it is a new picture, Eric says.
So see there.
Get out of here.
I recognize that thing anywhere.
Let me check.
Yeah, that's not a new picture.
Unless it says, I don't know.
It looks awful familiar to me.
Almost like I've seen it.
Well, you've seen her so much.
Yes, it next week, Monday through Friday.
Monday, we'll put the top five, which I saved.
I think I did.
This is a different picture.
Is it?
Trust me.
It's for the same set.
Did you save that poll to top five?
Eric saved it.
Yeah.
He switched it for I could print it, but he's got it.
Okay.
Anyway, we got the new poll up there already.
I've hoated for sugar.
It's not even a contest.
Something.
It's 10, 20 in the morning.
I'm already thinking about ice cream.
Stop.
No, I didn't say I'm eating it, but I'm thinking about it.
I'm thinking about what kind of ice cream I'm going to buy at Dominion after the show
today.
Well, you'll die from thinking about it.
Well, just like yesterday, when we started reminiscing, and I'm not doing that poll today,
we'll do that again to turn back the clock on a restaurant thing the one you missed the
most.
That was a good idea, but we did a similar one not that long ago, right?
Like months ago, but we like to pretend that we don't want to.
We want to vary them, you know, mix it up.
Chambi likely headed to TV.
Somebody called about this.
Yeah, they had no idea what they were talking about because I guess I'm a day behind
on a couple of these things like the OJ Sydney story, Sydney Simpson.
You know, the Simpson?
Very very.
Jackass says Miami radio announcer, Boob Chambi likely will become the new TV play by
play voice of the Florida Marlins.
All right.
A baseball source said Tuesday, Chambi and Marlins rights holder Fox to sports, whatever it
is, still must come to terms on the contract.
You go, boy, we love boob boob.
And maybe someday in, you know, 10, 15, 20 years, we'll say, boy, Boob Chambi, he's going
to be one of those legendary broadcasters that everybody knows and he's got a distinctive
style and he's got orange here and he was beloved.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Well, he's just getting his feet wet now.
He's just starting out.
This is going to be his first chance.
It's like the main man.
He'll do very well.
He ain't no Anthony Kelliando, but he's his own and his own way.
He's going to be the Marlins main man.
He ain't no day of van boring.
Well, we'll get to that.
The promotion will complete an impressive rise for the popular radio announcer.
We began a South Florida career as a WQM producer and flunky in sports update reporter
in 1992.
Chambi 34 has been a Marlins radio announcer since 1997.
And don't play by play the past four years, including three things per game last year.
Although the decision on the announces is made by Fox Sports, Marlins management, including
owner Jeffrey Luria, advocated Chambis having for the TV job.
Nice call in Jeffrey.
You finally did something we like.
Now, let's start up with him again, man.
Before the season starts again, that's bad idea.
You get suspended.
I'd like to get suspended without with pay from now till let's see how many years I got
left.
Too many.
If the deal is struck, Chambi would work as many as 150 games with Tommy Hutton.
Who's very good, by the way.
Like, don't you like Tommy Hutton?
Josh?
Yes.
Good.
Whatever your name is.
Who support Chambi's hiring?
Chambi had a climb comment.
We replaced Len Casper who left to become the TV voice of the Chicago Cubs after Chip
Kerry and Steve Stone got blown out because the players hated him like poison.
A native of New York, Chambi has a degree in speech communication from Boston College.
Here's the really disturbing news and an otherwise very encouraging and wonderful article, which
will reach Google all the best.
We love him.
It's a great job.
The disturbing one sentence man can really spoil the whole thing, you know?
It's like making the broth.
What's that old saying about spoiling the broth?
Too many cooks.
Too many cooks.
Well, one sentence here spoils this story for me at the end of Barry's column.
Dave Van Horne will return as the Marlins lead radio announcer.
Oh my God.
Oh my goodness.
Are these people losing it or what?
Do they have a radio?
Well, they must have a radio because they heard Hank that time.
They got all van out of shape about him.
But Dave Van Horne, Dave Van Boring is coming back again.
I guess Josh likes that because you know, you're pretty tight with him.
That's right.
That's just fine.
Yeah.
Does he loan out?
I'm not gonna say that.
I would never be bad.
I'm talking about his wife.
Well, everybody's always raven about his wife.
We got to say something good about him.
He's got a horrible hair piece.
He's boring on the ear, but he's got a wonderfully attractive wife.
Well, that's good.
So he's got good taste in women, but other men.
That's good to see women.
He's got a voice for the Internet, which is why he was doing those
exposed games on the Internet and not on the radio.
He's just, well, he did TV too.
I mean, I don't care what he did.
He's boring and coma inducing and you can't say it.
So just bug out.
Okay.
Jesus.
You know what I'm saying is true.
Last season, you were talking about how you had to keep poking in the ribs to keep
him away during the game.
Is that what he said, George?
Something like that.
Yeah.
Something exactly like that.
Anyway.
Hey, listen, there's something going on.
Like I said, to Hank the other day, they're these certain people.
That was Hank who talked about your bucking anxious.
You go, Humper.
Thanks for having me.
I love that.
That was a great moment in the radio.
By the way, Berkeley from our sales department came in this morning to tell me how great
she enjoys the wonderful.
It sounds the banter between the me and the Humper in the morning.
We didn't have it this morning because he had a bailout early to go to some dolphin,
a lucky, lucky thing.
But, yeah, I enjoy that.
I actually haven't somebody on before me who is on the same radio station and those
my name and get along with.
And, you know, actually has some involvement with the show.
One thing that I'm going to let this out right now, I said it before briefly, but it really
is very disturbing to me.
See, on IOD, there was interplay between Reneerie and me and Rick and SUDs and Phil and Randy.
It was a family.
It was dysfunctional.
But it was a radio family.
And it was like we all knew each other existed.
And if somebody had something going on, the other people would talk about it or I would talk
about them, whatever the deal was.
But on this station, because of the sports fraternity we got, I would say that Hank is,
well, I mean Motu, most like Dr. Dori.
But we got some people on here who just basically, I mean, they recognized me the fact that
I exist, but other than that, that's about it.
In other words, there's like a demarcation line.
Once we get done with our crap, it's like, oh, now we get to the serious stuff.
The sports shows around.
To help with all that Pavlov and garbage and that high rated Nearodius packet, you know.
Yeah.
That means it's disturbing.
You don't think so?
It's disturbing.
That's why it's a breath of at least fresher air that we got to Hupper on here now.
We had like a little verbal intercourse.
Yeah, verbal.
Just what we needed, speaking of verbal is another talk station in South Florida.
Man, how many we got now?
About 30, man.
That's not a real talk station.
Once speaking of when Bill O'Reilly is done, I wonder when that rating booked on me.
Forget tomorrow to check his number to see if he can break a point.
Oh.
Break out of the O point O numbers.
I'll write it down.
For all his big TV numbers on Fox, that's the same bunch of right wing little goose-stepping
Nazi sycophants.
He has made zero impact in the South Florida radio market.
I mean, not a little impact.
None.
Zip-a-Doo.
None.
Zero.
He ain't got nothing.
You can't complain about his number because he ain't got one.
But anyway, Salem Communications will flip.
Oh, you're going to flip when you hear this.
They flipped WKAT Miami from Classical to a conservative themed news talk format on January
31.
How can we compete with that?
January 31 today that Salem will close on its $10 million purchase of the Class BAM
with a marginal signal.
Believe me, I know I used to work there and it's gotten worse through the years.
WKAT's new lineup will be dominated by syndicated talk shows hosted by Salem Radio Network's
Bill Bennett.
That's our gambling addicted right wing professional Catholic Bible thumping phony below
the homophobic spokesman.
Bill Bennett.
Dennis Prager, Michael Medvedd, Hugh Hewitt, Foster Hewitt, and Mike Gallinger.
In fact, I'd rather hear Foster Hewitt than Hugh Hewitt.
He's been dead for a long time.
Talk radio network's Laura Ingram and the crazy is a bed bug Michael Savage will also
be part of WKAT's new lineup.
WKAT will continue to air broadcast to be met with a whole new opera on Saturday of
noon and remain the radio fag should perform at International University basketball games.
Nice going Howard Primer or whoever the hell alone.
Well, Salem about it.
KAT.
I don't think this takes most of these AM stations around and just shut them down.
And you think would that be like save a lot of juice?
Juice?
Oh, we'll get to that.
Speaking of the juice.
We get to that.
It's a little rocket.
It's collusive like.
On 560.
It's AM.
Absolutely.
It's been dead.
It's the juice within the news.
He's spending time on the golf course looking for clues.
Now he's back and he can't shut up.
He's still out there.
Oh, he says something.
He is mad at his wife.
But she didn't cut her own head off with a knife.
He gets paid for dinner.
He was made for the kids.
Oh, he ain't telling me.
How is the search for the real killer college?
It's fine, man.
I've been looking at golf courses all across America.
But I'll double beat.
It's been on this five-glass unit.
I ain't finding them yet though.
Why are you just working at golf courses?
Uh, that's mostly where I find myself on a golf courses.
Let me be anywhere else.
No, I don't think so.
Let me go.
Oh, Jay is just playing crazy.
Here's the hint.
He says it.
My going cold.
Be ready.
He says it.
He's ready.
But she's lucky.
He didn't cut her right behind me here.
Still hesitating to do it.
That's all Jay.
But everybody knew it.
That's all Jay.
The prosecutors knew it.
And so did this.
He's still out there.
1032 or 5-5.
Did we put gambling on her yet?
Because we added some others on his folder, right?
I didn't talk to us.
But I think we did know we didn't have gambling.
Okay.
There you go.
There's one for you.
Anyway, boy, I turned to that.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
SpongeBob SquarePants.
He's getting almost as dangerous as the Teletubby, Tinky Winky.
Can we still say Tinky Winky?
Tinky, you're f***ing key.
We can't just get together.
Somebody says add booze to your pool.
That's the way we added on there.
We did.
Booze.
Okay.
I'm going to be the pool in a second.
But first is for his OJ and at the ill-behave kid of his concern.
Of course, he's got a lot of excuses.
You know, our father's a double murderer.
A lot of violence in the family.
She's been exposed to a lot of vogue protests stuff.
Right?
Right.
So let her off the hook.
Plus, she's hot.
Yeah.
OJ Simpson's 19-year-old daughter was busted and floated after she refused to stop cursing
at cops, probing reports of a fight after a varsity basketball game.
I mean, Poli said.
Sydney Simpson was arrested outside of high school gym center and charged with this early conduct,
also with resisting arrest without violence, for allegedly slapping a cop in the right hand,
as he tried to take her into custody, Poli said.
Two teenage girls told cops of the scene that Simpson hit them in the face,
but they declared it press charges, Poli said.
Simpson family lawyer, Yel Yenthal-Anter, said yesterday that the dispute was a cat fight,
and Sydney had resolved it by the time police got there.
Just a cat fight.
The lawyer didn't say what started this dispute.
He suggested it was the cops who made the situation worse.
Well, that never happens, doesn't it?
No.
But if Poli's were told that nobody wants to press charges, Sydney is arrested,
and the producer of the conduct, Galator, said.
It doesn't take a legal genius or a great legal mind to figure out that the event was over,
and that it was the police who caused the charge to be had.
The dust up began, or the dust up, this is the New York Post.
It's not even a British paper, but it says the dust up isn't that a Brit thing?
Yet is.
That is so.
The dust up.
The Brits are such a bunch of silly Nazis, man.
In fact, I think we ought to be getting along.
I wonder, are Tony Blair's involvement in this coalition of the unwilling?
You know, one's good Nazi always works well with the other.
Wait a minute.
Let's see.
Greg Read and Andy Courage are both bitter fruit from the same drug-dung-covered tree.
WKT is going all right, Wayne talked to anywhere 31.
The staff had to find out today from listeners who read the press release two days ago,
whereas Courage, not at the station, probably sniffing run-of-wolf panties for his old job back.
Oh, Andy Courage, he's the scourge of South Florida.
Him and Greg Read.
But anyway, getting back to this story about Sydney Simpson.
The dust up began after a boys basketball game at Ransom Everglades school,
and Coke and the Grove against Galover Prep cops said, oh, me Galover is the Akin.
See how British this whole thing is?
Clockwork.
Sydney who attends college in Boston graduated from Galover last June and was at Saturday's game.
Her 16-year-old brother Justin is a student at Galover.
When two cops arrived outside the gym, they saw a big crowd gathered with coaches trying to keep the peace one of the officer's sentence report.
Simpson came and me screaming and yelling the cops said,
noting that she was asked to calm down several times and refused.
Calm down, O.J. Calm down.
You murdering piece of crap.
The officer then interviewed the two teens who claimed Simpson and him in the face.
Simpson became very loud, starting to scream profanities the other cops said in his report.
She was asked three times to calm down, she refused to continue to continue to scream,
FU the report said.
FU, FU.
My mate police lieutenant Bill Schwarzer spotted the gliders remarks yesterday and said,
for her safety and the safety of all concerned, the officers decided to remove her from the situation.
Clearly this upset her even more and she slapped her in the cops in a hand.
Not a good idea.
Don't be slapping out cops, bitch.
C'mon!
Sydney was released after she agreed to appear in court at an unscheduled date on the misdemeanor charges,
resisting her rest without violence.
The officer then went to jail and served a conduct charge to carry 60 days in jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to a new time together.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail and went to jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
O.J.
O.J.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
was in jail.
was in jail.
O.J.
was in jail.
O.J.
about the paper.
about the paper.
that paper.
Pohl had a paper.
That wasn't really a paper.
that puppet was called the paper.
Pohl had a paper.
Allows the paper?
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
Allows the paper.
That's right. The people addicted to the chat room never see a chat net at right now.
Sick. Really, really sick. If you don't believe me, just check out a chat room anytime and then the best of one of the big fun things to do is go into the chat room and then like make up some food in them and interrupt their fun, you know.
And start writing messages about something totally different. Just throw them off, you know. And they get really pork off of you're interfering with our attempt to like communicate with a bunch of other sick bastards with no life, you know.
And then, you know, just at the end say, I have no life.
And then we'll rush.
Next, come on.
We're trying to carry you to the nearest garage. Give us like a big man.
Senator John Kerry joining us from the one Democrat of Massachusetts now an official candidate for his party's nomination.
I might add.
Don't interrupt.
Don't have some phone calls. You're watching Larry King live.
Denver, Colorado. Hello, Senator Kerry. How will you pay off the deficit?
You're going to have to kick back in more money now. And by the way, we're going to penalize every family in America.
Port Richie Florida. Hello.
Senator Kerry, is it true that you used to work at Sears as American?
Oh, absolutely.
You're 19 years experience.
Olympia Washington. Hello.
Senator Kerry, why would you do with healthcare?
I had healthcare because I'm the United States senator and I could afford it. And that's why I'm going to see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got.
We can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money.
The reason we don't have enough money, Larry, is because I party.
Garden of Massachusetts. Hello.
Senator Kerry, how's the hobby?
Are you really nice to ask? I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way.
Thank you, Senator. We'll be seeing you again soon.
Thanks so much.
Senator John Kerry now in official candidate for his party's nomination.
Not 1044 or 16 before a lot of it.
Let's take a look at that schedule, man. It's Thursday. We got mad dogs. You managed it to under protest.
It's just like, you know, managers, coaches, they say we're playing this game under protest.
Although I've never seen that in the football game. Have you, Josh?
No, I don't know if that's a lot, but in baseball, certainly many times we've seen the manager say,
oh, we're playing this game under protest because they get pissed off about somebody bad call or whatever the deal might be.
The Empire is like the game going and pouring rain and sleet and snow, whatever.
We're playing this game under protest. And of course, nothing ever happens.
No, really.
But anyway, mad dogs do what the best he can under impossible circumstances because they're making his life miserable,
which is what the beastly broadcasting company does better than anything else.
They're making his life a living hell because he's done so great and got his those big numbers.
And made us a lot of money and his one hell of a great talent.
So they're doing everything they can to brow-beat him and abuse him and lose him.
Abuse him and lose him.
Just remember those two words rhyme, Greg, abuse and lose.
Okay, abuse him and lose him.
Anyway, and then we'll have David at four to seven who abused us for a long time.
But yeah, I don't know.
So somebody called in to make something up about what most said yesterday about me.
Okay, right? All pissed off.
See, at the beginning, it wasn't okay. Everybody thought it was contrived.
And it wasn't. It was legitimate hate. I mean, unbelievable hate, including everybody in the building.
But now let's just make it up because they seem to thrive on that.
The audience likes that.
They hate each other.
Okay, we hate each other.
Moe Howard, David, and four to seven.
I know we got Hurricane Hotline and Hollywood Greyhound.
Frank Haithauer hosted by Joe Zagaki and Clarez.
I pretend to be a little boy program director Darrow from a seven and nine.
Nine o'clock. It's the beast at Hollywood Greyhound and then 10 o'clock ADK.
That's our award winning lineup for Thursday.
Tomorrow at one o'clock, the ratings come out.
We are going to, oh, man, we're going to scour those numbers or what?
We're going to have a story, baby.
I don't know what kind of a story it'll be, but we're going to have a story.
Here's the fact that it says pretty good facts here.
It's an organization day, by the way, at noon.
Here's a message from our programming department.
It says, is there something special going on today?
We had a preemptive show for it? No.
See if there was a sports like a press conference going on.
If the one-step era was coming to an end, which it did there not too many weeks ago.
And we had some stupid ass press conference coming out of the show.
They'd say, oh gee, we better carry this and be sure and pot down, Neil,
so that he can't make all those stupid little sounds in the middle of it and embarrassing degradas
and piss off the management and Wayne.
You know, right? Right.
But we got the presidential inauguration at noon today,
which I'm sure that everybody who's listened to the show wants to avoid like poison.
So you can be sure. We might carry like one or two words from it.
Our book, our radio. Those would be good ones.
Here's the fact that it says John Stewart had a guy on who wrote a new book called The Politics of God.
Neil God!
He pointed out the people who voted for W based on moral values.
Only care about two moral values.
A Borsan in Game Marriage. That's right.
A Borsan in Home-O's.
Baby killers in Home-O's.
And the fact uses his isn't a moral value to help those less fortunate.
To protect God's earth and corporations who destroyed the environment for a private financial gain.
To tell the truth about why we invade a country that had no WMDs, no ties to 911.
Are not these moral values? Yes they are. I would think.
Absolutely.
I'll be avoiding all TV's today to mark since the fact that you're also with this.
By the way, I usually like blinds, but Carmella is what it says with several O's.
I discovered her.
Just like Brandon and Wilder said in all fall down.
I saw her first. Very very.
Whoever the hero. Oh, even we say he saw her first.
So he wanted to hop right up a hop a board like this.
How are you supposed to say?
Hot dog, half a lord.
Don't touch that.
Let's see how that pool is coming so far.
But we got to get a lot of calls in today.
We got about 400 articles here that are like the world is hinging on whether I do them or not.
Bill or Ronnie still kicking ass on Fox News because at least half of the country turned into a bunch of goose stepping Nazis.
Now they like that stuff. They love it.
Other than sex, what do you consider your number one addiction?
junk food 27, marriage, you we need 25, booze 16, sugar 15.
Oh, please get the sugar police. Please get them pornography 14.
I don't have any addictions 14. Liars.
You're full of crap. We don't believe you.
I put that on there specifically for those people so earlier than now.
And so I got another one. They don't do nothing.
I got another one. Yeah. Religion.
Okay. See, they wanted to admit it.
Let's just see how many people in the redictive have been sucked in.
They've been brainwashed and say we're a child like most of the masses out there are asses and their ability to think and reason like thinking
breathing human beings like homo sapiens in it takes effort cigarettes 13 the Internet of dozen.
Now we did separate the Internet from chat rooms because it's a separate category, right?
I mean the Internet you could be sitting there surfing all day long like the beach boys.
I think about the Jan and Dean.
Well, let's see the Internet 12 caffeine eight television eight cigars four sports three gambling to hero and two cocaine two.
Religion and chat rooms are the big old religion just went on there.
They'll get some 175 votes. Why not on this inauguration day?
I want to the saddest days in the history of this Republic.
Just give it all up. Give up the religion.
Give up all that bad stuff. Okay.
Right. What?
Oh, there's the limousine.
The case.
I worked jumping. Do you think he's waving over there? Yeah.
Abu Garib. Get off of my TV.
You not see murdering bastard. You man.
1400 close to 1400.
Have you been Americans because this man is a liar because him and the Neocons and the a P-neck the project for new American century.
It got this all mapped out man.
What a Neocon job on a whole world.
Well, not on a whole world because the rest of the world ain't buying it.
Only the stupid idiotic half of America.
It's a two stupid one to say don't confuse us with the truth.
All we care about is a good religious boy. That's all a good old boy.
We don't want no Yankee liberal comedy pink O'Fag with a bad face and a wife that looks like she's got a rag mop on her.
We don't want them in the run of the country trying to shove them liberal that agenda down our throats with em fag marriages and all other fag stuff and abortion baby killing stuff.
We want a good old boy.
And that's what they got. They got a good old boy.
Did they?
The whole year.
Abu Garib.
How many people are you?
Hey Neel, how are you?
Bush and Operation Headquarters. Yes sir.
I had listened. Speaking of Sidney Simpson, she would have done really well on the poll yesterday because I would have been disappointed.
I didn't finish the job like her father did.
But anyways, it is full definitely American idol.
I hate to admit that but that's definitely one on there.
You're addicted to American idol. I'll be damned.
I got some of those watch in that period.
Yeah and then well, okay then the soap opera of QAM since Mo's got there.
It's just been absolutely ridiculous.
Can you believe it?
Can you believe it?
I bet you a lot of people think we're making us all up.
We don't have to.
And when you're working this place, you don't have to make anything up.
You're darn right.
All right. I hate love.
Take care.
Okay, say how to William Hung.
What do you, what do you have nothing about?
He says he, I'm sure he's a type with William Wood Bill Hung.
He was a big superstar on there.
He is a four seconds of fame.
Couldn't sing as well as a paper sack.
He can't act.
He don't look good. He's an idiot.
He's a geek.
I said geek.
And Sid, who, so do you like him?
No, he sucks.
Oh, there's the presidential motorcade.
The flags are waving on the side of the limousine.
Oh, I know what you're thinking.
Don't say it now.
Don't say it now.
Don't say it now.
I know what you're thinking.
I know what I'm thinking.
I'm not going to say it.
WQA, hello.
For your appeals.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
On your poll, Neil.
I'm addicted.
Oh, addicted, Neil Rogers.
Okay.
Good choice.
Hey, Neil.
And I had a segway with that OJ story.
I was thinking about two things.
And really, I just can't believe happened in the past.
One of them was OJ being acquitted.
And the other one was the re-election of W.
And I thought that might be a good poll.
Like what historical events surprise the shock you the most of the outcome?
What is the historical event case?
Can you still not believe happened?
I like that.
Maybe we'll get it tomorrow.
I like that a lot.
Hey, and by the way, Neil, for shaving your head, because I'm half bald,
I just take one of those electric tremors and just shave it down,
or there's a little stub, and then you're good for a week or two.
I know.
I got a little stub already.
Yeah, cool.
Right on.
Have a great day, pal.
I don't know.
I'm thinking about that.
I would think it's pretty comfortable, isn't it?
I should have asked him that.
What an idiot I am.
He's already gone.
Would you like that comfortable?
Because I did it like 20 some years ago, but I don't remember.
Because I mean, who remembers what it felt like 20 years ago, and they heard too?
I've been cupping my hair shorter and shorter every time,
that it's more comfortable every time.
When you get to a certain age, right?
Well, look at this.
So you got any erasers on there?
We got some different.
Complaining says Brian and Pompato Beach.
Well, your number one addiction is complaining.
It really is.
Oh, no wonder he listened to this show then.
Brian says his number one addiction is complaining.
Wining.
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
You can stop for it.
He wants a macaroni and cheese.
What ever happened to the winers?
I love that.
That was great.
That show was great.
Who?
What?
I'm a good partner.
The winers.
No, the STTB wasn't at STTB.
Oh, the winner?
Let's catch right, yes.
Yeah.
Who wants a macaroni and cheese?
Oh, I know so many of those winers.
In fact, I talk to so many of them every day.
Yeah, yeah.
We got screwed.
Yeah.
The dolphin's son.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They just never going to change.
A hundred years from now, you come back and sell photo.
They're going to be the same air of malcontent and the discontent and the dismay and hostility.
It was interesting.
Hollywood gets picked as the seventh politest city in America.
And the people in Hollywood almost down to the mayor, all saying, well, we don't understand why that is because everybody hears his rudeness and gets.
It will be happy to show you.
Yeah, get out of our face with all your expertise.
You jackasses.
The light night.
It was a presidential motorcade.
WQA and hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
What is this?
I'm just thinking of Tom Temple.
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
What is this?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 6, 3
I'm still here, man, another four years almost, less 20 days, nothing I'm counting or anything like that. Why did I do that? I don't know. Bad advice for my attorney, I think. Very bad advice. If he was sharp, you know, what are you laughing about? Oh, I told you to be syndicated on 600 stations right now making millions of dollars, spreading the word out there, really changing mankind, like some of the people I can think of, yeah, you go like that, scare America. But they sure had a big impact on the election, didn't they? No. Oh, yeah, we're gonna come on there, we're gonna counter Rush Limbaugh on,
go to Riley and Gordon Litty and Ollie North and Sean Hannity and all these other right-wing, no, you're not. You want to know why you're not gonna do it? Al Franken? Because they're lame. Because you're boring.
You're losing to me, Rogers. Exclusive, I'm not even gonna ask you to be kidding.
Roger, shall we? This is your brain.
Any questions? No.
The story that rocked the humbiet in the world. Uncle Tad did, Toronto Boxer shorts, like Cruz Alvar and Rage with some bags. Excellent.
The rich, the powerful, they like this women naked, William gonna be smith and Ted Kennedy in the Lentay's ex-Flood adventure, R2, the next genitidia.
Excellent.
There's your fat ass governor, Jeff Bush there with the inauguration, taking pictures with his little throw away a little brownie camera.
You see that? No, I didn't. Oh, he's snapping a couple of snapshots there with his little one with 25-year-old walking by in Walgreens. What?
I couldn't watch it. I would puke. Would you? I would. Your fat ass governor is there to see his brother steal another election.
So, anyway, the reason I played that bit there is because that's Paul Castornov's career right there. How long has that bit?
52 seconds. Don't forget to send me Smith Tumbler. No. No, that's forgettable. This is actually a great bit.
That's his contribution to broadcasting. How many years he been on here?
About 30, man. That's it right there. That's it, Paulie, man. See, I thought that when, of course, what a liar. Remember those days when he was called a Duff and everybody in the building trying to get the morning show?
He had 85,000 different morning hosts in a desperate situation in there. And then that goes on here and lies about, I never sure he did.
We have an absolute sworn authority. We have affidavits, man. We have 50 guys named David who swore on a Bible, a stack of Bibles, and it's as big as your ass, Paul, that you were there sucking around for that morning show.
Even PD Lenny was going on with that crap. Your good post-friend PD Lenny was got a mouth like a toilet in the brains to max and it's skin like a crocodile. Right? Right.
Remember those days I had it on the first hand authority from PD Lenny, Mufflin Z, Claretz-Dero Jr. program director, all these other people.
I'll take their word, even PD Lenny any day over this big fat tub of crap who goes on here. Oh, I ran into Nail with the sawgrass. Yeah, right. Fat chance, Tubby.
And by the way, Luce, I'm waiting. You made me look like skinny Atlas. I think he's achieved a new record of what? Wait. Oh, has he? Yeah, I haven't seen him. I ran into him at the at the atrium mall over there.
Did you know how to feel fat? W.A.M. Hello. I had it first hand authority. Q.A.M.
Mufflin Z. Now he's got to radio that that's PD Lenny right there. W.A.M. Hello.
Yes, sir. Hey, that guy last colleague. I'm not that you're psychic virus of listening so long. I was going to vote for your show, but the reason I call.
Yes, I was with Eric yesterday and I emailed him and he was supposed to get a hold of George. I don't really want to put this on the air, but.
Did you get a message about time telling a vetter? Oh, this is a Reverend Jones again. No, sir, no, sir. No, no, no. You did not know.
I have any idea what you're talking about. Did you do I? Okay. I talked to Eric. I have all 43 episodes of the invaders and 30 episodes of a time tunnel. Right. I'm going to bring about about it.
Why do you talk to Eric about that? He hasn't given me about that stuff. Yeah, but I thought you might be interested. No, I'm not. I'm not. New Eric's not interested in George's and I'm not either.
567. Oh, five. He talked to Eric about the time tunnel because somebody called up about the show the time tunnel. Apparently.
Jesus, if I never saw James Dehran again, that would be soon up for me. I'd rather see Bobby Dehran than James Dehran. I'd rather croak than see Bobby Dehran. By the way, he still did.
Little liver problem. Bobby Dehran. Little too much booze, man. New people addicted to booze. Oh, and I got a great story about how the government lies. I know it's a fool. Yeah, but all these fat people supposedly were dying. You're the one that makes that up.
NHL times to keep talking. I got just a pile of stuff. I might eventually get to it. I feel like Rick Riley. They all are actually do have some stuff. Where is that story about the... Oh, there's a great column by Marine Dow. Don't know much about algebra. Warren Buffett sees no way, but down for US Dollar.
From where NFL star faces attempted murder charges. Miami beats that's Josh's close personal friend, Barrett Robbins. No kind of Vanskin Robbins. That's not a business on 163rd Street. There were the drive through. Isn't amazing how all this stuff just... I keep in touch.
Where is that thing? I know it's in here somewhere in my fat pile. I was figuring out here's a Michael Moore story. His bodyguard was busted with a gun at the airport. See that story? No. I know what bodyguards is supposed to do. I do carry guns. No. He's better licensed to carry firearms. That's right.
If you're in a fear with them, you'll have to appear before a magistrate in the morning to show cause. I love the dynamic Husky. Yeah. Oh, here. The CDC says it miscalculated the number of obesity deaths because they've been saying that obesity was about to overtake smoking as number one cause of death in the US.
I'm telling you, if you're a fat and you smoke, buy buy. All you can say is that's it. That's a death wish. When you agree. Indeed. I mean, fat. In fact, if fat is dropped on the list a little bit, I guess I can go out and get like two big times ice cream.
Oh, I haven't had a lot of it. It's got like the little chunks of turtle in it. That's a new twist. Just let it melt right on your gut. Just eat it off your chest. That sounds good. I need just look at 5 670 560. Oh, milk it.
So pound 560 on a Verizon and singular now they are in microwave. I don't have time to wait for it. That's too slow. It's got to go in a microwave. You'd like to make it like an airport. A leader, which is a little more than a court. That's a little added bonus in Canada. Leaders a little over court. And you like put that in there for about 60 seconds, man. About a minute.
And then you open it, baby. Up in size and not not mushy, but just soft enough. You don't have to see ice cream is no good when it's like too hard when it's like rock. It's like rock. Salt. Not not good. You know, these people that can fight into what ice cream cone. What do you mean by that?
Like they take an ice cream cone, they bite into it. Like they're biting off a chunk of ice cream and like chewing it. Have you ever see someone do that with the hard ice cream?
Well, you're just supposed to lick it. I know, but I know people that will just chop it up. But I don't know what you're talking about. I'd pass out.
Fist. Oh, look at that mirror. Why don't we do the top of our addiction list? All right. Let's have a party. How about you say? All right. I'll bring the things. I'll bring the things. I have a QAM party.
And one of those ratings parties, huh? Yeah. All these people sit around who hate us like poison and don't have anything to do with the show and the success of the ratings on this station.
And they sit around and hop up a bunch of free food. I would number one or really great. Yeah. People like Maddie Bell and Ray Perry and all these other and Gary Sarner.
This very sarner show up for those deals because the food I'm sure is not kosher. Of course he does. Yeah. What a free loader. Man. WQAM. Hello.
Hi, Uncle Neil. Love you. I look safer today's full with fitness is definitely my addiction. You're addicted to sickness. No fitness. Oh,
fitness. Oh, fitness. That's that's a good one. Yeah. Okay. Well, like what do you do? We're on a triathlete and surfer. So running, swimming, biking,
well, that kind of stuff. Yeah. You didn't know Jan very. Did you know it? Good. That's good. Okay. Well, keep it up, pal. Good. That's a good thing to have fitness. He's as fit as a fiddle ever try athletes. Let's see.
She's fan two is covering the inauguration protests live much better than the mainstream media coronation traps in this fact. And it's gotta be.
You got to see because I don't get to be span here. Thank you. I don't want to process. I want to put anything on here to do with this damn coronation. I mean,
another way of changing the channel. I did. I'm looking at starving. What?
To the discovery channel. You just better change when we do there you go. Toronto blue light.
About some hockey. One of the young. How about some maple leaf?
I'm sure that means they are lucky. That's been the best.
But it was all games that we're looking at.
The typical situations. What's that? Explain to Brian and pop an obi to sent the complaining suggestion for the poll earlier who is sent to.
Two facts suggesting that we put sex on the poll. Why were you not putting sex on the poll? I'm not going to do it again.
And quit your complain and Brian.
21 is on the ice.
It's that way. And bar.
The leaves down the other way. I was born shocked. Pick that like Stefan.
That brings a circle. Picking it up.
Little boring hockey there for you. What else do we got on here? We could put some horse racing. It's too early though.
And then it's only 11 o'clock and the more. Oh, these are the replays from last night. It's snowing at Penn National.
The fabulous fortune. The drachy case. The Kaufman. There you go.
And anything but the inauguration today. I could put playboy TV on there about a half a second.
But I'm not going to even why even bother trying that.
What else could possibly be on? How about the BBC? I wonder if they're doing that thing.
It's skating down its involvement in relief operations in the countries affected by the tsunami.
More than 15.
A lot of us are constipated Nazis, man. Who are you people kidding?
Anyway, you like this story. Conservatives thick a soft target. A cartoon sponge.
On the heels of electoral victories, boring same sex merits. Some influential conservative Christian groups are turning their attention with new target.
The cartoon characters sponge Bob Squarepants.
Do you hear about this story? They're at it again.
You think that the purple tinky winky was evil? Just wait.
Does anybody here know a sponge Bob? Dr. James C. Dobson, the fascist founder of Focus on the Family, asked the guest to the United.
A black tied dinner for members of Congress and political allies to celebrate the election results.
SpongeBob needed no introduction. An addition was popularity among children who watch his cartoon show. He's become a well-known camp figure among adult gay men.
Perhaps because he holds hands with his animated sidekick Patrick and likes to watch the imaginary television show, The Adventures of Mermaid Boy and a Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy.
Now Dr. Dobson said SpongeBob's creators had enlisted him in a pro-homosexual video in which he appeared alongside children's television colleagues like Barney and Jimmy Neutron among many others.
The makers of the video he said planned to mail at 2,000 developmentary schools to promote a tolerance pledge that includes tolerances for differences of sexual identity.
The video's creator, Neil Roger Anniho Rogers, who wrote the disco hit We Are Family, said Mr. Dobson's objections stem from misunderstanding.
Mr. Roger said he found that we are Family Founders after the 9-11 attacks to create a music video to teach children about multiculturalism.
The videos appeared on TV networks and nothing in it or its accompanying materials refers to sexual identity. The plagues borrowed from the Southern Poverty Law Center is not mentioned on the video. It is available only on the group's website.
Mr. Roger suggested that Dr. Dobson and the American Family Association, the Uncious American Family Association, the conservative Christian group that first sounded the alarm, might have been confused because of an unrelated website belonging to another group called We Are Family.
The fact that some people made me upset with each other's lifestyle, that's okay Mr. Roger said we are just talking about respect, like your rethra would say, R-E-S-P-E however else that goes respect.
Mark Barrett Barron-Bress, the foundation's lawyer said critics need medication.
Right, take some drug-eater downers there, James Dobson, you fascist bastard you. On Wednesday however Paul Batura, assistant to Mr. Dobson, focused on the family, said the group stood by the accusation.
We see the video as an insidious means by which the organization is manipulating and potentially brainwashing kids. He said it's a classic bait and swish.
How do you like that? SpongeBob SquarePants is...
Faaaaming! Everyone knows that it's Squidward that's gay.
And these guys are not too happy about that. Is that purple tinky winky, can we still play that?
We sure.
Got only those what he says in there.
Huh? What do you think?
We're along Jerry Paul Wheel on the right hand of God.
And when I woke up on the day I put my TV on and instead of chatting me or CNN, I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head.
It wasn't up to down try angle purple tinky winky.
Up to down try angle purple tinky winky.
Up to down try angle purple tinky winky.
Hey, tell a dubbing.
Where's the last one?
I think you get the last one.
I think we got it.
Well, I think there's something in there. I think he might say like weaners or something like that.
I remember that song by Frankie Evelyn. I'm shocking blue weanest.
So 1113 at 560 WQM on a great Thursday, man. The sun is shining. It's about 100 below zero where I am.
How's it where you are?
Fine. Cool. Study?
Oh.
Oh, we're fine.
Well, that's great.
Yeah, well, I heard people belly again the other day two days ago.
The wind was like down to 52 or something in Miami.
Oh, it's true. 32 or 59 I think it was.
And there was a muffin. Some other...
Oh, gee, it's awful.
And it was like minus 33 windchill here.
I mean, give me a break. Will you please?
Grow up and stop being such a bunch of pansies. Duff.
God.
In fact, right now the temperature is minus 18 Celsius.
I don't know how much that is.
How was I just watching that the bush was not?
Even the...
It was just a tape. Just that.
Even the city post don't have that crap on. Thank God for Canada, man.
Hey, we solve yourself to a better night's sleep this year by calling 1-800 mattress right now because nothing.
And I do mean nothing's got a better impact on your daily health well-being and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you can get one right and for a long, long time to come from dial amacras.
All you have to do is call that toll-free number 1-800 mattress right now.
If your mattress is more than 10 years old or maybe it's noticeably sagging or lumpy, then it's time for a new one.
Choose from a complete line of Celi, service him in King Coral, tempered against her and foster hew it.
Dial amacras take same day orders all day long, or is that all day long from catalyst to it,
Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And like I've been telling you for years and years now,
what an unbeatable delivery deal because they let you pick the date into our delivery window.
So you want your mattress delivered and that's when they show up when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you.
And they're mighty proud of their on-time delivery record 99.7% of the time.
Dial amacras won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local torch award for excellence for years now.
I've been using them and I know that if you want to get a new mattress, this is the only intelligent way to do it because there are no rip offs, no scams, no off-brands.
And best of all, you don't have to even leave the house. So all you have to do is reach over and grab that phone and call them toll-free 1-800 mattress or log on the wicked web at mattress.com.
Dial amacras 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
What just happened there?
Oh, I did it again. I knocked it down about. Must have been Dr. Dopsendon.
Must be an act of God. You see that? And now, well, it won't go backwards.
It's a post.
I think I did it.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
I'm dying of a hand.
Oh, tryin!
No, no synthesis.
Oh, you ride in the magic cast you can ordinary produce.
While feeding out their guns
Why does it look like a animal with Christian superpowers?
Do they always have the fish?
On the tailgate of their truck
Why does it look like a animal with Christian superpowers?
To the sad and heated shit back down I can't imagine
And watch it all down with the twelve-eyed ruffoon
Give a life aboard a top-down, and you'll go
Here it comes
I only fantasize a-fif-your-huh
D siin forever
a good idea for the pool. How about computer games for today's pool?
Sounds good. I guess it's a computer game.
Like, play state games.
A video game? Right, right.
Yeah.
And all of the games have the same thing.
Of course, video games and computer games.
We could put computer slash video games, whatever.
Okay, let's put computer slash video games.
5 seconds left.
End of Detroit penalty.
Okay, that's good, Bob.
Uh, and I, I'll watch anything you write.
I will not watch that inauguration.
I don't want to see one second of it.
I don't want to be reminded of it.
How about the travel channel?
The president is a coronation.
No, we do have the travel channel here.
In fact, I got all kinds of spiffy channels.
I may have been wasting any time with it.
In fact, maybe I'll just go in a living room
and watch my HDTV while you do the show.
That sounds good.
Here's the mechanical chicks.
Sweet. Yep.
Because there's different sizes.
Yeah, there's several different sizes.
Oh, gee, we can't take it into that.
And, uh, who knows what you might be talking about.
What a young and a horny is on the CJOM.
This small space.
Let's see if there's a good show here.
We can just put the audio on so that you can
100 Humpley Street.
Is that about Channel Humpley?
50%...
15% size 10% of the...
Oh, this is a religious freak station.
Then there will be no money in the body of Christ.
And this is why Satan is trying to hit the body of Christ
in the very nerve center,
which is the storehouse, the church.
And God says that there may be food in my house.
Nobody comes into my house and messes with Jesus.
House, he means.
Can you see that promo right now?
Probably the Patriot players will be under.
I had to say before, Josh did.
Yeah, I'm embarrassed by that.
I think that's...
It's just pathetic.
Pathetic.
Nobody comes into our house and pushes us right here.
Well, in their case, it's true, but...
I've been thinking the love language of Eden.
But as...
You know, you're at a panther hockey game
and you're getting blown out,
six-nothing by a Detroit or something.
And they're on the big jumbo tron.
As the big...
Nobody comes into our house and pushes us around.
Except the red wings.
You know, whatever.
Ridiculous.
There's Balance TV.
We fare in a balance.
Mumble, bumble.
Very speedy.
I can't change it.
I'm sure Russell will find them on.
I'm sure you will.
Oh, look at...
I think it's a gay puppet.
Anyway, here's the fact that says,
last week, Paul and Ron,
that's Old Paul and Ancient Ron,
ran a bit that was a flagrant ripoff
of the scene in FATSO,
where they were talking about filling a jelly donut,
which, of course, is one of our very...
How many years have we been playing on this show?
About 30?
At least I would say.
Were they in the feeding plant?
Sucking your like jelly out of a jelly donut?
Yeah, a little guy with chocolate chip ice cream.
I'll take with chocolate chip ice cream is good.
Ringed in...
and chocolate's a bicep.
Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream, even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of a jelly donut?
Oh, God.
What a great movie.
Highly underrated.
Did we ever do that, Paul,
the most underrated movie of all time?
I don't know.
Let's do it.
So, don't kill a couple of weeks.
No, don't you think that's a highly underrated movie?
Very much so.
Anybody I ask, can be seen fatso.
Oh, I didn't see that.
Even though the beast that week that he filled in
tried to get your job.
He was auditioning.
He got the instance of sore and he liked it.
I think every fat person
and every skinny person who lasted us fat people,
you'd have to see it.
Anyway, this affects us as my addiction is meat depressed
despite Tim Russell's
or overly-googly, barbable shy's.
I give up on the Republican
cruel aid drinkers in the Democratic bottom boys.
I'm writing in Volkabrine in 2008.
That'll be great.
I'll write.
Let's hear it.
Volkabrine.
It's my vote.
I still say that this company knew what they were doing
with say they don't.
They'd have Volkabrine on them.
Sometimes, Sloth.
They'd move mad dog four to seven.
They'll get that thing straight and not.
And put Volkabrine on two to four
doing the Amo and Gildi show with his two
characters, even, who are very entertaining.
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
I was very poorly planned out. It was also in violation of my contract. Instead of extending my
deal, what we should have done is sood their ass. But instead, we let them off the hook for
old timesake. That's exactly what we did because by sending this new deal, it kind of like,
cleanses their hands a little bit. It gives me a chance to dissolve. It's my beak, but it cleanses
their hands. I said, how about a little piece for George and a very small piece for George?
A small piece. Piece for the tatayus. They did. WQA, and hello.
QA. It's him. What is that? Is it you?
A detective John Temple.
WQA, I'm Hello. I'm Diabetic. Yeah, okay, good. Good for you. I hope you die with
on the week. WQA, I'm Hello. Neil, please. Go have a court ice cream loser. Yes, sir,
go ahead. I'm sorry. Neil, I want for your poll. Yes, sir. Go ahead.
Strip Club. Strip Club. He's a detective of the strip clubs. He's probably George's fault, too.
Very much. Okay, thank you. Thank you. He's a detective of the strip clubs. Okay,
like seeing what's your name shoot those tap on balls out of her orifice. I think that every time
you walk by a man, it's an orifice in the building that they're both something shooting out the door.
You think I said that? Oh, wait till I get to this door about ruling stone,
refuses to run out for Bible. There's good news tonight, baby. Here's it. And instead of all
other than depressing stuff, in the back, we got this Nazi and for another four years.
Some really good news. There's a little mermaid. It looks like Satan on there with a little mermaid.
The Satanist there in a way to where you look. What channel do they are?
What was that pan the theme for a little mermaid the other day? You were? Yeah.
On those shows. See, here we go. Here we go. See, I didn't know that was a TV show.
It is a TV sound right now.
Oh, there's it.
I can't find it, but if you want, I'll put the invaders in Lost in Space again and maybe even
maybe I'll get those videos that you are trying to tell me what they are. That was so pathetic.
You know, that was just tragic. Now, could that guy have really been serious?
You already know what email Eric and find out if they got really called him in front of me.
Yeah, right. Guys, try to hook us up. Yeah, hook this.
No need to find it. Anyone in it, land ticket to get upset. See, there you go.
Yeah, there's relax up there. A chronic complainer in there. But what's your guy's name
and vocalist? Is it a complainer? Oh, I forgot. Whatever his name is. Vocal complainer.
56670560, pound 560, under Verizon. I've got mad dog at two today. It's just my imagination
that things are all screwed up here. You're listening to the only one of things.
So, what do you think is the most important thing to do?
You think you're going to do it?
Neil Rogers.
I am old. What do you know? What do you say?
I was going to be around here. That's how many times we made it.
I was going to be around here.
Oh no.
Please stop. Do I get hooked, Madam?
Stop right there.
Why are you asking my car? I think you're going to my window on track now.
Why?
I'm on the meantime. I'm on the show. I got no sound.
I'm on the show.
You're not so fast, pal. We pull without your ass.
Not a shakola. You got...
Not a meatball.
Hey, me, you show.
Me, me, me.
You're a self-care.
That's no one wants to wear.
I can feel bad.
I can feel bad.
If I were the one I wanted to raise you,
it would help your whole world.
Please let me down.
I can feel bad.
I can feel bad when I want you down.
I just want to know if you can only find out.
No.
I can't find your remote.
Now you've just got still waiting.
You know, my cash don't come easy.
That's why I can't allow me.
I'm zaskin' for loans.
No, not that young baby fat.
I don't taste man happy.
Not one thing I can call out of me.
That's not what I want.
I can't feel you. You know, Madam, I'm afraid.
I can't feel bad.
I can't find out.
That's not what I want.
That's not what I want.
That's not what I want.
I can't stand you.
No, I can't stand you.
No, I can't stand you.
No, I can't stand you.
No, I can't stand you.
Let me send you again, Lauren.
Everybody in the building hates you like poison.
There must be a pretty good reason for it.
Absolutely.
Okay, 28 till no, even he hates himself.
That's at least he's a part of the group now, right?
Right. He's going along with the parade.
Before we get to the Rolling Stone thing.
And of course there's no surprise in this because this is where these
fascists are coming from.
Now they got their opening man. They got the God squad and they got their hands at the controls.
They're steering it right off the edge of a cliff.
High court asked to overturn Roe versus Wade.
Oh my god.
The woman once known as Jane Roe has asked these Supreme Courts to overturn
and landmark Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion 32 years ago.
Norman McCorvey, whose protest of Texas abortion ban led to the 1973 ruling,
contends that a petition received at court Tuesday that the case should be heard again
in light of evidence that the procedure may harm women.
Now we know so much more and I plead with the court to listen for witnesses and re-evaluate Roe versus Wade
said McCorvey, who says she now regrets her role in the case.
The politically charged issue coming before the court is both sides gurd up for a possible
biter nomination fight over cheap death to the Supreme Court's request replacement
should the ailing justice retire this term.
At least three justice is including.
Rincuist said Roe, Wade, was wrongly decided and should be overturned.
Two lower courts last year through Rad McCorvey's request to have the ruling reconsidered.
But in a strongly rooted concurrence, 50 U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judge Edith Jones
criticized the abortion ruling that's Edith and said new medical evidence may well show
undo harm to a mother and her fetus.
The last major abortion decision by the Supreme Court came in 2000 when the court ruled
five to four to strike down to brass his ban on so-called partial birth abortion
because it failed to provide an exception to protect the mother's health.
Justice is since then if she had a little interest in waiting back at the emotional issue,
they're not waiting in it.
Okay.
Rolling stone, here's the good news.
We have a little bit of good news.
We have booster going to be due to the TV games, right?
Right. Nothing's perfect. We still got Dave Van Boring on the radio.
Which is really a criminal, if you ask me.
That's just uncalled for.
All the great radio broadcasters out here.
Let's get Joangel back. What do you say?
What do you say, Josh?
Huh? You don't know Joangel, do you ever work with him?
No, I never worked with him. Do you meet him?
I haven't. No.
You know about Joangel. Why were you knocking him yesterday because you're not Dave Van Boring?
I'm not knocking him.
Now, how do you want? When I said something about Joangel, there was a long pregnant brother.
I like that he were gagging on it.
In the wind column.
I think we ought to put your ass in the loose column.
I'd be like that.
He doesn't like it, but he's too much of a wister. Come on out and say it.
If you don't like Joangel, go right ahead and say it.
I didn't like him.
You don't like him making fun of him. He didn't say in the wind column like that.
Let's hear it again.
In the wind column.
Anybody ever said Josh, for this and Jeff Garcia together?
Wow. Say that.
It's so great.
Don't say that again.
Bad for your image.
Rolling Stone refuses to run ad for the Bible.
The God Squad. They're out of control, man.
They want to shove Jesus right down your throat.
Rolling Stone magazine declined to run an advertisement for a new translation of the Bible aimed at young people
so they can continue their brainwashing.
The nation's largest Bible publisher said Wednesday.
And of course to believe any of that crap you got to be stolen.
So why not buy Rolling Stone and read about that, right? Read all about it and roll it up into Rolling Stone.
Sonder van, a division of HarperCollins publisher's bought space in the magazine.
Months ago as part of an ad campaign for today's new international version, said Dr. Lockhart.
Sonder van's executive vice president of marketing.
Last week we were surprised and certainly disappointed that Rolling Stone had changed their mind and rejected our ad.
To all I can only say, how do you?
God bless Rolling Stone. I'm going to get a subscription right now.
A telephone message you can comment was left yesterday at the New York headquarters of Winter Media LLC publisher Rolling Stone.
But of course, they're mum.
Lockhart said Sonder van based in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Paid Winter Media last July to run the ad in February when the Bible is doing bookshelves.
They knew it improved Bible for young people with fewer fairy tales and more, I don't know, more rap music.
Oh, it's dropping like it's hot.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm watching the sad.
I'm a little bit reluctant to put that on the air though because.
Yeah, that is true.
Well, you never know what they're going to say.
No, I know exactly what they're going to say. So don't do it.
Okay. Well, how about like the, let's see one moment please.
What about the, what's that oldies MTV thing?
Oh, I don't know.
You know, one.
Oh, much, uh, much more ultra video.
We don't wait on that.
What's kiss?
You're not kiss, but we stayed in a holiday and express last night.
On Tuesday, USAB they quoted Kent Brownbridge, the general manager of Winter Media, saying his staff first saw the ad copy last week and said we are not in the business of publishing advertising for religious messages.
Good for you, Kent.
Lockhart said the ad features a contemplative looking young man and includes this copy in a world of almost endless media noise and political spin.
You wonder where you can find real truth.
Well, now there's a source that's accurate, clear and reliable.
It's the TNIV, today's new international version of the Bible.
It's written in today's language for today's times and it makes more sense than ever.
Media outlets that agreed to carry the ad include Modern Bride, the onion, MTV.com and AOL.
Lockhart said AOL iCNN.com is a unit of time, more of the reason they put that on their face on the scene on a website.
They have to clarify that and they'll take just about anybody's money unless they're liberal.
Here's a fact from Joe and Holly with us as well.
Watching channel 10 news this morning and it kept showing a close up of the handwritten police report of the arrest of Simpson's daughter.
Sydney, she's got a name now Joe.
Sydney. Love Sydney. Tony Randall by.
I don't know. I can look at that.
I think he got to be still making babies in the middle of the report.
You can clearly see FU handwritten in the report.
All right. Uh oh. Now what's the channel 10 channel 10? Bye bye license baby.
Don't let the monitor find out about that.
They'll not only shave off the white Lutterdale's mustache again.
They'll like start shaving at the neck.
They showed a few times I even put it out to my wife.
So I guess you can show it on TV in the news case. You just can't say it.
As a status as they satisfy my internet.
What is this man?
I'm a little bit a little bit here Joe.
My internet addiction I began talking to many of the other sites daily polls.
What's, are you reading this?
I tried to.
Wow. Hey Joe.
Look up a little. I'll no longer have a NEO audience would answer this poll P-O-L-E.
So for a poll ID you may want to use a poll from some other site like CNN.
Not telling you.
I don't need to do that Joe.
Wait, Daddy.
You're not gonna be stealing a lot of the people's polls.
Plus most of those polls are worth it so poorly anyway.
And boys.
What's better? Why for death?
What the, when is it for every day?
For every night time.
Which is bigger. The son of the cockamoo.
You know what kid I outta here.
What should you put on first?
Yeah, the baby crap polls that they take on CNN and MSNBC.
Give me a break.
Come on Joe. You're doing real well to the got there. Plus your scrolling blows.
So Rolling Stone put stuff.
Let's say everybody subscribed to Rolling Stone just this way of saying thank you to them.
We're saying no to Jesus.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
You're the same thing to me, Roger.
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
Your book?
You're the only one bringing people to things like that.
Apost Tropical, repeating for repeated reasons.
uration is fucking good idea.
The sunshine.
You are the empty space, with the masterpiece.
They shouldn't have been on here in the first place of these people at any brains, which they don't.
Secondly, I don't want to go through the whole thing. I've been through it too many times.
I'm trying to pacify that crowd. Forget about it. You know? You're picking it on a Howard. You can't do that.
You want a bet? WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello. This is Francis. How you doing, man?
Okay, Francis. Francis, you're here?
Well, I wish I was.
No, he's been in here.
Two things. Number one, my wife says you're going to sue you for introducing us to a score ice cream.
Oh, good. Oh, great stuff.
You're talking about two people who hated ice cream. We tried that, and now we're going to be big fat tubs.
Oh, yeah. Well, join the club.
Oh, well, the second thing is from IOT, what ever happened to Jennifer Lynn?
Oh, and he's got to remember.
She was in, what do you mean if anybody remembers? She was in Palm Beach at J&O, I think.
And then she said,
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No, she got that voice.
You know what, she heard George?
Last we heard she was in Palm Beach doing stuff.
She's doing stuff in TV and radio and whatever.
Whatever, she's fine. She's still around.
Well, I'm glad to hear that.
I'm glad to hear that. At least some people are doing okay.
And this got it for second country of ours.
And this horrible business of ours, right?
Oh, well. Yeah.
Oh, forget this is the life we have chosen, man.
Have a great day, pal. Thank you.
Okay, I hope you score.
Oh, score ice cream. Why don't he start there?
That's very bad. What he is doing to me.
Pay back.
Yeah, it's a bitch.
Now, you already said you have had that.
Right.
I'm thinking of a score ice cream with like hot fudge on it.
Oh, yeah, just climb into the box and eat it.
And I'm thinking more like in a bathtub.
I got a world pool here.
Just remember, somebody's going to have to haul your carcass out of there.
And that's okay.
But I have to make a smile on my push.
Oh, boy, a whole bathtub full of score ice cream would like...
Not just regular hot fudge, but like hot hot fudge.
Let me just tell you one thing, all you kids up in it.
This crap they try to pass off as hot fudge today.
If it isn't hot, then it's not hot fudge.
It's just like chocolate sauce.
So they do have the stuff that you microwave now.
I know, man.
Oh, like I don't know that stuff.
You're talking about ice cream.
The sport man do it kind of swear.
Are you crazy?
They do have this stuff that you might throw away.
Yeah, I forgot.
They start to sound more like Marvin the raw man every day now.
Oh, yeah.
Boy, oh boy.
What a...
I can give you lessons on ice cream.
Do you give me her an ice cream?
Did you get her an ice cream?
Did you get her an ice cream?
Did you get her an ice cream?
Did you get her an ice cream?
No.
I'm not just into ice cream.
I'm obsessed.
I'm obsessed.
Can they?
Okay, like sugar is the thing on my addiction, and I put on the list.
But, you know, it depends on what form it is.
So much where I certainly wouldn't have it in soda.
In other words, if I ever...
If I...
If somebody gave me a regular coconut instead of a dark coconut,
that's our gagging, because it's so damn sweet.
Yeah, yeah.
Which I don't understand that, because I could sit down and eat a half a gallon of ice cream.
Faster than you can say, but that's good.
I could.
I'm not that I eat a half a gallon.
I would say anywhere from a pint to a quart, depending on how depressed I am based on the listation.
I'm going to sue Greg Reed for an ice cream.
What would you call that?
Ice cream aggravation.
Okay.
Yeah, death by aggravation, man.
It's just like Hank was saying that when you're diabetic, there's nothing worth in stress.
Stress kills.
Keep that in mind that Dimwood up there, Ron, Prozac Ron.
Stress kills.
So we're going to look at Bratzie stand outside your door with a shotgun,
and just keep pacing back and forth until you croak with your blood sugar about 600.
Prozac Ron.
I think it's about time to lasso him, don't you?
Or something.
He was currently using for about 10 seconds, but at this point.
Other than sex, what do you consider your number one addition?
marijuana, the wacky weed, the guy in Juman 53, alcohol 51, pornography 46, cigarettes 43,
junk food 43.
Taco Bell.
Taco Bell sounds pretty good.
Sugar 31.
I thought that would be higher.
I guess it's only me.
Like the guy said, it's the only one who believes that.
Sugar.
I don't think other people believe it, but other people have other addictions.
I see.
We don't have 24.
I don't have any 23 perfect people better than ours.
Oh, well, we don't believe you anyway.
Television 21, sport 17, neo-rodger 15, obsessed, caffeine 15, computer-sized video games 10,
although it's computer-dash video games.
I don't know.
Whatever.
I like this slash better.
That's what OJ said.
Gambling 8, cigars 8, cocaine 7, complaining 6, heroin 4, and that's our crowd.
Religion 2, strip pumps 1, fitness 1, and chat rooms 1.
Out of 434 votes.
Everybody's got one except those.
Hold your hand.
How many were there?
Let's see.
23 people.
I don't have any addictions.
Right.
Which is like saying, I'm perfect.
I'm like, you know, I got willpower.
I'm not fat.
You know, I can't stand people who aren't fat.
Well, I do like people who aren't fat in a different way.
You know what I'm talking about?
People who aren't fat who are like judge metal.
Just push it away.
All the favorite cliches of, you know, some people who've got the right genes and probably
eat more than I do, they're never getting an ounce.
Just push it away.
Just eat smaller portions.
All this other crap.
You know, like every five minutes, now on TV, they got a new diet and they got the new
answers and all this other crap.
And they got these stupid ass diet dishes.
The same one I've been on for the last 20 years.
Well, we've been getting fatter and fatter and fatter and dying from it.
And we're applying our arteries and they're giving us a new solid and Dr. Pupta there on CNN
who wouldn't always ask from your elbow when it comes to fat.
They know nothing about it.
Speaking of fat, Michael Moore's bodyguard arrest on an airport gun charge.
Filmmaker Michael Moore's bodyguard was arrested for carrying an unlicensed weapon in New York's
JFK airport last night.
Police took Patrick Burke, who says more employers him in the custody after he declared he was carrying a firearm at a ticket counter.
Burke is licensed to carry a firearm in Florida and California, but not in New York.
Burke was taken to Queen's central booking and could potentially be charged with a felony for the incident.
Moore's 2003, Yadi Yadi Yadi, Voting for Column by Criticizes what Moore calls the Mercur's Culture of Fear and Obsession with Guns.
And there's a point there to be made, I guess.
Of course, this is on the Fox News website.
So there's like a little shot there.
So to speak, a little shot from Fox News.
But, you know, if you're going to have a bodyguard, he's going to have what good is it if he's not armed, right?
Right, especially when your enemies are a bunch of gun-toed lunatics.
That's correct. A bunch of Bible-fucked gun-toed lunatics would mean nasty dogs, pit bulls and whatever else.
White. And through hours.
5.6.705.60.
Oh, and then an operation has come out of the 9 minutes. Are we going to carry that?
No, we're just going to have him say.
Abuga, Abuga, Abuga, Abuga, Abuga, Abuga, Abuga, Abuga, Reb.
A hundred times.
We don't want to hear the bush, Maestro. Okay. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to hear about it.
What is this crap?
How about your pardon? What is this crap you're unleashing on us?
Well, in other words, you rather hear the inauguration than this?
Okay. I don't want to be a bug. Okay. I'll show you a line. Okay.
I'm like, in my eyes.
What do you want?
I'm like, in my eyes.
Here's a look at it.
How's that? Better? How's this?
Okay.
Ooh. I mean, it's that one.
Alia. Is it?
How's she doing?
Still doing.
I wonder about how to make it.
And there's always...
How's that?
Okay. That'd be a present inauguration. We're going to play all this crap today.
Big improvement. Oh, and by the way, just in case you forgot,
much of the world thinks Bush is dangerous. A wide majority of people questioned
in a BBC World Service Global opinion poll published, believe that
US President George W. Bush has made the world more dangerous.
And of course, they are almost half of the nearly 21,000 people in 21 countries
are responded to the poll also made. No distinction between the Bush administration and America itself.
See, that's the problem. We'll get a bad name because of the Bushmeister.
They saw US influence in the world as largely negative and beautiful.
And the American is negatively as well.
In other countries, pulled was their support for contributing troops to Iraq.
Negative feelings about Bush are high and are generalizing to the American people who
reelected them since Stephen Cull, directed the program on international policy attitudes
at the University of Maryland, which carried out the poll in collaboration with the International
Polling Company Global Scan.
This is quite a grim picture for the US, he said.
Yeah. For us as in US.
In Senate for you. In Senate confirmation hearings, Bush is nominee a Secretary of State
Condolees, a rise to the ignobs the need for more diplomacy and for the building of alliances.
He said the UN interaction with the world must be a conversation on a monologue.
I think that meant to say US, but it says UN.
But typically, one British contributor to the World Service website wins.
They said Bush's reelection means more pollution, more war, more social injustice,
especially in America. He asked whatever happened to the freedom-loving,
forward-thinking, right-minded people that made America the envy of the rest of us.
Oh, how well he said that, right? Love it.
On average across all countries, the BBC poll indicated that 58% of people believe Bush's reelection
has made the world more dangerous, only in three countries polling the course that they've always had problems.
India and the Philippines was their own majority of support for Bush.
And the Indians, man, they got the brains a little scrambled after a couple weeks ago.
But even in traditionally US allies, such as Germany, France and Britain, as well as in neighboring Canada and Mexico,
a sentiment was predominantly anti-Bush, anti-Bush.
In Turkey, US ally and the only Muslim-Number of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization,
82% of those polls said Bush's reelection was negative in world peace, and they are...
Absolutely correct.
...antibus sentiment was also strong in Latin America, with 79% of those polls in Argentina,
and 78% in Brazil describing his reelection in negative terms.
Absolutely correct.
...in the poll, which took place from November 15 to January 5, between 518 hundred people were surveyed in each country,
and the Audi Audi had in the portion of Turkey.
The rest of the world is scarce crapless of Bush. How do you like that?
They're scared of the America, because they know, they're on to them.
They realize that, and of course there's a ran business, they're rattling their spears,
and our ran is starting to say, hey, you better watch it, you better watch out, you better not pout.
Stuff like that, isn't that what they're saying?
Something like that.
Wow.
Oh, and of course, with those big elections coming up in just 10 days, on January 5,
Intelligence sources estimate 150 car bombings and 250 suicide attacks are planned.
I had a Iraq elections at the end of this month on January 5,
...a top Iraqi police official told CNN today,
the information came to light during interrogations of recently detained insurgents.
Don't you love that word, the insurgents, yeah, we just made that up.
Who said targets of the attacks would include election centers and other locations without being specific.
Responding to the report, the US military spokesman said,
this is the trend we've been expecting is being closer to the election, a lot of people are going to die.
But you know, if you want to fight for your freedom, you've got to die.
Right?
Isn't that what it was all about?
Freedom is what we were talking about.
Freedom is what we were talking about.
So we can help these people fight for their freedom and die until we were told they get named.
The warnings came a day after four suicide car bomb attacks in and around Baghdad killed at least 25 Iraqis and the bombers.
Several Islamic websites published claims of responsibility for all four bombings,
but the terrorists never fled by Jordanian born Abu Moussaqbal Zirqawi who has ties to al-Qaeda.
Abba Al-Tuzihan said, well, we know that.
We know all about these elements.
Unabama Grande, Unabama Pakenia Yaviyadeyadi, Unapartures and Prietries.
They're just dying over their like flies because we're doing a fine job.
And of course, if we can't even get to job then if we don't have enough troops on the ground in Iraq,
how about we go into Iran and Libya and Syria and Egypt and North Korea and Saudi Arabia and Canada?
You must need some new Rogers.
Yes, we'll see.
On 5.60pm.
And just sitting around the house with not much to do, I got new Rogers on the radio and hey, what do you know?
It's the way you call it there. 12 to 1 hour.
We're about 10 years too late.
Yeah, that's when things were great.
When things was president, okay, was innocent.
But we could still see France and Pakistan, but it barely had an internet.
And there was no spin yet.
Never heard about being laughing.
Wall Street was always in a mess.
We spoke about my time and not about finger text.
And all that great music.
Yeah, you could take your pick.
Like it was said from God no cell phones.
No ring shows, no.
I saw it's like no racist or a hoody.
That granny was a cutie.
There was a land that's more than an Julius West from love.
It's a fucking, we're smashing the field's tragic gashms.
But nothing quite feels right since.
1919, 1991.
1991.
You know where Brian and Whitney, they beat the pims up Britney.
We still had some teasers.
But also there was with your Emily and Sophie.
She's been hawking.
Yeah, she was good for coughing.
I wonder if she survived that.
1995.
2004, your sucks next year will have more love.
I can see it now.
I bet they'll cure Matt Hale.
Might even fight a cure for that guy might for more.
When you feel you're SUV.
That gas will all be free.
Even when push cut dark taxes.
Death and death will still go down.
And rather will not use taxes.
Osama will be found.
I know there will be bees throughout the Middle East.
All this will graduate and careerise will be.
Sounds great, please let it be a great year.
I sure hated this year.
Don't need wars or elections.
And no more flu infections TV will be.
Cleaner and start on food be a leader.
Let's all look up.
The price I didn't 2000.
2005.
Prova one of five 60 WN2.
I'm getting to the Mojaro David show 4 to 7.
Just a wait for a lot because I'm the only one who believes that.
And we've got hurricane stuff.
Why is it even an ad bit?
It's so politically correct now in America to take a gratuitous shot at Michael Morrigan.
notice right well because uh... there yeah just like when that that this last year
but here before when you made the acceptance speech uh... for boy for column
line and they're all booing in not all of them but a lot of booing and his
home you can say that well why not why don't we respect somebody it's got a
pair of big balls and tells it exactly the way was there was absolutely nothing
uh... incorrect about what he said and there are plenty of other uh... actors
and actresses and directors and producers and uh... uh... celebrity type
people who've taken that opportunity to get up there and open up a mouth what's
that when people are innocent people are dying uh...
all of you can say that is a rattling a spirit and make a trouble and causing
a stirrup the crap making waves
god what about your whos is man this is the problem american student about
the jellyfish fifty percent of the country just roll over and uh... this
died that's all do whatever you want to us man we enjoyed stick it to us
what about that quality of the day keeps dropping the box of soap
means one thing if you drop it like an ivory soap and a
plan a package you know what it's like a box
yeah like far
we're sending a couple cases of that
that it would be so by the way we tried to say i've got
that the body wash but why not
i got it mean you haven't seen it i haven't seen it
get out of here you go in any like a wall green's now or cbs and you know
eighty five million different flavors and colors in a body wash
soap is out man it's not a pansy thing either
soap is out
soap is germs and hair and crap and it's like a large it's like wash away
it's like putting a bunch of chicken soup in a refrigerator and letting all
the fat go to the top and then like
grab it and slap it off a handful of fat and then taking a shower with it
like a lot
what's that what's that soap it's like lava do you ever use a lot of soap i have
like shower with pumice
with a rock cut pumice it it doesn't really sure oh my god like scraping your
your cells off i guess the way to scrape it it sells off
sure and some of the live ones too now we're not going to get any calls from
novel to because i'll present these on and i'm not turning on for a second
i'd rather hear that
delete talent
you don't have any but what i doubt it
no well that's his name i can't help it but we'll see if we can like fake our
waste here i got seventy five thousand more bedtime stories here which will
never get to all of them
but uh... you have to do the best we can under very difficult circumstances
because it's an operation day in lot of us just uh... are just
p in our pants over this development now it's it's just in can that kind of
talk about that the pool that's a good idea this one obviously win hands down
it's not always
law sided polls
that bush could get reelected as a matter of fact let me go back to that page
again on our website on the world famous neo-region dot com don't forget we
got yet another picture of carmel of the c-serol looks like the same one to me
it's got that airbrush naval i don't care looks like it to me
i know every inch of that body now i'm the one to discover her what am i looking for
i'm looking for that uh... thing from the uh... daily mirror
as uh... we got the uh... picture of jesus we got alfred uh... but we have bush
looking at it all there it is from the london daily mirror
the four years more of w an area is with that stupid stupid natural idiotic
look on his face looking like uh... deer in the headlights
how can fifty nine million fifty four thousand eighty seven people be so dumb
is what it says
yeah i have that on that website forever just as a reminder that there are almost
sixty million people in america don't have a box of rocks never been sought
us some of the comes in a just lie through their teeth they set off a whole
bunch thousands of people to be killed based on a pack of lies
look at the difference man look at the difference in the way media treated
the monica thing and uh... and uh... Kenny star and all that clinton gate all
that crap and even whitewater which are not to be a tempest and a p-pot
as opposed to this guy with this illegal phony worded is a doing based on lies
and the only time you really hear about that is either in a michael moron movie
or when barber boxer opened up her mouth that the confirmation hearings of the day
which by the way unless some democrats have their way conglomerate expected to be
confirmed the secretary of state when the center meets today
after two days and eleven hours of often contentious hearings they set up for
relations committee approved by the system sixteen to two wins they
despite reservations of some democrats who want a voting for it
the two descending votes came from democrats barber buster california and john
carry a massive choices a little bit too late now john
now that the horse is out of the bar in seventy five miles down the road now all of
a sudden he's trying to butcher up a little bit but it means that i will
i choose to vote my concerns not to overlook them i choose to vote my gut not
custom carry center in a committee meeting that preceded the vote
carry called rice president bush's national security advisor one of the
principal architects of policies that he said have made the united states less
secure and he's right on that but he shouldn't sell it too well during the
election meanwhile sources on capital hill said some democrats plan to make a
symbolic protest by trying to delay the vote on rice's nomination when the center
means a three to seven-year-old three hours after the inauguration the uh... the
coronation of king bush aid said boxer and robber bird or west virginia plan to
give long speeches opposing the nomination in effort to extend the debate till
seven p.m. when the inaugural balls begin and they certainly don't want to be
extended that when the ball start right right last thing you want to do is
extend it over the the inaugural balls the aid said boxer and bird hopes some
g.o.p. members will not want to stay in debate the nomination and the vote will be
pushed back to next week was so what's that going to accomplish
while acknowledging that rice will be confirmed eventually some democrats want
to show that they're ready to fight the president's second term i made
grumbling that party leaders didn't stand up to bushness first term so we got
to have now that that's a really strong showing isn't it
wow take Kennedy and on this christine no uh... respite gold no Joe Biden he's
by this time no do you leave her men no of course not no no he's just a rubber
he's just a right-winger in drag it's all here
when you say that you leave her in the drag he sure was a drag on algor for years
it was a lot of that drag right out of the feet dragged him down into flames of
the feet okay even the defcarcy it was never was fine
that whole election debacle man another one should have been a landslide should
have been a no-brainer eight great clinton years you know forget about the
blue dress eight years of happiness and prosperity for everybody and algor
picks july remanial i can say that is what a lunatic
wd q a hello
male that can get sir that known happy coordination day
oh god um... one comment bill a riley said the only person that
the only people at the attention to boxers people in the far left
yet he's been twenty minutes
fashion her yesterday on a show what do you expect uh... i know he's
pandering his crowd of uh... windowsys what do you expect i didn't say it's
got some that you have a good afternoon on the issue why were you watching
uh... it's like uh...
like a train wreck you know and
you gotta hear both sides of it you know
you know i don't know your body all that he's gonna say get out you gotta
hear both uh... you know something there are fewer things in the world and
make me more sick the worst limbal people i mean i can understand if you are
one of his sick of fans fine listen to him embrace him squeeze him send him
some pills whatever you want you know sent him a card to congratulate him on his
the eighty fifth wedding to darren kagan what do we want to do but they got to
hear both sides that's facing another bill or riley sick of that man you know
you just can't turn it off get out of town with a crack i wouldn't waste two
seconds listening watching thinking about and the same with limbaugh oh but we
want to hear both sides like you don't know you just got to tell you how
predictable was they spent twenty minutes bashing barba boxer like you had
to turn it on to know that was going to happen right it's like it's like
check it out the fudge report to find out that miss fudge is written another
uh... lethwing bashing a column okay
fashion anybody to look at the till of the hunt because richard melonscape is
paying the freight and these uh... he's a sell out faggot miss uh... fudge
well you think they call them fudge anyway i want to get that
we're just talking about it fudge well i like that i haven't got no hot fudge
hot fudge and fudge are definitely not the same thing correct
fudge is two of oh yeah well i'm sure like almost every model like i am
confectionary store a fudgery yeah the fudge we like that one in the Detroit
right at one of his work in like eighty five different jobs that the one that
declarks uh... the fudgery when that the name of it in the north carolino
where we go where he's delivered they have a really fine country you can watch
the make it right there for you
all but but but you by the end of that it's so sick and you see it
all god there are going to be a i like sweet okay i like sweet food
but fudge is just two damn sweet
now i said brownie that's another story for one of the brownie on that nice
warm hot fresh brownie i'm not talking about prefabricated you know
no brownie with a ice cream on top of it then you put it in the microwave
a brownie with score ice cream on top in a big bowl melted in the microwave
yeah in fact you know what uh... misses fields cookies right uh... which they
got one in the eating center by the way uh... yeah they got those big square
fresh brownies you know and that would be great like in a big bowl with about four
scoops of score ice cream on it and then some hot fudge on top of the whole thing
and like all melted together in the microwave just remember i get your ashes
and
and lesser by and the very least if i can it dot i can talk about her okay
dot i don't think the ionut
also a little you're like right up against the edge of it been
you are uh... is pases again
there's~) carma
acts as long as five sixty dot makeup
Did you earn less than 50 grand last year?
Well, if the answer is yes, how sad, you know?
You could be doing a lot better than that.
And the only way to do it is get a career change.
And one of the smart ways to change your career
is to get some skills in training
by picking up that phone and call our friends at Fast Train.
At 866 Fast Train.
Fast Train can have your train ready for that new
high-paying career in as little as four short months.
Fast Train offers high-demand high-paying career training.
If you like computers, and if you ever even thought about
becoming a computer network professional,
just make that easy call and change your life forever.
Start getting a big fat one on the paycheck too.
Call Fast Train tool three at 866 Fast Train.
The demand for computer professionals right now
is at an all-time high.
And like I said, Fast Train can have your train
ready for that new career in no time at all.
Fast Train's got locations all over town
so no matter where you live in South Florida,
there's about to be one close by you.
They're in Miami, Kendall, Pemberpides, and Fort Lauderdale.
I wonder how Captain Kendall's doing.
Fast Train offers job placement and financial aid
for guys who qualify day evening
weekend classes forming now too.
So get off that dead end you run right now
and hop out of the Fast Train boat.
Call Fast Train today at 1-866 Fast Train.
You're watching the video, Rogers.
It's exclusively on 560-7AM.
Okay.
See you walk outside my office.
Your butt cheeks patch my eyes.
They're so tight in the firm and perky.
Practice comes.
You ask about the beat, leaving the lips, smells like just grass gas,
where the cheer comes to my eye, and I'll move up, or the squite some f,
the squite some f, and I want to thank you,
I'm out of the first day of my life,
I'm out of the first day of my life,
I'm out of the first day of my life,
I'm out of the first day of my life,
I'm out of the first day of my life,
I hear when they up hope, they knocked the yeast or some day service,
that is quite so mad.
Come September 15 to 560, nobody queue,
I'm happy Thursday, to be welcome to the world famous Neil Rogers Show.
So, Il Papa is going to be on the show a little bit later on the Pope,
he's going to say,
Oh, don't be talking about the Holy Father there,
all of a sudden one day, and he blowed a little smoke in there,
and the guy who was just another Polo,
all of a sudden he's like, oh, he's got the bat line to guard,
and now he's the, it is it was, it is it way or right.
Like I said, I know he's old, but I don't think he was around those days.
Maybe I'm wrong, it is as it was my ass.
Chris and Fort Lauderdale says,
I was encouraged to see that Iraqis installed a Steadly Art Computer Voting System
for their upcoming elections.
Iraqis may have to dodge an insurgents on their way in,
but they won't be voting for Papu Canaan by mistake at least.
Maybe those invertebrates know how it can learn a thing or two,
with quiet dignity, Chris and Fort Lauderdale,
well guess what Chris, that's a bad word for you, maybe because,
Ohio's U.O.P Attorney General launches revenge attack on election protection legal team.
See, just like Kerry said, you know,
when they, then of course, every time they heard him saying something
that was true and faulty, like, oh well, I didn't really mean that,
you know, when he talked about these at a most rotten, nasty, dirty,
you know, meaning the right wing, the Neocons.
In a stunning legal attack, Ohio's Republican Attorney General has moved for a censure
against the four attorneys who sued George W. Bush at all
in an attempt to investigate the book I states bitterly contested election.
Robert Fattrakis, Susan Truett, Cliff Arnebeck,
and Peter Kowski were named by Attorney General James P. Crow.
I wonder if he's keen to nick P. Crow the Jackie from New England.
In a filing video, Ohio Supreme Court,
P. Crow charges the November Moss versus Bush and Moss versus Moyer
filings by the election protection legal team were frivolous.
P. Crow is demanding official censure and fines.
How do you like that? We're fined.
Oh, we're fined.
Instead of evidence, contestors offered only theory,
conjecture hypothesis and infectivity of Attorney General's January 18 and one support of the suit said.
A contest proceeding is not a toy for idle hands.
It's not to be sued to make a political point or to be used as a discovery tool
or to be used to inconvenience or harass public officials or to be used as a publicity gimmick.
But Cliff Arnebeck says it's been Peter and Ohio's partisan Republican Secretary
of State, Jake Kenneth Blackwell, who have stolen all the election challenge legal proceedings.
Both have refused to submit any evidence to the court to refute the allegations
in the election challenge case claiming George Bush did not win a major win in Ohio
and Peter's office is also refused to allow any Ohio public election official to be imposed.
Their cage has been rattled and they popped their cork, Arnebeck said.
The chairman of the Ohio Republican Party is going berserk because he can't stand the fact that we're not going away.
We're still pursuing the legal investigation and the legal interrogations.
They're just beside themselves because they can't withstand cross-examination.
And he happens to be...
Absolutely correct sir.
Peter is filing his widely viewed as revenge for the heavy toll taken by grassroots activists on the credibility of the Ohio GOP
and Peter's core-hurt Secretary of State Blackwell.
Spurred by the lawsuit in extensive coverage at freepress.org and other websites
and by a nationwide grassroots campaign that was escalated by Revolgesse Jackson
and a series of public hearings around Ohio and in Congress.
Some three dozen senators and representatives mounted on the first ever challenge-to-states
electOf college delegation.
You've all boys and girls, go get them.
Or guess who one of them was?
Senator Barbara Boxer.
She's the gal man. She's the man.
Barbara Boxer for president and Barack Obama for VP.
All right.
Eight years for Barbara, eight years for Barack.
How's that sound?
Beautiful.
I'll carry a little bit.
I mean, see, I'm not going to talk about it.
It gets me too depressed.
Like in 1988 when George Herbert Walker Bush, and the big knock on him was he was so wimpy.
Wimpy died, but yeah.
Wimpy Bush.
And then, who are the Democrats picked?
A guy who could outwimp him.
Michael Dukaka.
Telling you they're in on it.
I think the fix was in, man.
If you did a nation-a worldwide search to find a wimpy or guide in George Herbert Walker Bush,
you could only find Michael Dukaka, Joe Lieberman.
Oh, wow. He wasn't around them doing much.
He was busy in shul.
They go following president.
Look at that full man.
The inauguration is on right now.
We don't have one call on that board right now.
Look at that.
Once the last time we saw this on this show, that's because they're all day.
Oh, brother.
You people really give me.
We're trying to give you an alternative.
We're trying to give you something different to grab on to.
AirBTV station.
Even on your pop-up toast announced got the coronation crap going on.
5, 6, 7.
I'll give the numbers out once that I'm going to play a non-stop crap.
I'm going to play that music.
I'm going to hide this is right on there.
No, it's Disney's child, which I can't stand this,
it's a Disney's child.
5, 6, 7, 05, 16.
I'll just see something here.
You have the phones working.
A pound, 5, 60, and a Verizon and a Singular Robots line.
There is not one call on that board.
What I've said, and that's the age is a few minutes ago,
that see they talk a good game.
They talk a real good game.
Oh, well, I want to hear what both sides have to say.
Get out of here.
Go put your head up, Bill or Raleigh's butt, okay?
Spin it around a few times.
Put it on the spin cycle.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that thing with, I'm kind of leaves it right the other day.
The thing, yeah.
My wife gets to work for a police department.
And that's how criminals react.
They'll sit there and they'll lie, and then we give evidence to them.
They're like, why are you questioning my integrity?
How do you do that?
How there are you?
You have a lawyer.
That's hard as a, she kept getting more and more bitter.
I thought you could see the steam coming out of her ears.
That's how criminals act.
And that's how the full administration acts.
And you know how people can't see it is beyond me.
Another thing is real quick.
I know when you're on a hiatus about five years ago, they had the inquiry about what happened
in Rwanda, you know that movie's coming out, right?
Hotel Rwanda.
You know who the UN blamed on it?
How much then?
They blamed the Catholic church and the Anglican church of England for it.
They're the ones that were behind the priest and the non-s and everybody going, go forth and kill your enemies.
Because they were not Catholics, the truthies.
By the truthies, man.
That's what it came down to.
And there was this, there's a little pair of rats in the paper.
And I should have been all over the place as far as I concerned.
Because there was a good example of Christian hate if you want to call it that.
Amen.
Hey, Christian hate, that's where it's at, baby.
Christian hate, just ask the Reverend Dobson and our buddy in for a lottery deal there.
Yeah, that's the cornerstone of their ability.
The answer, Dr. Kennedy.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, here.
I'll see you at the border.
I'll see you at the Peace Bridge for a peace.
567 for a peace for the Tatiglia.
Peace for Abudzini if he was still alive.
Now, let's see, he was already dead by that time, right?
Yeah.
Abudzini.
Well, let me ask you, oh, the Tatiglia family, the survivors.
Right.
Inortataglia.
We hit through that Tatiglia.
Fear clock this morning.
567, 0560.
Town 560.
I just can't stop thinking about that movie.
It's like, I'm not really sure which I'm more obsessed with.
Is ice cream or the Godfather?
At least the Godfather won't, you know, make you, won't kill you.
Won't put any big fat around you.
I know, but you forgot my last.
You forgot my last.
Of course, somebody like me who's obsessed with sugar,
I can always find something, you know, food with a Godfather.
It leaves a good.
Take it to the Holy Spirit.
Of course.
Oh, that chocolate covered in Holy, they have a Doris market.
Have you ever had one of those?
Yeah, it's better fact.
To die for.
Oh, right in the hood.
We go to the office.
Mm-mm, mm-mm.
My, my, my, as somebody would say.
W.A.M. Hello.
Is this 560?
560 W.Q.A.M.s, you got it, man.
What can we do for you?
Do you really believe all this liberal nonsense that you spoke?
Yeah.
You do.
Yeah.
I mean, the, the U.N. is okay.
If the conspiracy with Tukakis, I mean, come on.
When I say something about the U.N., who said anything about the U.N.?
Right, that, this last, this last genius said that the U.N.
blamed the Anglicans for the Wanda.
Yeah.
And we know that's more Muslims doing that crap than Anglicans.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
Is that it?
Sure.
What do you say?
What do you say?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
I'm not a bullsh...
I just want to know a rational liberal argument based on facts.
A rational liberal argument of what?
You say Iraq is nonsense.
We know they have weapons.
We sold them to them.
We have the receipt.
So as weapons and the inspecters, those weapons were already destroyed years ago,
did we sell them here?
Oh, come on.
And by the, by the way, you make a very good case just like that.
Barbara Boxer said they had they had to come to Liza.
Those weapons that they were gassing the, the curds with their own people.
Who sold them those weapons?
Who was over there?
Who was over there shaking.
And then they could say, I'm who stands hand in 1983.
Of course, we were.
We were also giving weapons to Iran.
That's the way the war was.
And so what are we screaming about?
They had weapons.
What are we screaming about them?
What's the problem?
It's like a child, that's bad.
They have big money in toilet.
Let me tell you something, pal.
You can put the truth right in front of your face and the way it wouldn't hurt you, okay?
It could smack you right in the head.
And you still, it wouldn't have any sense.
You just believe any crap, talk about propaganda, man.
Any crap they spew the, and you're just a bind-align.
Turn on Bill O'Rali or rush and get out of my face, okay?
You don't need to hear what this side is saying.
Go over to the other side where you belong.
The dark side.
The dark side.
They're evil to reside.
And crack down on me that, but how come he's not watching the coronation right now?
If you're so upset with our liberal propaganda on the show, how come you're not watching the coronation of King George the Turret?
No, he was in his car, he's driving around.
Yeah, oh yeah, right.
Give me a break.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Tom, do we really believe it?
No, we just make it up to get a mass heads like you upset.
I almost said it.
Works like a curb.
Yeah.
And obviously it worked very well.
No, he's out there.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, wreck his go.
They were an imminent threat.
See, even after they admit that they're full of crap, like Condoleez, they did just yesterday.
That they made a lot of mistakes.
They said a lot of things that were full of crap.
Even after that, this guy, you're not going to, even she can't tell them the truth, that we were lied to.
And, of course, a half of the American population like this jerk probably still thinks they had something to do with 9-11.
Which they admit had nothing to do with Lyna.
Oh, yeah, but we know somehow, somewhere, yeah, right.
Whatever you say.
They were there, they were there.
Don't confuse us with the facts.
27 past noon at 560 WQM, the main man, Anthony Kelliando, an acceptance capital mortgage says it's time for New Year's resolutions.
Like most Americans, pay off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments, pulling out cash, winning them out, pulling it out.
And investing in real estate are at the very top of your list.
South Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US, so I keep so much equity in your house to pay high interest rates.
The main man's New Year's resolution is to give back to the community.
So this year they partnered with kids in distress with a track record of 25 years of helping over 5,000 abused and neglected children each year.
Acceptance capital is donating the proportion of all commissions on every closed loan of this great cause.
With six kids of his own, the main man knows how important being a parent is.
So forget about calling anybody else.
You need some cash called the main man, Anthony Kelliando, at 1-888-483-Lone.
That's 1-888-483-Lone or go to the mainman.com and 3D Replications now right online.
Here's that number one more time for the West Coast.
1-888-483-Lone.
You want to see the new Roger.
The M.S. College of Gender on 560-60-8UAM.
Now the Bill Riley's career as an Amesman is on the skids.
Come on by and check out his new venture.
It's Bill Riley's Pleasure Spin Zone.
I've always wanted to drink wine so fast, it's like it was being introduced intravenously.
You can get that in so many other devices of special pleasure at Bill's store like the
sh- the f- and of course the ever popular
sh- that people love to name.
I call mine Mr. Newsman.
Bill's got products so hot we can't even see them on the radio.
In fact he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere.
Wow, that is inappropriate.
Stop by Bill Riley's Pleasure Spin Zone today and get a coupon good for 1 free The Luffle Rub.
You can get a free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
Cloud sisters, on-bites in the
So run into the light!
O prosecutor
May 2940  a day come
The
headlight I will be
you by the
nose.
And say
is the one
now
that I
only want
it
to
you
we got
all
they want
me
you got
you got
you got
you got
you got
you
got
you got
you
say
is what they got
you
you
can't get it
you got
you got
you
you
what they say
like
a
you
have
been
you
you
you
you
you got
you got
you got
you
I
didn't
still
one
of
high
very little New York Times rights today. Don't know much about algebra. Remember the same
cook? Don't know much about them. What was the name of that song? Wonderful world.
Our car funcle did too. It was pretty good. Everybody read this. Anyway, Mori Dad writes,
Laura Summers, the president of Harvard, has been pilloried for suggesting that women may
be biologically unsuitable to succeed in mathematics. He may have a point. Just look at
kind of the easy rice. She's clearly a well-educated intelligent woman, versed in Brahms and the Bolsheviks,
who just been rewarded for her loyalty with the most humassimately second-bush cabinet.
Yet her math skills are woefully inadequate. She can't do simple equations. She doesn't even know
that X times 0 equals 0. If he multiply 1,300 in a city dead soldier's time 0 weapons of
mass destruction, then equals 0 achievement for his rice, who helped the president and vice
president and bamboozled the country in this war. Was Condi out doing figure-rates at the ice-gating
rink when she should have been home learning her figures? She couldn't have spent much time studying
classic word problems. If two trains lived Chicago with noon, one going south at 20 miles an hour,
the one going north at 30 miles an hour, how far will each have gotten by midnight? Otherwise,
you might have realized that if two cars leave the bag that airport at noon on the main highway
into the capital of Iraq, neither one is going to get there with any living passengers. Our 22
months of war have not ended up to that one major highway being secured. It's lucky from his
rice that he's serving with men who are just as lame at numbers as she is. Deputy secretary Paul
Wolfowitz couldn't be bothered to tell you correctly the number of dead soldiers when he testified
before Congress and his boss Donald Rumsfeld didn't realize that using an auto-pan signature and
more than a thousand letters to the relays of fallen troops ends up to 0 solace. Our new top
diplomat is obviously not mastered fractions. When she asserted during her confirmation hearing that
120,000 Iraqi troops had been trained, Senator Joe Biden corrected her saying she was off by a bit.
His calculation of trained Iraqi troops was actually 4,000. Her's was 30 times that.
About 30 men. Maybe she's confusing her verbally and hypotenuse. See, there she goes again.
Hypotenuse. You ever seen that wooden print? Not lately. Her geometry is skewed if she thinks
she'll not be more powerful than Rami and Dick Cheney. Then she know that the Pentagon has more
sides than her Crawford triangle with Georgia Laura. She could at least have read the Da Vinci code.
Then she would have learned about five unactually numbers that recurring mathematical pattern in
nature. When you invaded country, you should expect an insurgency risk. Five unactually
might have calculated it. If you kill one jihadist, two more arrived at the biggest place. If you kill
three, five more pop-up. If you get five, eight more appearance, so on. The incoming secretary of state
and her colleagues are alas also allows you economics. After Bush officials promised that the
post-war expenses would be covered by Iraqi oil revenues, we find ourselves spending a billion
dollars a week of our own money. Ms. Rice and her fellow imperialists know so little about
physics that they arrogantly jumped into spooky action at a distance, turning the country that
hoped to make into a model democracy into a training grab or international terrorist,
a nucleus for a new generation of radioactively dangerous fanatics. How could they forget
Newton's third law for every action there's an equal and opposite reaction? The administration
needs a lesson in subtraction. How do we subtract our troops and replace them with Iraqi troops
while the terrorists keep subtracting Iraqi troops with car bombs and rocket-propelled grenades?
Condi may not know Einstein's theory of relativity, but she has a fine grasp of Chinese theory of
moral relativity. Because they're the good guys, they can do anything, dissembling to get into war,
flattening Iraqi cities to save them, replacing these Geneva conventions with unconventional ways
of making prisoners talk. The only equation that Bushes know is this one might equals right.
It is puzzling that if you add X, no exit strategy to Y, why are we there? You get W2
George Bush's second inauguration. At Condi's hearing, she justified the Bush administration's
adventures by saying history would prove it right. I know enough about history to stand back and
recognize that you judge decisions not at the moment but how it all adds up. She told a skeptical
Senator Biden. The problem is she's calculating but you can't add. For now, a sand cook is right
about the Bushes. They don't know much about history. Pretty good as usual, Morgan Dowd,
except you always have to throw a couple of words in there like, ah, hypotenuse? I mean, I know
what that is too, but when's the last time you saw that in print? Jill, with your class. And of
course, the five in oxies, I thought they were like, ah, with fataglia. Were they the ones protecting
freighter on a west coast? 567, 0560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line. How can
you be spotting all this anti-Bushed Bushes? God Bushes are leader. Yeah, God help you man.
You better pray there's a God because he's not the one that Bushes praying to. Other than sex,
other than sex, what do you think is your number one addiction? Alcohol 77.
A cigarette 72, Mergewini 71. Everybody's smoking. It's welcome if you got it. It'll care about who
cares. For Niagara 3657, junk food 61, sugar 47. I thought I'd be like up near the top of the list.
Why'd I rather be like back in the mid-pack than there won't be so many people grabbing for that ice cream
at the store? The internet 43, TV 37. I don't have an A32. Yeah, we believe it only. Neil Rogers 26,
sports 25, caffeine 23, computer-sized video games 19, gambling a dozen, cocaine 11, cigars 9,
complaining 8, just like that guy they called before. Where? Where?
Philo Rally is talking bad about the barri-boxer. Yeah. Let's see, strip public six,
heroin six, fitness four, religion two, and chat rooms two out of 663. Oh, three more votes
it will have, guess what? About 30. Three more votes it will have 666. Oh no. Oh yes.
You know, Ante Crisca has got to call back. It's a key. Line nine is calling. I haven't seen
that in a long time today. She way him. Hello. Yes, hey, who's this? George? No, Neil.
Neil. Guy, you have this chameleon girl you have on your website all the time.
Everybody wants to know. Yeah. Oh, she's driving me crazy. Yeah, she's driving everybody crazy.
Right? That's why she's there. I wish you. She actually is model. Both. Both.
But why do you care? All because like I said, I can't get this phone. Well, I would,
I'll tell you what during the break, I'll Google it again. Okay, I'll get that to IMDB thing.
There's really not much there. You know, she's a playmate. She's a model. She's
an actress of sorts like every model. Playmate is an actress. She's been in about a half of a movie
and she's there. Just enjoy. Just Google it. Why do I have to do it? You know, go to IMDB,
look up Carmella, Ditchesotic, the Caesar and enjoy. Right? Right. Don't complicate things,
man. We put it out there on the plate now. Have a great dinner. WKYM, hello. I am a first time
caller. Yeah, right. Sure. I'm off first time. Cry. Yeah. Wow. WQA and hello. Hello, man.
Yes, sir. I've been listening to your show for about five years. I've come to the conclusion that
this is the devil's program. Right. Is this the, and were you in practicing this voice? You just
started with it. No, I just started it today about a minute ago. I've been practicing while I've
been on hold. Yeah, it sounds like you've been practicing something else. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6,
5, 60 on even rising and singing the right of the slides. Keep practicing, man. Practice makes
perfect. WKYM, hello. Yes, sir. Great show. Yes, it is. You're revealing polls, too. I believe that
yeah, come on, oh, I think somebody just said his body closure. Well, he said it's a revealing
poll. And of course the booze thing. He said I believe that then he just reached for the glass.
I mean, this is the bottom of the baller, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a Verizon
singular wireless line. They may have been a middle-avers material anyway. WKYM, hello.
Media? Yes, sir. I got one for your full video game. It's on here.
It's on here. Computer science video games got it. Thanks, get lost.
Media is a flu shot. Dosis go unused. After all the long lines have flew clinics. After all the
anxiety over getting the shots, federal health officials now have a new headache. About two and a
half to three million doses of flu by a senior going begging because the states haven't asked for
them. That includes about 22,000 doses turned down by Kansas and about 36,000 plus deflated by a
Missouri. While Senator Quadaday's a flu vaccine often go unused in a typical flu season,
the series shortage vaccine this year has made health officials all the more determined to make
sure that shots are not wasted. With the word end, I used to get flu shot, don't do it no more.
Get a flu shot? Never had one.
Josh? Maybe early in my life. How did I can remember though?
People sneak up and poke them with the others on their phones.
You just get the straight answer out of you, man. It's like even during the inquisition they had,
well, they're crispy, I've been, well, maybe that's what we're going to have to, we already had
Georgia's inquisition. Maybe it's time for yours.
Who needs the flu shot? I think it's just other scams probably. With the worst of the flu season,
likely yet to come, officials say there's still time to get a shot. We got a shot. This is a time
on the vaccination season is usually over said, Gene Santoria, the West Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention's National Immunization Program. But this is still a good time to be vaccinated,
if the disease hasn't peaked in your community. Well, I'm kind of peaked by hearing all this crap.
Santoria said, I mean, look at me, man, old diabetic, out of shape fat, tub of crap,
fat. If I had it, when's the last time I had a sick day? I don't know. You keep beating them.
You keep it almost two years. Almost two years. And it was when I was down there. I had to let TIA
again because I was down there getting stressed out and eating like a pig sitting around eating,
eating, eating, watching TV, eating, eating, going to the track, eating, eating, eating, eating,
watching fat rich, eating, eating, eating. That was it. That's between years February.
And that was it. See, the more I'm there, the worse it is for me. It's a very serious
hazard to my health thing in South Florida. It's the whole ambiance, the whole lifestyle. I walk
more in one day here than I do in a year in Florida. Where are you going to walk?
Where are you going to walk? Maybe go to the sawgrass and park as far as you can from the green,
the purple pyramid entrance. Walk down the hall to go to the bathroom. Yeah, that's about it.
Walk out to the garage. About 10 steps happening across the street. Drive to wherever you're going.
Walk about 10 steps into public so you don't get a bunch of ice cream, which they don't even have.
Yeah, I guess they probably do. I don't know. When I was home, I didn't bother checking ice cream at
publics because with all the other crap that I was eating, I didn't need any extra incentive.
Oh, here's for all you hockey fans out there. How many Panther fans and really hockey fans we got in South
Florida? But turn them out. There's just a little tiny. It's not even a way of hope. Or next year,
cost certainty. World be a component. See, there you go. Jeff Merrick, I'm going to leave
slunch with Bill Waters. They're still talking about it. You want to know why? Because they got
nothing else to talk about. It's a hockey team network, a channel without a hockey season.
Kind of a challenge, wouldn't you say? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I just did it.
I'm sorry to myself. It's all over the yard, I guess. So I turned on this CNN momentarily.
Oh, I thought it was Bill, Paul Martin. But in fact, we said that in all of our subsequent meetings,
all our meetings from now on, there would be discussions. We would be measuring progress.
But to be fair, that's our very boring Prime Minister, Paul Martin. Wow, talk about a dead fish.
Anyway, so the deal is this. The last hope for the NHL hockey. The season may rest in the owners' hands
today. Ready for that? No. Hoping. Yeah, you are. You want some hockey, baby? Come on.
Hoping against hope. You want to hear. Y'all the butcher's some names and mess it all up.
Hoping against hope that the owner suddenly will wise up and rise up against Gary Beckman's
salary cap fixation. The NHL Affairs Association is believed to have called its executive council to,
guess what city? Toronto. Toronto to be on hand for prompt action this afternoon. In case
today's the they too showed out with league representatives produces unexpected progress.
Otherwise if something happens, they'll be, oh, okay, let's do it. The size of the NHL
lockout will meet in Toronto today, continuing discussions that began yesterday with secondary
level talks at Chicago's Francis over here airport. Sources said there was no significant progress
yesterday. No philosophical shifts that would save the season and extend the four-score and five
stored years of standard cup continuity. Both sides agreed that the time is almost run out for hope
on the 2005 season. There can be little doubt left which side wants to play hockey and which
seems content to watch basketball. The players association is making all the concessions
doing all the employing and is always running into Beckman's demand for a hard salary cap
that would be illegal less collectively bargained. The players lay the stepper to save the season,
save the sport, the ultimate embarrassment of not producing a standard cup champion.
For the first time since the 1919 World Wide Influenza Epidemic produced five hours of
secondary level talks yesterday. Wild speculation arose that the size may have discussed ways
of gradually buffering. My butternet says buttering buttering the PAs offer of luxury tax on the
least $38 million hard cap demand. I think they really made buffering but it says buttering.
In other words, slamming it on. Other speculation suggested that the owners may have sought
away for the players to guarantee that their salary rollback offer result in savings and vision.
Sources said over there was little movement. I bet it was like maybe a couple of good ball movements
and look at the time now, I'm way past for the break. And the most encouraging outcome is
there was a simple agreement to continue talking in Toronto two days. The party said a good
candid dialogue NHL Vice President Bill Dele said and several good ball movements as well.
Well thank God for that. How do you like that? Huh? Well you missed it man after I now
had a second heart attack and we had to read in the news. I keep saying this because you don't
believe me. It was in the newspapers that the president had a good ball movement. Now I don't
just think that's important news that America needs to know to be reassured. We heard a lot of
comments. Colin for like let's all got on mighty. 114 if of course I didn't have an astrologer
like Nancy so he was a little more concerned about things. 114 if five 60 WQF Armstrong
Ford Vice President General manager David Ridge called us last week to announce that he's
overstocked with Mustangs. He said Armstrong Ford will blow out these new 2005 six-older Mustangs
for his little ads. 17,900 bucks that's the savings for you of over 3500 dollars count them.
If you can plus they have a couple of 2004 models left and get this they'll let these go for just
12,499 the original MSRP was 1860 which saves you over 5,600 bucks. Great deals plus Armstrong
Ford is always includes tires and batteries for life with each vehicle you buy. Great prices
added value and friendly service that's the Armstrong difference no high pressure no BS they
treat you like family. So when you're ready for a new vehicle come to the computer that treats
you great Armstrong Ford home set Southwest 07 Street US 1 exit a Campbell drive off the turnpike
you can't beat their deals. President Food All in fact we rebates and discuss with the
Procredit plus tax tag and fees. You are listening to Neil Roger Fitzgloosively
Cheaters host Joey Greco and our crack detectives catch up with actress Kirstie Allick
and you will believe what they uncover on an episode entitled New Year's Resolution.
This weekend on an all-in cheater. Have you seen those spots you do on TV?
No I've seen her on TV though. Do any cring interviews? Oh yeah. Thanks you comes on says
I'm fat and I think no she's not funny. I'm fat. Wow she's not fat she's like a huge tub of crap.
How gigantic. Her elbow is as big as some cities I've been in. God is she enormous. Cow.
So she's doing Jenny Craig and God if we can do Jenny Craig and just all look like her pretty soon
and we'll have it licked. Speaking of that British guy 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the
Verizon singing the Rosalind is the coast clear is that thing over yet the inaugural I'm sure must be
the inaugural balls I'm going to try. Here's our only call. WDQA him hello. Hello. Yes sir.
Who's this? Neil who you calling? Oh hi Neil. I'm calling you. Oh okay good. I had a fact that I
sent I was wondering if you saw it was from Dan. A fact from Dan? Yeah. Dan Merino? No not that Dan.
Dan Kelly? No it was the Dan from Miami Beach. And what about oh you're Dan? Yeah. Well what was
it about? Give me a hint. Give me a clue. Well I have a song that I did I just want to know if
you want to hear it. No. Five said look at that. The lines are just dead today and I turned it
there all the whipped up of this inaugural stuff. I'm really blue with today man. I apologize don't I?
No absolutely not. You want to get yourself involved if you want to walk in the mud with this
bad of Mary Little Nazis. You go right ahead and have a good time okay. I for what I'm trying to
perform a pubic service to our entire audience by saying hey here's an alternative stay away from
that crap don't get yourself depressed just blue sky it okay just pretend that this didn't have it
was just a bad bad nightmare and we wake up and carry us in there or anybody else right? Right?
Right. Even Nixon resurrect his ass just proud of it and cheer with the huge improvement at this
point WDQA him hello. Hey Neil how are you doing buddy? Long time no down here. I'm right. Hey listen
I got a cause a little while ago and said that this is the devil's program. Yeah you can't
turn the thing off buddy. Now with that whole thing was a phony voice with a phony you know.
You think that guy's maybe be a Reverend Jones? Yeah probably yeah you.
WDQA and hello. Yeah Neil. Yes sir. Speaking of that Cristiali commercial when she says
I'm Chubby she was Chubby about 120 pounds ago. Yeah Chubby she's fat as a cow man she makes
LC the board and cows seem like she's on slim fast and the only reason for washing
any of these inauguration ceremonies today is if there's a car bomb. Like I said I mean it was just
a matter of time when oh yeah now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the horizon
and singular wireless line we're gonna we're coming to your house man we're gonna get Luca
Brasi and Fei rich to beat the stod out of your ass how do you like that Pali huh don't be talking
such trash such crap on our high rated show well that's right tomorrow at this time we'll be like
immersed in those numbers. Wow. Oh yeah and of course there's mufflers more. Oh it's gonna be great
you. We're number one. Well let's say we'll see let's not cut our arbitrator ratings before they hatch
mister who would hell knows with all the jerk in the audience around one minute it's Howard Stern and
it's Hank and then before that it's Joe Rose and who knows what we got on. This station's had more
morning shows in last three years and Carter's got pills. I've never in my life I never dreamed that
I could work on a radio station that was so erratic and unpredictable and outrageous and irresponsible
and just crazy people. Oh great. You're in a tics you work for a lot not like this not like this at
least most places I work to show it beyond for like six months a year something like that not every five
minutes. Oh one day it's Howard Stern and it's Joe Rose and the more Howard David it you know we
just keep swapping Howard's is what we did. By the way in case in case you missed it it was my fault
any of these things right all all these things my fault Joe Rose Howard Stern Howard David
it the big old whatever it's my fault. Gail D of course WQA and hello. Yes sir.
WQA and hello. All the above. WQA and hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir.
Hey good morning. I get asked now. Look at you. How you doing? How you doing? How you doing?
You were talking about Perkins the restaurant. Yeah. They're in the hall they ain't right.
It's not right. Full of all. Perkins pancakes? Yes sir. That's outstanding. I just wanted to get a
copy. They're in a couple of hall they ain't the right but I know they don't want to write about it.
Yeah but it's not as good as two days though. No no two days is good. Two days is fantastic.
Okay thanks for the bad news. See here we go again the food pushers but that's good news. I didn't
ask about that yesterday because there's so many good places that just aren't in South Florida
because they know that there are too many people in South Florida who just gummed their food. They have no teeth
fizzing in the glass while they're eating. No that's true. Oh I did. When the average age is death
plus ten I mean why is a good restaurant going to come to town? We got a few but well then I heard
Moldia that they're talking about all the good restaurants. I heard like that was the same day he
was talking about what's his name. Stockton. In fact I think that was the day they were
like kind of like they're carrying on or they're coming about the cities like Boston where they
have a great restaurant. He's talking about how South Florida has so many great restaurants.
Yeah we got a lot of restaurants. I don't think we have that many great restaurants do you? Now like
we used to have. First he's a Howard Kamilitli anyway what does he know? WQA and hello.
Hello I want to thank you for anybody who's on his phone where he gets fed free and he
kisses his ass. What is it sir? I want to thank you for exonning my name. I'm the devil and
obviously okay great WQA and hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. What's going on? You all right. Hey listen
it's amazing to me the intelligence level in this world. People are waiting for time to say hello
and blah blah blah. Right hang up and all so that's all right. That's what our show's all about.
Listen people ask me what I do for living I say I talk to morons for I was just
and that's why I tell them I always tell them that. It's that the way to sperm I mean I waste of
like anyways listen um in my my customer base I deal with 90 percent of uh cemetery bill I mean
century village and it's just yeah and it's just crazy just mind boggling stressful.
I was kind of actually thinking about getting into the broadcasting business. Do you have any
pointers or recommendations that you have one recommendation okay don't work for QAN?
No my recommendation is don't do it. No? No. Why not? You guys can't do that because it's a nightmare
this may it made me 20 years ago if I had an idea not now there is a broadcasting business anymore
it's done it's finished. Oh wow. Well listen you know I'm 25 I'm 25 I've been living to you since
I was about seven years old. Oh yeah. I don't care if I enjoy it sincerely in my son he's by
result he enjoyed it to you and that dog the most with all your guys little guys. Okay you too
Pally. Stabbed of the business oh god that's scary. Sound like a good guy. Stay out of this business
don't do it you'll be so sorry you'll regret it. Put you in a mental institution within six months.
I mean just listen what I was just talking about only moments before I took the call they
revolving door the sales department of QAM and revolving door and that's just at our station
the whole business take a look at me foe for example there's a good example for you right
right how many stations is he worked at the last seven or eight years. About third man yeah
all of them he's at IOD he's at QAM he's at 850 he's at 790 he's got the ankle bracelet on he's
over there do what is thing on TV with his Tomahawk buddy there whatever that guy's name is
yeah that guy wow forget about a man but the best piece of advice I give to anybody do not
get into this business worse now than ever I always said that years ago and now I beg you don't do it
you'll you I would say you live to regret it but you might not even live to regret it you're a young
man Pally you got your whole life out of you don't do it at least the people at cemetery village
are you know good for a few laughs behind their back. Oi plus the good thing about cemetery villages
just like just like what I worked at KAT which is starting to create new format by the way
January 31 with that compulsive gambling bill Bennett hypocrite um is that all those old parts
they used to give me crap they're all dead I'm still going strong I feel pretty damn good I was
wanting you know I'm a careless morning by the way Mr. Smarty pants that's pretty good lately huh
that's dead good yeah it's damn good that gives me like a little cavity near to go out and fill
out like your gas tank when it gets empty fill it up don't do it I'm going right in the Taco Bell
say we're just with a sack fill it up and then I'm gonna do a little tap dance right over to
Dominion and I'm gonna like open up that ice cream freezer thing and I'm gonna take a look in there
take a peek and I'm gonna score people now these guys looking at Carmella this season they want
to score I just want to look in the ice cream freezer there and just score a little bit poppings it's
Jeff Devin Miami says poppings it's cutting cuticles and shoes right those are her three addictions
poppings it's cuticles and shoes she's got an amelda marco's finish 26 after one at 560 WQM
Hayless and resolve yourself to have a great night's sleep in 2005 or year long and for a long time
to come by making one easy call one 800 mattress easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do nothing's
got a bigger impact on the way you feel on your daily health and productivity they get a good night's
sleep and you can get one tonight and like I said for a long time from now on actress if you make
that one easy call right now one 800 mattress if your mattress is more than 10 years older it's
noticeably sagging or lumpy it's time for a new one to some a complete line of silly surda
Simmons King Quarrel Tempubidic and Sterns of the Danis Foster too and dollar mattress continues
over they've been doing for years now they take same day orders all day long from Kendall Stewart
Palm Beach to Ford Myers and you still get to pick the date and tward delivery window rest convenient
for you when you're gonna be home when you want that mattress delivered and guess what they show up
on time in fact their delivery record is unbeatable 99.7% of the time they're there to the second
dollar mattress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau local church award for excellence if you
want to find out why I've been using these folks for years call them once you'll never go back
and waste your time and money in the bidding and department stores again just sit there on your
ugly fat ass and call them right now one 800 mattress or log under their website mattress.com
Dialometrist 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
The tour seems in real rush.
Thanks, good-bye.
Now, the last thing they am.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom at people killed with the gas that we sold in.
First time a dresser's nation at they only want them going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea.
The No Fairtale's in Atlanta were right when he's drilling it over and over into our head.
That irack has some weapons of vast destruction.
3000 people killed are not forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be done.
It's going after satan too.
Plankato's Sama, there's no longer mention of the name is Laden but no it seems concerned
all.
Humvee and conflacent will leave in every word of this cartel administration that controls
us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over
into our head.
That irack has some weapons of vast destruction.
I'm dying on the air.
Abudal rapes.
The loss of civil rights is the rights that were paid.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ascrop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
Lino-pedian cattle don't ask any reservations.
Toudon provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall and have aversion and stop with no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brainwashing.
Toto-toto-toto.
I rag has some weapons of vast destruction.
Only I rag has some weapons of vast destruction.
My way for that professional right wing sicker planted earlier.
I think I've read the news to you but just two days ago we got the final report on those
non-existent weapons of vast destruction.
We brought the weapons seekers home.
They've been grilled condolese about that yesterday in her confirmation hearing.
So maybe if you'd like watch some TD or read a newspaper or even go on the internet
and find out what's the way to go on the world and instead of just get all your news from right wing
bags of wind maybe you might know what's going on in the world, Pally.
You know the one who's giving me a song of dance about the weapons that are really there?
Yeah.
Hello?
I'm here.
Okay.
We have a communication problem.
No.
Oh.
134.
What is it?
It must be eaten lunch.
It's got to be going on.
No food.
I wish something has got to be going on.
26 till 2 at 5.
60 to 20 QM.
Well wait till you hear this.
I don't need to do any tour of comic because they don't want to get joyous.
I'll bet on a shave.
Although I certainly could and maybe I will.
The Florida marlins are asking the state legislature for $60 million to help get a new state
even keep the team in South Florida.
Josh?
Do it.
Well yeah you say do it because it's a big bus for you man.
Can you imagine him on his raking up at that marlin stuff he's doing?
Plus he gets to sit up there with Dave Van Boring a real hot shot.
Now now what's going to happen?
Who's going to do the color round again?
Is that a food he's going to build over to TV?
Who's going to work with Van Boring?
Who can say?
Maybe you'll be in line for that.
What?
What?
You don't aspire to do that?
I haven't thought about it but it's not like even if I did they just throw me in there.
Well who's going to put in there?
The beast?
What's the marlins that are hiring the person?
Right.
I understand.
It's not like I'm on the top of their list.
Well why not?
In other words you said something to cross them or don't do that.
That's the real off time.
And I'll let her to state how Speaker Alan Vence,
Marlins president David Samson.
Remember David Samson?
I never found what that's under.
Is it under Samson or Delilah?
I forgot.
I didn't put it in there.
You didn't put in yours?
I put it in mine.
Oh it's in here.
We did it!
We did it!
Somebody don't be put in here.
We did it!
Oh.
We did it!
Anyway.
They did it.
We did it!
Uh, Samson says that I don't know if there's a team need a new ballpark
when they retractable roof because of rain delays and fend discomfort
but also because of the team stadium leastal laugh.
We knew that after 2010 because rain told them,
get lost.
You're out.
Samson is seeking $2 million a year for 30 years.
Factor demand.
He said that money would allow the team to borrow $30 million.
Factor demand.
Right away and close the current funding gap toward a $360 million stadium.
The Marlins have deadlocked with sitting county officials over plans to build a
38,000 seat retractable roof stadium near the Orange Bowl.
The Marlins have offered to pay $192 million of the projected price tag
with taxpayers picking up the rest.
This entire transaction and in fact the future of baseball and South Florida
hinges on securing a sales tax rebate from the state Samson wrote.
Samson's letter describes the money as a rebate but under state law the money is actually
a subsidy that does not depend on how much sales tax revenue the stadium generates.
Samson also asked that an existing too many in our subsidy for the Marlins
that the newly named Dolphin Stadium formerly PPP Park
be reassigned to the Miami Dolphins in owner Wayne Heisinger who wants
owned a Marlins and is the team's landlord.
State law prohibits the team from getting more than one subsidy.
The letter comes after Marlins official's visit lost Vegas in December
meaning with Mayor Oscar Goodman,
Oy!
About a possible move.
Benz, Republican of Panama City, said yesterday he hasn't studied the Marlins
and request the plans to review it.
Senate President Tom Lee Republican of Brandon, a real hard-ass, appeared
less receptive.
Wait a year what he said.
He said I thought we had already appropriated money to help them move to Vegas.
I was very disappointed that they publicly announced the negotiations and discussions
with Las Vegas and I don't negotiate with terrorists, he said.
Well what a lie and that is.
Hmm man, we appropriate money to help them move to Vegas.
What a clown.
What is from Brandon?
What do you expect?
Ever drive through Brandon?
A might've.
Ooh, not that I remember.
I'm the way to Tampa.
That's where I lived in Tampa.
Why then you know what I'm talking about Brandon?
It's like, that's what, isn't that what the lightning played their first season
in the Calpacitor?
Yeah, he went to a couple of games there when they were playing in that tent that
tented arena.
No, remember that?
Brandon is not that bad, so it's all right.
It's compared to what?
Two egg?
It's compared to sweet water?
It's compared to what?
A mockery?
Yeah, mockery is a dynamite, dynamite.
In fact, I heard JJ took retirement there in, uh, and mockery.
Not JJ Walker, Jimmy Johnson.
Anyway, the Marlins have been asking for the estate's help in securing a state in
for seven years, but more urgency was added to the latest push for a ballpark.
After a P.B. park official told the Marlins last month, they will not be allowed to play
there after the 2010 season.
In 2000, Governor, your fat ass Governor Jeff Bush rejected an attempt by the Marlins
under then owner John Henry, who was a hell of a racehorse.
He was the sign you sure of the racing ministry, uh, coin at Phil Jordan Jeff.
Uh, to build a new park using a tax on cruise ship passengers.
Are you following any of this good?
No, hmm?
In 2001, a $240 million tax break for a new park down on the final day of the
legislative session.
And the attempt lasts you by the Marlins to get the $60 million somebody also failed.
So they want some money, honey.
If you want the Marlins, cough up some cash.
That's what it was out of.
And that guy over there in Brandon, man, what a redneck heart ass.
Wow.
Terrorist, my ass.
That's pretty, uh, pretty extreme, I would say.
Pretty radical.
And by the way, Josh Cordis wants the Marlins sticking around.
He's going to be working with Dave and boring.
Other than sex, what do you consider your number one addiction?
Outcall 86 cigarettes 81.
And of course they go, I mean, hand him glove, right?
Right.
I always think of Lauren McCall when I think of booze and cigarettes.
Okay.
And Humphrey Bogart.
Well, all those movies back then, I always had to drink it a cigarette at the same hand.
That is correct.
I'll build hold in by the way.
Had a bottle in his hand when he when they found his body.
Oh, what a guy that for an Irophy 77, what was Bill holding?
A bottle.
And you know what the something they heard a voice.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Pornography 77 marijuana 76 junk food 69.
You got me going on a food crap.
I'm very upset sugar 51 the 148 television 45.
I don't have any addiction 35 liar near Roger's 31 sports 31.
What's after 31 is 26 with caffeine computer slice video games 22 gambling 13.
There goes the buddy and along with your money.
Oh, how's that going here comes the money and the the money and there goes your money.
Well, we don't want to say that people the dog track love me already.
Don't they?
They do love you.
Well, okay.
I'm just saying it's just an old funny line.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
If you're going to gamble take the money like I told you that's discretionary income
that you can afford to lose and have a good time have a great time.
Gamling 13 cocaine 11 complaining nine.
Cigars nine strip club seven heroin seven.
Fitness four religion two and chat rooms two out of seven and four two votes.
It seems to be once upon a time we did a similar one like this pool and we had a lot more heroin
attest to good interesting part of that is they're all dead now.
So I wasn't wondering where that part of the audience go.
It's just that they're all dead got it got it.
19 I still think you're a little uh was pretty good in that movie.
What's the name of that movie again?
Uh oh I wrote it down.
I wrote it down.
Huh?
The Irish something earlier.
The last of the high Kings a very mediocre movie with a real hot sex scene like
toward the ass end if you catch my grip.
If you're less than 50 grand last year then you're a piker by any standards except maybe Josh
who's got he didn't have two nickels to rub together because I have a big 62 inch TV set.
60 is what is it?
60 see it's shrinking already and his income as well well if you've got that problem it's time
for a career change pick up the phone call fast train at 866 fast train and be sure
until the Todd director to call they will do their laugh for hours when you say that fast
train can have you trained already for a new high-paying career and is short as four months
because they offer you a high demand high-pay career training if you like computers if you
thought of becoming a computer never professional call fast train at 1 866 fast train if you're
unhappy with your job if you're not making any money if your boss is a real schmuck get with it
right now because the demand for computer professionals is an all-time high and fast
train can have you trained already for your new career before your blink fast trains got locations
in Kendall Miami Pemberpines in Fort Lauderdale they offered job placement financial aid for
people to qualify as well and the good news is they evening and weekend classes are forming
right now so if you like to make a big change that could improve your life in a big fat way
call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train
the three students
Moe knows orthopedic surgery there's a plain case of dry rot cut off that left
Moe knows financial planning
what do you believe your money laying around in cans for what does your foot is in the bank
Moe even knows biblical theology
yeah and I for a night
yeah but Moe quiet comes close on broadcast you don't know
tibble why you turn my show
just you you knock ahead
145 at 5.60 the moment himself he'll be here for the 7.00.
noon following two hours of the mad dog who's between the rack and hard place it's very sad
it brings it here to my eye the way things are like going down isn't it like kind of cast a dark
cloud over the entire proceeding there although I'm the only one that sees it that way
according to that caller before that you ain't expert who just started listening to the show
that Howard Stern a sicker fan who just started listening but I'm the only one that sees that we
get out of all these problems yeah Josh what is he doing today is he like a cat nathin
is he like smoking a family what does he do right here you've been very off your feet today man
you better go out and use him to score all right I will don't use some school anything because
with an SK how about some school put a big piece between your cheek and gum pure tunes I think
they're a real man and then you can like spit and somebody's cup there and then they can start
drinking it why do that it's story we had the other day maybe the water nazi spit in a water cup
why I love I pay to see that she is a real treatment but I've not started the ruffin or because
you ever know I'll be suspended man suspended a sentence because you can't mess with anybody any of
the chiefs uh... girlfriend's boyfriend's inner circle man you don't mess with them you ran
issue sharp warning to us over any military action speaking of messing with people you ran accused
the United States of trying to disrupt its nuclear negotiations with the European Union by evoking
the threat of a military threat and worn Washington it would respond to any unwise measure with
reliance on enormous popular support diplomatic capacity and full military capability the Islamic
Republic of Iran will firmly respond to any unwise measure or plan foreign ministry spokesman
hamid risa assefi said the statement responded recent comments by us officials on Monday president
borscht could have a lot of resort to military action if the west failed to persuade Iran to abandon
a nuclear energy program it charges as a cover for developing when a bomb on all right sure hope they
don't have those uh... aluminum tubes yellow and you know how much we keep hearing about valori
plan and Joseph Wilson that's a scandal that's not a word not a word what what is this what about
what is that say poppills paint pills opane pills or sign rush
to paint pills uh...
uh... russian's enough in the liberals
that's a bulletin by the way i want you to know what the sandwich for dollars out for
until everybody russia's not gonna liberal today that guy before men i how many times do we hear that
oh i want to hear both sides yeah i mean that that's code for real group radio group uh...
group it's all i'll do a ronnie said he's just the worst but he said that
well if he's the worst what he listened to for okay
i mean if you hate my guts you certainly had a listen to show that's fine but don't be called up
and like belly it can be because i'm saying things that you disagree with it because i'm going to
say what i think that's what they pay me to say how much you think they pay me to say what i think
to tell it as i see it like it be okay as it be
sorry see it from a distance
u.s secretary's day doesn't count to these are rights also called this week for world action to
keep Iran from building nuclear weapons repeated they threat to holly Islamic republic before the
u.s. security council for sanctions that's that impudent you went at so bad and evil but when we
need to have somebody you know somebody come in and intermediate uh... we call on them or at least
we go through we go through the motions of it and then we go and bottom the hell out of somebody
we see such moves as a psychological campaign in political pressure as sefee said he said one of
the aims of the u.s. administration was not to help an encourage europe to peacefully settle
some of the disagreements through diplomacy talks but to disrupt the Iran EU nuclear talks by
pretending they're unsuccessful oh we went on to do that you don't want to like mess with those
neocom plans right there's nothing to follow plan yeah missing up all my plans man
can you give me off the hook time for all time say can't go it's shally and then with an
out of the head but i'm being that's the end of tesio won't see a vago to no more he sleeps with a fish
is yeah that's where that came from why didn't they put him in a show named fish huh there you go
i love the thing where they brought in uh look at bratsies vest right man great
right the news look at bratsies an old Sicilian message look at bratsies sleeps with the fizzes
he was so good in them they're all great we are godfather intensive we're score ice cream
intensive we're food intensive we're that's another one for the list what addicted to the godfather
okay just i haven't said i get some votes yeah i tell you right now i think that's gonna get some
votes i think your brain is gonna start from all i comedy without young girl that was there uh huh
that young girl over there yeah that big fat uh grease ball over there you know she's in godfather
three remember she was at the ceremony there cameo right it was the by the way was the minuti
foundation yesterday i had the fiduti finuti but it was a finuti was a donpin who talking to the godfather
three but it was the minuti foundation in godfather three that's so fear copula she's given him the uh
and here i want to present you with check for eighty trillion dollars uh for them uh yeah whatever
for the catholic church boy and of course the implications in godfather three that there's
correct in the church all those uh references to the Vatican banking scandal and i got
committing suicide and hanging them so uh that's really bad you know this is just that there might be
hanky panky in a Vatican church like maybe under here the popes robes even maybe that's where he's
hiding something at cash and some of that porn oh they got over there when are you people ever
gonna learn when are you gonna stop subsidizing that got a call yesterday it's enough to break your
heart there's a got it one there's one guy you know you finally saw the light a little light bulb
on foot where sense i am not going to continue subsidizing this uh petafide organization this corrupt
piece of crap all those poor shleppers man all over the world and especially in Latin America
oh brother reproducing like rabbits all in in all in in the story had yesterday about spain in
the condoms right they said oh we didn't say nothing like that oh they know yeah i guess the
probes were in the center a whole bunch of bishops theater molestal or children or something if
they didn't cut the crap oh we didn't say no we're not they're recommending condoms what are
the what are condoms they have nothing about they said something about a Trojan horse that's
about as close as they know condiments they were talking about kind of we have those little
condominant like those olives in the martini right Spanish olives of course boy shop said some
supporters presidents urged to press ban on same sex marriage by the bigotony endothal hysterical
bible something god squad the faggot it's the faggot the first they're gonna do this then they're
gonna take our children the faggot of course they're not worried about the Catholic Church
except maybe Bob Jones he's worried about president bush came under fire from some social
conservatives yesterday for saying he will not aggressively lobby the senate to pass a
constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage during a second term oh my god prominent
leader such as Tony Perkins oh my Tony Perkins he was yay oh it's a different Tony Per hoca
speaking of the pancake house people uh president the family research council another right wing
bobble thumping phone evil always when you see any organization with the word family and i think
right wing think nazis okay Tony Perkins president the family research council and they rank
in foul bush supporters in and they've been the one house with phone calls to protest bushes comments
interview published sunday to wash and post clearly there is concern among conservatives
Perkins said i believe there is no important issue for the president's second term there's a
preservation of marriage how do you like that for a bunch of crazy people we got almost 1400 dead
american troops in a rack where Iran is like on a bubble right now we're like uh right on the edge
we can't even put the money fast enough we're spending it so fast and then the most
important pressing issue is the preservation of marriage in other words uh to to put our
bigotry in the law a constitutional amendment to make sure them fangots don't get married yeah
see what you started time men are you a focus on the family see there's that word again focus
focus on the family said i'm sure that the white house phone lines are letting up all over see i
want to think about those bastards man they are far business they are driven they don't mucky
they light up the phones they send the telegrams they got them up to their armpits like uh
Howard Beale set up to their uh chin in telegrams there in a post interview bush for the first
time said senator is made it clear to him the amendment has no chance of passing unless court
striked under the federal defensive marriage act which protects states from recognizing same
sex marriages conducted elsewhere challenges for the actor pending in states from
telephonic to florida and speaking of that after 27 years together nancy Wilson and pao shwom
weather got married last summer in Massachusetts along with thousands of other same sex couples
and one of their unions legalized Massachusetts right now is the only state that allows gay
marriage but will stand shown weather went to their home state of florida to recognize their union
to their attempt to get that recognition oh a soundly rejected yesterday when judges missed
their lawsuit upholding a federal law that lets states ban same sex marriages again another
reason why they don't need this uh constitutional amendment this divisive and hateful uh sick thing
this is a legal shot heard around the world said attorney Ellis Rubin who filed the lawsuit
on the women's behalf you know there's a guy talk about a turnaround he was right in there with
the need of right he was one of the biggest little folks in and all of a sudden now he's uh
mr gay rights he's a mercenary there you go he filed the lawsuit on the women's behalf he said
we're not going to give up this case is not going to be resolved in the US Supreme Court and I've
said that since the day I filed it said Ellis Rubin Rubin I've been thinking also Wednesday the
Louisiana Supreme Court unanimously reinstated an anti gay marriage amendment to the state
constitution that was overwhelmingly approved by voters in September so why do you thanks out
they want to get married come to canadae it's it no problem we'll get you hitched the gay white
and then go back home 154 at 560 wqm the emerald coast wants to wish everybody a happy new year
and they're proud to announce you can still enjoy that fantastic lobster fest every friday to sunday
the emerald coast is floored as number one agent where made buffet is rated by the impressors
a gat restaurant review an addition emerald coast audit can eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent
juicy main lobster served thermidor style start your mouth water your experience with a choice
of six different soups and then sample dozens and villains of original treats including
fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce and an old favorite whole roasted duck and
poison sauce also enjoyed a brand new sushi bar featuring over 30 different items and if you
still have room after shoveling all of this great fresh good stuff down your throat emerald coast
out of this world dessert bar features fresh goodies like tiramisu and a new state they are
chocolate fondue fond I wonder it's got like hot fudge just stand under and let her smear it on
here maybe that I would shave my head for that huh and pour hot fudge on it we're just to pour
hot much to fudge off my head and as it dribbles down your cheeks you can just look it don't
forget the emerald coast for what's healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol
freak and oil no MSG added no crap you'll never have a headache when you walk out of there just
a big smile on your pulse emerald coast relocations for you and South Florida sunrise sunny
owls beach in pember pines for reservations call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty
two lot of imitators but they're ain't nothing like the emerald coast Chinese buffet
painful
Joe born the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil God
Lenny's asked America what they want it and all you can eat breakfast
I want more than just a lot of food I want a lot of choices
bacon pancakes and eggs anyway I want them
I want sausages the little sausages that look like dog tours
yeah the ones that always come stuck together what is that
they don't want it warmed under a heat lamp at some fast food place
I want it warmed under a heat lamp at Lenny
tell you how I want it I want bacon really fatty and lean so when you pick it up
you sort of goops on your finger and eggs with the yolk broken so they're
hot as a rock I want it served by a fat selling waiters and a mustache so I am
excuse to skipper and we're going back now
I don't want to skin in line I want to wait in line to get seated for a really
long time they do not have any Lenny Lenny America
others are new all you can eat Grand Slam breakfast
venue at Lenny's it's everything you already expect from Lenny's just a lot more
at room temperature hey that's the Georgia's favorite we can get some
live spots for them if that boy to work on it you can
endure Lenny's in the fine queue they got I'd like to do two days man I wish
somebody would call on him instead of just coming in and telling me how great
the hank and ice on crossing it over in the morning hey Bertha go out and sell
some spots we'll be good I should know who they are she knows where what is
that's right she gave it a coupon you go there you have them no okay well I'm
going to go to Taco Bell okay and it's going to be your fault and I'm going to go
and pick up some score ice cream there'd be your fault and then I'm going to come
home and pass out and get sick oh that's right ratings one to two tomorrow mad dogs
coming up next whether he likes it or not and then we got the mole four to seven bye bye bye
