Howard David coming up at two. I thought they were ready to do it. No paying him the
four million not disrespecting his ass. And by the way, the one that disrespects his ass.
And the rest of them too. Probably because he was picking those dingal berries that would
you know turn me or turn kind of me the other direction. People still have him breakfast.
Yeah a little breakfast when he was doing that. Two or some other refract. No I think he's
you know he's already getting his form. I thought he was already. I thought he was
already getting the four million. Yeah. Is what I was trying to share. I'm also not
calling that guy to play for the Eagles. T.O. anymore. Why is that? I guess that's right.
That's bad. The people in Toronto are not too happy about that. Well, people listen to
you. People in Toronto aren't having anything we do in the south of the board. That's
another that's another topic. They would really disown you folks on Leafs TV over the weekend
or were ripping the Ellen Cohen and ass. Why? For his tremendous disrespect. Roberto LaWonga
is very unhappy by the way. You know what, Neil? Let me tell you. Let me tell you. The guys
got they still have his rights for two years. Why would they give him six seven million
dollars? No. There is agent was on. He wants form. He is not on for what they offered
him three seven five. That agent. Let me tell you about that agent. He's no norm can't
okay. Four million would do it. He's a frog. He was on. He's exactly my point. That agent
has one client. He makes Denise Takman look like a rocket scientist. That agent has one
client. Denise is a pretty sharp guy. That was almost as good as the day the guy called
it about more than who did the operation on most hair. Who said that? I didn't catch that
one. Yeah. You let out a little shmerk with him. We got it on tape here. I don't recall.
Yeah. I'll play it again. As the president said about the end of the year, when you do
the filling between two and four that you're just filling in. Not for anybody in particular.
You don't mention any name. Yeah. I do. I say on the Howard David program. Yeah. Right.
So that's what you're paying attention. Don't you? You have you're a high priced veteran rich
talent and you paint attention if I say who I'm filling in. I like to hear you're a little
I don't miss good thing. That's how you get to the top. That's what that's why you are where
you are because you haven't missed those things. I'm listening. I'm listening. I see he's got
a tough week this week. He's only working two days and you know what I think about guys that
only work two days a week in the summertime. Yeah. I don't want to know about that. They get paid
more money than everybody and they're smarter than everybody. Four million. Let's see.
I'm knocking your buddy Moa. Come on. This is bad. Who did I know? I'm morale. We might
see you guys bond a little bit. Oh, you mean there's morale here? It's a matter of fact.
We like to know. It's hoping that we would ask you but nobody had the co-horns but I'll ask you.
What do you better like have you do? Because it would fit in with all those vocal Brian bits we played.
Yeah. A little doy doy doy doy doy doy doy doy for us. No, I'm not going down. Come on. No. Come on.
Just one time. Yeah. No. No. Come on. Sorry. You could do it. Maybe by the end of the week. How about
just one little doy? Nope. How about one little goy? Goy. Can you live with that?
We can live with that. Yeah. You got some you got some high price editing machines. You can
know. Yeah. You know, you're good. You're good at figuring those things out. One doy at a time.
Well, tell them to leave my man Alan Cohen along. What does that mean? Stop rippin' the guy.
I like all the other Moosies man. Yeah. They've done a good job. Yeah. Well, not him. I mean, my
Keenan. Yeah. Well, there's a lot of rumors that they're going to make a big trade with Ottawa.
Really? And get well, because Ottawa can't pay Redden and Zadano Chara. You know, they're going
to get a trade with Hosa and Bollmister for some inexplicable reason and asking them a three million a year.
Yeah. I mean, what's he ever done to get three million? Well, they got plenty of money there.
They still aren't anywhere near the camp. Right. Well, they're not going to be. They're only going to be
about 30 million. Well, why is that? Well, they're going to they want to get good first. I mean,
people don't pay for those bogus attendance numbers that they put in with the empty seats. That house
is full every night. What do you call it? Well, you're laughing. Let's go for it. Yeah. It's full.
All right. It's full of something. I can smell the aroma all the way up here. It's a full house. Yeah.
So I don't know. Maybe Bollmister and I don't know who else. Maybe for Wade Redden or something like that.
Which would be a great trade. They need to own that. It's handbagging me too much hockey talk here at the
start. You're starting to pull a rumor. You brought you brought no. Rumors. I just brought it up because
I saw it over the weekend. Now hang on. It's a good tie in with you. You got your big day. You will have
a playoff team anyway. They're going to make the playoff. See that? That's the good thing. The bad thing is
with this new schedule. Oh my goodness. They're going to be playing that those division teams
being in the worst division in history of any sport over and over at land and wash. The land is
going to be good. Oh, I care a line. Nothing could be finer than to blow up Carolina. I mean,
what kind of a franchise is that? Roll. He's really nice on a Wednesday night in January. Now let's see.
Who the hell went to Carolina? The hurricane. Oh, Ray Whitney went to Carolina. You're man. He's got a
huge pair. So what the hell? He's not going to be too happy about that. They got oligtevordosky too.
Chrissy's used to play in front of the empty crowd. So he'll fit right in. We're in Columbus. No,
in Carolina. The last time I played, I talked to you, right? You told me, remember that day that
Rimmer called you and the deal was done. And what I tell you, I told you, no, no, it's not going to
be done. Well, he was full of crap. At least he's consistent. Yeah, he's never right.
Called me, though, they hear me. He wishes. Not that it's our grapes. He wishes the panthers lose
every game. He didn't really come out and say it, but I know it. And he still hates the
East Pot fan like poison. I wish he would just get right over by a Mac truck. Well, I hate
it. I only pop. It's a big rimmer fan either. Okay? Really? The Fendini. Yeah. But he
needs to look like poison. Danny's a good guy. I don't understand what you and Rimmer,
Rippin, Danny, pop in the backstabber. Anyway, I always been good to me in all the years.
Him and Chris moron, man. What a pair they were. They had a little pipeline going.
Getting to something that people might care about it. Yeah, what I doubt it. Josh Corda
still made this morning that he actually tuned in the Dawson broadcast for the first time
the other day. Yeah, we can. That's 17 if he lost. And he said it was indescribably bad. He said
that nobody actually does a play by play. It's Jimmy and Joe talking to each other that nobody
actually does. And he played by play. You know, I didn't hear sad. I heard a little bit of the first
game. And you know, I think it's a work in progress. No, I think. Oh, get out of here. Jimmy's never
done play by play. Yeah, right. That's your qualifies him. Although you should know something about
that. But at least you did. At least you did some games you didn't come to fill in. Well, I did.
I did a lot of. I did. I did a lot of games in college. Don't play by play. Well, there you go.
La Crosse. What do you do? When did Jimmy do NFL play by player? Any college play by play?
Any. No, no, I don't think he did. None. No. Unqualified. Well, and unacceptable. Why do you guys
suck each other's butts? Maybe he'll get better. Yeah. Uh-huh. And maybe Christmas will come a
week from Shervuiz too. Right? Maybe he'll get better. I love Shervuiz. I'm going to start
peeing all over the place. Shervuiz is a good holiday. Don't not. Shervuiz. Take off.
Take off your pants. Take the day off and pretend to put you for a day. I hold you. Here we go.
I don't disagree. I'm a bad you. What do you want? You got the name for it. Thanks.
Only anybody more Jewish than Stephen Goldstein. Even Jaime Lipschitz is another. Wait a second.
Wait a second. Yeah. We got a guy working here. Neil. His name is Shai Levy. Yeah, that's true.
Please. And his real name is Mordekai Levy. Is it really? Yeah. You got that. See?
Not many people. Mordekai Levy. I'm mortified to hear that. You're mortified to hear about Mordekai.
No wonder he changed it. He's a good guy. This is going to kill the audience. All this hockey talk.
Let's get Rimmer on for a hockey show. Not. We'll get it going and off to everyone. The
Panther start lighting it up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah, so we're calling them now. All right. I'll let you go. Yeah, cuz my shift is over so
Maybe when Hank comes back we in next week you can arrange the interview we can have the stump around with a hopper. How's that?
Have a great day, y'all eat
You're pretty creative audio
Remastered by the master debater himself you get timeless classics like Ian Paul George
She's level blue. He's on
Pink Floyd's house here and a new version of the movie brothers classic
And if you act now you'll get a bonus CD now. That's what I call a Hillary
All you want with all the former first lady's page like
Brothers cold as ice your
Athroes
And there's a special bonus can we 2008 campaign theme song?
The
Call now
That's what I call
The volume too last time that's what I call Hillary volume 1
We're just 1995 what's your been bubbling?
See you should
Because they just get stand each other
All right, Gellie was in lot better mood today than he was last Thursday
It was a lot serially and squirrely last Thursday morning as I recall notice I remember all these little details
He's all right. He's okay, Gellie. He's gonna do a good job and the panther you're broadcast and the organization is making some moves
They're gonna make a playoff this year and nobody cares but that's another story. Jerry North Carolina faxes for the poll today
And having even gotten close to that. Haven't even gotten your poll result from yesterday. What's that?
It's always talking about screwing screwing that said George is the old man screwing always anyway
That's not true. It's a moving man moving man a best TV product that actually works plastic discs to put under heavy furniture to move around the room
A moving man says Jerry in North Carolina moving men. Okay put that on that's a poll. We'll get to it. No hurry. So Josh
Cordis has a spy report on the dolphin broadcast on the other station
What's to say that wasn't already said it was a bismill from my list next
Informed a bismill wow there were technical problems. There were there was no play by play. There was a I don't know that's enough said right there
Two guys talking and usually at the same time. Yeah, Joe. I have no region. I'm pretty sad. You know, but then again
I think it's a match made in heaven the dolphins as you've already seen in preseason
In fact any organization that's talking about signing 10 couch because they're so desperate for a quarterback
That should tell you're gonna be spending a lot of time on the couch in a prone position if you're a dolphin
I'd give it up for lent is what I would do and what's the stuff? I'm here to about Tom Brady's got a sore shoulder or bad arm or something
Oh, geez, maybe we can just postpone football this year got a bad before we do the poll result
Bad piece of news a very famous person. He's not famous by name, but his invention was famous. Yeah, he died at the age of 71
I bet you didn't talk about this yesterday. No, I didn't I'll give the audience the same audio clue that I gave you
Robert Mug no, no speaking of hockey. No relation to Andy Mug the hockey goalie
I mean spelled his name the same way Robert Mug who's self-named synthesizer turned electric currents into sound and opened the musical
Way in the wave that became electronics died he was 71
Oh
I'm sorry
W a B
B
I saw you at his home in Asville, North Carolina according to his company's website
He suffered from an operable brain tumor detected in April a childhood interest in the in the
Theraman one of the first electronic musical instruments. Give her here that no
Theraman sounds like something you would take for a bad headache would lead mode to create a career and business that tied the name move is tightly
The synthesizers as the names of the name less Paul is to electric guitars. Remember less Paul and Mary Ford yep via
Cone de oh
Despite traveling in circles that include jet-setting rockers
You always consider himself a technician. I'm an engineer. I see myself as a tool maker and the musicians are my customers
He said in 2000 they use the tools as a PhD student engineering physics at Cornell University
Mug rhymes with a mug rhymes with Vogue
Really all these years have been calling it the move synthesizer. It's mug just like Andy mode
How do you like that? I was with Vogue you and everybody else I know
Including me didn't you call it the move since?
I was moved double-loaded anyway and 64 developed his first voltage control synthesizer modules with composer Herbert Dwyche
By the end of the year are a mode company marketed the first commercial
Modular synthesizer and all these jingos were coming out with
The
Instrument-loud musicians first in the studio later on stage to generate a range of sounds that could mimic nature or seem otherwise
Otherworldly by flipping a switch twisting a dial or sliding a knob other synthesizers already were on the market in 64
But most of the stuff are being small light and versatile the arrival of the synthesizer came just as the Beatles and other musicians started seeking ways to fuse
Psychedelic drug experiences with their art the Beatles used a mode synthesizer under 69 album
Ami wrote a mode was used to create an eerie sound in the soundtrack to the 71 film a clockwork orange
Oh, but you didn't know that you had it right up. Well, I figured out that the synthesizer stuff was Luke mode
Keyboard is Walter Carlos demonstrated the range of most synthesizer by recording the hit album switched on Bach in 68 using the only the new instruments
That orchestra I have that record did you really guess I did switch on Bach suddenly there was a whole group of people in them now
What was the oh?
Gee, what was that song trying to think of not in sense in peppermints the oh geez
The one what they were doing the phasing maybe that wasn't the most synthesizer that was just phasing they were divided
Oh, there you go
So called mokey
Suddenly there was a whole group of people that were looking for new sound to music and it picked up very quickly
Deutsche, the Hofstra University Emeritus Music Professor of Developer Mode prototype
said in 2000 maybe with the associated press the popularity the synthesizer and the success of the company name for mode took off in rock as extended keyboard solos and songs by
Manfred man yes, and
Pink Floyd became part of the progressive sound of the 70s the sound he find progressive music as we know it said Keith Emerson
He bored us to the rock bat Emerson Lake and Poma
Along with rock synthesizer development smokes great two-helps and spare elements of 70s funk hip hop and techno
And he liked that
Excellent so Robert Mogue died and it took his death for us to start pronouncing his name the right way
How do you like that? I?
In fact, maybe you know the moment
Don't always call him by an name that he resents
Don't don't don't give you if he would die. We'd call him like you know what you think. Let's give it a shoe band
Or how about just the dead man?
1014 at 560 WQM are great twos. They wouldn't have any ball game today to shorten our low
We have one on Thursday not quite as good of a job as you had yesterday with a 1230 pregame
Marlins are smoking maybe they're like right on the edge isn't only one came out of the wild card right now
I think that's right and they're like closing in on the coma inducing braves who seem to lose almost every day
And I think it's gonna be a good run down to the wire
You know, let's let's get behind that team in fact. Let's build a bit indoor that nice tommed stadium
I would contribute a hundred bucks to that. Let's build them a dome stand because then they could do like the cups and start playing a lot of day games
Because the weather would have no impact. They're gonna remember he said that huh you'll contribute a hundred bucks
Now contribute a thousand about hard to help
If they would start the games at noon every day
Oh, yeah, I'll contribute five thousand. What do you say?
All right, give it to me. I'll give it to him next time another day. I'll bet you will now bet you'll give it to him
1014 at 560 now when you say your girlfriend has a what-amagic bullet. Yeah magic pose. Linda
No, we have my junior honey
Oh
I don't
You
This simple list is making me insane.
I'm going to miss you, I'm going to miss you, I'm going to miss you.
We're the learning bridge, Teggel.
I got a gun in the bridge, we go.
We've got a gun in the bridge, it's the Montreal.
I found a sister, is my uncle.
In here since I trained my underwear.
Two push supporters, three to the murder.
All Republicans dropped her over.
I can't fill my tank with this crew.
We're the new flag in the bridge.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
We're the teachers, those stats schools.
I'll run next all the time.
21 past 10 at 5, 60 W Q A A.
Now let's take a look at that schedule.
We got the molemeister.
How are David and Ed too?
In a tough week again this week, he's on for a couple hours.
Kimba Boatcamper filling in for the mad dog at 4.
And then at 7 o'clock, Jesse Agler, I have no idea who that is.
He's a good guy, he does updates and that's you.
Is he like a board op?
No, he just does updates and Marlon's Extra.
Oh, he does updates.
Yeah, but why the hell did he come from?
He's been here a little bit.
Jesse Agler, who does updates, will have Marlon's Extra at 7 o'clock,
followed by Marlon's on deck, which is, I don't know what the hell the difference is between Marlon's Extra and Marlon's on deck.
But I guess you'll have to tune in and find out.
Marlon's on deck to pregame show.
And in a Marlon's at the Milwaukee Brewer is, well, why is there any reason for that franchise to still be around?
I guess because the commissioner owns it eight o'clock tonight and then any K after the ballgame.
Let's see, here's a fact that says from Art in what is that?
Art LTL.
I don't know.
What does that mean?
Lort Lauderdale.
LTL is Lauderdale?
Lort Lauderdale.
I see.
Anyway, Art the Summerer says a bit of information on most the monkeys.
And they says, eh.
I like the monkeys, okay, I like their music.
They were all ugly, but I still like Summerer.
Yeah.
Why, you didn't like some of the monkeys?
I like the monkey stuff, some of it.
Dave Dream Believer, oh, you're sleepy queen?
Dufairi.
The monkeys used one in a song called Daily Nightly.
The mug was played by Mickey Dolans.
He was the drummer, Mickey Dolans, man, you're not fooling me.
He and Peter Tork were the only musicians and, of course, David Jones, smell real bad.
And who was the other one who might leave it out?
Don't tell me.
I'll tell you.
I think he could park with the song I was trying to think of.
Okay, that's nice.
Enough monkeys.
It's you could park by the small faces.
Remember that?
That wasn't moog that was phasing.
You give up yet?
On what?
The monkeys?
Let's see now.
I just started for crying out loud.
Michael Naysmith's the other one.
Here he is.
He's a real musician.
That's right.
Well, so three of more like me.
I mean, Michael Naysmith and Peter Tork were musicians.
Mickey Dolans was the drummer.
So he was really a musician.
And, of course, Davey Jones, he played the tambourine.
Well, how about green tambourine by the 11 Piperies?
Yeah!
Now we're talking some real heavy-duty music.
Damn!
Yeah.
Well, okay.
Thanks a lot, Arthur.
Are they trivia?
The monkeys were playing with Andy Moog.
So here's Paul from yesterday.
Here's George's Paul, 936 votes.
Who's gotten, by the way, our pool day, our goal on our pool is 200.
Oh, we got it.
Okay, see ya.
Let's go, Phil.
Well, no, I don't want to, like, on 23rd of August, this is really dog days now.
I don't want you to feel real bad, but it's mostly sunny in, like, 72 here today for a high and no humidity.
I just mentioned that in passing.
936 votes.
Who?
I never had it.
I was sighted out of mind.
The Brazilian guy that got shot in London.
His name was, uh, Mijese Jesus, something like that.
That's probably what it was.
286.
286 votes.
That poor guy.
I had all kinds of articles on our prestigious website telling you that they screwed up bad, really bad.
And they lied to cover their, you know, cover their ass.
Anybody that watched CNN in that very, very lame so-called documentary or investigative piece last night, eight o'clock,
that was the worst way to an hour.
I could have spent better time picking Navel in out of my, uh, Navel, out of, uh, tojoem, out of my feet, anything, than watching that crap.
And just as you'd expect from CNN or any other American, uh, TV network, just watered down, milk toast, you know, and there's Colin Powell.
And of course, he got misled with, was all the intelligence to give them this bad information and your pen, and said this, and better be-
but it will not fit their own bunch of freaking liars.
They animated that, but they danced around just like Gildi there, tipped out around the tulips because he doesn't want to knock his buddy Jimmy Ciflis.
See, what I tell you about that sports fraternity, they're all in bed together.
You fair.
That's right. All in bed together. Of course, when you're in bed with Jimmy Ciflis, that tells me a lot.
I mean, Josh Cordis, he didn't hold back. He told you that it sucked and it was horrendous in grotesque.
It was pathetic.
Hey, but maybe they'll get better, huh?
Yeah.
What a response. It's just like that idiot Jim Sarni, writing that suck up column about Rich March last Friday.
I saw it, Sarni. You're not fooling anybody and, by the way, what was the results of that poll, huh?
They take the polls and then they like disappear when they don't come out the way they want they vanish.
They're too embarrassed because you know, all the Jim Sarni and Barry Jackass, what they do, they know right columns with opinions.
What they do is they suck up to anybody who will talk to them.
So if you're any, if you're connected with this sports world, whether you like the a bat boy or the locker room tall guy or whatever,
just talk to either one of those guys, no right to use glowing articles about how Rich Walts is getting better.
And he finally discovered what it means to be the voice of the team and they were playing a game and a runner was rounding third and he yelled,
go, Joe, go.
And then all of a sudden that made him realize that first of all, no, even the most biased Terry Carey Bob Prince would never say,
run, Joe, run. You like that, you know?
I can just see that in a pirate's game, Bob Prince in, run Roberto, run.
I mean, just in any Sarni or Amura, I can't wait till the Humphur gets back next week.
I'm going to just really get into it with him about his friends.
You can see the name of that awful guy who lives in Bokeh, boring guy.
What the hell is his name?
That there's the NFL.
Oh, that guy.
The guy that did that horrible job on a Red Sox Reds playoff, I don't ever forget Dick, what is his name? Stockton.
He's horrible.
Uh-huh.
And he plays golf with Moe and he's a good buddies with Hank and they're all like in bed together.
You're not going to get any objective report from these guys on it.
They're all in the same kettle of fish and boy, you can smell it.
Anyway, who got screwed the worst?
The guy forgot, shot and London 286, Al Gore 225.
He won.
There's a new book out by the way about that, which I'm going to have to find out the name of that.
I already did, but I didn't write it down about stolen elections.
Okay.
Pretty good stuff.
I have to go out and get it.
Bill Clinton 97, Richard Jewel 52, Dan Marino 47.
Now, why is that?
Because he doesn't read them when the Super Bowl is that?
That's right.
Yeah, I didn't hear it all the time.
Get out of here, Danny.
Handed a ball off like it was a loaf of bread.
Pete Rose 40, John Kerry 37, Susan McDougal 37, poor Susan.
Cindy Sheehan 28, or is it Sheen?
Sodom who's saying 23, Valerie Plame.
Remember the song by the Plain Game?
21.
The Ramsey's 14, Bruno Huffman 12.
See, I voted for him.
Yeah.
But who the hell remembers the Lindbergh baby?
I mean, Mikhail Gorbachev 10.
He got screwed at birth with a purple stain on his forehead.
Remember that song by Jimmy Hendrix purple stain?
It's another two.
David Koresh 7.
That was your display yesterday.
It's EQ Park by the Small Faces.
Let's play some most synthesizer today.
I don't know about any.
28 past 10 at 560, nobody QA.
I'm inside and behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
You may not know who the Rembrandt's are, but they wrote the theme song for the most popular sitcom on television.
No, no, not according to Jim.
12.
12.
12.
And come on.
Do you realize how many times on how many TVs in how many markets our song gets played every f*** day?
Rembrandt's co-founder, Bill Sullen.
How long would you say we've been talking now?
30 seconds?
In that 30 seconds I have just made enough to pay for three more hores.
Be right there, mind the ill biological receptor.
Yes, although the Rembrandt have no real talent, they make roughly $50,000 every seven minutes.
In layman's terms, that's enough for 866,000 hores a year.
And on the talking skanky hores either, these are the top of the line hores.
There is nothing, Phil, and I like better than channel surfing.
Rembrandt's other co-founder, Danny Wild, describes how he and Phil Sullen spend hours with the remote calculating their earnings.
Dude, we're on TVS.
Here's a horror for the boys.
Here's a local WVFilius.
Another horror.
Oh yeah, my brother.
Back to the best episodes tonight.
Or I show another horror.
I try to hide my everything.
The Rembrandt.
So they're spending other money on hores.
At least they're trying to be real rock stars.
It's a big juicy shopping web look at your business tonight, on Inside the Blind.
1034, 2064, 1165, WGAM.
MSNBC is doing a poll.
Did Pat Robertson go too far by calling for the assassination of NSW president Hugo Chavez?
They've got 19,000 responses on their poll a little bit more than we got so far.
82% say yes.
15% say no and 3% say not sure.
And of course the 15% who say no, obviously, I was a Boarding in Christian to always choose life.
Of course, and the poster of white people.
I'll get to that Pat Robertson story momentarily.
See basically this is their true colors really come out.
Let's kill him.
That's what it really comes down to.
At any rate.
The most important story of the day by far, a Belgian nuns acrobatican indecorist dancing
with a missionary during the Catholic World Youth Day in Germany and Cologne over the weekend.
I saw the pictures of that and it just makes me want to cry because Cologne is such a beautiful city.
And the idea that it was infested by these brainwash, these quizzlings, these simple-dinned punks.
And it's really sad.
But of course to show you, like I said last week, brainwashing really works boys and girls.
It works like a charm.
Especially if you get too many really young.
Oh yeah.
Get too many young and brainwash them and then molest them a little bit too.
And then of course they're like auto-meetings.
A Belgian nuns acrobatican indecorist dancing with a missionary during the Catholic World Youth Day in Germany over the weekend.
They're a reprimand from her mother superior, a Belgian paper set on Tuesday, meaning today.
How do you like that?
Huh.
I wonder if Whitney is going to meet that same mother superior.
Did I have a video?
That's right. You don't watch passions. I'm sorry.
Valey had lots of news in Brussels showed pictures of a dancing Johann Bertolman being held up in the air by the missionary and then clinging them with her legs wrapped around his body.
This has started to sound like that video I showed you that time by bandoling an almond man.
And remember that word?
And then was ever dancing naked with a nun?
You remember that, too.
Yeah.
I wouldn't do this at home, but at such occasions I get carried away by the enthusiasm of the group, the 29 year old told the paper later.
My mother superior raised the issue today. She thinks I should watch out of it in bare in mind that I represent our community where Tomin said.
Pope Benedict attended the celebration at the Mirion Field outside Cologne in the presence of some 700,000 people.
And now it's down to seven. It was a million over the weekend. They were saying that's done to 700,000.
There were a lot.
Way too many brainwashed mesmerized.
These people need to be programmed immediately and out sooner. All religions, all cults, they're all the same.
They're all malignant.
Now, and here's a perfect example. What am I saying?
Thank you.
Oh, I didn't do the poor did I?
No.
Here's the poll we got for today. And I was inspired.
I was inspired by this poll because I saw that figure. I got several. I'm going to rip him an ass today at a great length.
Kevin Chudo.
I ain't no Pierre Elliott Chudo. I'll tell you that.
Kevin Chudo. Remember I asked you a few months ago? I said, you know, there's this guy peddling this book.
And of course, you know, it's easy to go on and not the FDA and the FTC.
Yeah, I mean, that's easy to do because anybody with a brain agrees with that.
But I was involved with beans last time I was in South Florida.
And right at the counter, there was the books. I thought, well, it's 30 bucks.
I can afford 30 bucks.
I just pick it up and see just how much crackery, crackery would be an understatement.
But I was telling you that he used to be the interviewer on these cheesy infomercials,
peddling that curl, calcium, and all this other crackery.
Now he's the guest. He's the expert. He's the author.
And I'll show you one a little later.
I mean, you can hear the aphlac duck making those cracking sounds.
Do not buy that book. Please don't buy anything that Kevin Chudo is peddling to you.
So I thought about good stuff that's been bought on TV, like my flavor wave.
And to show you the power of Neil how it's vanished, this to me is like a personal slap in the face.
I can't believe it.
The flavor wave, the lust of it that I've raved about that I use every day that I bought one for George and one for Josh.
And one for just about everybody I know. And I love it.
And it's got one vote and that was mine.
Yeah. How's that possible? I don't know.
What's the, and I thought all these people in the audience are going to be buying it.
They're going to be loving it. Maybe they bought it and they hated it.
I don't both find out, I guess. What's the best product you ever bought from a TV infomercial?
We got 245 votes. We got a shot of 300.
Never bought anything. 176. Well, maybe you're smart because most of the stuff they peddle on there is crap.
Most of it, not all of it. Most. See, if it's good, it would sell it in stores.
You can go in and you can get a feel of it and see it and you know, no one would say.
Never bought anything from infomercial 176. The overwhelming that 70% of our student audience.
The mean, lean grill and machine, which George bought me one of those several years ago.
George Foreman who's got a whole new bunch of crap. He just signed a pedal. I don't know what it is yet, but even later in the meter.
Yeah, he's leader in the meter. 35. We like George Foreman. Good old ball guy.
Ronco Showtime rotisserie 10. That's Ron Popeel's best product. I believe that.
You just said it and just look away. No, that's the flavor wave.
Set it and forget it. Come on. You just, you know, that walks in your infomercial.
I'm going to throw a drink for that. Set it and forget it.
The ultra food vacuum sealer 7, the pocket fisherman 7. You can see amazing things. You can do with that.
Ionic grease air purifier. I have one in the other room for right.
You must be doing something. There's after he cleaning it out and it's got like schmutz on it, you know.
After he clean in that thing, Jack Elaine juicer 3. Jack just turned 200 by the way. Happy birthday, Jack. Have you ever seen that thing?
No. And at the end of the show where he sings the song.
His wife is like holding him up during the entire show like in the juice that he's drinking is like dribbling down his chin. It's embarrassing.
But it might be the product. The Jack Elaine juicer 3. The magic bullet blender 2 with a cheesy British guy.
And the very attractive blonde who allegedly is his wife, but I doubt it.
The ronco food be the hydrator 2. Oh, yeah, that's good for dry out your weed man.
Moving men 1. Ronco vexumatic 1. A.B. the abslide 1. A.B. Cohen. The abslide. The flavor wave. The lungs 7.
And the guy 1. That's mine. Oh, what a slap that is. Man, a purple shot. No power on this show.
You know something I really don't care. George loves his. Josh uses his and we like it. Yeah.
So if you don't want it too bad, walk fit, thunder stick, pro mixer and the ronco pasta maker so far have got to make it.
Oh, matter of fact, if anybody out there wants a couple of ronco pasta makers, I think George and I could arrange that. You'll have to pick it up.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.
The Lord even loves Neil Rogers and Robert and Jerry Fallwell have joined together to bring you the tasty food of God.
Introducing that in Jerry's ice cream featuring a variety of flavor every fundamental guys will enjoy.
Like Paul is on bot and he yeast flavored beige ice cream with blue cheese chunks lots of lots of juice.
The body of blood of Christ within ice cream with the nil chips of holy sacrament laced with red wine.
And I know it's been made blood red ice cream with yellow banana flavored lips that will delight any fundamental taste with a kiss of death.
And everybody's favorite chocolate jungle monkey. Jesus says it's great.
Back Jerry's ice cream the fundamental case treat with substance.
14 to 11 at 5.62. The Floby haircutting system always is are they serious about that or is that of the row or get what the Floby haircutting system.
Yeah. I guess they're serious. Oh, no, they must have sold them.
And the singing bass. What the hell is that? Oh, the singing bass. You know, you put it on the wall. It sings. It does. Sure. No, seriously. What is it? It's a singing bass. It turns towards you.
Tell me president like that. The singing bass. Okay. Put it on your just so you know.
Here's a singing bastard. I don't know if he sings or not. Conservative Christian broadcast your Pat Robertson is called for the US to assassinate Venezuela and president hero Chavez.
Oh my God. Calling him a terrific danger bet on exporting communism and Islamic extremism across the Americas.
This is this is what fundamentalist Christianity is all about boys and girls. Hate kill. Get on. But don't forget to his life.
If he thinks we're trying to assassinate him, I think we really ought to go ahead and do it. Robertson told viewers on the 700 Club show yesterday.
It's a whole lot cheaper than starting a war. And they've been showing a clip how many times I see it already this morning.
But third man Robertson a contender for the Republican presidential nomination in 1988 called Chavez a dangerous enemy to our south controlling a huge pool of oil that could hurt us badly.
That's right. Let's grab that oil. That's what it says in the Bible. Doesn't it? Yeah. It could hurt your enemies and grab their oil.
We have the ability to take them out. I think the time has come that we exercise that ability Robertson said we don't need another $200 billion award to get rid of one strong arm dictator.
It's a whole lot easier to have some of the covert operatives do the job and they get it over with.
Yeah. Like the characters. Here is a guy who's on the air advocating murder. Okay. Oh, I'm speaking of that. How about that Iraqi constitution?
Yeah. Can't complain about the women's rights in Iraq because if they get their way, they're not going to be any. They're not going to have any rights.
But they will be able to get married at night at the age of 90. Do you hear that before the show? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. At any rate.
Robertson accused Chavez, a left-wing populist with close ties to Cuban President Fidel Castro.
I've tried to make Venezuela a launching pad for communist infiltration and Muslim extremism all over the continent.
This is in our sphere of influence. So we can't let this happen. He said Chavez has said he believes the US is trying to assassinate him following that Venezuelan, which accounts for more than 10% of US oil imports.
What shot off the flow of oil if that happens? Robertson's comments yesterday were the latest in the string of controversial remarks in recent years by the religious crazed broadcaster in founder of the Christian coalition.
I got this for I got a better idea. Let's take that Robertson. Now what do you say? Yeah.
Out to lunch for a walk on a leash. Last October during the heat of the presidential race, Robertson told CNN that during a meeting with President Bush,
if prior to the invasion of Iraq, the president told him he didn't believe there would be any casualties, the White House strongly denied the claim. There wouldn't be any.
It only like close to the 1860s or the 2000s now. In May during an ABC and a few Robertson ignited a firestorm that's a response to a question about whether activists judges were more of a threat to America than terrorists.
If they look over the course of 100 years, I think the gradually-roads of the consensus that held our country together is probably more serious than a few bearded terrorists who fly into buildings, he said.
The fennelies are Marx and let it sit at a Frank Loughtenburg. Robertson and Sissi was not being cavalier about the night-loving attacks, but he also refused to apologize, saying supreme court rulings on abortion, religious expression in the public square, pornography and same-sex marriage, are all of themselves graver dangers and decades to come than the terrorists which our great nation has defeated in Afghanistan and Iraq.
That's right, mission accomplished there, forgot. In October 2003, Robertson criticizing the State Department during an interview on the 700 Club said, maybe we need a very small nuke thrown off on foggy bottom to shake things up referring to the nickname for the Department's headquarters in Washington.
The State Department spokesman Richard Boucher called the remarks despicable. See, then we got that spickling and they're despicable. In July 2003, Robertson asked his audience to pray for three justices to retire for this supreme court so they could be replaced with more conservative jurists.
One justices 83 years old, another has cancered, another got a heart condition, he said. Robertson's insisting he was only calling for prayers for the justices to retire, it was not asking as- asking as followers to pray for their demise.
In November 2002, Robertson charged that the Muslim holy book to Kharan incites followers to kill people of other faiths and disputed Bush's characterization of Islam as a religion of peace, but the Bible doesn't.
It's clear from the teachings of the Kharan and also from the history of Islam that it's anything but peaceful Robertson said in the subsequent interview with CNN. Of course there are peace-loving Muslims, but at the same time, at the core of this religion is jihad.
And in a subject to the unbeliever, neither the forced conversion or death, that's what it teaches.
That's got the Christians never did that, okay? Yeah. Suggesting that it's subjecting people to a forced conversion or but a bane.
Well, you know, way way back when they didn't have any guns, so they used more creative methods.
Stoding. The Ronco 20-5-piece knife said, okay, have you seen that in commercial? No. Just slice him and dice him and walk away or forget it.
Just slice him and walk away. The Ronco 25-piece knife said. Yeah, it's not 25 though. Whatever you're talking about, it's a lot more than that.
I think I think I think 3000. And anyway, the Ronco knife said you have to put a number in there. Got it. How's that coming so far?
I'm so depressed about that flavor wave. I acted like jump off a tall building. They'll do that.
What's the best product you ever bought from a TV-in from? We got 292. Our goal is 295. Never bought anything 205 of 70 percent.
212 now. Well, look at that. I mentioned we got our 302. They're pouring it in chunks. The mean-wing grill machine 402. That's a good thing.
The thing I like best about that is a cook's on both sides simultaneously, side by each. The Ronco Showtime rotisserie 12. You just said it and just walk away.
The Ultra-Food Vacuum Sealer 8. The Pocket Fisherman 7. That sounds like kind of fidgety and swishy to me. I don't know.
It's fun. Anybody's got one of those in their pocket. I wouldn't trust to do it.
Magic full of blender for the Ionac grease air purifier for the Jack Lane juicer for. Hey Jack wake up sweetheart. Always taking a mat.
The moving men too. The Ronco Foodie Highriders got appeared. The Flowbe haircutter won. The Ronco Vegematic won. The ad slide won. The Ronco pasta maker won. And my flavor wave, the Luxembourg's only got my vote.
Oh my God. The singing bass. The singing bass. The rock pit and the thunder stick promix are so far. I've got the big.
Oh yeah. I remember that the pasty broad that old bitch that the thunder stick promix or an informational one had been selling. She was ridiculous looking.
Some of the people have you noticed that it's like about the same half dozen people. And back in the day when I bought my first big satellite dish about 100 years ago.
Everything. I mean there was just so much stuff on there then that's before they scrambled anything. It was just a tons and tons of interesting and the bizarre stuff.
And they had all these about you think there's a lot of information on now. There were like a trillion of them on back then on the dish.
And there was a guy who now supposedly is is Ron Popeel's uncle. I think he calls him uncle Sam or something. And I don't know how he's got a Jewish uncle.
They don't come anymore. Goiest and Ron Popeel. I don't think. But at any rate. So not uncle Sam is on there in the beginning of the knife set in commercial.
You better start watching your infomercials. Because oh yeah. Kill some good time right after passion. Speaking of good time. A Broward County judge yesterday reconfirmed his order that the installation of Islamist should not be delayed while gaming venue owner is wait for county and state official to draft regulations to control voter approved gambling.
You know which judge this is it's judge the moment voters in March as well. We know they approved it and is ruling yesterday circuit judge Lee Roy Moe said the longer the lay in setting up the slots the longer voters are being ignored.
It's got a picture in the sunset and I'll also have the her article here too. Don't expect them to soon. It's a it's got a picture of some people sitting at slot machines. There's four of me here. Guess what slot machine game it is. We'll afford that. Good guess.
We'll have a picture that said most order yesterday was a response to an argument made June 22nd by Broward State attorney Michael Sats that slot machines could not be installed until regulations were drafted by the state legislature.
The new order list this down most first order that automatically took effect when sets appeal. Judd most said the voters had voted to have slot machines and they were entitled to have their votes counted said Tom Jewel and attorney for the counties for per mutuals.
The per mutuals are not rushing forward to put in slot machines before the regulation they're drafted but they won't wait forever. And the Harold story says don't expect slots immediately the honors before per mutuals that want to install some of the scenes are working with state law makers and Broward County commissioners to draft regulatory guidelines.
They also expect that the governor is going to convene a special session this fall as your fat ass governor to force the legislature to pass regulations.
Circuit judge Moa said he appreciated efforts to come to an agreement outside of the courtroom but was concerned that if voter approved the constitutional amendment wasn't being enacted.
That's why he agreed that the per mutuals could go forward with their plans even as the lawsuit was pending.
I thank and commend everyone who's working together to try to resolve the issue outside of the courtroom.
Moa said the fallout I have no control over I may be in charge but I'm not in control whatever that means.
A lawyer for the county's three horse tracks and one high life on top said that the four per mutuals would continue to work with legislature and Broward County commissioners.
Their lawyer Tom Julens said I think December one is a good sort of outside date. There's only so long that you'll wait.
State law makers failed to write. I mean we know what they do.
There's stone wall and there you know it's been in a way like they always do the bullet train everything that you people want.
The class size everything they just have these peculiar ways they have ways and they just do whatever they want and the public says oh yeah we like that fat ass governor.
They took a poll in one of the papers of this morning about the education is a better or worse under jet bush and like overwhelmed I think it's in the sun settle overwhelmingly worse.
Maybe that's one of the reasons that he's so popular you know it could be because whatever the public votes for he says no only education you know all this other crap is crap.
He's got the best plans man and the dysfunctional family.
This is Neil Rogers. This is five sixteen two eight.
This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions?
We can't say.
In addition to the bottom down that's right.
But we can still say.
We have to please push for it.
When you better call attorney program radio shows especially
and call attorney program radio show.
She plays with us like a dog.
We're lucky we can still say.
No, no, no.
80 points we can't praise outside of have a seat here on my back.
You miserable hateful bitch okay. Unqualified.
You're always thinking about that over the weekend for you about joy.
And about the fact remember they try to get here all of us to sign out you but the important people.
The sign was contracts where we wouldn't talk about this one we wouldn't knock the sports franchise.
And of course everybody said you mama but now this is a sales department.
See this is just another way to censor what we can talk about.
Oh well anybody who ever advertised on any station in the history of mankind you can't you know this other crap.
This is just in the way that I'm coming in like the back door.
You know what I'm saying what do you say to continue censoring and repressing and not letting us say what they want.
So anybody out there who thinks that it's like the old day like back in the day when we pretty much could give our opinions on anything and say whatever we want.
Forget about it.
Because now it's Bush's America and it's Joyce's America and it's the American in way okay.
WQIN hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
This product of our bathroom and from our show had to be motivational tapes from Anthony Robin.
Really?
Yeah I love them.
From the last speaker.
Huh?
He's not a baker.
I'm a buffer out so I guess they work.
Okay.
All right thank you sir.
Thank you.
Okay he likes that staker Anthony Robbins with that head with that gigantic head.
What does he want to eat?
He's a buff ground.
Huh?
He's a buff ground so they work.
I don't understand who he is.
I know who they be the baker.
Yeah I read a whole article about him real.
And anyway Anthony Robbins motivational tapes let's get that on there right away.
It's going to go zooming toward the top.
You'll see he's one hell of a speaker man.
He's a one hell of a...
I don't even put him up the snake world salesman.
Kind of like Emerald or Gassy.
How many QIM hello?
Hey, I was wondering if you hadn't seen that inside that 9-11 on the National Geographic last
night.
No I did not.
It was pretty good.
If you can catch it watch it.
It's in chronological order shows from like the mid 80s, late 80s, about Fenneloden,
the CIA, a fairly good guy.
And it pretty much tells you that every single person involved from the FAA to the airline
and probably dropped the ball.
Right.
And it was good though.
I might take it maybe I'll drop it by the...
Even Ricky Simmons never dropped so many balls in the game.
And that's for Gellie Girl, man.
Throw it to Gory as Moward say.
I don't know how to help you have children.
Goy.
Yeah, maybe you could put through the art of modern, even Robert Moward would have been impressed
by that thing you got there now.
Yeah, Veehef is.
Yeah, even like make a little thing.
Well, what we hear about Gellie at any rate, 5.6705.60, we'll take a few calls.
Right.
Maybe we got some people out there that have bought the Luxflavor.
In fact, it's up to four already on the pool.
I'm impressed, aren't you?
Not really.
I would have thought it'd been like a hundred.
When I come on here and I rave about some products like that, it's not...
I mean, not every date is that happened.
I mean, it's either a flavor ice cream or like vagal bites or bokeh burgers, which I'll be honest with you.
I have some in my freezer bokeh burgers about food and ways to prepare it.
You should have some credibility with these people.
Yeah, that's correct.
If anybody knows food, it's a fat, slow, like me and boy, you talk about fat.
Wow.
Not good lately, mate.
No, don't.
Not good.
I don't know why.
It's that sugar thing.
Yeah.
That sugar thing, 195.
That's not a good number for this kid.
I can't talk.
Or your fan.
I've been pagan out of it for no reason.
You know what?
Maybe it's the summer.
Summer is not much going on and it's like you sit around and eat, eat, eat, eat, mange, mange.
And I don't spend quite as much time out there losing my acid woodbun because it's an expensive diet.
I'll tell you one thing, it works though.
The slime effect when they open up the slots there, all you fat people, you can go out there and take all the money you've got,
all your credit cards is mortgage the house and just spend all day out there and don't eat.
I mean, you've got a restaurant there but the food is horrible.
It's a willows restaurant at woodbun.
Horrible.
They're never going to be as fun as they don't worry about a choice.
The food is crap.
It's caca.
So you just sit there and you don't eat and they bring you the dye sodas with caffeine.
One thing I've been doing that's really bad is chewing the ice.
What is that?
Why is that bad?
Because number one, I have all like one part of a filling that fell out and number two,
and number two, it makes sure it's bad for your teeth and gums.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't.
I saw it.
Chewing on ice, do you?
Sure.
So I just mentioned that in passing.
No chew on the ice and get your flavor away.
Other than that, do whatever you want.
Okay, and they will.
Don't do whatever they want.
They pay no attention to me.
That's fine.
As long as those checks keep coming like this, Thursday, clearance.
Line nine.
Line nine, it's going to be really something.
QA and hello.
And the door for the window, Rothko.
Oh, Jimmy and Joe and Joe and Jimmy talking to each other.
Like a little conversational, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a real man, I'm not a
real man, I'm not a real man, I'm just a mature man, I'm just a mature man, I'm just a mature man, a real man million times ahead of life, like in New York, and through New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New europe, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York,
are. Yeah. Are you there? No, I'm here. Oh, okay. All of a sudden, the sounds of silence.
Don't you see now you're playing okay? Who can play that game? Oh, no.
Anyway, George Bush doesn't listen to us, Keith Richards said, but that's not the only reason
the Rolling Stones who opened their world, opened their world tour at Fra, what day,
Sunday, at Fenway Park. Won't be getting invitation to the White House anytime soon. The
Britt Rocker's new CD, a bigger bang, comes out September 6th, but Miss Matt Drudge and other
right wing media types, you're fray. Are already foaming at them out after discovering the
lyrics to one of its songs, Sweet Neocon, a scarcely disguised savaging of the Commander in
Chimp. You call yourself a Christian, I think that you're a hypocrite. You say that you're a
patriot. I think that you're a crock of bleep. How come you're so wrong, my sweet Neocon?
Mick Jagger who wrote the lyrics goes on to criticize the war in Iraq as well as Bush's
motives for starting it. It's liberty for all democracies, our style, unless you're against us,
then it's prison without trial. But one thing that's certain life is good at Halliburton.
I've got strong opinions, Jagger, sitting on a phone interview last week. I'm obviously very
interested in the way that we conduct foreign policy in the West. It's one of my interests,
if not passion. So obviously I have opinions about it. Well, good for you, Mick. But never in the
42 year old, 42 year history of the Stones is expressed such partisan opinion. You can count
previous Stones' political songs on one hand, the wishy-washy street fighting man,
sweet black angel, widely construed as an ode to black activist Angela Davis,
an undercover of the night, a denunciation of South and Central American dictators and death
there's not much more to add to the list. There's been other social comment before from the
Rolling Stones, Jagger said, this one's a bit more direct. Perhaps it's the times we're living in,
I was being more direct than metaphorical. I think right-wing commentators could fit up with
Pop Singer's getting involved with anything but Pop Singer's but artists have responsibilities too.
Unless, of course, it's like a right-wing artist, right? Of course. Like some of them country
western Nazis. Right. Hey, Toby, you fairy. Everyone has responsibility, Jagger, said as long as you
don't bang on about it every day because people get pretty bored with that. I think comments from
artists whether they're partners, painters or any kind of creative people is part of what you do.
Painters, not partners. Richard supports his partner, Jagger's song, but he would see it as
partners, but he worries that fans will think it's a calculated publicity. Boy, you're simply boring.
That's stupid. I spoke to Mick about it, Richard said a seven-phone conversation. Personally,
I find politicians a very pallid subject. I said to Mick, are you sure these guys are worth a
rolling stone song? Not that he has any ego, you understand that? Right. But he felt strongly about
it and he writes the songs as well as myself. I said, if you feel that strongly about it needs to be
said, that I'm backing you up, pal. And it says, those with their knickers and a twist over sweet
neocon, if you have to discover that there's another pointed anti-arach war jab on a bigger bang.
Endangers beauty, Jagger, addresses the Abu Garret prison abuse scandal with some very dark humor.
Who you got there in that hood, you look so fancy in those photographs with the rubber gloves on,
but you're a favorite of the Chiefs of Staff. That said, I'm going to say, September 6th,
it's coming out. I'm sure you'll be out there buying that album because it's got some
Oh, we're fine. Yeah. President Bush compared the fight against terrorism to both
world wars and other great conflicts in the 20th century as he tried to reassure and
increasingly skeptical public yesterday to support US military involvement in Iraq. And of
course, our answer is no chance. How's that constitution coming sweetheart? See, there's a
civil war already going on over there. To see the story I had a couple days ago about the
assassinations that are going on in the Sunnis and the Shiites and the Shiites and Jimmy and Joe
and Joe and Jimmy. Shira? Yeah, I did. With the anti-war movement finding new momentum behind
grieving mother Cindy Sheehan, Bush acknowledged the fighting Iraq is difficult and dangerous,
but he told, and of course, he always they picked for him these audiences, the veterans of
foreign wars, the VFW. If you want to find a bunch of grizzly old right wing
of Creetans, careful. That's the place. And I'm being really kind. I apologize to the Creetans.
He told the VFW National Convention the fight is necessary to keep the terrorist out of the USA
as he didn't last year's election campaign and more recently his war opposition is risen. Bush
reminded his listeners of the terrorist attacks of September 11th reciting the date five times
and a 30 minute speech. 9-11. And of course the anniversary of 9-11 is coming up very very soon
and they're going to use that. They're going to use it and abuse it and they're going to
explode it for all its worth and see that's why your kids are over there dying right now. So we
don't have a repeat of this and look how safe we are unlike the Spandards and those Brits.
With the message that people can protest the war while supporting troops and veterans,
a handful of speakers including Gold Star Mom addressed in the anti-war rally in Salt Lake City
the same day your president was in town. Bush spoke to more than 6,000 people at the annual
convention of VFW in a very contrived setting as always while three blocks away over 2,000 people
gathered to protest Bush administration policies and the war in Iraq. Barber right 56,
through five hours from her home in St. George to attend the rally at Pioneer Park.
There's a lot of reasons I'm unhappy predominantly due to the war but also about the economy
and social security right said her father right WDW veteran was unable to come with her.
Much he said he would have come along for the same reasons so I'm here for him to see
be saying. Several people attending the protests both did they were for military families
or it served to the armed forces Salt Lake resident Hugh Mustard 74 said he was a Korean war veteran
who came to protest because of the lies about this war and the reasons we went into it.
I am so opposed to this administration he said I'm absolutely motivated I'm independent.
I think we've really lost our democracy muster saying you know what he is.
That's so lovely correction.
The featured speaker was Celeste de Palau co-founder of the Gold Star Mother's for Peace
with Cindy sheen who made news camping outside versus a crop protects this ranch in
hopes of meeting with your president.
St. Paulus on specialist Sherwood Baker 30 was killed in Baghdad April 26 2004 I'm not playing
the drop in when somebody's given kill. He was a member of the Pennsylvania National Guard which
was deployed to help provide security for a survey group looking for evidence of weapons
and managed destruction and as David Kaye said Kaye just this one time Kaye.
St. Paulus said he was overwhelmed by the number of people who show up at Pioneer Park.
I expected and hoping that a hundred would come out this place is overflowing with patriotic
Americans she said she said she has traveled over the past 60 months speaking out about the war
because of a promise she made it or something funeral my sweet noble son was a 720th American soldier
dying the hideous miscalculation called the war in Iraq she said I vowed to him that I won't be quiet.
So the Palau members of her family have spent the last week in Crawford hoping that the
president would take time to answer one question from families who've lost loved ones in the war
what noble cause is it what noble cause is it that's taken lives of our best Americans
one noble cause is it this month you said why did the architect of this war not risk the lives of
their children yeah let's have the twins over there what do you say huh all right one of the
events organized is Aaron Davis with a group called veterans for peace said he filed a permit for
gathering of a thousand people thirty minutes thirty man into the three hour of Pioneer's today he
said he knew that there would be that and many many more not only is our message today support
our troops and bring them home now but treat them right when you bring them home said Davis who
said he served as a Marine from seventy two to seventy six salt like city mayor rocky anderson
who called for a strong showing from Utahans at the protest and emailing said last week
the local activists addressed both of the FW convention and the protest Anderson was booed in the
speech to the veterans at salt palace convention center about two hours before Bush's speech
what a surprise not from those crusty old VFW right-wing lunatics most of whom are seen
out anyway after he said challenging political leaders and being supportive of the troops the
message we want to send is that we're behind our troops we care very much about our troops
that if their lives are going to be put on the line that if they're going to be put in a
harmless way then we're told the truth and our nation hasn't been told the truth anderson said no
Schmidt chance of rocky followed Anderson he took the podium at the anti-war rally those who take
the standards then up for to to defeat by our government those of the true patriots you are true
patriots Anderson said for the two thousand plus nice go on rocky I like him a lot better in rocky
balboa say that what about rocky squirrel well rocky to squirrel we almost want to make me play
that rocky uh... and blog yes i have to i reckon what's the best product you ever bought from a
TV infomercial where yesterday our goal is four hundred votes we got three seventy
our goal is four hundred but that was by eleven thirty wasn't it yeah never said it too easy man
never make it easy on his lazy ass crowd it's a heat it's the heat the humidity the stupidity
the bad leadership the fat ass governor all of these things that combine and make Florida they
swamp that it is two hundred and forty seven of you never bought anything that's two thirds
meanly grilling machine fifty hands down it's the best they say
ronco show time with history fifteen ultra food vacuum sealer ten pocket fisherman ten
see they like the uh the George Foreman thing better than the food uh the uh the flavorway so far
ever try to cook a turkey in the uh lean mean grilling machine no you got to squash it first
i imagine ultra food vacuum sealer ten pocket fishermen ten the ionic grease air purifier six
the flavorway blocks up to six magic will apply under four magic bullet jackal and juicer
hey stand up straight jack pretend you're alive ronco knife set three the phlobe hair cutters got three
moving men three the ronco food the high rated two when it doth ride out the abslide to oxy clean one
Billy maize for oxy clean he's obnoxious Anthony robins motivational tapes one the guy they called
the singing bass has one the ronco vet vet vijamatic one ronco pasta makers got one and the walk
domestic pro mixer is still got the big oh this is five sixty two
burdened down to myself but it was orange silks remember that uh four more did american troops
in a rack but and they just showed it on the crawl they're not they're not talking about it's
just you know not even news anymore for more dead americans you know for years i've been
telling about dry concepts the best carpet cleaning company around but did you know the dry
concepts could also save you hundreds maybe even thousands of dollars in other areas too
dry concepts also specialize in cleaning your drapery a pulsary leather furniture restoration
macros cleaning or yet a rug cleaning pet odor treatments and water damage too dry concepts can
also clean and restore your talent grout quickly and efficiently dry concepts professional staff
always comes up with the latest cleaning systems invented under the sun during the month of august
take advantage of their summer scissor number two package and water damage special dry concepts
from carpet clean to talent grout cleaning everything in between it's the only place to call no
rip off no scams a written guaranteed price upfront every time before they start the job and
they stupendous unbeatable job too and they'd rather than the prom beaches column tool free
one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven
one are logged under their website dry concepts dot com feel Rogers got
yes you've heard about the place of jesus on a piece of toast the place on a bagel even on a
potato chip now you can eat like the kega kings with a new god pockets a little round taste
treats with a plaky crusts and the place of god or maybe with an else in all of
just lay your hands on the bed pop them in the toe servant and in just minutes they are hot as
oh yes you can have them for breakfast yes have them for communion or a heavenly midnight snack
also available in kosher when you smell the burden bush you know they're ready
go to pockets from the makers of mohamid bites right next to the pie a la mode in the
pre-succession say i mean oh man and that's for Pat Robertson here with Chavez
when we get back to this crack oh and you know this Kevin Trudeau this natural cures they don't
want you to know about this book there this phony book he's peddling on tv yeah what about him
yes where they advertise when you know the infomercials are just about everywhere including of
course in place you'd absolutely expect to see him on a weekend CNBC the crack the gambling channel
okay see i think that fits right in consistently with the fact that they pedal crap because that's
what they're famous for like the tech bubble and the new economy as opposed to the old economy
and all the other crap and run all the other stuff that they pumped up the dot coms and they cost
people billions and billions of dollars in their life savings and those are the people at pat
Robertson are to be screaming about that somebody ought to release you in the leg
bunch of grave robbers at CNBC the gambling channel peddling crap and putting that crazy gym
cramer on a year you lunatic you you you you fairy also they're running on scare america now i
realize that they probably hard up for advertisers on that network i don't want to tell you who show
they advertise on i think natural curers kevin chuto in fact i did i did a uh
google you know sometime you do a google search expecting to find a little bit and you find just
just tons tons of crap it just unbelievable stuff right have you ever done that oh yeah more than
you bargained for so the name of the book is natural cures they don't want you to know about it
and i did buy the book and i have never seen about 300 pages of such swill in all my life the
guy's not a doctor he's he's a former interviewer scam artist on these infomercials and now because
the ftc uh... came to the fact where's the thing here from the federal trade commission eight
marketers a self this is january thirteen ninety eight eight marketers a self-help and health-related
products promoted radio and tv infomercials have agreed to settle ftc commission charges that
ad claims for their products were false and unsubstantiated kevin chuto developed and hosted radio
tv infomercials from a for ranger products and conjunction with two
infomercial production companies mega systems ink and true vantage LLC many of the commercials
had names such as a closer look and were formatted to appear to be a commercial radio and tv
interview programmer talk show not the ads they actually were five respondents including chuto
himself and vetted or manufactured the products and services that were featured in the infomercials
and appeared in the infomercials promoting them and that's got a thing here about the eden secret
nature's purifying product that claimed the clear pms another illness and cost significant weight
laws totally false doctor cahillahans eviction breaking system uh... an infomercial for kevin
chuto's mega memory system claimed that scientific studies of a system showed it could have
anybody achieve a photographic memory total bs another infomercial touting a reading program
promised that anyone who could see here and talk can learn to read guaranteed defended jackie
sable also known as jackal and saveless promoter of the sable hair farming system and it goes on
and on and on the subtly fcc charges kevin chuto developed an appeared in all the infomercials
including the one for as mega memory system will pay a half a million dollars in consumer
redress and barred from making false claims for the products in the future he is also where is
the thing about how he's he's barred from um... doing any more of these interview things or any of
the products of now he's the uh... he's the guest he's the expert he put a book and they said he can
they can prevent him from writing books because of the fact it's for a first a member write freedom
of speech in fact i only put it out about how many articles on this i get so aggravated when i see
him on there you know very glib very like all and of course a lot of things he says are very appealing
because naturally most of us hate the f the year like poison and the pharmaceutical drugs all
and the because you watch the nightly news and almost every spot on there is for some prescription
drug or over the countercredit am i right right and fcc settlement with kevin chuto for
prolific market here is either appeared or produced hundreds of infomercials broadly banned
him from appearing in producing or disseminating future infomercials that advertise any type of product
service or program to the public except for truthful infomercials for informational publications
and addition chuto cannot make disease or health benefit claims for any type of product service
or any program any advertising including print radio internet television and direct mail solicitations
regardless of the format and duration chuto agree to these provisions and to pay the fcc two million
dollars the subtle charges that he falsely claimed that a coral calcium product can cure cancer
with other serious diseases and that a purported analgesic called biotate can primarily cure or
release severe pain now here's the here's the key to it the order bans future infomercials
infomercials for books newsletters other informational publications because that would
the infringe on this for us so what does he do he's talking to book and in his newsletter great
i mean you talk about slippery and slick and clever and slice of fox and i real crook who's been in
jail twice for unfurlony charges it's unbelievable this was in uh... it's the salon article okay
come on how many of these should i how many of these should i read all of them huh all of them no
now seriously back because i'm sure that some jerk out there oh and also one of the things that
it in infomercials he did was for narkin on you know what narkin on is it's a total of thousands
yeah i talked about that uh... before well good for you bought that because uh... you know
it's good for business the author of the best selling natural cures they don't want you to know
about claims to be a consumer advocate in the rough later mold but the infomercial king just wants
your cash they heading on this article by Christopher dreary's what kevin chuto doesn't want you to
i think i better do the break because i don't want to get into the jack pot there again like get us
all backed up like a broken toilet right just don't buy it okay just save the thirty bucks
for the uh... that's right take the thirty bucks and put it in a fine all our machine maybe you'll
hit the get a spin and get five thousand right right maybe get a spin and get like a hundred and
twenty five bucks it's better getting that book i'm telling you right now that book is a piece of
turd kevin chuto man how come this man isn't behind bars again although i do like him a lot better
than pat robertson twenty till noon at five sixty w two we got the more might stir it to a
cloud the door the door the door the door the four jesse agrard with marlin's extra seven why marlin's
i'd take it seven thirty followed by the marlin's and wucky brewers in any case i was the base
ball again marlin's are on the march manor they're gonna i think they're gonna win the division don't
challenge no chance but uh... i think they'll take the one one when i do say that um... i believe
the brave's of one at thirteen years straight no problem to do it for the fourteen
like a pretty good i've ardu partly marlin's organization yes i am and i just said i think they're
gonna win the wild card but don't say no chance they've got like uh... i'm a game is a guy with like
fifty games forty eight something like that when someone else wins the division one time i'll start
taking the other one i'll see so in other words the brave well so why bother playing a regular
season at all when i just draw straws for who's gonna be in the playoffs because if the brave's
are gonna win it every year if it's just taken for granted i got news for you man i've seen the
brave's this year a shadow of their former selves a shadow and gregg maddox by the way happy seventy
fifth birthday but i think i read another california report this week i want to talk to you about
the budget for the people when i came into office california was ready to shine once again so i made
a promise to the people that i will make government spend one money than we have and raise property taxes
and while you may be done always here about it outside of Sacramento i can tell you that in the
capital all the time i heard them tell me no state has ever taxed his way to prosperity or
financial health but as i've said many times before it isn't enough spending unless it is overspending
and i want to thank the people i want to thank all of you for everything that you've done to bring
california bankruptcy and now it's the time for the legislators to do their job this is the time
for democrats and republicans to come together and to do what is best for california rack up billions
of dollars in new debt thank you for listening you're welcome it's on forty seven thirteen before
the hour so anyway this fraud this baker kevin chuto i'm sure a lot of you've seen him all over the
place he's everywhere peddling crap nice i say right now that cnbc and scare american anybody
else who puts his crap on here how come they're not the liable for it i don't know we're always
told that right messengers just as guilty as the author many a late night channel server has been
numb to sleep by endless infomercials hawking ab machines penis enlarger psychic readings
and baldness cures but how about a thirty-minute fake talk show about thirty men featuring a slick
expert author who promises natural cures for cancer diabetes and chronic fatigue syndrome and
who claims that the FDA drug companies and food industry have what health such cures from the
public order to keep making bigger and bigger profits step right up folks into the paranoid world
of master huster kevin chuto who's book natural cures they don't watch it and all about climb to
the top spot on the new york times bestseller list for advice titles last weekend the data
this article by the way july 26th this year the fpc virtually vantuto from the airwaves last year
in an attempt to shut down an infomercial empire that is misled american consumers for years
but by shifting his business model from selling supposed cure-all products to peddling books
which are protected by the first amendment chuto's been able to slip past federal regulators
and continue to sell snake oil to the masses first it was infomercial and now via mainstream book
retailers like amazon dot com and barbs and noble reno our role an executive consultant handles
us retail and international distribution for natural cures says the book is so nearly three
million copies since the infomercial debut in september last year and he sees no end in saying that
success no one knows where this thing is going to max out we're just printing as many books as we can
roll a sense we're poised to make history here what we're doing could revolutionize the book publishing
industry and of course the fraud industry too even before hitting the bestseller list chuto who's
in his early 40s had built a billion dollar empire as prolific infomercial interior selling various
health and self-improvement products under the cover of night this despite a two-year stint
and federal prison in the early 90s after printing guilty to credit card fraud in a 1996
thing over the Illinois attorney general accused him of running a pyramid scheme while working for
a health products company called nutrition for life chuto and a codifin it settled at case paying
185 grand of Illinois and seven other states during that time the u.s. postal service and security
in exchange for michael so investigate his business dealings a close look at chuto's later run
in with the ftc in 1998 during which he and seven cohorts were accused of making false
unsubstantiated claims and ads on radio and tv infomercials cheds much needed light on his
character and says a lot about how seriously or not we should take natural cures as for the
stable hair farming system chuto's own mega memory system dr. calla hands addition breaking system
action reading even secret nature's purifying product and Howard burgs mega reading all came
under scrutiny they couldn't withstand we're going to be sharing dr calla hands revolutionary
breakthrough that he discovered while studying quantum physics the addiction commercial
infomercial went before claiming that the system cured compulsive eating as well as alcohol
cocaine and heroin addiction and led to weight loss without dieting or exercise this technique
will take sixty seconds to apply and works virtually a hundred percent of the time the ftc noted
as another claim it said the video tape sold in the infomercial show dr. calla hand demonstrating
his technique oh what hang on tight a series of gestures including tapping the face chest in hand
rolling the eyes and humming which have mimicked where they suppose a addiction cure did it say
what to mmmm i don't yell or was it texas yeah another pseudo product Howard bur all right by the
way for the poll the time life uh... what i do with that time life uh... cd yes yeah whatever
fifty sixties what are uh... when i'm in europe and overnight because in the first couple of days
of your body is an adjustments you can't fall asleep at the right time and you lie there and
and then like in germany on tv there's nothing anguish except cnn and cd the gambling channel
and the but on the gambling channel the good news is overnight they put on most time life series so
you watch the same ones over and over and just to fall asleep hmm oh yeah you see great like and
then you get to see these people like uh... i beg your pardon i never probably was that rose garden
who did that ten you want it i think that's right and then the worst part is you start singing all
those songs all over you can't get them on your mind because you just on whatever way word win
there's go e grant later understand by the way i'm sorry anyway uh... dr calla and demonstrate
his technique a series of gestures including tapping the face chest in hand rolling the eyes and
humming hmm well the way it's just pouring off of me which if mimic really supposed addiction cure
another pseudo product Howard bur is mega reading offered a home study program guaranteed to boost
reading speed and comprehension ten times over i have a letter here from a girl who has brain damage
berken fight another infomercial he was in a car accident half her brain stuff functioning was
electronically electrically dead according to the ftc then claimed that after using a system for
repair it as long as a coffee break her reading speed increased from three to six hundred words a minute
and true those on mega memory system which asserted that everyone has an in a photographic
memory that can be tapped into with his health was on mass two to show how fraudulent the system was
the ftc said it snippets of the infomercial such as kevin trudot's breakthrough techniques for
develop while working with blind and mentally handicapped students they were their recall ability
increased from fifteen percent ninety percent just five days as well as the infomercial's
claim that the system was guaranteed to work for you in the end trudot settled a case he was
find a half a million dollars in consumer redress and more against making false product claims in
the future but this didn't deter him in two thousand three the ftc charge trudot once more this
time setting another product coral calcium supreme the ftc argue that the claims made in trudot's
infomercial by dr. robber bob barefoot that calcium derived from coral reefs near open out with
your panca-treater cure cancer and other eels shut such as multiple sclerosis and heart disease
went far beyond existing scientific evidence concerning the health benefits of calcium trudot
settled that case as well but this time in addition to being fine two million dollars it was also
banned from appearing in producing or disseminating future infomercials that advertised any type of
product service or program the public forever now if i can just interject a little thing here when he
pedals his newsletter yeah he points out that unlike gerry noll and prevention which is a fine
magazine but they take ads his new letter doesn't newsletters and they can he has you want to why
no because he can't because he'd be he'd be up promoting a product and he's banned by law from doing
that now afterward two to allowably complain that the ftc was censoring him and started a website
called the whistleblower and which he tried to fashion himself as a new Ralph Nader a selfless
consumer advocate opposing profile institutions and defending the regular folk but two those claims
of persecution and martydom are hard to swallow for many he wasn't a censor that's just total
fantasies to dr. steven birit a health broad expert runs a network of watchdog websites including
quack watch have you ever looked at that one no so oh quackwatch dot com you love it and you'll find
a kevin chuto all over the place on that one what's happened is that he's not just allowed to subproducts
with false claims that's the only censorship going on chuto is the undisputed king of false
infomercial advertising continues there's a lot more chuto's tactics heightened with a cruel calcium
infomercial it was just one lie after another all orchestrated by chuto birit says he isn't any more
impressed by chuto's current infomercial for the best selling natural cures they don't want you
to know about the book which chuto self published is a paranoid mixture of self evident and widely
known health backs with very few of any natural cures it's almost immediately can't be except
that the information is so odd and alarmist natural cures is poorly sourced and peppered with
jaw-dropping of certainly such as the sun does not cause cancer sunblock has been shown to cause
cancer all over the counter non prescription drugs and prescription drugs cause illness and disease
or this tribute to logic in language if you read the labels of everything you put in your mouth
you'd see the name of various chemicals all the chemicals listed are dangerous manmade chemicals
they are poisons if you were to take any of those chemicals and just a large amount of one time
you'd probably die therefore they are in fact poisons his progestion mimics the gibberish favored
by online spam ads and he frequently uses screen caps to emphasize obvious points at one point
chuto implies that it was an undercover government agent and that because of his inside knowledge the
government and powerful corporations about to get him that we doesn't share what any of his
highly prized knowledge is and always lurking somewhere is the nefarious they of the books titled the
FDA and the FTC who are in cohoots with the drug companies which hold back the real natural cures
because they won't make any money if you're healthy on every prey page he strokes the paranoia
and the paranoia and anger generated by recent high profile corporate and government scandals
as well as the arrogant health insurance and pharmaceutical industries but don't worry not only
when his book save you but you can also get go to his website naturalcures.com for more information
and for the real cures all for lifetime membership of just 499 bucks or monthly fee of just 995
in essence the information sells the book which sells the website which nets 2.0 tons of money
but there's nothing strictly illegal about chuto and natural cures heather hipsley assistant director
for the division of advertising practices at the fdc who supervise the commissions case against
chuto explains books are fully protected speech he can author a book and voices opinions the line is
informational materials okay products and services banned that goes on a great let's
on our website i think it is what there's one of mine about it don't find a book okay i wouldn't
even waste my time reading it if it hadn't gotten to like number one on the new york times best
sell list because there's so many desperate sick people out there so many people who are mistrust
and rightfully so the fda the medical profession and all these things but he ain't got the answers
baby and don't forget some doesn't cause cancer okay good i'm glad i'm going to lay in a sun for
hours today just fry until your skin is like until you look like pd Lenny it burns till you look
like Ron now what's his name which one run it on beddington right no one the other one oh
droneable right runs your animal with that leather skinny look like a cigar store Indian it looks
like a totem poids in front of a u-floatem store i was speaking of idiots it's a very hopeful
period it's 1157 at five 64 more american soldiers dead in Iraq w i just mentioned that in passing
if your hair is vanished now there are all kinds of guys on tv hawking hair systems they're hawking
the holes in the head and the pills all of this stuff forget about that go see my good buddy chuck
alphiary he'll get you a great looking head of hair at a very reasonable price charlie's been
help on famous guys and not so famous look their best rover 30 years now
but third man with his natural hairline system the best in the universe don't forget the most
critical area of any of your system is the hairline as opposed to looking like a musk red dot and
your head or you have a bunch of straw on your forehead this looks like the real thing like real
head it's going out of your scalp and you have nothing to lose but that ugly balls bud that makes
you look about 20 years older because charlie's work is completely guaranteed he tried a system
for a month for about 30 days and after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and
smells if you're not getting more action than you ever dreamed you possibly could just return it
for a full refund make the call today tell charlie you heard about it here on the near
Roger show get your summer special QAM $200 discount off the regular $800 price of that natural
hairline system call today toll free 1 800 321 24 13 and charlie will actually show you just how
much better and younger he can make you look 1 800 321 24 13 around the wicked web it's Charles alphiary.com
this is mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM welcome Christy alie hi you look great how much
weight have you lost 200 pounds okay what do you weigh now that's a secret no no tell me 300
are you a bitch eater I'm actually not a binge eater unless you consider the bends between
Halloween and Valentine's I understood you caused quite a scene at a sizzle restaurant when you
ordered the all you could eat shrimp what happens I just see these guys going by with wheelbarrow
and I was like oh my god how many wheelbrows of shrimp did you eat 16 that a girl I notice you're in
the tabloids every single week yeah if I reach out of the headlines will you tell me if they're true
okay here's the first one post office aside's cursty alie's ass it's oh zip code did that really happen
yes seriously okay this tabloid says pita rescue's live gazelle trapped between cursty alie's
grotesque is that what drew yeah wow it was sad oh bad and I have one last tabloid that says
NASA to send unmanned spacecraft to far side of cursty alie yeah how many days will it take it
to get there um eighty we're out of time cursty but real quick I heard that you haven't had sex
for a while no how long has it been you know I've been celibate for four and a half years because I
think I'd become like a born again virgin let's tell you at cursty I'll hump you but only if you let
me tie a two by four around my ass so I don't fall in bring it oh I'll bring it oh yeah she
just bundles of fun man makes me want to gag all my soul my little goddy and her gweedle family oh yeah
there's a really good show on a and e last night something about some fags serial killer I'd never
heard of before in chicana or india all right and so come nine o'clock and here comes the goddy what
it was was that show call growing up throwing up yeah puberty and so I sat there and just
disbelief and she's got this I don't know what he is he's like a resistant right hand girl
a screaming flaming old queen on air he's like a gay uncle charlie oh I just don't understand
how that can be on the air for a second season no less or speaking of that state singe
affordable hostets first ever sex as foe in November after receiving in principle approval from the
tightly controlled city states authorities a local newspaper reported this past weekend singing
for that's like where if you're jay walking they just I'm asking a question they just blow your crap
away right they singe a poor place of already imposed certain conditions for organizers uh no
obscene ask can be put on display and all exhibits and promotions will face government scrutiny
ears the straight times newspaper reported only paper in sage 21 or older will be admitted the
exhibition will feature furniture designed to enhance love making and an erotic toy section
of paper set an exhibition on the history of condoms is also scheduled for the show singe a for a
tiny wealthy southeast asian city state of 4.2 million has been attempting to shake off its
well-known stuffy image and officials say they're trying to loosen the shackles to cater to a
generation exposed to overseas influences all of us perverts but restrictions about cosmopolitan
magazine can only be sold if rack to avoid browsing by minors and programs like HBO sex in the city
and six feet under have been screened with cuts by this country's censors singe a poor also outlaws
oral sex and homosexuality of course you fairy official say it citizens want want censorship
police can immediately be contacted for come yeah they want censorship just like bushes on
well you know they want freedom and get out they don't want democracy they want religious
fanatism overwhelming that's what they want that's what their constitution is all about
religious fanatism that's why there is a civil war going on there right now and you
ain't seen nothing yet i should probably play assume you're later and i never did play that the
Rocky bowling oh well look at to it my time plenty of time until a momyster
dot dot dot dot dot dot the usual uh bunch of missha goss probably out of the day couple of
I don't know, is there something?
A couple, anyway.
566705.
Not that I don't have a huge pile.
You know me, when I only do these two shows a week, I have a big gigantic pile.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines.
How many QA&A?
How many C&A leaders?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, this guy Kevin Trudeau.
He's got a big portfolio on Nightingale Kona.
He's been doing it for years.
He's been hocking this stuff about the memory that was his claim to fame.
Right.
And basically, the current artist, the Carnival Huster.
Hey, man.
You hit it right on the nose, Dave.
Don't buy the book.
Don't watch TV at night, either.
Okay.
Okay, okay, thanks.
Or early in the morning, on Sunday, every channel has got infomercials on.
That's when you want to get up early, George.
Get up early on Sunday when I see infomercials.
I'm telling you, it would broaden your horizons.
You'd love it.
Flip around.
I get up early every day.
I don't have a voice happening.
And you haven't seen the magic bullet?
No.
Do you ever see, huh?
I avoid the infomercials.
I know.
I feel like they're hockin' me.
There are some of them that to me are so entertaining.
I watch them like, like, watching a show.
I want them over and over again.
Let me take something back.
I watch the Spanish language underwear infomercials.
Yeah, I've been.
Yeah.
I'm watching one right now.
Deputy QAIM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm getting a million stickers that say, send the twins.
Yeah, good idea.
Can we just pass them out from your website?
No problem.
Thank you.
See you.
Send the twins and shoot panrobertsin instead.
There you go.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
Here is a man who goes on TV on his 700 Club and announces, suggests that we ought to
assassinate a...
And elected a world leader.
But forget anybody.
He's on the air advocating murder.
But don't forget.
Choose life.
It's a culture lie.
Oh, which reminds me, we got to get to that story about the skin cells, change the human
stem cells.
Well, speaking of you reminded me, I saw that bitch, I forget her name on that.
Is it MSNBC?
Oh, I've been there.
I've read it down.
Huh?
Read it.
Read it.
That's her.
And you're right.
How can she be on there?
She can't.
She wants to be like another...
What's the one that we hear like poison on CNN and in everywhere else?
Oh, I don't want to.
What about a phony subendrol?
Oh, Nancy Gray.
Nancy Gray.
She wants to be another Nancy Gray.
She wants to get all these cases that the media looks at me.
Everybody up the Aruba case and the BTW killer case and all the BTK.
Whatever the hell I think I was.
Oh, okay.
She's going to be there and she's going to be the great journalist and explorer.
Oh, she is.
How could you people at NBC?
Are you out of your mind?
Are you looking for her to have any ears?
Can't you hear this woman?
Can't speak.
Get about the crap that she's spewing.
She needs an iron lung.
Man.
Plus, as me as they come in, she is.
So ugly, she makes red.
It looked like a hallowy burry.
That's how ugly she is.
God.
They don't go be hasty.
Oh, speak about it.
There's hot non-pachachi.
How this type of structure is going to be established?
Well, he speaks with a speech defect.
He's like looking and minting their hot non-pachachi.
You want to patch and focus?
No thanks.
I just had one.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's information.
Girls going wild.
Boom.
Yeah.
Yeah, you probably paid for some, but not those.
See, that wasn't the crap.
Now, how about that?
How about the videotapes?
Huh?
I haven't bought them, but I know people who have.
Girls going wild videos.
That's good.
That'll get 8 million.
That's the one they've been waiting for.
Excellent point, sir.
Here's Robert's job.
What is it?
Robert's in scovets.
No, like he said, it's on there every five minutes.
Is he sitting down or is he doing a manny bill jumping around like a Mexican jumping?
Yeah, that's what he's doing.
He's jumping around.
He's big.
He's losing the take-and-doggy down.
He's okay.
He can't hit.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
George failed to mention that you watched the Spanish language lens underwear commercial.
Yeah, I forgot to make it.
Hey, let me know what channel those are on.
Sixty-know-that, about you.
Scientists for the first time have turned ordinary skin cells in what appear to be embryonic stem cells.
Oh, my God.
What are we going to do?
We got to say we had a preserved life, saved that skin.
Without having to use human eggs or make new human embryos in the process, as has previously
been required a Harvard research team on Sunday, some pretty heavy-do-these stuff, man.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
See, the flat earth anti-striens crowd, they're not going to get their way because other countries
are going to look and they're going to laugh at us like they've been for years now, especially
since the 2000s, which was stolen.
And they're going to say, you people must be crazy.
We're not going to stay in the stony.
You go ahead and do whatever you want.
We're going to continue moving forward and curing disease and solving all kinds of things,
even without Kevin Tudor.
The new technique uses lab growth, human embryonic stem cells, such as the ones that President
Bush has already approved for use by federally funded researchers to reprogram the genes
in a person's skin cell, turning that skin cell into an embryonic stem cell itself.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Moreover, have you just talked about this yesterday?
No.
Oh, why not?
Short trouble.
It seems like, oh, that's right.
The yesterday ball, you got a ball game Thursday.
Only it starts at 205, so the pre-games only are 130.
What a bogus.
Where they play?
I'm going to walk you.
And that's that bud Stephen again, okay?
He probably has something to do with the fact that they're on central time.
What a jackass.
I shouldn't have said that.
Geldier, get upset.
Moreover, since the new stem cells made this way, are essentially rejuvenated versions
of a person's own skin cells.
The DNA in those new stem cells matches the DNA of the person who provided the skin
cells.
In theory, at least, that means that any tissue is grown from these newly-emitted stem
cells could be transplanted into the person that treated the disease without much risk
that they would be rejected since they can't constitute an exact genetic match.
Until now, the only way to turn a person's ordinary cell into a personalized stem cell
such as this was to turn that ordinary cell into an embryo first and later destroy the
embryo to retrieve the new stem cells growing inside a process widely known as therapeutic
cloning.
That prospect, like others in the promising arena of human embryonic stem cell research,
has stirred strong emotions among those who believe that days old human embryos should
not be intentionally destroyed.
They're walking.
They're talking.
They're living.
They're breathing.
They're whatever they're praying.
They're voting right.
They're dovening.
That's right.
They're voting right wing.
So this is some pretty heavy duty stuff.
And now you'll see in the Congress, you'll see that some of these are right wingers, probably
like Bill Fist.
They're going to use this as an excuse to say, oh, that's right.
Now we changed their mind because we don't need those embryonic stem cells.
We'll just scrape off.
So give me some skin, man, right?
Right.
Give me some skin.
Now back in my day, that back doing it old day, kicking it old style, that had different
connotation when you said, give me some skin.
You said today people tend to run 12, 14 and 5, 60 WQ, QAM.
We got it from 31 and 5 and 2 months of the parallel.
Our job, find them and kill them.
Huh?
There's a hot 10, I don't know.
My partner, God, she's got it from a prank shot when a police agent.
Screening neighbors describe her suspect as an elderly Jew with a glowing nose and a bad
temper.
They call the moment.
You just say, hey, man, I don't give you a hot time.
I guess, you know, I got the belly of three through your hands.
Shut up.
Something at the door.
Yeah, what do you want, Mr. Moments?
How do I let you?
I'm George Orton.
I guess this is my partner, Josh.
Like if we come in and take a look around.
Why shoot it?
You'll have to forget that cheesy aroma.
How's that?
You know, it is some houses they can smell a little funky.
Yes, sir.
But, what are you looking at?
How's that?
Now, see here.
This is a paint-free tier of many fishnets.
Don't make me give you a game.
It's medicinal, see?
I got karate noises in the door.
Yes, sir.
Don't forget any funny ideas, Bob.
I'm sure you know.
No, sir, we have to do this.
Hey, George, is this marijuana?
I have never been caught.
I have never been caught.
I have never been caught.
What are they coming from?
I have never been caught.
I have never been caught.
What are you doing in there, son?
I'm a racist, man.
He was going to rape me for filming on a show.
You were ideal, Mr. Orton.
Well, maybe your ideal, fun is getting the mentally deficient high
with a gateway drug and maybe raping him.
Or maybe it's Mugs like...
Shut up.
Looks like I'm going to have to take a pianolistic stance.
The more money was sentenced to 30 days of being a silenade to build Commalms
and later beg to be shot.
You fairy.
Twenty past noon at 5.60 W.M.
This story I love, I absolutely love it.
Nations where fewer people attend church tend to be more generous
than their support for development in poor countries
than those where church attendance is much greater.
You're making that up.
I beg your pardon?
You're making that up.
No.
According to the Third Annual Edition of the Commitment to the Development Index,
the CDI published this week in Foreign Policy Magazine.
The Index adjoint project of Washington-based Foreign Policy
and the Center for Global Development found that Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Australia
and Norway retained their top rankings among wealthy countries
for their healthfulness for poor countries from last year.
Italy, Ireland, Greece and Japan were the least helpful of the 21 countries ranked by the index.
The index noted that both the $12 billion in private and public aid
pledged by wealthy countries and the citizens for victims of last December's devastating tsunami
and the debt relief deal announced earlier this summer
for some of the world's poorest countries contributed to improve performance by most donors.
Nevertheless, the least church-going countries give more to charity and help people out.
Denmark, the Netherlands, those heathen bastards in Amsterdam, Sweden, Australia
and Norway, those weegins.
Well, there's Pat Robertson.
Pat, saying, is long, is anything but peaceful, and characterizing activist judges
as being more damaging to America than terrorists?
Chavez has said that he believes the US will assassinate him, the left wing conqueror.
I say, let's get Pat Robertson first before it's too late.
He's more dangerous than any terrorists.
That's right, him and all his religious nut jobs, man.
And I'll give you an idea of what the hell would I do with it?
Don't tell me I got off of it.
I got off of it.
Uh-oh.
No, no, I just had a MSNBC poll and I'll come up here and I'll get up.
What's wrong with this woman's neck?
Ooh, man.
It's not purple and swollen.
He must have got attacked by the purple people leader.
Is that a big Adam's apple?
That's a man, baby.
Wow.
Yeah, she could pass for a guy.
I would be like, chop that hair real short.
Mm-hmm.
She's a lot more macho than that guy on the ground with Gaudi.
I don't want to look at her now.
Oh, see, what is that thing?
I think that's photographic.
Oh, holy cow, what is that?
It's like she's got a gigantic purple tube in her neck.
It's a man, baby.
No, that's a big purple tube.
Anyway, that's the internet national anyway.
So we don't know where she's really sitting because that's a gym trans guy.
I'm telling you between noon and two,
noon and two,
CNN is like cutting back on the budgets.
That's why they're firing everybody.
That's why you got that sky miles of Brian on there,
like 24-7 along with that stupid,
sole dead bitch of Brian.
If Pat of Brian were still alive,
they probably stick his ass on there.
Anyway, when you see the result of this poll,
this should tell you a lot you need to know about what's going on in America right now.
MSNBC, they've got 50,000 votes on their poll.
A little bit more than we got.
Oh, you're right about that neck.
I can't stand it.
Oh, for more than a year,
was a year ago this month.
That is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life.
Did Pat Robertson go too far
by calling for the assassination of Venezuela's president Hugo Chavez?
That's the MSNBC poll.
50,000 votes, not sure 4%, yes, 80%, 17%, say,
how do you like that?
17% say no.
They like it.
I say, let's kill them.
How do you like that?
Round them up.
Yeah.
Mike Peter Marshall used to say on Hollywood squares,
turn about his fair play.
So turn around.
But we wait till October 1st.
You do realize the good news since we have to spread the good news.
That's what the Lord wants us to do.
Spread the good news of the Gospel of Jesus.
Today's the 23rd of August.
That means you got eight and 38 days.
Almost enough to make me want to play 38 special.
38 days until October 1.
Then, like you think it comes in and gives you like a dirty look.
And you think maybe he's going to fire your ass or say something.
Just blow his crap away.
That's all.
I have no, Mattie Bell comes in there.
And starts, oh, George is talking about ass again about just step on him.
Squash him.
And then blow his crap away just to make sure October 1st.
So look at that pull result.
The fact that 17% condone this kind of lunacy.
Yeah.
Well, it's the week 17.
Keep in mind that in Florida, the pull, it was a favorable result.
A sizable majority of the people in Florida and that pull agreed that it was a great idea.
Maybe that's why they like their fat ass governor.
They like violence.
So you get pissed off.
Somebody taking your parking space.
They look threatening to you.
Somebody sticking their nose into your mail.
What are crap away October 1st in Florida, baby?
I don't think you even go to trial.
They just say, oh, okay.
Just slap down the wrist a little bit.
Take away your purple star on gold jelly bean.
Or is it the other way around?
Remember, we talked about earlier.
So all this anti-American feeling here.
Travis is still in Cuba.
He has spent the whole weekend in Cuba promoting what he calls new.
We already said he said the hotel is here.
That's what he said.
So just like Hyman Roth.
Maybe that's why they try to assassinate Hyman Roth.
That guy that we looked up last week on the, whatever the guy's name was.
They used up with Al Niri.
You better start brushing up on your Godfather.
When you're through watching those infomercials, you better start going back to Godfather Uno, man.
Godfather's in Uno is two of the fine pizza joints from the past in South Florida.
Let's do that again, shall we?
No.
The last thing I need to do is start getting whipped up about food.
No more food.
Enough of the eating already, okay?
No more.
Because eating leads to two things, okay?
Yeah.
The fact.
And then excreting, neither which are pleasant.
See what I'm saying?
Well, I don't think he can say that anymore.
I mean, expatory activity.
We can't discuss any specific, but we can say like in general, can't we rejoice?
No.
Oh, sorry.
Maybe there was joy suddenly with that purple neck.
You think that was that way?
I mean, until you mentioned that, I probably wouldn't have noticed it.
If any starts staring at it, she had a purple shoe.
Her neck was supposed to be.
Man, I bet you, even Adam's wasn't that purple.
And his neck either.
Not in the garden of Eden.
See, everything comes back to Eden again.
Ice cream.
Then when I come home next time, I'm sure that there will be a lot of that cold...
What is it?
Cold stone cream?
Stone cold cream.
Oh, stone.
What is it?
It is awesome is what it is.
Damn it.
And it'll make you fat and give you high blood pressure and diabetes, which I already have both
and make you sick and get your blood sugar away up there and make you like die.
But, oh man.
What a way to go.
Well, I look forward to having Geltie on there again through his day morning.
Next, we want to hump her back so I can rip his good buddy Jim, what's the name?
Mark's.
Not Jim Mark's.
Sorry.
Who the hell's Jim Mark's?
Another old, sun-central columnist, Jim Mark's.
See how I got all these names?
They're not necessarily in the right order, but I got them all back there in the recesses of my mind somewhere.
See, I got like a peculiar form of Alzheimer's.
In other words, I don't forget.
It's just that what is in there is like, no, no, no, it's not worth supposed to back.
You need to go through the index files and straighten them out.
27 past known at 560 W here.
I'm speaking to Alzheimer's the moment.
A lot of people are trying to forget.
You're two, like it or not.
And when you're shopping for shoes, comfort and fit are what's all about and of course price.
And now, why does she keep putting this line of yellow?
And you know what they do?
This really just frosts my ass.
They don't change the copy.
You know what they do.
They put it in that word processor thing and so it repeats.
They repeats all the old stuff, including stuff you don't want in there.
And then they put in like a different, they changed two words.
I got news for you, honey.
She is just absolutely the ultimate in disaster.
You're a good close personal friend, right?
Ultimate in disaster.
Anyway, do the smart thing when your shoes start wearing out.
Take good care of your feet, man, because when your feet go,
I see all of these people like it would buy.
And they got the walkers.
They even have the walkers with little wheels on the bottom.
You know, they're doing little wheelies.
And they got a headbreak on them too.
Yeah.
Well, if you don't want to be walking like that,
if you want your feet to be in good shape,
get over to Brandy's for the most comfortable, perfect fit in your favorite style of shoes.
Brandy's here is a humongous election just about every major brand,
like Rockport, Floreshrime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS,
New Balance, all the other top names.
And Brandy's professional shoe footers will make sure you've got a perfect customized fit
of your favorite shoe, just ask for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit every time.
And chances are they got the style and in your size on a shelf,
ready to slap your feet on it.
You can bet Maddie Bell's life on it right now.
The pros at Brandy's understand fit and comfort.
Brandy specializes in wide wits too.
Brandy is his well worth of trip from just about anywhere in town for comfort style fit value and selection.
Brandy's shoe is 1290 North Federal Highway Pompano Beach,
opened daily till 9, Sunday's till 5.
And all this wicked Brandy's get Rockport Pro Walkers for 4290.
And Rockport World Tour is only 6990, wide wits and most styles.
So be sure to get into the store, visit them online.
Do your shoe shopping there at BrandySews.com.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 560 QAF.
Did what any of us would do?
He went on vacation.
President Bush wanted my part vacation.
Damn the consequences. It is my style.
It is hard work. It is hard work. It's hard work.
My job is to do my job.
I will do it the way I think is necessary.
I will set a vision. I will lead.
And we will just let the ships fall where they may.
And best of all.
I decide to quit.
Big change will be for us.
It is hard work.
Everybody knows it is hard work.
It is hard work.
I know that human being and fish could call it just peacefully.
I will get back to work.
That is it.
I already caught it.
I bet he likes that singing fish.
The singing bass.
He has probably got one in the White House.
Several in that.
Singing bass too.
Anyway, what do we got on the pool?
Our goal today on our pool for the audience.
Because it is the 23rd of August.
Getting back to work.
Now the kids are back in school, right?
Oh yeah.
For quite some time now.
487.
Our goal is 580.
I thought it was 200.
I think we can look at the schedule this week.
We have all these ball games on.
We have some marginal people on the air.
We always have some marginal people.
What is the best product you ever bought from a TV infomercial?
Never bought anything.
315.
64.4%.
The numbers going down.
The infomercial people are starting to make their voice heard.
The main thing is grilling machines.
66.
The Ronco Showtime Rotisserie.
16.
Just set it and get about it.
Yeah, forget about it.
I'll try food back in the Sealer 13.
Pocket Fisherman 13.
Just stick it in your pocket and squeeze it.
The Onigiri's Air Purifier 12.
The Flavor Wave Deluxe oven 7.
I just don't know what to say.
I'm then...
Oh my god.
Yeah.
What does it take to convince you?
I mean, like they didn't send it to me for free.
I guarantee you that.
In fact, I bought four or five of them.
Why don't you go to their house and demonstrate it for them?
Cook them with something.
Yeah, your mama.
Hey, listen, you continue using your archaic crepe and I'll use my Flavor Wave.
The Flobie Hair Cutter 6, Dry Clean, what is it?
Oxectline 5.
Anthony Robbins motivational tapes has got five.
You go Anthony with the good...
He looks like he's out of this world, you know?
And he looks like from another planet.
If it's the guy I'm thinking of, he looks like a...
I think I would have been the big tall guy with a square jaw.
In fact, his whole ambiance, he kind of reminds me of that woman with a purple neck.
You're gonna keep him off the same ship.
Ronco Knife said five.
That's the one that Uncle Shlomie's on.
Moving men for the Magic Bullet Blender 4.
The Magic Bullet.
The Jack Laine Juicer 4.
He looks a little juiced old Jack.
Time-Life Music Collection 3.
The Ronco Foodie Hydrator...
How come we don't have Girls Got...
Oh, they're with her.
Ronco Foodie Hydrator 3.
Girls Got a Wilds Got a Pier.
Big one.
Singing Bass has got two.
The Ab Slides got a Pier.
What about Solo Sex Afflecks?
What about it?
They do infomercials.
Right, let's take it on there.
I know a couple of people that have one.
The Solo Flex.
In fact, I used to have a big...
Oh, what the hell was his name?
The guy did the Solo Flex spot Scott Madsden.
Oh, that's right.
You're my same guy.
Huh?
I remember used to talk about it.
Oh, Scott Madsden.
Wow.
In fact, I used to have like a huge picture in the day in Glassbrook
or something I threw it out.
That somebody gave me a Scott Madsden.
And every time I looked at that picture on a wall, I would ask myself...
My God, is that thing real?
Anyway, Ab Slides to RoncoVageMatic1, the RoncoPostmaker1Walkfit
and the Thunderstick Pro...
Oh, mixer, I've got the big...
Oh, I hate it.
Or maybe they just didn't buy it, huh?
Find a product.
Find a product.
Now we're not going to put herbal life on there.
Are they still in business?
As far as I know.
Remember the guy that died with a slick hair?
Yep.
Guy in his 30s, I believe.
What the hell was his name?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What's the name of that guy's name?
His name was Herb?
No, it was not.
Herbalife.
Find a product.
Find a product.
That's all he used to say.
They had all these herbs and vitamins, and they were going to do all these curers, you know?
He was even better than the Carl Calcian guy and the Kevin Chudo.
Find a product.
In fact, I think he died from drugs, but not the kind he was peddling, other kinds.
Speaking of being on drugs, London police mistook...
Look at him.
We want to tell you about a country that is literally in flames.
Yeah, it was official.
It was official.
Okay, you know what he said?
He said in Portugal, they're all in a fight like that.
See, this is CNN International, and they're sticking on it.
They're trying to fool the public.
I'm telling you right now, folks, CNN...
The people that worked there ought to be ashamed of themselves.
And that's so called the expose ahead on last night.
The clock was the biggest piece of turd.
It was like a five-year-old child knows everything it was in it.
There was no news.
There was no expose.
There was nothing.
Here we've got a government that lies.
We've got all these people dying.
Not just Americans and Brits, but we've got all these rackies.
Based on lies, based on a crack, a crack.
Well, they should have attacked us.
And that's the best they can do is put that swirl on their last night.
Please!
I know you won't read it, because anybody that's interested
already read this book that the stuff we got on there, like Bush's Brain.
I mean, they're looking at that picture with Jesus on there.
I like that.
What is that thing?
Oh, it's on the parrhobe.
Here's Jesus on the parrhobe.
Yeah.
He looks like he's enjoying it too.
And then there's that naked ass right underneath Jesus.
He looks pretty excited about that too, but what's that we got?
Bush's Brain.
Not Bush's Brain.
What's the thing called?
The World of Corn to Bush.
Yeah.
That's still on there.
Please don't tell me that that's gone.
Why not?
Oh, no, Eric.
Please don't tell me that that thing moved or is gone or anything like that.
I got all those stupid ass cartoons on there.
Where's the good stuff?
Maybe it's down at the bottom.
The World of Corn to Bush is underneath that guy who's feeling the change.
The guy who's a bike.
Oh, OK.
You know what I'm talking about.
No.
He wants to be the mascot for the Yankees.
The World of Corn to Bush.
You didn't look at that.
You didn't look at the Downey Street memo.
George Galloway.
Huh?
Yeah.
All of that good stuff.
Where's the power of nightmares?
There it is.
Right there.
Right above that obnoxious dyke and colder.
State Department Analyst warned the Clinton administration in July of 96 that
Osama bin Laden moved to Afghanistan.
We'll give him an even more dangerous haven he saw to expand radical Islam.
Well, beyond the Middle East, but the government chose not to deter the move newly classified
documents show.
And we'll approve a prescient warning.
The State Department Intelligence Anecologist said in the top secret assessment on Mr. bin Laden that
summer that his prolonged stay in Afghanistan were hundreds of Arab Mujahadin received terrorist
rating and key extremist leaders often congregate could prove more dangerous to us interested
in the long run than his three-year liaison in Cartoum.
I'm not going to race him.
But he classified documents obtained by the conservative legal advocacy group to initial watch as part of
the information act request and provided the New York Times should light on a murky and
controversial chapter in bin Laden's history.
His relocation from Sudan to Afghanistan as the Clinton administration was striving to understand
the thready pose and explore ways of confronting him.
Before 96 bin Laden was regarded far more as a financier of terrorism than a mastermind,
but the State Department assessment which came a year before we publicly urged Muslims to attack the US indicated
that official suspect that he was taking a more active role including in the bombings in June 96.
They killed 19 American soldiers and that the Kobar towers in the Rand Saudi Arabia as well.
Two years after these state departments were running along with Mr. bin Laden formally
in French and Afghanistan and overseeing terrorist rating and financing operation,
Al Qaeda struck two American embassies in East Africa leading the failed military attempts by the
federal administration to capture a killing in Afghanistan three years later he struck an eye 11.
Credits of the Clinton administration accused of ignoring the thread posed by Mr. bin Laden in the middle.
They keep saying Mr. in the mid-90s while he was still in Sudan and they pointed claims by some Sudanese officials
that they offered to turn him over to the Americans before ultimately expelling him in 1996 under international pressure.
But Clinton administration diplomats have adamantly denied they received such an offer and the
9-11 commission concluded in one of its reports that it hadn't found any reliable evidence to support these Sudanese claim.
The newly declassified documents don't directly address the question of whether Sudan ever offered a term bin Laden over
but the documents go well beyond previous news and historical accounts and detaining the Clinton administration's active monitoring of bin Laden's movements
and the realization that is moving Afghanistan could make them even greater national security threat several former senior officials
in the Clinton administration that returned phone call seeking comment this week through the time.
Can't imagine why, can you? No, why? Can you be the guy like a little something under a push? Something so easy,
I got like a purple neck. This is Neil Rudder. This is 5.62.8.
Bitch. Absolutely.
So what's the deal? I wish I could fit in a big wheel.
Can you see what it now caught me to feel my fear? The whole thing's so real. I'm dying over here.
What a man. It's the same as a gun shell and a head. I feel like I have to rob a bank to feel my bank.
Thank you so much Mr. President for those low gas prices. Jim Clancy, I think maybe it's a benefit here that's in international,
that they're sticking to somewhere two hours every day. I remember how I told you in the past that when I'm in Europe and I watch you in an international occasionally,
you'll have some skating stories and a rip bush and ass and the rip the right wingers and ass.
Jim Clancy, during that bit, he just ripped the fat Robertson a big bloody ass. It was very nice going down.
Just ripped him like crazy and even Bill Schneider was given the Schneider.
The bush and it is informatory because it only feeds the critics of the United States in Latin America,
which has in many ways in Brazil, Venezuela, to some extent Argentina, tilted a bit to the left in recent years.
It just feeds their sense that the United States wants to exercise a big stick diplomacy there,
talking prominent American, talking about assassinating a foreign leader. That is actually very, very dangerous and inflammatory.
All right. See, like I said, thank you for seeing an international.
Let's just take that domestic like Wolf Bliskring and put them all on a leaky boat.
All right. It's a vet as well.
Jim Clancy pointed out he said Robertson over the years has always played on Americans' ignorance about what's happening in the world,
the foreign affairs and where countries are and what's happening around him.
And he's absolutely correct.
Let's go to Jim. Isn't he one of the Clancy brothers?
5, 6, 7. I mean, I'll take some more calls if we're going to get him here.
We don't have any at the moment and we got to wait for delay, you know, like 10 minutes, whatever it is.
I mean, I'll take some. We're not building any pooled in. I'm sure that you've been getting the intellectual calls when all of these week,
but I'm just saying, okay, I mean, this great summer schedule that I love so much ends on September 12.
I don't know if I ever told you this. I think maybe I probably did.
The only reason that I'm doing Tuesday and Thursday during the summer, he's last, you know, forever and ever.
You know what it is?
Greg hates me.
9-11.
Oh.
See, back in November of 2001, just a couple months after 9-11, is when, in fact, it was really early November,
because I remember just before my birthday and I was coming up here.
And Norma Kent and Greg were better be, but it would be, you remember that whole deal that came right down to the last day and he came
Waltson and they were 1230 with a contract. You remember that crap?
And in a moment of stupidity in a couple of weeks before that, while they were still negotiating this whole deal,
because of what happened with 9-11, remember they had us all terrified and the world was never going to be the same again.
Like this was going to be an ongoing, we're going to be like terrorists attacks every week or whatever.
And so I said to Greg, I said, well, I'll do Tuesdays and Thursdays because there's obviously going to be a lot of stuff going on in the news,
and so like a schmuck on the one that did that.
I mean, it was going to be a done deal regardless. Is there any question about that?
No.
But when I said Tuesdays and Thursday, I'll do that. I mean, there was like a volunteer there.
Why do you want to go to the show?
I don't mind.
I mean, this is a fine schedule because this way, like, I kind of keep my thumb on it.
You know what I'm saying? Keep it like in touch a little bit. I don't want to be out of touch like Tom Jicke,
who spends all of his spirit time in LA getting winded and dying and chilling for all those TV shows that are coming in the fall.
I don't want to be like that.
Let's talk about Lee Tub and Hollywood.
Yes, you go.
So that's how that came about.
This Tuesday and Thursday crowd.
I said you were in something today. I'm sure the audience is like, wow, I don't want to be like that. No, they don't care.
What's the best product you ever bought from a TV infomercial where we're asking it on our pool today?
We only got 521 votes. MSNBC, they got 50,000. We got 500 lousy votes. How do you like that?
That's the kind of, well, what do you expect?
You know what I would like to do? I keep, I keep mulling this over. I wouldn't mind spending the money. What would you like to do?
I've talked about it many times and you'd like to just ignore me. I'm about taking out an ad in USA the day and some nationwide publication.
Like, I don't know, a quarter page, whatever. It might cost like four or five grand. I don't know what it cost.
And like, advertise our website.
Yeah, I just agree.
Why?
Gordon's talking. You don't think that's a good idea for wasting money. Yeah, it's an excellent idea. I think it'll be an excellent waste of money.
There's a word that comes to mind. You know what it is?
A boy.
Yeah, that's one of them. I go on, Geldie. Under achiever.
Okay. Yeah. Well, in other words, you don't strive for another reason. It's not about that. Remember the so far campaign.
If we want to be like the rest like Greg and like his remember group of the big hands that you raised money for the so far campaign.
Yeah, all that. Remember, but I'm talking about beginning more people to read the stuff and to like they would listen online.
Don't you understand that?
I could say more money.
It would be nice if it hadn't effect. I just don't think it would.
Now, the only thing it would have had in effect is if you know, the show would have gotten syndicated. Yeah. That would have never had that effect.
We could have changed that last election. I guarantee it. I don't want to sound like an ego maniac, but I guarantee it.
I could have changed that last election. But you know, when you deal with the silly theory, I mean, you know, what can I tell you?
Lots, I'm sure. Yeah. I could probably tell you lots of stories all the way that he says Brian Craig is still wasn't all I could.
That's what I don't really mean by that, but he keeps saying that. He's good cook. I'm sure. Yeah. Anyway, it's just a look.
I don't want any complications. Everything is just fine. The way it is and the checks keep showing up.
By the way, Thursday's payday clearance. I just mentioned that for the third or fourth time just to try to make sure that it might arrive on time in my life.
I never worked for a company that just, you know, and their whole mentality. You know, it's interesting.
They don't want us to talk about a B C in the end. Don't mention this. No, but on the other hand, when it comes to our money, it's like, well, you'll get it when we're good and ready.
You know, I got my bonus money. You did. Wow. That's pretty timely.
Was it early? No. Well, I mean, they still had some time. That's what you mean. Yeah. Wow.
Wow. Let's hear it. Holy cow. They're starting to treat George with a little bit of respect. Not much. A little tiny bit.
Maybe they like the job you do when I'm under Wednesday and Friday. I doubt it. That's funny.
Maybe Greg is calling up purposely. You know, that George would read is he's going to be great when he'll hangs it up in three years.
Yeah, let's put them on permanent. Certainly. If you're them, what are you thinking about?
In other words, I got three, three years in a couple of months, whatever it is. And then that's it sports then back to sports.
Get out of here. Sports my ass. Well, I'm sure who are they going to put on Stugots Jr.
Sure. They're going to put on Lenny Martez with Jesse Al-Aggler. They're going to put on six-gyle-levy.
They'll do another national talent search like the one they did when they found Howard David.
Oh, they're going to play that's an idea. Moment. They already got like two to four.
I'm going to take a walk in a moment.
Three more years. I wouldn't I wouldn't play that for a headmo. Not not after your what Gildi's got planned for you.
Can you say he was going to put some kind of a Jewish curse on him?
Yeah, he said he was going to like to run as tithes together and like put a curse on the moment.
He said he was going to like rip his mizzo off his condo door. Traces of bomb grade Uranium found two years ago in Iran came from contaminated Pakistani equipment
and is not evidence of a clandestine nuclear weapons program a group of US government experts and other international scientists has determined.
See, we just say this now before they start the Iran invasion is if we have troops to go in there which we don't.
The biggest smoking gun that everyone was waving is now eliminated with these conclusions.
Said a senior senior, said a senior official who discussed this still confidential findings on the condition of man and the many cosy values his life.
Scientists from the US, France, Japan, Britain and Russia met in secret. You know the scientists don't should they're doing the work on L.
St.
During the past nine months to pour over data collected by inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency, the IAEA,
a co-D US informed officials recently the group whose existence had not been previously reported definitively max samples of the highly enriched Uranium,
a key ingredient for nuclear weapon with centrifuge equipment turned over by the government of Pakistan.
Okay, that's the chigger and the wood pile. Okay, make no mistake about it.
Iran has long contended that the Iranian traces were the result of contaminated equipment brought years ago from Pakistan,
but the Bush administration had pointed to the material as evidence that Iran was making bomb-grade ingredients.
Here comes that mushroom cloud again.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.60 Q.A.L.
We just got the rail and when I'm up in Belkettika, slapping old women with painted lips around the pole,
I listened to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean I listened to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours.
Well, what a whew, whew, whew, whew.
Baby's launch a couple missiles,
through the order of place we know,
absolutely.
And name a matter fellow,
whose first name begins with a note.
There's one thing we all understake,
Palcato will be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
A ride we could chase around forever,
with our tanks and all our troops,
that special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
And we need another plane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense,
and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Now clear the needs and nuclear tanks.
Why don't we stop to see food,
and blow up Pakistan?
Absolutely.
Home on Jetray, I'm Montreal Canadians.
Number five had a very ugly nose.
The Reverend Grayland Scott Hagler writes,
Pat Robertson is not a Christian,
who is the Reverend Scott Hagler.
He's National President of Ministers for Racial Social Economic Justice,
and Senior Minister of the Public Public Aviation,
the United Church of Christ in Washington DC got it?
I was just about to ask.
Pat Robertson's suggested this past Monday,
that President of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez,
be assassinated by operators of the USA,
though his comments are newsworthy because of his following
in the 700 Club and his political stature
and role in political religious right,
his comments however are out of sync
with everything that's been handed down to us
from the teachings of Jesus Christ.
What I'm suggesting here is that Pat Robertson,
individuals of his ilk,
are not practicing or preaching Christ,
but have become adherents of a political movement in this nation
that attempts to use Christianity
toward their own narrow political ends.
I believe that there is a role for Christianity
in the events of the world,
but the teachings of Christ lead us to love one another,
strain and stress to understand each other,
and dear to know each other enough that we come to an understanding of one another,
and from that creative world that has not built on might and winning,
but on understanding and unity.
Clearly the comments of Robertson defied the framework
we find in the gospels of Jesus Christ.
Some may argue that Christ existed another time,
and didn't have an understanding of the kind of world we exist in today,
but any follower of Jesus knows that he was human
and he was also fully God,
and therefore his understanding of the world,
humankind and our needs were not captive at a time that applies through all time.
Knowing this, I don't see anywhere in the gospels of Jesus
that he condone, suggest or advocates, murder or political assassination,
instead Jesus reminds us to be where a Pharisees and Robertson
stops and others have become the Pharisees of our contemporary world.
What do we find in the good news of Christ?
We find love is expressed continually and unseicingly.
The gospels had managed us to do on, onto others as you would have them do unto you.
We find words in the gospels that define the mission of Christians
as the elevation of the poor, freedom for those who are oppressed,
salvation for the lost, and hope for the hopeless.
Jesus says, come unto me, all of you who are weak and heavy laden,
and I'll give you rest.
He doesn't say come to me, those who are looking for political expediency,
and I'll show you who and how to assassinate.
Sure there's been trouble in Venezuela,
and some will suggest it's communism struggling to raise its head.
Others will suggest that the poor of Venezuela have been poured too long in a nation
that's the fifth largest oil producer in the world.
Thank God that doesn't happen in Saudi Arabia, by the way.
Some will suggest that too much of the resources have been in the hands of two few
and that the poor of the land have found hope in a political leader, Hugo Chavez.
I would not suggest that Chavez is a saint for no person is perfect,
but I do know that Chavez was elected even while the greatest power in the world
of the U.S. did everything possible to thwart his election.
This is hardly the neighborliness that Jesus Christ calls us to emulate.
I'm continually amazed at how so many preachers have ceased to preach Christ
or to proclaim them out of the rich simplicity of his teachings
and have resorted to a kind of theology that is not gospel-based,
but it's based on a narrow point of view that keeps the powerful, powerful, and the poor poor.
Therefore, it's impossible to justify the comments of Pat Robertson.
His comments are not of the gospel he claims to preach,
nor the teachings of Christ, that any Christian claims to love.
Instead what Robertson has to say is based on a paradigm for the most conservative voices in this country,
and those voices have no God except themselves, and no soul except this self-explanatory.
Very much, Robert. About Jesus. What? Go tell it on the note.
Okay, I'm going to go preach it right now.
I've got to preach my gospel like Howard Beale.
There's Purple Deck.
I mean, he's back. Purple Deck is back on CNN.
Let's see, looking on the listening on the web, finally got out of Miami,
or listening is what I think it's what they're trying to say.
Listening? Look at it says, listening.
They're listening on the web. Finally got out of Miami.
I don't care what George says. I'm loving life in Anderson, South Carolina.
Oh my God. No wonder they're saying, listening.
One for the pool, Gensu knives.
All right. Got it. Got it.
Gensu knives.
Keep him handy in South Carolina.
You never know who your neighbor's might be.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't know why I'm giving the numbers out.
I don't want to take a couple of calls. I got such a huge pile.
Somebody QAN. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay.
Hey, listen. There's two things that I brought over the TV,
and I got a comment. I brought one of them both.
Flex things.
Mm-hmm.
And one of them, five masters for my mom.
It works so good.
And also, Neil, would you happen to catch a Sunset Little Page 2
about the two farmers in New Mexico that got souped by the U.N.
the immigrant?
Can you make me tell the, did you read about that?
No.
Okay. Sunset Little Page 2.
Two U.N. immigrants came over with a border, kind of like invaded this guy's land.
He kind of helped him hostage for an hour, so I'll give him milk and cookies to carry him.
One go, and supposedly the illegal immigrant sued him for beating them.
This guy, I think, is in his deed. He's a lawyer in Atlanta.
Yeah.
The farmer.
Okay. One the case through two of the farmers in jail,
and just basically he would disguise wherever money for the illegal immigrants.
Isn't this great?
Great country.
America, baby.
Zined America.
You're lucky.
You'll need it.
Milk and cookies.
I mean, you know, what's wrong with that, right?
Well, maybe it was not worth it.
Now, what's everybody around in Sudan says, well, they wanted to find out the American F and way right away, man.
So was asked, and they did.
That's a good start, right?
Sure.
Give him a couple of credit cards.
Give him a social security card, and he'll be the 57 Chevy and turn them loose.
Of course, you got to give him a couple of thousand bucks so they can afford to fill up with the gas.
Don't forget the radio, sorry.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those bought a $66 of barrel.
All right.
Now we're talking, man.
Oh, speaking of propaganda, look at this chavez and Castro.
But it's not just solidarity, hospitals, schools, even tourist hotels like this one are full of an Israeli's here to undergo all types of medical treatment.
In exchange, Cuba gets 90,000 barrels of an Israeli oil a day at preferential prices.
And Castro also gets something he lost with the collapse of the Soviet Union, an unconditional and rich ally.
Under the Cuban's influence.
Well, thank God the U.S. government didn't like pushing them in that direction, though.
Did they know?
Remember we talked a few months ago about the DVD thing and about my going out there and wasting that money on the DVD player with the, for my, the HD, right.
Efforts to come up with a compromise on the next generation of DVD format appear to have stalled.
That's the bad news.
So I saved it for last hour, bad news.
Technology giant Toshiba and Sony have been and talks about bringing together rival DVD technologies, but the two are planning to go ahead with their own formats after talks on a single format failed reports the Japanese daily Yomuri newspaper.
Toshiba with any sea in Sanio is pushing HD DVD while backers of Sony's Blu-ray include Dell and Samsung.
Love my Samsung.
Don't let me forget when the Humber comes back next week on Tuesday to ask him how he likes the Samsung HD TV that I talk him into.
They're ready to tell you it was great.
Yeah, that's right.
The next generation of DVDs do to go on sale later this year and it's quite about Gary Sarnas' hey, Gary, we're going to trade your whole house.
How do you like that, sweetheart?
We're going to have like milk, it can flash it.
We're going to change the dishes all around.
You're going to burn in hell.
You lunatic.
Hey, Gary.
You're fairy.
The next generation of DVDs do to go on sale later this year will be able to store much more data including high definition video.
This offers incredible 3D-like quality pictures which made your Hollywood studios and games publishers are extremely keen to exploit.
The class between HD DVD and Blu-ray Pearls, the battle of generation ago that we all remember many of us remember very, very badly between V.A.
Well, I mean, it wasn't that big of a battle because you know, who now had a beta, right?
Suts.
Generation ago between V.A. and V.A. and Max, which resulted in demise of V.A. to Max thank God.
The groups back in arrival next generation DVD formats had been keen to avoid a repeat of the format wars of video.
The negotiations between Toshiba and Sony on coming up for the hybrid DVD system of Stalled with Toshiba pressing ahead with production of HD DVDs.
Maybe I'll see about that on that underwear that guys underwear show you're watching.
Maybe they're wearing HD DVDs.
Toshiba is planning to launch our first HD DVD products by the end of this year to do that we have to start production of the software for by the end of this month's at a spokeswoman.
However, neither side is closed that are on developing a single format.
We haven't set a time limit for the talks at the Toshiba spokeswoman.
For its part Sony said future negotiations will be held if there will be an opportunity for it.
Sony plans to put a Blue Raid disc drive in its new PlayStation 3 game console next year.
Blue Raid backers include Apple, Dell, Hewlett Packard, Samsung, and Diny.
HD DVD supporters include Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, and Warner Brothers Studios.
Blue Raid disc can store 50 G.G. by quality data while Toshiba HD DVDs can hold 30 G.Bs.
How many?
Fuck third man!
Both these formats offer much better quality audio and video and could also mean there's a lot more space for interactive elements.
Analysts say that new technology might be able to overcome the problem of different DVD formats much like multi-region players can play DVDs from any part of the world.
The bottom line is we're going to want to have it spend more money, right?
Oh yeah, they have this.
But I mean if you're going to spend a lot of money for an HD TV at the very least they should have these.
They should have this at all ready.
Should they? What do they do?
They do have.
Huh?
I mean I went out and spent all that money for that Samsung HD DVD player.
Right?
And to be very honest with you, you'd have to have the sharpest eye in the history of the human race in order to be able to see any difference between, you know, there's very little difference.
Because you still play in the same disc with limited clarity.
Right?
Oh, not three more. Is this an addition to the formality?
I don't know.
Now mid to violent violence kills three more Iraqi troops in Iraq.
So now if that's an addition because they had a blurb on about three hours ago, they need to timestamp these stories.
Yeah, we need to know is it seven is it for not that anybody's counting you understand because they're just, you know, they're just numbers.
They're not people anymore.
They're just numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere.
This is what is discussing in road test.
Here's a group of lunatics who talk about choosing life and they've got so much blood on their hands that all the, all the comic cleanser in the world ain't going to cleanse it.
And here they got this lunatic right wing preacher man who, you know, he and Bush have got a lot of in common because they both, they're both stupid and they both talk to the ignorant.
They both have that appeal to the ignorant element in America.
Yeah, we discovered is like a little more than 50% the, that crowd scary.
But don't forget to choose life until, of course, after we kill you go chavez 12 minutes after one at 560 WQM if you're looking for a high speed internet service, you want one that's fast, reliable, easy to use.
In short, you want the best one available anywhere.
You want the number one high speed internet service provider in America, Comcast high speed internet is what we're talking about.
It's 100% pure broadband network blows away the competition with speed up to 15 times faster than the S.L.
You can download music, photos, streaming video online games faster than ever before simply put Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around with features like the fan, video email, security manager, radio plus, it's more intense than ever before.
And right now you can get yourself Comcast high speed internet for just 9.95 a month for the first two months.
So call 1-800 Comcast and get the number one high speed internet service in the country today.
Certain restrictions apply call for details toll free 1-800 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 Q.A.M.
How young is too young?
How many days will you go to walk all the way?
It's the biggest movie of the year from the director of Duke's of Hazard.
For those legs, come over here.
Just like a Simpson stars in...
He's definitely waiting for names.
I noticed your initials for a devilish move.
Boops of Hazard.
You're the one with the baby suit.
I woke up this morning and I felt like I was moving.
They're dying to see you and your giant hid boops.
They had a cake in the shape of my boops.
Hey God, my boops are like art.
My boops, did you see them?
Jessica Simpson in boops of Hazard.
My boops may need a voice.
I can still be on the corner of my hand.
3D, X-ray glasses for the first five rows.
Let them...
It's 1-18 and 5-60 W.
Come on, how many votes do we have?
5-5-5, man.
Woo!
And that were 5-6 of the way to our goal today.
Our goal is 6-6-6.
Isn't it?
Okay, why not?
I just made it up.
We can do it.
We got 42 minutes to get another 100-11 votes.
We can do it.
6-6-6, man.
The Antichrist on a radio baby.
We're doing it.
Speaking of the Antichrist.
In minorities.
Yeah, there he is.
Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld.
I got a great idea for it.
Terrorist made poses homeless for surveillance to the government.
That's not on the...
No, I want you to listen to this.
A little asking for increased vigilance in the wake of the London bombings.
The government is worrying that terrorists may pose as vagrants to conduct surveillance of buildings and mass transit stations to plot future attacks.
Vagrants.
Homeless.
Yeah.
Told you to conjure up any images of people standing out here on Speed Corners.
So, in other words, to protect ourselves.
Especially if I tore after October 1st, if you're hassled by the homeless...
There you go.
Yeah.
If you have bad aims, so be it.
Yeah.
Let me say it again.
Shoot him in the leg.
And I can't think of anything much more menacing than when you're sitting in the sanctity of your automobile.
Right.
Spend 80 bucks for a gallon of gas.
And you're sitting there with a stoplight trying to be a good citizen.
You know, sitting there waiting for the light to change so you can go.
And here's some...
Some...
Some s'marm-y looking creature come as an overview and like...
They look menacing.
They look dangerous to me.
Shoot him in the leg.
Absolutely, man.
Absolutely.
Starting out, October 1 in Florida.
No questions asked.
Then you're going to see a change in their altitude.
You know what?
Can't wait.
And light of the recent London bombings, it's crucial that police fire an emergency medical personnel take notice of their surroundings and beware of vagrants who seem out of place or unfamiliar.
Shoot him in the leg.
Said the message distributed by email to some federal employees in Washington by the US Attorney's Office.
It is based on the State Department report that was issued last week.
The State Department had no media comment this week, but their mum for the moment.
Because they're afraid that we might...
Shoot him in the leg.
The warning is similar to one issued by the FBI before July 4, 2004, that said that terrorists may attempt surveillance to skyd this homeless people.
Shoot him in the leg.
Shoot shiners.
Shoot him in the leg.
Street vendors.
Shoot him in the leg.
Or street sweepers.
Shoot him in the leg.
The email stresses that there's no threat in a attack that is intended to be informative, not alarming.
Oh my God.
But nevertheless.
Shoot him in the leg.
Homeless people easily blend into urban landscapes the message said so.
Whatever you do.
Shoot him in the leg.
This is particularly true of our mass transit systems where homeless people tend to loiter unnoticed.
Oh yeah.
If you see somebody along the metro fail, homeless, loitering.
That's right.
You know what you do?
Shoot him in the leg.
And referred to a recent incident in Somerville, Mass in which a police officer became suspicious about somebody dressed as a street person.
The officer dressed as a street person.
What a line that is.
Stop and think about that.
How do you dress as a street person?
Oh you see the people that work here, don't you?
Oh yeah.
He's just going to say dress like me.
The officer question.
Yes I do.
The officer questioned the man discovered he had a passport from a country of interest.
Typically a Middle Eastern or South Asian nation, a country of interest.
And a checkbook with a questionable address email said the investigation is continuing.
But just to be sure, are they?
Shoot him in the leg.
Somerville police had no comment.
Three British citizens were inducted in the US earlier this year in charge of the conducted surveillance of the New York Stock Exchange.
Other East Coastans on the Constitution in 2000-2001.
I know what we're going to do with them.
Shoot him in the leg.
Just in fact, in the poor Brazilian guy in London, if they would have just shot him in the leg, he'd still be alive today.
Discovery of the scene.
And the excuse they gave as well.
He's going to detonate that bomb.
So we got to get him before he, yeah.
Discovery of the alleged terrorist plan.
Here probably the Homeland Security Department to raise the terror alert for targeted buildings located in New York, Washington, Newark, New Jersey.
Security in those cities was all infected.
They were going to Newark and you see anybody you don't recognize?
Shoot him in the leg.
Right.
Just to be on the safe side.
They've ever been to Newark?
Yes, in that effect.
Oh, God, what a horrible place.
If I ever had to go to Newark and saw some people I was-
Shoot him in the leg.
Homeland Security was also-
also raised the terror alert for mass transit following the July summit in bombings.
The war was lower in August 12th.
So everything's okay.
Stand down.
You know?
Stand down, but not too far because-
Shoot him in the leg.
Yeah.
Wow.
That is really something.
The guests stopped.
They were heading to an early afternoon wedding on a yacht dock near Atlantic City in the US.
They ended up in Jail and Stead courtesy of in the Libered Ruiz by US Federal authorities hoping to bust up an international smoke.
When you hear this, Dore, you're going to shake.
I mean, the lengths that they go to, it's just amazing.
Lengthy undercover investigations on opposite sides of the country resulted in indictments of 87 Asians and US citizens on charges of smuggling counterfeit money, drugs and cigarettes in the US.
Law enforcement officials said yesterday.
Authority said they seized 4.4 million dollars in high-quality fake $100 bills.
A lot of things some of those-
They'd work real good in the spot machines that-
Night of Falls in New York.
Or maybe the ones that we're going to have in Florida.
More than a billion dollars-
And ecstasy, meth amphetamine and vigour worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.
And don't forget crystal message destroying your neighborhood whether you believe it or not.
You noticed that they're just in a frenzy about that lately?
Yeah, that's the new one.
Do you know anybody whose life has been destroyed by crystal meth?
No.
I know somebody whose life has been destroyed by crystal, but two.
Some of the cigarettes were made in China acting, acting assistant attorney General John Richter said.
The money appeared who had been produced in North Korea to official set on condition of anonymity because there are ongoing counterfeiting investigations involving similar phone and currency.
Agents also see 700 grand in fake US postage stamps and blue jeans worth several hundred thousand dollars.
FBI deputy director John Pistoli said.
In documents run sealed Sunday in Monday in LA in Newark, New Jersey.
There's that smelly Newark again.
59 people arrested during the weekend in 11 cities in Canada and the US including Baltimore, Chicago since an Eddie.
Vegas, LA, New York, Newark, Philadelphia and San Diego.
Eight of those charged were arrested on their way to a fake wedding.
Here comes the good part.
A world arrested on the way to a fake wedding called for 2 p.m. Sunday off the Jersey coast Operation Royal Charm was named for the YAH.
The affair was seven months in the making and the bride and groom were actually undercover FBI agents who worked with the accused muggers for seven years since Christopher Christie, the US attorney in New Jersey, no relation to Lucriste, although he did mention that lightning struck these people.
Twice.
Invitations were sent out and date was given RSVPs were received from different points around the world.
Christie said it just to the Department of Newt conference.
One guest even bought a pair of gold presidential roll like watches New Jersey FBI specialty didn't charge Leslie G.
Weiser, Jr. told reporters in Newark.
They were a sure transportation being provided to the yacht.
They were taken into custody instead.
Surprise.
Some of the men arrested Sunday appeared in US District Court in Canada, New Jersey on Monday clothing that appeared appropriate for a wedding.
None of the counterfeit money or drugs minutes went into circulation but some cigarettes did.
So next time you light up those faggots you better watch out.
Okay, you better not pout because they might be counterfeit.
The hordes.
They have those little worms crawling around in them.
Agents posing as smugglers arranged to import the fake cash cigarettes stamped with a marble on Newport brands and drugs in cargo containers that arrived in ports in Long Beach, Los Angeles and Newark.
The California Operation which the bulk of cigarettes were seized was dubbed Operation Smoking Dragon.
How do you like that?
The containers carried in phony manifest that identify the goods inside his toys.
Rotan furniture, other items.
Wow, that's pretty retanned to me.
I'll tell you.
26th after lunch speaking of Rotan of rotten uh...
We got the molemyster with two, man.
Nobody ever accused him of being rotten to the court today.
Well, except guilty this morning.
He was good this morning, wasn't he?
That was funny.
He was a nice guy.
We like when he's in a better mood.
He did make some cost of chemons about what a toilet that place was there.
Well, he's always got that panther getting to back him up.
We got 570 votes.
We got...
We're never going to make it to 666.
We need 96 in 34 minutes.
That's three a minute.
Are you kidding me?
We need to start pouring in and chunks now.
574.
Huh?
Can we do it?
We can do it.
You see, leave it to me.
You're one of those guys, like I said before, when I talked about putting that ad in USA today.
You know, I wasted the time.
You like you want to, you know?
He just wanted to like study, like because we've been working on that station too long.
Just take your way through life, take the easy way out.
It's the point.
You're right.
Gordon's healthy.
Yeah, good point.
All we do want to get to 666 or Josh, yeah, don't be really p-oed.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 to 72 and 4 years, Armstrong, Fortohomes did.
He's always treated everybody like family.
They want to extend them off or to either join their family right now.
Ford nationally is extended to their Ford family plan.
I'll offer through September 6th and right now at Armstrong, Fortohomes did.
You'll get the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families get.
Not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong, Fort's exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
And for limited time with any new car purchase, you're going to get a car TV free.
So what could you possibly be waiting for?
Pick up the phone right now.
Call our friend David Rich at 305-247-5112.
He'll guarantee that you won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace.
No bait and switch, no phone, any deals.
This fantastic offer is waiting for you only at Armstrong, Fortohomes did.
Where they always treat you like family.
Armstrong, Fortoh is proud to be locally owned and operated by President and General Mangler David Rich says,
bring your family to meet our family at Armstrong, Fortohomes did.
US 1 at Southwest 307 Street just 20 minutes south of the 836.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace else in town.
So check them on the web.
Armstrong, Cars.com and then give David a call at 305-247-51.
Trump and ask him about the Ford family plan today.
Grab a few miles extra and save yourself thousands at Armstrong, Fortohomes did.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
Done as dirt.
Yes, we're at a bit of a cleared place.
You can't win this.
Who's good, Paul?
He's a holy man.
Holy.
She's sexy and damn.
Yeah, let's try it like I'm tellin' her by cat or axe.
But the weighty road will cost him to know this love of her dog.
I like cold, I can't shoot anymore.
Here's something that goes through.
He's a sick boy, he gave up to him.
To a wreckful king.
Wreck them.
He's a king of the free.
There's no need for a friend.
She's that ugly friend.
Oh God, holy crap!
Give her the damn.
Holy crap!
At the chief hotel, they were going well from the parking lot.
First block has been working here.
There's a lot of us here.
And when this got banned.
He has a toothy in the chuck of the bottle.
You're lonely.
You're lonely.
He's that ugly.
That crazy monster.
So why don't you ever remember?
Well, he took a dream of the thing.
But that went up the tree.
Let's go play the tree.
See you on a day.
He might candle stick.
There's no way to win.
Turn your collar in.
Feel the number free.
Let's go play the tree.
She thinks he's the fine.
At 79.
You're the end of the world.
25.
I don't know if we're going to make it.
1952 seemed to be stalled out there.
We're looking for 666 on a pool.
I don't know if this audience is up to it.
I'll get out and push.
You've got to push it.
I'm going to push it.
I'm going to push it.
I'm going to push it.
Here's another one for the pool.
The cube grill.
The cube grill.
Here's the latest.
This is just from the New York Times.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The first place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
The third place was a huge religious robberts in the day.
Some of Michael's statements about Islam went over the line.
And this isn't the first time he's been reprimanded for insensitive language and comments.
But it's a good thing he wasn't working a QME.
He's gotten suspended.
At least, instead of fired.
I asked Michael for an honorary acknowledgement that some of his remarks were overly broad and expliquably he refused.
Michael is also tried to position this by saying that we were pressured into taking discipline reaction against him.
For the record of the record of the record of the record, our decisions independent of external pressures are third parties.
We will not permit an employee to willfully violate our policies or disregard management direction.
He must know joyous.
You know what?
So Michael Graham got joyced very also noted that although WML PD Randall Bloomquist was out of the station this weekend a long-time vacation,
he was in the loop under the decision to terminate Graham.
You're fired at it, Mike.
You're fired at it.
Okay.
You got these schmathas all that out of shape and you're fired at year-out.
The gations of death of PFC Patrick Toman in Afghanistan.
Does this indicate at all that the initial death gets more caution as his parents claim?
I was not aware of that.
Oh man, you're a secretary of defense in action, baby.
Wow, is that incredible or what?
It's very credible.
You know, liar, Hermann Gehring would be proud sweetheart.
This, not the new Roger.
This is five sixteen Howard.
Seven, you know, during the break they had like vote.
Those were pouring in by the ones.
Well, I'm not going to like fall just a handful short.
I guess what I'm doing right right now is beginning of the fall.
What are you doing right now?
I'm heating up a great, we need for lunch in my...
No comment.
I am in my flavor wave.
The last seven.
I'm cooking up a bratwurst baby.
Six twenty nine.
If this audience doesn't come through for us, work finished.
You know what I'm saying?
We'll just stay on till it turns over.
Exactly.
We'll stay on the middle.
You got it.
And then the Lord said, let there be light and low.
There was light from the same people who brought to the much beloved talking Bible.
Comes a new 10 volume set, brilliantly updated for the eighties.
Yes, it's the wrapping by the wall.
There was dark everywhere, then the man said, lie and the light was there.
He said, I've done good, there's no doubt.
On the seventh day, he just chilled out.
Genesis, Genesis beginning of death, beginning of death.
I am living a good work in that.
And his word is, not death.
Check it out.
There's a cow called Spina and the moron.
Everybody body black and low tomorrow.
God's a damn set, now my fall.
Don't look back or you turn to stone.
That's why it's a repeat.
Start at the free.
The cow came up and left that seat.
Take a leg, ya'll, I'll let you go.
Imagine all the sun, all the parabolas, every sacred, identical word, interpreted by the finest, succumbed to the empties of all time.
Genesis, Genesis, Genesis, Genesis, Genesis!
From wrapping by the wall, making his word fresh again.
See, this is what happens when you put pressure on yourself, you're right.
Take the easy way out and quick make it up stuff that you can't accomplish.
Six thirty two.
Huh?
We can do this.
We need thirty four more in 14 minutes.
Are you crazy?
Yeah, well a little bit.
Look at that.
Six thirty seven.
We need twenty nine votes for six six six.
I mean, what a phenomenal accomplishment that would be.
Remember, we're really going to show out with Santa Golda Days for like 250?
Whatever.
Our Golda Days for like five votes.
Because we realize it's the dog days and plus few people don't give a crap anyway.
You're not highly motivated.
If teens had their choice of a car, they'd take a Ford Mustang, according to a recent poll.
But parents want to put the Mustang into bottom of the list of cars they want for their kids.
Yeah.
Oh man, that brought where smells good already.
And see, the good part of that is in that flavor way that I said it for like...
I said it and I walked away.
And then even let's say I put it on about twenty or for sixty minutes or about four minutes till two,
it's going to be done but it'll keep that little heat thing, you know, keep heating it.
Yeah.
An online poll administered by the vehicle pricing company Kelly Bluebook showed that drivers aged 16 to 25 ranked stylish vehicles,
such as a Mustang or Jeep Wrangler is their top vehicle choices.
While their parents preferred something more sensible like a Toyota Corolla.
No comment.
My mother had a little Corolla that I bought her that was perfect for her for she was nine years old.
Good, my leg.
The 2000 high, especially when she drove it.
The 2000 Honda Civic ranked highly with both parents and teens.
It was top choice for parents, third choice for teens.
The 2001 Mustang and the 2002 Corolla were the most polarizing cars.
The Mustang was the favorite for teen drivers, but ranked dead last as a car driver.
It's all on the Cedar Kids Drive.
What about a 2005 vet?
Too steep.
The Corolla was the car teens least wanted to drive it or ranked second among parents.
Young drivers who often have very image comments, image,
conscious prefer this for the cool cars, but parents seem more concerned with safety and practicality
when it comes to having the children behind the wheel.
So Jack R. N. Rad executive market analyst for the Bluebook.
The online poll which was conducted at Bluebook's website asked young drivers to rank eight used cars they would prefer to drive.
Used cars, what kind of shluppers.
While parents were asked which of those same vehicles they'd pick for their kids.
The poll had respondents choose from a listed used vehicle's price at about 10 grand.
Overall, 399 parents and 509 young drivers took the poll.
Only in market in market used car shoppers were surveyed.
Said Robert Eckert and he spoke to him for the Bluebook.
The survey had estimated two to three point margin of error.
Top choice among kids was the 2001 Ford Mustang, getting 27% of the kids votes followed by the 2000 Jeep Wrangler
and the 2000 Honda Civic.
The 2000 Volkswagen Jetta and the 2000 Accurate Integral Wrang 4th and 5th, while the 2004 Ford Explorer and 2002 Toyota Tacoma took six and seven.
The 2002 Toyota Corolla was ranked last, getting only 2% of the votes among young drivers.
See that's why parents and their kids hate each other.
Parents on the other hand ranked in the 2000 Honda Civic as the first choice to their kids, earning top choice among 22% of the parents.
The 2002 Toyota Corolla in 2002 Toyota Tacoma followed as the second and third most popular choice by the parents.
While the 2000 Accurate Integral and 2000 Explorer took fourth and fifth, are you like that?
Okay.
I'm not going to make any comment about Mustang for obvious reasons.
I prefer Corvettes.
And you know what?
Sound I make when some punk pulls up alongside me and they're Mustang and they're real hot shot Mustang.
And I'm sitting there in my 2000 Corvette at the stop light and they're racing the engine and looking at me, you know what I'm saying?
Look at just like that.
And I look at the rear view mirror and chuck a little bit.
656, we got it, made in the shade, baby.
Oh, I told you, you're all bent out of shape about it.
No problem.
Did I say that?
That's right.
Just relax.
No pressure whatsoever.
I can't, I can't, uh...
Oh, I know, is it under Samson?
See, this is the problem.
And of course, you're a guldi of this yourself.
Yeah.
Put these stuff in and then you can't find it.
We did it!
See, there you go.
I can do it.
We did it!
Find that.
We did it!
We did it!
That was around that storm.
That was so unacceptable as it was.
Unbelivable.
Ridiculous.
You know, he doesn't know nothing.
He doesn't hear nothing.
He doesn't hear nothing.
He doesn't hear nothing.
He doesn't hear nothing.
The scene of evil is here.
How can these people still be at office?
I don't know.
I mean, we're living, we're watching, we're seeing this.
It's happening right in front of our eyes.
Some of us lived through a moniker gate.
And we lived through water gate.
And this is going on now.
And these people are still in power.
They have theirs.
They have theirs.
the Democratic Party man is it talk about weak sisters even the sisters of the
poor and blind would be embarrassed by their weakness my god give me a breath
6.69 oh my god this audience come through a little bit more we'd like to
have ended right at 6.66 see I can always find something to bitch about no
that's good in fact you know something I'm thinking a goal was 700 wasn't that
so you're just you know see that you're you're a beaten man that's right between
your wife and that station man you're a beaten man once you just admit it
uh what's he denying it I know they have beaten you into submission
well I'm so over it well and I'm supposed to be the daughtering old fool and I'm
having one well of a good time very very no thank god I'll say although
uh interon oh you know this is a meal Rogers this is 5.16 Q.A.L.
Bill God I gotta dry my hair seriously when I scratch my thick black
ass hair thick look it's like to come forward off my ass looks like it's snowing
I mean you know I got a banner from like on my scalp only I got it on my ass
too so I'm thinking what if I get some action would have brought me right and
maybe she gets all puky on me on a count I got asked like right so I asked my
pharmacist and he recommends a new acid shoulder shampoo he told me to get rid of
puff skin diseases like seborious or I assisted some other one I forget right
now anyway I've been using new acid shoulders and it really works well it's
curved that likey itchy burning on my big fat ass and on my head too so get
asking shoulders who knows maybe you'll get some ass okay that's good I just
made that up I should be an appetite do some shoulder shampoo who knows maybe you'll
get some hands right them 157 okay now we're gonna got in the 700 votes but we
don't want to show off okay plus George a B.D. Press because he's like he's
looking at life from a different point of view from like the the fetus point of
view from the bottom right from the bottom looking up so I can only get better
680 votes the best product you ever bought from a TV info
commercial never bought anything 414 60.9% probably smart although I'll tell you
one thing that flavor wave sure is great don't buy it though because you
probably well might enjoy it and that's bad and Florida yeah we don't want that
we know anything that you might like might be good did you hear that I heard a
beep but you hear it that's my bratwurst man is that great or what and I was just
gonna sit there and it'll say well what does it say on that thing when it goes off
I don't know I don't use it you don't use it I have people that do that I see
but you never I just got a cure I said never took a look at that was it's
I've got that in yeah still heating it says you got a little like just relax it
says it just walk away the lean mean the mean lean grill machine George
Foreman's thing 82 which is just fine it's great but it's pass A even you
would agree with that right right I mean try to try to roast a turkey or a
chicken or a pot roast and the lean mean grill machine you better have like
some strong hands to squeeze that thing baby in the roast too especially if you're
cooking for a family Ronco show time rotisserie 23 set it and forget it in
fact just forget it period because this is the deal we got as much better girls
gone wild 18 ultra food vacuum sealer 15 on it free's air purifier 15 oh yeah
the air is a much higher when you finish with that the pocket fisherman 15
oxy clean 14 the time-life music collection 12 Perry Como and Wayne Newton
and Laura D'Alene would you say Lynn Anderson right the flavor wave the law
seven's got 10 boy I tell you that's fine like I said I'm not I'm not
prevalent I'm not making a dime from it I spend plenty of money on it's great the
singing bass nine oh my favorite fish Ronco knife set eight Anthony Robbins
motivational tape seven the Flobby haircut of seven moving men six the magic
bullet blender six the Jack Lillaine juicer four Jack is just two years older than
more by the way Ginsu knives three the Ronco foodie hide waiter three solo
flex two the Ronco Vagimatics got a pair the ad slide to the Ronco pasta
makers got two George's got one if you want to cheat the cube grill the
walk foot and the thunder stick pro mixer they all got the big oh bye bye bye
