But two tell so we're, but there's nobody engineering.
No, the door's still closed.
So we're not streaming.
And also, I guess we have, I just had a call from Norma Kent on the, you know, I'm running back and forth between Run Room and Other.
This is madness. This is lunacy. This is par for the course for this company.
This is exactly the way these people run their business. Like a bunch of crazy people.
And there's one name I can give you that they, I guess I don't know, maybe they'll dump this one too. Joyce.
She's the one who's behind all of this latest overreaction and insanity.
Now, are we going to know whether these, see, if we're going to have a new list of names and things and words that we can't say.
Where's the list?
Yeah, where's the list? Okay. I think maybe our middle management flukies ought to be like,
frantically typing up a list of things that I shouldn't be talking about.
Names that we can't mention, people we can't refer to. All of these things, you know what I'm saying?
All of these things.
Right. Subjects, we don't breed.
Subjects, we don't dare broach all of this stuff.
Caving in just like, like folding like an accordion like I said.
It's not bad enough that we were already under this super regulation where we can't say much of anything where they've turned a clock back.
20 years stuff that we played on the air for 20 years plus that we can't play anymore.
That's not bad enough.
But now, and to be honest with you, at this stage of the game, I have got no idea where to go with this show today.
None. The stream is up. The stream is up.
Well, I was going to be streaming on the internet for anybody who missed it in the beginning.
I'll tell you a whole bunch of stuff and they'll dump it.
I'll repeat what I said in the beginning of the show and they'll dump it.
You see, because here's the way I look at it.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
If you have an agreement with somebody and they claim that you're not a, that you violated,
then why the hell should you continue violating?
In other words, if they feel that they can go ahead and start their old madness again, then why the hell shouldn't you?
But let me see it again.
Where is the list of prohibited words and names and subjects and everything is taboo now on this show?
How about those heat?
There you go.
Do a sports show.
The clearance all excited.
Quite frankly, I didn't think there wasn't any sports being played right now.
Is there?
I mean, the NBA don't consider sports.
There ain't sports going on.
No, we got March madness.
Oh, that's right. The NCAA is, let's talk about March madness.
How about those?
Hurricane.
Oh, that's right. They lost.
But the NAI, they got the NIT.
That's pretty exciting.
Everybody whipped up and we're frenzy about the NIT.
There is it, the NOT.
Not.
Wow.
Just absolute crazy people.
I mean, we knew before at 9.57 this morning that we were dealing with crazy people.
Now, what was Hank told?
Well, what happened with Hank there in our crossover?
Because then he just kind of disappeared.
I think he was looking to talk to you.
I had no idea.
Yeah.
Right.
Somebody wanted a body block to him.
It must have been, I think it must have been Duffant Clurrets to body block the Humper.
That would have taken a lot of trouble.
I'd told him I could have had to let the assignment.
Yeah, it was just a panic.
I'm hearing a beeping on my fast machine, but there's nothing going on.
Is that something you're sending me?
Maybe that's the list.
That's the list, the new list of names and prohibited words and topics and subjects.
And this and yeah, that that we can't talk about here on QAA.
I'll take it one thing.
If I was Tom Jickey, I'd be on the phone to me at 201 this afternoon.
If I got a great story for him.
And nobody's going to prevent me from giving it to the media.
Nobody.
I mean, if they want to censor me here on the show, that's it's their,
I was going to say it's their license.
Although quite frankly, I don't think they got one.
Oh, look at this.
Did you just send that to me?
Yeah, coincidence.
Wow.
Oh, this is special.
So I'm just, I'm just going to leave the one name out.
This is great timing.
This actually put a smile on my ugly post from Joan Flaishman's column in the Herald.
Over the holidays,
Crowley Gables residents Howard and Shelley Getlow decorated the yard of their
Santa's Santa Street home with a bare-breasted blow-up Delvering,
a right Christmas else camp.
Notty, not nice is the city beautiful.
Slack with a zoning code violation, the Getlow's are fighting back.
A complainant is...
Who lives near the Getlow's.
The doll he says is a sex device.
He filed off a bunch of emails to Howard Getlow, 57 University of Miami Management Science professor.
Copied Coral Gable City officials and you are President Donna Shalele.
How thoughtful to link a...
patient A to the spirit of Christmas as this individual.
This guy thinks he has the right to assault our 12-year-old son with his perience as another.
Gables code enforcement officers, Adolfo Bigar,
see a ticket to Getlow's on December 20th under Section 1817 of Coral Gable City's zoning code.
It prohibits pennants, banners, balloons, and other attention attractors.
There are C and noted on the ticket, displaying an offensive inflatable doll.
Absolutely correct, sir.
An offensive not just an inflatable doll, but an offensive one.
Oh my god.
Shelley Getlow, 54, says the doll was a display with her idea,
holiday humor.
I'm a screenwriter, she says I have an active imagination.
Neither she nor her husband thought it was offensive.
It's a blow-up mannequin.
The Getlow's are contesting the citation and appear...
Now this is an old story.
This is it from January 26th.
It says the head of appearance city hall of February 9th
before a ticket hearing officer and etc.
So I don't know what the resolution that is.
Maybe we'll find more about it.
Huh? But we certainly can't talk about
anybody involved in other than the Getlow's.
Unless their name might be endless, too.
Where's the deal?
Okay, looking for the list.
Oh no, this is from a big Tim.
Says I've had serious for about a year and a half
and I'm dying to hear you one censored.
Oh, hey listen, uncensored is like, I don't even want that.
I just like to go back the way it was on Friday.
You're like English.
Right. Just to be able to speak without that
pinging your pants on every other word.
Oh, see there he goes again.
As for the cool management acutely without Neil,
I personally have no reason to turn your station on again.
No fading, no beeps or lost dialogue.
I don't think I'll be alone in this either.
I'll keep my fingers crossed.
I hope for a quick buy-outs as big Tim.
Well, I mean, I thought that the rediscussions
going on would seriously anywhere there's supposed to be.
But in lieu of that,
in lieu of something productive and progressive
and that really could have been sensational for everybody.
Instead of that, as usual,
we had the Joyce Crawford overreaction
in psychosis going on today.
And if you tuned in in midstream,
we were going to do the usual show that we had
got my whole pile of stuff in our polls
and all the pictures and we got Melissa George on the website.
Although quite frankly, I'm not so sure
we ought to have that on there either, right?
Now they mentioned it on a B-Doo curtain.
We might have to give you everybody their own private password
to get down to B-Doo curtain to make sure we checked ID first.
Because if we don't, we could be in big tourists.
And if we can't find anything in real rush,
it's a lucid one.
We have 560 C-A-L.
But I have a heart or a liver.
No chemical.
No any cow this year.
From hockey's garden.
A hoser's greatest fear.
No ever less.
No faithful.
We know that wings and no stars.
The only fight in Canada will be inside the minds of the world.
Oh God, this age.
Oh, sin or death.
God, oh, oh, oh.
No, can it be the best it falls not for us.
No, can it be the best it's not for us.
Oh, oh, oh.
Remember Jimmy and Dan and Jimmy and we got Greg and Joyce and Greg.
We got a match made in Purgatory and we're all suffering the fallout.
Anyway, here's the poll from Friday.
Who's your favorite actor, actress, who made a big and spider being ugly?
No wait a minute, could I do that anymore or what?
Uh, you know what?
How about you?
You juicy one like that.
Can we do that now that we're being monitored?
You don't have to worry about it because one in doubt they'll dump it out.
Oh, that's right.
When a doubt they'll leap it out.
Just relax.
Oh, yeah.
Just relax my ass.
No, not that.
Oh, can't say that either.
No, then you'll make another study.
I still see, I mean, they got the facts number here.
They could be faxing any I think they want to do but no input, no information.
Just don't, don't do this.
And that's it.
Of course, I don't know what they said that they say don't do.
I don't know what they say.
Don't.
No, don't, don't.
Whatever.
He's obviously had a song called Don't and I guess that's going to be our theme song now.
Whatever you're thinking of doing or saying don't, don't say it.
Don't do it.
Don't think about it.
Don't breathe it.
Don't, oh man.
As a matter of fact, I've got some nice instrumental religious music.
That would be good.
To be able to say stuff.
Wouldn't it be soothing?
Right.
Oh, absolutely.
This one's a requiem, how appropriate.
That's what today is, man.
It's like funeral for QAIM.
Wait till that next trend comes out.
You think the last one was good.
Wait till you see this.
Oh, I love it.
Now if we can just make some pancakes with real butter, it could be arranged.
Mmm, that'd be great.
By the way, crispy cream is a poisoning the audience, the building there.
They've got 80 million boxes of crispy cream donuts in there.
Hey, I had a whole box.
Did you really know you did it?
I swear.
What is there like nine in a box?
Does it?
It doesn't.
The dirty doesn't.
You didn't need a dozen donuts.
Oh, what did I do?
I thought I smelled something all the way up here.
Can you smell it, folks?
It's giant, giant.
Giant, oh, we better not make any more reference to that because that sounds like,
you know, what kind of activity to me.
So I'll govern yourself accordingly.
Okay, do not make any reference to any kind of, right, smells.
Oh, I see.
We asked on Friday,
who's your favorite actor, actress, who made a big and spider-bing ugly?
Steve Buscemi came from behind in 1221 to Charles Bronson, 193.
Happy Bogart, a respectable 325.
Little Danny DeVito, Mr. Martini, Mancini Martini.
101, a nice fourth place.
After that, Rodney Dangerfield 90, Christopher Walken 63.
If I read all of these, this should take us to 11 o'clock.
It's a nice safe list, by the way, Duff, don't worry.
Don't get into a panic.
Christopher Walken 63, Barbara Streisand 55, Walter Mathau 36,
whoopi Goldberg, not Hank.
Whoopi Goldberg had 34,
Syracadusica Parker 33, Marty Feldman had,
Not third, man.
Woody Allen 27, Kathy Bates 27,
I'm not going to read these all too many.
Jean Hackman and Morgan Freeman 25,
a piece James Woods and Boris Carlisle 24,
a piece, I'll just do the 20 plus.
Don Nott's and Edward James almost 21,
and Billy Bob Thornton had 20.
Jean Wilder, Ned Asner, bubbling under with 19.
Well, they were so close to 20, right?
I could read the whole list, but it'll be really ponderous.
I said we got Melissa George,
I've been beaten curtain today.
Let's take a look at Melissa,
born August 6, 1976,
which makes sure 20, almost 29, not quite.
Almost.
Not third, man.
Not quite.
Born in Perth, Western Australia,
she dropped out of high school at 816
and take a look at her now on a beeping curtain.
She's making V-ray old right now.
Don't be doing that.
Oh, sorry.
Are you out of your mind?
Are you crazy or what?
Well, I hope you don't do.
Dump it.
When it duped, duped out,
bleep it out.
Okay, bleep it, bleep it, bleep it.
They got both of them a lot of practice
when Stern was on,
and now we're bleeping this show.
I can't wait for him to start bleeping the head,
Kaplan Show.
That'll be good.
In fact, you know, I think what's coming soon,
if Joyce has her way,
we're going to be dumping sporting news radio
in two to five in the morning.
How do you like their maples, huh?
By the way, I mentioned, I saw those two movies
over the weekend.
I didn't mention that on the air.
I mentioned it off the air
long before when we thought
we were going to do like a radio show today.
Casino, which I'm sure a lot of you have seen Casino.
It's really not very good.
Did you like it?
I liked it at the time that I tried to watch it again,
and it was not as good,
so it was like a lot of things.
It's your passion.
Doing his Voka Brian routine,
the other same person,
peshy and Voka and peshy,
the same person.
I thought it was insightful.
If any of it was true, you know,
about the goons on.
It was insightful.
About the goons on all that backroom shenanigans.
Yeah.
We had a million of those Casino type movies all along.
I don't know,
that movie's about 10 years old,
whatever, seven.
And I saw when it first came out,
and it was okay,
but seeing it again,
I have no idea why I watched it all the way through.
No idea.
No time.
That must have been it,
but I did watch it all the way through,
when it ended like kind of like,
I don't want to spoil the ending for it,
where he's got the big glasses on.
He's sitting there, he's back in San Diego,
he's a handicapped in a horse's body,
and he came out okay,
and everybody else is dead, you know.
Plus, I don't like that narration thing.
I can't stand it like in good fellows, you know.
Right, that's true.
And in this movie,
it's narrated by alternately between Joe peshy and the deniero.
And then Joe peshy is still narrating
when he's getting killed,
which I find kind of bizarre,
you know, his brother gets it,
and they do it,
and they bury them alive.
And I just,
well, he had a good perspective on that.
Yeah, it was timely,
but just like our little notification
right before the show day,
it was very timely.
You know, they had a kiss the microphone
in the ground and their,
and their buttons that I'm still here right now,
they had to be kissing each other,
but they probably are.
Any, any lesser of a man would have just gotten up
and gone into the room and gone back to bed
and just said, hey, you do it,
that's screw you.
In fact, you ought to be a real happy yourself.
I'm ecstatic.
Nothing I wasn't ready for it.
Yeah.
Would you have blamed me if I'd just said,
screw you and I'll let the Lord of the work this out?
Would you blame me if I'd partially go?
You have no idea.
You think you know something,
you have no concept.
I'm not embellishing,
I'm not exaggerating.
I'm not making it up.
These are certifiably,
blah, blah, blah, blah,
crazy people.
I'm talking about all the people involved
in these lateration anecdotions,
all of them on both sides,
all sides, whatever side.
They're just crazy.
They're nuts.
And it's just never stops.
The panic, the hysteria.
I'm going to tell you right now,
you know, even after they finally got,
for real off, they have to they finally kick his ass out.
It's pretty well you say that.
We made, we made a comeback.
We had Joe Rosan there.
We got a big spring book in it.
Everything we made this phenomenal comeback.
Everything seemed to be,
we were going to survive that $55,000 fine for for all.
And everything looked like we're, you know,
hunky dory.
By the way, with somebody tell Bob Schiefer
that I'm the CBS netley news,
you don't say, Oki Doki.
Oh, I gave up on it.
I swear to you on Friday,
he got a report from one of the CBS reporters out there
in the field that came back and he said,
Oki Doki, and I thought to myself,
you people at CBS,
what you used to,
you're not going to see a tear from the CBS.
So you're going to see a flood of tears.
You're going to be drowning in it.
Oki Doki.
Wow.
He is not, now you thought DeFo was corny.
This man is just an old Yahoo Corn ball.
Bob Schiefer.
So I'm done with CBS.
I'm definitely not going to watch Brian Williams
because he's a rush.
Look at me.
He's not about Peter Jenny.
So I guess I'm going to be on Peter by default
because I don't like Peter Jenny's even a little tiny bit.
I don't like ABC news.
The whole presentation is kind of like stale,
you know, I don't know.
There's something about it.
Anyway, Melissa George that I ever get through
with her, she's doing derailed right now.
The Amity of Dale Horror,
which definitely did not need to be remade.
Is completed.
Is that out yet?
I think I would.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The original one was, uh,
who was James Brolin was in it?
I don't know.
I didn't like that one either.
I'm not saying I liked it.
It was horrible, but it was, uh,
didn't need to be remade.
Alias, the TV series.
She was in that town with love lost
in a state of Newport South,
Mulholland, Oh, Mulholland Drive.
She was good in that.
That was a good movie.
Did I see that?
I don't think I saw that.
Oh, come on.
That was great.
Was it?
Yeah, really bizarre.
I'll take it out.
Sugar and spice, the limey, dark city,
holly-weird, fabled, roar,
home and away.
Just, uh, whole ton.
I was going to say,
Schmidtlow, but I'm sure that they'll
come.
No.
What?
Don't say that.
Well, what's wrong with that?
That's just too close.
No way.
It's close to what?
Close to hold.
I need to know.
OK, we need to have better
specifications.
We need to have better instructions.
We need to, no, you're laughing like this.
Something funny about this.
This is pathetic.
This is absolutely pathetic.
That is.
Where's Peter Leigh?
Exactly.
Boy, oh boy.
I mean, you talk about
hysteria and paranoia and overreaction
in psychosis.
That's us.
All of them are not yellow right there.
You better all.
hysteria is us.
You were listening to Neil Roger.
I'm the police in therapy.
We're on 560-60.
You and me air.
I think about the truth.
I do.
Ain't gonna see you runcy.
Say hi to Judge Waparfon.
Hey folks, it's great to be here
at the Santa Maria courthouse.
Hello, germs.
Hey, I've got good news and bad news.
Yeah, the good news is
you don't have to go to work today.
Of course, the bad news is
your Michael Jackson's peers.
No, I feel for Michael Jackson.
I really do.
I mean, I wouldn't want my future in the hands
with 12 people who aren't even
smiling up to get out of jury duty.
Hey, look over there.
It's Michael's attorney, Thomas Mezzarol Jr.
Hey, by the way, Thomas,
Edgar winner called.
Yeah, he wants his hair back.
I know.
He's got a tough job for it.
I mean, it's got to be tough
to defend Michael Jackson, right?
I mean, seeing as hell the only person
who thinks he's innocent is Harold Dole.
Hey, stick around.
We got a great child coming up
and after the break,
believe it or not, the Dan Stingitos.
Oh, wait.
Wrong trial at the century.
Man, is he a panicked guy?
No.
No.
It's the FedEx 1046-560-60.
I'm just going to continue and do the show
and that hell would duff and hell
with clearance and hell with joys and hell with Greg
and hell with the other unmanshedable parties.
I hope you all rotten hell together.
Okay, there's a special place in hell.
See, when you bring to their attention
certain legitimate problems,
they can't deal with those.
They can never get like what you were talking about
in the studio being trashed
of this morning before you came in.
Another weekend, a party,
all the stuff being ruffled out of there.
But, loot it.
And the sales department, all these things,
can't deal with those things.
But when it comes to overreacting to crap,
you know, the same crap it's been going on for years and years.
Oh my god, this guy was falling in grigs
and juries just having another period.
Yeah, right.
Hey, joys, blow it out here.
You idiot.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
That'll never get on.
Now, where were you?
Were you in both you and Josh there?
Were your witnesses?
Were we told that we were being monitored
for possible FCC violations now?
Correct.
That's right.
Is an FCC violation to say
that they're more, uh,
Schmidt?
I mean, I know guys,
I remember Joe Schmidt used to play for the Lions,
been a linebacker.
There are a lot of things that we're not a lot
to say that are not FCC violations.
Oh, I know that.
And of course, that's joyfully just.
So just like he's doing today makes it up.
I think, I think today has been a real awakening for me.
You know what I need?
Like I've been saying for a long time,
a real attorney.
I just read another email from a normal,
you know, normal can't.
And I'm going to be,
but I'm going to be up,
and I'm going to do this.
I'm going to be,
hey, you better get your settlement first,
Norma, before you worry about
getting anything done for me.
Okay.
This whole business,
this whole insanity that we're going,
we're contending with could have been taken care of
a long time ago in a variety of different ways.
You know, as far as appeasing,
whoever it is that I've been out of shape with us.
But no, not that.
No, let's not sign off on all this and finally end it all.
I think there's a certain amount of enjoyment.
Didn't I talk about that a couple weeks ago?
Right.
About this, the movie The Hitcher with C. Tammes Howell
and Wrecker Howell and the Spitting and the Facing there.
A part.
I think there's a certain amount of sexual
emotional excitement going on there
that this will never end.
This madness.
Because I would be perfectly ecstatic.
If other people are going to violate an agreement,
I'd be delighted to come on the air.
And as I tried to do in the beginning,
we probably kept getting dumped.
This is going to start sounding like the Stern Show.
This starts sounding like a piece of Swiss cheese.
At no point in anybody ever telling me that I couldn't
use certain names on any names on the air.
Did they? Did you hear it?
No, not before the back.
No.
No.
And so if that's going to be,
but it's like you said, it's typical.
She just keeps making it up as she goes along.
This is a woman who has no back-round,
no experience in broadcast radio.
She's a flunkies what she is.
Try to show corporate just how she's going to handle this.
What you've handled are real well so far, honey.
You've done a hell of a masterful job.
You damn near a blue all of us away,
me and Hank and the mad dog
with those contracting negotiations.
That was mighty pleasant.
Anyway, here's our pool today.
And the reason I'm doing this pool today is because
I had a different pool I was going to do,
but everybody in their brother,
this is the new thing they're talking about,
especially after condolese made her 18 appearances
on the Sunday morning talk show yesterday.
Oh, and I'm not running for president
and that bad about it and all this other crap.
But now, of course, these speculation
is because if anybody says they're not going to do it,
that automatically we're supposed to assume that they are, right?
Right. It's like the Messiah thing.
I'm not the Messiah.
Oh, then you must be.
Right.
If Hillary Clinton and condolese
arise ran for president in 2008,
who would you vote for?
I got four choices on here for you.
And here's what we have so far.
449 votes.
That's because I put it on there early again,
because I thought we were doing our usual show today,
but come to find out we're not.
We're doing,
easily broadcasting goes crazy again.
Beasley broadcasting loses their composure,
loses their cool and starts lashing out in all directions
because Joyce is a dunderhead and knucklehead.
You are. I got news for you.
It's not anybody on the outside,
who's our biggest enemy.
It's Joyce over there in Naples.
That's the one we have to contend with.
And just like you said,
she's got this list longer than your arm of all of these words,
all of these things that we can't say,
that have nothing,
not even close to FCC regulations.
And of course, do we have anybody in the building
who's going to go to bat for us?
Who's going to say,
Oh, gee, I think you're way over to line.
You're at all.
No, we got a bunch of yeses,
made a bunch of whims
who are of course monitoring right now.
And that's exactly of course what our leader wants,
because that's the only way he could be.
Just to surround himself with a bunch of yeses, man.
Oh, yes Greg, whatever you say.
Oh, Greg, it's a lawsuit.
It's a suit, Greg, but whatever, you know,
it's very sad.
This could be one hell of a radio station.
And at various times,
it has been a few moments here
and a few moments there.
But you know,
they never leave it alone long enough for that to like settle
in for a typical eight.
449 votes on the poll already.
456, like I said,
if Hillary ran against Condoleez in 2008,
I think that'd be great.
I know I could be wrong,
call me crazy,
but somehow even those rabid Republicans
and the deep South voting for a,
and she's not where you all that dark,
but nevertheless, we know
that she happens to be dark conflicted.
Right. Condoleez,
her heart is all right.
She's got a dark while that we know
forgetting about her skin color.
We know that.
Hillary 267, of course,
keeping in mind it's this liberally erudious crowd.
I believe the country 103.
I don't blame you.
Condoleez, 56, and wouldn't vote at all.
See how many say that?
About 30, man.
30 out of 156 votes.
If you tune in late, you're lucky.
It's all I can tell you this morning.
Okay. We have more corporate shenanigans going on,
more hysteria, more joy psychosis on a West Coast.
Here's a good story, though.
I like this from Amsterdam.
A Dutch cafeteria owner using typing half French fries
to fend off a gun-wielding would-be robber,
police in the southern city of Helm on set on Friday.
Fries or frites are a national snack in Holland and Belgium,
where they are deep fried and oiled and salted and eaten
with mayonnaise and chopped onions.
As they say in China,
fat.
It was not known if the culprit who's eight
was estimated that 16 was burned.
He had threatened the owner and his wife with a handgun.
Thursday night, police said,
all brother, now they're wielding guns in Amsterdam.
There's no hope.
He wanted money of police reports and once he had hot frites
coming his way decided he had enough.
He's a company of the hot frites.
The fries were cooling in a pot when you want to throw them
at the intruder.
Police described the youth who was still a large
and didn't write and with a pump nose.
Oh, that narrows it down a lot, doesn't it?
Yeah.
I think it might have been the mayo that did him in.
Got some bad nose for all your UM fans.
I could take some calls here, but quite frankly,
I mean, just keep in mind you're being monitored, okay?
In addition to what's speaking of being monitored,
to show you our brain trust we got going there,
did you hear the mad dog promo?
Yeah, I did.
I was talking to John Shabbat.
I told him all about the history of that and how.
Yeah, the history behind that.
If we had anybody involved in those promos
who knew what goes on in this radio station,
we've been trying for seven years now
to get that little band of Julio's
that little circle group,
that noon circle group off the air
and off our show and off the radio station.
And their favorite trick is to like call in
and drop the name of one of their buddies.
We've been here in the crisp bush, though,
ever since we started on QM.
And of course you go to great lengths
to either dump it or just just get rid of them,
whatever you can do because they're chronic
no-life idiots who squeeze each other when they hear,
oh, I can't say that.
I'm talking about squeezing each other around the shoulders,
you know, running out of the hear,
get their name on here.
And so not only do we encourage you,
by making a promo out of it,
how many times does he say,
Chris Bush that idiot,
Bob P.
How many times in a promo?
Of course, Maggars got no idea what he's talking about.
First we fall for it, then we advertise the taxes.
Right, right.
Nice going to our clearance
or whoever's responsible for that stupidity.
Well, I'm telling you to see.
That's another world, see, the regular radio shows
or a world apart.
I see a world apart.
I was going to take some calls,
but as soon as I said I was,
they kind of like ran away.
As soon as I told them they were being monitored,
how do you like that?
By death and clearance by the word police.
Yeah.
So we'll take some of your calls here.
56670560, if we get any,
0.560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lime.
I mean, I know line six, you know what that is.
WQAM, hello.
QAM going once, going twice.
That was it.
Okay, that was a matter of our call so far.
Brilliant.
You believe this?
Thanks, Joyce.
Thanks for making our day.
Joyce must be Irish,
as a matter of fact, I think she is.
That is an Irish name, isn't it?
It could be.
It could very well be.
Well, happy St. Patty's day to you, Joyce.
You nasty, hateful bitch.
Can we say a minute?
I'm here.
I have no way of knowing even what I'm there.
If there are any of it, huh?
We should listen to Postal A.
Yes.
That's the startless of Postal A.
Somebody QAM, hello.
QAM?
They're there.
They're being cute.
Oh.
Neil.
Neil.
Uh-huh.
Neil.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes?
I think there's only be one response to this.
I think you need to put Joyce on the beat of curtain.
Can you imagine here with 1920s bloomers?
I got news for us.
Are we on death row and federal prison
if we did committed a crime like that?
Oh my God.
From what I understand, you don't want to see Joyce,
even with the clothes on.
Which lawyer has, uh?
Okay.
Hey, in closing?
Yes.
He read it just gone.
Who is?
I don't know.
Oh.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how are you?
I'm sorry, I know how you're doing.
Very bad, I imagine.
I want to ask, how does QAM buckle down to just one person?
Because there are a bunch of whims.
Because they're because they're,
see, when your attorney is Joyce,
when she's your corporate attorney,
that's why we continue day after day,
week after week, month after month,
of being in this position where we have to keep, uh,
you know, rolling over in the playing dead.
I just don't believe this.
I mean, you are, I imagine,
are the highest rated there.
And you're the highest rated for one reason.
And that's because you have the best program in there.
And there's people don't respect that.
They don't care about program.
They don't care about ratings.
All they care about is that they're scared of death.
They're in over their head still are drowning
and they're peeing in their pants
and June Allison ain't even around us.
You're listening to Neil Rodgers.
Get the depends, we are.
It's the Glitzker Dipper on 566-D-F-U-A-L.
This is the Neil Rodgers show.
This is your blame.
Any questions?
Yo, listen up.
There's a series that tried to be real
and had a couple of swear words.
And Dennis Franz was teamed with David Goe
Russo Jimmy Smith, Rick Schroeder,
Denmark, Paul Gosler, and then one show
we saw his big naked buttocks and it was scary
and everyone threw up and turned the channel.
But the show stayed on for 12 years,
even though nobody watched it.
It's me and my baby, baby,
and my baby, baby, too.
And my baby, baby, too.
And my baby, baby, too.
And my baby, baby, too.
And my baby, baby, too.
It's you and my baby, baby, too.
And my baby, baby, too.
And everybody raves about Dennis Franz
and I show, although I never watch that show,
so maybe he was great and maybe not.
His performance in dress to kill was a visible adress
to his band.
I don't want to mention that, but he was pathetic.
It's a good movie, but he was horrible on it.
Remember that? He was the cop.
I don't remember his performance.
So why are you lucky?
513 votes on the poll.
Hillary against Condoleez in 2008 wouldn't that be great?
Hillary 309, I'd leave the country
if that was the case 117.
Condoleez is 62 and wouldn't vote 37.
And of course our polls, at least politically
or any issues, they mean absolutely nothing.
Like we saw in the Slots thing,
where 90% of our people said they voted or would vote yes.
Maybe just a lot of those people didn't bother voting
or maybe their votes didn't get counted.
One never knows.
56650560, Tom 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
WBQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you mentioned that earlier about just walking off.
I was hoping that you would just do that.
That I would just hear a big mic is going boom.
And you and George is walking out the show.
Yeah, I mean, I could just get terrorized
the whole radio station because they let him.
That's how anybody can do it.
Because when you're dealing with people who are,
who don't know what they're doing,
with people who are cowards, with people who scare very easily,
that's the way it works.
That's the result you get as opposed to people, you know,
saying hey, cut the crap.
56650560, Tom 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines.
956 this morning, a moment that will live in infamy.
It's just like Pearl Harbor all over again.
A horrendous blast to my mental existence.
And of course being preceded, I say,
oh, well, we know the timing of this is real bad.
And of course, my great attorney who was on the phone
proud guy, I only found this out a little while ago
when he called here.
40 minutes with Joyce before this happened.
Now, wouldn't you think I'd have had a heads up from him
about this as opposed to finding out 956
from clearance and duff that we have?
Oh, the sky is falling.
We're going to monitor your show.
And everybody's taking their pants and joins us.
Have another period.
Wouldn't you think that would have been a more intelligent way?
But my agent is too busy being a baseball star.
He's too busy being a radio star on F-T-L,
being Joyce Kaufman, Jr.
Whatever.
Former Lions defensive back,
Benny Blades is scheduled to appear in court today
after being arrested for failing to attend
a hearing a child support case
to state attorney general's office
set over the weekend.
Benny Blades, how's Brian doing?
I'm sorry.
Blades was arrested February 17th and Broward
after missing the January 7th hearing.
He had taken a Michigan by authorities
for the appearance in 36 District Court
said Alison Pierce spoke some
for Attorney General Mike Cox.
I'm sorry for Attorney General Mike.
Blades attorney David Burgers said
neither he nor Blades received the notice of the hearing
in January and Blades has not missed any
of the 14 other court dates since the child support case began.
Blades joined the Lions in 1988, played nine seasons in Detroit
before Seattle signed them in 1997.
After the Seahawks released in the following year,
you know, I just had a great idea.
Except now that we have two other people,
see we already have six delays
and thanks to the Stern experiment,
which was a disaster.
We already have like six,
30-second delays, run about a 45-day delay.
In fact, they show that you're hearing today is
we originally did back in November.
Mm-hmm.
But I always think that people...
I've always think that these two people
they don't have much else to do anyway.
I'll start just throwing some of those words in there, you know?
Just to keep them awake?
Yeah!
At least it'll justify it.
Yeah!
Kakka.
Oh, I'm not thinking of that.
I'm thinking of something that's similar to that.
Anyway, Blades, what I'm not giving them,
no ammunition, see what I'm saying?
Right.
Because we haven't been doing anything for a long time
that even comes close to the borderline of FCC regulations,
but don't let that confuse your choice with the facts, okay?
And the fact that they were willing to do with succumb to this is,
oh yeah, whatever you say!
See, that's the kind of management we have, we need.
Mostly vanishing, but we need.
And so at a time when our management
is supposed to be talking to Norma Canne
about the serious situation about us,
simulcasting our show on satellite radio
and like branching out and really doing something productive
and a lot of fun and really great.
It would be good for the show and good for the station
and good for our lives.
As opposed to that, it always comes to this.
These people could take a wet dream and turn it into a
into an agonizing experience.
They could take a birthday party and turn it into a wake.
They could take Christmas and turn it into young Kipper.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
That's their specialty.
Misery is us.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Kathy Bates
is the same person as Joyce.
I heard that.
I would like to see her break,
Greg's kneecap, so I'd pay to see that.
Just to get back at him where all those lies he told back,
well, you know, back in December.
Anyway, Seattle signed Benny in 1997.
After the Seahawks released him to follow
when he were blades at former University of Miami standout.
Oh my god.
Move to plantation where he worked as a substitute teacher
during hearing Friday for a conference on his case blades
told Circuit Court Judge Gian Stepi
and that he's trying to get a certificate
so he can become a full-fledged teacher.
He played at Gilding August defending child support
at one time.
He owed nearly 300 grand in child support
to the mother of a young girl.
The girl is one of at least six children
blazes head with six different women.
He likes to spread it around.
Cox charged blades for failing to pay child support
in November 2003.
If blades meets the term of the plea agreement,
the plea was expected to be withdrawn to charge
to be dismissed.
Suspend to the sins.
I mean, like that.
He's got six kids with six different to women.
Oh, variety.
Yeah, spice alive.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line.
My mind is just racing in all kinds of directions now.
Just racing around like a guinea pig in a cage.
Like a jubilant cage.
Oh, sorry.
I can't say, oh, cage.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
OK.
I'm doing just great.
I think it's time we get our passport candy
because this country is now a quasi-fascist.
Yeah.
I mean, they're offended by you might say one word
or a little sound, but fake, funny news.
Well, first of all, let me just say this to you.
The FCC is saying about fart sounds.
That was Joyce again.
See, the audience of this station has been conditioned,
unfortunately, to think that all of these things
that we've been prevented from playing and doing and saying,
that this is to comply with the strictor FCC regulation.
No, it's just this one person in Naples making it up
as she goes along, who has absolutely no background
in broadcast law whatsoever, zero none.
Well, I think most of the people running our broadcast
companies now have no background in broadcasting.
Yeah, well, most of them are grave robbers.
And it shows, and I think America is going.
It's gone.
I'm gone.
That's how I'm gone, man.
It's just an idea that's a memory.
Yeah.
And I don't know what we do about it, but
passport office, Pally.
Good luck to us, I got it.
Well, they're still giving them out.
Take care, Neil.
OK.
Because you know how that goes in fascist countries
a lot of times they are.
All I'm leaving, oh, no, you're not.
No, via this.
Yeah, we have ways of making sure you don't leave
until we're ready.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, QAM.
QAM.
Neil, I was just thinking your station
and I hear you have a poll about
Clinton and what's your name?
Rice running for president.
Clinton and Rice, yeah.
Yeah, I think if that goes through,
I think NATO will end up winning
with all the stupid votes we get from Florida.
5670560, £560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
And that was so one of our quality calls.
I hope that they monitored that very carefully
and very closely in Ornison.
I hope they're right on top of it,
although from what I'm hearing they probably are.
WQAM.
Hello.
Terry, Neil, are you doing OK?
Just a comment about Benny Blades.
Don't you think that maybe after like the fourth
or fifth time around,
he may have said, you know what?
Maybe I use a condom this time.
No.
And he wants to be like George Washington.
He wants to be the father of our country.
He can be the father of a few countries
if it doesn't use the condom food.
Uh-huh.
And he wants to be a substitute teacher.
He wants to blow a lot of cash in his years play
because I got news for you.
A substitute teacher don't pay very much.
If you must really need the money.
Yeah, I've got to.
OK, good luck to impel.
Not 5670560, £560.
That's one hell of a classy family.
No mistake about it.
Maybe you can go visit what's your name,
Ashley Smith.
And she can make him some real pancakes with real butter.
Talk about God.
Read this and quote from the Bible.
Bible, take a shower.
Take a shower together.
Well, not together, necessarily.
She is.
Oh, look at that.
I'm sorry, sir.
Today, my wife is.
Oh, I'm telling you talk about a feeding frenzy.
These people are insane.
They're obsessed with this story.
Just obsessed.
I think CNN and Joyce are in the same boat.
I think they're both going over the edge today together
in a banana boat together.
They just off the wall with this thing.
All weekend long.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
And now that they got these series of interviews with this broad,
with this blonde, the bimbo,
it's like, she's a simpleton.
Hope that she's a hero.
She's a simpleton.
She's a silly person.
She was, she went, she wanted to go into a room
so she could read the Bible.
Typical.
What would you expect in a land anyway, right?
Well, Yahoo!
That's what you respect.
That's what you got.
And then once they sat down and started talking about the Bible
and God and pancakes with real butter.
Then!
Ha-ha-ha!
Then he really saw the light.
And these things that she sang about him like, uh, like,
he just, he just wanted a little normalcy.
That's all.
Yeah.
He just wanted some normalness to his life.
That's a direct quote.
Listen, when more, look at the two talked about the Bible.
She handed him photos of her family,
her dead husband and her daughter.
When morning came,
Nichols was overwhelmed when Smith made him pancakes
with real butter.
He told her he just wanted some normalness to his life.
And you know something?
That's what we want here at QYM.
You go, girl, Ashley.
That's what we want at WQAM.
Some normalness in our freaking lives is what we want.
I'm sorry in our f***ing lives.
Yeah.
But number four for if he used to be the commissioner of baseball
before our clearance was born.
You know, clearance is the sports expert.
12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60 WQ,
I'm up to him getting a real nasty sore throat, you know what?
I'm envisioning at least like a month
of being out with like some horrible crud.
Oh, we got nice rep we ends up for all day.
Oh, that's beautiful.
Now we just had some nice and bottom-up pancakes.
Oh yeah.
With real poison, very syrup, nice and droid.
I'll tell you one thing we can only hope.
Oh, that's right.
Josh had a whole box of them.
I was going to say, well, maybe somebody doctored
some of the other nuts.
Some of the other pancakes.
Some of the other donuts.
Well, what now?
What inspired that?
Well, how come the crispy area in general?
In a vet or something going on.
Some kind of a special thing going on.
Mm-hmm.
At aversary something.
I see.
Wouldn't it be ashamed if like some of them were like
poison, what sucks them?
Like arsenic and stuff like that.
And if some of the people that we like a lot in that
building start like, like,
spewing out all kinds of notches crap all over the floor
and just gagging and puking and dying all over the place.
That would be very bad.
Anyway, stop me.
Now, not, not, I just said,
what your box was okay?
That's what dust in.
1113 at 5.
60 WQAM.
The main man.
See, now I want to tell you one thing before this continues.
This whole, how are we going to know what's getting on here?
What's not?
I don't, if this is going to turn into another
Howard Stern thing where every, every time I say anything,
every time I fart silently here on this end,
we're going to have the dump on me.
Then I want to know about that right now,
because then I will play music.
If that's the game they're going to play,
then I'm playing music.
I'm going like, you know,
straight to my good friend there,
Burton Cummings.
Careful.
What?
We don't know what Burton's going to say
after all, he's Canadian.
Yeah, that's true.
He's from Calgary.
I'm going to brush him.
He's from Winnipeg, eh?
I say instrumental only.
He's a hoser from Winnipeg.
See?
I can't say that anymore.
Oh, that's right.
I can't say hoser.
Anthony Calliella would accept and scapegoat mortgage
knows that paying off your credit cards,
lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments,
pulling out cash investing in real estate,
all of these things are at the top of your lists.
Now Florida continues to be one of the hottest real estate
markets in the entire country.
So it just doesn't make sense to keep so much equity
tied up in your house or pay those outrageous high interest
rates.
The main man is partnering with kids
and distress, helping abuse and neglected children.
So Florida for 25 years, and this year, his staff
is donating a portion of their commission
on every single closed loan for this worthwhile cause.
What six kids have is own the main man knows how important
being a paradise will call the main man toll free.
One, tripellate for a three loan.
That's one, tripellate for a three loan to go to the main man
.com and fill your application out online.
No matter what your situation is,
you'll find a solution for you and get the deal done.
So forget about calling anybody
else in a mortgage business if you want the deal done right
and the way you want to call the main man,
Anthony Calliella and her two day,
one tripellate for a three loan.
That's one, eight, eight, eight, four, eight, three, L-O-A-N.
Your sneak a meal, Rogers.
The rest of the world is at 5.60.
U-A-M.
This is a very special CSI Dublin.
Some of the Martin Officer Augustine.
I am the rest of the day here, so close to her old willows.
What do you say we find a murderer?
I write after we finish these pipes.
On St. Patrick's Day, everyone's Irish.
And on CSI Dublin, everyone's a suspect.
Okay, hurly-he.
We think it's always an evictive with your car and baby.
And as you can't prove anything of yourself,
we're still going to take you down to the pub for the question.
CSI Dublin, it's one happy hour of television.
Here's your fine job, Pitch and those martyrs.
Murderers?
Maybe only one of us will be some victim,
but all of our willows, I'm going to be seeing Dublin again.
I'm going to that.
CSI Dublin.
Okay, let me just click send here on this email to Norma.
Let's face it Norma, you're full of it like usual.
It's 1119 at 560 WDQAM Church Garden.
See, this is the story that they should have played up big,
but for some reason the media doesn't really even talk about this anymore.
It's like it happened and now we don't want to talk about it.
We don't want to talk about it.
Even though seven people died and the shooter himself.
Of course, shooting the...
What kind of shooting stories?
In Margate, Laudahill Mall, there's everybody in America is like...
It's going nuts all the same time.
Maybe those violent video games, don't you think?
That's it.
See, there was no murder before those existed.
That is correct.
The man who police say killed seven people and himself during a church service
at a suburban Milwaukee hotel was remembered by his neighbors as a man
so gentle that he couldn't hurt an animal.
Kind of like Tony Perkins, Reverend Alassine and Psycho.
That's right.
He wouldn't hurt a fly.
Unless it was a course on Tabhunter's pants.
When Chipmunk's got it in Terry Ratsman's garden,
he set up traps to catch them,
but as neighbor said, he kept the animals alive and let them lose somewhere else.
He couldn't even kill a Chipmunk.
He was that kind of individual,
said Jean Herman, who lived next door to Ratsman for about...
About 30 million years.
Ratsman arrived at the service laid on Saturday armed with a handgun and opened the fire.
His victims included the pasturing and teenage son.
Chandra Fraser, oh not Chandra.
I thought Chandra, I thought they found her ass.
And the rest of her tooth.
No, maybe the rest of her is still around.
Chandra Fraser, who was at the service,
said the gunman started shooting shortly after the service began.
He even stopped once to reload.
She said she was sitting in front of a family.
He mowed down.
It was me, him.
She told reporters outside the hotel.
I dove under her chair, the man whose chair I dove under died.
I'm asking myself why I'm still alive.
Ratsman was described by neighbors.
Here comes the best part as quiet and devout.
Oh my God.
Courtier.
See, the fact that it was a churchgoer,
I mean, all of these evil people,
they're supposed to be always a bunch of heathens.
And if they would just turn to God,
like what's his name there in Atlanta?
Oh, I forgot his name.
I don't know his name either.
Ashley's boyfriend.
Brian Nichols.
That's it.
Ratsman was described as quiet and devout.
He liked to think he were about his house in garden,
said she ain't cold well.
Another neighbor who knew Ratsman for about a decade.
Ratsman lived with his mother and sister
in a modest two-starry brown home
about two miles from the suburban Milwaukee hotel,
where police say he opened fire
during a service of the living church of God,
living, surprised,
and I know more you're not.
Police were interviewing them yesterday.
Ratsman went to church every Saturday,
cold well said.
He wasn't a dark guy.
He was an average Joe.
Well, I pray,
and Nichols was kind of a dark guy,
but this one wasn't.
It's not like he ever pushed his beliefs on anybody else.
But a church member who was at the service
from the shooting to a place
had Ratsman seen depressed to her.
Praise your told CBS news that
Ratsman was upset by an earlier sermon
from another preacher.
Ha-ha!
That can't be, can it?
Ratsman built his own greenhouse,
and neighbor said he shared his homegrown vegetables with him.
Cold well said, Ratsman raised trout
and designed a system in which he used
trout waste to fertilize his greenhouse plants,
including tropical plants
and Venus fly traps.
That's Venus, by the way,
Duff Venus.
Then recycled the water back into the fish tank.
He also built his own garage.
His own garage.
A week ago,
Colwell helped Ratsman fix his trout.
Herman said he took good care of his house
and three dogs.
He never bothered nobody around.
Here he said he brought me over to Zucchini.
There was about a foot and a half long,
Colwell told the Milwaukee Journal
center.
We ended for a week.
Well, yeah, that sums the zucchini.
That's here is.
Robert Blaschick,
another resident of Ratsman's modest new brother,
and they were once in Ratsman,
was a drinker,
but he couldn't believe he might be a violin.
He was the quietest guy in the world
of the nicest sent Blaschick.
I would never believe this in a million years.
Well, and that's the way it always is.
Beware of the real quiet people,
the real, low-key quiet people.
Like Ed Kaplan, for example.
Eddie Kay is very kind of low-key, real quiet.
One of these days, though,
more crap happens in that radio station.
Eddie Kay is the guy.
I would point him first.
Point to the quiet guys.
Wouldn't you say so?
Absolutely.
Yeah, I'm going to be a bad sore throat.
I think I'm getting a strep throat.
You know the kind of thing that has got
a sideline for about two months.
You're getting stressed throat?
Stress throat, yeah.
601 votes on a poll, Hillary and Condoleezza.
If Hillary and Condoleezza ran for present in 2008,
would that be great?
What would you do?
I vote for Hillary 351.
I'd leave the country 136.
Condoleezza 72,
and I wouldn't vote 42.
So it's 351 to 72,
Hillary and Condoleezza in R,
left wing Tommy Pincocrow.
At least that would assure our first
dyke present anyway.
Now can we say that?
Dyke, no.
Okay.
Are you getting any further updated?
No, what is going on in there?
No.
Well, don't you think we at least deserve that?
Don't you think we do?
We do want to know.
Clarification because when all that crap happened
in the first few minutes when I decided on my own.
And by the way, I now have an authority from
Joyce that if I want to do that, I can.
But I'm not going to.
Not today.
I'll give them 24 hours till 10 o'clock
tomorrow morning to get their acts straightened out
and decide what the hell they want to do.
And if they want to just totally capitulate
and just hand the keys to the kingdom over to anybody they want.
I mean, that's up to them.
I just would like to point something out to the audience.
Okay. I'm not the one who decided to put Scott
for well on the year.
And I'm certainly not the one who decided to put
the Howard Stern show on the station.
And that's not a shot at Howard.
It's just it's just speaking reality
the way it is in this community.
That's all when you've been around a long time
and you know what's going on and what's going to happen
and the repercussions and the penalty
you're going to have to pay for it.
You know, and didn't I say many, many times on the year?
Wasn't I called in the middle of the show one day
to go on the other room and put you on the year for five minutes
so I could take a frantic call on behalf of Greg
from his intermediary, Duff?
Remember that day?
Yes, I do.
Does Neil know something about the Stern show?
Is somebody else figured out?
No, it wasn't that I knew anything.
It was just common sense
that it was going to be a mitigated disaster for all of us.
And where we're all in the rest of us now paying a price for it.
You see, there's one guy in the building.
He's in the Teflon manager.
And no matter what it is he does.
It just, you know, like stink on Uranus.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, but I don't know if we can say it.
Well, I'm, we never will know.
Well, I have to find out from the audience how much of this stuff
is getting on the air now.
Now, if you're right though,
and we're streaming the post-alatine Eric would know.
Maybe you're, according to Eric,
we're streaming pre-delay.
All right.
I did have a discussion with them about, you know,
how unsafe that would be, not because of the profanity
but libelist, possibly libelist things.
Right.
And that would let's go.
And they don't care.
Apparently not.
I see.
Well, they have bigger fish to fry.
They got to get that sales manager off his ass, you know, Curtis.
Because Curtis is very sensitive.
And if we talk about him on the air,
I don't want to be, I don't want to be the subject matter
for a whole week.
I'm not coming in there and talking to him.
That's bad, bag.
Yeah, that's a good excuse, Curtis,
while we have the same steel copy.
And we've got a sales department that we wouldn't wish on Hitler.
26 past 11 at 5, 60,
WQM on an unexpectedly depressing and morbid and psychotic day here.
Just out of nowhere, out of the blue at 9.56 a.m. this morning
came a another yet another psychotic episode from the West Coast
from Joyce by way of death and clearance, the flunky boys.
Fritz and Franz beerhouse and Coral Gables is bringing now.
Can I say Coral Gables on here?
I'll go check.
Okay.
Fritz and Franz beerhouse into Gables is bringing Bavarian style
fun back to South Florida.
Why not come by and say good and tag?
We better check if we can see that.
And the sample, some of the most delicious German Bavarian cuisine
anywhere outside of Northeastern Europe.
Schnitzel, bratwurst, salads and stewed all in an atmosphere
that would make the Von Tramp family proud.
And don't forget the worst-signer leader boots.
It's enough beer to get your leader hoes in and out.
And I'm sure we can't say that.
Fritz and Franz isn't only making the hills come alive
with the sound of music.
It's turning the Gables into a rid of a little Frankfurt
because at Fritz and Franz it's October fest every single day.
Located at 60 Merrick Way, just a block west of Miracle Mile,
it's the ideal meeting place for those of you who like to march
to the beat of a different tuba.
So call 305-774-1883 for directions and monthly
worst-signer beer festival information
and tell them that old Neil sent you by.
That's 305-774-1883 for Fritz and Franz beer house.
Not your ordinary Oompa places Rick Riley would say.
You are the scene to be the most beautiful
Neil Rogers at exclusively on 560-E-A-M.
It looked up high anything.
Overthe power was tightened inside the mix
She used to hide behind those pure ones, research her all the way.
They had to fast the lane all along the store for a door.
But now she's losing weight we all agreed.
And she's doing it by eating jetties, break, bad jinnies.
Custy Ali's back. She no longer lays low.
Custy Ali's back. And they get off the coast, keep going.
Custy Ali's back.
When the friendship team is so low.
She is disgusting, man. I just can't begin to other no words in language.
And certainly now ones I can use anymore. Now they can't say crap.
Yeah, but that sure if her wasn't funny.
Oh, brother, she is just, and you haven't seen that spy in with a purple dress where she's doing the jinny craze.
But very lucky.
She says it in such a way as if to hold up a sign.
It says, am I not the most disgusting fat pig you've ever seen in your life?
And the answer of course is yes.
God, she is just nasty.
I mean, it's one thing to be fat. Believe me, I know all about that.
But it's just another thing to like force it on.
Like this is my life. I'm fat and I'm going to lay it all over your body.
What I thought that is.
Grotesque.
And that's why she's got her own show now, the FAT show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and Singular Riders lines.
If you're wondering, I'm sure the audience is kind of like in a delima here today.
I just got a paper cut by the way during the break.
And that should be only two months, two months paid vacation there.
That's right.
Working this cut, paper cut on my ring finger on my right hand.
Okay.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, tongue is the worst place.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil, can I still go?
No, you're done.
You're out. I'll guarantee you that kids don't.
WDQYM, hello.
Not there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You're not getting much response here today because of course,
the show has been turned inside out.
And this audience hasn't got any idea what's going on.
I quite frankly need to do we, which makes it a match.
WDQYM, hello.
Paul Goliol.
Yes, sir.
Are you doing well?
Need to get serious, man.
Yeah.
All right.
I hope I can hear you pretty soon and serious.
I'm waiting on the story of Valley with the agents that I got who's busy.
More worried about his two hours on WFDL and worried about that.
Oh, I should have done this and I'm going to do that.
It's just impossible, man.
You just feel you want to throw your arms up in the air and say screw it.
What's the use?
Every single time in this radio station,
every time you think we finally got things calm down a little bit,
we finally got the line up in place.
Everybody's out at the same time.
It's supposed to be and no.
It never comes down to worth.
And I'm going to tell you once again,
there's not even a contest.
The biggest enemy of this radio station isn't somebody out there in a public.
No, no, Ojrampur, Rocketour.
The biggest enemy of this radio station is Joyce.
Now, I did my best to restrain from going into two great detail.
I mean, you know, I've learned about some of it.
Of course, you wouldn't help back in December and early January.
And most of January, when they were jerking around a mad dog.
But what they put me and Hank and Jim Mandage through,
it was all Joyce.
All Joyce.
Where the hell they found this woman to bring her in there to destroy this company.
I have no idea what you're doing.
I have a job, honey.
You haven't got a clue.
You have no idea what it is to do a talk show.
You have no concept of what the FCC regulations really mean.
And you're just continuing to make it up as you go along.
You continue having a lot more lunches with Norm Kent.
Okay, that's going to solve a lot.
You continue making up list of 85,000 different things that we can't talk about.
We can't say on here.
And reasons why we can be fired if we fart the wrong flavor.
Or look at somebody cross-eyed Joyce.
You are the problem.
You are the chigger in the wood pile, honey.
There's not even a doubt about that.
And by the way, where was Joyce when they decided to put the Howard Stern show on here?
She was there.
Right.
Yes.
I'm sure she's the one suggested the triple dump system.
Where was she to intercede and say, you know something?
Knowing what we know about that market and about certain individuals and about the history of all of this.
And what we've already been through before.
Knowing what we know, this is a really bad idea.
A really bad idea.
And why didn't she put her big club feet down then, just like she was trying to do when she was interfering with everybody's contract negotiations?
Why didn't she do a den when it might have done something productive as opposed to practically chasing everybody on the staff away?
You don't got it, sweetheart.
You haven't got it.
If I were you, I'd get back in your little pickup truck.
And I'd get on a Hershey highway and go back up there to Maryland or Virginia where it had you came from.
And get out of our face before you destroy the whole company.
You idiot.
Because you're doing one hell of a job.
They're monitoring now.
They're monitoring for FCC violations.
Duff and clearance, which at least like I said, gives them something to do.
Speaking of gunman, I said, how many of these stories are there?
About 30 minutes.
It's like everybody went nuts on the same weekend.
Maybe the moon was in the wrong phase or something.
Marguerite, a seven hour standoff that began with a security guard shooting up his ex-girlfriend's apartment,
including a police assault with tear gas, and then in a fire Sunday,
made the National News by the way that apparently killed the guard and displaced at least 100 people,
police and witnesses said the body of a man matching the description of the guard was found in the rubble of the fire.
The BS said, and an autopsy will be conducted, determined to man's identity and cause a death.
The ex-girlfriend hid in her bathroom as the security guard pumped in the 13 bullets through the front window of her ground floor unit
at the cross creek apartments, cross creek.
We know where that is, but by cripple creek.
But she wasn't heard, said Marguerite, police spokesman Sergeant Andy Zedick.
I wonder if he's related to Andy Zulick.
The security guard then ran across the courtyard with second floor apartment and varicated himself inside Zedick,
who would identify the man only as had a security at the complex.
Like I said, look out for those religious quiet people and for the security guard.
Oh, man!
They're the dangerous ones.
Neighbors, court records and newspaper articles identified the security guard is done,
Dan Magno, 40, a man with a zeal for his job who is known as Batman,
because of the enthusiasm for the superhero's memorabilia, Batman, my ass.
See that was one of the sequels.
That man, my ass.
Magno had had security at the complex for 13 years and lived in the same U-shaped building as his former girlfriend,
had an argument over the phone with her about their five-year-old daughter just before 10 o'clock yesterday morning.
The woman who police did not identify also had a man inside her apartment.
Neighbors family and co-workers say that might have set Magno off.
Sounds like OJ and Ron Goldman again, doesn't it?
Scott Oftrey, no relation to Jean, 12 who lived four doors down from Agnos units,
saw Sy and Pony had gone about a foot from his ex-girlfriend's window.
He started a shoot I ran inside and told my mom, Oftrey,
said in a telephone interview during the standoff.
In the afternoon, Swat armored team members wearing black fatigues,
took positions on the stairs leading to the second story apartment,
and fired tear gas canisters that crashed her magna's windows and exploded in tombs of white smoke.
At about 4.45 p.m., deputy shot another around the tear gas department.
The sheriff's office described what happened next this way.
The suspect was then heard yelling that no one was coming into his apartment.
Surely there are...
Only the original law and order.
But if you do miss it, you could watch the new spin-off,
law and order trial by jury on Thursday.
Or if that's you can be, if you can catch law and order criminals and on Sunday.
And if you miss all three, and don't have T-Vo,
there's always law and order special victims unit on Tuesday.
And if you have them, miss all four.
TNT airs law and order reruns like 10 times a day, so they've got you covered.
Own USA.
Well, they rerun special victims unit like 24-7.
I'm not kidding, it's like law and order channel over there.
So, if you do miss the one law and order, you can't miss.
It's no big deal, because law and orders are like buses.
Another one will come along in 10 minutes.
It's on 25 at 5.60 W.D.Q.
And we got Mohawar David.
And to the 7th new Mad Dog at 4.
We got a pristine lineup.
No ball games, no U.M. basketball, because, you know,
Geltie at 7.
The way that nothing is perfect and etiquettes in the clock tonight.
That's our award-winning lineup, as it is today.
Tomorrow might be different though.
I might be taking a few months off.
667 votes.
If Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza ran for president in 2008,
who would you vote for?
What would you do?
Beside put a bullet to your brain.
What would you do?
Hillary 392.
I'd leave the country 153.
Condoleezza 78.
Wouldn't vote 44 out of 6.
I almost said I'd vote.
Give me a lot of votes on here.
Not impressive?
Yes.
I'm impressed by the fact that you and I both,
when we heard that Chris Bush thing on a Mad Dog promo last time,
it felt the same thing.
I told Josh the whole story just to bring him up to the end.
Here we got these boneheads, our busy monitoring us now,
as if they have any clue what it's really all about.
And they're putting stuff on here.
People were desperately trying to divest ourselves up,
and they're putting that on here and repeating it over.
And over and over again.
Chris Bush.
Chris Bush.
That's what they do.
No, of course not.
Our rejects find homes elsewhere.
Oh well, here's a fact from Jay who says,
I hate to say, oh no, Jay, I see that you're absent.
So you are, this was the biggest mistake I have ever made in my life.
Remember that one line I kept saying,
what's going to be, what's going to change,
what's going to be different?
Right.
We went out getting into it yet, and I'll read it.
But I see the one sentence about the worst mistake of my life
was resigning with a bunch of nose picking Yahoo Rednecks over their enables.
Man, these people, they would know a radio station if you shoved it inside their earlobe.
Nice choice of words there.
Well, I don't want to dump it again.
I commend you.
Yeah, well, probably got dumped anyway.
I have no idea.
They're probably just dumping stuff based on the fact they don't want it to go on the air
because they're all scared of their own hines, you know, 57 flavors.
That's what Duff says.
And Josh told them that was tasteless.
That's Josh Cordis, by the way, told them.
I hate to say this as Jay, and hopefully you can tell me if I'm wrong,
but the only person to blame is yourself.
Resigning with QA was a guard, gantuan blunder on your part,
regardless of the financial terms.
The situation was as predictable as the sun rising,
and so you are a lovely character.
Your talent is put you on the map, and you're letting WDQA filter,
suppress and destroy your ability.
I think you're a smart guy, so it shocks me that you resign
with this cardhouse of a radio station, especially with a possibility of individual broadcasts
being fined large sums by the government.
In my opinion, you should have both of them for satellite radio.
I'm a big fan of the show, but QAM has made it watered down.
It's not as necessary to listen to what it is at once was.
Here comes the most important part of Jay's facts.
Get yourself a real agent because the end-your-career like this is too painful to witness.
Going out like a clown is what he's trying to say.
Going out like a sad sack of crap, like howard deal.
QAM's logo should be black skull and crossbones because their management decisions are poisonous.
Big fan with tears in my eyes is Jay and Jay you are.
You are absolutely positively correct.
Right, whatever possessed me.
And of course the fact that I don't have a real agent,
I had no confidence that this guy would ever get any deal done with serious XM,
a pop-up toaster, and I still have none.
I still have zero.
You don't even know about some of the deals that we're going on behind the scenes
that never materialized.
That I wasn't even told about by my high-charge agent.
Yeah, that did of course fell apart of the scenes because...
But I'm up in this one.
That one did it.
See, this is another thing, the kind of outrageous stuff that's going on
during the seven years we've worked for this company from the OJ golf tournament
to the...
Condoleezza business, the arrest of Tucson, all of that episode there,
that almost all of us got thrown under the bus for that.
See, the bottom line when you work for this company is sooner or later,
somebody's got to get thrown under the bus.
Right, Jeff?
Yes, right.
Somebody's got to be a scapegoat because it's never going to be gray.
He's got the naked pictures.
He's got something going somewhere.
I got only know is what it is.
How anybody can have made this series of consecutive bonehead decisions
that this man has made in the last three years and continue to be employed
is just a shock astonishing to me.
It's mind-blowing that anybody could survive this.
A series of debacles that most people would be on death row and federal court,
federal prison, federal case.
Am I right?
Oh, you don't want to get you involved because we know that.
Thank you.
He hates you already.
And you're right, Jay.
They really...
And I'm...
You know, why not admit it?
There's nothing to deny.
Bonehead move, man.
Had to be a fool to expect that anything would ever change with these mugwumps.
They are what they are.
Just like Michael Crowley on Toll Vincent and Godfather III,
you are what you are.
Now, what a great line that was.
A crappy movie as far as dialogue, but that one line.
You are what you are.
Maybe not all that profound, but boy, it sure fits right in with this outfit.
They are what they are.
They're not going to change.
They're not going to learn anything.
They're not going to improve.
They're not going to wake up one morning and grow a big pair.
It's just not going to happen.
And knowing that ahead of time, what in God's name motivated these people to put the Howard Scurrenshaw on his radio station
with 15 people monitoring and 75 dumb buttons and bleeping out every time
Howard farted for real or make believe.
We give it...
And we take it away.
Just like the Lord, you know.
We're just like God.
Tell Brian Nichols that.
We're just like God.
Here, that's why we have that drop-in.
You're God.
Because we give it and then we take it away.
Here you go.
Here's some of the Stern Show.
Not a whole bunch of it, but here's some of it.
And then we have it on.
How long did we have that thing on?
August 16 was the day.
Trust me.
That was the debut date.
I remember that.
A day that will live in infamy.
August of September to October to November to December to a what?
What was the last day for that?
I forgot.
It's about four or four and a half months we had that on the air.
How long was Pharrell on the station?
Four and a half months.
That seems to be it.
Four and a half months.
How long was Joe Roson for eight to ten?
I don't know.
I think about four to seven and a half months.
Now, seven and a half.
Got you there.
Things were going so swimmingly well that it was scary.
They can't handle success at this place.
They can't handle prosperity.
They can't handle big numbers.
They can't handle happiness, serenity, peace.
All they can handle is just never-ending psychosis.
It's like a crazy house.
It's like our close personal friend, Bellevue Brian.
I hate this place.
Right.
Nothing works here.
No.
The medications don't work.
No.
I've been here for seven years.
Yes.
Nothing works here.
No.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medications don't work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Seven till noon at 2 a.m.
Another shooting by the way, a United Fest at Laudahill Mall.
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
What the hell is United Fest?
King says he's worked on the event for about seven years and it's always been peaceful.
Others other than maybe some little disturbances I've never seen any fights here.
She said people bring their families.
It's about music. It's about cotton candy.
Oh cotton candy that'll kill you.
And if the cotton candy doesn't, it's in the whole of Smite.
United Fest began eight years ago as an event to celebrate Laudie Hill's diversity.
Oh man.
Well, of course, there's a little problem there.
And a problem, a problem, a grand day.
Take a bunch of calls and we're going to play music till midnight.
Oh, I like it.
So soothing.
Oh, I got a nice buttermilk pancake.
It was real.
It was really good.
Oh man.
I bet you're kind of leasier than a good stack.
A short stack.
Or maybe an ed stack.
Robert's stack.
Somebody QA and hello.
I'm Miss Robert, Zach Badley.
QA and hello.
You know how he do it, sir.
Okay.
I know you can't let people in on it for 20 minutes.
It's more extreme.
It's more enough.
One of those 1300 people that looks as often as I can on the net.
Right.
But if there's something you can put on your website and fill in your listening audience.
About what?
What went on the opening Hank show and your show today.
Oh, no.
Nothing went on Hank show because we usually do the crossover.
And this is I was sitting here at 9.56 getting ready to do the crossover.
Instead of here at Hank leading into my, you know, saying something to me.
All of a sudden I heard clearance and duff come on and breathlessly.
Oh, we hate to do this to you right before the show.
But Joyce said that we have to monitor your show for FCC because somebody is complaining and stirring up a bunch of crap again.
So we have to monitor your show for FCC violations every day.
And so they are monitoring as we speak right now.
So you better cover yourself accordingly.
So I'll be very careful what you be saying.
Well, there's a name I haven't heard you mention today.
I don't know if that's one you can't talk about.
Art governor.
Have you heard what he did recently?
About what?
I'm in Orlando.
Do you hear the mayor got suspended?
And he's a Democrat.
Yeah, for what?
Uh, suppose we're a quick election, uh, paying somebody.
What does that have to do with us, sir?
You know, I've always said this in a really just cross my ass.
You people in Tampa and Orlando are the most myopic, the most selfish people.
All you know is your little neighborhood like all the rest of the world cares about that.
We don't care, sir.
Any more than we care about who's on the radio in Orlando, who's on real radio, unreal radio.
We don't care.
We don't give a fly in.
How do you like that?
Huh?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it, sir.
I mean, what an idiotic question.
Does this have something to do with someone's little, uh, some mayor thing in her?
Well, what has that got to do with governor Bush?
Okay, that fascist bastard.
We got enough of our own fascist bastards as in Joyce.
Five hammer, five hammer, three more.
Hey, gold burning days, seven to ten.
I'm 40 seconds.
Four, three, oh, five, fifty.
That is two eight hours.
Miami, court, Lauderdale.
Then it's the 12 to one hour on Q8L.
What do you mean?
This is a reporter remembers.
I'm then rather pointing.
Tonight, we'll look back at my longest thing with career as a reporter for CVS News.
I can assure you that every fact in tonight's tribute has been checked and rechecked by our CVS news producers, the best of the business.
My store begins in a small town in Texas.
I was born to son of poor black sharecropper.
As captain of the football, baseball, and ice hockey teams, I graduated Magnory, Sigma, Supercommodi.
After graduating with a top of my class at Harvard, I joined the Army and earned several purple hearts,
which I later asked John Kerrett to throw away for me.
After touring China as a ping pong master, I returned home to run across the country twice, invent the smiley face, and start a large shrimp company with my army buddy, Luke Tennett-Dan.
I purchased seniors in my fame 62 and hired myself as a reporter.
After the death of Walker Crunkett in 1992, I ascended to the throne of anchor of CVS News with Ann Arr.
Where I remained until I alone made the decision to step down after I was duke to find my producer into Aaron of Falls report, which I wrote.
And now, as I pass along the torch, lit by the likes of Crunkett and Merle, do another battled hard and journalist, probably Katie Kerrett.
I lived with one word, correct.
And two more words, bite me, and that's part of our world, the part that really sucks.
Bye-bye, Dan.
Bitch.
Oh, he even Dan's upset with Joyce, and I don't blame him.
See, I'm going to say it again. I just read another one of those supercelliist emails from Norma Kent.
We just continue. But it will put a quick do in the tap dance, Norma, okay?
Oh, speaking of Norma Kent, you know the movie 54? Did I mention I saw that?
I talked about this in the movie. I didn't mention 54.
And the only reason I watched it, and I'll admit it, is because Ryan Philippe was running around naked in the home movie.
Didn't roll with that.
No, there was nothing wrong with that. He looked real pretty.
But the movie was horrible, and halfway through the movie, till I realized it was Mike Myers who played Steve Vogue.
What was your guy's name from Cup 54, who died of AIDS?
I don't know.
Steve Vogue, that screamer.
But anyway, it was Mike Myers who played him in the movie.
Right.
And what was the point I was going to make about that?
I don't know. He did a good job.
Oh.
No, but, oh, no. Anyway, it was Mike Myers who looked like more like Norma Kent than like Steve, whatever's anyone.
No, really.
I did think that he looked a lot like Norma and I saw that movie.
Yeah, I see that.
The character.
He looks just like Norma.
Plus, they must have had a fake nose because I didn't recognize him at all.
I mean, Mike Myers is Canadian. We've seen the Austin Powers 80 million times all of them.
He's been in the movie for the idea of our time.
Is he really?
He's good, but not in that movie. That movie was just awful.
But Ryan Philippe looked pretty.
And now the audience is piling on.
This is exactly what you expect from South Florida.
First I read the, and I was very honest, Jay had his thumb right on it.
He was absolutely correct.
But now I get a fact from Tom who wants to pile on, you know, 15 yards for unnecessary roughness, Tom.
Neil, you deserve what you get.
Everyone told you it was a mistake not to sign.
Get out of your contract. Get a real lawyer and sign with the XMR Serious Radio.
Miss misspelling Serious for them.
Giving expert advice can't even spell Serious.
But here's who you remember all the fallout when you announced that you signed in the first place.
That was like for the first two hours of the show afterwards.
What was that?
All these people calling up saying that you're crazy what are you doing?
Most of those were Howard's people.
They were Serious's brother and the other Howard people.
Most of those was in his side job.
That accounts for a couple of them.
But they were right.
They were right, but if Serious would have been that serious, then we could instead of be better.
And then waiting until like three months later and saying, oh, guess what?
We want to have Neil show on there.
You know, they could have put some just been a little bit more indicated they were serious.
I mean, if that's their name, then live up to it.
If you're going to call yourself Serious, that's time to get Serious.
Right?
Yeah.
Not half Serious, not a little bit serious.
It's time to get Serious.
Because these people here in this company are never going to change.
And all of this really started big time.
When they started losing it is when this Joyce Broad came along.
This was the biggest mistake in the history of this business.
She is a cancer on my life and my career.
I continue that right now.
And I'm being kind by putting in those terms, a cancer on my existence.
Norma emails me this.
There was somebody else who sent them some some crap about they don't like Hank and they don't like me.
And right away she's overreacting every if you want to get her nickers in a thing.
Then just call up Joyce over there and they were sent her an email over there in April's.
And tell her your mama something.
Oh, gee.
Oh, we're good.
Yeah.
Talk about level headed.
Not.
Here's a fact that says Norma can't.
Norma can't.
Isn't your biggest problem.
Just cut her loose already.
She's an arrogant jackass who's more worried about being some kind of local celebrity with the radio show and fact newspaper.
We're not she showed the sold the fact and the runaways and the pot stuff.
You need a real agent somebody who does just that so lament.
Yeah, who would that be?
Huh?
Where's the real agent out there?
Where's the real hero that's going to come forward and salvage my whatever I got left, whatever little credibility and humility I got left.
He said this guy was always telling me, oh, this is all set and this is taken care of.
And let me tell you something by the way, Norma can't.
I would have paid 50 grand to anybody to get them off my back.
Okay.
Sometimes that's what it takes.
It's what a bit of bargain would have been a hell of a bargain and a hell of a lot less than those FCC finds by the way.
Okay, but no, these people are going to stand up for principle.
They're not going to let anybody shake them down.
Right.
That's why we got people monitoring the show today for FCC violations.
That's why we can't say crap.
Exactly.
And of course, that's a shot at you and you and Josh there too because basically what it implies is that among the three of us, we're not competent.
I'm only been doing this a hundred years right.
The three of us aren't competent to decide if something is over the lie.
Absolutely agree.
Which I guarantee you that all three of us, even young Josh quarters there who don't even have his ears wedded, even he knows.
In fact, he's believed to couple things out that I let go.
How do you like that?
Haven't you sir?
How did I know?
Yeah, you did.
What?
There was one day you had dumped something out.
I forget what it was.
Maybe I did too, but George let it go.
Of course, George is a pervert anyway.
What's your point?
I don't know.
Kill some good time.
It's just, you know, the audience has got to believe that I make this stuff up.
They can't, they, they do it.
Nobody in, nobody in your right mind could believe that this stuff could happen that four minutes before you're supposed to go on and do a talk show.
Which doesn't require like, you know, it's not like rocket science or open-heart surgery, but you have to have some kind of semblance of your brains being unscramble.
And it's like,
Like that, the most common statement or question at any of these appearances that I do.
And you can count on one per appearance as you're asking or saying, how much of that is made up?
I got news for you.
I got a pretty limited and vivid imagination.
I couldn't make this stuff up.
And my wildest imagination, even Edgar Allen Schmoe could make this up.
744 votes on a Hillary and Condoleezaprole for 2008.
Hillary 434, Condoleezaprole, what's she got?
89.
I believe the country 171 wouldn't vote 50, about 50 cents.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, O'Neill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, O'Neill, very free.
Oh, yeah, happy anniversary.
And you know something, I didn't get a card.
I didn't get a phone call.
I didn't get an email.
I didn't get a fax from any of those grave robbers there.
What do I get four minutes before I go on here today?
I get psychosis.
I look at the kind of thing that you had.
Really emergency broadcast things that came across.
What, on our station?
Yeah.
All right, let's hear it.
They can play them all day for my part.
I'll just take an amp.
They can play them all day.
Yeah, one other thing I want to say, thank you for the gift that I got.
But the best prize of all was the good looking secretary that you have working at the office.
Oh, you mean he's one of the last ones.
No, I'm one of those that won that VIP Friday.
Yeah, right.
Well, thank God you came in when Nazlum was on here and not the freaky Carlos.
You just said, oh, yes.
Okay, you're like it, pal.
But I don't see lawsuit.
Don't say lawsuit.
I'll grab it to suit.
It's a suit.
It's a burst brother suit, tough.
Man.
You're right.
Those two faxes I read, you're right.
But there's no sense in piling on.
I mean, it's just it's a cruel and unusual punishment to do that.
But those people are right.
I am an idiot.
I am a fool.
I am a mole run.
But don't worry.
No, no question about it.
How anybody is right mind with even the tiniest bit of self-confidence and ability.
You have to be a M-O-R-O-N.
Exactly.
You said a mole.
That's what the most stands for.
M-O-R-O-N.
Or just M-O.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's why we call a mole.
M-O.
Yeah, say it again.
Anyway, five six seven O five sixty five.
I feel like, you know, I want to talk about pancakes.
I feel like I got scrambled eggs where my brains used to be.
Like somebody scrambled my brains this morning.
I mean, I can't even imagine a look on my face when I, well, all of a sudden, those voices came on there.
And I'm sitting here ready to join with Hank there and do our little cereal crossover.
And he sounds like, you know, everything's going along fine.
And we thought everything's going along.
And oh mother...
Have you got a butter?
Shut up.
Have you got a butter?
I haven't had to have a butter...
No, don't...
I live like that.
I can imagine a look on your face, of horror and amazement and dismay and disbelief.
It was positively unbelievable and unacceptable and unreal and unconscionable!
But, you see, when you're flunkey, you'll do anything that they tell you to do that.
That's the part. This is the, if either one of those people ever call this place again,
they're going to hear the dial tone so fast they won't know what hit them.
If I would have stuck to that a long time ago, I'd be mentally in a much better position right now,
in a better state.
You know what I'm saying? What do you say?
Because I remember another incident where, oh, it's going to hang up its official business.
There is no official business at that place. There is only monkey business, monkey business,
no official business, only monkey business. Call up Norma, okay?
Send me a fact, send an email, send a note in a bottle, put it in the,
hope it will line up in Lake Ontario somewhere, put it in the stream,
put it in June Allison's never ending stream, but get out of my face because you people there are crazy people.
Just, just little flunky, it's like, you know, throughout history.
I mean, there was the court gesture, but then the king always had his like little flunkies that would go into,
bring the word, you know, the days, he was right.
Oh, well, you're going to be executed in two, three to seven, no, and the king has a message.
I think we had a like, get Vincent sent a message, you know,
and I'm not talking about Joey Zaza either, even if we're all a Hineses driving.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM, spring is here just about,
and I was a great time to get on down to Armstrong Ford,
a homestead for some great deals on new O5s.
Right now, get behind the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford
and zero percent financing.
How about an exhibition with $3,000 cash back and 1.9% financing?
Check out the O5 Ford or Explorer right now, Armstrong Ford or Homestead,
with $2,500 cash back and 1.9% financing.
And don't forget, only when you buy from Armstrong Ford or Homestead,
will you get their exclusive tires, parts, and batteries for life program,
plus a free Florida sun pass to boot, eh?
Armstrong Ford of Homestead is proud of their servicemen and women.
If you're in a military, have a relative in a military,
no matter if it's active duty, reserved, national guard or coast guard.
I'm sorry, that's active duty.
A military appreciation discount is waiting for you at Armstrong Ford or Homestead too.
David Rich and the staff will do just about anything to give you good service
because being locally owned and operated, they want to make your customer for life,
and they will guarantee you, they'll bet you made a Bell's life on it,
you're going to get the best price only at Armstrong Ford or Homestead.
30725 South Dixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836.
Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com,
and then you can give David Rich or Victor a call at 305.
That's 305-247-512-247-512.
Grab a little and save thousands for yourself from Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You want to sneak to the illegal Rogers?
Move to the way.
On 560-7AM.
What is Plato's retreat?
Deliverative justice.
This is what it means.
Michael, this is the pencil journey.
But I have something that they would mean to you.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
I call it my name.
It's a 12-18.
This fact is correct by the way.
We are going to have music until two o'clock and for the foreseeable future.
I always just told that it's not correct other than the EAS business.
I'll go to the Y.
The EBS which is now the EAS.
What does that continue with dumping the stuff we're talking about?
That's what I'm saying.
According to the power that means we were not being dumped.
So evidently this fact we just got here is from an Ojm pervacanterus
trying to steer the pot in Coral Springs.
So I blow out your **** exactly.
Okay?
He says, the fact that he says during the last few minutes,
you've been dumped the numerous times.
It says, I heard Stern this morning
to write a hand commercial.
He was farting, happy birthday to somebody.
Why can he do it on other beat?
Another all my, you know, something that is incredible.
This is even better than the other facts.
Yeah.
He was farting, happy birthday to someone.
Why can't, this is on the Beasley Station in Fort Myers
that our company owns over there.
And your show is chopped up.
Where's the consistency?
You should walk out, QAM deserves more.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
The more I think about it, the more I think
this fact is about a point.
Well, that's what I should have done today.
As soon as they came out, of course,
it caught me off guard with such a shock.
I should have said, hey, as soon as you decide
what you want, I'll come back.
Otherwise, bullet out your ass.
That's a good point.
They're still carrying the Stern's show
over there in Fort Myers.
I wonder if it had station is that there's the Beasley Station.
He was farting, happy birthday.
And I guess Joyce has no problem with that.
But if we do have a fart sound on the ear
on this station, not again, not that we can't live without
the fart sounds, but it's just an example to show you
the kind of lengths that they're going to try to like
cut our balls off here on this radio station.
So we can't do anything to kind of guarantee our failure.
I mean, if they want us to fail,
then why not tell us that?
Unfreak and believable.
Oh, by the way, happy anniversary to you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Duff and Clarence and Greg.
Of course, Greg was as usual, A-Wall.
When the tug, go and get tough,
the tough get out of the country, the tough go on vacation.
Like that first, I mean, could we ever forget that
first day on this radio station?
After lie, after lie, after threat, after threat,
that we had a hold their feet to the fire
to get that make-believe studio on the second floor finished.
And after nobody in their right mind believed them,
we'd have a studio ready to go on the year
on that December 30th, seven years ago,
seven years plus seven and a quarter.
And so Greg takes the family and they get on a plane,
and they go out of town to Chicago,
because God forbid he would have been around,
because he knew it was probably gonna be a disaster.
And right till like a few minutes before we got on the year,
we didn't even know if we'd gonna get on the year.
Remember that?
Of course, how could I forget?
And the fact that we worked through the night
to get some bits in there because of DCS
wasn't running until nine o'clock for night before.
Right.
Yeah, I forgot about that.
Oh, man, I think the book is the good idea.
I think talking to Tom Jicke,
my ball had a good personal friend,
I think after the show, that's a good idea too.
You want one hell of a story, Tommy?
I'm ready.
Of course, he's gonna print it anyway.
Right.
He's also been neutralized.
We'll call Barry Jackson.
I don't have very, don't speak to me,
very don't recognize me.
I wouldn't dignify him anyway.
Barry Jack asked a little brown paper bag
carrying piece of turd.
I wouldn't talk to him.
A lump on a on a on your ass.
That's very, come to QA and hello.
Neil, happy Monday.
Back to you.
Wonderful.
Listen, you know what they deserve to monitor?
That is bush now with going, going, going, going, going,
going off for the next few hours.
I'm not going all the way through the rest of the day.
I think it's a good idea.
Since they're busy promoting Chris Bush,
I think that guy had a good point.
Stop.
Yeah.
End the snooze.
That's right, I do.
That's right, that's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah, that'd be good.
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow for four hours.
All right.
I'll be here with that.
Let me correct myself.
Maybe you'll do that tomorrow for four hours.
I'll be happy to.
With some rock-wee music in the background.
Right, that would be good.
As keep the music going, it's perfect.
As President Bush campaigns to change social security
needs to go over independence, very women and subordinates.
People who tend to support him on terrorism,
but have indicated doubts about his plan
for the retirement program.
Just over a third of Americans, 37% of approval
Bush's handling of social security and AP people
found when it comes to Bush's strong suit handling
foreign policy and terrorism, 52% approved.
They like all those dead people in Iraq, including the Americans.
A majority of Americans, 56%, say they disapprove
of Bush's handling of social security,
a similar number to recent pull by the AP,
opposed the creation of personal investment accounts,
a proposal sent to Bush's plans.
Like I said, let's let you take all the money to the track.
OK, all your retirement money.
Just take it to the track.
Well, that's right.
I forgot his brother, our fat ass governor.
He don't like gambling.
I'm sorry.
Well, we'll play the lottery with it then.
Something he does like.
There you go.
I'll play it to the end of Florida lottery.
That's a really good bet.
I see somebody in hell in there, 120 million.
I hope it wasn't sunny, Rosenberg.
Oi!
5670560, pound 560 only for rising in singular wireless line.
The day that will live in infamy in March 14, 2005,
another day in hell with Joyce and the beesleaves.
Now, in only his case, Greg back from his vacation.
Yes.
You've seen him there?
He's actually back?
No.
You just know that he's back?
Yes.
OK.
Well, that having been said since he's
supposed to be the general mangler and since he's
got his tentacles all over and footprints all over everything
it goes on, unfortunately.
Where is he in the middle of all of this?
I don't know.
You see, I'm afraid that Joyce has rendered him impotent.
She has chopped off his glands.
Double turn!
Too late.
WDQA, I am hello.
Hey, you.
Yeah.
Hey, sorry.
I had to put up with that.
That's OK.
Everybody's got to go sometime.
You know, you brought back some memories
that you were raven about just a minute ago about your first
day on the air.
On two over 30th.
I was your very first colleague, QAM.
Wow.
And I was going to call him from New York.
I remember panicking because the numbers changed
at the time.
I got to get on.
I got to get on.
And you were raven.
I remember your first line was George Corso was God.
I mean, boy, what a difference a few years make.
Yeah.
Because in order for him to get that studio going.
No, that time it was true.
We had a work day and night to get all that to pay
to the together equipment going to make the Leaves studio.
It didn't take too long though because I remember one,
not too many weeks afterward when we couldn't get on the air.
Right.
And Corso was over at the old trailer.
The old dump that they used to be broadcasting from there on us.
Where the hell was it, George?
Oh, in like a Pember of points.
And Pember of points.
And we needed desperately to get an engineer to get him over
there because we had technical problems inside our studio.
And the word was his car was in the shop.
He couldn't get a ride over that.
George, his car was in the shop.
He couldn't get a ride.
Yeah, that's how much he cared about getting us back on the air.
And so all of that fall, they're all Greg Reed out of town.
I remember clearly invocation.
Oh, yeah.
He was on another busman's holiday.
And like I said, when the go-and-get stuff,
the tough hop out of plane and then take off their whole ass.
Well, early in the show, before they started beeping you,
and you were telling your stories, they did
allow the name of the individual's name to get out on the air.
Yeah.
Not that it was anything new to any of us.
No, of course not.
And you are where they're back in the day in college.
But there's another, there was a college football player
of the same name called the Rowan Samoan.
Yeah.
So I don't think that you can be fine
for mentioning a college football player.
Well, first of all, you can't be fine for mentioning
anybody on the air.
This is just their own joyous panicking and them panicking
and then Joyce tells normal, oh, well, if he wants to do it,
they don't know what the hell they want.
They've gotten themselves in such a pile of crap.
And again, none of it having to do with me,
all of it having to do with Ferrell and putting the steering
on here, because they won't listen to anybody, including me.
They know best.
And then we, all the rest of us, have to pay over.
We can price for it.
And all this crap, because of a Super Bowl halftime show
with two nobody's, it's insane.
It's ridiculous.
I don't know where you got me in this.
You want me to go?
Yeah, but don't forget, that was just an excuse
for you, even with a bunch of fascists.
That was just an excuse to impose their will
and to start clamping down on everybody.
Well, you know, collect the pay check and do what you got to do.
Yeah, play a lot of good music.
There you go.
Have a great day, pal.
Good to hear from you.
I like that there's our first caller from QAN.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
But we already had a pretty good idea.
Yeah.
We already had a really good idea.
We're working for a bunch of crazy people,
like that, inept, idiotic, unreachable, absolutely unreachable.
You can't get to a man.
You can't talk any sense to these people.
But Greg is intrigued by that.
I remember very jackass, he was feeding him that line over and over again.
And of course, that was when it was screwing over Joe Rosen,
stringing him along and stringing him along.
And then, oh, guess what, Joe, you're out.
We got Howard on there.
Well, you know, like I said, not good Howard,
but the fact of the matter is you can't be on in this market,
not if you want to keep your license.
I tried to tell him that.
Would they listen to me?
No.
They listen to anybody?
No.
And wasn't Joyce there when this was ongoing on Joyce?
Look in a mirror, honey, if you've got a strong stomach,
I realize it's in the middle of lunch hour.
Look in a mirror.
Look at your own failings.
Look at your own screw ups, honey.
It ain't a pretty picture.
If your carpets are in a pretty picture,
there's something you can do about them
that is you can call the expert to drive concepts.
I've been using these folks for almost a lifetime now.
It seems like it.
At least once a year, I haven't come to my home
and this is a variety of homes over the past 20 years.
And they dry clean my carpets and make them look just like brand new.
Even when I had the dogs,
and believe me, that little dog especially used to do a number
on my carpets like you wouldn't believe.
Even worse than Joyce is doing to us if that's possible.
And after dry concepts finished,
you just look around and think,
hey, there was never anything bad on those carpets.
They look just like brand new.
And of course, when they get done,
because they use a rapid drying technique,
your carpets are drying just an hour and a half.
You really can clean today and entertain tonight.
Nobody does it better,
and nobody else gives you a written guaranteed price up front
before they start to job either.
So you don't have to worry about rip offs when you get your carpets cleaned.
Also, your furniture, your draper,
your expensive area, or your little rugs,
all of these things.
Call dry concepts today tool-free.
I guarantee you that I'll never let you down.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the Wicked Web.
It's dryconcepts.com.
Dry concepts making carpets clean
and saw fluorescence way back in 1979.
You will listen to a new Roger.
Call him to school today,
on 560-60-USD.
Thank you, A.M.
I don't know what you heard about me.
What did you say to me?
No one to break away.
Because when the bullets be flying at me,
I run as F.A.S.D.S.C.F.D.
I don't know what you heard about me.
But when they shoot me,
you see me running as fast as can be.
Because I'm a W.I.M.D.
I sure do when they shoot and guns in the neighborhood.
I ain't no one to stick around.
I'm out of the goods.
Shoot as my leaf that you send.
I'm in the ground.
I miss out the leaf like a faucet when I'm full of holes.
Now, mom always told me guns were dangerous.
Man, it'd rather be a famous living than a famous dead man.
It's satin-early involved with some shootout.
I'm gonna pay insane for you running.
Just chicken out.
I don't know what you heard about me.
But if you send a known to bravery,
Because when the bullets be flying at me,
I run as F.A.S.C.F.S.C.F.D.
I don't know what you heard about me.
But when they shoot me out at this street,
You see me running as fast as can be.
Because I'm a W.I.M.D.
What I sure fits in there, don't I?
It fits right in with our management
And with our corporate attorney over there.
And the West Coast, 1233-560-W-Q-A-M.
Here's the fact.
Now, this story, this is the kind of important stuff
that the media passes along to us.
All these studies that are done,
Wait here, there's study finds,
soap and water are best for a clean hand.
Oh my God.
So I just had to get to see what I had been using.
I guess I better switch.
You better watch it now.
You're going to get dumped any second.
Just thinking about whatever you're going to say.
Forget about actually saying it.
You haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell of saying it.
I got news for it.
This whole new deal is going to stop very quickly.
As I'm I'll put up with this today,
just a humor then,
and believe me, there's no humor in it.
But this is going to stop as of the end of the end of the two o'clock.
Because if they think that I'm going to come here
under these circumstances every day,
this is not part of our deal, okay?
This is not the way it works.
This show isn't jeopardizing the license of this radio station
in any way, shape or form.
We have sanitized this show to such a degree,
even if you bleached your hands instead of using soap.
Even if you use Kurok's bleached,
bleaching them to the point where all the skin peeled off,
you couldn't sanitize them any more than what we're doing with this show.
So unless Norma Kent or the powers that be there
can bring Joyce back and put at least one toe on the ground
and back to the real world,
forget about this kid.
They can blow this place right out there bottom.
Because this is totally unacceptable as what it is to me.
It's a slack on the face.
That's it.
Put him on here.
Put him on mid days.
Get some big numbers in there.
Absolutely.
Mom was right.
If you want to get your hands clean,
good old-fashioned soap and water work best.
A new study by infection control specialist
at the University of North Carolina Hospital confirms
the best way to get germs off your hands
is with soap and water.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
This is what America is spending their money on.
I'm just curious as to what alternative
is they were considering?
Greece.
Okay.
South.
South.
Sand is good.
Glass.
Researchers tested 14 hand hygiene agents plus tap water
against specific bacteria and viruses applied to the hands
of 62 in all-foam tears.
Soap and water or microbial soap and water were shown to be
the most effective at removing viruses in bacteria.
Among the viruses soap and hand washing flushes down the drain
is the one that causes the common cold.
Other viruses that were removed were those that caused
hepatitis A, stomach fluid and a host of other illnesses,
hand wipes were the least effective.
They only removed about half the bacteria from volunteer's hands.
Furthermore, anybody who uses hand wipes is,
oh, silly person.
Plus they rest from the free.
They stink.
That depends on which one you're using.
Waterless alcohol-based agents had variable
and sometimes poor effects becoming less effective
after multiple washes.
Emily Sikberg Bennett, the studies lead author, said soap and water
were better over repeated use because water washes germs
down the drain.
So it's always a good idea to scrub, wash it off, okay?
I'm doing everything wrong.
The author said the waterless rubs and wipes,
the users never rinse their hands.
They just rub their hands and let them dry.
So all that smuts just dries right there in your skin.
Still, hand rub solutions are considered highly effective,
especially if there's no available alternative.
The study also looked at how long it takes to wash.
Oh, this was a very important study.
I'm sure our tax dollars paid for it.
Hey, don't stop now.
How long it takes to wash hands properly?
Previous research had tested people who cleaned their hands.
30 seconds or more.
About 30, man.
But Sikberg Bennett said the average length of time
busy healthcare professionals spend washing their hands
is only 10 seconds.
Well, any idiot can tell you, 10 seconds ain't going to do it.
We wanted to test the products under realistic conditions
you said in the news release.
The researchers found that hand washing fruit
just 10 seconds eliminated 90% of the bacteria.
And that was the case for all the different hand washing methods
tested except hand wipes.
So what does that mean?
Oh, in other words, 10 seconds will do it.
Just a quick dab will do it.
A quick, a quick, a quick, a quick, a rougher.
How's Rosie doing?
She's still dead.
Oh, damn it.
816 votes on a poll.
I have no idea what the final, what tomorrow's poll is going to be.
Oh, I got to change it again.
816 votes if Hillary and Condoleezer ran for president in 2008.
You would vote for Hillary 482.
Leave the country 183.
Condoleezer 93.
Or please a Condoleezer.
That's Dr. Rice.
And wouldn't vote 58.
Got it?
Got it.
I think that's our liberal crowd.
They like Hillary.
I don't like her, but that's what they got.
W.C.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
I've been listening to you all day and I'm sorry you're having a fronty Monday.
Yeah, the worst thing for diabetes is stress, okay?
I think this is what they're doing to me between the contract negotiations
and what they pulled at 9.56 this morning.
I think this constitutes a massive gigantic lawsuit.
About 50 million is what it sounds like to me.
Absolutely.
And I think you should include the moron and Carl Gables.
I'm sick of him.
And I'm sick of him dictating what I can listen to.
But while I was subject, Duff Lindsay needs to stop taking his checks
because if that guy in Gables good, dictate programming,
he should be getting paid as programming director, don't you think?
Yeah, well Duff and Clarece between the two of me,
and I'll tell you there were a powerhouse one, two punch,
make no mistake about it.
And I also want to praise you on that tinkling plate.
How long does it matter fly?
A lesser talent would have been broadcasting facts numbers for Fort Myers.
Yeah, this reverse.
You fight your own battles and that's why I think you got this.
You do what I call it.
We're running around before you.
A smarter guy would have gotten up and gone back to bed and said,
Georgia, if you want to do it fine,
if not just to play music and go to hell.
Very seriously, it just happened so fast and caught me off guard.
I didn't even have time to think about what I was going to do.
I should have shown this to shove it.
I'm not going to work on these circumstances every day.
That's ridiculous.
Well, is it possible that you found people who know less about broadcasting
the low-packs and...
Right.
He fought IOD and stripped the two most valuable assets he had.
And now if QA and loses G...
I got news for us, sir.
Bud Paxon was a rocket scientist compared to the beesleaves.
He was a genius.
That's a dangerous spot.
I'm a serious.
We were in Georgia that we were talking about that earlier.
That's a fact.
Well, by the way, as far as that name that I did here,
they are twice.
So I was proud of you for that.
The actor who played the case on a dynasty had that name too.
So if you are not a firm nomad, maybe that will make his day.
All right.
Now you're really going off the deep end.
No, no, no.
The character was the same.
But...
Yeah.
So I know he told me for a big...
So maybe that will make his day.
If you call it, instead of using a thing, just call him the case son for dynasty.
Have a great day, Pali.
Give it to Pali.
See.
Now it's 20 to 1.
And didn't I mention you that I need a copy for Pomp and a Park?
But you see Curtis, our sales manager, he's not going to see that they give me any copy until I stop talking about him on the air.
See, I need to make the news to you, Curtis.
I don't want the copy for me.
I want it for the client.
I know that's something that you can't relate to.
And then our sales mentality isn't aware of.
We need a copy that I don't have.
I have nothing.
I got generic, which I guess I'll do my best.
But I know that for sure there's stuff that ought to be starting today.
Now Troy, little Troy, who of course is another one of those rehab projects that we got.
Troy.
One of those ex-dolphin players.
It's a good guy.
I like him a lot.
But unfortunately when it comes to like servicing the accounts and doing copy, copy ain't us.
That's his thing.
You know, copy ain't us.
Copy ain't me.
I mean, we don't have any new Pomp and a Park copy.
Do we that I'm missing that there's sitting around or somewhere?
Do you know that I don't have any on me?
No.
Do you have any on you?
Not copy anyway.
Now, how about some...
Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pomp and a Park racing and poker has the gambling action that you are coveting, man, that you're just dying for.
Just a half mile from both on on the 5th and the floor to turn pipe.
Pomp and a Park features free admission and free general parking every day.
It doesn't matter if you go to Pomp and a Park, find my good friend Dick Feinberg.
He'll give you a song to dance about how our drivers at Pomp and a Park are everybody's good as the driving colony at Woodbine.
And just stand there like this, laugh and laugh and laugh.
Oh yeah, they're good.
They've ain't real hand-out.
They like that.
He's got a good sense of humor.
Live harness racing and the poker room open every day.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Like today, poker starts at noon.
In other words, it's underway already.
The day goes till midnight and live racing gets underway tonight at 725 and every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
And of course, simul casting from tracks all around North America every day, seven days a week, day, time and night, time to.
Pomp and a Park have lost athletic polo hard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or go on the wicked web at Pomp and a Park.com.
Don't forget, poker is going on right now.
First post-time tonight, 725 at Pomp and a Park.
Yours needs a meal, Roger.
Congratulations on the bike ticket.
QA.
Followed Pop Little Boy.
The station presents,
Reel of American Heroes.
Reel of American Heroes.
Today, we salute you, Mr. Kiss Me I My Wish Button Wearer.
Mr. Kiss Me I My Wish Button Wearer.
Ancient every St. Patrick's Day.
You placed that in a mullipal of your ugly green blazing.
In the desperate hope that someone might take you upon your offer.
But nobody ever does.
Sorry, Mr. Kiss Me I My Wish Button Wearer.
But there's nothing spoochable about a mountain that was vomiting green fear not 20 minutes ago.
You still have some on your chin.
How about drinking some green mouthwash instead?
It's even got alcohol in it.
So the next time you're invited to lock lips with a liquor soaked leprechaun look alike.
poker your mouth and say,
Go found your shill-alie classy.
To Mr. Kiss Me I My Wish Button Wearer.
A real American Hero.
Mr. Kiss Me I My Wish Button Wearer.
Where's your potato famine when you need it?
Right, don't.
Kiss that.
It's 12.47 at 5.60.
So I mentioned that the Norma Kent spoke with Joyce for 40 minutes this morning.
You did literally?
From about 9.10 till about 9.50.
He sure didn't affective job.
The name, oh yeah nice going Norma.
She sure got the job done.
And calling off the historian, coming her down and getting her knock to intercede and create all this madness we have going on.
And ruining our show and ruining my day and yours and everybody else's too.
And causing duck and clearance to be sitting there listening to this non-sport show for four hours.
Which stuff me enjoy but I'm sure clearance is just bitterly offended.
That's free.
That's a raspberry by the way clearance.
They better not dump that.
Raspberry.
Fruits are good for you baby.
How about you dump those that?
5.670560, pound 560 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Oh look at those phones man.
Are they smoking or what huh?
They're smoking something.
WQA and hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
I'm Halley.
Try to break.
Great.
5.6 and knock down one call on the board.
Like I said, I think the music is a good idea.
I think it's my magnificent.
You know.
But you got some.
That's cool.
Have you heard?
Oh I got mine.
I got Burton coming.
Good.
My slot machine playing buddy.
Can we say his name anymore?
No I don't think so.
I got Burton f**king things.
Certainly can't say the first syllable here and T of N.
Plus he's breathing too hard on there anyway.
Cut it out of Bert.
People were starting to talk.
WQA and hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen why don't they give me the business here.
I think you're doing a great job.
You know, I want you to tell them you two stick in a brass.
Yeah that's a good idea.
Hey Joyce stick it up your ass.
This call says.
Fantastic.
Neil, you have a great one.
Then back to you.
So what does that mean if I tell her that?
That's what Norma showed it to her.
He should have told her that if they start messing with his show,
it's going to be a lawsuit.
Because when they hear the word lawsuit, these people tend to like just
just shrivel out of the loop.
They just lose it.
They shrivel like into a little puddle.
Because they're panic people, especially since this one person,
her last name rhymes with bitch.
Since this individual came along to be our corporate attorney,
man, she has turned this place upside down inside out.
And what you did to me this morning Joyce,
with your two partners in crime there,
this is absolutely unconscionable.
I wouldn't do it to Hitler.
We wouldn't do it to Osama,
which he did to me in this show this morning.
All the years that I've been since I was 17 years old,
45 years in his horse-bobbed business,
and in my wildest dreams,
I have never encountered anything like that.
But these people just don't understand it.
They don't know what it means to do.
It was the same way that I would need to agree,
not this degree, but it happened a couple of times,
right before the show they would tell you something that would
put you in a really surly sour mood.
And I wonder why you were like in a bad mood for four hours.
Yeah, how could I ruin your day, you know?
And see the individuals that are monitoring right now,
the flunkies, you know, I,
it's gotten lately why I enjoy ruin in their day
because they keep coming back and asking me the same so he has
question of how everything is.
And I keep telling them the same thing,
and nothing ever changes.
Just like that piece of copy we just had,
a top and a part shouldn't pay for that spot.
I think we ought to take criticism at his word.
So if we have any copy that isn't fresh,
that isn't been redone,
we ought to just cross the spots out,
win it out, cross them out.
If everybody else can file for chapter 11,
why not if K-Mart can do it?
It's good enough for us, right?
Right. And the way these people are running this joint,
I think that could be next.
Nobody QAAM, hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
They're trying to get in touch with you for a while.
Here I am.
Touch on you.
Long time, Uncle Neil, you know,
you used to talk about health issues and, you know,
the floating eye things and all that stuff.
Are you still out of talk about the, uh,
roids?
Roids?
You know, like,
hello.
I got a serious question, Uncle Neil.
I'm not trying to joke around.
You're talking about,
Eddie, I once wore, they're going to put you in jail.
All right, I won't say it.
Um, you know,
he gets those things going on back there, like,
whether, you know, the little thing that they start, you know,
whatever.
We're not going to talk about hemorrhoids.
They're serious.
We're not going to talk about hemorrhoids on a day
that they're sitting there with their finger on it.
Well, of course, maybe that's where they got their finger.
On each other's,
it might be it.
I'm actually, if, if parents are deaf, I got roids right now.
I'm actually, they can probably describe each other pretty well
because they got their finger on it.
Now, what we heard?
I'm sorry.
I wasn't listening.
Oh, my paper is starting to get, uh,
I'll screw it up in my fax machine.
Whistle at two under something.
Um, what should I whistle?
Yeah, the professionals.
Yeah, my paper was turning Chinese.
It was on a sling.
Anyway, cut the crap.
Here is the day.
It says, since the day you refer, oh, this is cute.
You refuse to sign the 18-page manifesto
of the beesleaves, do's, and don'ts.
You lay down the gauntlet for Joyce to figure out another way to sanitize.
You, regardless of your contract,
mandates will be next.
It says, remember, you are the only non-sports show
and all those sports holes are working behind your back
to eradicate you from the air.
Well, I got a simple solution for that.
Write a check, okay?
I'll take 60 cents of the dollar.
How's that for the next four years?
I'll go 50 cents.
How's that?
Write a check right now.
50 cents.
You take 50 cents.
50 cents.
I'll be gone so fast.
You wouldn't know if it hit you right in the ass.
Then it says, get a real agent or lawyer since I started listening to you on WI-D-94.
You've been complaining about his ineptness.
I always thought it was part of your act.
I see now it is unfortunate reality.
And then, of course, he continues emailing me these sorry ass things about,
well, this one did this and this one said, you know,
something, I don't care what anybody did.
The fact that it matter is you're supposed to be the hot shot.
You're supposed to be the one that got Joyce straightened out
and put her feet to the fire and told her that if you start messing with it,
sure you're going to sue her ass.
It says, can you personally go after the cruel Gables individual for a restraint of trade?
Oh, we've already been down that road before.
That was already done years ago.
We were finished with this business.
And now all of a sudden, and it says, remember your new credo, collect the check.
Right.
No, that's not my new credo.
That's Berkeley in sales.
That's her credo.
Just collect the check.
Just cash the check.
Yeah, get some coffee you silly ass bitch.
That's the problem with this job is that nobody wants to do their job
and nobody there is willing to make them do their job.
The most, the biggest part of slackers I have ever worked with in my life.
I mean, I worked over the years with some real losers, man,
and some real lazy ass batches who just were faking their way through life.
But we stand out in that category, man.
We may not be one number one in the ratings anymore, but we're number one in that.
And in difference, we just refuse to give a crap.
Just cash that check.
Hey, Berkeley, go out and sell a new client.
Okay, for once in a year.
How's that peachy doing coming by the way she had coming on the year?
Remember that?
Yeah.
Yeah. They must have a local, the same guy with a big, bright smile on his face,
who's popping him Zantak 150s.
These people talk a good game.
You know, something it doesn't, it no money out of my pocket.
But the fact that they actually have somebody on here who wants to do a job for the client,
who actually has a little, just a little bit of a conscience.
I can't have much because I work for these people.
But just a tiny little bit of a conscience, they don't understand that.
It's not in their vocabulary.
It is absolutely unbelievable to them.
They can't relate.
Berkeley, PS, I sent you the facts about being bleeped before.
I wasn't trying to stir up crap, but they also used the EBS signal to bleep how it's stirring.
Now they weren't in his waiting days.
Did they really?
I don't believe that.
Let me say it again.
The Howard Stirr experiment was absolutely unacceptable.
It was unnecessary and totally un-possible, un-possible to succeed.
I could have told them that they didn't need a consult, they didn't need a rocket scientist.
I told them that for free.
No extra charge.
Free.
It's going to blow up in your face, it's going to be an disaster.
And the fact that they have the show on here in Fort Myers,
and they're putting Howard farting away over there,
and the reason for that is because there's one individual who doesn't live in Fort Myers.
He lives in Dave County.
And that's the reason that we all have to like or go through this crap.
And if there's anybody who wants to keep that a secret, guess what?
I'll come down, I'll bring, I'll buy billboards to put it out.
How do you like that?
So that the public knows exactly who's sticking it to them.
And why they can't hear what they want to hear and read what they want to read and see what they want to see,
and a kind of garbage that goes on in the USA.
Thank God for Canada, baby.
It's all I can tell you.
And it's ain't no picnic, it's ain't no paradise.
They got their few, you know, calorie type redneck Yahoo mugwumps, but they're outnumbered.
12.56 if I'm not getting a little bit worked up here, all a little bit.
Not good.
Stress kills, baby.
For diabetic stress kills, lawsuit.
Big fat multi-billion dollar lawsuit.
You better get yourself some new clothes joists, instead of that burlap sack that Norma tells me where.
Oh yeah, he's since used a real piece of work.
And when you shop for quality footwear, great selection, professional service.
You know by now I'm talking about our good pizons at Brandy shoes and pompato beach.
They've been doing it right by you and your feet for years and years.
At Brandy's, the sales holes make sure you get a perfect fit every time I give you a friendly professional service.
They have unbeatable prices every week.
And at Brandy's you'll find top quality names like Spirit, Timberland, RockPorts, SAS, Floreshime,
and all the other top names in the shoe business.
You can't beat them with a stick.
Brandy's is open every day of the week for your shopping convenience too.
Saturday, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m., Sunday, Sunday, 5 a.m.
and you'll find Brandy's at 12, 90 North Federal Highway and Popato Beach.
It's always worth the trip no matter where you're hanging it out.
And right now this week is a great time to buy Floreshime at Brandy's.
Take 20% off on all great men's styles.
So be sure to come into Brandy's this week or do your shopping online if you like at Brandy's shoes.com.
You are the center meeting the golden meal Roger.
It's collosively on 5.60.
It's the world of the two hour.
We're all participating with May-owned guns, but they're strictly for hunting.
Thank God we don't get to shot.
We only have a good time in a whole lot of tap to know what's such a boy from Spity said.
We don't have any of those West Coast wars.
We'd rather drink a course.
We'd rather make love than shoot you kill.
Nobody ever tried to put a Kevin V. Hill.
We kiss our cousins but follow along.
They said they became a draw.
We're not the kind of bull who live our lives even better.
It's where it is.
We're all participating with May-owned guns, but they're strictly for hunting.
They may be heaven's we don't be shot.
See American Wave maybe 102 or 5.60 WDQM.
A lot of shooting up, including sound photos over the weekend.
A lot of people getting there.
They're pet up frustrations out of the way, right?
Right.
Probably in time for St. Paddy's Day.
When everybody gets drawn, they'll be around.
They're putting everybody up.
What is sure as loud in it?
That's right.
Good.
House majority leader Tom Delay traveled to Britain with his wife,
several lads and lobbyists, on a $70,000 junk had mostly paid for,
with money from an Indian tribe and a gambling services company
that Washington Post reported Saturday.
Not long after the outing, represented Delay,
the second most powerful Republican in the House representatives,
played a key role in killing gaming-related legislation
opposed by the company in tribe.
Must a dismini-coincidence, don't you think?
Of course.
Delay reported in House Financial Disclosure
that the week long May-2000 trip was paid for
by the National Center for Public Policy Research,
a nonprofit organization.
However, the post reported, lobbyist Jack Abramoff suggested
the trip and arranged for two of his clients,
the Mississippi band of Choctaw Indians and E. Lottery Inc.,
to send checks to the center to cover the cost of the travel.
A lawyer for the tribe and E. Lottery officials said they were unaware
of the checks were meant to pay for the Delay trip,
which included golf at Scotland's legendary St. Andrew's Court.
All right.
Nice going, Tom.
Maybe you go, boy.
Speaking of Indians, I guess I didn't, I'm not going to bother with that.
That's true about the Indians.
What was it?
The Seminole?
What about it?
Where's that story?
Is that on today?
Josh?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It was over the weekend, I guess.
Hey, listen, wherever you find the Indians man,
you find some strange stuff going on.
That's right.
Just like all those ads they paid for back in November.
Oh, those slavishes are going to be the death of us all.
All right.
Unless we get them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And they've arrived in singular wireless line.
I think my brains are becoming a little bit unscramble,
which is good because we only got 56 minutes to go.
Not that I'm counting you understand, say?
Right.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hey, what's going on, Neil?
Welcome to the hysteria central, sir.
Oh, my goodness.
I got to tell you, Madam Seniors, I think it about this.
And you know, this goes back to the first time they started to do this.
It was a conduit thing, right?
Well, that wasn't the first time, but that was a big one, yeah.
Well, yeah, but that was a big, big incremental thing, okay?
And you kind of had to give in as that one, and you're not going to get your burden.
You're kind of in kind of half that, I mean, yeah, that was it.
Yeah, but you gave them that, and now look what they're doing.
They know they had an opening, and they're taking more or...
Well, just a minute.
When you say I gave them that, did I have an alternative?
Well, no, but you know, I think an old or younger...
Frankly, with a wimpie attorney like I got...
It's got nothing to do with younger or older.
I mean, you weren't involved in that meeting, man.
I mean, that was a dangerous capitulated.
Somebody threatened them, and they caved in like they always do.
These people got the balls of a fruit fly.
Yeah, they like to talk a good game, but when push comes to shove, man, they caved.
But if you would have stood up at that time, you might have been able to beat it.
Maybe you'd have lost a lot of...
You're not...
You're not...
You're right.
Yeah, right.
And I'm not here to soup fly, but I'm the superior.
I'm sure you would have written here a check here, but it's a month to keep me going to pay all my bills.
The same thing happened to me in hand radio.
The FCC came to my house.
They tell me that my subject matter was out of control.
They didn't want it, and they wanted me to stop it.
And it was a very secretive meeting from them.
And it was the same kind of a thing I had to cite.
I want to get out there and risk my livelihood to get thrown in jail, or exercise my freedom of speech.
And I exercise my right not to get thrown in jail, and I shut the hell up.
It's too bad that we have to do that.
Oh, so in other words, you caved in.
I did. I absolutely did.
Well, it's not for me to be lecturing me that I shouldn't have caved in, that I should have stood up for my rights.
You've got more money than we live on. I've got a white car.
Oh, I see.
In other words, I should cut my ink and I should cut my ink.
Okay, good luck to pal.
Look for your check in the mail next week.
Give me the address.
Okay.
56670560, pound 560.
Everybody else has really got big balls in your shoes.
You know, in their own shoes, they got like a search party, you know.
They're old smoothies.
But when they're in your shoes, well, a guy like you in your position, and again, when you've got a normal can't, who just lives up to her name all the time.
Oh, this is all taking care of, and this is all about a beep, but it talks a good game.
And then all of a sudden, it just blows up in your face all over again.
And I'm going to tell you something.
I don't think it will ever get all taken care of.
Now, that's my personal belief, right?
And that's one of the cancers of being on radio in that market.
It's just, it's impossible.
That's our look.
Other people work in markets.
They do their show.
They can, I mean, granted.
They got the new FCC restrictions.
But they don't have somebody who's out to destroy them, to tell them air, to control everything they can say and do.
And that's what we've got.
We've got the community sensor.
And Norma, I'm telling you, once upon a time, you did a fine job as many years ago.
But lately, it's like, uh, but a beep, but a beep, but a bop, but I'm going to do this.
And I'm going to, and it doesn't happen.
And I keep hearing the same crap month after month after month, it doesn't happen.
But up until today, it didn't have any impact on me or the show directly.
I mean, indirectly, yes, but not directly.
But today it does.
And today is the last day that I'm going to operate under these circumstances.
There is absolutely no way that this crap that's going on today is going to happen again tomorrow or wherever again.
I won't do it.
So slap in all of our face.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, a couple things.
Are you still going to be allowed to push to gate gotten and run?
Yeah, right.
Okay.
I'm a gay button.
Look at the mirror, sweetheart.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, do you?
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
I want to know why I do for nothing like congresspeople, waste waste.
Our time and our money making all these stupid, uh, people, players admitted to the user,
when they have the gracious, they care about that.
They call them up and ask them, okay, call up your congresspeople, blast them by their waste and your money.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Mind you.
It sounds just like you.
You know, I don't know, you've been watching this interview with Ashley Smith, the girl that
was, uh, I saw it and it's enough to make me puke my guts out, yes.
I was tired of it.
I was tired of it two days ago, yeah.
Do you really believe that story?
I don't know.
It sounds to me like she made the whole thing up.
You probably did that.
I don't know what I don't care.
I don't really care.
Well, you know what?
She made, she made fantastic pancakes, man.
Don't be so nervous.
Boy, you better write a book about it and probably get a 60 grand book.
Yeah, we work.
60 grand, she's going to make millions off of this.
Well, she's going to make a book no matter what.
Right.
But my question is, does it have a tony that she probably knew the guy and then they all
had this whole thing set up so that you could just act like that?
Yeah, they had the whole thing set up that he was going to, he was going to grab the gun
and cord.
It was a really good.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
You probably don't even get away cards over a really long time.
High that guy right away for sales manager or corporate attorney or both.
Yeah, it's really, there are no words to describe the experience that we're living through.
I was going to say surviving.
I'm not so sure anymore.
There are no words to describe it.
I mean, the idea that you're looking for somebody to get people to do their job and the person responds by saying,
oh, well, I don't want to be talked about all week long.
I'm not going to talk to him anymore.
That's just an excuse.
That's nothing to do with personnel.
He's, it has to do with, and you wouldn't be talked about if you got them to do something.
But you're not.
And happening.
Not cutting it, Curtis.
Ain't getting it done, baby.
That's our salesman, girl, man.
He's very, another one that's very uptight.
He's talking about me.
Well, get something done.
I'll talk about you good.
I'll say, hey, that Curtis man.
He's really doing a job.
So, one thing about me, I tell them the way I see it.
Okay?
I call them the ways I see them.
Yeah?
See this?
Yeah, see this.
WQI and H.
H.
H.
Lovely to know we're communicating.
Yeah.
I bet you that got dumped.
Somebody can wave.
Hello.
That was something dirty in this one, you'll answer it.
Yes, the more it's called.
I think counting the minutes of this would happen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know this would have a view.
You brought this on yourself.
Yeah.
Why is that, sir?
Well, I mean, you know, when you started spewing the hate and the gainus.
Oh, that's him again.
Oh, geez.
The gainus.
Hey, Reverend Joe, listen.
It's not too late.
You'd come out of the class at all, although quite frankly, who'd hell would want it?
Get a life.
5.670560.
He's right in there with Chris Bush, you know what?
Let's put him on some of the promos.
That's what they have.
Some of those homo promos.
WQI am, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Going back to the historic.
You know, most of these guys who's doing all this killing, they were run, real bad guys, real
big drinkers.
You know what, son, they found the Lord.
And then they started reading the Bible for 20 hours a day.
Right.
Well, when I went to the factory back home, we had a guy like that and he gave one more
thing wrong.
It was really his fault.
And he went in the grievance here.
And when they told him he wasn't going to have a job anymore, he said, thank you Lord, John,
you're the greeners.
You can leave the other side because I'm going to shoot everybody in here.
And he shot that people killed two and did it.
And then he ran just church.
There you go.
I think he's up there right now with the same Peter, man.
You know, you want to do it with preacher, that he was sorry.
They're probably laughing her ass off up there now with the perligates.
Yeah, all these are all these Board of Infonies, man.
She read him the Bible.
I mean, what a typical Southern story.
You know, what a great story.
She read the Bible, made him pancakes with real butter.
They talked about God and the good book.
The moral of the story is if she'd used margarine, she would have been killed.
That's right.
What's that song about?
Two fly pie, short and short and mandolin.
That's what I thought.
That's what I thought.
That kind of leaves us on now.
That's going to get dumped.
A short and bred, that's it.
From a little baby.
Yeah, short and short.
Don't be singing that now.
It's got overtown tones.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQA.
And the main man, Anthony Kelly into what acceptance capital mortgage knows
is that paying off your credit cards, lowering your debt, cutting your mortgage payments,
pulling out cash investing in real estate, art at top of your list.
Florida is one of the hottest real estate markets in the US.
So it just does make any sense at all to keep so much money tied up in your house or pay high interest rates.
The main man this year is partnering with kids in distress, helping abuse the neglected children and sound photo for 25 years.
This year's staff is donating a portion of their commission on every closed loan for this worthwhile cause,
with six kids of his own, the main man knows how important being a parent is.
So call the main man, Anthony Kelly and no toll free, one, tripe a eight 4-8-3 loan.
Be sure and tell them that Berkeley, Florida, to call 1-888-4-8-3 loan or go to the main man.com and through your application out there.
No matter what your situation, you'll find a way solution and get the deal done.
Forget about calling anybody else in a mortgage business called the main man, Anthony Kelly into at 1-888-4-8-3 loan.
That's 1-888-4-8-3 loan.
You're listening to me or Roger.
The rest of you are going to pay for 60 years.
You A.M.
You're all the way over here, you better use your strength.
No video falls together until your friend, don't use the fantasy now.
Stop the business or that.
They take the subject by the assaulting the facts you've been addicted to anymore.
Tell us you can't say that.
If you're watching the movie, you're watching the movie.
Where we come again, all the Christians, they want you to say, I'll be able to make a living.
No one's the president now.
You can't stop the fight, I'll slide the fight back from my back.
You're in a position you want to die.
You can't say that.
You're so good, don't you?
They're making a scene.
With red rings in the North of Seoul, the F2C.
We find you a dead, and make your life a grave.
Or, if I throw away no computer, where'd you go?
Or, if I could have my radio, no computer, this story, the Shutter's digital now.
I'm telling you, no, no, no, no.
It's just for white house, where'd the Eocon Hacks?
You think it's going to be one?
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
We can't say f***ing squat, okay, but do it, it might be fun.
118 to 560 WDQAM.
I'll tell you one thing, all these years I've never worked on a radio station where the so-called corporate attorney
was the one who was basically kind of like running the day-to-day affairs of the radio station.
You don't understand?
You know, you're right.
Yeah, I never heard such a thing.
And she's instructing, duff to do this, and clearance to do that, and we're going to do this on the Eelshore.
And she's running it.
Where's your boyfriend in all of this?
Where's Mr. I need a haircut with the Brooks Brothers expensive suit on?
Where's he in the middle of all this?
Or are you talking to me?
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
As you've got a close personal buddy.
I haven't seen him.
No.
But you said he was back.
Right, they were paging him over the intercom.
Were they really?
They were, they really were.
What would they call him for the paper tiger?
Israel is drawn off secret plans for a combined air and ground attack on targets in Iran.
If diplomacy fails to halt the Iranian nuclear program, the intercom and aerial shiron,
the Israeli Prime Minister gave initial authorization for an attack at a private meeting last month on his rash in the Negadezad.
Israeli forces have used a mock-up of Iran's Nathans-Uranim enrichment plant in the desert to practice destroying it.
The Texas conflut, raised by Israel's elite Shaldog, Commander Unit, and air strikes by F-15 jets from 69 Squadron
using bumper-busting bombs to penetrate underground facilities.
The plans have also been discussed with American officials who said to have indicated provisionally that they would not stand in Israel's way if all international efforts to halt Iranian nuclear projects failed.
Well, they did in Iraq and everyone worked out pretty good.
And why not in Iran?
And that's one time we might actually say, hey, you go boys.
Goys, a boy's.
Right?
You go.
You go.
And go, come back.
56670560, Palm 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line. We're doing a little mock pull.
I realize it's only a little bit too soon.
But they're talking about it, baby.
And I'd rather talk about this than about this Atlanta crap, this born-again buttermilk pancake thing.
God.
On and on and on.
It goes and where it stops.
And nobody knows.
I wonder if they're using like anceomama maple syrup on them pancakes.
Because it's real butter, you know.
Is it?
Real butter.
It's butter worth.
I don't know.
How much is it worth?
917 votes.
If Hillary and Condoleezor were to candidates in 2008, before you blew your brains out, who would you vote for?
Hillary, 535.
I leave the country 208.
Condoleezor 107at is scary.
Oh, she is scary.
And that number is scary.
In this audience, especially, 107.
And wouldn't vote at all 67.
You got enough sense to just stay the hell away.
Condoleezor, man, oh, man, what a thought.
He sure is pleasant though, you know.
Okay.
I got to realize this position.
WQA M Hello.
Maybe we could make Joyce the president.
Get her off our ass anyway.
WQA M Hello.
Any of it afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
All right.
Listen, before they start jumping on you, they need to worry about power 96 and they drop M.S.
5.5 noon.
Really?
Like 2 or 3 times in a son.
Nice.
Why are they all uptight for you dropping somebody's name on the radio?
Because, you know, Joyce is a jackass.
But why is there such a double standard there?
Yes, them.
Don't ask me.
You know, I'm going to be out there tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock with a big incident and a buttermilk biscuits and butter and everything in fact you're out there.
Absolutely.
Don't forget your butter.
Real buttermilk.
Come join me, please.
Okay.
He's picking in your fat ugly ass, Joyce.
How do you like that?
With real pancakes and real cream, we're butter.
Mmm.
That's a real.
Sounds good to me, especially with some poison very sauce on it for Joyce.
Still rather have lopples.
Or you can go to eye hop and puke your guts out there.
I mean, have a real great breakfast.
5.6705.60.
Pound 5.60 on a horizon in singular horizon.
We got only 38 minutes to go.
I think we can make it.
And I don't know.
I'm not positive, but I think.
I am ill and, you know.
Mmm hmm.
This has been too much stress for an old diabetic bag like me.
Way too much.
Honestly, it's just the...
Exceptable.
There's no reason for it.
And you heard...
If the audience could have heard the way that that went down, I mean, it's just mind-blowing.
The two of them in unison, like a teen, they come running in there.
Of course, they're always joined if they hit those two.
Oh, and we're going to be a mother when you show first CC violations and Joyce,
like just before I'm going on a year.
And I'm thinking, what are you two crazy bastards talking about?
Isn't that what you're kind of thinking?
What is this all about?
What kind of...
I mean, who just crawled up inside your body and just started to turn on the switch?
The switch.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Okay, listen.
What I understand is you being the main guy in that station.
The morning.
They voluntarily subjected to two different FTCs.
The government, and then that's the...
As corporate.
Yeah.
And I just don't understand it.
I can't...
Well, see, that happens.
That's...
This means, you know, we can belly ache about the FCC all we want.
And legitimately so.
But the fact that this woman who is not a broadcaster by any stretch of the imagination
is allowed by the company to make up the restrictive words and phrases and sounds every day,
this speaks volumes about their lack of ability to be real broadcasters.
These people are airzots, men, and make believe.
These aren't real broadcasters.
So because I don't think you would...
You sign any paper that has her...
You know, they got to follow what she said.
I mean, I understand the FCC, but not her, you know?
Right.
And I don't know if...
She's way over...
She's way out of line and over the line in her behavior this morning in what she did to me in this show.
She ought to have her ass fired right now.
Yeah.
And after the company's arrived for president, this country is still so racist.
I was on a business trip, I was in Texas.
And the only time I stopped lacking weight together was on a couch.
There you go.
Okay.
All right.
Don't forget that's where they get their real butter from.
Yeah.
Good on you.
Yeah, churns.
That's what else you'd have ordered in Cal State.
Or was that Oprah?
I'm not sure.
Hard to tell, my part.
5670560.
Yeah, if you think that the folks in the deep South are going to vote for a black...
I mean, black candidate period, but a black woman.
Oh.
Now, we'll say this.
I think that Hillary and Barack Obama...
What kind of a ticket would that be, huh?
Would that be an ass kicker or what?
Yeah, but...
Uh, no.
No, why not?
Because she's on it.
No, but I'm saying if she were to be the candidate.
Yeah.
Hillary and Barack Obama.
Because then that would counteract the effect of any dark force of my go out and vote for
Connaleezza.
It is on a racial fancy.
I think anyone could win opposite Connaleezza.
Yeah, she's bad news.
She's a real piece of turd.
That's Dr. Rice.
Dr. Rice.
Connaleezza.
Connaleezza.
I would've played the version of one of me, Lousy Speaker II.
I know that doesn't start people from becoming president, but...
Oh, can you imagine those debates?
Hillary would chew her up her breakfast like buttermilk pancakes with margarine.
Oh, God.
She wouldn't even need the real butter.
She would chew her up and spit her ass out.
She would chew her up and spit her ass out.
She would chew her up and spit her ass out.
Coming up tonight, an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
She tried very hard to be important.
She really did.
Isn't that just so sweet?
She was Suzanne Vega.
My name is Booga.
I live on a second tour.
Yeah, Luca was a song about a boy with abusive parents.
My mission was to only write music about socially relevant subjects.
Hello, Red Flag, career killer.
Suzanne Vega's manager, Slavy Gold.
The next time you heard from Suzanne Vega, she was as innocuous as Goodby.
God, love her.
Slavy drew up a new contract for Suzanne,
the terms of which dictated that she could now only communicate in monosolabic nonsense words.
Hey, Suzanne. How are you doing?
Well, actually, the current political climate in this country.
What did we talk about?
Yeah, that's bad.
That's very good.
That's very good.
Maybe just something to the environment.
No, no, no, no, sorry.
It's in the contract, honey.
Come on, keep talking.
That's the way you like it.
That's the way you like it.
Yeah.
That's the way you like it.
This is her Vega.
For a few minutes, she has something on her mind.
Honestly, isn't that just darling?
It's a big juicy, something that look at Chopin's neck tonight, uninside the behind.
I want anyone I think she hit her thumb on her, you know what?
A secret FBI report is cast out on Alcatas Ability to stage another spectacular attack in the US
three and a half years after the 9-11 hijacking senior after the mid-year bombings that had worse only other majors struck in the vest.
While the desire of the Alcatal leadership to attack the US is not a question of reports said their capability to do so is unclear, especially in regard to spectacular operations.
Contrary to statements by prosecutors in the FBI's own chief Robert Mueller, the February report obtained last week by ABC News says the agency knows of no Alcatas sleeper agents in the US.
The leak report emphasizes it's not only Britain, which is having difficulty measuring the potential threat from international terrorism.
Recently, President George W. said Osama Yamama had contacted Abu and Moussa Balsar Kaui, Alcatas chief associate in Iraq to seek his self-intending attacks on the US.
Keep him scared, baby.
Keep him in the state of panic.
Oh my God.
Just like Michael Moore said.
By the way, speaking of Michael Moore, WMV weapons of mass deception.
Remember that?
Right.
Documentary?
Now it's out, I guess.
I guess I'm going to have to go look for it today.
After I soak my head for an hour.
What?
Put an ice pack on there.
No, you don't seem to understand.
This was, well, maybe you do.
This was mentally debilitating to me.
This whole thing and the way it was done was even worse than the actual act itself.
I mean, anybody who's been in this business more than five minutes knows you cannot do something like what they did to me that you cannot do it.
Even a disjockey, even somebody who's just been in records and given the time and temp, you don't do it to somebody in this business in the manner where this was done and the timing which it was done.
Which makes me really wonder if it's real suspicious to me.
Now let me say it again.
If you want me to fly away, all you got to do is write a check and make sure it's good.
Get that Greg's squiggle on it.
Make sure it doesn't debounce.
That's all.
The happiest day of my life.
If you know it's factors and everybody else out there who was saying that you're right, I'm wrong.
I screwed up. I should never, ever.
Especially after what they put me through in mad dog and Hank, after what we went through, we signed with this bunch of Ray Robbing lunatics.
This isn't a business. This is monkey business. These are crazy people.
These are absolute Ray Robbers. They don't care about us. We're garbage.
We're just a necessary means to an end. That's all necessary evil.
Especially you, by the way.
Oh, no, extra evil.
WMD Weapons of Mass Disception by Danny Schechter, which is supposed to be a great documentary.
And I noticed it's on Amazon.com.
And it says the film is scheduled to come out on DVD and March to coincide with the second anniversary of the day of Iraq and, uh, Yadi Yadi.
It's supposed to be pretty damn good.
I'm going to go out and see if I can find it.
I just, I just had saved that thing there.
And I just, you know, just, you know, just asking.
I mean, I rather watch that since he's 54 again.
Or casino.
Yeah, seriously, I'm not joking about this.
Volca Brian and Joe Pesci are the same person.
He only uses that to the wig that silly ass wig. That's his disguise.
If you want to, you know what else he takes it off. That's, uh, that's Volca Brian when he puts it on.
It's Joe Pesci.
Now we can play some of those Joe Pesci bits by the way, but I have a feeling they might get.
Exercise and then have to exercise. Yeah. Yeah. Don't do it.
49 votes on it. We might crack a thousand, but I really don't care.
I mean, I could have pushed for that. We could have easily gone over a thousand.
But do we care today, Josh? Sure. No.
No, wrong answer. No, we don't.
Case to rassurra. If Hillary, I'm not going to read the result.
It's over. Well, it's a landslide in this crowd.
All the kind of leases got 115 votes.
We need to find those people track them down just like we needed to happen and date County on election day last Tuesday.
That's what needed to happen. All you Julio's, uh, there you screwed up.
You were supposed to go find a puppy and, uh, Abuela and Mamacita and then lock them in the broom closet.
Lock them in the room where they keep that little box with a used toilet paper and not let them vote.
Wait till like 705 in the PM just to make sure it was safe. And then you could let them out. Maybe.
Right? They didn't do it. The 70 QAM. Hello.
Hi, I'm on the air on that, uh, vote for, uh, Hillary or, um, Condolega.
Yeah. What about? Well, uh, why not vote for Condolega? If you're going to stick a gun in your mouth.
Well, what does that mean? I don't know.
Um, okay. Well, maybe we'll tell Neil as he made that comment. It'll probably be too upset here at the WQ way.
I'm Hello. Is Neil there speaking?
Neil. Yes. Hi, this is Susie from Lake Worth. Hi, Susie from Lake Worth.
I'm your biggest fan ever. Right. Right.
And I don't know what you're talking about right now. Well, I agree with you on Ashley.
Yeah, she's on again right now, by the way.
I think I'm glad we didn't. I think I'm glad I heard the agent that he heard enough is enough already.
Right? I don't even want her pancakes. Well, I have a great day, Susie.
Okay. Okay. Don't be call us again. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and leave arrives in singular rightless line.
I'd rather hear from Chris Bush to be honest with him.
How many QAM? Hello.
How many QAM? Hello. QAM?
Well, these are good. They're no question about it. These are special.
These are the meat and potatoes. The bread and butter, the pertankakes and the pertankakes and potatoes.
Somebody QAM. Hello. 5 6 7.
Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on?
I like the way you've chopped that off. That was good. Yeah, right.
Hey, Neil. I can't wait till they have Michael Jackson on.
You know, you know, they're going to put them on the stand or is he not going to be on the stand?
If they're smart, they won't put them on there because every time he's testified like that lawsuit about the rights to the music or whatever.
Every lawsuit he's ever had where he testified, he was an absolute disaster.
Oh, okay. Because I already figured they're going to put them on. You know, he's going to say something like that's England and duty.
He's.
And that was good. Yeah.
Britain. He's making fun of Michael Jackson. Look at a marriage mug.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and of course, if he did get up on a witness stand talking about milk and cookies and cookies and milk.
You're right.
Especially after milk confused with the Jesus to you know, it's just like what's your name there? Ashley?
Come on, Ashley. Speak up. Speak up.
Yeah. Can you ask me what I thought he should do?
Yeah. And I said, I think just turn yourself inside out.
We'll be good. Put the gun in your mouth.
I just said maybe he was called like about 30 seconds too soon.
About 30 minutes. He must have been psychic. No, what you was going to say. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello?
I know. Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I just wanted to tell you I've only heard this in pieces of the show today because I've been working but I am so upset what they're doing to you.
I've been listening to you since data and I'm 34 years old and somehow I'm not robbing since shooting people and beating up old ladies and doing all these horrible things for being a fan of yours.
And for people to try to restrict you, it's bothering the crap out of me.
There's nothing I can say, nothing I can do and it's horrible.
Well, let's business that they pull today. This is the end. I mean, this is where I draw the line. If they want to continue with this thing, get somebody else.
Yeah, but it's so sad that all these people, you know, I'm not a chronic, you know, you've just been a part of my life for all these years and it's just tragic that you've never heard anybody.
You've only helped people and they're doing this to you and it's just terrible.
Well, they're not broadcasters. There are a bunch of spineless cowards and of course when people are lost and they don't know what they're doing, that's when they panic and they start overreacting and that's that's the choice.
She's in so far over her head she's drowning.
If I ever see her on a serial hitter with a skillet over her head or something.
A skillet with me, especially the one you used to make those pancakes with.
Yes, yes. This is on the other side of the cake.
Thanks. Have a good day.
I love you. See you. Thanks.
Bye bye.
She's telling me I guess she's telling my faith and what I really believed in.
I started all this child God.
There you go. Child of God.
That'll do it every time, baby.
You're the same to me. You're the real God.
Stay some stamps for nothing.
That's beautiful.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
You're the same to me.
Bring me the glory of ye mighty God.
The glory of ye mighty alone
The glory of ye mighty alone
Your parents made you the strikes.
May you be the Blood Potter for the whole world.
Cleared up to you again.
This 14.02 we got Mohawar David and Mad Dog at 4.
Goliath 7, we had a pile of guys in advance for that.
And any K-10, look out for Eddie, he could be dangerous.
A radical Egyptian character known as Abu Omar was walking to Amalan mosque for noon
prayers, February of 2003, when he was grabbed on the sidewalk by two men, spreading the
face with chemicals and stuff into a van.
He hasn't been seen since.
Oh my God.
Milan investigators now appear to be close to identifying his kidnappers.
Last month, official showed up at Aviano Air Base in northern Italy and demanded records
of any American planes that are flown into or out of the joint US Italian military installation
around the time of the abduction.
They also asked for laws of the vehicles that had entered the base.
The Italian authorities suspect the Egyptian was the target of a CIA-sponsored operation,
known as rendition, in which terrorism suspects are forcibly taken for interrogation to
countries where torture is practiced.
The Italian probe is one of three official investigations that have surfaced in the past
year into renditions believed to have taken place in Western Europe.
Although the CIA usually carries out operations with the help of blessing a friendly local intelligence
agency's law enforcement authorities in Italy, German and Sweden are examining whether
US agents may have broken local laws by detaining terrorist suspects on European soil and
subjecting them to abuse or maltreatment.
But it would be something if Joyce got like picked up on the street by the CIA.
Yeah, I'd be something.
And disappeared for a long time.
Wouldn't their lives improve dramatically on that?
Yeah.
All of us.
Life would be sweet.
Nothing could be fine if the loser asked in Carolina on the way back to Maryland, wherever
she came from.
Bitch.
986 votes on the Congolese and Hillary race.
Hillary's kicking her ass, man.
She's doing it.
Like I said, at least that's a guarantee of the first bull-dike president either way.
What?
They go either way.
Well, although Hillary's got a husband, you know, he could be VP, I think.
Yeah.
The Homeland Security Department's former independent watchdog says he was twice summoned
to then-Secretary Tom Ridges or of his last year and asked why his reports criticizing
the agency were being sent to Congress and whether they could be presented more favorably
to the department.
Ridge was trying to get me not to give things to Congress and also to try to spin reports
in a way most favorable to the department.
And I resisted both of those former Inspector General Clark Kent Irvin said in an interview.
That's his name.
Clark Kent Irvin.
I wonder if he took the glasses off during the interview.
In a statement, Ridges said, I didn't always agree with the tactics and interpretations,
conclusion to recommendation of the Inspector General.
At no time, however, did I ever ask him to suppress it with a whole day specific report.
Irvin statements are untrue and deserve no further comments said, Ridge, who left the Secretary
last month.
The AP approached Irvin about his meetings with Ridge after the dates turned up on Ridge's
daily appointment counters, which the AP obtained last month of the Freedom of Information Act.
The AP first requested the counters of December 2003 that the department finally released
him last month, three days after Ridge left office.
When it would be more safe.
And the story about washing your hands if that wasn't powerful enough to really get you
to run and scrub.
Wait till you hear this.
I'm telling you the stuff that they put out there.
It's like a self-fulfilling prophecy.
When you treat people like morons, like imbosols, like little children, guess what?
They behave like morons and imbosols and little children.
It's a dumbing down effect, man.
Look at this station, for example.
God, over the years, studies have come out casting some negative light on certain foods.
But Dr. Sean Kniff from the CBS affiliate Miami W.F.O.R.R. TV.
So that should take a run off the bed.
Forget about it.
Says before you cut them from your diet, consider their good qualities as well.
Consumed in moderation, they can be good for you.
Eggs.
We all know that eggs are high in cholesterol.
In fact, the single egg has 213 milligrams of cholesterol, and then which is about two-thirds
of your recommended daily level.
But what you may not know is that newer studies indicate that contain a substance, substance,
that in lab animals block the absorption of cholesterol into your bloodstream.
The key is not to prepare them in too much butter.
Save the butter for Ashley.
So if you can blot it those pancakes, when the next criminal comes knock it on her door.
Wist me like better?
The pancakes with butter or the Bible and the God.
That's a good question.
I think it was the same pancakes that did it.
You might consider avoiding fried eggs instead of opting for scrambled hard boiled or poached
eggs.
Oh, there's nothing worse than poached.
Salt.
For years, salt has been linked to high blood pressure and heart disease.
But recent research indicates the link may not be as solid as rock solid as one's thought.
The American Heart Association recommends that it'll consume more than six rams of
salt a day.
So it's okay to sprinkle some salt a day.
This is such crap, man.
All the salt that they already put into your food don't even think about that shaker
robot.
Even the shakers won't use it.
Especially like it's canned food.
Even a quaker's and shakers won't use it.
Potatoes.
The key is with eggs is the potatoes that aren't fried and saturated or as well guess
what?
They're pure carbohydrates.
They suck their bad for you.
Only the potato skin is what's good for you.
And 99% of people don't eat the skin.
Don't say it.
I'm not saying nothing.
Bad.
How do you're not?
I'm thinking it though.
Can you feel it?
Peanut butter may contain lots of fat, but not all fats are bad for you.
Peanut butter has mono-1 saturated, which can reduce bad cholesterol.
The serving size for peanut butter is about two tablespoons.
And then try to talk.
Just put two tablespoons of peanut butter.
That's what Joyce is going to have me do every day before I do the show.
See what further impediment she can throw in my roadblocks.
Put two tablespoons of peanut butter in your mouth.
And look, look, look, look, look.
How's that sound?
Red meat.
Beef is about 20 times leaner than it was a decade ago.
So it doesn't have as much saturated fat as it used to.
The key when buying beef by lean cuts such as flank steak, cops your one and tender loin.
And there's nothing like tender loins.
Oh, can I say that?
That's great.
Now, last and definitely not least the best dark chocolate.
Oh, yeah.
Research has shown that dark chocolate is about a good, they've been peddling this for so long.
It's not only good for the heart, but can improve your blood flow.
Dark chocolate contains lots of flavonoids that may prevent these stiffening of blood vessels.
This, however, is not excuse to go out and eat a ton of dark chocolate, even moderation.
Not more than two, three pounds a day.
You're listening to me, little Rogers.
It's collusively unbiased 60s and AM.
It's day one in Miami town, but you're moving at 560 WQL.
Hi, hello.
What do you know?
What do you say?
I was joking around here.
The guy's no money, I'm the man.
I was trying to run.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
We didn't stop.
You ain't getting nothing out of that.
I'm not.
Are you crashing my car?
I can't hold on my window.
What?
Right now.
No.
I'm having a meantime.
I ain't got a showing.
I ain't got no chocolate.
I'm having a show.
I'm having a show.
That's so fast.
Howdy blow it out, Jerry.
It's not a checker.
You're getting...
No, don't mean...
That's crazy, you know.
What?
It's crazy, you know.
You're so crazy.
That's how I was just now.
I can't do that.
You're getting...
That's why I was on my way for this crazy.
It's real, you're a coward.
It's crazy.
It's crazy, that's why I hope you get...
I just want to know if you can loan me five dollars.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Can't turn me cold.
Now, you're just got so weight.
You know, my cash don't come being seen.
That's why I can't tolerate,
not suspecting from nothing.
No, not that young thing is back.
I ain't no chase man at this.
That's why I call out us being at that.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
I can't hear you in a car among the men.
You just might want out that car with a car on his hand.
I can hear you.
That's why I'm laughing.
And I can't hear you.
Howdy, howdy, howdy.
I can't hear you.
Don't, don't, don't.
Make it up.
Got more standing by, I hope you're along.
Anyway, here's the poor result.
We got a worth thousand votes.
Josh, of course, is very proud of that.
2007, howdy, howdy, howdy.
I told you.
It's almost like dying in Goa, in heaven, 2007.
If Hillary Clinton and Condoleezer ran for president in 2008,
who would you vote for?
What would you do?
What would you say?
Hillary 589, she just kicks Condoleezers ass.
But then again, that's this commie pinco crowd of ours.
I leave the country 225.
That's how overwhelmed with nausea they would be.
Condoleezer, 121.
That just makes me want a gag and puke.
I'm not sure who I despise more.
Condoleezer or Joyce, who is more anxious.
That's one of my favorite words, anxious.
Yeah, it's a good word.
And wooden vote, 72.
Rhymes with what you think.
Anyway, that's going to do it for today.
And of course, it's been a very pleasant Monday.
A wonderful way to start the week.
I'll be back tomorrow, unless, of course,
we, the Joyce and other corporate individuals decide they want
to continue this inquisition.
See, one thing about me, I don't participate in two things.
I don't do inspections.
I don't participate in acquisitions.
And quite frankly, if she wants to continue with her hard ass attitude,
she can, as somebody earlier said, more eloquently than I ever could,
she could blow it out her ass.
Bye, bye, bye!
