What's the hell do that mean today?
That's been speaking in the squad talk.
It's got.
It's serious.
Quite a crowdline started gathering announced 10,000 80's tree.
To see the best team in hockey?
Yeah.
And that means they were about like, I don't know, 4,500 was what I'm hearing.
Looked a little bit better than that cap scheme.
There could have been maybe 2,000 people there for the cap scheme.
I watched the second period of game on television.
They didn't show any crowd shots.
Oh, you can, well, that's because you don't put a games there.
But if you go to enough games, you can like get a glimmer of this part.
You know, there's no way.
In the second period, they didn't show the crowd.
And I'm wondering if that's by design.
Of course it's by design.
It's like the Marlon Telecast.
They were instructed.
The cameraman don't pan back and show any like wide shots of the crowd.
And there's like 15 number of people in there.
Of course.
You can't avoid the empty seats of those Marlon's game.
Every time a ball, a foul ball goes...
Well, they don't know how a foul ball.
There's a couple of foul balls involved in that organization.
Anyway, here's the facts from Pedro.
He's during the crossover this morning.
Why don't you ask the hammer why he gets dumped on the show so much?
It's getting as bad as Stern was.
And then I found out you're against the fight doctor.
He said a couple wouldn't know nowhere.
Yeah.
And now the worst thing would be to get P-Val for somebody else to open it up a bit.
Yeah.
So that's why they're dumping it.
You idiot Pedro get with it.
In addition, which Hank was none of the today show this morning with Matt and Katie with...
Oh, Stern's making a rounds now.
He's hooring all the media to promote his satellite radio thing.
Yeah.
He's been on every show imaginable.
I mean, it's...
Well, when you're even on Meet the Press, there's something wrong.
It's about 60 minutes.
Yeah, I know that.
Sorry, he was even on the food channel.
I didn't see that one.
Marlon's...
Marlon's in San Antonio officials meet this week.
That's what your buddy Barry says.
Yeah.
Oh man, we'll pack you a sandwich.
How about...
I just love these people are always threatening to leave.
Okay, see ya.
How about...
How about the story he's got about Wayne offering him 50 million and the 50 acres up there,
or you know, the 50 and he just said the land.
Right.
And he said, according to a source, that source had that story last week.
It has been repeating it every day since and that source is me.
And that little...
Well, I can't say it.
Joyce is a less hot rowing.
Basically, the word is plagiarism.
He's a story thief.
Yeah.
But he can't find an innum to give credit.
Of course not.
Because he's on the payroll and he can sell us the source.
He's got his head deep inside there.
Raccoon.
Something.
I like the source to find out what brought a jerk like that into the world.
Hey, don't knock mommy.
She's still brown bagging it for a very early on.
And drives him to work too is what I hear.
At any rate, Wayne's getting a little bit p.o. to say,
he's losing patience, it says here.
He's losing patience.
Where does it say that?
He's the anger who is believed to be losing patience hasn't said
whether he would expect to share the stadium profits.
In this thing about chipping in 50 million to where the construction and giving the free land.
No matter what you give them, it's not going to be enough.
So I just say, bye-bye, boy.
They don't have the money to build it.
They don't have any money to put in.
You know something, have you ever seen David, Samson and Jeff Garcia together?
They sound exactly the same to me.
Jeff Garcia?
Yeah.
Quarterback.
Yeah.
Did you ever hear that promo they play on the NFL channel?
No.
Anybody got any gum?
Nobody wants fresh breath.
You ever heard that?
How about the Jeffrey is back now and he says,
well, people keep coming up to him and telling them they don't blame him and he's doing the right thing.
I'm trying to find out who those people are and where they are.
I thought he's been in France.
Jeffrey, you mean Jeffrey Luria?
Yeah.
Oh, well what is he?
You can say one name but not the other one or is it the other guy you don't want to say?
Well, I just said.
Samson and Delilah.
Yeah.
Well, let's go.
I'm glad to see you butcher stuff and you actually say mentioning their names on the air.
That's a good sign.
Well, maybe it's not that good.
It's not that good.
It's not that good.
I think you try to match the Mad Dogs December schedule, huh?
Yeah, I could use a few days off.
He's off today by the way and tomorrow and we're on Thursday and let's see.
Not Friday.
So, yeah, Friday.
Thursday and Friday.
He's got a tough schedule.
Making off for all eight days of Hanukkah.
Yeah.
He's got a brutal schedule.
But I mean, I'm trying to find out who, I will say this, that most of the press down here has been given them a base on balls on this story.
Yeah.
It was surprised.
Yeah.
You mean like the press that's given the Panther Organization a free pass all these years?
Well, they've been dismantling the organization.
I mean, that came last night.
Not even much that much of it because it was a foregone conclusion.
Out of what cranked it up, whatever they needed to and then they got a 62-lead and they just toasted it in.
They could have been 15 to two.
Or 15 to two.
I just watched a second period.
They had 17 shots of five.
But I mean, all I have to do is talk whatever I felt like.
It was never any contest in that game.
It would be like watching a basketball game where the ball never got across the mid-bork.
And this business of well, they're losing all their games and so on.
Nobody's there.
Well, you know something, if that's the case, then the town can't, doesn't deserve the franchise.
There's no rationale for it except that one season.
I mean, how many years ago is that?
I'll read it.
It's got to be like eight years ago for Krona.
At least eight.
What was the year for that?
That big stand-up final?
Oh, yeah.
97, something like that.
Back in the Andrew Ashwood days.
Oh, Andrew Ashwood.
Got an interesting story about him and if I'm in the right mood one these days, I might tell it on the year.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Andrew Ashwood was?
Do we need to give you some mumbled juice?
I mean, what?
No, I'm not, you don't know the story?
Which one?
Oh, I'm not going to tell.
I'm not going to lead me there, okay?
You got me now.
No, no.
No.
Has to do with Norma Kent.
Oh, I don't know that story.
Well, okay, I'll tell you some.
They off the year.
Okay.
We're in the first break.
I'll be here.
I think George knows this story.
Yeah.
We have to go now.
That story.
Why no band leader?
Oh, I think it's a big red visit to be on this station.
This is just a bundle of laughs.
It's a panic.
Every day is a big hit.
Yeah.
I got a fax here from Ken from the Tobico, which is right right up the road here, but
Toronto.
I don't, hey, Ken, just what?
The way PYM is on the internet now.
It's not on the year.
So it doesn't count on our poise.
Little pushy.
Just calm down, Ken.
Have a nice day.
Up in the Tobico.
Now, it's no longer around here.
The sun is shining.
There's not a bit of snow.
He's not one flake.
And in Buffalo, we got a foot today.
He's getting a foot.
Boy, you should see this building.
He's got a few flakes.
Yeah, I'm sure of that.
Oh, it's thinking of that.
There's this bread.
Oh, this sales department, man.
When you think they can't get any lower, they find a new level.
They find a new depth.
This guy, did you hear the storm?
Sure he did.
The beast told you about Breast performance at the Bernie Koso State House.
Yeah, beast in Tali.
Yeah, he did that.
Well, I got a lot of stuff to do after we get back.
This black ass, this new sale.
In fact, at the end of my show yesterday, at two o'clock, I heard you were saying, you're still
there.
So the only bread wants to talk to you.
So it comes into it to announce very proudly that he got added like ten words to the
copy for the one account that he inherited when Adam left.
So that's his claim to fame.
I said, well, okay, that's great.
But go sell something would be a good idea.
You know, like I'm going to pat him on the head.
So he shows up at Bernie Koso.
At the terrestrial, the state house.
And nobody has any idea who he is.
He doesn't belong there.
It's not his account.
And he sits down orders the biggest primary.
They got he wants the shrimp cocktail.
He wants everything on the menu.
And the beast says, well, this isn't really right.
Or somebody said to him, you know, he says, hey, I'm from New York.
This is the way we do things up there.
Okay, I'm part of the station.
I'm going to get whatever I can.
How do you like that?
Another obnoxious New Yorker just, hey, Brett, you're not fooling anybody.
You're another blowhard.
The basically shaking your head in agreement.
Yeah.
Where would they find these people?
They have loser written all over their forehead.
It's like him blazing down their forehead loser.
And that is doing the hiring.
Yeah, losers.
Losers and losers.
That's what we had at Paxham on Paxham, what I would be, man.
It was like AA.
Every day we went to work as like, owned an AA meeting.
You know, when I first moved down here, I moved here to sell time for WTBJ.
Yeah.
I was a time buyer in New York.
And everyone Ralph Redneck was doing the news and I got good news, Bjorn.
Yes.
And in New York, that was the greatest job in the world.
You were making $100 a week, but all the sales guys would take you out to four seasons or whatever for once.
Right.
And you'd eat like that's how you get this way, you know.
And we'd take these three hour lunches.
Right.
And when I moved down here, I took out a media buyer for lunch and we had order fast because the buyer had to get back to work
and 45 minutes in a restaurant.
I ordered a drink.
Oh, we don't drink down here at lunch.
I thought, wow, what am I going to have to get used to this place?
But that's the way New York was.
There were days where they'd have the secretaries calling different bars of restaurants looking for you.
Because these media guys would take you out and sales people would take you out for long lunches.
I'll be doing that.
I can't wait.
I did mean that.
I have another belt, Mike.
Yeah.
And those is a door one like Santa Claus.
Yeah.
So you were at the WDTVJ back in the Golden Days.
1966.
Yeah.
Ralph Renek and Bob Weaver, weaver, the weatherman, and Dick Fennel.
Yeah.
Skipper Jack.
Skipper up, Jack.
Yeah.
That was a great day.
Ralph Renek's ratings in those days, phenomenal.
Yeah.
Like 25's.
That's rating.
Not sure.
Yeah.
25 rating for a newscast.
I ran into him in a supermarket one day.
He was the only time I met him.
And then I called him on the air a couple of times.
He used to do his editorial at the end of the newscast.
And a couple of times I called him.
I never expected him to take the call.
He always came right on the phone and I said, boy, I really love what you said tonight.
Well, thanks a lot.
And he told me, oh, I really appreciate that coming from here.
Yeah, he was a good guy.
He really was.
He was a real right wing.
And also speaking, we can liken on a soda pop every now and then.
Wow.
I think that's what did him in, isn't it?
Yeah.
He had to get a new liver.
Really?
Yep.
I'll be damned.
But that whole business about getting a new liver.
Maybe he should have been on the Oprah show.
In fact, this Thursday, she's given away a new liver to everybody in the crowd.
Anybody have a heart?
Is that liver?
That's a bad fear cholesterol, isn't it, liver?
Yeah.
Is it?
Yeah, too much.
I don't know, but we were talking about it the other day.
I love liver and onions and bacon.
But I stopped eating it many years ago because I started thinking about the liver is the...
You know, it collects all the toxins from the bodies.
Yeah.
Still like it.
Once in a while.
I haven't had it in years.
There was a place called Vanilles in Detroit.
You said the best liver and onions you could ever...
Christy's in Carl Gables.
Yeah, they have liver and onions.
This would be a lot of great restaurants in Detroit.
That's before they decided to burn the city down.
That was a great city.
Hollum is the sound of my hands.
I know every place that serves gas liver.
Really?
Well, you could have just left a black there.
I know every place that serves...
He's very shy.
I got it.
But since they closed down the Avila deli, man, it's just never going to be the same.
They used to bring food, sent food over anytime we wanted.
It was great.
Christy from there, all the best.
Oh my goodness.
But it just ain't the same as it used to be, you know?
Once they closed the famous in Avila deli, that was like a message.
Like Joey Zazza sent us a message.
Like it's a goi-su belt, I think, as the message they were sending.
I have to go see George.
Yeah, ask him about good old Andrew Asin Awards, okay?
Yeah.
He had some issues.
Let's put it that way.
Well, I'm a good show, Neil.
I'm going to send a world's record, speed record down here to the other story.
I don't think he knows the story, do you?
About Andrew?
Yeah.
I know a story?
Okay, well maybe that's the one.
Well, I don't see what Sarah he knows, then we'll compare notes.
Okay, no lose too much.
Not today, see you.
You too.
Keep fans, your mind, you hear a releasing a limited supply of previously
health seats for sale of the general public.
Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections.
Tickets go on sale Tuesday, October 4th at 10am and start as low as $10.
It is good!
It is good!
It is great!
These seats are in limited supply and will go fast, call 1-800-4-NBA-Ticks.
Check out ticketmaster.com or any ticket master location.
He fans, mark your calendars for Tuesday, October 4th at 10am.
This is the day individual game tickets go on sale for all he home games.
This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad.
Which check, see way way to home!
Jason Williams, dance world.
Fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love fork is no love for
is no love fork is there no love fork is no love fork
Oh, that right away, when's the day time you'll hear your kid wine?
And the scissor really sacked his wheat, good to say.
Sorry, bear, well, the damn field is in the sweet,
Your kid will live a lot.
Strangles, they all make a story that would be neat.
That's the way it goes, yes, I know it goes.
Oh, the rabbit's not going to explode.
Today's George's birthday, happy birthday to George.
You got his check for the guy.
And also to the year, going to get the way of the gun
with Ryan's Philippe and James Cun.
Yeah, wait, I'll check the mail before I leave.
Well, there you go. When a doubt check it out.
So, he'll hang whatever story you know.
I brought him up to my level of understanding, how's that?
I see.
Well, I'll tell you what, before the show tomorrow, I'll give you any of
a fill in a blanks.
All right, and you can like, something from to look forward to.
It'd be like a play Wheel of Fortune, fill in some last.
Well, the only thing about me, unlike many of the people in that building,
which is another reason I'm so glad that I'm out there, is that it seems that there are many,
several people in that place hyperventilating about things that have really nothing to do with their lives,
you know, their careers there.
I just, I don't pay any attention to things that have no relationship to me.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm not going to go there.
But you follow the distance.
Oh, well, I hear this.
I don't really care about any of those rumors because they have nothing to do with me,
so I just don't give a flying craft.
Clearance.
Okay, let's see.
Where do we start?
Amarlin's in San Antonio, officials who meet this week.
This is their first meeting with officials from another city.
And you know what?
Bye-bye, boys.
Okay?
Everybody in their brothers trying to help you out, but it's not enough.
It's never enough for John Henry and for this one and that one and the bye-bye.
To be our worst problem.
Paul, we took yesterday, I can't stand and we didn't allow no individuals because we know exactly what it would have been.
Religious Nuts, 501.
They went by a zillion miles, the get-kies out there who are destroying America,
taking away your freedoms and Christianizing America.
I got a great story about that today in the better late to never category.
Where the hell is it?
It's down in my pile.
Jewish leaders in device strategy.
To do what?
To develop a response to the religious right which they say is eroding civil liberties and planning to Christianize America.
And they're finally going to open up a mouth.
Hunter like that.
Well, do you go?
Of course, the fundamentalist Jews, the Orthodox, they're going, oh, you've got the crap.
Anyway, I can't stand religious Nuts 501.
South Florida drivers 128.
The US government, 116.
Tony's 104.
New Yorkers like Brett in our sales department are real obnoxious discussing New Yorker 91.
Stupid people, 67.
Loudmouth 62.
People who stink 53.
South Florida 52.
Black people 49.
This poll 44.
Hated.
Rednecks 42.
Go to the dentist 35.
And Drunk 35.
What about if you have a drunk dentist?
People on cell phone.
The third man.
His Spanish 29.
Jews 27.
Being married 17.
Real estate shows telephone solicitors 15.
A piece screaming Queens.
You ferry.
14.
Well, these people 13.
F.P.N.L. 13.
My in-laws 12.
Homeless voice people 11.
Don't make a mess when you run them over now.
Sports nerds 9.
White people 9.
Jamaicans 6.
Mon.
The FCC 6.
Fags 6.
How about Fags and Makens Mon?
Oh, there aren't any.
Three loader 6 doctors for my boss one and radio products only one.
Out of 1620 votes, and look at the time already.
It's getting away from us.
Ain't it?
It is.
Better to do that for us.
Let's look at that schedule.
Oh, here.
First we got the molemyster with two.
You got the bow man at four.
Kimber bull camper from my Velcro.
Of course, his overworked.
Haven't done one show in a row yesterday.
Hurricane hotline from Bernie Coast.
Our stay-cows at seven.
The FedEx Orange Bull College football show at nine.
Whatever that is.
And then any K-10 o'clock.
The FedEx Orange Bull College football show.
I'll be glued to that.
I'll come in here and I'll just fall on the floor.
Listen.
I'll plot from it.
1015.
A QA.
Amitst that most wonderful time in the year.
Unless you're one of the zillions of people to wait to crowded malls and the crazed shoppers.
The long-redges lines.
Parking hassles.
All of these.
All of these centers.
So this year make your gift giving a little bit easier for you and your loved ones.
Give them a down mattress gift certificate.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you're in order down mattress gift certificate.
A denomination in the new bed makes a great idea of gift that will last for years.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose them.
See me.
Serve the Simmons, Steerings and Foster, King Cora, tempered.
And did you suffer some damage maybe from the hurricane?
Maybe that's why you need new mattress.
Maybe you need a bed for those last minute, unavoidant holiday gifts.
Whatever your deal.
Call 1-800 mattress.
So it gets same day delivery from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
You still pick the day in time for delivery to fit your schedule.
And dial amatras is mighty proud and well deserved of their on-time record 99.7% of the time.
They're ranked number one in the universe in customer satisfaction.
I've been using them for years.
I wouldn't dream about biomatras any other way.
Why be stupid?
Before those guests arrive, pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress or log on to matrace.com.
Just that one easy call is all it takes.
1-800-MATPR-ES.
Be sure to leave off the last as because it stands for...
Are you all right?
Hi.
I-I think so.
A Cora Accidence.
Millions of people experienced this unfortunate incident every year.
One insurance company, as you covered.
So when accidents happen, when disaster strikes think...
...s**t happens.
As f**k happens insurance, we know there are some things you can't control.
After all, f**k happens.
We got a lot of heavy rain on the stormless road.
I flooded my basement, cost thousands of dollars and damaged.
I lost a lot of my belongings.
Who's to have a stay?
But then I remembered, f**k happens.
F**k happens insurance covering your family when accidents and disaster strike.
Because we know f**k happens.
F**k happens insurance is a subsidiary of...
...all these f**k incorporated.
Those are the most beautiful bleeps in history.
I've listened to them over and over again just to make sure that each and every one was surgically perfect.
And they are.
What a beautiful thing.
Anyway, here's the fact.
Finally, after three days of begging and asking.
And I still don't understand this.
I'm not a bratwurst.
I'm a bratwurst.
I'm a bratwurst.
I don't understand.
I'm an iron.
I don't care what anybody tells me.
I'm an iron.
I don't know.
I guess before another word, it's like...
I didn't even tell me how to spell ahead.
I'm a bratwurst without bread.
H-E-A-D.
Believe me, I know my head.
I'm a bratwurst.
I've told you many, many times in Germany, they share the bratwurst.
I like it in Cologne.
They give it a bratwurst on a little cardboard thing.
And then the bread is like a little hard roll that is next to the bratwurst.
But they don't put it in it.
In Berlin, they share their stick it in there.
But the bread takes up only the middle third.
So it's like a nice holder.
So if you do any actions, do you know what I need to bread?
Yeah.
You just hold the bread.
You eat the nibble around it.
You don't want to say it?
Okay, for the poll that we're doing today, what radio station you listen to most from music?
Somebody says W-G-N-A-Six-40-A-M after seven PM, it's like the 50s and 60s radio all over again.
Why, how do you like that?
W-G-N-A-Six-40.
Let's put that on it.
We can add some more on here, right?
Yeah.
Of course.
We're still doing this one, although...
...can from a Tobacco.
Now, a Tobacco is to Toronto like Delray Beaches to a For Love and Death.
I mean, it's north of the city, it's a suburb.
And Ken every now and then, he must be the one person listening here.
And it's wonderful having you.
Ken, have a great day.
But anyway, he says on your poll radio stations in South Florida, you're missing W-G-P-Y-M party 93.1 for dance music,
which I listen to on the internet.
Well, Ken does know I guess is that it's only on the internet.
Right.
So I guess if he likes that crap, I mean that great music.
It's no longer radio.
It's no longer over the years, so it's not a radio station.
It's strictly an internet-only thing.
It says, looking forward to listening to you on the radio, when I'm in Florida and January, thanks.
OK, everybody, Ken, it's funny.
I ain't too bad.
No, no.
Somebody says satellite radio.
And of course with Howard making all the rounds right now, we'd be a coward not to put on Howard.
So let's put satellite radio.
Got these?
We got it.
You get these?
We got them.
OK.
Josh lost his tongue in everyone.
Well, you know, the microphone and the typewriter are not near each other, so he's got to.
I see.
He's grabbing it.
Right.
OK, you probably have to set it because you got a chicken.
He didn't.
He lost the way it goes.
He can wiggle his burger.
He gets to you.
Yeah, once you're birthday, Josh.
May.
Oh, no problem.
You may.
Get a check.
I'll get around to it.
It's just relaxed.
Now, when are you going away?
When's everybody going away?
Nobody tells me this stuff and then all of a sudden I come in one day and like, there's nobody there.
I'll be gone next week.
Next week you'll be gone.
Sometimes I'm just trying to say like, oh, well, if you're going to sense them, do it now before I go away.
Better overnight, that's probably.
Do it now.
I'll think about it.
So let's go either to the space needed.
Unless the end George is going to be, now, which is the week I'm confused about?
The last week of the year.
26th, the week of the 26th.
Oh, because I'm working on the 26th.
Right.
Which is the, which I could have that day off.
But just like Thanksgiving, man, boy, do I do it or what?
That's because I can take other days off at other times.
Correct.
But I'll be on that anyway.
Back at a man Friday because you'll be on.
Right.
That's correct.
OK, everybody out there keeping track of these things good.
So anyway, here's what the deal is on the pool from yesterday.
What radio station you listen to most from music?
How many votes we got?
815, I'll rate it.
It's not even 1030.
I think we got a shot of the thousand of they, don't you?
We do.
Don't listen to any of them.
They all stockporn in 36.
Over 50%.
That's, that's going to be a message for all your radio program is done.
And I'm not that I would do any good because I've been telling the same thing for years and years.
And you wouldn't know the programming and good music if somebody stuck it in your ear.
But that's the way it is in South Florida.
The music on the radio blows.
It is pathetic.
Don't listen to any of the all stockporn in 43.
WBGG, big 66, magic 51 in spite of Bob Hamilton.
Is that the Hamilton from Hamilton, Joe Franken Reynolds?
You know, like, anyway, I got my time life CDs, the 70s music explosion,
but all the bonus CDs, this is a really pretty good deal.
Yeah.
That's good stuff.
There's 14, this, you didn't even hear the legends, the stuff from the legend.
I didn't wait.
OK, well, we'll get to that.
We'll do it on the here.
I don't know the one that's anything.
Magic 51, kiss 45.
Oh, man, they're picking it.
You're right about this crowd.
You're a real under ground or a pirate radio, 32.
Love 94 ahead.
Bob, turn it in.
You know, I can all why.
What kind of a person listens to love 94?
A sued gate?
No, really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You get out of here.
Somebody can do it.
The code's 22, Y-118.
Hot 105, 17.
WP-PX-16, old Piper Hider is still pumping it out, but it's about an ounce of sound now,
because the signal is bad, George said.
Maybe they had to cut their power down.
WRMF-16, power 96-15, that's where it was not our crowd.
And by the way, anything they were doing over there, we got nothing to do with it.
WHDR-13, WEDR-10, WVUM-9, Mega-94.9, 8.
Woo!
That is big.
Well, wait a minute.
MGE, isn't that Mega?
I don't know Mega.
All right?
Yes.
Oh, so we got like a duplication on there.
Eric, if you would do me a favor, yeah, you don't have to, because MGE don't have any votes,
because that is Mega-94.9, that's my bad.
I think it's Josh's bad, because you confused me.
He told me it was MGE, and somebody told you that, but it's, we probably do it as Mega-90.
Whatever.
Life 8, audio and hitmo has got a pair of satellites ready.
We just put on it.
Somebody got one.
By the way, how are they?
Huh?
I keep getting faxes for people with one internet radio station or another.
We're not putting internet radio stations on there, okay?
Those aren't radio.
No.
I mean, at least satellite radio is radio.
The internet is not a radio.
Schmuck's.
WMIB1, WRMA, Arradio Romanzia, Stormente Uno.
WGNA has the big zero.
WMG, we got to take that out.
Arradio Amor has got shadow.
Oh, right.
That's the big.
Kind of like Joe's got across the street over there with his Maple Exports agent.
Nice going Joe, not you idiot.
You're quizzling.
You're fairy.
So 827 votes will have over 900 by the way.
The time little hand hits the big hand.
We're going to zoom on way over.
And then we got to pull for tomorrow.
We'll work on later.
I already got that one.
Thanks to our good friend, Sean.
I'll tell you Sean, keep those polls coming, man.
He is a lifetaver.
I know I'm not having lunch with Ian Butchup.
Oh, look at this.
Please push this as Claire and take a class.
I would just say this to you, Claire.
I'm sure you're not listening because this show has nothing to do with sports.
But you're just, you know, you're over the top.
You know, if you want to talk to your hyperventilating hysterical people, as you should know,
the only time I get hyperventilating hysterical when I don't get paid.
The rest of the time, I don't care about all the inter-politics,
and machinations, and rumors, and hysteria.
And I'm not one of those people to call it.
It was I.
I'll look up to a frenzy.
And I'm kind of curious.
I got a haste to think that this morning without getting into the substance of the issue.
Why, he called.
Well, he cares, you know.
There's rumors around.
But I mean, but I've looked at about all kinds of stories on the street.
Nobody cares.
As long as I get paid, that's all I care about.
It may sound selfish, but when you work on this radio station, man, that's the only way to be.
The only way to be.
Because this is not exactly what you call a bunch of team players, not to mention A&A names.
But we got some team players, but we got some who are not.
And then of course, we got that sales department.
And a sales manager who's scared and schmittless of me and a lot of other people
and hides back there like some kind of a lunatic.
And hires people like Brett, a lot of mouthbreath.
Hey, Brett, by the way, pay for the prime room and the other stuff.
Bernie Koso, I ain't running a charity down there.
Okay?
You idiot.
You quizzling.
You fairy.
Yeah.
Just what we need is another loser from New York.
This is a new Roger.
This is a football and this girl's and such.
And we'll work back here and stand for him again.
Where's the women going out now, Burman?
I was a fried.
I was petrified.
I can't think.
A cowboy's never in the pool.
That's you back to the burrow.
And happy mail to you.
It's fun to say it.
Why is it a cowboy sauce?
It's a cowboy movie.
It sounds like a movie.
I should try to guess those songs.
Yeah, that would have been them.
Now George and I have a little contest going on his birthday today.
And if he wins, the check clears and it's not I just stop him.
What were we doing that before the show today?
I was playing all these oldies because my time-life music explosion of the 70s,
whatever that thing is called.
That's good.
I never actually, well, I'm into those infomercials, you know me.
Yeah.
And I have no sales resistance.
But it's good.
It's good.
And I actually even watched the one, the infomercial, not that I would buy it because I hate
come to music, like 99% of it.
But I just watched it because I'm so fascinated with what retardos those people are.
What is it about all them people from Nashville that are half-sounds of big old eggs,
other eggs?
They're really strangling, you know?
Like Randy Travis, you ever see him?
Yeah.
He's bizarre.
He's really strange.
When you're, you know, sleep with Chiquin.
Know what that was?
Yeah.
Well, that 4,000 years of inbreeding, is that what they've done?
It can do some damage.
Maybe the dog done it.
858 votes already just passed 1030.
Well, we were on a collision course with history.
Come out to Hurricane Hotline tonight at 7 o'clock with head coach Larry Coker at Bernie Coast,
our stay-cows in South Miami.
And you can eat bread from our sales department.
He'll be there trying to stuck up all the free food.
They had a smack him in the head.
They had to charge him double.
How many, what has he been there about two, three weeks and like that?
And already he's looking for freebies?
I wasn't selling something for his.
Then we might be impressed.
Then we might share with you some of that free food, maybe even a little bit of our pizza.
How do you like that?
Brett, you idiot.
Typical New York loud mouth, obnoxious, piece of crap.
I don't even know what his last name is.
What's his last name?
Summer's Brett Summer?
Yeah, let's say it's that.
Okay.
Well, let's do one quickie here, okay?
Of course it's no name, American.
I'd like to see you.
Oh, the Coke.
The new seeker's man, you better get it right.
Sorry.
He's not as you are.
He's a model.
It's always tough when the first words are the head of the song.
Somebody, QAAM, hello.
Our very first call of the day.
This could be a, this could make us a break us.
QAAM.
Hey, but the new Roger, so are you.
Okay, sir.
How are you?
All right, pretty good.
I wanted to wish George a happy weekend's dinner.
And I just saved my whole body.
Right.
You just gave this whole body.
Just the newer the last word got clipped there,
but that's the one I just saved this whole body.
I sure hope he was using that nice custom of plus
to let razor I use.
I was thinking about that this morning.
I'm so excited about the fact that I used the best razor going.
I don't care what punk nose over there says.
You know, I picked, actually picked up because I, you know,
I'd like to be a little flexible.
I figured, okay, maybe I'm wrong and mold funny,
buddy.
And I picked up my turbo max, three, whatever the thing is.
Yesterday, okay, I did about two strokes with that, baby.
And that was the end of that.
That it hurts that thing.
You can feel it.
And it's a new blade, too.
Yeah, maybe it's a blade.
I don't know.
But these pivot plus custom with the lubricant,
the lube tubes strip or whatever that is.
Here, all these things are the best.
You don't even feel like you're saving it.
So you continue doing whatever you want and being Mr.
expert and you don't know what you're talking about.
The state house can see that the major position in the effort to write a law
regulating Broward County slot machines yesterday.
But key differences remain with the Senate on how many machines will be allowed,
how much to tax them.
I know one thing they won't all be good machines, man.
I know that.
There'll be several bad machines.
A billion animously approved yesterday by the House Business
Regulation Committee calls for a whopping 55% tax on slot machines that
Broward's three horse and dog tracks and it's high life front time,
limited facilities to a thousand machines each.
A thousand machines, man.
Many of them much.
Woodbines got 17, and there are spendy in 2400.
So a thousand eight, too much.
Done enough.
And it's also got a picture in this story, too, again, must be the only casino picture
they got at the Sun Central, the same people playing real of torture.
They're still playing it.
The house did wrap its position of approving only class two machines,
which looked like slots, but are airs not.
They're based on the game of Bingo.
And they will go along with this instrument for Las Vegas,
class three machines, man.
Committee Chairman Frank Atkiston, Republican of Kiss Simi,
said the movement on the type of machine is a major concession by House Speaker
Alan Bence and suggested the Senate needs also the Mexican movement on its position.
It's on taxes.
The speaker is very much behind 55% atkins and said he's very committed to this bill the way it is.
If that's so, Senator Dennis Jones that lawmakers may not be able to come up with an agreement
during this special session called this week to deal with the slots as you and
the Fed has Governor Jeff Bush has proposed Medicaid overhaul.
Oh, brother.
When you go to negotiations, you have to give a little bit said,
Jones, Republican of Seminole, who said the Senate has changed its position on taxes three times,
while the House hasn't budged.
I don't know how you negotiate if the other side doesn't compromise.
So if they stay at 55%, I would predict we have no billy said.
The Senate bill calls for a 45% tax rate.
They originally were calling for 35.
They went up to 45 and I was like, no, 55%.
Not 50.
Lawmakers were required to write a law.
Not supposed to, but required by law to write a law by July.
First, but they didn't do it.
And the public and Florida just goes on.
I'm optimistic we will leave here with a bill, but if we don't leave here with a bill,
my prediction is they start without a strong senator.
In other words, they'll just go ahead and do it and they should.
Hey, guys, just go ahead and do it.
Alan Solomon and Dick Feinberg are all my friends at Pomford O'Park
and my friends at whoever they are.
My friends in the gay community and the state community.
All the people at Gulf Stream and Daniel Highly and Hollywood Greyhunt.
Just go ahead and stick them in there, okay?
Take them to court.
They haven't got to let this stand on your fat ass governor.
And this bunch of rednicks in the state house.
What a bunch of Yehoo's, man.
If you look up rednick, you'll see a picture of the whole Florida House of Representatives
right there.
They're all there together.
It's true.
Yehoo's.
And your fat ass governor don't leave him out.
It proceeds too busy with other issues trying to keep all his family out of the slamer.
8.62.
862 votes on that radio poll.
And the overwhelming consensus is South Florida Radio Music blows.
W.Q.A.
And hello.
Not there on two.
Mark that one on the log.
W.Q.A. and hello.
A.M.
A.M.
Let that salesman who is coming to my Popeye and get some free chicken.
I'll pay.
Yeah, pop him in the head.
Coming to my Popeye.
Yes.
That sounded like a olive oil.
W.Q.A.
To the Puerto Rican.
Could be a Emil Feig.
You got him all whipped up today.
Apparently.
All your people.
W.Q.A. and George's birthday line.
I'm right.
Hi, you guys, man.
I'm going to complete.
I want to try one more before the break.
Frankie Valley.
I think 64.
What do they think?
Oh, thank for the second.
I think we're going to say Frankie Lyman and the Teenage League.
This is a new runner.
This is Frankie.
The deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
I'm going to play the deck.
we don't have to worry about getting joy sound.
There's one thing you can need in the first game.
and that whole thing, not one light and little fart.
Aren't we lucky?
We are.
Come to Hurricane Hotline tonight at 7pm with head coach Larry
Coker, Bernie Kroz, our State House in South Miami,
if Brett shows up, cut him bin!
Pull a forward on him.
I'm really used to that, some of those unfortunate incidents
at the forward, things like that.
Silver Cross?
Yeah.
And that's the song, right?
From the green?
Great.
That's it.
Don't change now, don't you?
And my blood sugar's going up already from this syrup extractor in this song.
Oh, you don't know this?
Well, I know this song, but I don't know this thing.
Give me a minute.
Well, what country is London?
It was that as Dr. Portoli.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless lines.
Come on, let's get with it here today.
This is just starting off like yesterday, a similar craft.
Very slow.
Probably because there are any more radio stations on there for that pull,
and they've got no more material.
They want to call the wish you a happy birthday and unhappy birthday.
Oh, very sad.
That's the fact.
That's very nice.
Did you really?
Yeah.
There's 41 today.
He's old and gay, great.
Maybe he's got a black hair on his head.
It's gold or remember all those songs.
That must be the reason.
Only old parts like us remember this craft.
W2AM, hello.
Again, that was the only line I was reading.
Sounds like somebody's pulling the plug on our phone today, isn't it?
Let's see.
No, I mean, my way today, today, they be in different many other day.
Reports as Tamahulu is useless for the avion flu.
Oh, no.
All new people are stocking up.
Well, keep buying it because Rubberstall's got a lot of stock in it.
Makes his portfolio get real fat every time you go out and buy a bunch.
A Vietnamese doctor with experience in treating avion flu says Tamahulu,
the drug being stocked for treatment of avion flu, is useless against the virus.
Dr. Nguyen Tuong Van, the Center for Trapper Overseasian Hanoi,
has treated 41 victims of H5N1, following WHO guidelines,
and mistrained Tamahulu to where patients he told the sudden times of London,
the medicine had no effect, Zipadi Duda.
None.
We've placed no importance on using this drug in our patients.
She said Tamahulu is really only meant for treating ordinary type av flu,
an ordinary flu way.
It was not combined to combat H5N1.
Don't work.
The newspaper said to find and cast doubt on the British government's pandemic flu policy,
the nation's top medical officers, Sir Liam Donaldson,
has ordered 15 million doses of Tamahulu to be stocked,
and of course they're doing the same in the USA.
Van said the only way to keep avion flu patients alive is to support
all their vital organs, including the liver and kidneys,
with modern technology like ventilators and dialysis machines,
make sure you have a good machine that's under the times reported.
The WHO's acknowledged Tamahulu had not been widely successful in human patients,
but says it believes it would have been more effective in many Asian countries
if it had been used earlier in the illness.
Well, your mama turns out in a way.
So if you want to go out and buy a bunch of Tamahulu,
always good to have a bunch of drugs laying around us,
which George says.
In fact, bring some drugs to your George Day for his birthday.
That's the right thing to do.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
You asked who was listening to Love Line 4,
and I'm neither gay nor homophobic or no disorder,
but when I get into the 5 o'clock traffic and I look over
and the guys are cutting their front of me,
and I want to put my fish in a window,
I just listened to Love Line 4 and it caused me down.
There you go.
Next one.
Good and soft floor to read me.
That's right.
Thank you.
There you go.
Count it down.
I'm making more mellow.
If you want to be mellow,
ever be to play mellow yellow by Donovan.
Yeah, we could.
I don't have that song on here.
Quite right.
Ah, quite light.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Any other day you were talking about razors
and how crazy they're getting
where all the blades on the razors.
Like 25 years ago,
when Saturday night live was actually funny,
they did one of those commercials,
and they said they called it the...
This was one that dual head razors came out,
they called it the triple head,
and the tagline was,
because you'll believe anything.
Right.
So just go to the show,
because they were ahead of their time,
and they knew that, you know,
people buy anything,
and I five head rings or whatever.
That's right.
You got 50.
It's got 15 blades,
maybe out of the divest shave.
I was thinking about that this morning
when I was enjoying my tremendous comfortable shave
with my pivot plus custom,
whatever that thing is.
That's the best in the world.
And I'm thinking,
you know, just because something's got three blades
or four blades or five,
that doesn't mean it's going to be a better shave.
No.
Where's the logic in that?
They're just peddling a bunch of...
Oh, the more...
Yeah, right.
Well, then let's make one with 75 blades.
What do you say?
That's...
And then the cartridge could be as big as your whole head.
Just one quick stroke, man,
and your whole side of your face is shaved.
Not...
You want to go out and...
If you're using that turbo,
whatever that mock snail thing is,
go out.
I hope you enjoy it.
I hope you enjoyed the good vibrations,
but it's not for me.
It doesn't come...
It doesn't come even close
to giving this same shave
as my very inexpensive...
you'll let whatever that thing is.
Pivot plus.
But, you know, John has the expert on that.
Although I think he's just trying to take a turn on this whole issue
in the last couple of minutes.
I just say, hey, different strokes.
He's started to be a lot more agreeable.
I won't help.
Let's see.
What radio all try to send enough?
I'm not going to send it up like FedEx.
I'm not schlepping all the way over there.
If you know how cold it was here,
it's pretty damn cold.
If you think I'm schlepping over to a kinkos to send a FedEx.
Got a FedEx.
Let's see what's...
Huh?
Oh, yeah, you'll pick it up.
Minus five, Celsius.
What is that?
About 20, 324 degrees.
Something like that.
Furnight.
Oh, it is.
It's sunny.
It looks pretty nice out there.
Maybe 80s.
No snow out of ground.
For reason over here.
It is nasty cold.
Brutal.
But you know what?
It should be it's being there.
If I have to...
If I have to, QIM.
Hello.
Yeah, I got one for the fall.
Yes, sir.
88.1.
What is that?
It's a rock station.
Very Christmas deal.
It's a rock station.
88.1.
88.1 is so far below this.
Like public radio.
It's like way off the...
It is.
Even below that.
It might be a higher station.
Yeah, I think it is actually.
Oh, well, man.
So maybe we already got that on there.
Underground and Pirate Radio.
Get with it, Pally.
Okay, if it's underground and pirate.
Get with it.
Get with the pirates.
That's what Bob Prince would say.
Angin Woods.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
And Ronnie Prateri.
QIM.
I hate black people.
I'm all good for you.
And they hate you like poison.
In fact, there are a whole bunch of them not going to need to go right now.
I'd answer it.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
I'm looking for Stan Major.
He always needs some money.
Yeah, good.
Look in the dumpster back here at the house.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
I want to thank you for turning me on the body wash.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan.
I put it on and it's just the best.
What's it to you?
Oh, you've got 13 different bottles, man.
It's my lucky number.
So I'm not asking to rather the Berryman myself.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
You're very.
Start thinking it.
567056.
He's a passionate raspberry.
A passionate fruit is what he said.
Something like that.
You're fair.
He also said that.
Well, if these people are like parrots, say how do we have to be a parrots jungle?
They're like minor birds.
They're a minor tourist.
Just keep repeating the same.
Whatever I say, they say they are somebody else's.
They just repeat it back over and over again.
Oh, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, or how about like...
Dotto, dotto.
Oh, they're arguing that now.
And not doing it very well.
You had a dotto dotto.
You're not going to be original even dotto dotto dotto.
You see even that's not all I could do dotto dotto.
Yeah.
That's where it's at.
Dotto dotto dotto.
That's where it's at.
Now, is he on today?
Oh, yeah.
He's on today to Mollmeister.
He's back from his travels from his broadcast in Pittsburgh.
How have I game there?
Who have they lose to?
The Bengals.
Yeah.
Bengals are good, man.
The Bengals are for real.
They're the real deal.
They're the cults.
And then there's like four or five pretty darn good teams.
And then the rest of the league just sucks.
The pretty good teams are Cincinnati, Seattle, San Diego, who are we about?
Don't tell me Tampa Bay, please.
They don't score any points.
Who are we about?
Oh, at the Bears.
The Bears.
Those Bears.
The Bears, baby.
The Bears, when they were beginning, of course, the fact they plan that coma division doesn't
hurt any but the Bears.
They're in the Bears play a real team.
Then you'll see the real Bears.
A German Protestant youth group has put together a 2006 calendar with 12 staged photos
depicting erotic scenes from the Bible, including a bear-breasted Delilah, cutting
sandsons here, and a nude eve offering an apple.
Oh, boy.
I told you it was not that crude on the tree.
It was the pair on the ground.
There's a whole range of biblical scriptures simply bursting with eroticism, said,
and staff on the east, the 32-year-old photographer for the tidillating pictures in Berlin.
Well, what a bunch of perverts in Germany.
That's why I like it there a lot.
Anne Roemer, 21, poses on a doorstep in Gartars and stockings as the prostitute La Prosta Tuta,
Rahab, who's mentioned in both New and Old Testament.
You know from Rahab?
Rahab.
Rahab.
Is she in rehab?
Rahab the A-rab.
Oh.
Oh, no.
I think I got that on here.
It's coming.
Upright.
Race the A-rab.
I do have some race Stevens on here, so with that I'm not that one.
We wanted to represent the Bible in a different way in the interest young people,
so he told Reuters, of course, they're going to get young people in it.
It's going to have sex, sex, sex.
Anyway, it doesn't say you're wearing a Bible, but you're forbidden to show yourself nude.
That is not.
Burn grass, or pastor, the church in Nuremberg, where the calendar is being sold.
The enthusiastic believer was enthusiastic about the project,
which was displayed online at peoplecalender.de, Switzerland.
B-I-B-E-L with calendar with a K, B-V-L-L-D-D-E.
It's just wonderful when teenagers commit themselves with their hair and their skin to the Bible, he said.
What does that mean with their hair and their skin?
Huh?
I don't give it.
Anyway, Biblecalender.de, if you want to see some dirty pictures, or whatever's on there, I don't know.
See that all those plus the two does.
Even back in Biblical days, they were horned.
It was porn and they were horned, and that's just the way it goes.
But of course today we've got all these professional censors.
Now, all this is disgusting.
You see now that they have sex, and this is the good thing, actually.
And it's long overdue.
They're going to force the cable operators to start selling all the card packages, which is good.
Why should people have to pay for crap that they're never going to watch?
Why should I have to pay to have Jan and Paul crotch on my TV, said, huh?
Right?
Although that's only I'm talking about down there.
Am I cable here? I've got no complaints.
You do not have a lot of those gasky channels.
Once in a while they're good for laughs.
But when you got 800 channels, you shouldn't have to worry about their stuff being on there.
You're not watching because there's so much that you have to watch.
Oh, I guess when movie was on last night, I'll grant you.
It's very perverted and it's very depressing, but it also has got to be one of the funniest things.
It's happiness was on again.
Oh, and I thought it almost from the beginning.
I couldn't turn it off.
I watched it all the way through lately.
It's unsettling is what I would say.
Yeah, it's disturbing.
Okay, a lot of movies are disturbing.
And the thing about every character in that movie, even the little kids, every character is screwed up.
Right.
Every character has got some issues as they say.
Even Philip, what's his name? Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Right?
He is so good.
Please, such a great actor.
Yeah, he is. He's got several issues.
Oh, I don't think this is a movie where he puts the postcard on the wall.
Is it?
I mean, that one.
Yeah, that seems before I think I can pass on that.
Well, let's make it a collection there.
Okay.
I know.
And it sure stays on Scott's tape.
In glue.
1057 at 560 WN Drive Concepts have been telling about their expertise in carpet cleaning for a long, long time.
I've been using them myself for over 20 years.
Well, the holiday season here is time to make the call to have your home sanitized.
Then that's just talking about your carpeting, either.
Because Drive Concepts also specialize in a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, drape reclinning, oriental rub cleaning, water damage restoration, pet-ordered treatments, mattress cleaning, get rid of those nasty dust mites.
And lots more.
And during this month, during December, Drive Concepts has got a special offer.
They'll keep you sleeping like a baby.
No matter how clean your home is, it's almost impossible to eliminate those dust mites.
And did you also know that dust mites are the number one cause of allergies?
Not good stuff.
So do yourself and your family a favor.
Get rid of those dust mites too late, the easy way, by making one call to drive concepts.
So whether it's your cropping or poultry leather furniture, drape reclinning, oriental rugs, or this one special dust mite cleaning,
the only company out of you think about calling is Drive Concepts.
No scams, never fuss, a stupendous, unbeatable job every time in a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a work.
And Dave Rauer to the Palm Beach is called Tool-Free, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
And be sure and tell him that all Neil, underline the old part, all Neil pointed to call, or on the wicked way of its Drive Concepts.com.
And this is Neil Roger.
This is my 16-2-8.
So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so so, so. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
I mean I'm supposed to go around the place here other than another pet enemy being there and they I think I mean Fatherphot...
things in the mix. I see. I don't know where to find it now. I get when you've had 800 channels
and I haven't watched it looked at them so long. Little something for everyone here. I see. Well,
let me just I'll be back with you folks one of these a lot of beach like that. A lot of beach
events. Really? Yeah. A lot of like hot naked young people. That's right. It's disgusting. Who
the hell would want to see something like that? Everybody I know. Yeah. That's exactly right.
I'm looking for it. Believe me. I'm always looking for it. I'll find it. I don't have time to go
rush for it. There's just nothing yet. There's nothing before play right now. Now what was I
just going to do is something where I was going to tell you that because it's already Tuesday,
what I'll do is I'll FedEx that thing to you tomorrow and you know, Josh will have it on Thursday.
Because otherwise if you're leaving for next week, if I put it in the mail, it's very unlikely.
You're going to begin the non-time so it'll be to point us and you send you something little
something for your vacation if you get it like have to come back. Right. Thank you. Right. I'd have
the Western Union it. No problem. That's because I'm in a very generous mood. I have a feeling. I
may be I'll put it in the FedEx after I come back from Woodbine. Now I'm not a good idea.
Now always see, I have a routine. My cab driver, he brought me and I run in with my FedEx thing.
I shove it in the box. There were kinkos and then we go off to a Woodbine. I lose my ass.
Probably a good idea to do it that way. It's right on the way.
Anyway, how we, it's a holiday time of the year man. Everybody ought to be given, given instead of a
QM where everybody's psychotic. And did you hear about this? I'd take a chill. All you crazy people
who cares. All these people with their big egos like everybody's life is hinging on all the
stuff crap going on here. This is an interesting garbage. Yeah. See, I can see why some people
would be upset about certain things that may or may not be true. Like Clarence and Muffer example
and Maddie Bell and the Water Nazi and Gary Sarner. People like that. Follow what I'm saying.
Yes, I agree. Anyway, 951 votes. That's the important thing on our pool. 951 and where we have
been fun. For example, the tokens, the tokens, the tokens in the Lion Leap tonight of
Christ. Lion sleeps tonight. Some of these are pretty easy. Yeah. Anyway, what radio stage?
Not internet radio. That's not on your radio. If it's satellite radio, that's radio. If it's a
commercial radio, so if you pick it up on your radio, that's what we're talking about. Remember
the radio? Yeah. It's such a good thing as it radiates. You know, I think the first time I ever
went to New York, one of the things that fascinated me so much about Manhattan was every block of
Manhattan was just loaded with all those electronics stores and back in those days, they had all
these little transistor radios and gizmos. But the transistor radio was the most fascinating thing
because those are really, I had a little white Philco transistor radio. It was like hard as it was
rock solid. Yeah, you couldn't break it if you tried. I tried plastic, you know. And I went off
to college with that thing. And of course, it was really great because in a light time, you hear
WADC from New York and WLS from Chicago and CKLW. All the 50,000-wide giants would come in there
and eat the dancing. And it was great. Anyway, I guess I was boring. I thought it was exciting,
but that's back in the day when you coveted your radio and it was something that was a valuable
position. Kind of like we view our blackberries right now, they better not miss with our blackberries.
I'm going to be really peeled. The only good news for me though is that it's a Canadian company,
and they're only trying to get the blackberry service that's continued in the US. Your problem,
not mine. Oh, anybody, what radio station you listen to most of your music? Don't listen. They
all saw 475. That's just a hear under 50% out of 951, almost 50%. WBGG big 74. Well, that must
be because of Paul and Ron. Let's see. Magic 54. Well, it says for music. I don't think they play any
music. Magic 54. Oh, that's very sad. Let's be kind of magic. What about? Oh, I just played that.
Oh yeah, I was talking to. We're on pray. We recorded in a, what's the name of the criteria
students? That's anything we recorded in my name? It works the pray. And it's just,
Dr. Baby, you got it. I'm curious on the intro. Wait, wait, wait. Okay.
Sorry for the joy. You're going to get too robust. I don't know. You'll sit back there. No.
Close to the higher level. Let me give you his new pair. Very good. Very tasty.
Well, those are the days, man. I'm sure what anybody says, they cannot disco all they want in
it. Anyway, getting back to a kiss, 52. That's very sad. satellite radio 40, love 94, 39, underground
pirate radio 37, the coast 25, why 120, how 105 19 WPPS 18, power 96 18. Well, that's shocking,
isn't it? Because the, the median demographics are about what 10 years old, at least RMS 17,
WHDR 16, WVUM 10. I wonder, my crossing is all still on WVUM popping out the hits.
WVN is time is 322. He was great. What a broadcaster. What an idiot.
Mega 94.910 WEDR 10, life 9 WGNA 5 WRTO radio rhythm 2 WMIB men in black 2 WAMR radio
are more finally got one and radio romansia's got one. One station is playing Luis Delan
playing Miguel and both of them are off the show by the one passion. Luis is on desperate
housewives and Miguel or Miguel is 960 people. By the bottom of the hour one heavy over a
1000 already. This is shocking to me. Anyway, love is good folks. No, not since Bob Hamilton came in.
Yeah, anyway, a little spastic. So that's our poll 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'd say this is good stuff though.
You see one of these intel marshals don't think oh, but it's going to be really cramped.
So you see what I mean? The one disc here, that's the legends. They're
afford this in here are legends that are all, I mean it's not even, even Josh would know some of
I just had to hear it.
What could he say? No, look good. Was he talented? How he'd been? Did he have any talent whatsoever?
He's eaten. Could he ski? Nobody told him ahead of time. That was that engine muddy. That's what his talent. That's what it
must have been. WQAM, hello. Good morning, Neil. Okay, bye bye, Neil. WQAM, hello.
QYM. Hello, Neil. Yes. 88.1 is FIU Florida and international university. Yes.
And is that a good music? Yeah, they're just like VWM. Can you pick them up? Can you pick it up?
I want to wait. I live almost in a red one. So, in other words, you have to live down and
live in Cuba together. Okay, thanks, Sally. Okay, we'll put 88.1. We don't know what the
collars are, but just put 88.1. I mean, obviously the people who listen to it don't know what it is.
Okay, maybe a little bit of a whole bunch of votes. What do you think? Got it now? No. We'll see.
Listen, anything that will promote more vote on there? It's wrong with that. Delays money,
laundering charges upheld. Money laundering charges against Republican Tom Delay. We're upheld yesterday.
Dashing hopes for reclaiming his post this house majority later, but the judges mischarges
laying to any conspiracy to violate Texas election code. But the judge said it was unlikely that
the case would go to Trump before the first of the year and asking him to be around, but it
goes, anyway, he's still in do-do. He's still in deep-do-do. Money laundering. His
assets are going to jail. And I think right there will be Bill Fistley right in there with him
and back hunting him, right? And who might leave him out? And Scooter Libya, of course. And Dick
Cheney and George Bush, they'll all be in the same cell block. We have Chippa off your old block.
And maybe we can get the rest of the fat ass governor's family in there too for the holidays.
They'll be home for the holidays just like Noel. You know, she'll be back where she belongs.
Hey Noel, she's got a nose for the good stuff. How many votes have we got on there? We got the
9.69. Like I said, I've read it refresh it. I bet you we got over 9.70 right now. A lot of people
now keep, this is probably the big topic of the water cooler, Ryan Tom. Do you know that you know
that noon head 1,500 votes today? 972. Well, of course, when you live in a place like South Florida,
what else is there to talk about? Hey, be sure to come out to Hurricane Highline. And I'd see a real
slab see bread from our sales department. What does this guy look like? Does he look like a typical
New Yorker? You know, like a young punk, the loud mouth, New Yorker kind of guy. He's a kind of a
long hair guy thinning on the top. Doesn't look that until he walks away. No, got a fat ass. Oh, yeah, huge.
Wow, that's, you know, it goes with the territory. I think we're being redundant. They're saying
big ass from New York. I mean, there's some nice New Yorkers out there. And more listeners
are probably from New York, but they didn't have to leave. But the ones that work on our station
are from New York. Most of them had to leave. Don't, don't, don't, don't. I can't go back.
This is Neil Rodney. This is Neil Rodney. This is 5.6.2.8.
It's an oil and moronic football callers. Baseball will never die. It's the greatest game ever
invented. Don't even talk about baseball if you can't respect it. I respect the United States
of America, Lou. For your information, Lou, the problem with baseball that air is not talk
so close like me. There's people like you who sit on your stick and butt up in Palm Beach
and never buy a ticket for a game. I buy season tickets. I must be in ticket holder, Mr.
Puma, who was named after a second rate cat. Mr. Puma, stick your radio where the sun
don't shine. I am our Hank Goldberg, Senator Dick. Who would bring you a 5-6-6-6-8?
It's Dave O.
If I have any child, I'd like to have 5-6-8-0 W-U-K.
On the pitch of Gary Spring. Welcome to the show, President Caini. This was you just a year ago.
He is exactly the leader we need for these times and we need him for four more years.
How did George get re-elected anyhow? That is job because he's a charming, sexy, good-looking,
and has great air. You in Georgia feuding. How come? The President lives in the American
people. And the thing about the WMGs. It is a lot. When's the last time T.W.
lives? Just this morning. And you said you can't even understand the man.
Could be stutter so bad. At the very least, we have a right to know what he is saying.
Dick, I got a surprise for you. This is what T.W. said about you backstage.
I admitted that Dick Caini's in touch. Oh, here's George now. Dick Caini's in the state for most of us.
It is a lot.
980 votes at that pool. We'll have a thousand by the bottom of the yard out even breaking us.
What? The bad news is I can't find my music channels on here.
Uh-oh. You know how they're all lumped together because my people make sense to me.
So there's like that's much music, which has always been the spot by itself.
But the other uh, I went through the whole guide.
And I can't find my music channels now. And now you've got me really aggravated because I'm trying to see all them like making...
That's right, they're at a commercial. Well, that isn't going to help me.
I can't find it. Oh boy, in my case, there's the prices right. You want to see Bob Archer?
Don't look at it. Life is not fair.
Well, that's for damn sure, Bob. You're still alive. I like Bob. Old Bob.
Well, look at that white here. We've got about 80 billion dollars. More money than God.
70 QAM. Hello.
One two two, old guy. QAM.
Hey! Yeah. What's up?
What do you got?
81 I think is one of them Christian...
Broadcast. They got Christian music.
I thought they said it's FIU.
Uh, well, maybe down top of this, but up here in the old part, I just heard of it.
It's pretty crazy.
No, how do you...
Well, I'll pray for you, pal. I'll pray for you.
Oh, speaking of that, I'm glad he mentioned that because I was thinking I left that out when I was talking about...
We got the Christian movies now. We got the Christian yellow pages. We got the Christian video games.
We also got Christian music.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Christian Rock. That's big business.
Like...
Yeah.
That's a good Christian rock for you.
You're fair.
Ah, well, maybe not.
God, I'm not good at it.
I don't know.
I wonder if you were when I was in David. He came in the...
I did a show from the house he came in with a bunch of simply based on the teenage boys.
And an embarrassing hair.
Oh, yeah, what's up?
Good guy, my boy. You got bad taste.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Even Jack Corte's those...
Okay.
Go, go, go, go.
Bracket, don't you?
Yeah.
George, you know this because it was highest in the title.
So anything is connected with fingers, right?
Flying ball.
This is active.
You can tell that.
I thought you'd do that a purpose.
No, no.
I think it's all the way through there.
A ball tie by...
Oh, if I had this handling sign, I know this.
Oh, there's not the beard.
The beard.
With a Y.
That sounded a little bit underneath it.
Is, uh, yeah.
I think it's going to be a bit...
I'll do it.
Just like a lady.
It's like a woman.
A lady.
567, where's that jury Lewis music rock, yeah.
I remember that rock you baby, the mixing melody, whatever that was.
He had actually a couple of hits on Decker Records, jury Lewis.
The A-sing or what?
His pitch head's still pretty big.
Uh-huh.
Not as big as it was though.
I like him better when his head was all swelled up like a watermelon.
567 or 565, in fact, he was not with Montel one day and he tried to eat him.
Try to eat his head.
Don't forget, come out to Hurricane Highline, the United 7PM with head coach Larry Coker,
Bernie Cossar, Stakehouse and South Miami.
If Brett from our sales department shows up, you have our permission to see them in the kneecap, okay?
WNQ-YM, hello.
2AM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, hi Neil.
I think you wish George.
Okay, good.
WNQ-YM, hello.
Hello Neil.
You notice what he calls now?
His phone is in there.
Brett, I'd like to wish George a very happy birthday here at the Church of Chath.
Uh-huh.
That's the other one.
Oh, the two warfriends on side by each.
WNQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, nearly.
The table is large.
I think it's important.
The table is large, apparently.
The table is large.
What about King?
I think it's pretty good.
King was small.
565,000, 05,60, 05,60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
I'm maybe talking about able danger.
Or maybe he's talking about city able.
Maybe he's a very hockey fan.
I don't think so.
722,YM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, 88.1.
I don't know.
I'm men in the car.
Is it Jesus for a channel?
No, but I guess it's the one that's the low power.
So if you're in South-Aid, you hear the F.I.U.
One if you're North-Aid, you hear some Christian Gensky station.
Correct.
One of the employees listened to it, and I just laughed.
Because every hour, it's happy hour.
They got like some, you know, part of the part of some George Bush.
Or something.
Yeah, good.
Yeah, I'm the bunch of men.
Listen, speaking of Nazis and the Jews that fell out to them, they had Umdurshawit and
Chowsky on a debate about Palestine and peace and the Middle East and stuff like that.
Right.
And Umdurshawit's need is that little mustache in the SS arm man.
Yeah.
And he would bid him perfectly.
I would have thought Noam Chowsky would tune him up and spit him out.
He did.
He's a great guy.
Yes he is.
He was melos and loki and this and this makes so much sense, though, you know, and it makes
so much sense.
Real come sorry.
You just keep in mind that Alan Duchiewicz was one of the OJ attorneys, who just keep
that in mind at all.
Yeah, you have to sell up.
Um.
And suggestion for a poll.
I know he's done it before, but you know there's all this talk about Iraq and everything.
You know, when should we leave Iraq?
You know, you know, I'm saying six months a year and then.
How about two weeks ago, circus sounds good to me.
Yeah.
OK.
OK, thanks Pallet.
And happy to nuka.
What radio station you listen to most from music I can feel a swelling in my kneecap must be arthritis.
Well, it's from the excitement from we got so many votes on here.
Oh, we got it right now. See, I didn't even look at my psychic powers again.
Remember the other day it was on Monday. It was yesterday. It was on Friday. I guess it must have been Friday.
I'd still be ill in the four years yesterday. Friday we had the VCS thing.
Right? And what was I talking about before the show? I'd never talk about the computers or the other stuff.
It would be if the thing ever went out. Right? And what do we do if that happens?
Because I don't think they make exactly the same unit no more. And sure enough that day's the day that it didn't want to reboot.
I'll never I'll never be leaving on my mouth so hard that I get like 7,000 things queued up.
And then I have to reboot it because that was a bad experience. It was rebooting in slow moe. Like real flow.
2012 votes. What radio station do you listen to the most for music? 88.1's got one.
Don't listen. They all suck 498.49.2% and you folks who say that music and self-auto radio sucks are absolutely positively.
You got your thumb right on it man. It's just embarrassing. It's a disgrace.
It's enough to make you want to take every radio you got and put in a biscuit and bathe.
Or put the people who are programming those stations at the bottom of the biscuit and bathe as a better idea.
Big WBGG 78. Magic 59. Kiss. WKISA Beasley Broadcasting Enbursement 55. Oh just kiss it.
7. Radio 49. Love 94.41. Underround Private Radio 39. The coast 26. Why 120? Hot 105.20. WKAPX. Piper high 19.
I think I got that call under from some bitch of Piper. I don't have somewhere in the DCS. I don't want to play it.
OK. WHCR 18. Power 96.18. WRMS 17. WDUN12. WDDR 11. Maybe 94.9. It's the new kid under block. The great rock station. It's got 10. That's not so great.
Life 10. WGNA 5. Radio hitmos that appear. WMIB 2. 88.1. Like I said, we have in 1. WAMR and Radio Romanceia.
I'm more in Romanceia, so let me take Uno, one piece and that's it. I keep telling Eric to take that WMG off here.
Don't have any because that's, but he would don't want to do it. He's involved with some meals right now.
So when he gets around to it, let's see. Yeah. What what is this? I don't know. I forgot.
Add 1620 KQV to your list. Great oldies. The songs that other stations forget KQV Rimmers is their slogan.
First of all, KQV is in Pittsburgh. At least it always was. And secondly, there wouldn't be any radio stations out there.
It would start with a K. The only reason that KQV and KDKA started with a K is because they were the one on the E-Lock and the early 20s when the first station went on the air.
And after that, all the stations, each of the minutes, it would be started with a W. And then right to the minutes, it would be started with a K. And it can't. It would a C-A.
Like C-KL, W-U and C-H-U-M. Otifator, C-H-U-M croaked over the weekend. Bad news. Good guy. C-H-U-M, a great station. 10.50 on the aisle.
In fact, you stole overlapped with WMGM in New York when they were taking payola. Peter Tripp, the crew had a kid in the third row.
Any idea what I'm talking about? No. So what does that KQV business? Maybe they'd want the stations to take their callers, do you think?
I don't know. Like Waxi. Waxi used to be FM. Remember those days Rick and Scud used to work there? And Greg Vidal. And by the way, Greg, everybody still hates you.
I'll do it. Travelosity presents the Roving Nome, denounceable of travel myths. Our first myth. If you fly for the holidays, you won't be able to afford a summer vacation next year.
Hello, place sure. With travel philosophy, you're going to great fan the holiday travel. Plus a discount on future air travel.
Myth number two. Proofs to San Francisco could be unwise for those who are unfamiliar with the city's many areas that cater to the kinky taste of those of an alternative lifestyle.
Don't give balls. I know this city like the back of my clothes. I'll be getting involved with the next stop with the trolley driver. I can't wait to see the Bruce Lee's film festival.
Better guy like you better be here. No, it'll be alright. I got it. I can barely read the signs. Oh, of this philosophy.
It's so free. Five favorites. Oh, thank God. You must be the dwarf they sent from the agency. I'm not a dwarf. I'm a gnome. I don't care if you're a pig. Get your ass in there. You're late. Why are you pushing me? It is this the fanta.
Or I do those are filming. Hurry. Hurry. Create the dwarfs of terror. Alright. The range for our colleges. Scene one. Action.
Come on, boys. Hold him down. The time for the examination. I can't. My not doing it. I got it.
So visit travelosily.com slash San Francisco. Even if you travel during the holidays, you can't afford a trip out west.
No, you can't afford it. I think I'm in game to a man. Where are you, little prince? Oh God, not again.
It's on the 31.29 till noon. And now KQV Pittsburgh is going strong and it's 1410 on the dial. And they have their own website obviously. It's a major radio station. So this idea of 1520 KQV in South Florida somewhere. Somebody needs some.
You know what I'm asking systems, you know what I'm saying? Alright, as usual. Anyway, I was there. Oh, that's right. The check is already in the envelope. And it's in the FedEx envelope. And it will be sent out tomorrow.
And it will be there on Thursday. Alright. I like that. See, I don't waste any time because two things could happen. I can either forget about it or even worse than that. I could change my mind. Or you could.
I could. Or I could. That's right. I could cross. I guess I probably better send it out today. That's something. No.
Like I said, the temperature is like 80 below zero. And I'm not walking that far. It's not all that far. But I'm not going over there.
And I'm sure it's not paying for the cab to go there and come back just so you can have the. Well, what are you going to do with it?
I'll do it between Wednesday and Thursday. What could you do with it? Lose it. Lose it. You'd spend it. That's right.
So, to live every day that goes by that you don't get it through as they give you plenty of time to cast a check, have the money or pocket. What they believe in?
I'm leaving Monday morning. Well, why would you do that? Why would you leave like on a weekend? I'm going to be there next week. I took the whole week off.
But you got extra days. I'm missing something here. Another right. If you have a vacation and you're not like we don't work on Saturday or Sunday, why would you leave on Monday?
Well, it anybody leave for a vacation on Monday who doesn't work on a weekend. Okay, well, you think about that one. What's the difference?
Yeah. Not the difference.
One.
Two.
Two.
One.
Get the money.
Money.
Oh, I've never already got it.
You're a good guy.
I did. Oh, but it was so good. I figured I'd play it again.
Oh, this is too easy.
It's not an agar program.
Even Josh does.
I'm just fine with it.
Thank you.
Oh, uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Yeah.
I don't know. Big saw. Guy high.
My god. Another song with high, you don't know it?
Sorry.
Oh, I heard it to the great playing, Marvin Gaye.
Well, how do you know it's Marvin Gaye and not the Gladys Knight in the family?
It is, you're right.
Anyway, we got over a thousand votes.
We got my 70s music, Explorers and From Time Life is here.
We got music. We got votes. We got promos. We got the homos.
What more can you want?
Oh, we have some Nicky Jennifer in the videos.
All right.
Lawyers for Jennifer Aniston have warned publications that they'll face an invasion.
Have you seen the cover of GQ, by the way?
I thought it. There she is.
They don't see like half a booby.
And she looks awfully anorexic to me.
She looks really skinny.
Yeah.
Little get a sandwich, honey.
We don't want other current carpet around our hands.
Looks a little better than Karen, but never left.
Lawyers for Jennifer have warned publications that they'll face an invasion of privacy lawsuit
if they print topless photos of the actress taking recently while she was apparently
sunbathing in a relay home.
In a blistering letter,
not just an ANC, a hostile, but a blistering letter
sent to celebrity magazines that turned the John Lavily.
Wrote that the publication of photos showing Aniston,
topless or when the act of taking off or putting on her top
would expose those titles to substantial monetary damages.
For a second there, I had a look at that word,
titles that says something else.
Both started with P.O.
Yeah.
And as December turd letter, a lot of Lavily wrote that the topless photos were taken by
Toporotso Peter Brand, who allegedly used a powerful telephoto lens from a perch
more than a mile away from Aniston's home.
Though the images TSD has learned what is TSD?
Oh, the smoking gun.
As long as it appears to have been set from a closer range,
Aniston's counsel pounced two days after Brand emailed the topless photo
at the magazine editors with a request to keep these pictures to yourself,
they must not find the way to the internet.
In a smoking gun interview,
Brand denied Lavily's trespassing allegations, saying that he's set the topless photos
from a public street, from a pubic place.
Brand who said that he has yet to see Aniston's loss,
who added that the images were not shot from a mile away,
since that would be impossible unless you have something from NASA.
The lawyer will find a copy that says of the Lavily letter which I got here,
which includes a few redactions requested by TSD source.
Lavily of the Powerhouse Lavily litigation from Lavily and Singer noted that
Addison has just filed a lawsuit against Brand and L.A. Superior Court
and that the stars London lawyers obtained a restraining order
bar and publication of the topless photos in the UK.
It says, speaking of legal threats, Lavily and Singer has previously
braided about Lindsey Lohan's father and Catherine Ziva Jones
supposed to die and exposed breasts, etc. and so on.
And then there's a threatening letter here about invading a privacy
and we are litigation counsel for Jennifer Aniston but it'll be, but it'll be, etc.
Anybody care? They want to see the pictures, but they don't care about the rest.
What I think that KQV thing is that like a diversionary tactic there
to try to get us to put on some bogus thing on the pool?
I don't know.
And it's going to happen. I'll tell you that right now. KQV is in Pittsburgh,
one of the pioneer, great radio stations, okay?
WMGE by the way, still on our pool of air refusers that they could offer there.
Why do you think that is? I don't know.
He's badly. Huh?
You know something that's a new scam we got.
Now he's probably not listening because now that we put the new pool on there
a day ahead of time, you know, have nothing to do no more.
So I guess Erick's going to probably have to be doing all those stories
when Josh's invocation all those days.
Right? He is.
I suppose. Have you told him Josh?
Yeah, I talked to him about it.
But I'm going to mention to him, mention it to him again.
Yeah, you better do that.
You better mention it to me again too because I like to know what day it was.
Well, I guess it is making difference because as long as I send him somebody's didn't I'm right?
That's correct.
Yeah.
I'll know some days that doesn't work out, but that's okay.
The price is right.
You folks are getting the news stuff for free on their good stuff.
Good that you won't read in your weekly reader every day.
I want to speak of that.
Varyngerson Woodruff, the new ABC anchors.
Boy, am I unimpressed by that?
I will not watch ABC news.
No chance.
Absolutely positively no chance.
I noticed that Brian Williams was like smirk,
a smirkling a little last time when he made the announcement on NBC.
Now we wish our competitors luck but not too much.
And they suck.
Like that.
I almost see him verbalizing they suck.
Maybe it was just all those teeth he's got.
He's really strange.
ABC news, named Elizabeth Vargas and Bob Woodruff,
co-anchors of World News today and Monday replacing Blade Peter Jennings.
Now, I've never replaced Peter Jennings.
I didn't like him either.
I didn't watch ABC news then.
So if he was so great,
do you think I'm going to watch them?
No chance.
Especially with their new Christian,
Christianizing America of the segment,
the last 10 minutes every night.
The network said World News tonight would also become the first network
even in the News of broadcast live,
each night in three time zones.
Isn't that something they're going to work their asses off?
Three chances to make some embarrassing mistakes live.
Vargas and Woodruff have been two of the chief substance anchors on World News tonight
since April that he had lung cancer in Diodog as seven
and went to hell and listen to Celine Dion music.
Charles Gibson also accepted for Jennings was considered a top candidate for the job
who is boring as a curdled milk.
Who remained as host of ABC's Good Morning America.
Charles Gibson.
Oh, he is so...
Oh, remember the other guy David Hartman,
he used to be on there?
Yeah.
They always hired the same kind of person to be on that show.
Very dull, lackluster, really boring,
kind of like Matt Lauer in the other place.
You know who I like, for whatever reason,
maybe he's just too dry,
but he certainly got more personality than those people.
And that's Harry Smith.
You know, like Harry Smith on CBS?
He's alright, it's just that show
and the people he's surrounded with.
No, no, he's not a bad show.
And the morning show always sucks,
but Harry Smith's pretty good.
In fact, a few times he filled in on the evening news
and did the incredible job he's fine.
And he also narrates a lot of those shows you'll see on A&E and Vigraphy.
Were you aware of that?
No, I wasn't.
Well, no, you are.
Anyway, Charles Gibson then get it.
The decision-makes would work in Bergusley.
First co-anchors of the evening broadcast newscasts,
Dan Radher and Connie Chung briefly worked together
with the CBS news in the 90s.
That worked out very, very well.
Not.
Almost as good as Harry Reesner and Barbara Wallaw.
Not.
Terrible.
ABC's world news today is ranked second in the NEO-SIM-MEDY research rankings.
It's been fading a bit lately,
the NBC's first place, Nightly News.
Nightly News sponsored by Brian Warr-
and I'm sure by Brian Warr-
and CBS is still searching for a replacement for Radher who left in March.
A mid-report that is seeking NBC's Katie Kirk for the job.
That would be a bad mistake.
Not as bad as putting old Fuddy-Duddy,
Oki-Doki-Bob Sheeper on there, but pretty close.
Elizabeth and Bob together will be the anchors for this new broadcast
and digital age of world news tonight.
ABC News president David Weston said.
He said, Praise the Lord and bless Jesus,
or on the other way around.
Their experience is your unless they're familiar to our audiences
and their commitment to gathering and delivering the news
anywhere anytime and every way making the right team.
Yadi-yadi, I'd love to double talk, a lot of crap.
These three separate newscasts will begin on January 2,
as well as ideally webcasts with the Vase-Nop Stories.
Vargas 43 has been Coenker ABC's 20-20,
and she'll keep that job.
Woodware 44 was one of ABC's two-course funds for Katrina.
It's back for the weekend, the world news tonight.
He's a very, very dull, lackluster-born perfect for ABC.
This is Neil Rudder.
This is 560-1860.
Who's up in the way in a matter?
All day long, watch the fight crime!
Write some wrong, but ever since the time I turned on a TV
The mad guy's a proud and the guy didn't bring the shotgun oven.
And he's calling me.
Welcome, Robin.
The stage is coming out.
Fuller ovens is here.
Let's get together tonight.
Bad thing.
By the darkness, that guy has offered end zone.
Where Ben could get their costume from.
Still the doom special would go at full.
That that's going to the belt again and use.
So the shotgun oven.
Oh, that's a ho-oh!
I was driving Robin  on mate.
That fast, really gotta fail again tonight.
I Lightning safely on pilot.
Get me goin' on.
That's a boyboy didn't have to do this.
I see the immense badness as the ramen got to tell you this.
I'm tired of saving you every single show.
Harry and Mary were caught in God's will.
Go to the socket of it, go to the bathroom.
Stop and robbing.
Oh, holy demolition.
Boy, it's understepping his foot.
What's beginning to die?
Right, the whole night, Harry.
Bought the night.
Holy moly.
Oh, holy moly.
Oh, holy moly.
Oh, holy moly.
It's 14 to noon.
We got more Howard David back from his travels at two o'clock today.
And Bo Bo Bo camper.
The Bo Maister at four from Adog.
And then I'll let Harry came stuff.
In fact, come out to your weekend hotline tonight at seven o'clock
when I coach Larry Coker at Bernie Cowsr,
steakhouse in South Miami.
The reason we have to keep repeating that over and over again
is because they promised them like 85 million reads
on these liners, you know?
That's partly as part of the Q&M scam.
They were actually getting any spots.
Remember when we went through that whole deal before
with a couple of years ago?
With who?
Miguel.
Yeah.
And they promised that the sales holes go out there
and they sell these packages and include like,
oh, you're going to get 45 million reads on the air
and they mention, and no spots though, but, you know,
other than, they're only like $5 million.
Oh, two million.
Two million.
Two million.
Two million.
Probably around, though.
Most out of weighted great group in history, man.
I mean, not that they're not heavily appraised,
but not enough.
Uh-oh.
Not that such a thing.
I'm trying to go all the way today.
Jonathan Edwards, get away.
Oh, I just did that.
Yes, you did.
That was the greatest night, by the way, not just the joke.
I'm going to go to our board.
Carly's coming.
You're something.
Oh, they win.
Check the Board.
  I don't know.
Their tastes are good.
Friend's been choral.
b
BOY there's a lot of stuff.
Is CHI?
Yeah, baby.
I know.
Baby, it's good.
God will see you ugly.
Baby, I'm a needy.
Good voice, but man.
You're the only one I care enough to tell you about.
Oh no, your favorite Elvis.
Oh my God.
Another silly song.
A suspicious mind.
Pop another kill off his phone.
You can do it.
I'm gonna get all the time and all the time.
I don't know what to say.
I'm going to go on a killing.
I don't know what to say.
Yeah, I'm gonna go on a killing.
Oh boy, I just look at you.
Oh, you're playing this game.
Somebody go on.
What was that great slick or what?
Okay, and after the music now,
audience gets really psychotic.
Although we do have a music oriented poll today.
What radio station do you listen to most for a music we ask?
and we've got 75 million votes.
Holy Toledo Ratman.
Oh, 1996.
How is this possible?
We're going to have like way overload our votes by noon?
Man.
Some people must be voting more than once.
Probably PDs, if you're like Bob Hamlin cranking out that magic crap.
You know, and it's interesting, most of the songs that are on these discs that I'm playing
here that you're guessing, you won't hear them on magic.
No, I know that because I've been checking them with for radio stage.
Oh no.
I'm not thinking.
You're hoping.
But here's songs that you really want to hear again on these stations.
One radio station was in the main station.
Don't listen.
They all suck.
521, almost 48%.
Big WBG 83 satellite radio, 72.
You see, I told you that satellite radio was going to take off, didn't I?
Not.
No, I did not.
I did not.
I don't know.
Magic 63.
KISS 58.
Love 94.
44.
Underground, slides, power radio, 42.
The coast, 28.
It's 82 along the coast.
Why 122?
How one 105?
How 100?
Yeah.
How 105 is God 21?
WHDR is God 20, WKPX 20.
Pretty embarrassing when a high school radio station with about 7 watts is up there in
the middle of the pack competing with these other ones.
Pretty sad, but gross to show you.
In fact, power 96.
19, but VUM17, WVUM, WRMF17, EDR dozen, mega 94.9 has got one, was got 11, life 10,
WLIF, the slush of your life.
All the northern is they like you because remember when they, in the winter time when it
gets snowy and icy and starts melting in the spring, walking to that slush, that's
where they like the life.
They like slush.
They're conditioned to it.
JNA has got seven, whatever that is.
I don't know JNO, JNA, J, whatever, J-EW, MRB3, 88.1 has got a pair.
Radio and of course, didn't know which one that is, but that makes it more fun.
Radio did mode 2, AMR1 and RMA1, 111 vote.
They're coming in in big chunks, big gigantic chunks.
Those are pouring in here today.
My God, will people as Democrats defecate inflation?
Let's see, it says, I followed your advice.
This fact, I've got the Gillette Pivot Plus ticket to my pirate's private, I say, Al-Ajoe
Castello.
I read that private Al-Ajoe Castello, if that was something on the menu somewhere, on
a French restaurant menu.
I also would like to wish George and Ava a happy birthday.
Can you play for me and my friend, freeway and spigots, is Sergio and Haile, him and his
friend, we get to drift to that Sergio, or you kiddin'.
Yes, I will.
We get around to it.
I want to take about 4,000 calls also.
I mean, this is kind of a pressure pack that's only Tuesday?
Oh, the Tuesday.
No, that's not right.
It just is not right.
It could be Friday.
It should definitely at least be Thursday.
It should be like looking upon Friday and March.
Anyway, I got that check in the envelope sitting on that FedEx package back there.
I am so organized, man.
See, this is one thing when you start getting old.
You have to do things like right now when you're thinking about it, because like 30 seconds
later, I forget what you were going to do.
Although I've been doing that for about 40 years anyway.
Did you ever do that?
You're sitting watching TV and all of a sudden you've got to like, you're either going
to go up and get the laundry out of the dryer or you're going to do something.
Oh, all the time.
And then you get distracted for about 5 seconds, like maybe our MTV is on.
And then you get up and like, well, what was it getting up to do it?
I'm like, I'm a foot down.
I can't even make it across the room.
Yeah, well, what I got up for.
That figure is that's the QA and that's the whole stuff order where your syndrome got
to you.
Started with Mike Disney and it's gotten worse.
72 way and hello.
Hey, I'm not afraid to personally.
I still got my stuff taken, discreet from the anthrax care.
But um, see you.
72 way and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
You got any Bob's figure on there?
Do I have any Bob's figure?
Yeah, on those TV's you got.
I bet the George has got some Bob's figure there in his mustache like like a white while
it's something special.
Yeah, I'll just get a little Bob's figure.
Yeah, we don't like Bob's figure.
It's going to be Troy.
There you go.
There you go.
Hi, Moon.
I'm Cockamoon.
He likes Moon.
He's also got Shabla to do.
Oh, we're dead.
Well, maybe he likes to moon the audience.
What do you think?
Cockamoon.
Oh, yeah, here we go.
Dad, dad, dad.
Okay, that's enough Bob's figure for me.
Thank you for this month, for this year.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
No, I agree, sir.
I'm hoping some KP actors still have 3000 watts, but they're having some problems with
the pirates right now.
That's why I can't really pick them up down south.
I'm sure this problem, the pirates are blocking out the radio while.
It's not even baseball season.
It's shivering capabilities.
Yeah.
And 88 one of the call letters are WRGP and the Transmitters down at home, like 200 watts.
So you can't really pick it up much further than like Bird Road.
Down my amoeu.
WRGP, we might have to put that on it, but I doubt it.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
No problem, let's take it easy.
There's a guy that's sitting right on their tower and you can barely hear it.
Kind of like the old light bulb WFTO.
And nighttime was...
Kind of like our single man really blows.
But we're digital, aren't we?
We're like digital, we're stereo.
We're stupid, we're...
Absolutely.
We're a hoiny, toy, and we're our single sucks.
What do you think of that?
Here's a big chainy.
2005.
Oh, yeah.
He's talking about when his pacemaker's going to run out.
Well, good, and everyone gives him more about three weeks.
W, W-A-A-Holo.
Not there.
Q-A-M-Holo.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Although they drive me up in the wall when they say they're going to play classic rock,
and they end up playing corporate rock.
I'm going to vote for big 105.
0.9.
Yeah, yeah, they...
I mean, when they say classic rock, it should be cream, like Zeppelin stones.
Everybody's been said to get Kansas and Florida.
Yeah, all right.
Well, they're going to be very leased.
Oh, there you go.
There you go.
Oh, no.
How the sheep posted my bedroom back in the wall.
I guess that isn't what he had in my brain.
I probably had him more like this.
So, wait.
Oh, right.
Hello.
I love you.
Want to tell me your name.
Oh, go, go.
I love you.
I love you.
Let's jump in your game.
No, I love you.
I love you.
Want to tell me your name.
Now, here's this song that I don't think I know.
I'm looking into you.
Oh.
Oh, no.
I'm going to say my name.
I'm going to say my name.
Oh, no.
I'm going to say my name.
That's a song.
I'm going to say my name.
I'm going to say my name.
I want you to listen to the saxophone.
Do you hear that?
I heard it.
Listen to that again.
I've mentioned you in all the 80 million times you watched that show.
And I only watched it when Scott Bale was on.
For obvious reasons.
But you never heard that.
I'm listening to the last day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
Happy day.
What a day.
What a day.
What an awful thing.
You guys are all.
I'm listening to my name.
Happy time.
Happy days by Pratt and McLean with brother love.
I to that because more people in the world
who had any ideawho sang that for the theme song.
Pratt and McLean with brother love alive.
Figured of love, there's Love in the ear...
Already smelled it.
Coming up The Love Fest from Tudorfor the Moldmonister back today.
Love in the ear.
And I ran away, right through this little place.
My story is by 16th of the looping.
It's brought to you by the Legend 12.
One two group book by 670.1112,
the Lices of Pizza.
All for me!
A-air, a-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Turned about.
Where are thousands of ghosts?
Listen.
Turn to the hall.
Hello, water's warm.
I'll say you're coming here often.
I may.
And you've been here before.
No, first time.
What's your name?
Three way.
Three way, that's nice.
One figure.
Please, the nature.
They guessed it right in here.
Ah, you were here to guess the Queen?
Oh, I don't know.
You worked around here?
I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor, you know.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
What's your topic?
You probably need to rely on.
Oh, outside.
But, you know, with everything that's in the news and all,
it's just, hey, you can start relaxing right now.
Three way.
I brought something.
Ooh, she, and three way.
Not just any two either.
Look.
Wow, gold, lame.
Pretty candy condom.
But here's the most important part, three way.
Making the Pro-Techs label.
Pro-Techt, huh?
Aren't those in dorms?
By the city council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the Pro-Techs logo.
I sure do.
Certified, safe by the city by the Bay.
Well, what do you think?
Darns, look at that.
I trust to self again.
I'll get in.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because three way in speak it have.
CUM, GO, ZEN.
Don't let worry for all those chance meetings
in public showers.
Always carry Pro-Techs.
The ROC-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-A-M-E-S-K-D.
The ROC-C-C-C-C-C-B-N-Y-S-F-No, A-P-L-L-E-D.
I don't doubt know what it's all about.
The Pro-Techs, see, so they won't send you a ring.
Pro-Techs condom, under vision of Black Flag,
House of Guadalupe has controlled the vision.
Keeping situation safe since 1887.
Blackdom is promo to a Q-I-M.
1130 votes at 12 o'clock.
Man, I can just see it now.
Now they're going to cure us, you know,
across the street.
Now they're going to really get the same
bite as dancing their path.
Oh, yeah, 1130 votes at noon.
Yep, it started last week.
It started in September of the last year,
but nevertheless, I'm pretty impressed.
And I'm kind of tough to impress me, not.
Oh, anyway, speaking of that.
Why, I just, I've got to, I want to hear it again.
I want to hear it swing and horn.
Oh, you'll know it.
Well, one second.
Hey, no.
Now, you remember the movie of play Misty for me
with Clint Leoud and Jessica, one of her name was.
That's the thing.
Being a friend, is it?
No, no.
Although it does sound like that.
No, but the music in the, it was great soundtrack
in that movie.
Yeah.
When he was driving up the Hershey Highway there
in Carmel, you know, along the West Coast Highway.
And the music, listen, man.
That's what Mr. Mindsman.
Boy, you're being serious.
Right there.
See that sound?
Check that.
Eight Ring No Bell.
Let's see for one of those.
Right here.
It's here.
Oh, oh, man.
See that?
Oh, it is this.
That's just the one of my seven.
Well, one of them is that.
I'll give it a clue on that.
It just died not too long ago.
Bill Madly and Bobby Hattfield, aka the Madly Brothers.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I don't know.
You'd better get right to this man.
Right, sorry.
You better get right to this man.
That man made that movie earlier.
That's what he said about it.
Yeah.
It's a pretty duty smell.
That's what I'm talking about.
It's my combative.
You're seven out of drug music, man.
Drug music.
Get your job.
You guys are lost of your name.
When you were a boy, when you rights was a child.
First, you're a any music is drug music,
but that's the point.
Let's see.
Or you won't know this.
Maybe you will.
Well, let's go.
Yeah, let's just go kid.
My kids told me you know that one.
Piece of cake.
I know it.
Hey, no.
Oh, no, sorry.
Sorry, I'm not your lady.
Okay, it's enough of that.
So here's that story that I threatened you with earlier.
Jewish leaders to devise strategy.
And it's about time.
Okay, somebody's got to put up their hand.
Whether it's the Muslims, the Jews, the atheists, the agnostics,
all of these people, all of these all of these things.
And say, okay, all you we're crazy.
Goi'am out there enough already.
Goi'am gone wild.
The sound like hotcakes.
The new video series.
Goi'am gone wild.
A group of Jewish leaders meets in New York this week to develop a response
to the religious right, which they say is eroding civil liberties
and planning to crystallize America.
That's the movement correction.
Led by Abraham Foxman.
Oh, a national director of the ADL and Rabbi Eric Yaffe, president of the Union
for Reform Judaism.
The private meeting is set for today's assistant to Mr. Yaffe.
Actually, today being yesterday is in the what is this in?
Washington Times.
Both men were unavailable for comment Friday.
New organization would develop details of the meeting, including who's
attending at Wurth being held.
But the meeting is the culmination of a month of attacks by Mr. Foxman,
Mr. Yaffe.
I'm conservative Christian groups starting with Mr. Foxman's speech
in November 3rd in ADL, functioning in New York.
We face a better finance, more sophisticated, coordinated, unified,
energized, and organized coalition of groups in opposition to our policy
positions on church state separation.
And ever before he said their goal is to implement their Christian world view
to Christianize America to save us.
The team fillings he said were the Colorado based Colorado Springs based
focus on the family.
The Scottsdale Arizona based Alliance Defense Fund, the Tuple or Mississippi
based American Family Association, and the Family Research Council based in
Washington.
The issue was serious enough for us to develop a strategy and clearly our first
task is to win the support of the American public.
Mr. Foxman said we also need to come together with other Jewish organizations
and to fight allies beyond our community.
On November 19th, Mr. Yaffe compared the religious right to Nazis.
What's about time they caught on, right?
We understand those who believe that the Bible opposes the emergency.
Even though we read that the text in a very different way, the Rev.
I said we can't forget that when Hitler came to power in 1933,
one of the first things he did was band gay organizations.
Criticism has been strong among conservative leaning Jews, sellouts.
Foxman loves to win about the religious right now, the destroying religious
liberty in America said Don Feeder, president of Jews against anti-Christian defamation.
Jews against anti-Christian defamation is wanting to keep God in the
pleasure of allegiance Christianizing America is opposition to gay marriage
Christianizing America is efforts to keep public displays of the tank
commandments Christianizing America if so Moses was a Christianized
reset to which I say holy Moses and Cobbman dreared.
I didn't like that.
That was a Christian either.
I thought it was an even idea.
He didn't even know Yosuke for Christ's sake.
567.0560, well they were all womanizers back in the day.
There was a lot of beginning and beginning and forgetting I guess.
Oh wow.
Damn it.
Far back.
Yeah, we like to right now.
How bad.
I can't stop it.
No, but it sounds like it though.
Oh, what's that?
I'm holding something.
That hurt.
You know you can stop anytime now.
Really?
What?
What that?
Peace in my heart.
Yeah.
Peace in my heart.
Yeah, that was a piece of something.
Oh man, that's it.
Oh.
Remember I told you about Alan O'Dayne how he looked like Ron Jim?
I mean, I don't think I ever saw a logo before I saw this in from where he's from.
Have you ever seen him?
A logo?
A logo.
I thought that was a band.
Well, but he's the only logo is a guy.
I have to know how appropriate that he's Harry.
Oh, he's so ugly he makes me look like Brad Pitt.
Got it?
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Yeah, I got it.
Yes.
So, man.
But he only got a great voice just like David Gates.
God kind of spreads it around.
He doesn't want to give you a great singing voice and then have you look good too, you know.
Like Tom Brady probably can't sing a lick.
What radio station?
Yes.
What?
No, you had a line there.
But I did not have any line.
You're the one with the line.
You're the one with the line.
You're the one with all the imagination.
Did you have the line?
The mission of the United States and our coalition will continue to change as necessary.
Oh, we?
Yeah.
We know exactly what your mission is and what you're all about.
The mission of the U.S. as long as he's in there with his partner in crime is basically
kids of people, right?
And we're doing a hell of a job of that.
Okay, what do we got so far?
1149 votes.
We'll be way over 1200.
I think we got to start at 14 today.
What do you think?
That could be a, I don't think we done that.
Except maybe in the early on days.
We had all those, all those people listening who had no business listening, who don't, who hate us like poison.
Never listen before.
We'll never listen again until the next contrived crisis.
Have it in do with much about much to do about nothing.
Anyway, don't listen.
They all suck 545.
47.2%.
Don't blame it.
Satellite radio is climbing up there.
87.
Howard hasn't even started yet.
How do you like that?
Once Howard gets on, they were all done.
BGG 84.
Magic 66.
KISS 59.
Under ground pirate radio.
45.
Love 94.
44.
For 94.
The coasts, look at the coasts got, got third man.
Why 100?
Maybe they're like Michael Bolton.
Why 123?
KPX 21.
Whether they're 14 watts.
Hot 105.
21.
WHDR 20.
Power 96.
Got 20.
Not our crowd at all.
PUN 19.
RMS 18.
I think RMS not too bad.
Not great, but compared to the rest there.
So-so.
R13.
MN 94.9.
That's the new big smash success.
They only got a dozen.
I think you said it was pretty good.
What?
MN 94.
The former Zeta.
Well, that's where you didn't even know what it was.
Oh, that was good.
Light 10.
JN 87.
MIB 388.12.
That's WRGP.
Radio hitmo has got a pair.
Radio Amores got one.
And Radio Ramansia's got one.
See, that's definitely-
You tell me about all these Julios.
Listen to what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The only right is saving this.
The only right is saving this.
The only right is saving this.
This is sent a mail computer for tools pena.
This is sent a mail computer for tools pena.
Set Title starting start from now.
Oh were yoking?
This ain't a song, but you know what I mean.
When it's first of all, it's a fine song.
Not very talented, but she's a sexy, it's a crime.
Now you see her everywhere, that's her body down, that's the doubt.
When you see her she's ugly, it's her commercial for Gloria.
The other girl that's jealous, and you have to be fair.
Very happy once in a day, people are Gloria.
Gloria, everybody call it, because everybody wants you.
All the other girls are falling, but she couldn't care less.
Of all the red costumes, they feel the best, they call Gloria.
Gloria, I think we got your number.
Hey, why is everybody in here?
Thank you for playing us up.
And I think you've always met us.
When you are in somebody, you can have this thing for free.
Gloria, Gloria, Gloria.
I told you I wasn't Gloria.
I was even Gloria.
I'm told not to be the FedEx waver right now.
That's just me, I'm Mr. Efficiency.
I just don't know what it is.
That's probably why I'm going to cook pretty soon.
I'm going to tell them later.
Are you ready to do it now?
That's just me.
If I got a little chore to do, I do it right now.
Get it out of the way.
I don't like having things like a list building up.
Oh, you got to do this.
Yeah, I don't like that.
Too much pressure.
I like no pressure.
That's why I like not being there.
In fact, I've decided that right at two o'clock, right when the little hand hits the big hand,
I'm taking this and I'm marching right over there.
I don't care if it is like a few blocks.
I got to walk in the freezing cold because at least I get it over with.
Well, unless Brett wants to talk to you after the show again.
I got news for it.
If Brett comes in there, it's Josh's department now.
Anybody comes in there once they talk to me at two o'clock.
It's Josh's job to punch out their lights and just make sure that I get out here too.
I got to six o'clock this and this baby out today and it'll get there tomorrow.
By the way, I'm putting George's name on it because if I put Josh's name on it,
they'll know it's a check and they'll never get it.
Somebody will intercept it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How about...
Oh, no.
That's to it, now you just...
What are the great mysteries of my life?
I don't understand that whole phenomenon.
I don't get it.
Well, for the most part, he writes his own stuff.
Can he sing?
Does he look good?
Does he sing?
No, he's got his course like he hear there.
Oh, he's gross.
Everybody take a place.
And now you're getting to the modern.
Well, this is the Legends ones.
The other ones we did all before the show.
I don't want you to have you showing off because you know all the other ones are on there.
We ran through about eight discs before the show this one.
So I guess I'll have to get the hits of the 60s from the worldwide.
Oh, God.
It's good stuff, man.
And of course, the fact that I can sit in here and crank it up on these great speakers.
Wow.
Holy moly, man.
It's good stuff.
As opposed to like during the show.
Crank it up.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay, so there's another thing I don't know.
I'll sit at him.
The middle of my KFC chicken chop to lunch.
Oh, here we go again.
You ain't hodocrome, Paulson.
Absolutely correction.
Oh.
That was just, I nailed that baby one.
He moved out of here.
I'll put it on.
Let's keep it next.
Yeah.
Stop dragging it around in my heart, too.
Okay, what have we got here?
Frank speaking of that, Frank's lesbians crossed the belt's in border to have babies.
Oh, and he has the stories chopped off.
You know, I've done everything I can with a margin, you know, I just, unless you do the print preview on easy, it's the way it goes.
Frank's lesbians have been crossing the border to Belgium and search for a medical procedure to get pregnant,
which are denied in France.
And it's creating a newsroom of baby boom at Belgium, fertilization clinics in Belgium.
We're welcome without any judgment said Marie Pierre make, make coup, 41.
And her partner, Natalie Bassett, 43, a midwife who can see three boys by artificial insemination.
More and more women are making the trip from Paris to Brussels.
They have children through artificial insemination by an anonymous donor said, Frank Tangi, who works with an association of homosexual parents and wannabe parents.
Oh, I know a lot of wannabe parents.
I had to.
Did they want to be?
Oh, I know comment.
Last year, 72% of the patients for insemination from sperm donors came from France and the majority of them were lesbian according to Dr. Ann Delbarray, head of the fertility clinic at the Rasmian Hospital in the Belgian Capital.
Since the clinical events on 15 years ago, she said it's never rejected the request of lesbians and single women,
but it may not be able to continue to meet the demand of the, from the influx of French patients.
They're pouring in there from France.
They were French dicks.
I don't want to.
I don't want to read the whole thing on here. It's in the middle lunch time.
Let's get you all whipped up into a frenzy.
I'd rather hear...
I'm telling you, do do do.
I just like it when I worked on Zeta.
I just like it until I heard it.
Yeah, you don't like it, no.
No.
Or as your good friend there, they used to do that midday, Gonzo's lunch, stiff Gonzo used to say,
John Cougar-Mellon Balls.
But was he a panic or what?
He was a real...
I think we're back to where we started.
Did I just do that?
Well, that must have been from a different disc.
He's trying to...
That's Steven's.
That's my favorite.
Hello, this is Albert Kaita from Charlie Van Records, inviting you American into the box to buy latest cat Steven's collection.
You know my homies, right?
You said you had a good party.
Got a mix-setting with the real-shot plate.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Mendoza and Mendoza.
I was only hooting disc.
I was on an airplane.
And suddenly this detainment, their matches I can burst.
And where I tell them I hear.
I'm in for a buy-in-ass 16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You know, just don't mess your fault.
And wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find our skin.
And around.
If you want a detainment.
I love our variation of a classic.
I ask myself every day.
Which American should pay?
Tell me who you are, which is lame.
I love the city of your brother.
I'm coming to the mega-bombe.
She let her veiled and extroster.
Buy Newcastle ever collection today for 1995.
Or you can pay with B-Dram Masler card or weapons of masking to us.
That's the only reason I love that.
And you can't relate to it anywhere near as much because if you were up here, you'd understand.
Believe me.
We don't make those sounds out here.
Not like we got here.
Trust me when I tell you.
I already did.
While I was interrupted.
I hear you and I got like this.
Yeah, Dr. Maiai is the action brown.
Brown?
No.
He's white.
Oh, another person that we despise like the aliens.
You're talking about them.
No.
Billy Joel or maybe AstroFastball tabtala.
Everybody, yeah.
See, we're getting into the songs that Josh recognized.
Oh, that's bad.
Like I said, I'm going to give him the hits of the 50s, the 1850s.
There's nothing wrong with maybe Josh can chime in or I want to be his all the way down it.
He just want to take a chance on missing out and then like making a bad mistake.
Although I have that whole thing, I'm telling you, I'm so efficient like I got that thing made out.
The FedEx shipping label is already in the package.
It's ready to be on the way.
Let me pat myself on both shoulders.
Nice job, Neil.
Thank you.
How many votes have we got on a poll today?
This is a banner day, 11, 87.
I mean, 80 seconds, we're going to be over 1200.
We got our real shot paper at 14 under the day during the show, during the show.
And I haven't even hinted at tomorrow's poll today.
We'll do that in the next star.
I'll hint at it because there might be a couple of other choices on there, but I doubt it.
Thanks again, whatever your name is.
What's his name?
It sends all the polls.
Sean.
Sean.
Thanks, Sean.
Oprah Sean.
27 pass, no.
And the mole man, the mole Howard, David did it, did it, did it, did it, covered along the two o'clock.
That should be really a hoot.
And then you got bow for, you got mowing and bow.
Because we got no mad dog today.
Hurricane in the hotline.
Don't forget to come out to Hurricane Hotline tonight, 7 o'clock with head coach, Larry Coker.
And Bernie Coast, our state house in South Miami, spend a lot of money because they got to make the money back at Brett's hopped up all the free food.
And that pig, disgusting, obnoxious.
He's everything people hate about New York.
Even Stan Berkson, Evan Chahason.
Hey, the truth is, when you hear the compare, you'll see why Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
In South Florida, only Ford delivered the shop.
That is Armstrong Ford, home sip, which have been telling you for a long, long time.
The holidays are here.
Maybe your car was damaged during the hurricane.
Or you just want to give yourself a nice gift for the holidays.
A great new ride.
Well, now's the time to get on down and see your good friend David Rich.
And let David put you behind a wheel of a new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford, home sip, he got some fantastic, unbeatable offers and incentives.
Gives you yourself a $1,000 cashback or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500 or freestyle.
Get 5 grand cash back on our store-wrestth edition.
How about 2000 cash back on a scape and $2,500 cashback on focus? Certain restrictions apply.
When you buy a Ford for Armstrong Ford, you get their exclusive, unheard of anywhere in the universe deal.
Tires and batteries for life. That's why you heard right. Tires and batteries for life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford, home sip will guarantee you the best price.
And because they say locally owned and operated joint, they'll treat you like family to make you a customer for life.
They want to see you again and again.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anyplace, no bait and switch, no phony deals.
Call David Rich at 305-247-5112 until David you want the needle deal.
Armstrong Ford, home sip, there were 307-25 South Dixie highway.
Just 20 easy minutes south of the 836. Check them on the web.
ArmstrongCars.com and drive a few miles extra to save thousands at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is New Roger. This is 5.16.2.8.
The
Bows and soda the bill.
Oh! That's a looping.
Oh!
Oh!
That's the time it goes.
And now that the love is gone.
The travel is moving back to writing the book and then...
...leaves for...
...for follow.
Bight!
Ooooo!
1234-26-1Q and I guess the bottom line is we're not too fine to Buffalo.
I do like watching the Buffalo affiliates though.
The Anebert Affiliates 24 and 7.
And we're in heaven.
They're pretty good news, cance.
Yeah?
George must have been...
I've taken a...
Right here, but you're talking sports stuff, right?
About the network of affiliates in Buffalo? Has to do with sports?
Oh, you said Buffalo's gone.
Yeah, that immediately goes...
No, I was talking about Buffalo in general. Not to sports teams.
We know about it.
There aren't B-8 teams that isn't too good.
And man, I've said that they're major league baseball team as a wanna game yet.
But the fact of the matter is it's a horrible place.
Even Cheek to Wanda, which there used to be.
They had a great Polynesian restaurant there that I loved.
Long gone.
Even Cheek to Wanda sucks.
And the Pew, forget about it.
The Hamburg well.
5.6705.60.
What do you say about...
How do you feel about...
Is it?
That's hard, heartbreaking.
Well, it's so good we gotta do it.
Nice recovery.
Cut it on the first bounce.
Too late.
Too late.
Oh, come on.
Carol's...
Sorry.
Sorry Carol.
She's a mainline.
She's a mainline.
She's a mainline.
Tell her to choose a hand from over.
Yeah, she's a mainline.
Pretend she's a mainline.
Pretend she's a mainline.
Pretend she's a mainline.
How are your favorites?
I can't find that big because I don't know what the name is.
I thought it was me and Bobby McGee or something.
I think it was a what if.
What if Bobby McGee were a...
Oh, they were a bit?
No, it's a...
It's a...
It is called what?
It's not a my GPS.
It's not a my GPS.
It's not a my GPS.
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
What's the thing?
The thing?
The thing is, what is all of that?
The TSOP and DMSS.
And DMSO, if you rub on your arthritis.
Rub on your arthritis.
Okay, cut up.
No.
Two water.
That bit.
It's total apricot.
I want to hear Josh telling an A of Ds.
You know?
Well, it's not that big.
Wait, man.
I bet neither one of you knows what this one is.
It's like...
See, you don't know it.
It's time's up.
I don't know.
It's just a little stuff.
Living for the city was Steady Wonder.
Don't make you wonder.
Don't stop believing.
You really sound like a shabby.
You're getting the dumbin' ass.
That's why I'm stupid, by the way.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Easy.
Go come easy.
Spy.
I... yeah, a thing knows.
It's drummer.
Full speedo.
Oh, great, I'm sorry.
I'm good to stop.
Man, I see a talent or what.
Oh, okay, that's all he has for now.
Everybody like Dringo.
They did?
Everybody.
First, Dringo.
Oh, I see.
As opposed to George Harrison?
Right.
What did he do about him?
No, he don't.
Oh, I see.
He was just a good guy.
He was an okay guy, as well, to say.
He just over prayed to him.
He kept his mouth shut.
He didn't run around to talk about all the drugs he was doing.
Oh, I speak to him, your boy, Elton.
Veteran, British rockstar, Elton, John, civil partnership, civil-rens,
long-term love, David Furnish.
Well, take place in the same venue as the civil wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla.
The announcement came yesterday.
On the new day, on the day that new laws came into force in Britain allowing gays to
pledge their trough and into a virtually the same legal rights as heterosexuals, yadi-adi-adi.
New and now, paparole, they will not only follow the ear into the British throne,
but legally binding his relationship with the Canadian filmmaker with Jill Hall in
Windsor, west of London, not Windsor, Ontario, but Windsor, England,
but have the same official role over the events.
It's like in the House of Windsor, the AP, the House of Baton,
Virgo, is Nazi, a German or a British?
Do you live here?
Claire Williams, with the superintendent of Registrarity,
we're a borough of Windsor to give her a full title.
We'll officiate in the private December 21st ceremony,
long-side experience, fellow registrar, Peter Edwards.
Always good to have an experienced fellow registrar.
Williams who performed the Royal Civil Wedding at the Guild Hall in April this year,
said she was delighted.
This celebrity couple had chosen the historic 17th century venue.
David Furnish, who is from Canada.
I guess what kind of apartments are going to live in?
I don't know.
Flax?
Furnish.
Same size merit, let's see.
Civil partnerships are gamers and convenient, not strictly accurate,
short-hand.
I can't read this.
This goes on.
There you go.
David and Goliath.
Oh, we're going to hook it up.
It's that sweet.
They're hooking it up, yeah.
It's kind of like when you get a new vacuum cleaner.
You hook up the hose.
Now let's see, what radio station you are when you know Bubba,
you hook them up with some hose?
126 volts.
We're going to make something today.
We're going to say cottage.
We're going to certainly break that 1300.
We've been stuck in at, uh, rock 13, 13, 13, you know,
over and over again.
13, not good.
What radio station, listen to the most from music.
Don't listen to all five, 66, 47 percent satellite radio, 92.
Everybody in their brother is broken out the big bucks for satellite radio
and south Florida because the regular radio sucks.
Big 88, magic 67, Cass 61, love 94, 48, underground or.
Parallel radio, 46, the coast 31, wild, 126, HCR,
22.
PPS 22, not so hot 105, 21, V, L and 20, power 90,
sister's got 20, a wrap 19, EDR 14, mega, 94.9, 13.
Now let's see that's a cheap channel, right,
if it's a former Louisiana right?
So obviously, we've still only got 13 votes.
They destroyed that.
Like they destroyed everything else.
Life 11, JNA 8, 88.13, that's WGRGP.
WMIB 3, Aradio Ritmo's got two.
And so the maintain one for Aradio,
Amor and Nareo Romanceia.
They both suck at a win in our pool.
Probably like Hispanic women.
Listen to those stations, would you think?
Who do you think?
I would imagine.
What do you think?
I would think.
And what kind of other holiers will listen to those stations?
Yeah, probably got their Luis Miguel Blow-Up D'Alston,
the sit-in-buy.
And this, you know, Neel Roger.
This is 5-6-2-8-10-10.
Oh, come any worse?
The Neel Rodgers.
Coming up tonight, an inside of behind the true holiers
celebrity music bagger, he profile story.
They have an amazing story of how they got their name.
And that's about it.
They were hoody in the blowfish.
We have these two friends.
One we called hoody because he looked like an owl.
And the other one we called the blowfish.
Yeah, because he was always pumping out a cheek.
And makes Derrius Rucker and Mark Bryan.
Just told us the complete list of everything
interesting about their band.
Well, thanks for being here, guys.
It's a big, juicy, softy.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
We did a Saturday morning cartoon show
about a sponge named Hoody and his blowfish.
Yeah, we brought a clip.
Look out, blowfish!
That school of batteries getting on us!
Oh, hoody, madroll, hoody!
You didn't even do a Saturday morning kids show, did you?
No.
We just made the clip to bring to the interview.
Yeah, we didn't want it to be over so fast.
Hi, Shay.
Well, then, is that it?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
No, no, no, no.
Did we tell you the story about our friend?
He gave you a one called hoody and the other one called blowfish.
Yes.
Well, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's all we've got ever done.
Hoody and the blowfish.
You heard them, they're done.
It should be Saturday's blowfish.
Look at your business.
Tonight.
They were tutors.
I heard they both fish.
1246, I heard they blowed chunks.
1246, 14 to 1.
We got the molemyster at 2.
We got mole and bow.
And no, maddog.
Dolphins go to Wayne Heisingham, man.
I love it when he gets angry.
I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
Okay, good.
I just love it.
The zips in his face, they're like lighting up like a honey and like a holiday bush.
Dolphins go to Wayne Heisingham, man.
I'm going to help the Marlins build a ballpark next to Dolphins state.
But an agreement appears unlikely.
A person close to Wayne's zips say the yesterday.
The Marlins last month have banded a bit for a ballpark near downtown.
I mean, today would be looking out of the cities as possible sites to re-doke it to franchise.
With a blessing of major league baseball.
Heisingham made the Marlins a substantial offer a month ago.
But may soon reach into proposal, said a person for major with a discussions and close to Dolphins owner.
The service declined to be identified because negotiations have been private.
Wayne is very close to pulling a plug on the offer this year.
It's at some point you say, I've had enough and that's about where we are.
I've had enough.
Unless the Marlins' major league baseball put something meaningful on the table,
a lyridial can be done.
Up to now all the movements have been done by everybody but the Marlins.
They're looking for a handout.
Everybody wants a frickin' handout.
Billionaires looking for a handout.
Full message is left for the Marlins' spokesman and with a spokesman for hyzing a warrant return.
Since they're in section 93, the Marlins would have shared where we know that.
But Marlins' officials have said that for the franchise to survive financially,
they'd be a baseball only stadium where they were tractable roof.
They're looking for roofies.
Major league baseball has also said the team must have a new ballpark to continue in South Florida.
Vegas and Portland, Oregon are considered the frontrunners for possible relocation.
Blaming their inability to swing a stadium deal, the Marlins' Barclays Month on a payroll purge,
a fire sale. I mean everybody's gone.
Speaking of that?
Yes.
I was asked to report that, a J. for a nice amount of $55 million contract or the Toronto Blue Jays.
All right!
All right!
What a Blue Jays has spent a money like has come out of a fair of faucet.
Who is the other guy they signed?
They relief picture for like $80 million, $40 million.
They say, hey, Ryan.
Wow.
The Blue Jays, man, we could be a contender and at Rodgers Center.
They're good!
A horrible name.
Well, how do you like that?
Blaming their inability to swing a stadium deal, the Bar Marlins' Barclays Month on a payroll purge
in the past, we still reduced their 2006 payroll by about $38 million by trading Josh Beckett,
Carlos Delgado, Michael Luel, Luis Castillo, Paula Ducca, and Guillermo Moda for prospects.
And of course, A.J. Bernadins was a Blue Jays.
He was a free agent, right?
Yes.
Yes.
Building a ballpark nested often, stating would have several factors in his favor, although it does make much too much sense.
There is considerable undeveloped land owned by housing and the area between Mime and Fort Lauderdale,
close to the three expressways, and here's the center of these sprawling South Florida Megalopolis,
it says here.
The South Florida Megalopolis.
Don't you love that name?
Okay.
It's named Megalopolis.
I thought it was just a bunch of disconnected bedroom towns, but it's not.
It's a Megalopolis, it says the Sun, Seton, on Stephen Wine.
Oh, try the wine, okay?
Stephen?
So Wayne is speaking of whining.
Wayne is going to act entirely of it and you're not responding in the Yamama.
And I don't blame him, too, honestly.
Because this bunch of crazy bastards, I mean, what are they going to do?
Just have a lame duck team for two years now?
Because they got to play in 2006 and 2007, I do believe, something like that.
Is it?
It looks that way, yeah.
It's just going to be, you know, lame duck.
Nobody else show up, they'll go out like with a whimper embarrassing, humiliating.
Just like I foresee the Panther organization that they don't put you up.
I mean, they've got like, I see Joe Nguyen, I can't hide him, I Joe.
Joe Nguyen, I scored a meme in the school there last night.
It was 62, kind of like a fluke off of a high-speed stack, and that didn't mean too much.
Yeah, we'd love to.
Yeah, I was there last night and I was doing the game.
You actually stayed doing the game?
I saw the first goal because it was real quick.
But I got to tell you, and I got, you know, someone was with me to confirm this,
but there were 800 people there last night.
There were 800 people there last night.
There were even thousands in the beginning.
No.
800 people in the beginning.
I'm telling you, there wasn't even a thousand people there last night.
Well, and then that later on, I mean, I saw parts of the game.
You know, there were no 800 people there.
I would have noticed that.
I would say maybe 3000, total.
Well, how long did you stay?
I stayed for like the first 10 minutes of the first period.
I see.
Well, see, here's something you'd understand.
And that is that another idiotic move, they moved the home games up on the weeknight,
it's just seven o'clock, as opposed to 7 and 30.
I guess assuming that that way the kids, people with kids, they get up early in the morning.
Not a good move.
Because even back in the day when the games started 7 and 30,
there would be people coming at the end of the first period.
People that worked late, well, whatever the deal, people who are just idiots can't tell time, they come in late.
So now, with a game time at 7 o'clock, the first period, most of the games that I see,
there's virtually nobody there.
They're playing like to an empty audience, it's like a command performance.
So it filled out after, Ella?
Yeah, well, I wouldn't say fill up, I'd be a little bit of a stretch.
Like maybe 3, 4,000 tops.
Because the beast said there were a few more people there than the cap scheme,
which may be 2, 3,000 back game.
So what's the point?
You know, what's the point having a sporting event and nobody shows up?
And they were only playing the best team in league last night, the powerful Ottawa Senators,
who just blew them off the Icelanders decided to crank it up and start playing.
With, of course, everybody's unfavorable to coach BM, the spokesman, who still has got that same defect.
But nevertheless, he's got a hell of a team, the Senators.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, so he actually stuck around a little while.
The Panthers scored the first goal in that game.
Yeah, I was there for that, actually.
They led one nothing, then it was one one, then they went ahead two, one, and it was two two,
and then all of a sudden before it, or it was this two.
Oh, not good.
And then, like I say, Joey, knew a nice stuck in a kind of a greasy goaler
late in the game to make it 6-3, but believe you, me, if Ottawa would have won
on making 45-2, they could have done it.
It would do that overpowering.
A mismatch.
Just a mismatch.
Yeah, I was thinking I'd happen as you know, my favorite character in that movie,
in which they're all great.
Yeah.
But my favorite character is the...
What's your father's name?
Joy.
Joy Jordan.
All right.
The real, uh, never see one.
Yeah, this is like the skinny girl.
She's the one, the one who got an award of the Russian cab driver.
Right, yeah, she's like, Joy.
That's what I'm saying.
She goes in that to teach them English there.
Those illegal alien crowd, whoever they were.
And like, uh, you're a...
Yeah, they were the first...
Right from the beginning.
Everything she touched her to grab.
Everything she touched.
And then he finally picks her up and takes her to the ATM so he can get $1,000.
Can I have my guitar and CD player back at least?
Oh, man, she was good.
That's a good movie.
Very sick, very twisted, and of course the ending scene makes it all worthwhile.
I don't go give it that away.
Don't go.
Oh, I can't say that on the year anyway.
Oh.
Hi.
Okay.
Well, how's that for the right?
And the role of this is to say, pay me, VT, VDO.
Yeah, you know what that was, yeah.
It's all a pretty weird thing.
That's all I conquered.
Well, it's the other part.
I said, you know, everybody,
every actor and actress in the movie was so good.
Ben Gizarre and Luis Lacer were so perfect.
I mean, yeah.
They were the perfect South Florida condo couple, exactly.
You can just imagine with the lime green pants, you know, the checkered pants, just perfect.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
And there's not a call on the board.
Look at that.
Oh, me.
But you just wait about 20 minutes when that delay catches up.
And they realize I'm ready to take another whole bunch of their call.
I think we probably oughta give, I'm not going to do it to a lecture.
I don't want to start with that crap now.
I got one for the poll.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing that.
And then they unleash like 17 different names out here.
Same old tire.
The so-sad South Florida can be really paradise.
Oh, we need the people transplant.
So we need politician transplant, people transplant.
It could be paradise.
All of these things.
Right.
People transplant.
Doors and example.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M.
Okay.
The line two thing is interesting, isn't it?
And what is interesting is the line one thing.
No, that's not going.
I'm just talking about today.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Is the so-sad South Florida?
Yeah, this is W-D-Q-A-M.
Yeah, I want to make a comment about yesterday.
About yesterday, what?
Yeah, don't you think now that he goes with that T-O?
I beg your pardon?
Again.
Again.
What came with your yesterday?
You guys, anyway, last time?
Well, they go suck anyway.
What do they care?
Who cares?
They go stink.
What are without T-O?
And I'm in T-O.
How do you like that?
That'd be a scandal.
5670560, 0.560, 0.560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless.
Now, get a life with your pal.
Get a life with your pal.
Get a life with your education.
Go out and have somebody read a book to you.
Get out of my face with your stupid football craft.
God, this station is a tribute to your literacy.
You know what?
It's all they talk about is stupid ballgame.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Anything over and above him beyond that, they wouldn't know squat.
They wouldn't even know how to squat on it.
Don't you think?
Red red.
Oh, God, I hate that.
You think so?
You think so?
I'll tell you what I hate even worse than Durand Durand.
You can't hop on the board.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
The best thing to get is that I don't hate anyone.
What a great title.
Oh, wake me up before you go.
He's not gay all the way.
He changes mind.
He's not gay.
Brother.
Like he was fooling somebody.
He would have one eye.
He would have one eye.
Even if it had been worker.
for anybody with a nose that could smell from a 50 million miles of dancing in that video,
you know, that's all we need.
Really?
He was dancing?
Oh yeah.
Abiti was dancing at the storm with best health.
How many votes we got?
How many votes?
1256.
What do you think?
A shot at 14 or not.
No?
We have a shot.
We got a shot.
We got a shot.
That's what Jeannie told me.
She said we got a shot.
Jeannie and Danny and Jenny and Jenny and Jenny and Jenny and Jenny and Jenny and you wait
to see that what's his name?
That Rosen Cranstrell's man.
He's a sad, he's a wise, sage guy.
Although I do like that sage dressing.
But he's going to get malled on this Sunday.
That's my, that's my service tradition.
I mean, can you even begin to imagine the score that came?
And Drew Breeze by the way says there's a breeze between his knees and he wants to kick their ass on Sunday.
That's what he said.
Is that right?
You didn't read that?
You better start reading them sports pages Mr. President.
Actually, an update guy Todd Keller, who rudely interrupted me in here and I didn't even hear what you said.
Oh, I said the dolphin's going to get their ass kicked on Sunday.
Shocking.
Yeah.
There'll be a breeze between their breakfast.
This is Neal Roger.
This is 560-2-8-6.
Wow, he's face lowered.
The Internet Internet Internet Rocks Don't have any news.
Those who register to bring the shopping to drop in for all my loved ones.
With the click of a mouse I've done.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
The Internet Internet Rocks Have a great time.
I'll be surprised if the way they're gun shows up any second now.
Hey, I got it in my hand.
How do you like that?
See, there's my psychic powers again.
I don't know what.
I'm sure you've mentioned it, but I spaced it out.
That Benicio was in this.
Benicio Viltoro was in there.
And James Conn and Ryan Thalete, all of these people.
And Juliet Luiz.
Well, something I just came up with a poll that I'm so excited about.
I might want to replace tomorrow's back.
I might do this now.
You can push it.
Can I push it?
Yeah.
Although I know we did this a long long time ago.
And I don't really feel like scouring on there for the old poll.
What movie has the most sensational acting performances?
In other words, I'm thinking about happiness last night.
And everybody, everybody who was in there was fantastic indeed.
Am I right about that?
Yes, they were.
And so my short list that I got so far is Godfather.
Godfather 2, network, which the acting was really good until the Josh Fallocely.
Happiness, magnolia, which even though you don't like the ending, the acting was unbelievable.
And recommend for a dream.
Okay.
Are those not a good starter list?
Good place to start?
Godfather, we're going to win hands down.
It always was.
Yeah.
I didn't know no Godfather.
I was in the olive oil business.
Well, what are some of the other ones that have all the level of find out from the audience maybe?
Right.
I think we're going to have to that all right.
Oh no, we don't have to find that out.
We already know if you're talking about that factor.
Goal Ronnie's got his factor.
We got the factor factor.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey Neil.
Awesome.
And with the exception of Gayboy, I think what's the call?
Gangs in New York had a great cast.
In Oink?
Yeah.
What is he talking about?
Gangs in New York.
I know.
What is he talking about?
Oh, Gayboy.
You know.
Oh Leo, isn't it?
I didn't get you.
So I wouldn't know who he's talking about.
Gayboy.
Leo.
You fair, Rick.
Want to put that on there?
Gangs in New York?
Okay.
Why not?
Who might argue?
You thought you saw a movie with Leo?
Yes, I did.
I never saw a movie with Leo.
I'm a little bit of a good movie if it hadn't tried to do it so much better.
So much better now.
WNQAM, hello?
QAM?
Daniel.
I've been working for 20 years.
And I noticed a movie with assistance on Georgia to be in a Yes Man all the time.
Yeah.
We don't want George to be Yes Man.
I know.
And you can hear him like in the music today.
But you know, it's getting a little bird like you just, you know, you could say.
I don't want a Yes Man.
I don't want an A to P to run a show.
I want this one makes it more fun.
That's right.
Just like when the caller's called, oh, I love you show in your debate.
And it's so freaking boring, man.
I hate that crap.
I'm rather than being a caller, freaking me an ass or at least try and be quiet before I hang up on it.
Okay.
What do you do on that thing?
Okay.
Thanks, Bill.
Yeah.
You know, as you're starting to get a little in your old age and you're like, like, that's
something new, but that's something even Josh Cortis is like, uh, Ornery is hell, which
I'm starting to think about making that trip into cold, you know, he was born ornery or born
ry as we say.
He is.
He's a good guy, but he's really ornery contrary.
Just like the thing.
I mean, just think differently.
It's launching.
No, I like that.
You know that I like that.
I don't want people just to suck up and kiss ass.
I hate that.
It's so freaking boring.
You're so contrary.
Exactly.
Just like the thing with it.
Well, you weren't there to wait that he and Miguel were in there.
I talk about, I mean, Miguel, that's his whole life is Mr. contrary.
Yeah.
It's a Cuban thing.
But the thing about the razors, oh, you would have said we were talking about like nuclear
fishing or trout fishing or something.
You ever go nuclear fishing?
Oh, yeah, trout fishing sometime.
I can't say what that is.
I know.
But anyway, brook trout.
No, not her.
The thing with the razors, you would have thought it was like so important.
He just militant about it.
No, it's important.
It's like I got a call during my vacation about the issue.
Yeah, that's right.
I can't understand what he bugged you.
I wonder if they would have told me is to leave him alone.
He's on vacation.
What do we care what he's changed with?
He'll ask that to call you.
Yeah, bull crap.
That's a freaking lie.
You know something?
Some people just never were, you know, that package.
I worked even during the show.
I wrote out the shipping label.
I wrote out the check.
I got it all sitting on top of my pants in the other room there.
So I can't forget it.
And man, it might just slide off on the floor.
You know what?
It's supposed to have a check.
It could sound like a heavy duty.
Oh, that ink.
All the mirrors.
Brother.
72 AM, hello.
Meal, hey, how's it going?
Got a great one for your bowl.
Yes.
One Gary, one raw.
Every once in a while.
That's a one.
That's a one.
Okay.
I think you can just exclude the Godfather so that we could actually get a fight.
I think you can call Billy.
Okay.
I'll scratch him both out.
Yeah.
Other than the Godfather's.
I mean, I'll write that.
Other than.
Right.
All your Godfather's.
Well, the one and two.
Now, Godfather one and two.
Even though this guy will say, oh, there's no Godfather one.
Yeah.
I'm talking about it.
Other than those.
You're right.
That's why I did this thing a couple days ago about no names, about why I can't spend so-and-so.
Because you know what it would have been.
It gets so tiring, man.
We hate George Bush.
We hate Rarsalimba.
We hate Bill O'Reilly.
Okay, great.
That's fine.
We hate Ann Coder.
I agree.
But it's boring.
We know that already.
Okay.
It's like saying, it's Tuesday.
Well, that's great.
I Bruce Williams is Tuesday.
I wonder if he's dead yet.
Sure, but make my day if I find out.
I don't think so.
I know Jerry Williams is dead.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, look at this.
Find more bodies in New Orleans.
Man, your government did a hell of a job there.
And they're buying up that camel flu, which you find out in that survey today.
It has no effect whatsoever on each five-in-one bird flu.
But don't confuse them with the facts.
Because Donnie Rumshell's got a lot of stock in that company.
And when we're through with that, then we're going to go back to that sypro again.
Right.
Got the idea.
Well, the sypro stock, because sypro is an ass word set.
We got everybody whipped up by a sypro stocking it up.
By the way, I'm sure it's all expired.
And it's worthless as 400-year-old aspirin by now.
And it is not too many things worse than an aspirin.
Nobody 2AM, hello.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
Right. Don't confuse them with the facts.
I always want to hear myself back.
2AM, hello.
Cook is back.
Excellent choice.
Nurse Ratchet.
Cook who's nested is good.
Don't you agree?
It's a good deal.
One flu over.
And again, we're not just asking what was a great movie, but a movie that was great with everybody that was in it.
Because there are some great movies that some of the acting was crap.
Right?
Because there's no question.
Very rare that you get a movie where everybody that's in it is just the acting is just flawless.
That's why I recommend for a dream, man.
We just, especially the old rectum, who asked to ask.
Well, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pounds.
So what was this?
Let me tell me about Jared Lino's band.
Who was telling me that?
Woody Graber, but I mentioned them to you before.
I went to that show.
I'm Saturday.
Yeah, I knew he had a band, but how was the show?
I don't know, I didn't see his band.
You know, you go to an awful lot of events that you don't see.
Well, it wasn't always any, it wasn't that you don't see it because you're in a band, you're on the rag, or what's the story?
No, it's just an all day wish.
That's what I'm saying.
You know, it was like a 10 to 10.
I got there at 4.
Well, I got news for if I would have attended that event, I would have gone out of my way to meet and greet Jared Lino.
Well, there you go.
He's a fine young man.
His band is not going to be young.
Who was he married to?
Oh, I forget.
Come on.
I love you.
Huh?
I lose track of these things.
No, you knew who it was.
Somebody had.
Somebody pretty high.
56705, 505, 505, 505,
and sing it a wireless line.
Other than Godfathers, what movie has the most sensational and the most sensational acting performances?
Now, I'm not going to get anything about the ending of Magnolia, but if you wouldn't agree that everybody in that movie, everybody would agree.
It was just phenomenal.
Right.
From Jason Robars, who didn't have to do a lot of acting because he was dying.
He was dying in real life.
He kept saying.
I'm dying out of here.
And he was.
And he also seemed more Hoffman and Tom Cruise, even Tommy Cruise, and a guy, Mary Baker, Eddie, whatever his name was, they got the TV host.
Right.
And of course, our boy, William H. Macy, of course.
And then the cop, what's up with you?
What's his name?
I was the cop.
He said everything.
I just saw him in something else the other day.
Right.
Then he's always great.
He's ugly, but he's great.
They were all great.
He was also a gang from New York as a matter of fact.
Well, I'll be damned.
But see, if the acting hadn't been great, and if I hadn't been sucked into all the storylines, then I wouldn't have cared that they didn't end.
Ah, see, you can't stop.
You just can't stop.
You've got to bug out your ass about that.
In fact, it's probably the same butterfly that was in the silence of the lambs.
Remember that?
The moth.
The moth.
The cocoon.
Yeah.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I really like that Janice Joplin song, or I mean, about McGee.
And I was wondering if you could play it every time George is about to talk, so I don't have to listen to him.
No.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got one for your poll.
Okay.
And in fact, they had it on table a couple of days ago with Al Pacino's car face.
Okay.
Scarface, yeah.
I didn't mind being a Joey S.A.V.A.
Rears in that.
Yeah.
And that's great.
I ended up in the age of...
And wasn't an invention from the Godfather III, or your buddy.
It was in Scarface.
What's his name?
He was.
Andy Garcia.
Wasn't he in that?
Was he?
I don't know.
If he wasn't listed.
Scar, you know, you better Google it, see it was in Scarface.
Andy had a Joey Icewood Bells in the world.
We're Steven Bowers.
You know, Steven Bower, Mary Elizabeth Muster Antonio.
Right.
That's it.
A couple of other people.
Who else did I say?
Andy Garcia.
I don't think he was in.
What a mobile movie I was thinking about that he was in.
His Godfather III.
No, and I'm not that.
I'm trying to forget about that.
Untouchables.
That's it.
The unsdusiable.
I can't believe we can say that.
We just can't say the whole bag.
So you think the whole bag does it?
So I'm going to say after one at five, six, six, six, seven,
if you have all of them.
Maybe that's what the dog's bag is all about, huh?
I wonder if it's got a long cube.
Rich room filling sound from your iPod.
It's the power of the amazing Bose sound doc digital music system.
It brings the music on your iPod.
The light even charges your iPod while it plays.
Sound and vision says you're bound to love what you hear.
And that's because only proprietary Bose technology lets you get the most
of the music on your iPod.
The system is friendly with iPod.
I've had many iPod Nano and iPod with video.
It's slick appearance.
It's obviously blends with your iPod almost in a room they core.
Easy to use even comes with a remote that controls the sound doc system.
And the basic function of your iPod from across the room.
Let the room filling sound to the Bose sound doc digital music system
delivery.
A new iPod experience.
Stick the old iPod in there and hear what happens.
Experience the sound doc today at tweeter and target.
Compu.
I'm a new USA sharper image best by circuit city or Apple.
Good morning.
7 o'clock.
How are you going to say email?
Lou Pummo from West Palm.
Here you are.
You can stick your sink in canes and dolphins and all your moronic football
colors.
Baseball will never die.
It's the greatest game ever invented.
Don't even talk about baseball if you can't respect it.
I respect the United States of America Lou.
For your information Lou, the problem with baseball that air is not talk
about.
It's the most important thing to know.
It's the most important thing to know.
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
What's the most important thing to know?
Wow.
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Are you impressed?
Yes.
He always shows up.
He's good.
What do we always show up for?
What do we always show up for?
He's great.
Is it supposed to people who skate their way through them?
No, he's great.
He is great.
Schilders list, Liam Neeson.
Oh, I haven't seen that yet.
Glenn Jerry Glenn Ross, number 16, 16th best Jack Lemon.
Hey, man, ready for that?
In the name of the father, Daniel De Lewis.
Braveheart, Mel Gibson.
Oh, excuse me, I got a puke.
That's a very good movie.
What?
Braveheart.
Now, thank you for it.
Glad to be here.
Russell Crowe.
Yes, he was.
A beautiful mind, Russell Crowe.
So that.
Sean Shank, Tim Robbins.
The usual suspects, Kevin Spacey.
Kate Clear, Robert De Niro.
That was on again, there.
I watched about maybe 45 minutes.
I never realized the irony of that is that what's his name, Robert Mitchem, faces attorney in
a movie.
Somebody told you that a lot.
I've seen him both.
Right?
But some homie, Robert Mitchem was the original nut job and the original movie and was much
better, by the way.
And then, Daniel, who is.
Daniel was okay.
I just.
I'm just tired of him.
He just, to me, he's always the same.
You know what I mean?
He wasn't playing.
He wasn't playing a gangster in that movie in, uh, Kate Clear.
But he, he was playing a crazy person.
But it just.
I don't know.
Now, this is not too old for this.
God, Dr. Strange.
Love what's wrong with that or how I learned to love the bomb?
No.
We've had that on some of our polls, right?
Yes, we have.
Well, what's wrong with that?
That means being all defensive about fencing it in and having one of the greatest performing
catch-birds.
He's got General Peter Sellers, um, et cetera.
Slendtickens, Sterling Hayden, Kenan Wind, James Earl Jones.
And Sterling Hayden, of course, was Captain McCluskey in the Godfather.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was one of the great scenes he's got.
He's got the spaghetti twirled around the fork and he's got it in his mouth.
And he's had kind of turned sideways as Michael, I put a thing.
Michael gets a lot so first and then he's got a thing.
And he spilled that blood all over his nice, ivory-leafed suit.
Drop the gun.
In fact, he didn't drop it.
He tossed it in.
Are we tossed it in a way, huh?
Right.
Probably a lot of people tossed guns that had it just in there.
Posse, you think?
Well, there was pain in the ass bystanders, you know.
Well, that's good that I found all these lists.
This is great.
This solves a lot of ills, you know.
Coming up with a stupid ass bolt.
That's the only, yeah, thing.
That's the only, yeah, the puberty.
Mm-hmm.
Because this audience is so...
Oh, King Mutiny is an excellent choice, especially Francis, Robert Francis.
Yeah, I counted this for a very...
Before I went to bed.
Yeah.
Fred McBury was great in there.
I remember I originally said he was good, but he was great.
When I watched it again, again.
Oh, that Robert Francis, man.
And he was really the central character in the movie.
Mm-hmm.
And about him and his girlfriend and whatever.
She was kind of me, but nevertheless.
And then he died.
I wonder what happened in it.
All the pretty guys they died to shame.
What radio station do you listen to the most for music?
Music.
As in, Robert's here now, back in the day,
where we got those dingus, man.
The ones that go like more music.
Like a...
Like that?
Or a more beautiful ear.
Some most music on travel you feel like you're having a happy Easter day.
Oh!
Ord.
Most music.
Travel you feel like you're having a happy Easter day.
Oh!
There you go.
Out of dingus out of time.
So back in the day, once upon a time,
it would have been between 2 a.m. and FUN and all of these things.
That was about a.m. radio was worth talking about.
Now it's mostly crap.
Anyway, don't listen.
They all suck.
600, you're right.
45.5% say all the music stations itself or our garbage, will.
You wouldn't even put them in your septic tank.
Sad light radio, 130.
Got everybody else beat.
Sad light radio.
How many?
30, man.
Big 96.
Magic 75.
Kiss 64.
As bubble would say.
Kiss this.
Underground, Pover radio 51.
Love 94.51.
The Coast 33.
Wild 127.
That's 40 still on here.
That's the bad news.
KPX 25.
HDR 24.
VUN 22.
Hot 105.
21.
Not so hot.
Power 96 really looked warm only 20.
And that's because that's sure is not our demographic.
And by the way, let me say it again.
I want to do this.
Slamer.
Mind me several times today.
Two things.
Thank you again, Mr. President for the low gas prices.
And number two, whatever our power 96 does we got nothing to do with it.
Except stealing their pizza.
RMF.
You know something I think now we have to like thank mo for stealing their pizza.
Now that we're starting to get all the rest of these stories.
RMF 19.
EDR 14.
Mega 94.913.
JNA 11.
Whatever that is.
Life 11.
88.21.
Got three.
That's W-something.
W-M-I-B-3.
W-R-T-O.
Radio 8.
Mo's got a pair.
And A-M-R-A and whatever they are.
R-M-A.
They still got elementary, unilope piece.
One.
Not our crowd at all.
1322 votes.
I bet they play a wiki on there though.
What do you think?
I would imagine.
A little wiki for on wiki.
How's he doing?
How's him and your girlfriend doing the tennis player?
They're still going strong.
Hot 10.
Yeah.
I got one thing to say to both of them.
You're fairy.
26 after 1 is 5.
16.
Don't forget to come out to Hurricane Hotline and I care.
It's a good very upset unless we read this over and over again.
Because the class has been promised 75,000 mentions.
Now I'd like to ask this about the client.
How come my good friend Bernie Koshar is going in competition with Coach Chula?
And that little bit strange.
I mean, wasn't Bernie once upon a time a member of the Doth, the Dothins?
Josh?
Yeah.
And he opens up a steakhouse compete with the shoesmice through the Brainstown.
Anyway, come out to Hurricane Hotline tonight at 7 o'clock with headquarters.
Larry Coker at Bernie Koshar, a steakhouse and stuff.
I mean, we like that because we lost the shoesmice through the other place because they got the Dothin game.
Is that what it is?
Or wasn't there some other story about that while we lost there?
Well, we'd probably better not go into it.
26 past 1.
Well, we've got problems, man.
We've got more stories in the naked city than we also got Brett.
So which is the worst problem losing the Chula steakhouse deal or Brett?
Based on what you had.
I don't think Brett's problem.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, you won't be there that long to be a problem?
Oh, no. I'm just saying that he's just another comic element like other people running around here.
All right.
See, when you're shopping for shoes, no comedy at the Brandy shoes.
You know what happens when you play too much comedy with any young girls?
But the fact that a matter is that Brandy shoes will get the most comfortable fit your favorite style.
The shoes are unbeatable prices all the time.
That's why they're still around while the other shoe stores have come and gone long gone.
Brandy's there is a humongous election of all the top brands, no off brands.
They got rockboards, foresham, echo, SAS, new balance from a fist of all the others.
And Brandy's professionals, two fitters.
I'll make sure you have a customized video of favorite comfort to wear every time.
Just ask for Arnie.
Tell him that Neil sent me in and told me to ask for Arnie and they'll ask what you're talking about.
Brandy's specializing in wide woods.
They really understand fit and comfort.
And it's worth the trip from just about anywhere in town.
So don't forget that unbeatable combination for comfort style, fit, value, and selection.
It's always Brandy shoes and you'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in popular weeks.
Open daily nine to nine Sundays till five.
You know something?
I could play that brand.
He's not having it in front of me.
Next time, don't let me forget.
By the looking glass.
Okay.
Like I said, Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday till nine Sundays till five.
And this week is a great time to buy spares at Brandy's.
Take 20% off on all great men's and women's styles this week.
So be sure to get your ass into there it is.
There's the looking glass.
They're looking what because you won't like what you see.
Trust me.
Come in to the store to the for sure this week or do their shoe shopping online at BrandySews.com.
This is a new one.
It is five sixteen.
And it's five sixteen.
Oh, and it's different about that.
If you don't want to have to watch Curipulse on TV anymore, or maybe she'll die first, we can only hope.
1340 votes.
Look at that.
We need sixty more.
Oh, there's kind of a reason Berlin.
She says each B9 something.
Yeah.
1340 votes.
And we need sixty more in twenty six minutes to get to fourteen.
I'm a during the show.
We'll be ashamed to get that close and miss out.
Wouldn't it?
Yeah, that would be bad.
I still got thirteen forty.
Of course, it takes about twenty minutes.
See, we haven't got a chance because it'll take about a half hour for delay to catch up.
The Ford 500 and Mercury Montego, an equipped with optional side airbags, earned a gold top safety pick.
Award for large cars from the insurance institute for highway safety.
The Audi A6 was given this award for large cars.
By the way, I ended on the waterfront on the extra system.
Okay, good.
The 500 Montego are corporate twins.
Oh, I got another one for you too.
And that's, um, uh, rear window.
All right.
You never saw that?
Of course.
Five times.
How about Josh?
You've seen rear window with James Stewart and Grace Kelly?
I have not.
No.
Well, that's a surprise.
It came out before he was born.
Well, what does that have to do with it?
How many movie channels have we got now?
I mean, how many of us call all the movies in the theater originally?
Look, uh, too many of us.
And a lot of us see them on TV.
And a few years, he'll be married.
He won't be having sex anymore or having any kind of a life.
And then he'll come to the movie.
And for the movie, Penny can watch PIN.
Right.
Or just PIN head.
The 500 Montego are corporate twins systematically as, uh, what is it?
A stylistically different version of the same car.
Vehicles that received gold awards for, uh, earned good ratings,
the best possible for frontside mirror impact protection.
Vehicles that were rated good for frontside impact protection,
and acceptable for impact during the silverware, whatever.
This is boring.
There were 10 vehicles achieving all of those ratings.
The top 10 cars, large cars, the golds,
if you went to four to five hundred mercanties, like I just said,
are these silver Audi A6 mid-sized cars,
the gold award went to sod 9, three, and the Subaru Legacy,
the silver to the Audi A3 and the Audi A4,
the silver to the Chevy Malibu with optional side airbags,
and to the Volkswagen Jetta.
And the silver to the Volkswagen Passade.
Small car, gold behind a Civic Ford,
or many vans that were no winners.
No winners.
I think this is a really good kill.
You're going to be screaming.
I'm dying on the dance.
Not interesting.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the Conor Lise in Berlin,
I find that most amusing, huh?
Why is that?
She just makes me in my blood boil.
Although we don't want to pick on Dr. Rice.
How's the spokesman doing?
I must have been pretty happy with a 6-3 victory.
He didn't like giving up two bulls who won periodo last night,
the old spokesman, but his team's kicking ass.
Come to QA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you for dead, dead, dead.
That's one of my favorite to make some silver fastest.
Yes.
Happy birthday, George.
And, Neil, I wanted to ask you some show history,
and I'm not asking you to play it.
I was so curious about, you know, your young meal bit.
Who did that?
And who was that child that does that?
It was Jim Schaller did the bit, and the kid was his kid.
Oh, okay.
It's a pleasure.
I'm going to play it in just a minute just because you asked.
It's the holiday season.
Oh, thank you.
You're sweet.
I am.
Okay, have a good day.
You too.
See, I must be going to win a lot of money to wood buy tomorrow
because I'm sending Josh that check, which quite frankly,
it's not really that time anyway.
Just every now and then I send him all in.
I'm in a good mood.
And for the great work he does on our website sometime.
I mean, I think it's that time anyway, but no.
But, well, let me ask you, yeah, you always say,
every day you think it's that time.
Yeah, every day goes in.
Where's my check today, like, yeah.
But, seriously, when you're going on vacation all this time,
so Eric is going to be doing these,
the website is going to be doing.
Well, I mean, I'm only going to be there until Thursday.
One day through Thursday.
So, are you telling me that this weekend Friday,
I mean, it's only Tuesday or weekend, I'll be doing,
I'll be doing, I'll be doing this Thursday Friday and Saturday.
That's what you tell me.
Pretty much.
This weekend.
Third day.
Would you say pretty much?
Yes.
That is correct, sir.
Because I don't care who does them as long as they get on there.
But I don't want to swap my ISO for over a hot keyboard here
and over like 30 different websites.
I mean, I'm trying to find some interesting and informative stories
and then find out, oh well, there's a little cross up here,
yada yada yada.
See what I'm saying?
That's the answer, sir.
Well, you're like Eric.
No, I'm like, hey, I know what this gadget is.
Then we can blame him.
Well, let's look at the answer.
Yeah.
Oh, these are too easy, these are.
And then, log in the Messina.
That new mama got in the sewing tank.
Oh, no.
Vlogger, that's it.
No.
Yes.
So I was looking ahead at this one here.
Oh, the back jacks.
We got a gas.
Oh, let's see, we didn't hook it up again.
The brake brake.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
I'm dying out of here!
Ah!
Ah!
And let's do it again by the way.
Yeah.
I have to be careful.
You can do it again by the beach boys.
What's that?
Shot a letter?
Wow.
That was shocking.
It's so...
Anyway, just like starting over.
It's amazing.
Top lead, everyone.
If we played that as the musical rejoin,
we had all those sports shows on our stage.
We'd have an 80-year.
Anybody believe that?
No.
I still don't understand why we played that stupid music.
This is a new, Russian, and English Brown thing.
And I put it on 16, 16, 16.
March 20, oh!
I said, the devil is here!
Getting a hit started, learning is very important to your child.
No matter what language your school system recognizes.
Class, repeat after me.
A-E-I-O-U.
And if your school system endorses black English,
then getting that head start means getting,
hooked on the bombings.
Class, repeat after me.
A-E-I-O-U.
Booked on the bombings teaches your child the intricacies
of this new language through direct comparison
with regular English.
Just listen.
The ITs have a cooking card.
Now try it in the bombings.
So give it a game, cook.
It's very good to me.
Booked on the bombings is the Learned Home Language System
that will have your bright young preschooler
talking like a violent gang member in just six short weeks.
He'll learn the double negative.
No, fuck off.
The excess plural.
No, no, no, no, that's what it'd be mine.
And the proper way to pose an inquiry.
Let me ask you a question.
Booked on the bombings.
Order today.
And by the time your child is ready for school.
Hey, going to no day in school.
He'll be ready to drop out.
That's our guarantee.
Booked on the bombings.
Booked on the bombings is not endorsed by anyone in the right mind.
Who wants to go to an F&Dan school anyway?
Lee Roy said.
We can.
That was a great movie.
Fame.
It was cute.
I wouldn't say that all the per...
See, the poll today, other than Godfathers,
what movie had the most sensational...
See, not just a good movie,
because we're talking about when everybody just
stood out with phenomenal in the movie.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
But still.
How about Goodfellas?
No, Paul Sravina was in it.
Sorry.
You're going to be so that way.
You want me to put that on here?
Oh, I don't care.
I already got...
I'll put it on my toilet.
I'll put Goodfellas on here.
I don't care.
My toilet is in another hillbub.
I'm going to be happy.
I don't...
I'm out of Paul Sravina, friend.
You know, we're going to fall short today,
and it's probably just as well.
13.59.
We need 41 votes in 14 minutes,
which is...
It's statistically possible.
It's like about three votes a minute.
It certainly is not a lot to act.
But it was just ain't going to happen, you know?
But I would be ashamed to come that close.
It would be like being high...
Being high and fixed enough in a hockey game
in losing 6 to 5.
You know, it's just...
It's just shame.
Why come that close?
As well fold up your tent.
So we're not going to get there.
567.05.60,
0.5.60, and you've arrived in singular rivals line.
The molemeister is standing by.
He'll be along at two o'clock, too.
He...
He...
He loosened eight.
And he rackulate.
How many QAAM?
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Saturday night.
You know who was in that, right?
No.
Billy Crystal.
And faculty.
Why?
Oh, yeah!
He had Robert De Niro, but that's not as important as Slapy.
I see.
Well, nobody in our sloppy white.
WQAAM, hello.
Neil, bycola, now for the fall, please.
What is it?
Apocalypse.
Apocalypse now.
Okay, got it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now, would you agree with that?
Sure wouldn't.
I like it.
The performance is anyway.
It was all weird and what, no, apocalypse now.
What other Robert Duvalmo, we should we put on here?
We could put the great Santini.
Even Tintint Tinttumor was good man.
We could.
He's got a Tinttumor.
Should we put that on there?
What a great Santini.
Great Santini.
Of course, a lot of these are pretty old, you know?
Although what movie in recent years has had all of these?
You know, if you go online, you can find all kinds of contrived crap.
You want to put monster's ball on there?
All right.
No?
That was pretty heavy.
Well, I'm voting for Glengarri Glengaross anyway.
That's not the point.
I know.
But what you're voting for.
I'm voting for, I don't know, I guess I'm voting for a network just to get it.
Josh aggravated.
A lot of taking Glengarri Glengaross also.
Oh, you see, I actually saw that movie.
Yeah.
Well, that's a step definitely in the right direction.
I might actually vote for happiness because nobody's going to vote for it because it's a really sick.
Now vote for Magnolia.
As good as the acting was in happiness, it wasn't.
It's hard to say this, but it wasn't as heavy as Magnolia.
I mean, it was heavy, but there was more comedy in it.
There wasn't an awful lot of comedy in Magnolia.
All right, all right.
The frogs were pretty funny.
And except for where you made it, Macy.
And what do you think the bartender will like him if he gets that the new teeth?
I think it'll put him over the top.
Yeah, they say.
No, I think he'll put, who was the bartender in the top?
He was the funny one.
The one that was...
The guy from Life in New York.
Yeah, I can never think of.
Oh, here we go with that again.
Arty Johnson.
No, it's not Arty Johnson.
Please.
I got a brain part on that.
I don't like it.
I get brain blocks, cramps, whatever, I'm certain name.
Tell me about it.
Google it.
Google Magnolia.
Look at the list.
I'll tell you right away.
Well, I'll recognize it.
Hey, it was Henry...
Huh?
It's Henry something.
Henry.
Henry Hyde.
No, come on.
I'm going.
Google it.
Henry, go so fast.
13, 74.
We need 26 votes and 11 minutes.
We can do it now.
We're going at a rate now.
If the host come in from the rural district, OK?
And then if the die-bowl people are got the machines picked for us, we can get it to 1400.
Like Jeb Bois said, we can make those machines via the A number we want.
Your fat ass governor.
Henry, oh Jesus, run on the tip of the door.
I know you can tell me.
Oh my God.
How is it possible?
I know all the other people from life in Rowan and Martin and Iowa.
It's totally as Ardy Johnson.
And what else was on that?
I got it.
What is it?
Henry Gibson.
Henry Gibson, a tough name.
Henry Gibson.
Henry Gibson's name in the movie.
His character's name in the movie?
Yes.
I didn't realize it.
That's either Thurston Howell.
Really?
Yeah.
I'll be there.
I thought it was for the birds.
Or maybe he's just looking for a good bird.
You're fair.
5.670560.
That's a good choice.
5.660 in the Verizon's ticket to Rada's line.
WDQA and Hello.
Henry Gibson.
That's what we just had.
Henry Gibson.
You know what was Henry Gibson?
Oh.
That guy.
WDQA and Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Movie, Mystic River.
Okay.
That has great acting performances all over.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
I mean, he made a one and say something else.
Okay.
When I said that, that was just kind of cut him short.
Okay.
Thank you.
WDQA and Hello.
Neil, have you seen falling down with Michael Douglas and Robert Duval?
No.
It's a good movie.
Check it out.
Okay.
VIRGIT SPICS.
Okay.
Thank you.
It was still all fall down.
I just saw that.
It was worn down.
Don't waste your time.
I'm falling down.
How about all fall down?
You like it?
What?
Well, Carl Molden has got a real big nose.
I've noticed.
No, seriously.
It's a pretty interesting.
It's kind of a dark movie.
It's depressing and a little on the morbid side.
And it's, you know, it's got Warren Beatty and Brandon DeWilda.
I need to see that again, you know.
In fact, there isn't a scene in there where Brandon DeWilda is in the sack.
He's got a shirt off.
I think I got emotional when I saw that.
And anyway, he's still dead and Robert Francis is dead.
And is this, you know, see the Lord works in mysterious ways?
If you look a little bit too good, he takes you out when you're young.
See, that's the way it works.
Or he makes you look really ugly very soon.
Like Jason Gedrick.
Who did I see last night?
You made me that crappy of the day about how men aged better?
Oh, I forget who the hell it was.
But, oh, my God.
Only if you're wrong.
You are so wrong.
No, okay.
You're so wrong.
No, it's so wrong.
It's established by everyone.
It's not even established by who it is.
It's like a porn utile.
Everybody is a gay guy who only likes really young looking guys.
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
We live on here, young looking guys.
Well, what does that mean?
No, not what you think it means.
In other words, people who have, who appreciate men over the age of 25, not them.
That's not the point.
The point is that, you see, like, you're going to have a discussion with me about what men look like.
Okay.
I think on your birthday, maybe it's the day to come out and recline it.
Yeah.
Everybody knows that.
You're going to tell me that Jason Gedrich looks better now than he did when he was like 20 years old.
I was going to tell you, you need some mental health.
Okay.
No, I said that.
Wow.
Oh, I know who it was.
It was Zach Gelligan.
Remember that silly-ass movie?
What was the movie, The Little Grimmins?
Right.
Well, he's in some movie that's a really big now, which I have no idea what it is.
And my God, it looked like God, Christy, with the ugly stick.
What happened to you, Zach?
Then, had the thicker skin.
We wrinkled.
Now listen, Joyce is not going to tolerate that.
This is Neil Rogers.
That's what that is.
516810.
I know.
It was 14 under the hood.
And over all that news, that's the day to get.
He's got a lot of knowledge to talk about me that way.
I know.
I'm not sure if I'm correct, but I'm very much the same.
If he wasn't the first thing to do, then what?
I know what I'm talking about.
I'm rewarding at the time though.
I could be elevated down.
And I'm not the way to the car that I put my golden vest in.
I'd give a three-tonneau.
Porsche queen 
racer landscape
Ranver
Get stronger
than a racer
and rocker
And blow
Belarus
how about they do the same for a guy they suspect they suspect nobody
I want as often a pack of cash
Why you
ahead I got a lot of oil
As you know upbeat
he'll edit that song on the Does
but even on the lowered
channels
AlexR
I'm a judge! Daddy only is a loser.
You guys ain't going back there, no!
You're pathetic! You're going out to fight your play.
I know I ain't no way of playing me.
But when I drop my voice, we're sharing.
You're a little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
A little smoothing?
How do you like that?
What do you like?
Charge, you better say something.
That's awesome.
Like I said, I might change my mind.
My mind!
It comes from the soul.
What do I do now?
What do I do now?
What do I do now?
What do I do now?
We need to get a tour.
We need to get a tour.
We need to get a tour.
We need to get a tour.
We need to get a tour.
We need to get a tour.
We need to get a tour.
