Then I'm in LA to play the Angels, actually Anaheim, then Atlanta, and Tampa Bay.
Heels in the house.
I think I hear you.
He's no Irvnorin.
Irvnorin, number 25.
You're 15, Willie and Hank Bauer.
Yeah.
That's always my favorite player, by the way.
I love Hank Bauer.
It was great.
Yep.
But the Irvnorin won a batting championship in 54, but he didn't have enough advance.
Yeah, I'll fly, so Bobby Avela won.
Just?
Well, memory for Crank.
Wow.
Is that amazing?
Yeah.
And that's the Indians broke the record at that time for the most wins.
I think it was 111 wins.
That's right.
And then they got swept by the Giants and Dusty Rhodes in a four game world series.
They hit those home runs.
One year ago, man, are we old or what?
Yeah.
They hit those home runs in the pole grounds.
I don't know why.
They called them Chinese homers.
And they would go, they were like pop-ups, you know, and they would just land.
And that's short right field.
What was it about?
14 feet down the road.
Like that.
Like that.
Yeah.
Those were the days, man.
Russ Hyges.
That was great.
Russ Hyges.
Yeah.
Yep.
And then we got Dave Envoreng and Roxy Bernstein and Rich Walts and people in South Florida.
I had an idea today.
Like what's going to happen?
He asked.
Put out Lider and a booth and let Roxy pitch it.
Well, it couldn't hurt either on either end.
I think it's a good swap-off.
Lider did a good job in a playoff slash year when he was announcing.
So I gave it a horse that came in a distance second in the Belmont on Saturday.
Yes.
And the drummit is here.
I'll give it to Dave too.
That was my exacta.
Right.
And Smelly.
He threw a free to Alex out.
But I mean, you couldn't, you know, if you're betting, you certainly had to put him in there.
So it wasn't about what I thought it was.
I threw it in the chest.
I threw it in the chest.
It was a triple if you were smart, which most of us aren't.
But if you were smart and bit like 97 all, you got a $1,200 triple or a nice number.
You know, if you were smart, and I come home with a couple of guys, I know it did this.
Lawson of Fog, a great sprinter, was in the through-northandy cap earlier.
They showed all the stakes yesterday.
I watched that.
So if you took him and went all, all of a free Alex, you got a pretty nice payoff for a pick four or two.
In fact, they were saying it lost in the Fog Mikey the best three-year-old.
I have my doubts because that that race of free Alex from when he,
if he lost in the fog is the best three-year-old.
You think so?
Yes.
Well, I'm going to say that it'll be amazing sprinter.
He's never going to get a recluse board because he has win a free Alex made that move.
He just excellently, like it was unbelievable.
He did the same thing in his win in Arkansas.
He did the same thing except he almost fell down.
You know, and he was about to do that in the pre-gness.
But that was a pretty lousy crop of horses he beat.
Right. There's no question about that.
I mean, but he's relative.
Yeah, but that's right.
But the horse who ran third, he was a maiden.
No one's can't.
Yep.
Yeah, but that's what made the number in the triple.
You gotta love that.
Eight out of 11 horses in that race.
Excuse me.
Had no more than two wins in their lives.
Right.
I mean, it was the worst Falmont field.
And I will say this.
Jocomo is the worst horse ever to win a derby.
Well, now you, Mike Smith said that he swallowed his palate.
Yeah.
He's still a worst horse ever to win a derby.
He's won one horse race other than maiden.
Here's the thing I know.
He could run in any condition race in the country.
Right.
I'm out of veterinarian and either are you.
But thing I don't understand is if a horse follows its palate.
And he said it was in the paddock and under when they're post-parade and thinking.
Isn't that something they can do about that before the race?
I would think.
Because that was his excuse after the race.
He said he could hear the gurgling sounds and you know when they've done it.
But I don't get it.
I know.
I have that before.
Have you started the race?
So he said he heard the gurgling sounds.
I think that's what he said.
To have that happen before the race is usually that happens during a race.
Right.
But he said he knew the race that he swallowed his palate.
So I thought, well, isn't there something they can do and maybe not?
Like those things that they have when you go to the doctor.
They can't breathe when that happens.
Right.
So man, pretty well for a horse who couldn't breathe the Mendial.
So he just knew he was the worst in seeing or taking away.
Maybe if he wouldn't swallow his palate he'd run second.
You know what?
I didn't like that horse all year.
I picked that horse in the sand and needed Derby and he ran terribly in that race.
That sounds like star griefs to me.
No, no.
I just said that.
No.
When you're a horse player and a horse runs bad.
Right.
And you take a look at his record and he's won one race in his life.
He's a piece of garbage.
You say that horse just doesn't find a finish line.
Of course one thing you know.
I mean, and Robert was here when you know a decent second compared to the rest of the team.
But if you watched the ride on there Bayerano I thought was pretty good jockey.
He waited until the race was I mean you got to see that horse runs.
How long can you wait?
I mean how long can you wait?
But he wasn't as good as the other horse.
He was, he made his move at the same time that a fleet Alex did.
Yeah, the only problem is he was like 10 lengths behind him when he made or at least seven or eight lengths behind him when he made his move.
No, they started it.
You got to go back and watch the race.
They were in the last and the next glass they were together.
And then you know they misstarted their move at the same time.
And what happened was the fleet Alex is a much better horse.
Oh, he was sure he was never going to beat him.
And he was beaten by seven lengths.
They were happy.
Quite an episode at the radio station on Thursday.
Oh, what happened?
And you haven't heard about it?
No.
Oh my goodness.
I'm very familiar.
Well, your operations manager and yours truly, we both got dragged into a farce into one of the most embarrassing hoaxes in the history of...
I did just pathetic.
I don't want to say who was involved.
We took the toy to give you a clue.
Yeah, that's a good hint.
Thursday at about 1230, Joshua and Chris are duck comes rushing in and tells them to pass along to me that Mo knows...
Because I had mentioned again Thursday that here it is the 9th of June or whatever 30th it was.
And we still didn't know the broadcasts just for the dolphins on their station.
So, duck gets a call from somebody.
I don't want to say who tells him brefels.
He'll be sure to tell Neil that I have the information I'm going to put it on the air at 1250 this afternoon.
I have the exclusive I know who the new dolphin broadcasts is going to be.
Like it was for real.
Okay.
So I put it on the air, figuring out why I knew we got this exclusive.
Make the other guys kind of like a little reddened face, whatever.
Get the scoop.
So he's got some flunky sportswriter from the Palm Beach post on with him as the guest on the phone,
which I never heard of the sportswriter, but never it's not important.
So they talked a little bit about the heat and a little bit about that.
And about that.
And then the sportswriter asked him what seemed to be very choreographed way.
Well, Mr. David, who's going to be the new voice of the dolphins?
And he went into this corn ball thing about, well, you remember 1980 the game the dolphin just came with the one out to his world?
Yes, what it's going to be there will be no traditional answer to the booth.
Nick Sabin's going to be wired up on the sidelines and it'll be the game as Nick Sabin sees it,
because everything has to be his way.
It was the most embarrassing degrading.
It's one thing if you're not funny.
There are a lot of people who aren't funny, but the worst thing is trying desperately to be funny when you're not.
I mean, the guy in the morning Vietnam.
Remember him, the officer, the Bruno Kirby character?
Yeah.
I'm funny.
Yeah, he kept saying,
and I'm funny.
But the people I know are so.
I'm funny.
He's been leading a very good route when we were in a rift and an ass.
And his response on Friday when he came on the earth was,
well, I sure gave me a lot of their show.
What do I do?
I give them two free shows a week.
I sure gave them another show there.
Oh, that's correct.
Right.
Oh, rather, moral, I'll tell you one thing.
You know change.
You know what I mean?
So since you were gone a few days, no change.
Sorry, I missed all that.
No, yeah.
No, you're not.
You had a much better time this and that.
It was pathetic.
A very good time.
Come on, I'm sorry.
Well, good.
A very good time to woodbine on Saturday.
Yeah, no slots, though.
Just played the always.
No, not now.
But I have some sensational news about woodbine.
Yeah.
For my four people in the city who in Toronto, who maybe going out there.
And that is that I was playing and that seemed all around me.
People are winning 3,000 here and 15 over there.
I thought, what's going on today?
It seems like the machines are a lot looser.
I hit a thousand a wheel.
What's going on?
And the lady next to me says, oh, the feds were here Tuesday.
And she tells me the story about how every now and then
in a couple of years they come in there and they check all the machines
and they make sure they check the payouts and evidently.
And have it.
I've been telling you that they had those things nailed down tighter than a sneered drum.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden now I'm hearing stories about Friday.
They were paying like crazy.
And Saturday when I was there, they were paying like crazy.
Ah.
So, boy, when that gets around.
When that gets around.
Yeah.
I mean, does that, is the word travel?
People start flocking in there and start playing?
Word gets around, make no mistake.
Because it's a circuit.
It's like a fraternity of losers, including me and all of us with gamers.
All right.
So that's good news.
It sure is, holds up some bright prospects for this long, nice summer coming up.
It sure is strange though that there is no announcer yet.
Yeah.
It's the 13th of June.
Yeah.
I mean, why you were gone, Channel 6,
and we're not going to allow a cigarette to do the games, your buddy Tony.
He's not going to do it.
So, not that he's qualified anyway, but how he said he's not doing it?
No.
Because there was a lot of that word around.
No.
That's history.
Okay.
They probably couldn't get the deal done.
So, the color guys down to, I guess, so they're saying Jimmy Syphilis
and I forget who else was the other one, but no play by play guy yet.
I don't think it'll be Joe.
I don't think Joe wants to do it.
No, Joe also said no way.
Yeah.
So maybe, uh.
Maybe they don't have any announcers.
Maybe Moe was right.
Hey Moe, you idiot.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I have a football game once with no announcers, but that was the thing too.
And that was the key to the dolphins in the Jets.
Yeah, but that was on television.
Right.
Yeah, you could have a game without an announcer's.
Absolutely.
It's a little difficult to pull that off on radio.
I forgot about that detail.
That's a slight problem.
That was something selfish.
That was a slight problem.
Yeah.
Right.
That would be like having a horse race with no announcer on radio.
Yeah.
Exactly.
What ever happened to Joe Tannenbaum?
Is he still around?
Joe is a consultant now at Delson.
Yep, they retired him last year.
I'll never forget when he was doing this stuff on IOD on the track.
And he would like, he would not know what to give me the results of the race, but he would go on.
Fate called the race before the race ran.
They were pretty good.
They were racing!
He was a panic.
Good guy.
I like Joe.
Yeah.
I remember one year Joe said, what would it take to bring you back to Geltz?
I don't want to get into that.
We love Geltz too a lot.
You do.
Don't we?
Why, you have a nice day.
I like woodbying.
We love them all.
We love everybody.
That kind of people, you know?
Yes.
Friendly guys.
Have a great day and we're bundled today.
You have a great day.
Start off with a winning note.
Yeah, I'd like to do that.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Are we a bit nervous?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do it.
No.
A cherry dragon chasing an impoverour to lose the blind.
Two من l pity and an scoop in a grand枚.
give it up there, it's kids poop while they walk around in his other room
and now it's time to decide the jack's been kids
Will the jury lock this free go away?
No, or will my go jack didn't go free?
No, it's not a jack's been kids
Oh, it's the wacko kid turn the room
and he'll be playing in the camera
he's just pooping
and now it's time to decide the jack's been kids
Oh, where are you man?
I'm sorry, it's a jack's been kids
but you're a model, man, but you're a mess
and now it's time to decide the jack's been kids
So sick and tired and he's melted face
Please hurry up and decide the jack's been kids
Make a bid day or not
as the kids may be, what do you think?
Could you show me the day?
Let's take out the office pool
on which day the jury's going to come in with a verdict
or of course maybe it's going to be a hung jury
In fact, I think they're measuring right now
It's 11 after 10
11 after 10 already
It's almost time for that break
just because we enough time to read this facts
our first facts of the week
from Lawn and Sherry
and Hollywood who say
I came across an outstanding website
perfect fit for your show
costofwar.com
it'll blow your mind to Lawn and Sherry
you can actually find out
what's been spent in a rack doing your four-hour program
also you can get on the
can you fit the Joe Biden code during the rice hearings
though listen to Runsville
he doesn't know what the hell he's talking about
it would be a super drop-in
well let's see if we can get that
huh?
it would be almost as good as when Runsville said
when Runsville said
Am Sherry
boy we got a whole bunch of anthraffs
definitely not but nevertheless
lastly check out a reputation in tenors
by Paul Craig Roberts
a Republican and former Reagan Office
over the states
Bush should be impeached and convicted
of deceiving Congress and the American people
Absolutely correct sure
Lou Rockwell dot com slash Robert
slash Roberts 101
NEO have a supervine vacation in Georgia
doing an admirable job
especially on religion
with a handshake Lawn and Sherry
Jacobs and well outside you're getting
from us no kids guys
oh
they like horses
I'm realizing you a heathenable
spitback to you
yeah let's report
I don't know
oh and I'm coming to find out that
Deakthroak's daughter
forget about the grandson
I can't but anyway
you read about the cult that she was
involved or whatever that thing was
no
she's bizarre she's a little strange
I'm happy to say I didn't really
watching news for a week
good actually
yeah we're a bit of vacation
good
that's right well I have a long vacation
come up in just a few days in fact
five more of these shows to do
and then most of it's a recourse
don't forget I'll be here two
of the in Thursday we should
put that on the website
yes
if Georgia be on Monday
Wednesday and Friday all summer
long in fact it'll be on all
next week because it's
vacation and we start to fake
I mean it's a phony schedule
a nice schedule
1013 at 560 WQA
I'm by the way
Moe like I told Hank
that was the worst
response I mean yeah
what response can you give when
you lay a giant egg like that
huh
well it's always me
it's always somebody else not
that I'm into dial
of course I'm a great
broadcaster I'm by way
yeah right
you are such a heap man
I say heap
heap
heap
when you're shopping for shoes
comfort fit and price
those are three ingredients
that it's all about
so get your answer
with a brandy shoes for the
most comfortable fit
in your favorite style of shoes
brandy's here is a humongous
selection just about every
major brand in the world
they got all the top names
like rock ports, four shine
a fisto, S-A-S, echo
new balance
all the other names that you know
when your feet love
and brandy's professional
shoe fitters will make sure
you have a customized fit
of your favorite comfort shoe
every time
just as for Arnie
he'll make damn sure you get
the perfect fit of the right price
and if brandy's you're never
butting your own
sorry we don't have that start
in your size because the best
it's a gigantic selection in stock
whatever you like they got it
you want it
it's on your feet
the pros at brandy's
understand fit and comfort
effort 25 years of serving
South Florida
they're still a family
business worth a trip from
just about anywhere in town
for comfort style fit value
and of course price as well
brandy shoes 1290 North
Federal Highway Pompano Beach
open daily
Monday through Saturday
till 9 Sunday till 5
and just in time for
Father's Day
for shine new balance
scary and rock
ports selected men
saw styles all on sale
this week
so be sure to get your ass
in the store this week
or do your shoe
shopping right on their
website at brandy's shoes.com
David's
bitch
let's go
I've got my bag of
words that you're
when me and everyone
you can't smoke
this stuff
no
someone please pass me that
fight
got my doctor's
permission that's right
pretty soon when I get the
bunches
cookies and milk will be
nice
and I'll provide
seller
client
ability
I'm safe away my home
Go home alone with my home grown that's what McCulloch
and singing ten nineteen a Q.A.M. Now that line nine is ringing which you think we
always take it to make goodness for that.
Nineteen hundred and see I thought there was going to be a great first call of the week
from out of town.
Good news being that there is no drop-off josh on the website on the stream and about
that.
So evidently well not yet anyway.
No there won't be because they think it's here was a streaming company this is one
case you can't blame our engineers.
You can't blame easily broadcasting you certainly can't blame poor fat Eric.
And don't play muskets we had none to do with that.
So the stream that was dropping out and dropping out all the crap looks like it's okay
right now we got the green light.
How about that?
In addition since you went on vacation right you haven't seen the green light.
No we have a green light.
You see that city on the ellipse.
Oh I remember what that was.
And a big green light to recorder up in the zero drop outs and it's a baby baby we're
doing it we're streaming it.
Nineteen hundred and seventy votes on the Friday over the weekend who is the biggest media
whore.
Jesse Jackson just buried the competition.
Seven hundred and thirty eight.
Paris Sultan 372 that talent was bitch Donald Trump 185 Al Sharpton 125 Nancy Grace
119 she should have done much better than that.
She should have been right up there on Jesse's ass.
God do I despise that woman?
Give me both.
Oh man she just gives me the willy.
I can still think of my stomach when I see her.
When I fully drown.
Oh geez.
Through Rosennow's state in fact she's like a female Dr. Phil.
Through Rosennow's state you won Ellis Rubin's 70 how it's turned 58 the king of all media.
A Jerry Falwell 50, Dan LaVancere 43, glory all red 39.
Bob Novak who ought to be on death row right now waiting execution 33.
Phil Rivers 19.
I was channel servant yesterday and that bitch was on the one of the home shopping
networks.
She's on that baby guy channel now.
Oh really?
And that link her she was even.
That only old goyamware.
Bo Diel 14, Kendall coffee 12.
Now he should have done better than that.
He was on the again Friday.
Come on you people.
Phil Curtis six who was like I said I like Billy's little melodramatic but he's just
on 75 different shows a little bit too much and John McCain six.
Okay, do we want to start with the really good news?
Oh wait a minute.
Line nine is a recall him Q.I.M.
Our first call of the week.
Hello.
Go away.
Go away.
The goal.
The tattoo is going to be good today.
It was great.
Here's the good news from overseas for suicide.
This is just today's news.
Then we'll get to the weekends.
Very brief though.
We don't want to like bog you down with that bad news.
And as Barbara Bush would say we don't want to mess up your beautiful mind with all
this depressing news.
For a suicide car bombings and other insurgent attacks today killed 10 people and at least
16 Iraqis were wounded after militants over the far right authorities trying to evacuate
the injured from one of the blasts.
So that's today so far.
Of course it's their way ahead.
What is it like six or eight o'clock in night over there.
So we don't have that much more time.
Get busy.
And for US soldiers were killed in separate roadside bombings west of Baghdad over the weekend
in the military city.
Yesterday two soldiers were killed Saturday when a bomb exploded near the vehicle outside
the Amarilla.
Some 25 miles west of Baghdad.
Two other soldiers also died Saturday when the vehicle struck a bomb near Takadoum.
A big apartment.
45 percent of those in west of Baghdad.
And we finally crossed that milestone.
And the 1791 members of the US military have died since the beginning of the war.
That's the new count.
1701.
It's okay.
It may have been a pretty good year but it's not a good number.
Over 1700.
As we continue.
And maybe this is just a coincidence but USA today today says today.
Nearly six in ten Americans said US should withdraw some of all of its troops from Iraq.
The new Gallup hole finds the most downbeview of the war since it began in 2003.
Patients for the war has dropped sharply.
His optimism about the Iraq elections in January has edged and violence against US troops
has not abated.
For the first time a majority would be upset if President Bush had more troops.
A new low of 36 percent say troop levels should be maintained or increased.
The souring of public opinion presents challenges for the president.
We's vibustar on course until democracy is established.
I want to know when democracy is going to be raised at this in the USA.
It's starting to be great.
We've reached the tipping point in Ronald's spectra a military historian at George
Washington University.
Even some of those who thought it was a great idea that you would have sought him are
saying, I want our troops home.
Remember in a network which George and Christian like the scene where we want this Saudi
deal stop now and they're all screaming and they're neat deep into their armpits and
their chin and their telegrams?
That's what they ought to be doing.
We want the troops home now like that.
That's what the Democrats ought to be doing too but they're spineless.
You go how I keep picking ass and you notice this is the new thing that all the panels
they sit around the talking heads be mown in all the Howard D.
He used to do it this year but yeah right below me.
He picked an ass how I tell it like it is.
Much of our bison are right winged hateful whatever they are.
Go ahead.
The pattern of public opinion on Iraq strong support for the first few years than that
he wrote is reminiscent of Korean Vietnam.
White House spokesman David Almese asked about the poll said it was vital for US peace
and security that we complete the mission by training Iraqis to provide for their own
security that our troops can be turned home on the honor of what they were the honor
they have earned.
He asked vital for our peace and security.
Was it vital?
Oh and they're in a fru-
Oh of course not.
Bush's approval this approval rating was 47% approved 49% disapproved of tick worse than
it was two weeks ago.
The poll is consistent with other recent surveys that you're growing concerned about the
war.
And ABC News walked in poll post poll last week.
Two-thirds of US military was bogged down in Iraq and nearly three quarters called the
casually level unacceptable.
That's before we picked that circle 1700 mark.
Why it's critical I have no idea but nevertheless.
Oh there's just all kinds of this stuff today.
Just all over the place.
Here's our, now the media curtain thing we've gotten Natalie.
We have three pictures of Natalie for you.
That's in bad news though for all you desk brothers out there who want pornography find
some porn websites.
Okay if you want the nudie pictures.
But it's starting to 23.
No we just George and I discussed this for about four seconds this morning.
And I mean while we want to put bathing suit, you these on there what's the big deal
with that.
And I'll go out and find our solicited.
Right?
The hell with it.
Just depending.
Yes and why should we risk putting fat Eric in prison?
Right?
Why should we risk his fat ass?
Because he ain't got, I mean he may get three squares in there or even maybe oblongs but
he ain't going to get enough food to keep him happy.
Just picture the shower scene.
Oh yeah I can just picture that right now.
Body wash please.
No soap for Eric.
Oh no that gets slippery in there.
But anyway so we're not going to do it.
No June 22nd will be your last be the curtain.
Josh George everybody.
Yeah well how about I like that he gives them I think for the end.
It might not look.
You know something maybe you like ought to do like a whole collage or hold montage whatever
you want to do you know whatever.
Hold the stuff.
It's Ralph Redneck with say a whole montage.
Remember that show is pretty weak.
I did it.
It was 26 last 10 at QAM.
20,000 to 50 minutes.
We got the scene.
The biggest personnel.
We got the real rocket.
So it's just a penalty.
We're 20 to 50.
Yeah.
QAM.
V.O.A.
Yes you CK.
Yes.
One one.
Joe Jackson says if his son is found guilty he'll take over as the custodial parent of Paris.
Prince Michael and Prince Michael the second here now is Joe Jackson.
Hi this is Joe Jackson.
You know I was once voted the world's greatest dad and I got the copy because the proving.
Although I had the crazy killer back together after I cracked it over Tito's head.
I've become a better popular and a husband too.
I explored with them Dr. Phil books.
Family first step by step plan for creating a phenomenal family and course self-matter which is creating your life from the inside out which I find a little bit perversive.
Oh wait a minute here come Paris.
Well Paris.
Grandpa's talking on a radio.
I'm telling people how to be great parent.
Get the hell away from me.
Get your scenes grandpa.
Don't cry.
What grandpa say about crying?
What grandpa say about crying?
Oh cry?
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
In a rough grandpa.
Now I have a wonderful model and custodial figure.
Look at what a great job I did with my kids.
I'm sure that I'll raise my grandkids up just as well.
Oh here come Prince Jr.
Now can't get see grandpa's talking on a radio.
I hope you get your cookie right outside the net be little head.
Get back away from it.
What grandpa say about crying?
What grandpa say about crying?
Don't cry or more.
Anyway as I was saying, it's got to be loving, supported and creates an environment where kids can thrive.
Here come the other Prince Michael.
There's another Prince Michael.
Grandpa don't hug.
What grandpa say about boys who hug?
Boys who hug grow up can be like daddy.
Get hell away from me.
Get your things out of my way.
Don't touch me.
Don't touch me.
We don't touch.
What grandpa say about boys who touch?
They grow up like fun to dance.
One thing I've learned from my successful years of parenting my six, seven, eight, nine kids is I don't know how many I have.
However, I knew the Lord of every one of them equally.
Especially Michael who has helped code the feed of family for the past 30 years.
If it didn't do that I probably wouldn't give him the time today like I don't that you're late.
Most important rule be loving, listening and be patient with the little idiots.
This is your Jackson.
How would your day get where I'm going?
I'm going to be doing this.
Point.
You know how I see cries just like when I wave ride.
Quizz at it for sure.
Yeah.
26 to 11 a QA and let's say a couple of facts is here I haven't even got today's pulled yet.
Here's the poll.
Who best fits this description?
Somebody neoprashes who I like a lot.
Of course I trash everybody release that get accused of that which is a damnable lot.
I have anything you like.
I am the good news is Jackson like deliverance thank goodness for that.
What's not the like?
Wee!
Why?
And he liked it part up in the woods.
Especially.
Anyway who best fits this description?
Anna Kronakoha, who you are 71.
Bill Maher, 69.
I don't I mean if you like these people that's fine more power to you to reach its own.
I would say Anna is attracted for a guy with big, terrific legs.
Bill Maher, 69 who again is a little poor poor.
Yeah and so he agrees with me on some things and what do I agree with him?
Who cares?
He's still a little poor.
Who's the one?
They're every funny.
You know what I think about people who think they're funny who aren't.
Steamy Dan 45, they're out of gas.
I think out of gas.
Yaldi 29.
Look I don't know if that's not personal with Yaldi.
Is it?
No.
I don't just like him personally.
In fact we had a couple of good crossovers last week and Friday he rose his stock rose several points in my book when he ripped Moan ass.
So it's a pretty good line.
And you remember what it was?
Josh I forget but it was it would very good.
It was excellent.
Nice call and gallery we like you a lot.
Come on, you can do better now more than one.
Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup, Shup.
That's it.
Yaldi 29 George W. Bush 28.
Oh yeah, right.
The butcher of Washington.
Mel Gibson 15.
Moharad David had fourteen.
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
So I didn't know he had that many computers around the house.
Spencer Fraser's ten, the Pope ten,
Galloway's six, Dave and Boran five,
Rush Limbaugh only four, thank goodness for that.
Rich Waltz one, they're on here Rich.
And that's why Cerny never put the results of that pull in there.
Who do you think you're kidding, Cerny?
How many weeks ago was that now?
Fuck good, man!
Where about to pull on Fasi Rasi?
Everyone would just have to disappear.
Oh, brother.
Goes to show you the power of the show.
We made monkeys out of that hole out there,
but it's a some-sentinel.
And this man, Rush, he's got one.
Two fairies.
Self-hating kind, that is.
Okay, some others for the pull coming in now.
From our Kubanah from Hollywood says,
whoopi Goldberg, okay, I'll obviously get that is.
Oh, yeah, you got a lot more.
Okay, to reach its own.
I'm not going to change my opinion to these people
because, oh gee, Neil, if you just like to an a little bit better,
I don't like Anna.
I think she's a beard.
Oh, love it.
She's always, you know what she's like?
She's like a female bent app leg.
And speaking of that, yesterday I was channel surfing
and there again was, what's that,
Matt Damon movie with Robin Williams?
Goodwill hunting.
Goodwill hunting.
And I watched like the last 10 minutes
because I looked to see what time it was over
and I realized it was the ass end of the movie.
And I realized finally the difference
between Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, okay?
Okay.
Matt Damon is likable.
Ben Affleck is just the opposite.
He is absolutely, you can't like him if you tried.
You're right.
You know what I mean?
Matt Damon is like, I mean, you know,
even if you think he's not that great of an actor,
it's that thing he's pretty good.
Yeah, just fine.
He's good.
And he's kind of true to you know,
with all his strange mouth,
I don't know what that's all about.
The bulb, I think I do know.
But anyway, but Ben Affleck, you just,
you just don't like him, right?
And of course he's created that firm.
So he's kind of like,
like Jelo that he was all these
phony relationships and these marriages.
Oh, give me a break, okay?
I mean, it's one thing to have a beard
and you know, I have a phony wife or girlfriend,
like Tom Cruise.
It's another thing to take it to such great lengths,
although Cruise does too,
but I mean way beyond that, you know,
the 85 phony marriages.
Anyway, we're not buying it.
We're buying that about as much as Michael Jackson
and Lisa Marie and Debbie Roe and Tommy Roe.
I think there's a better chance
of Michael Madam Mary Tommy Roe than Debbie Roe,
or Fish Roe.
Phil and Gainesville says,
someone he'll trashes while I like a lot,
Randy Roe's of Aeroamerica Radio, Randy Roe's,
I trash Randy.
Well, we can put her on there,
but I don't think I trash her.
I just say that she takes herself much to seriously
and that she's a Yanta and I wish you all the best.
Well, what do I trash her?
I don't know.
Basically what I say is that she takes herself
through seriously and if you don't support her 800%
degree with everything she says,
she gets to be a little bit uptight about it.
So what do I always say that?
And what?
It sounds about right.
I don't think that's crashing though.
I commend her for at least giving it the good shot, you know.
She's giving it her best shot.
She listened to me and listened to me and she knew she was ready
and whatever, now what she said.
I think that's what I still find out most amusing.
Never less.
I think there was a message here, Randy,
which happened to me time.
She's on the year syndicated on Aeroamerica
and I'm sitting here on 2AM with this signal, okay?
So more power to your Randy.
You've obviously got a better agent that I got,
which isn't saying much, Norma.
Hey Norma, you're a fairly silly person.
And according to Holi and Bill Marrow,
they seem to be the winners and of course,
if you like Stevie Dan music,
all I can say is your taste in music,
blows, that's my opinion.
Now what about Josh, you like Stevie Dan?
No, no, thank God.
Oh brother, see how he's all of a sudden
he'd like to deliver it and he hates Stevie Dan like poison
which is they would die.
I think George is really a big Stevie Dan fan.
No, I like the couple of this always back.
That was a hundred.
Are we out of gas?
Right.
That's music for sueds, okay?
How about you, Phil?
Henry likes them.
It's supposed to turn out to be a real sued
and they turned out to be a fake, a fraud.
Not sure if we put him on her too.
Paul, he's got all the bush gistens out there.
Oh yeah, Phil was still great.
Because he's seen the light and he loves President Boyd.
He knows that Sodom is a bad guy
and we have to attack all these there.
We're really, we're right.
What have put him on her too?
Just for fun.
Just to piss him off.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
And let's take a look at that award winning line up today
and then we got Hank back.
Hank made a very good point by the way.
Thank you, Humber.
I never really thought about that
because I was so underwhelmed by the mediocrity
and the stupidity and the embarrassment
of that whole episode on Thursday.
But this is blue right on by me.
The NFL game that was broadcast without an announcer,
obviously it was on television.
The dolphins in the Jetson 1980.
It was on television with the one answer.
How could you have a radio game with the one answer?
Mo.
Oh my god, the embarrassment level
of needle is off the scale.
When it comes to it, it's easy.
Oh my god, you're going to be a lot easier
to go against all of them.
Who's ready to fight for the team?
All right, yeah.
Ah.
Tonight on Extra, it's the Michael Jackson
and Rabbi Schmooley tapes.
So what you're telling me is that you can't live
without data dots.
I cannot live without them.
It's you told me right now.
It's like you should live with me.
It's okay, Michael.
I'm with you.
I swear to you, because I have nothing else to live for.
You got bubbles.
He's a nice team.
We can be more cool.
We're your friend?
Does that mean that I can't take the court
or phone conversations?
Now that's supposed to be his former spiritual advisor,
Rabbi Schmooley Votea.
I just like saying that.
Who does it?
Chooley Votea.
What is that?
Silly.
It's got like all religion and all the people
with a silly beard and a hat and a cap
and all the schmottes run around.
Only accoutrements, it's a crap.
Speaking of crap, the US military prison
at Guantanamo Bay drew fresh criticism
yesterday following that new time magazine report
on a logbook tracing the treatment of a detainee
who officials believe was intended to take part
in the night 11 attacks.
Times report on the treatment received
by Muhammad al-Khatani
prompted a quick defense from the Pentagon
along with outrage from several members of Congress.
Al-Khatani was denied entry to the US
by the immigration officer in August 2001
and later captured in Afghanistan
and sent to the detention camp
at the US Naval Base in Gitmo.
The 84 page log will contain by a time
and authenticated by Pentagon spokesman Larry Dureda
who's a real piece of work by the way.
And that's that tall skinny guy
that was always standing behind Rumsfeld.
Okay, beware of him.
Is the kind of document that was never meant
to leave Gitmo, a senior Pentagon official
told the magazine.
According to the logbook, which covers Al-Khatani's
interrogate interpretations from November 2002
to January 2003, the time article reports
that daily interviews began at 4 a.m.
and sometimes continued the midnight.
The interrogation techniques included
refusing Al-Khatani a bathroom break
and forcing him to pee in his pants.
It's not appropriate since Senator Chuck Hagel
on CNN's late edition with the unshissable blitzweigh.
It's not at all within the standard
of who we are as a civilized people,
what our laws are.
It tells us poor bastards interact
that were civilized people.
All the dead people, they can't hear you anyway.
They're dead.
In fact, we're treating prisoners
this way, suddenly wrong.
It's dangerous and very dumb and short-sighted
the University of Republican said.
This is not how you win the people
of the world over to your hour side,
especially the Muslim world.
During the period covered by the logbook time reported,
Defense Secretary Rumsfeld approved
16 additional interrogation techniques
for use on certain attendees.
Now, wait till you hear this one.
This will send you in the orbit.
All right.
Afterward interrogators began their sessions
without Katami at midnight,
and awakened him with dripping water
or Christina Aguilera music.
Oh, yeah.
If he dozed off the magazine article reports,
all I need to hear, talk about cruel
and unusual punishment.
Those who are awake in him with dripping water
or Christina Aguilera music.
The magazine said you mean.
Sorry, they said the techniques
that proved by Rumsfeld included
standing for prolonged periods,
isolation for as long as 30 days.
The removal of clothing,
forced shaving of facial hair,
and hanging pictures of scantily clad women
around his neck.
Oh, man.
While playing Elvis in the background,
saying, won't you wear my finger on your neck?
Hegel said such treatment should offend the sensibilities
of any straight thinking American,
any straight thinking citizen of the world, any human being.
Senator Diane Feinstein, California Democrats,
said on the same program that the treatment outlined
in the article presents a kind of ludicrous view
of the USA.
I don't know what tree we're barking
if she said it's a terrible mistake.
Probably one of the big redwoods out there.
Diane, I'll get back to you, Diane.
I don't know why we didn't learn from Vagranti
and referring to the U.S. based in Afghanistan.
I don't know why we didn't learn from
Harbugar, Arab prisoner in Iraq,
but here we are a gimpel
of many of the same things surfacing, what a surprise.
Hegel raised questions about the quality of leadership
that would allow such things to happen,
drawing a comparison to his own experience
fighting a Vietnam.
We've been reassured the last two years
it's not happening when in fact it is happening.
In other words, it's a part of life.
You've got it.
There's either a culture of leadership
or there's not.
He said this kind of stuff will fill the vacuum
and it needs to stop.
We want the Saudi deal stopped now.
Hegel and Feinstein said they weren't sure
whether the facility should be closed
and we're looking forward to Senator Judiciary
Committee hearings this week.
I wanted to retain East-Hand Eniquity Legal Protection.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee
is also planning to hear this one.
I wonder if I like to add all of this stuff.
I think we're going to have them teach me before
that express an introduction.
It could be wrong, but I don't think so.
In fact, this week in the Congress,
they're introducing finally some legislation
about having a timetable for getting the troops
out of Iraq finally after all of this time.
After we crossed the 17th, 17th, 17th,
11th and still counting.
And what did they die for?
That's the worst part.
They died to keep us free to make your back
a safer, a more civilized place.
No, we're all free.
They died based on.
Right.
Right, I got a whole bunch of articles on that too again.
Between a Tony Blair, see the one thing with the Brits,
that they do is they suck up.
Whoever is in there, you know,
see with Margaret Thatcher and Reagan,
it seemed like an actual alliance
because they were both right-wing lunatics.
But it doesn't make any difference.
You know, I'm a little bit of a blare
with flint and seem logical, right?
Right.
Both liberals, but then Blair and Bush just is tight
because the Brits will suck up because they know damn well,
but otherwise Una Bama Grande is coming.
Right?
Right.
Well, blow that big thing right off the map
if they don't cut the crap.
So that's what they do.
They just didn't really go along with whatever the US says.
They suck up and suck up in the life for us and cover up.
WNQIM, hello.
WNQIM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, uh, holding,
go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Oh, five six seven, oh, five six,
the good cause you're going to start in here today.
Count five six, you're going to rise in singular
rather slime, sounds to me like they got,
go, go, go, go, go, go.
On your mind.
Maybe we got all the people on the pole that we need.
And I can just go through my whole pile,
just make you happy with it.
All right.
That would make me happy.
Well, that's good.
Well, you never know that we had some really sensational
cause last week.
I don't remember any of them specific,
but we had a few.
Did we?
Yeah, about three.
That we wouldn't mind having again.
Well, the first of all, there's nobody around.
I mean, nobody with a life is at the 13th of June.
You've got to be kidding me.
It's nobody around everybody's out of town.
Especially getting rid of,
away from all that rain and the hurricanes are coming
and all that stuff.
Speaking of hurricanes, don't tell me they actually lost
again on the weekend.
They're done.
Yes.
So sorry.
What did they want to bluesy like last 11 in the road?
Something like that.
That's pretty embarrassing.
I think we ought to drop that stuff.
How many QIN?
Hello?
QIN?
Yeah, I'd like to speak with Nielpe.
Speaking.
Hey, I was just wondering.
I mean, there's an aside from what you're talking about.
Anything you use on the panther,
I know you stay up on hockey and Rookie Vashon.
Yeah, Rookie Vashon, huh?
Hahaha.
And Jacques Plant,
have your mama.
WQAM, hello?
How you gonna speak to Nielpe?
Speaking.
I look great today.
OK, back to him.
WQAM, hello?
I'm Nat.
WQAM, hello.
What a thought that is.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, you need a, I want you to.
OK sir.
I just want to say one thing to you.
I love your show and I want everybody to know.
I hope you have a good week.
OK, great.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello?
See, they know this is last five days before I get there long.
We said so they're going to make up for a long time.
QAM.
Hey, what's up?
I just got a birthday this past weekend.
My good for you.
Congratulations.
5670560.
The poll question is who best fits this description.
Somebody Niel crashes a while like a lot.
Now like I said, maybe we got old names on there.
We don't really need to be building this poll.
Oh, G1, not.
And then you drop it.
You know what it is?
They're coming on glue because they
thought out the beat of curtain is disappearing in about 10 days.
Yeah, I can see how.
Oh, G1, what are we going to do?
Find a new play toy, OK?
Get a compass in a road map and find a new play toy.
379 votes on there.
Already that ain't too shabby in the first hour.
See how everybody's on a town.
And the best news is look at that stream
and baby.
He's very screaming it.
On a screaming it.
They're screaming it.
No dropouts like that.
John, sure you impressed.
Very.
So we have to thank Muff, who of course
is a total panic.
You're very.
On Friday.
You should have seen her while on Thursday.
I didn't see her.
But just foaming it to Muff the Buffett whole most
thing because he knows that he sucked me into that whole deal
about putting that on here, promoting that far set of authentic.
So on Friday to make up for it, he ran,
running back to the engineers.
Those are the streaming as I all screwed up and he was upset.
Like that.
And you know, engineers as you all said,
but don't blame us.
But the engineers actually got in touch with the streaming company.
That's responsible.
We come to find out that the streaming
was all screwed up for power and everybody that streams.
It was a technical problem on their ass end.
So they fixed it.
And by one o'clock there was.
They replaced a part.
I guess it was just a part.
I'm not sure which part it was.
But that though, I might have been it.
And now we got no dropouts.
I mean, and then of course, seven of the callers
we had in the first hour already been dropouts,
but that's another story.
And they're exciting.
No dropouts so far.
So you have to complain about that.
But then of course, once the media crew just,
oh, gee, you know, you think Eric is bad with that.
You know, it's gonna be five years.
I don't know.
You're not gonna be on the air that long before they stop calling,
letting us know and or complaining.
I had a really good idea about that.
Speaking of how long you're gonna be on here,
there's like three and a half years left in this deal.
If I live that long.
And I'm thinking if they were smart, which of course they're not.
Until I croak they should like have you on.
And like, they take the summer schedule and just extend it.
So like croak.
You do Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
I'll do two things.
Thursday is slightly reduced to salary.
Slightly.
How many bucks?
30, man.
Who best fits this description?
Somebody kneeled, crashes.
I like a lot.
And we're pretty peeled with him.
384 votes.
Almost 400 votes in the first hour.
We got a chance for a thousand, hey, Jack.
Go go go go.
You think?
Probably not.
No.
Anna Cornelholy 91, Bill Mar 83.
He's a twerp.
If you ask me, he named a twerp, me, I'd say Bill Mar.
Little twerp, annoying.
And he's always got some bookies from one.
He's always promoting some book.
Steady and fifty six, throughout a guess.
Gully 33, nice going, Gully.
BAH!
George W. 31, 7.9% and number keeps dropping and dropping
and dropping because I mean, how many people in this audience
have got taste back bad?
They'd rather listen to Christine Aggllaire lower records
got a pair you fairy and rich walls has got the Solomentate Uno
What a come this boy
We've got four
What's when you'll buy six
Two way out
You'll run yourself
This is your brain
Any questions
You can make a death call
You can make a death call
Ribbit from the wall
Ribbit from the wall
Draw an answer head
So you can walk no more to crawl
Russell can
Russell can
Oh yeah, Russell can
Oh yeah, Russell can
Screamin' like a psycho
I bet hotel takes clerk
The crazy key we've got here
Can't get a call through
Can't get a call through
No, he brings some hands
No, he brings some hands
If he's just a first star
Why don't he have a cell
Russell can crawl
Russell can crawl
And he can crawl and he can do
And he can crawl and he can do
After he went berserk
The cops wiped up his little smart,
The crazy key we've got here
Well, he's been there before
What's the little war
Russell has a reputation
So we don't have a nation
Maybe he needs a vacation
Oh, this could cost some money
This could cost some money
He could go to jail
He could go to jail
These are movie stars
So they released him when I'm there
Russell can crawl
Russell can crawl
He's a major yacht
But he's a major yacht
But he's a major yacht
Screamin' like a psycho
And the hotel takes
We're the crazy key we've got here
It's a level 02 at 560 WQ
I never did give our award
But in line up today
Because I got sidetracked
Moe Howard David at 2 to 4
Doug Doug Doug Doug
Mad dog 4 to 7
Three solid hours of toughest time
And for the Mad Dog
Because the cops are playing
In the Marlin Zoo in Chicago
And it's not our luck
That's only one of that series is a big game
And that one doesn't start to pregame to 145
How about that
Oh wait a minute
145
Peter
Well, I guess it's out of your 15 minutes early on Wednesday anyway
We'll take it
Yeah
What are you eating now?
BLT
From Howey's
Thanks Howey's
Moe Howard David at 2 to Mad Dog at 4
Curtis 7 to 7 to 3
And then the Marlin pregame shows it's 7 to 3
Marlins at the club
You'll really feel at 05
80k follows
Marlins
Basable
145 on Wednesday
I'm thinking that we ought to like go on the same time as them
Okay, are they out of the other way around
I'm thinking it's 12 to 45 sounds better
Now this fact that you said me
I don't get it
Roger Waters
Wine eel
Why from one of our very very chronic tracks
Listen to his solo stuff
And I think he'll change your mind
Who the hell is Roger Waters
Who is the lead singer and primary writer of Pink Floyd
Oh
And when did I ever not think Floyd
You like Pink Floyd all the time
Yeah, they sunk
Okay
Yeah
I don't like Pink Floyd
I'm sorry because that makes me very very square
But I am already a accomplished man
I'm not able to hear music
But other than that
Okay
Not in the Pink Floyd
Wine eel
Because I don't like it
Okay, it's like saying
Well, how come you don't like fish
I don't like fish
Going to the market
You can't even stand a smell of fish
Oh, man
Ooh, geez
Another memo surface is
British government was told of me
For Iraq war excuse
You see this story
Nope
Well, here it is
Ministers were warned in July 2
This is from the times of London, by the way
Ministers were warned in July 2002
That Britain was committed to taking part in an American
Lead Invasion of Iraq
And they had no choice
But to find a way of making it legal
The warning in a leaked cabinet officer
Briefing papers
Said Tony Blair had already agreed
The back military action to give it a sudden was same
At a summit at the Texas Ransor President George W. Bush three months earlier
Well, let's see July 2002
Subtract three months in June
May, April 2002
The briefing paper for participants at a meeting of blurs
Intercircle on July 23rd, 2002 said
That since regime change was illegal
It was necessary to create the conditions which would make it legal
This was required because even if ministers decided
Britain should not take part in an invasion
The American military would be using British bases
This would automatically make Britain complicit any illegal US action
US plans as soon as a minimum
The use of British bases in Cyprus and the Ego Garcia
The briefing paper warned
This meant that issues of legality would arise virtually
Wherever option ministers choose with regard to UK participation
The paper was circulated
Those present at the meeting among whom were Blair
Jeff Hune
Then defense secretary
Jack Straw, the Foreign Secretary
That's Jack Straw
The Sir Richard Geer Law of Entie from MI6
The full meetings of the meeting were published last month and the Sunday Times
The documents said the only way the Allies could justify military action
Was to place Sodom who sent in a position
Where he ignored a rejected you and ultimatum
Ordering him to cooperate with weapons inspectors
But warned this would be difficult
Muidi Fisil
It is just possible that an ultimatum could be cast in terms in which Sodom would reject the document says
But if he accepted it and did not attack the Allies
They'd be most likely to obtain the legal justification they needed
Please suggestions that the Allies use the UN to justify war
Contradicts claims by both Blair and Bush
Repeated during their Washington Senate last week
That they turned to the UN in order to avoid having to go to war
The attack on Iraq finally began in March of 2003
The briefing paper was certain to add to the press
Especially on the American President
Because of the Davenging Revolation
That Bush and Blair agreed on regime change in April of 2002
And that looked for a way to justify it
In other words it was all
The pack of light
As if we didn't know that
There's been a growing storm of protest in America created by last month's publication of the Ministers in the Sunday Times
A host of citizens including many internet bloggers have demanded know why the Downey Street memo
Has been largely ignored by the U.S. Mainstream media
And let me say this to the U.S. Mainstream media before we go on with this converse reading
And that is those 1701 American dead soldiers over there
And the thousands of injured in the thousands and thousands of dead and injured their rackeys
That's all that blood is on your hands
You cowards, you quizzlings, you
You ferry
Right
All these Kim russert there and uh what's his name?
That old crow on CBS Bob, whatever his name is it's doing the news now
Cheaper?
Sheeper
Sheeper
By the way
Yes
That's one of the old country cornpone guy he is
Yeah
That's why their numbers are in the toilet
He's an old turd
And deservedly so
The White House is declined to respond to a letter from 89 Democratic congressman asking if it was true
As they're left over to the July meaning
That the intelligence that facts were being fixed around the policy in Washington
The Downey street in him a burst into mainstream american media only last week after was raised at a joint bookler press conference
Forcing the Prime Minister to lie to insist that the facts were not fixed in any shape or form at all
Right exactly
John Connures
The Democratic congressman had directed letter to Bush has now written to dear love asking him to say whether or not
It was accurate
Not that he believed the intelligence was being fixed around the policy
He also asked the former MI6 Chief precisely when Bush and their were degree to invade Iraq
And whether it's true they agreed to manufacture
He went and made him in order to justify the war
The illegal Iraq attack
He and other Democrats connoisse another Democratic congressman
Time to hold their own inquiry this Thursday
With witnesses including Joe Wilson
The American former ambassador went to Nigeria to investigate claims that Iraq was seeking to buy a rating
In more for its nuclear weapons program which turned out of course to be nothing but
That's a pack of lies
First we had to refusal by the White House to respond to the letter the congressman
Have set up a website downingstreetnemo.com to collect signatures on a petition demanding the same answers
Connures promised to deliver to Bush once it reached a quarter of a million signatures
By Friday morning it already had more than a half a million with as many expected have been obtained
We deliver it to the White House this Thursday
They needed a quarter of a million and they've already got over a half a million
After down these three dot org
Another website set up as a result of the memo is con for a congressional committee to consider whether
Bush's actions as depicted the memo constitutes grounds for impeachment
Yeah, it's about time, Dad, right
It has been flooded with visits they were upset after downingstreet.org
Fluttered with visits from angry people pissed off at what they see as media self-sensorship and ignoring the memo
It claims to have attracted more than a million hits a day even more than we get
Democrats dot come another website are even offered a thousand dollars to any journalist who quizzed Bush about the memo's contents
Although the Reuters reported to ask the question lies too. They was not aware of the reward had no intention to claim it
The complaints of media self-sensorship have been backed up by the ombudsman of the Washington Post
New York Times and National Public Radio NPR who have questioned the lack of attention the minutes of received from their organizations
The big cover up again, and they're busy telling us about watergate and Mark Felton is daughter and his grandson of the gods of a schmucka
Anybody give a crap about watergate anymore? Keep Gordon Litty. Oh, I need these people chuckle in his word again BS
No, I thought that movie that which one is that about trouble present working at the BS. Oh please
Man, oh man. Is there any slime balls?
There any convicted slime ball goes to the slimer and doesn't find God in Jesus. I got all they find there
Yeah, I'm sure that I'm sure they find plenty
back to whatever
Oh, and speaking of that Michael I got I wasn't gonna do that now, but you look at them
You steer me in a wrong direction. You got me off my course. The story today is that Michael Michael little motorcycle
Uh, may wind up in the same slimer with the Charles Manson
Oh, I wouldn't that piece when that piece weed, huh?
In the movie geeky faces. I actually like to see Charlie apply the body walk to that char
When you like to see that
I think it's a man. I kind of my problem. Oh, here it is
today tomato starry
If the child ball of station case against Michael's act ends up with a prison sentence the pop stars likely new home would be almost as exclusive as his neverland range
It's far from glamorous, but they protect their housing unit within Kirkwood state prison is considered a highly desirable
Refuge for inmates who need extraordinary protection for other prisoners
It's also a hand home to a handful of California's most notorious criminals. Oh, right
Occupants of its cells include mass murderers Charles Manson and Juan Corona who killed 25 Margaret from workers in the 70s
The unit housed Sir hand Sir hand was estimated Robert Kim to the 1968 and alleged until he was moved to a harsher lockdown in 2003
What about all of his other bullets that allegedly came from his gun that they found it, you know
We don't want to talk about that start up again. Yeah
Because the unit is so secure. It's considered a virtual oasis a virtual rust oasis in the 163,000 inmates state prison system
Some people have been there described as stretchingly calm
It's been real nice for me one unidentified inmates in the three-minute correction department video released last year
It's a peaceful environment. It's almost like being free on the street
Only one violent incident has been reported the house rules a lot more freedom than at most prisons
They know they're in a safe place. They don't want to ruin that it's a correction department spokesman Terry Thornton
It's an exceptional placement
Net lovely
Well, let's see it's 11 after 11 in 19 minutes. They're gonna be starting to liberate and cultivate again and speaking of dumb
Oh
Oh, man, that was the best
Yeah, I started to be very proud of that
Boy do I have the touch or what huh? That's a sensational
He looks touched to me
Anyway, it's an impeachment's coming to you now do you remember we had a story that I read oh a long time ago
That said that the powers that be the people who control all the behind-the-scenes mass nations
They already had it set up for him to like get in peace during a second term remember that no
I think so I remember reading it no dropouts by the way
That's again a very very crack staff. We got perfect. They got the big old crack pipe right now they're passing around the
Oh the engineering department forgetting that all fixed up for us right Josh
That's right
And the pull question today who best fits this description somebody kneeled trashes
But I like a lot and a quarter coven 96 bill mar 95 same person different legs
Stevie dan 59 yoli 37. They love jelly. They like it. Okay. He's all excited because he's gonna be a hockey season
Maybe George W 34th this fact
Mel Gibson 23 more Howard David 18
Uh Randy roads 14 and I still am not really sure why but that's okay. Phil Henry 13 is running randies
But the Pope 13 he's also piling on Spencer Tracy a dozen bill or Riley eight Dave and boring six
Uh, whoopie goldbird for Russia and law for pink Floyd tree Miss Madrux three hey Matt you fair and one for rich walls
Oh, you know who I gave a lot of respect for our song biography channel was they never knew this about him before who's that
Uh, hungry boar. Oh really because when they started the army with carthy enough the army McCarthy but the
Red baiting McCarthy witch hunts in the early 50s
All that red baiting and all that black listing of people right Hollywood and all the anti-Semitic and crap
Uh, hungry boar
When I'm with Ed morrow they played the audio be uh, oh he was uh, he had some balls man. He really spoke out
Nice going hungry there. Okay. He gained a lot of respect
It wasn't just that rule in the steel balls in his hand he had other balls
I would say he's not very cheap and so far
I might have to watch what got a cast of Lincoln I'll based on that maybe or the must remember this a chicken cannot
kiss
567 05 60 pound oh look at that 1114 already. How can it be 1114?
I'm getting carried away. That's flooded by time is flying right by before we know it will be Friday
And then the ball be in your court for a long long time
I died
You know calm cast is acting different and senior tv is gonna be doing the same
Comcast now offers more choice and control than ever before with comcast digital cable and the vr
Plasma rewind live tv with just a touch of a button just touch it
Never miss a moment in the big game again with the instant replay but you can easily record your favorite shows for an entire season
And make television fit your schedule is the phone ringing cause live tv talk like you want and restart your show right where you left off
No problem. You want me so thin plus there's no expensive equipment to buy a long-term contract to sign
Call 1 800 comcast today and get comcast digital cable and HBO for just
$29.99 a month for three months at a DVR for just $9.95 more a month call
1 800 comcast today and change the way you watch tv forever
1 800 comcast
Randy
Ah
Randy
What are you looking to me now
I'll see you
I'm
I'm
about to
say
I
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
I'm going to go to the hospital.
It's 11.20 am.
He ain't never said that.
I'm sure of that.
In fact, I got an idea.
We were talking about the football game without the announcer.
Well, what about if we have the Mohawar David show with no announcer?
Something to think about.
Absolutely.
5.670560, 0.560, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Somebody I trash you like.
That's the poor question today.
And a quote of a Bill Hamar.
They seem to be right up there on top.
Although Phil Henry is a...
Are you sure?
He's making a move.
You see that? He's going to pass Mohawar like he's sitting still.
He's leaning in the prone position.
Take a look at that.
Oh, yeah. In fact, he already is running on Randy's ass.
He's got 15, Randy's 17, and Mohawar's got 19.
Notice how they're all kind of lumped in there together?
72 a.m. Hello.
Neil, a person you've passed for years.
You're a good friend, Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie?
You like Joe. How do you think he does a good job?
I love Joe. Especially when he does a show on his own.
He really prepares well, I think.
Okay. Thank you so much.
Okay. That was Joe's boyfriend, Colin.
And I wonder if his wife knows about that.
Come on. He really prepares a lot.
Oh, my! Oh, my!
Good guy, but weak.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6.
He gets Joseph Gackie on there right away, okay?
He's on there.
WDQA and hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
A couple weeks ago, you were talking about...
You were having trouble with getting on some of these news sites
that you wanted your register and everything.
Right.
There's a bypass for it.
Good.
Bug me not.
Oh, yeah, somebody mentioned it. What is it called? Bug me not?
Right. Just do a Google on Bug me not.
And it'll come up with the installation procedure for...
So, you do that automatically.
Bypass it all at registration prep.
Right. It puts in them.
You can see some names in it.
It uses whoever registered the name with there,
whatever they registered with it.
And some of the names are just fun here now.
Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, Tommy.
Sure thing.
Bug me not. Got it.
Got it. The Herald is freshly.
They got some there, put in the registration thing on it for that crappy website that they've got.
You ought to be paying us to take a look at that.
You idiots at the Herald. It's a worst piece of swill.
I'm going to say for the 85th time,
if you want to know what's going on in South Florida as far as the internet,
some sentinel changes the website if there's any kind of breaking story they put it on there.
Immediately if not much sooner.
The Herald may well maybe they'll get around to a once they're finished feeding Barry, you know.
Spoon feeding him as a Whetina.
Got it. They prosthetic.
Thanks a paper sucks. Just look at their website.
And just take a look at Jim DeFeedy next time you see his ass on TV.
Was that last week of the week before I mentioned that?
A lot of them last week.
Oh. I'm on vacation in Europe.
And there was some South Florida story. I forget which one of those grotesque stories was going on.
But he's always a Florida thing.
And they hand him on CNN International.
And he, I mean his face weighs about 600 pounds.
And it was like unshaving looked like he just dragged him with a crane out of a humongous dumpster.
You have never seen anything like Jim DeFeedy.
So no wonder he keeps you right there.
Well, the Herald used to be a good paper. And now I work here, you know, like that.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Great show. The Herald is true.
Okay, good. 32.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Yes sir.
Listen, I want to see that.
That movie that we can miss or miss miss. You think I am?
No.
Yeah. Well, I had real low expectations.
Without Selena Joly and I went into basement.
Huh?
You're going ahead.
No, I went in with real low expectations.
And I actually turned out to be not so bad.
But I got to tell you the Angelina Joly.
Moken.
Moken, my friend.
He was like, I didn't want to be scared. I went with you.
I think you should see it.
Okay, thanks a lot.
That would do it for me. If Angelina Joly is smoking, then I'm going to go see her smoking.
Smoke it was.
Whatever. Whatever she can give her hands on.
As soon as she gets out of that thing down there with the dog in the basement.
5.6705.
Oh, 6.8.
Oh, 6.8.
Found 5.6.
And he verifies them in singular, wireless lines.
How many Q.Y.A.M. Hello?
Hey, Neil. One for the pole.
Yes sir.
Paul Castanolo and Robert.
Paul and O'Ron.
Yeah, I love them.
And you trash them all at the time.
And deservedly so.
Okay, thank you so much.
Old Paul and Young Ron.
What do you say? Get them on and now.
They had a big book and a big trend, which goes to show you, when they have no competition in the non-sports entertainment category there in the morning, they were doing it.
So Zeta went Spanish.
So Opie and the Dopeo disappeared.
Lexin, Drex, whatever they were.
And Steward of course vanished for obvious reasons.
And that's it.
So they got that whole plane field of themselves.
Mm-hmm.
They're no less than that.
That's for the answer.
As a matter of fact, I don't know about that because I never played this.
It's kind of cute. Who is it?
That's me.
Who is Binky?
A Binky.
Who is Binky?
Binky is with someone's kid.
I forget who.
Oh, that's cute.
Yeah, nothing worse than using people's kids like they're like a prop.
Like PD Lenny.
By the way, you want to apologize to you to PD Lenny.
It was fat loyal along.
Okay.
Now seriously, that was so embarrassing.
Well, not really because PD Lenny.
He had his annoying moments too.
Oh, I got something great.
Do you?
Oh, man.
Still, whatever.
What was I talking about the other week about the great product?
Oh, that's the flavor wave up and they will be showing up to the inside.
Make sure that Josh doesn't steam yours and give it to Danny for a father's day.
Why do you tell him that?
Why do you tell him that?
Before you came in, he already told me.
Make sure you get your...
Anyway, I got another great new product.
Okay.
Not good.
Great.
And that's probably that, not bad.
New maybe delights carries in our friend Alan over delights.
Carb solutions.
Carb solutions.
What they have...
I'm going to get out of the refrigerator so I can talk about it rather intelligently after the break.
They have...
And I don't care what anybody says.
Believe you me.
In fact, I got a straw and diabetes later, which I know is very boring, but boy is important.
And keep in those blood sugar levels nice and low is even more important than your blood pressure and a lot of other things.
And that's the problem when you dive into it because keeping that blood sugar down, getting anything that's got some taste, they've got salad dressings.
I'll get them out.
Okay.
With almost no carbs.
And they've also got like a steak sauce.
And now that I've got that flavor wave, and I make them like burgers and steaks all the time, you know, those carbs add up when you use them like a one or regular steak sauce.
Some of those are loaded with sugar like Peter Lugers, for example.
Oh yeah.
Great tasty, but loaded with sugar.
Very sweet.
Carb solutions.
Good stuff.
27 after 11 a.k.y. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelliando, the main man in acceptance capital mortgage before you call any other mortgage company.
Berkeley left the main man tell you what you didn't know.
Most banks only work with she is such a stiff, it's just unbelievable.
Most banks only work with three different mortgage products, and if your credit is less than absolutely perfect, you're going to get turned down.
You're going to hear that obnoxious two letter word.
No.
If you're not working with the right lender, the chances of getting improved are maybe 50-50.
So do yourself a big favor call right now and beat you the deal that you want that you're looking for.
Call one triple eight four eight three loan.
That's one eight eight eight four eight three loan, and let the main man in his team put you in a mortgage and meet you needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe being turned out because you call the wrong number.
Call the main man.
Anthony Kelliando, an acceptance capital mortgage toll free, one triple eight four eight three loan.
And every time they close the loan, a person donated to kids in distress.
So if you want the right deal, why would you want to call anybody else?
Avoid the old bait and switch.
Get precisely the mortgage deal.
You're shopping around for a call Anthony Kelliando.
Everybody's main man today at one eight eight eight four eight three loan.
What it comes to be your achievements.
Why is that the thing?
For our biggest personnel company.
We're going to watch your service.
For your business.
She way in.
Books on tape presents Madonna's first children's book.
I do not like green egg and ham.
I do not like to make lots more than six thousand tons.
I will not eat them in a train.
I will not eat breakfast off of two towers at the crack.
I will not eat them for a million years.
But I would eat with your tears.
Madonna's book on tape.
It made me tell.
And monkeys might fly out of my butt.
It's a lot of 32, 28-ton moon, a QA.
I give you the wrong name.
I said carbs solutions.
Yeah.
There is something called carbs solutions.
I think we used to have it on the ear.
Maybe it was something that Alan was peddling.
That's not the right name.
Carbs options.
Okay.
And something I just discovered.
In fact, these are the little bit of sweetness or whatever amount of sweetness they got.
With Splenda.
No sugar.
Got it.
I see sugar was listed in the green.
But it must be a little teeny tiny amount.
For example, the steak sauce, carbs options, steak sauce,
fat free, and 1.1 grams of carbs per tablespoon,
which is very, very minimal.
Most of them got like you, four, six, seven.
Good stuff to affect.
I'm going to start drinking some of this right out of the bottle during the show.
All right.
Greg, and they also have a spaghetti sauce,
which have them bought yet a tomato sauce, which is a low carb.
And now the thing that I found pretty interesting,
I just discovered are looking at these bottles.
The steak sauce is made by Nour.
You know, K and O-O-R are the, right,
with the dots on it or something?
They make like the soups, you know,
packaged soups to have a Nour.
Right?
That's by Unilever.
Dutch.
But the salad dressings are made by Helmens.
You know, like Helmens Vanne's?
Huh.
Well, I like Helvet.
Yeah, but they're still carb options.
So I don't know how to say that.
I get to say contract out.
Whatever.
Less than one gram of carbs per portion of the salad dressings.
There's a sweet tomato, a vinegarette,
that is absolutely out of this world.
Per serving 0.5 grams of carbs.
Half a gram.
They got some fat, but who the hell nobody cares about fat?
If they really were about their blood sugar.
And the ranch, which I don't really like,
ranch dressing all that much, but this is outstanding.
I could just chuck it out of the bottle here.
I might.
0.2 grams, 0.2, which is almost none.
I'll check it out.
The carbs.
Carb options.
Good stuff.
5,670560, 0.5660, and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
W2AM, hello.
Yeah, I want something new.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Oh, yeah, let me ask you something.
You're full.
Are you talking about people on the radio who you don't like?
Somebody in your trash, as it could be somebody on the radio,
could be an actor, a singer, an actor, say,
okay, well, about 50, something years ago,
I've been listening to you.
Yeah.
And you just have some of what anyone was a bird?
Yeah.
I want to add it to the bowl.
When did I ever trash the bird?
Oh, I can.
Oh, oh, oh.
Let me read you again.
Who best fits this description?
In fact, here's the poll question.
Name some people.
Okay, you were right.
Yeah, just give us a bunch of names.
That's right.
It's easy to think of.
Somebody kneeled trashes who I like a lot.
Now, if it was George trashes,
and then the bird might want to be on there, right?
I wholly ever saw it.
Or a bit early, who I mentioned last week,
while you're on vacation,
you really do hate him like porzen and spine.
Don't let anything you say, whatever.
56050560, and not that there's anything wrong with that.
I'm not going for that.
I know it's about having to be of me.
Not true, but it's more exciting if we say that.
I know.
I know.
I know.
It's about having to be of me.
I know.
I know.
Hey, what the way I am?
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Like I'm off that game with no one answers.
Yes, sir.
I was a hit boy.
I've seen fire and I've seen rain.
James Taylor.
That's almost the last time.
James Taylor put him on there.
We will.
Look at that.
We got almost a flat footed tie.
Why did they call it that a flat footed tie?
Never heard of expression.
Yeah, a flat footed tie.
I guess it's a flat feet or like even even.
I bought a dictionary of cliches,
and it's just in the bookcase.
I should bring it into here.
Yeah, flat footed tie.
It has all the origins of all that crap.
Oh, and yesterday, or at least sometime over the weekend,
I guess it was maybe Saturday in the college world's
history as they had a walkoff block.
A big apartment.
Did you see that, Josh?
I did not.
Arizona State.
They were like trying to, uh,
there was a runner on third base.
They were trying to walk the batter intentionally
to get her the next hitter for the third out.
What does it matter?
They won.
They beat Cal State for looking.
From the series.
Were you listening to me?
Okay, go ahead.
And the umpire called a block,
and it was a huge argument about it,
because they didn't see no block.
But we just tried to throw a ball for intentionally,
and the umpire said it was a block,
and when he runs scored.
Sorry, I like that.
A walkoff block.
I was joking about that.
They dropped the walkoff block.
Did they say that?
If you let me think,
or you are just out of control, man,
I'm asked, let's be that slave away,
loving your one, the BLT.
And that must be it.
It's just being a chewing.
Uh, I said that to somebody after I heard that,
I said, well, maybe they'll be calling it a walkoff block.
And sure enough, yesterday,
when he would do one like the results,
they said, oh, yeah, the colors world series,
it was a walkoff block.
And I went,
like that.
Bill Mar, 104,
and a corn of coval 101.
They are like almost dead,
even side by each nose to nose.
And then it's way down to stealing it in with 67.
See that?
I do it with a big drop-off.
Tell me QAAM, hello.
How about that, Cleveland River?
Tell me the QAAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why don't you try to go a day
without having some stupid poll?
No, no chance.
Please?
No way.
I can't say I'm going to go a day without this show.
It would be better for your life,
because you obviously don't want to show us.
Or why don't you find out?
No, no, just a party.
Find a party.
Find a party.
Find a party.
Find a party.
Find a party.
Find a party.
Find a party.
Find a dead reindeer.
Get out of our lives.
This is where we end up with a dead reindeer.
We seem to be doing just fine.
We're kicking big, smelly fat ass,
but you're just another one.
These misfits out there.
Why don't you tell us how to do this job?
We're doing OK.
Did the show for years without a poll?
A few more.
We did the show for 80 years without one.
And now we're making up for last time.
In addition to which, if we didn't have polls to build on here,
we'd have a lot more calls like you, which I could live without.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, to stop for a message.
As usual, they know what they don't like, but they can't be here.
They don't suggest anything.
He listens every day and we win through the poll.
How many years now?
About 30 minutes.
How many years we've been doing?
Why ain't this one time?
I'll do whatever I want.
OK, how about the seven months I did the show without another?
I don't even know if we did a poll back then.
No, he didn't.
No polls.
No polls.
No polls.
Just as a show all by myself, four hours a day,
reading stuff, rambling and reading,
R&R, reading and rambling.
And so now I do a reading and calling.
So we need great intellectual colors like yours on here.
All for the day.
Thank you for your call.
WDQAM.
Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, Pally.
Listen, for years and years I thought that shoot company was called Newer also,
but honest to God it's called Cagnore.
No, it's not.
I'm not making it up.
I'm not a good one.
One more thing.
No, sir.
You're not obsessed enough with slow hours.
Yeah, OK.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Yes, sir.
OK.
I want to comment and then add one to the poll.
Go right on.
My comment on Bill Mar.
You watch this, did you watch this show, Derni?
I mean, not this show, if you pay me by this, by the middle second.
Well, you're funny because I can't stay in the guy.
Yeah.
But he's got such good gifts on that I like to watch the show.
No, I don't watch your bill, Mar.
I do Tom Hanks on the poll.
Tom Hanks, OK, there's a good one.
But you know, Tom Hanks says a few people like him.
I do like Tom Hanks as an actor and you trash him regularly.
I hate him like boys.
OK, thanks a lot, Pally.
Can't stand Tom Hanks, man.
You talk about being like a little overdone.
Wow.
I'm trying to get everybody who makes more movies every month than he does.
What is he made?
How many movies a month?
About third man.
How far does that work?
He was OK when he was a silly person.
He was a goofball.
To a totality.
You know what would it be like?
It would be like if Jim Curie started trying to do like serious drama.
He did.
As a matter of fact, there was a show.
I guess it was on VH1 where they were showing all these comedians who tried to do drama.
And they brought that up.
He did the majestic, I guess, which is a drama movie.
Yeah.
And it was supposed to be just horrible, just horrendous.
It went over like Halify in Ethiopia, like that Mohawar announcement.
Oh, like the announcement about the No Anaster on the Dolphin Games.
And Nick Stamins is going to be doing the...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No an announcement.
Wow.
I mean, if you could have recognized Ashkin Verify this, I mean, I really plugged that.
We're enthusiastic because we thought we had like a little bit of scoop.
Yeah, right.
Like what Hank comes up with something that nobody knows.
And he gets the scoop on something.
We thought we had the exclusive.
And then he gets suspended.
But we thought we had the exclusive on it.
And then I'd come up to Fata.
I mean, just...
If I were to say Alayma, Texas humor, that would be the understatement of all time of the
millennium.
It's just so grotesque and so pathetic, so tragic, so mish-league, so juvenile, juvenile.
You know what I mean, Mohawar?
I'd like you to be after that juvenile.
I'd like to go for like a second child.
What comes to a condition?
What is the deal?
You're still a bachelor of education.
You're a bachelor of education.
You're a bachelor of education.
What's your deal?
I'm a bachelor of education.
You're a bachelor of education.
With the sewer of this place.
With Paul's and good friends, and praise to God, and say a prayer that Michael Jackson will
have the ability and strangle to move, walk his way, to justice.
It is my hope that Michael not suffer.
The complication of condemnation.
The agabasement, accusation.
The inspiration without the intimidation.
Let us instead implement rationalization, not segregation, for reconciliation and re-examination
and reabaluing.
A reconsetoration for the violentation.
A classification of presentation and callation.
And that the appropriation of all the facing for Michael.
I will answer your questions now.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
What did you say?
I love it.
That's your boy Jesse.
The great opportunist.
I mean, what has he got to do with that whole thing?
What is he doing there?
What does he have to do with anything?
What is he doing there?
Is it a racial thing?
I hardly think so.
It's a camera thing.
Oh, that's what it is.
It's a camera thing.
Okay, what do we got so far?
Who best fits this description?
Somebody neotrashes.
I like a lot.
And I'm pretty p.o. about a two-neil too bad.
Bill Maher, 111, and Aquaticoval, 107.
Steely Dan, 69.
George W. 47.
That's down to about 8.5%.
Of this audience still are too stupid to get it.
Jell-D 40, Randy Rhodes 29.
What?
I don't think I trash her enough.
I'm going to start doing it soon.
The response we got on that.
Let's start trashing her every day.
Okay.
Mel Gibson 25.
Phil Henry 24.
Are you sure?
Uh-huh.
24.
Can't understand it.
MoHauer gave it a time with Phil 24.
Don't see any similarities there.
Maybe the same haircut.
Pink Floyd 15.
The Pope 15.
Spencer Tracy 13.
Bill Orale 8.
Wuppie Goldberg 7.
Dave Van Boring 6.
Paul and Old Ron 5.
Joe Zagaki's got four.
Wresselam Ball 4.
Miss Mad Garage.
He's got three now.
Duke Ferry.
Tom Hanks 2.
Rich Walsh 2.
James Taylor, uh, Solomon Thaewoon, 561.
If we could get to 600 and some votes by, uh, the top of the hour,
we could make our thousand a day, Josh.
We're going to have to be great in the middle of the summertime during the dog days
when we know everybody's out of town.
Now it will be quite an accomplishment.
Quite a feather in our cap or in our, uh,
Braco somewhere.
Yeah, well, but it's not going to happen.
You are so negative.
We didn't get a thousand most ones last week, did we?
We never tried.
We never had a chance.
Well, first of all, because I see the reason that happens.
So you don't understand something.
When you're sneaking that extra pole in there between like eight and, uh, whatever.
Yeah, but we, you know, and then, no, listen to me.
And then you start over again.
You start with a fresh number.
Now this one started at eight o'clock.
I mean, if we just started this pool,
we were just over the, like we used to, uh,
there no chance because they just, they just started.
There's not that many people to choose from right now.
It's dog days, man.
You know that?
Like George was telling me this morning about the great driving over the weekend.
Nobody on the road.
Not at least at Hollywood.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Wow, this problem is in Hollywood.
They got real tourists over there.
That's what my would say if you were here today.
Boy, she'd have her own publics right there across the street.
What a shame, you know what?
I told her quick, uh,
I'm sorry, I grabbed an invitation so much.
Quit being such a good guy.
She wouldn't listen to me.
A staff paper prepared for British Prime Minister Tony Blair eight months before the invasion
of Iraq concluded that US military officials were not planning adequately for a post-war
occupation, says the Washington Post.
A post-war occupation of Iraq could lead to a protracted and costly nation building exercise.
A third of these are the briefing memo wrote according to the post.
And isn't it, isn't it, the president said we're not in the nation building?
That's what he said.
You know what that was?
A lie.
Oh, the pack of lies.
As already made clear, the US military plans are virtually silent on this point.
Washington could look out to us to share a disproportionate share of the burden it's in.
The eight page memo was written in advance of the July 23rd, 2000, to meeting at Blair's
Downey Street offices.
It said the memo and other internal British government documents were originally obtained
by Michael Smith with the London Sunday Times.
The post said the introduction of the memo, a Iraq conditions for military action, said US
military planning for action against Iraq is proceeding a pace, but that little thought has
been given to among other things the aftermath and how to shape it.
And boy, are we seeing that right now, hence all of these innocent dead people on both sides, on all sides.
I mean, how in the world can, what have we got on there so far, eight percent, eight and a
half percent of this audience still love George Bush?
Based on what?
Based on the way he's trying to soften your social security money and give it to all his corporate friends on the stock market,
is that what it is?
That must be it, huh?
Based on his tremendous success, we're having an Iraq, right, prophetic.
1701 dead people based on a pack of lives.
But of course it had nothing to do with the sexual hanky-panky, so therefore no impeachment yet.
But we're starting to get the rumblings of it, you know what I mean?
Like, after you have like a big, heavy meal or eat certain foods, you're getting them rumblings that dirt away.
You know what I'm saying?
The curtain.
That's what we're starting to hear now.
Read about it, hear about it, start to make a little bit.
And then of course, thank goodness for Howard Dean.
Maybe he's the one that's going to whip up and off crap now to like get some stuff flying.
And so this is kind of sitting back.
I have really see stuff flying and hear all this lying.
This is the way I look at it.
We hear enough lying working the QA, and where we always get it.
A pack of lives.
Which is our speciality.
Just ask Greg Hilton.
I don't believe in them.
560.560.560.
And we provide them in singular wireless lines, getting some sensational calls today.
These are my favorites.
These are my favorite moments.
Us and the callers.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, my friend?
Pretty damn good so far.
Listen, Neil.
I think it's judgment hugely impeccable.
What do you got to give Mr. James Taylor, Mr. Mellow?
That's it.
I can't stand him.
It's like syrup.
Everybody likes a little bit of syrup, but when you put too much of it like on your banana
split, it just makes you want to pass out.
It makes you swoon.
Mel is you right out of the universe.
Yeah, I just can't stand him.
Makes me nauseous.
Neil, I probably say.
Probably Simon says he agrees, by the way.
Yeah, big lift.
I almost put him in the funny part of my heart.
Neil, have you heard the latest on the government having trouble getting guys to go over to your
soy rock now?
Yes.
Do you think the big D is next to the D-R-A-F-D?
No, I think they're going to have to bail out before we get to that.
The public would definitely be in peace at that point.
You know, I'm shocked.
We're going to have to start drafting kids to go over there.
I mean, they're letting people sign up as the oldest 42 now for quite a while.
If they start sending kids over there in the draft based on a war on lies, you know damn well he's out.
He's done.
42, I just turned 43.
Oh, boy, you just thank goodness for you, man.
No, I ain't fighting for that, but let's do Neil with one more thing, guys.
Yeah.
Love your show.
Keep telling the truth.
Somebody's got to tell us.
Okay, pal, I see you.
5.6.7.05.60.
The way we have to do that stupid pull, you know.
Yeah.
We have to cut them.
We always have something to bet your body complaint about.
Then it may seem like Mr. Pleasant by comparison.
This is only a radio show.
Off the air, I have it to be a pretty easy to get along with Pleasant guy, a pussy cat.
Right.
5.6.7.05.60.
I keep giving the number four because it kills him a good time because I realize that after that it's only four more of these minutes that long for a track to three months of.
Oh, pleasure.
Even if I lost my ass every day that I went up to it by an awesome vlog, it would still be just such a sensational.
And I don't think that's going to happen because Saturday, man, it was a noticeable loosening over there.
They better start loosening it up, pal.
I'm going to get those government people in there again.
Get those RCMP, the Royal Canadian Mounties would be in their mountainous.
You think?
I'll tell you how big your QIM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
The only problem with impeaching push is that the cany-read precedent, right?
Yeah, well, that's a point.
And that's worse, well, my.
Although you really is president now anyway.
And you have Orlando Alcaviri on your pole?
No, I do not.
Okay.
And I know he's rock solid.
I like Orlando.
Okay, well, somebody's got to.
And I think he's great.
Bye.
Thanks.
Bye.
She thinks he's great.
You know who she's talking about?
Rock solid.
The big, oh, let's get the big O on there.
You can put it on as however you want.
I mean, probably the bigger would be easier unless you think you can spill his life's name.
5, 6, 7, George can probably spill it for you.
Yeah, I know.
Now, here's that story.
It's a little wide on the schedule.
How big of a friend?
It's on the schedule for you.
Oh, that's right.
Very easy.
It is right there on the same day.
And look at the way he spells that.
It looks like 17 years.
It looks like perigway, doesn't it?
You're a perigway.
And you're a perigway.
And my way.
Rock solid.
You are gay.
Oh, God.
That's what it says on there.
You are a...
You're fair.
Yeah.
Were you listening to this?
I know you're not that bad.
Yet.
Now, you won't.
Neither one of you.
Well, maybe I think George will be.
You can keep eating all this food.
All this food.
You can keep feeding him.
Yeah.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
I'm sure you'll be able to eat all this food.
You know what I'm talking about?
Mm-hmm.
And they're showing it right now as a matter of fact.
They could see how it all develops.
It's not going east as quite as far east as they were predicting.
And so it's going up like Kansas City and Chicago and Minneapolis
and up through there.
And I don't think we're going to get any of it.
When you want it to rain, it won't rain.
Jesus Christ Almighty.
We need a really good look at downpour like wild thunderstorms.
They were like, not my stuff off here for the rest of the week.
They were like, not my stuff off here for the rest of the week.
But seriously, it's not going to happen, which pisses me off.
Because that was expecting it.
Don't you ever want to run?
Of course, I shouldn't say this for you people.
Because every day now, it's been raining like crazy.
Look at that Phoenix.
It's only going to be 104 today.
Well, that's in a great wide.
You're like a really great downpour.
Just kind of like clear everything out of the air.
If it doesn't, then after it finishes, you walk outside.
And it's like it's a real mojaya.
Can I get to this diabetic story?
All right, if you must.
I'm telling you, okay, you don't want to, I won't do it.
It's important stuff, if you're diet, that is a really important thing.
Listen, knowing the fat slabs that we got listening to this show,
but either now or very soon, they're going to need this information.
I'm just telling you, it could be a lifesaver.
I realize it's not important.
And I'll think about it during the break.
It's quite cumsel-like to you and I'm going to get you some fuel wires.
I'm trying to get you some fuel wires.
I'm trying to get you some fuel wires.
I'm trying to get you some fuel wires.
I'm trying to get you some fuel wires.
This is Mark Morgan.
Is the 12-1 hour on Q-8L.
I have got, yeah, it's good.
Good.
には the adjunctin
I have become bigger than mine
Kiss her
Grief thing I need
Right
You fairy ears
Right by me in surety short
I would double accept from meaning ice cream blinded cold
My dirty shoes won't even button the mold
It's a dress that's fit in a 44
Alright, let me give you a little interruptus, a little heads up on this
Listen very carefully to the ending on this video, okay?
I look like a beach rail watcher on shore
I'm a man of gillies and a queen
I don't want to go on a 46-inch ring
So be the goal of the city
Now I can say I've got painful
Because I look like a joe
I can't even fit into my head fall
This doesn't will painful your health
I got a fight like the living hell
I'm not feeling all that well
Because I need one of three pounds
Okay
How do you like that?
I already pulled the plug there
Is that incredible or what?
Maybe just ate so much?
I'm dying out of it
You know, just like in the fan cell
Have you seen last week while you were on vacation for an band croftide?
That was band
Yeah, I saw that one
We love an band croft
It's gonna happen to everybody
And sooner or later it kisses us all
I was really surprised that they said almost nothing about Mel Brooks
I don't know why
You ate the only
I mean, that's why I'm so great
Huh?
When you think that they were like when Gilbert Radford
I were kept hearing about Jean Watt's name
Oliver Wildman
Wildman
Wilder
Somebody says Jerry Seinfeld on the pool
Which is a very good choice
Because they're actually amazing
I'm shocked by this
There actually are people out there who like Jerry Seinfeld and things like that
He's funny
Which to me is just why you like Jerry Seinfeld?
I like the show in the day
But I don't want to know
How do I want to repeat?
That is just shocking damage
He wasn't the one that was funny on the show
Was everybody else?
Man, he just gives me spiel fees
Anyway, get him on there right away
He'll get a lot of votes
Seriously, I thought, oh, that show was so big
Okay, whatever you say
Diabetic control glucose lower cardiac risk
This is in USA today today
Today
Early intensive treatment to keep blood sugar levels close to normal
And people with diabetes can cut their risk of cardiovascular disease
By about 50% and the risk of heart attack and stroke by 57%
Much better results than those achieved by any cholesterol or blood pressure drug
Researchers reported yesterday
The finding, which was presented at a meeting of the American Diabetes Association
Edged to mounting evidence that the sooner and more aggressively diabetes is treated
The lower the risk of serious long-term complications
It's pretty astounding, ADA-science-evitable-director-richet-consisting of the study results
This is just major. No other study has shown an effect of glucose control on cardiovascular disease
The clinical trial involved people with type 1 diabetes
But there's no reason to think that type glucose control might not be a benefit of the type 2 population
So study co-chair David Nathan, director of clinical research, and Massachusetts general
But that hasn't been shown in the study yet
Type 2's averaged 30 years older
Not 30, man!
Then type 1's and diagnosis often have other heart risk factors such as high blood pressure and obesity
All set
The study involving 1375 patients as a follow-up to the diabetes control and complications trial
Which began in 1983
Participants were given standard care or more intensive treatment
Which meant more frequent daily blood testing and insulin injections
Results of that study reported 93 showed that patients who kept tight controls of blood sugar
Or glucose for about 6 and a half years had much lower risk for eye, kidney or nerve damage
Years later, even after blood sugar levels rose
The new data showed that even more than 10 years after the initial study period
It does in the group that kept close control of blood sugar levels early on
Are less likely to have suffered heart disease
How do you like that?
Okay?
Show another word, Joe, when in doubt
Keep checking it out
Get that thing out
Check your acutect
Check that is
I don't know there's all these other different matters, anything in different brands
Oh, it's even that you gotta keep sticking your finger off or the people who say that
You're just like the time-drecked school of whosifying
Oh, I don't want to find out about my cholesterol but I'm so afraid to get my blood drawn
I guess dying is, you know, that's no sweat
Right
Get your blood drawn
I just have about 5 to 6 days, I'm just trying to keep those take your blood sugar several times today
Those of you who are either pre-diabetic or die of baby, eat one or two
Okay?
And keep that baby down
Don't be running after eating that damn ice cream and thinking you can get away with it
And Josh will be very proud to know what day is it
Monday, let's see, 7, 8, 9
This is the 10th consecutive day in the ice cream for this kid
You don't want to tell George what you told me about how long we're not gonna eat it
Oh, it's a little week after we're our labor day when I come back on the year
Okay, I mean five days a week
What?
Yeah, I know a week
I got a week to lead our ice cream at a time and he's gonna eat it that long
I got this is my 10th day, wait, hey
What do you say?
What do you say?
I'm a block on it
Oh, in other words, you don't believe me either?
I have my doubt
Well, you see, you should know better now because you know that I re, oh that's right, you weren't there last week
Well, early in the week, I thought I was dying over there, I mean, I said, last week was a Saturday
I woke up and I thought either I had a heart attack in my sleep or I was like an avert
You have one, I had all this object and it turned out I think I'm gonna get checked out
But I'm pretty sure that it was another ugly episode of my irritable bowel
Okay, and you should know about that
Yeah, I do
Another big dots
Sure
Well, let me tell you right now, and of course it was really, first of all, it was started out by that meal in Florence
I think that hummingbird egg that I had
But then it was really spiked by a meal I had a wood vine which I wouldn't wish that food on anybody on Hitler
And then two days before the last Saturday, I'm through the, about two hours before I went to bed
I had to find a hug and I was been in and not two hours before I went to bed
Now if you imagine the cocktail or any of the disgusting stuff going on in my gut
And I woke up Saturday and I thought to myself
I'm dying over here
And so what I started to say was you should know I respond very well to like the last evening situation
Wake up calls, you actually wake up
Exactly
And unfortunately, you know, I've been real lucky I have the two minor strokes and after each letter because it IOD back when the first one came
I weighed 240 pounds, I was bigger than a house, I was bigger than a condo complex
And so I lost a lot of weight real fast
I've stayed pretty much at that round of 190 years for quite a long time with a few lapses in between
Two laps
Yeah, so that's my thing, no ice cream until, and he doesn't believe me, he's like, haha, like that
Not only no ice cream, not every fine carbohydrate crap
Little good
That's why I was so excited to find a carb, what is it in carb, uh, carboxy?
Auctions
I wrote down, I'm gonna look for it
You ought to check that out, and say, they were just saying all the little things you can do that little car stuff
I don't have to tell you how it tastes like
Yeah, I know, they'll take you, yeah
But this is good tasting stuff, well good
Yeah, you know, it's like a little bit, you know, if you can just wean the sugar out of your life
It was exactly at a time
Oh, here's a good one, radio show is weak, but his books are gray out-frankin'
Yeah
Well, I noticed I tossed out of some talk show, you read that article?
I don't know if I put it on the side of it
No, watch anything, I didn't read anything
You know, that stupid talk show magazine where all these idiots stand around and pet each other under back
Right, they're hawkers
So he got up there, man, I'm about, and he went on
And then they finally shouted him off the stage, but they wouldn't shut up already
And he started almost broken the tears, out-frankin', give him on the right away
Give him a break
Jerk
Iron Mike says his career is over, does anybody care?
No
I didn't even mention this to the Humber this morning, why even bother?
Mike Tyson's career apparently ended yet another shocker to him Saturday when he quit on the stool
After taking the beating and the foul-filled, yeah, he quit on the stool
After taking the beating and the foul-filled, no comments, he's already been so well-healed and Kevin McBride
Tyson lost for the third time in his life for a fight and once again he faded badly as the rounds went on before
Deliberally, head-butting McBride and a desperate attempt to end the fight in the sixth round
I don't have this stomach for this anymore, Tyson said, I most likely won't fight no more
I'm not going to disrespect this sport by losing this caliber of fighters
But I'll take the money, thank you
Tyson was like Stevie Dan, he was out of gas when he was pushed to the canvas as the sixth round ended his hint stuck between the ropes
He stayed there for several seconds before finally untangling himself from the ropes and wobbling back to his corner
When referee Joe Cortez came by to look at him, his corner told Cortez the fighter could not continue
Cortez then went over and raised McBride's hand and victory while he still sat on his stool
I could have gone on but I thought I was getting beat, Tyson said, I don't think I have it no more
Oh God, I mean enough or any, now was this one of those pay-per-view things Josh? Of course it will
Oh God, and some of you idiots that actually paid to watch this crap
Every Tyson fight is a paper
Tyson was paid five, do like his fried chickeno
Tyson was paid five million dollars for the fight which was on the low end of the person he's made in his career
After his creditors got two million, the IRS got its cut, his ex-wife got 750 grand, there wasn't much left for him
Tyson still no, I was nearly 40 million dollars, never put plans to frame the fight up to seven times to pay off that he says, uh uh
McBride was paid 150 grand
So he just keeps fighting these bums and putting on these charades and getting idiots like some of you folks out there
Stuck in to pay to see this garbage so we can try to read
This is a guy that's made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in his career and he's broke
Do we feel sorry for him? I mean forget about that
He's a slime ball, the stuff that he's done
And all his biting comments, you know
No, seriously, why would anybody, what kind of person pays to watch that garbage? I'm a masochist
Somebody who enjoys punishment
There's something I've listened to the show before about the poll
12 minutes, in fact wouldn't it be something that could be through one whole day, one for our day without any complaints from the whole world?
Are you kidding?
Is there anything that's possible? No
No
Come out it's after no, we got Moe Howard David at the close door
So it'll friend it too, mad dog it for and then we got the Curtis at 7 for a little half hour fill in there to fill him
Before the Marlin game, Marlon's on neck at 7 30 Marlon's at the Cums 80 5, 8, 8 after the ballgame
And Wednesday at 145 Marlon pregame show
From Ridley Field
If you're in a market for a new car or truck then stop by Armstrong for the homestead this week
Ford has offered new discounts and prices right now are well below the market price
Right now at Armstrong Ford, their financing is always 0% or rebates up to 6 grand or
You can drive away in a brand new Ford and make no payments for six months
The bottom line of all of this is that when you end up the Armstrong Ford discount and the bonus cash and senate from Ford
There is absolutely positively no better time to buy a new Ford than right now
So pick up that phone call David Rich to GM
305 24751 12, ask David for the Neal deal they got a great deal for you in a brand new Ford just if you listen to this show
When you buy a performance from Ford homestead you'll also get their on-hurt of but they do it all the time
They're exclusive tires and batteries for life programming your vehicle too
You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere no bait and switch no foany deals I'll bet your most life on it right now
Armstrong Ford at homestead 307 25 South Fixie Highway 20 minutes south of the 836
Give David Rich a call 305 24751 12 and ask about that Neal deal or on the wicked way of its Armstrong cars.com
But whatever you do be sure and stop down this week and save a ton to have a little extra and save thousands on that great new Ford at Armstrong Ford of homestead
You can't come to sports, you can't believe it, you can't believe it, you can't believe it
School wheel bikes are amazing
I'm gonna give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this
Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great I thought he called me and
Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen listen to 101.5 let me see what age group
101.5 for Howard maybe 102.7
It's a measly listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boka
Howard from Boka it's like you know it's okay so anyway he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out
And don't call my show to just for a record don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and
I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations. You know the private line number that's great but don't call because you're not coming on this show
You got you've got your three hours five to eight money through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show
And we'll leave it at that all right I got nothing against you you seem like a decent person
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station but it's over me and you done coming up tonight
I'm inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity muse of biography profile story
She brought the general relaxing sounds of jazz of the pop charts
God like the 80s were dope enough she was shot a
Oh yeah that's smooth all right
Oh man this is easy to come out of the son of two
Damn Chad they could you rip it up a little girl friend
Oh nice one you freaking moron what will you drunk but much no no I was listening to Chad A
What?
Oh all right that one yeah
Oh please I didn't mean to yell at you mister
That's all right
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
It's God a!
If they won't refill your Xanx chill freaking do
It's a big juicy softy web like a to business tonight and inside the behind
They've got me recorded this part before I fell asleep
We will never do it again
Its description somebody your vetY сх幾 years ago
You know there's not all these complain saying Vety Curtain
Yeah, you want to know why because it's still there right we got a picture for today. Natalie whoever she is
But starting June 23rd you won't see that be a curtain no more
Anyway somebody I trashed they are like a lot Bill mar 130
130 for Bill mar that little twerp and a corner cova 116
Steely Dan 73 man nobody does music like steely Dan
Thank God
George W. Bush 59 8.8% they're freaking and now he's moving up back up to the east side
Yolte 44 Randy Rhodes 38. You know how she's right on Jaldi's ass now
Is it feel hundred thirty four they both passed more like he was like I said lean in the prone position
Mel Gibson 27. How could anybody like that?
What is there to like about him about Mel?
He's been in a lot of good movies. Oh, no more. How are David?
It's a 26 pink Floyd 25 the Pope 18
And I just said the Pope it could be any of you old Pope this Pope pick a Pope you like Spencer Tracy 13
Tom Hanks 8 Paul and Ron Paul Castron over an old Ron Brewer 9 8
Who pick over 8 and 8 and 8 Dave and boring 8
Bill or Robbie 8
James Taylor's got five. I mean something needs to ask me why I don't like about James Taylor. Oh
Maybe you haven't seen fire you haven't seen rain or rain. Yeah, I'm looking for that rain once I see the rain
I like him a lot better
Georgia Gaki 5 time with James Taylor. They look kind of like look a lot alike
Rush Limbaugh is stuck on four and that's because this audience hates him like poison
Miss Mad Thrust. She's only got three you ferry
Al Franken's got a pair Jerry Seinfeld's got two the big oh got a pair
Rock solid and rituals has two now I've realized I was 668. That's not so great
6.74 now just changing it. We got a shot of that thousander in the show if Josh would lean on it
Yeah, lean on it now. What kind of you PS is gonna show up with his flavorway because today supposed to be the day for delivery
I got the I don't know when I got here this morning. I saw much a male and I sorted through it, but uh, yeah, I can nobody positive the male
Yeah, this may be looking through those envelopes
Maybe maybe they compress it to get it real fast. Let's see the order of a repeat but it will put about to have any questions. What's this?
That's not the one here it is for Josh quarters WQ I am
UPS ground waste 32 pounds and that's because there's two of men there one for Josh one for that. I mean one for George and
Let's see we shipped a schedule of every June 13. What's it a today?
Why are you playing that? It takes to be annoying. Yeah, you're succeeding. Hey listen like I said two of those flavorway to look seven one for Josh one for his dad
Well seriously you will love it if you guys don't love that thing. I'm telling it's
It's just a much higher. I'll try tonight if I get I hate to say this because George is the one who gave me the
Lean mean real machine was you know, that was fine. It's time. I appreciate it was you know, I like George format a lot as a fine little
My it's a good machine
Well, I was thinking of it's a good machine. My my sick mind now you remember I told Hank
We talked about superstitions gamblers have and about how when I go to the tea room I I tried it like
P in the same year and all the time I got my lucky year
I know it's ridiculous. It's a stupid thing
Gambers have different superstitions about doing different silly stuff. So anyway, I was standing there on Saturday
And I got the bottom of my head. I'm a good latrine man. It's a good not love
And I just started chucking myself and people are looking at what I always miss my life
But I'm doing that. It's a good latrine man
Anyway, I have a favorite one too. It's the small one the one that I can reach I see
Yeah, the short one for little kids right that's why I wanted for midges and little kids and jockeys
Well, they usually don't have a step stool in there just a stool
How come Hank didn't say anything about the fine-raced a Jeremy Rosarang in a Belmont to save all the ground?
Nice job there Jeremy whoever you are
W2A and hello. I use dinner. We don't care W2A and hello
Yes, I
Have I think what it is one of the most perfect people that Neil is always putting down and I have a
Story why he's putting them down but you know doesn't realize it's like the clerk
Why Michael Moore?
Did what he did to have the clerk that caught up and all that crap?
the clerk was
Almost forced to join the welfare to work organization because
Him being the man that he is
You know that yeah, him being the man that he is or you're a dick clock
You've got to show something and a happy poor woman and listen now
He was his organization was forced to work many to
Participate in that yeah
You know
Because you need the extra money from that. He's only got what about 85 made by the way help me dead pretty soon
That's a good news. Okay, put the clerk on there so that big vote for him. I'll tell you how do you like that? Well, we know what she likes
Class six out of just listen don't speak listen every now and then life is a good idea. Just listen
Don't speak 5 6 7 0 5 60 what a pilot garbage that is
Any self-respecting human being just and see that's why he got the first broken doing God said well guess what?
I don't want for you dick
That one like made him a big a big strand of asparagus a
stock
Into a vegetable and well deserved yeah like Dick Park really needed that place in
Would be Troy to where the hell it was. I'm gonna give me a break. We do please
Remember the restaurant that he opened up there in base side is that still around a better that's how to be nice
I don't remember it. Oh, well, we sure hope it's I mean like I said we love that restaurant
The food there was spectacular
In fact actually a theory had the most phenomenal a smooth easy a VM is for like months. I
Think it's gone. I think it's a long gone
Maybe I'll check that out with the salesman
In fact if it's out of business say better put that on Berkeley's wish ignore cold call it next week
It's big in a calling maybe haven't called down a mattress yet
I have no idea what you're waiting for because I've been buying my mattresses from them for years
And there are all the reasons the world you ought to be doing if they give you factory direct prices on the top name brands
No garbage no off brands and of course in the showrooms
You see the same stuff for hundreds more than you pay it down a mattress and they also give you that to our window
That you prick the date and time for delivery whenever it's convenient for you when you're gonna be home
And they show up on time if you want the best customer awarding service from the company rank number one overall satisfaction
That's what you ought to do called valumatris like I've been doing for years at 1 800 mattress with same delivery all across our floor
The even enables in four minors they carried the complete line all the top names
Seely sir the Simmons King coelterans and foster be sure to tell them that Jeff high fat boy
I told you to call of course you know him he specializes in
A pack of light and down a mattress there every day low prices and each stock make your shopping of breeze
When you call 1 800 mattress you'll speak with an expert that in consultant who listens to your needs and will suggest to sell on
Cover level that's perfect for you and what you like to sleep on and how you like to sleep on it
These folks know their stuff inside and out. They don't sell shoes. They don't sell french fries just beds
So they know betting inside a note everybody here at QM sticks like a baby on a valumatris baby
What would be doing the same column right now?
1 800 mattress check them on the web mattress dot com
But whatever you do get that new mattress this smart the easy way with one easy phone call
1 800 MATT RES leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous
sensational savings
Where
Seriously.
You know, he might just go back to the temple and the gear with it.
And stars are around, or the end of my particular age.
You might go back to the temple and the end of my particular age.
Or the end of my particular age.
Or the end of my particular age.
Or the end of my particular age.
Or the end of my particular age.
Or the end of my particular age.
Or the end of my particular age.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
He wasn't like trying to get to a racial thing.
Was he?
Oh, I'm sure there.
Then he had to open it up to like pacified him, welfare moms, that whole, you know,
they pressured him into it.
And anyway, I'll let kind of let the fudge place look kind of the fudgery.
Remember that in that movie?
He had the fudgery.
Malder, disfudge.
He had the fudgery.
He had the fudgery.
Right.
Democratic Party chairman Howard Dean, no fudgeon air since Saturday that positive responses
from key supporters have reinforces determination to keep talking to him, even though some
congressional worst Democrats have suggested he should tone down his Denver.
It is rhetoric.
You go, howie.
Don't let's say that crap.
That's it.
People want us to fight Dean, told the National Party's executive committee.
We are here for fight.
Adgressing Iowa Party activists later Saturday into morning he added, we need to be
blunt and clear about the things we're going to fight for.
I'm tired of lying down in front of the Republican machine.
We need to stand up for what we believe in.
We can use some of your past representative Leonard Boswell, Democratic Iowa, told
Dean at the Iowa fundraiser.
Several Democratic lawmakers distance themselves from their chairman.
Republican officials called on him to apologize after he described the Republicans as pretty
much a white Christian party and said many in the GOP never made it on his living, like
our fat ass governor, by the way.
After weathering, the criticism to me forged ahead with the GOP scolding at the meeting
of the Democratic National Committee leaders.
It also makes some constant comments about Fox News, although I don't know if it's in
this one.
Yet some Democrats say the former Vermont Governor should never remain the center of
attention.
Privately, people have said they don't want Howard Dean to become the story because they
have more important issues to talk about.
Senator Brazil, who managed the Elgors presidential campaign in 2000.
She's using it on our list of media horrors.
Or you see who finally retired, although she was on meet to press yesterday, she shouldn't
leave any grass growing her feet.
Who that?
What are your least favorite news anchors from CNN?
Daring K.
Judy Woodrow.
Oh, good.
Yeah.
Let's one.
What's your favorite?
I'm sure though before she walked away, she said a little prayer.
That walking prayer is a Lord.
One of Dean's predecessors at the DNC, Don Fawler, said the controversy over this statement
of that statement is a blip and only a blip.
The Fawler complained about leading Democrats where they're greptalized week.
Even if they don't like it, they should have enough sense not to make those comments,
Fawler, said.
Absolutely correct, Don.
At the session of the downtown hotel, Dean Acquired Republicans are trying to suppress
the vote, selling access to the White House for lobbyists and basically being dishonest
with the public.
Well, you know, that's what they're prevalent.
A pack of lies.
You go, Howie.
The reason the Republicans are in trouble is because there are so many cases where they
can say one thing and do something else, Dean, said.
He said Bush's education, they've initiated the No Child Left Beyond program, cut school
spending and a clean environment plan, the Clear Sky's initiative permits more pollution.
Of course, for their bodies in big vigness, you bet.
A spokesman for the Republican National Committee said Dean would rather sling mud than discuss
serious matters.
On political fundraising, the ANC trust Republican Party by more than two to one, despite
Dean's reputation as a potent fundraiser, Dean said he's bringing in a million dollars
weekly and that $100,000 was received unsolicited from online donors during a 24-hour period
in the past week as the fewer over-ismarks grew.
The fewer over-the-fewer.
Dean is given more than a million dollars from the ANC to State Party.
He said the DNC plans to share some of the money Dean raises for the National Party
when he's in a state.
Both of these moves are winning him support from State Party leaders.
Keep going, Howie.
Almost nine of these whims, you know.
Nancy Pelosi and Joe Biden, two bad whims, went about quick-wimpering with them.
Yeah, that's right.
More John Kerry's, man.
Well, I was forward, I was against it, but I mean, but I'm, and that's not going to
get the job done.
That's not going to cut the mustard, okay?
Kicks the mass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 16, even rising in singular wireless lines.
Let's see if Dick Clark said any votes here.
Do you think that?
I don't think in the trailer part they got the no, no votes here for Dick.
Because she probably don't even, she would know computer if you shoved it.
Well, those dial-up connections are kind of slow.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Sure.
So much.
7, QAM, hello.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and even rising in singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Amy, I'll start.
Okay, sir.
Two for the follow.
Parasilton and Ann Colter.
You like Ann Colter, huh?
Absolutely.
What is that?
Hey, based on who I am.
You know what Parasilton said about Ann Colter?
That's that thought.
Yeah.
Right, get him on there.
Get him on there.
Get him on there.
Yeah, I'm a little bit nervous.
See, we got people doing their materially.
They're auditioning, I guess.
No, George is going to be doing show on the summertime most of the days.
I'm pretty funny.
Just like they got to call them about Knorr, you know.
They're auditioning.
Oh, man.
5, 6, 7, thank God.
You were there and I'm here.
That's all I can tell you.
I'm kissing a girl right now.
I'm kissing the counter.
And pound five, 60 and he provides an singular wireless line.
Nobody can hear me.
Hi, Anthony.
I thought that Vivo was going to be poor.
Vivo.
Yeah, we're going to lift the hand that moment.
The corn man.
Yeah, you might have a point there.
I might have a, I might have a Zigman I should have zagged, you know what?
All right, thanks, Alex.
Thank you.
All of Vivo was certainly never been involved in any phony or kind of scams on a year.
Like every time we went on vacation, on a worse team, they would do that oval down.
And I was in rehab now.
He's out in, remember that?
How could I forget?
And I would be driving to work and asking myself, why are they doing this?
Why did they keep putting on the soap corny?
Of course, you know, corny is Vivo's middle name.
But I might have made a bad move there, you know?
Yeah.
I should have recommended, hey, you know what?
The Vivo might stir it.
All is forgiven.
Come on home and Mokin.
Disco lots of pasture and collect his check and go play my drawing and golf.
And whatever he does up there in Boka.
And sit back and put his feet up on the deck chair and read the Palm Beach Post.
Huh?
And listen to what QYM, of course.
I'm a Sony Walkman because you wouldn't want to miss a word, Mo.
Sure, sure.
Seriously, if I spent one minute of my spare time listening to this radio station, I would immediately...
I would have myself make a record.
Yeah.
I know.
I just would have to be a crazy person.
WDQIM, hello.
So we got you.
Yeah, we know.
WDQIM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, put that bitch on the air, Jeff and Caparka.
She was like the Witty Witty to the Web.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
And that kind of called about Matthew and the pool.
How could we have this fun if we didn't do that before, huh?
And then this is a highlight of a whole of our life.
There's listening to these non-securities, you know?
Several Cajunsica Parking going on here because it didn't make any sense, Schmuck.
But Anna Cornelholy is on air and she's a strong second though.
She's slipping a little bit.
She's slipping down the old oak tree.
Come on, Bill Marrow, the Redwood.
135, Bill Marr.
118 for Anna.
And then after that, it's kind of small potatoes.
Steve Dan's 77.
Throughout his W61, 8.5% of this audience.
They like him.
Anyone know why?
Why?
Because they're stupid.
Maybe they like that, this soldier.
Maybe they like him.
Maybe how about we take those 8.5% of the audience and put them on a big, big cruise ship and send them over for a free cruise to Baghdad?
Sure.
Pollux says they bring all the troops home and let's take that 8.5% of the near-righteous audience and send them over there to fight the battles and to get slaughtered.
You know, for years you've heard me talk about the best car pertaining company in the universe, dry concepts.
But I'm not sure if you know about all the other grade services that dry concepts has to offer to you.
Dry concepts can also save you hundreds, even thousands of dollars in other areas.
They specialize in drapery cleaning, a pulsarine leather furniture restoration, mattress cleaning, giving rid of those annoying dust mites and water damage too.
Dry concepts can also clean and restore your talent, grow quickly and efficiently as well.
Dry concepts for professional staff is always improving to serve you with the most advanced cleaning systems available anywhere in the world.
So when it comes to cleaning and restoring your crop, your oriental rugs and pulsarine, all of these things.
There's only one place to call and that's dry concepts.
And during the month of June, take advantage of dry concepts, tile and drought special going on right now.
For more information called full-free from Dave Browdered Palm Leaches 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or log onto the website at dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget you really can clean today, entertain tonight when you call our good friends a dry concept.
What comes to it is, you need to be able to clean your mattresses, be careful with your body, or you'll fall asleep.
Firing with you is a simple way.
Right eye with your low eye, you'll be lazy.
You have to lay your nose, head and down all the way and you'll take me to enjoy your exit.
You can go to dry.
Oh no, the doors at the door are the doors at the door.
And some go me.
I think you'll be interested when you get up the door to dry.
Then you start having a special day with some go me.
I don't want to break the door to dry.
You'll be able to survive with the door to dry.
You think I'll be a drink.
And I use my own soap.
I use my soap as a soap.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
I'll dry.
This strange surprise.
Do you plan to get finish in the rain?
Does anybody change the order here?
Yes.
What place is o одного?
I don't know what that woman took out.
dreife ?
456.
40аны-ravite, for drag-rogg.
700 is the high level votes. If we get to 800 by 1 o'clock, I think we got a shot for
a thousand, which would be, and the 13th is you and that would be phenomenal. That would
be like, put four feathers in our camp and we'll also want to know our outcome there too.
Do you think we can do it? We did. Josh says no. Well, he's over there typing. Type
in one. I don't know, letter home. Hey, a senior White House official involved in
a damaging controversy over his delinquent of their climate change warnings from US
government reports has abruptly resigned, but the White House denies his departure and
anything to do with a flap, which sounds to me like a pack of lies. Philip Cooney, chief
of staff of the White House Council on Environmental Quality, by the way, Dick Clark got a vote.
Step down Friday without disclosing his feature employment plans and ask President Soch
spokesman Aaron Healy, no relation to Glenn Healy or Gene Healy. He has accumulated many
weeks only, even so decided to resign and take the summer off to spend some time with his
family. They're always spending taking time off to spend time with their family. She added
the resignation was completely unrelated to the release of documents this past week that
so Cooney had given a thorough editing to US government documents on global warming,
it would appear to be an effort to make them look less dramatic, just like George Tennant
resented the CIA for the same reasons, right? Mr. Cooney is long been considering options
following four years of service in the administration, each spokeswoman said. The disclosure
of return into a diplomatic embarrassment for the White House because it became hours
after Bush assured visiting British Prime Minister Tony Blair that his administration was
doing global warming as a serious long-term problem that it would determine the solve.
But Justice Blair with telling reporters about a common commitment and a desire to tackle
the challenges of climate change, the US civic organization government accountability project
made public documents showing the White House trying to gloss over the problems of
severity. The pages included a grant of a 2002 report by the US Climate Change Science
Program that have been sent to Cooney for review and still contain its edits and remarks
in the margins. It showed the White House for official taking out a whole paragraph,
warning about higher temperatures resulting in melting glaciers and snow peaks in polar
regions, and having serious impacts, especially on Native American tribes that were lying
fishing and hunting for their livelihood. In a remark on the margins, Cooney who has no
scientific background at all, appeared to operate scientists for a string from research
strategy into speculative findings. The documents also contain a memorandum from Rick Pills,
a former senior official with the Climate Change Program who resigned last March because
as he put it, he no longer wanted to sacrifice his ability to speak freely. Pills wrote
he believed the White House and the State Department enacted in concert to impede forthright
communication of the state of climate science and have tried to undermine the credibility
of the program. Answering a barrage of questions, White House
press secretary Scott McClellan denied the administration was trying to politicize science.
This is an interagency review process where everybody's involved in these issues should
have input on these reports he said of the editing, and that's all this is.
The federal and Democratic lawmakers, representative Henry Waxman and lawfully Senator John
Kiri, have asked the GAO of the investigative arm of Congress to formally probe the matter.
When the true probing Jennifer, they can probe this matter. They call the revelations
the latest in the pattern of interference with climate science by the Bush administration
and generally I gave my heart and soul to oppose the policy that you promoted.
There you go. In 2001, the Bush administration decided to abandon the Kyoto Treaty which
commits industrialized nations to cutting greenhouse gas emissions that most scientists
saved the contribute to global warming. Global war in here in Los Angeles, I think it's
another comedy pinko plot and that's right. Just like that carbon dating man, Olerian
Amy says, here's a good one. I've heard you're back on the federal bulls, Jimmy Buffett
in the past. How about putting Mr. Margarita Villain your pull? He gave us, why don't we
get drunk and screw we can't be all that bad. It says, oh, remind me, good point, Larry.
Let's get Jimmy Buffett buffet on there. What do you say, Jimmy buffet? Go right on there.
Get a cheaper and paradigm. Or can he sing or what? Oh, is he got talent? Oh, he's got
a home channel there on one of those XM or serious. More than we can say. I mean, that
is a real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
Both.
between ordering from Domino's.
But we do love Domino's though,
man, they make a pie or what?
Oh yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 8, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless
Lines.
WQAM, hello.
You're fairie.
Good one.
WQAM, hello.
Is Greg Reed on there?
Now, what do you like about him?
He's one of my highest-paying jobs.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That was cute.
You're fairie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Maybe buddy, really, that is he once had a conversation with Greg
in the John.
Do you think that's what he's trying to say?
Not sure.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, either.
I'm saying he's going to be calling away next week
for an extended period of time, correct?
You think you're important?
I think he's going to be going away for a while now, right?
Well, I've got a vacation next week.
And the rest of the summer I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday.
Yes.
I'll be on Tuesday, just to point out a good sign, OK?
OK, thanks.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
OK, whatever you say.
Have a good time.
OK.
I give it a shot.
See what you've heard.
The post-sale is don't lose too much.
Don't lose too much.
Don't lose too much.
Money.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Where did you learn your trade?
You idiot.
You're company man.
You're fairie.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Dominic QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Neil?
OK.
Listen, I tell you, aren't there?
Did you have any story about a new memo that came out of the story?
I knew one.
About memo that came out about a, before the last down in the street memo?
Yeah, at the time of speed this story.
Yes, we got it.
Thank you.
And the other one I just read like 10 minutes ago about not having any post-war plan.
Yes.
Been there, done that.
5.670, 5.60, Tom 5.60, they've arrived.
Don't forget.
And they don't forget.
Like, it makes a difference to that.
Don't forget.
Yeah, don't forget.
We got that, the big article there that you'll find very boring.
He says if the founders that had their own government, Jefferson would have framed
an impeachment bill, 25 reasons to impeach George W. Boyce.
All right, and let's get it going right now.
I have a feeling it's going to happen.
I know it sounds ridiculous, a ludicrous put out.
It does.
Maybe, just maybe.
A month of this stuff is starting to hit the fan.
And maybe the American public is starting to realize, especially with these poor,
all these people are dead over there in what for?
What for?
I said I didn't give them the old one for.
What?
Freedom is on the march.
Yeah, right.
I wish freedom was on the march for us again.
Just look at all that's been taken away.
Oh, and we had this story last week, why do you run vacation about cable and satellite?
Yeah, it's even from Alaska.
And I forget who the other one was.
They're working feverishly, man.
They want to start the old censorship routine there too.
So pretty soon, unless it's actually like a pay-per-view, you won't be able to see squad.
In fact, you wouldn't even be able to squad, or if it's satellite from another country?
No, I can't see that.
It could be propaganda.
1256 at 560 WQM last week, we also had something nasty, the invasion of the Asian Subterranean
Termites in Palm Beach County, in River of Beach.
And of course, once they're in River of Beach, they're going to be everywhere over daydream
in Palm Beach.
So not only we have your regular pedestrian termites that come around every year, but now
we got the Asian, what is it again?
The Asian Subterranean Termite.
To make a long story short, once those termites get into your house, they start eating and
chewing like crazy.
If you don't do something right away, you got real problems.
In fact, you have no house left.
So if you think you might have termites, and you're home to the smart thing, call our friends
at RIDIT, our ID, two words, RIDIT Pest Control today for that free termite inspection.
RIDIT Pest Control doesn't tense your house.
They don't make you move out to hotels or motels for days or weekend.
What they do is use an amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and their
eggs 100% on contact.
They are gone immediately if not sooner.
They don't have to worry about poisonous gas, no worrying about food or your pets.
And like I said, no tent, no moving out, and you don't have to worry about your health
either.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil, and you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when RIDIT is done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the
clean set of oranges for just a few days.
So whether you have a private home, a farm and building, condo townhouse, whatever it
is, they'll do it all for you.
If you have a termite problem, make that one easy call to RIDIT Pest Control and find out
about their amazing orange or a treatment that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact.
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection.
Tool free its 1-800-447-4348.
1-800-447-4348.
No tenting, no BS, no kidding.
1-800-447-4348.
It's the one to do our, Mr. Colton, where you raise answer question.
Why?
Because you are here to testify.
I don't think so.
Oh, you don't testify.
Make me wait on you.
Why do you want to rest?
Brat.
Brat.
I said, we should talk about sure.
So don't you, sure.
So talk sure.
But you're on a permission to trade in the hospital witness.
He's sure to.
Mr. Colton, weren't you or were you not familiar with Mr. Jess?
You about him.
He was the vet.
So you admit it.
You did share.
Big it with you.
I don't think so.
And why not?
The field.
I never know for the question.
You are just pissed.
I hope I never see any pressure kill.
Who killed you?
You look like a career.
Sure.
Soon you'll be able to your mama again.
I'm gonna love you.
I'm gonna love you.
I'm gonna love you.
I'm gonna love you.
Step on it before it multiplies.
I thought I already did.
$799 votes for just one child, 800.
We got one hour to go until, uh, D-Day.
Think we'll make the thousand?
No.
Everybody.
Uh, hop on that website.
Okay, vote on it with the Akira.
No.
SunCendle.com, honored and state national journalism contest.
In that case, they had a pretty, uh,
a lot of new people, but a good website.
I've been telling you that.
Hey, listen to that.
Harold sucks.
The Harold website is an embarrassment.
It's degrading.
It's humiliating even worse than their newspaper,
which is saying a lot.
Sun, let me give you an example.
I'm gonna click on right now.
I mean, here, uh, it's only a minor mistake,
but it's so typical of what a schlock thing they put out.
Here's Harold.com.
I heard a headlines.
One of the latest headlines.
Miami-Dade police, ID suspect,
fatally shoot by officer.
Not shot.
Fatally shoot.
I mean, it's just a typo,
but even so, it's just typical.
They don't throw free.
It's kind of like ourselves people with a copy, you know?
I'm sorry.
What copy?
SunCendle.com was the word in first place,
and two journalism companies won't have to do with some
feature, some silly as thing.
But on Friday, the website was named the best newspaper site
in the state by the Florida Society of Newspaper editors.
Which I'm sure you have less for them every month?
Oh, sure.
Second place went to the Orlando Sentinel.
SunCendle.com also went first place with the companies
last year.
They do a fine job on their website.
They keep giving their breaking stories.
In fact, uh, you're almost every day.
There's stuff that I put on the year that I get off their
website.
Thank you, SunCendle.
Even though that they ought to check out the Ginzarni,
okay?
You ought to check that whole deal out with a Fasi-Roxi pool
and at Rich Walts' pool, it suddenly disappeared.
Wow.
In virison.
And anyway.
Gary Steven, not really with Gary Steven's a jockey.
Gary Steven Corsairy writes in the Palestine Chronicle.
By the way, he's published two novels, two poetry collections.
His work has appeared in Counter Punch, Common Dream, New York Times,
Village Voice, and the Visited and Voice Lot of Other Places.
His dramas have been presented in PBS Atlanta and elsewhere.
Anyway.
He says, among other things, the US Declaration of Independence is a lengthy
bill of particulars against the abuses that usurpations of King George the Third.
If the Revolutionary Founders had had their own government,
Jefferson would abuse his writing skills to Fremont impeachment bill.
Among the abuses TJ said it was the King's refusal to assent the law as the most
wholesome and necessary for the public good.
If the columnists were wild enough over taxes on stamps and teed to shake the world
whatever the revolution, while their inheritors do what they use to repressions of our
presence of executive, as Jefferson wrote, let's face me submitted to a candid world.
One, he lied us into war in Iraq.
According to the US media ignored Bush, let me try it again.
According to the US media ignored British Downey Street memo, he fixed intelligence
around predetermined policy of preemptive war, results 100,000 Iraqi civilian deaths,
about 1800 US soldiers dead in two wars, hundreds of thousands wounded and traumatized.
Two, under his watch, US suffered its worst terrorist attack on its soil.
He opposed an official investigation, then stalled for months on testifying before a hand-picked
committee, finally testified behind closed doors.
Three, he was elected under dubious circumstances in 2004.
He was elected under dubious circumstances in 2005.
Four, five, he has approved as Attorney General Gonzalez has redefined torture at Guantanamo,
at Abu Gharragram and elsewhere, while simultaneously opposing the International Criminal Court
established to check such abuses.
According to Anastasia International, the US has established a Soviet-style
gulag of torture around the world.
Six, he failed to support the Kyoto Protocols reducing greenhouse gases,
but worked to open up Alaska's anwar to drilling and exporting an ecosystem and increasing greenhouse gases.
Seven, he chose Halibut and today Dick Cheney, to totally, Dick Cheney, be his running mate twice.
Eight, he's at the same time to be this too fast. Slow down, please.
Well, I know we got plenty of time.
Eight, he's attempted to pack the courts with ideolog judges and tenant overthrowing Roe v. Wade,
an institutionalizingly police state abuses of K-3DX1 and 2.
Nine, his no-child left behind education policies have replaced learning with testing
and law-military recruiters to access to work schools, controlling our children with military options
before their minds have had a chance to open question and challenge.
Ten, he is attempting to dismantle these threats.
The social security system that's ensured peace and freedom for tens of millions of working Americans,
for seven decades, peace of mind and freedom from economic crises, rights won hard by labor and progresses
and decades-long struggles.
Eleven, he's aligned himself with right-wing ideologues to Criteria or a ballast-emsel research,
vital to the conquest of deprivitating and fatal diseases.
Twelve, he has failed to develop a coherent energy policy, except for pressing it worse for other people's resources.
He fails to acknowledge the reality impending disasters of global warming.
Thirteen, he has continued the globalization project of his predecessors outsourcing jobs, following our middle class.
Fourteen, he has undermined the legitimate protected protocols of the CIA, politicizing the agency,
awarding positions on the basis of ideological orthodoxy rather than mirroring an astute analysis.
But he's pretty astup.
Fifteen, he has suffigated his administration to knee-accom-ideologues like Richard, parole, William Crystal, and Douglas Pfeith,
then who have endorsed the settlement, expansiness, and wall of the men policies of aerial chiron,
sewing the seeds of anti-arabracism and war indistration in the Middle East for generations to come.
Sixteen, in spite of his rhetoric about freedom and democracy, he's allied himself with dictators,
in Pakistan, whose vexistan Egypt and elsewhere, he has increased the flow of arms to these states
and others, fomenting instability for more than war.
Seventeen, he chose down the Rumsfeld as Department of Defense Secretary twice,
in spite of Rumsfeld's obvious failure to adequately plan for the post-Saudim Air and Iraq,
inducing massive collateral damage, eluding of ancient treasures, and infrastructure destruction to country
we were legally and morally boundary-riabiltate.
Eighteen, he endorses the weaponization of space, rods from gods, another exotic star-war technology
to establish a 21st century American global empire that's doomed to create an arms race with China,
another opposing coalition, sewing discord and wasting resources of the world.
Nineteen, he is presented over the most egregious media consolidation in our nation's history
while we have had yellow journalism and other media abuses throughout our two centuries of Republic Empire
we've never suffered the consolidation of power that we have today.
He is presented over the emasculation and cowering of PBS,
while has this information troops have peddled fraudulent stories and comments
to so-called reporters like Judith Miller, Armstrong, Williams, and Jeff Gufford Ganon,
poisoning the well of information, adding to the general confusion and verbalization of our news.
That's his in Joseph Gerbels, I say, not George Gov.
20, he lied about, misled or understood, the astronomical cost of Iraq and Afghanistan wars
he continues to do so that burning tax money for education, health care, the EPA transportation,
and social infrastructure into war-making and destruction.
21, am I getting to the end of this, I hope?
He is continued in the largely depraved Clinton policy of using depleted uranium on the battlefield,
a policy bound to cause massive suffering and debt to Americans and others for generations to come.
22, he is alienated by traditional allies and more than a big emasculums around the world,
he's ransacked the good willest Indians of the nation after the amount of an attack,
leaving a crusade of vengeance and reprisal most often against innocent people judging without sufficient evidence,
irrigating himself to a crooked self-righteous, text-to-share of power to execute without justice.
23, under this watch millions more Americans have been added to the ranks of the uninsured
while health care costs have exploded. His answer to these other pressing social problems appears to be
faith-based charities, in other words preaching to the choir while stealing from the pews.
24, under his watch North Koreans have apparently developed eight nuclear weapons
and Israel has continued to increase in refinements arcel, now estimate as high as 500 nuclear weapons.
And 25, last but not least, he has murdered the English language.
Oh, yes.
How do you like that pretty good, huh?
Great.
And teach him now.
And anyway, let's see.
Oh, here you go. Here's one.
How about Rick and the Rick and Sergio for our pool?
Okay, Rick, right.
Somebody I tried. Somebody you like a lot, but that is the best threat.
It says, Ray Briefcase.
I guess they wanted to play that thing.
And then of course at the end of it, the guitar man says,
Rick, right, you're a lady.
I don't feel like a sleeping, you know?
Leaping what?
Sing it to yourself, like some leaping idiot, hour day or day or day.
Here's one that says, I'm Sivian.
What kind of name is that?
Black.
I said, I like that.
Will Smith, your list, I think he's a very good performer.
Okay, I hate him like poison, put him on there.
Why is it that Democrats in Congress are so spiralsy as how he needs absolutely right in saying he is absolutely correct.
But we want them to fight.
We want to know that they have a set of go-nades.
If these other members of Congress want to prove that they're tougher than Howard,
let them go and spend that night with Dr. Judy.
And after they see her first thing in the morning,
if they're not running and screaming from the house, they cannot call it.
There you go.
It's a good call.
Yeah.
I guess he wants me to play that too.
Dr. Judy Dean.
She's a little bit on the pathetic side.
Here's a fact from Bill and Four Lauderdale.
I knew it wouldn't be long before we'd be hearing from Old Bill.
The caller with thanks to Channel 7's Belkies bitches,
Hot has got to be either on crack or a flaming homo,
which is a mere side problem.
It says, Jesus, she looks like an alien.
P.S., by the way, the food company canore is where you pronounce canore.
Trust me.
And what's not?
It is?
What difference is it made?
Who cares how you pronounce it?
Come on a year.
I pass along a really good line of products here that might actually benefit somebody.
It might like, I keep you alive.
And they're like nitpicking again.
Even Bill and Four Lauderdale canore my ass.
Or just ignore my ass.
Who can those?
And here's one that says, thanks for the tip for the bell, Mon.
I put funny across the board on the Seven Horse Endrom of the Hero, 140 payout.
Went to Vegas last weekend to play TV poker.
Your favorite had a great time.
Love that city.
If we could only get casinos in Miami,
while I was just dreaming, anywhere going back next week for more TV poker, he says.
And I say,
Oh, right.
See if you've even smart the seniorian to take the favorite, the heavy duty favorite.
I'm Fleet Dallas.
And you put him on top there, or you like to do an exacta box,
the exacta paid 44 bucks.
Not bad with the heavy favorite on top.
And you're like, you're like a $100 exacta box, you get $2,200 back, right?
Okay.
And then you get the triple.
You've got $9.7, all $7.9, all $7.9, and you get $1200 triple.
But nevertheless, it's a good strike.
So I pulled that one right out of my...
Right.
And what about the worst date picked?
Is he do it?
No.
Sorry, Dave.
And also, sorry about our little form problem.
I kept trying to tell Josh he's going to call a little bit of clock.
And he said, now he's going to call it noon.
When you kept telling me...
Oh, is that right?
When you kept telling me, now we're even.
He kept saying, oh, that wasn't Dave on a battle.
I never saw somebody else.
How often does that line ring?
Well, previously, we were getting some, like, a fax or...
You know, our couple of times calls.
That's why I make you just give it up.
Huh?
Why do you give that up?
Cut it loose.
Give it up.
Yeah.
Cut it loose.
I feel kaboos.
113.560W2.5, if you're looking for a high speed internet service,
you want one that's fast, reliable, easy to use.
In short, you want the best.
You want the number one high speed internet service provider in the USA.
Comcast high speed internet.
It's 100% pure broadband network absolutely blows away the competition
with speed up to 15 times faster than DSL light.
You can download music, photos, streaming, video, online games faster than ever before.
Simply put, Comcast high speed internet gives you the very best internet experience around.
And with features like the fan, video email, security manager, and radio plus,
it's even more intense than ever before.
And right now, you can get yourself Comcast high speed internet for just $9.95 a month for the first two months.
That's $9.95.
Call 1-800 Comcast and get you the number one high speed internet service in the country today.
Certain restrictions apply, call that toll fee number for details, 1-800 Comcast.
What a Comcast is for.
We're going to need the authority.
Hello.
School radio 560, a blue team waiting in.
Oh, a word from Howard Dean's wife.
Hey, hello there.
I'm Dr. Julius Stuyberg.
Quite a presidential candidate. How it Dean?
You can call me Judy.
Not George Judy. That's a different risk act.
People have been low.
Why am I hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard?
Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa?
I scared a crap out of myself.
I made a crap out of this that I looked like a shane of pullups.
Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much here they say.
Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it.
Lord, I say that's a bunch of misogas.
For those of you who don't take a piece of here they step me in scrap.
How is a good guy?
Though he's what you might call a loose cannon.
He's got a pretty bad temper on him.
I remember one time one of our kids left a cap off of the toothpaste.
I thought he was going to blow a gasket.
The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth.
Even with sugar, I spent 23 years with his shaggits.
Most of the time he's a man.
But on occasion, I hate him.
I think my husband Howie would make for a very good president.
One of the things I'm a little peeled about is that Howie doesn't let us have a TV.
I've run about six in the city.
I get a schlep down to campaign headquarters, also the crovers, to watch on some tiny black and white set.
I have never seen any program in color.
So I know Jackie Kennedy.
Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy.
I don't wear makeup.
I'm like a whisker away from being amish.
Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign.
The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints.
Anyway, Gazagazon gets here to show Dr. Judy Steinberg of our Lout.
People are about to commit to a like John Kerry president.
One 19 at QIA and they almost got it done down in Fort Lauderdale says.
And she's got a good choice here because boy, why we have to ask him deserveily so.
But I wrote Windbag.
She says Sunsettle's own frequent guest of Hank and Mad Dog.
Who knows the crap out of me, but I enjoy it as long as it would be a fact and status.
It's done.
I wrote Windbag from the Sunsettle.
He's also, see somebody told me that before that he's also one with a mad dog who I thought didn't have guests.
Remember we had that call?
That's correct.
And he is actually on his show as well.
It's not enough that he gets during basketball season.
He gets there one hour six days a week with Hank.
That's what we're told.
What is it that he gets you get three hours seven days a week on a Hank show and three hours two days a week on with Mad Dog?
I wrote Windbag.
What does that sound to people?
He's a paper that's real sad.
See he may be the greatest basketball writer going in the country, I don't know.
I don't care about the NBA.
Don't give a crap about it.
So I know we just call him.
But on the air, I mean we got enough squeaky people on our right plus it's all ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
Man, he drives me nuts.
And I think he drives a lot of Hank's audience away.
I couldn't be wrong, but thank God he lost.
Now if we can just do something about that Mike Burr, you know, okay, 854 votes on a poll, a 57.
I don't know if we're going to get to that.
We need to get to like about 900 by 130, you think?
Okay.
This is kind of like, this is even more aggravating than just doing the poll for the poll haters, you know what?
860.
Oh, that's incredible.
Huh?
Can you see what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
But it's just for fun.
It doesn't make any difference if we get to 1000, if we get 980, 1020, 190, 9, what there it is, am I?
Just that for fun, a little diversion, a little diversion there to keep you on the use while you're fighting the mosquitoes.
Now what's the story?
Is the sun shining today or not?
I doubt it.
Well, it was this morning.
Who knows what it's doing at all?
You know what I got it.
Because actually I see like a little puffy cup of blue sky and sun here.
It's supposed to be raining like crazy.
I want the rain.
This should go good.
This is not it.
This is like Michael said.
This is not what I wanted.
Let me take a peek at what the temperature is here right now in case Paul and Ron are listening.
27, it's like 81, I believe.
And they keep showing on there to keep on city post clouds and thunderstorms.
They think of it as rain and like hell.
Nothing going on yet.
I'll stick my finger about the window to see if it gets wet.
Anyway, whoops, best fits this description.
Somebody kneeled crashes or I like a lot.
Bill Mar 148.
And according to Colvin's got 130.
Not 30, man.
Steve Dan 84 George W 65.
Well, that's good.
That's down to 7.6%.
Good.
Keep driving that number down.
It makes me feel better about life.
And about his audience.
How could anybody be so stupid?
Seriously, you're like, have somebody came to your home and shot your kids and your wife.
And then said, oh, by the way, I got a hell of a deal for an old Volkswagen.
Right?
And you bought it.
That would be the worst part of Christmas life.
Volkswagen.
Like it's a good deal.
Randy Rose 53.
How much I would say?
I'm not sure, the man.
Randy Rose 53.
We love the goddess.
In fact, I'm a one at the, I'm not even going to go in there.
It's not even worth wasting my time, you know?
Because the Randy, her, her sick offense are just like she is, you know?
If you ever like, there's any knock at all.
Oh, do you turn on Randy?
Okay, whatever you say.
Can't stand her.
The old E 51.
We like the old E lot better after Friday's performance.
He ripped Moan ass.
You'd have been really proud.
Let's see.
Go on, Randy 47.
Okay.
Pink Floyd 35.
Moa Howard David's side with Pink Floyd.
Do it, do it, do it.
That's because that pink outfit he likes to wear.
Mel Gibson 32, the Port 22, Jerry Seinfeld 19.
Tom Hanks 18.
Spencer Tracy 15.
Paul and Oderon 14.
Whoopie Goldberg 11.
Oh, I can't look at her.
What is the candy?
That'll field.
Oh, God.
I'll take her.
That'll field my ass.
You drapped dodging funny.
I hope they have another fart attack.
How do you like that?
Talking about the battlefield.
This drapped dodger.
Al Franken 9, James Taylor 9.
They've had boring nine.
Joseph Gaki 8.
Joseph Gaki sucks, okay?
Okay.
Bill Araliade.
Jimmy Buffett 7.
D.05.
The big O.
Rock solid.
Five.
Russell M.Baw 5.
Miss Nathrudge is about three.
You fare with self-hating home or you?
Your car's got appeared.
Rich walls moved up to a period.
Rich had with Dick Clark.
Oh boy.
That's a shot.
He may have a bad voice.
Maybe a horrible answer.
But don't put him in the same place with Dick Clark.
Will Smith's got one.
And that's probably the guy that faxed it.
Obsidian.
Stokey's the raised guy.
One from that blind guy.
Rich Sandshed is one.
And Rick Rallye's got the big.
Oh, he'll be in a audience like Rick.
That's bad.
In fact, you know something where they really go to say they just had the structure.
Once Rich started talking about the stock market crap.
These citizens said, Rick, take that briefcase and go home and suds can do the show.
Yeah, what do you think?
I need help.
I like where they Rick laughed and laughed at too.
That's more of my favorite.
Haven't played that in the long run.
Hey, Dick.
Shit.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I looked up Hainey's.
That's almost as good as that.
That's a good idea.
In fact, I wasn't going to share this with you, but here's a little tip for these summertime shows.
On any slow day, just play that for like three, four hours.
Oh, you got it.
30-year-olds.
5.6705.505.60.
And you can invite Motica Monteschor, Rallye, and DuVol.
We'll talk about that.
Announce the list of all of you in this video.
WKYM.
Not there on two.
WKYM.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I got a couple of questions for you about a couple of the drops that you play.
Okay.
Where does the fairy thing come from?
You fairy.
It comes from the movie.
Here it is.
And here's the whole dialogue.
Glenn Geary Glenn Ross.
Where is Glenn?
He's trying.
Who ever told you that you could work with men.
What's your highest form?
It's to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living?
You company man.
You're fairy.
There you go.
You're fairy.
And the other one is you play one once in a while with a guy who says, uh,
always just a little bit of guy about so tall or something like that.
That's a fargo.
That's from far, okay.
And the best people are guy on hand show.
I don't think he drives the way the audience nearly much is that old fart Bino does when he's on there.
Okay.
Good point. Thanks a lot, Fally.
All of the experiments that was his old Bino, the numbers were way up when Bino was on.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny looking.
Now speaking of William H. Macy,
is it was it the core?
Was that the name of the movie?
There was a movie called The Cooler that he's in.
Oh.
Now, did you see that?
No.
I saw most of it over the weekend.
It's a casino movie.
That's what I understand.
And it's pretty good.
The ending though is so,
I'm not going to not tell you.
All right, don't tell me.
I'll tell you.
You're one of those people that's really picky about endings and things.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's just so ridiculous, but it's a good movie.
You'd like it.
I'll give it a watch.
And he's working for this guy in a casino and the guy is just crazy about it.
He beats the crap out of everybody and, uh,
I don't want to spoil it for him.
But it's good.
And William H. Macy is great in that movie.
He's so good, you know.
He is good.
He's very good.
27.
Oh, the other piece of the news is I watched Only Mahoney speaking of gambling movies and it was excellent.
Oh, what I tell you.
And of course, it had like extra significance because it's a true story that happened in the early 80s here in the model.
Right.
That's what I was trying to tell you in the, you know, the guy that he played was a Torontoni and banker and a gambling problem and stole 10.2 million dollars in the, right.
And I'm not even gambling as you know, but I thought it was really fascinating.
The whole psychology of him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And of course, you'll notice in the whole movie he never breaks out of that sweat.
He's always at the mercy.
Oh, they're the same compulsive flow.
William, I see some of those people that would buy and I don't want to mention that though.
He brought a curse to that table.
Right.
I love that.
And anyway, yeah.
In fact, the movie with William H. Macy, the cooler is it?
Yeah.
Look up the right name of that.
It's the cooler.
It's got some similarities.
And I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Calleander, the main man of acceptance cap of a mortgage.
So speaking of gambling, if you want to gamble on your mortgage, call somebody else.
But if you want the best deal, let the main man say it, the right name, let him give you the straight poop.
And let him tell you what maybe you didn't know in that is that most banks only work with three different mortgage products.
You really haven't got much choice.
And if your credit is less than 100% perfect, you're going to get turned down.
The old NO.
If you're not working with the right lender, chances are getting improved or maybe 50-50.
So if you want to increase your chances, if you want to get exactly the deal you're hoping for, do yourself a humongous favor.
Call right now Anthony Calleander, toll free at 1,884a3 loan.
And be sure and tell Anthony that verbally told you to call 18884a3 loan and let the main man in the steam put you into mortgage and means exactly what you'd be looking for.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe being turned down because you called the wrong number.
Call the main man at acceptance cap of a mortgage toll free 18884a3 loan.
And don't forget every time they close the loan, the portion is donated to kids in distress.
So why call anybody else avoid the bait and switch avoid paying a lot more than need to on your mortgage payments every month.
Call the main man Anthony Calleander 2 day 1,884a3 loan.
Call the main man Anthony Calleander 2 day 1,884a3 loan.
Call the main man Anthony Calleander 2 day 1,884a3 loan.
Call the main man Anthony Calleander 2 day 1,884a3 loan.
Call the main man Anthony Calleander 2 day 1,884a3 loan.
Call the main man Anthony Calleander 2 day 1,884a3 loan.
Every week we special with this week and this week for special first week.
We are 789th weekend and we're pulling out some of the stops.
Just because we're 73th week we're here with new year of weekend class.
We're 574th year.
He wants to get to VJ Harves, Enger and the Verbs Club.
I've called some make a fool call.
Congratulations.
What station is this?
Oh no, cool.
Now I'm going to say something without anything behind my voice.
For dramatic effect.
This weekend we're trying something completely the same.
Oh, yeah.
Call 8000551212 from Orinfo.
This weekend we're really rocking with a chaffle in.
We're rocking you so hard, you'll say.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
We're just listening.
We're just listening.
We're just listening.
Look at that.
144 people arrested in Tennessee cock fighting raid.
Just wait till they get to highly in Sweetwater, man.
We ain't seen nothing yet.
We might get an 900 votes by the end of the arena, okay?
Well, I think I'm going to give up.
I'm just not going to have a chance.
They just slowed down.
Just when they get us like a fuller at an 894, that's a response.
We got 26 minutes and we're going to get like any 106 votes in total.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
No.
If you had your shot there, you had a chance for greatness.
You had a chance to really put that feather right in our old camp there.
And then we feel like whistle, Yankee, do it all by any way at the same time.
Didn't get it.
Hover is a naked cyclist road past the big bend and the US Embassy in London Saturday.
The protest the West defendants on gas cars and cars and to push for the motor or the more use of bicycles.
They were riding naked.
I saw that.
The organizers of the World Naked Bike Ride 2005 said protests were expected in a number of countries, including Australia, Canada, the US, Ireland, and Italy, Latvia, and Israel.
In London, crowds watched about a hundred cyclists leave Hyde Park, corner on a journey that took them past.
Some of the capital's most famous landmarks.
Most of the riders trip naked for the six mile ride past, picketly surface, big bend, Covent Garden, Oxford Street and the US Embassy.
Some by scary banners reading, oil is not a bare necessity but a crude obsession and support the trade justice movement.
It's a protest against oil dependency and car culture for the and the overuse of cars for unnecessary reasons that one of the organizers Chattanoelson 24 from North London.
There's too much pollution, it stinks in London and we use too much fossil fuel.
In the Spanish capital of Madrid dozens of new cyclists pedal along major thoroughfares past famous landmarks drawing surprised looks.
Most were men naked except for shoes and helmets or caps to bend off the hot Spanish sun.
What we clearly want is the show that we feel naked against the traffic said one organizer who only gave his first name, Javier.
Well, I wonder if he's the Javier from Godfather's, I doubt it.
Every day we have to put up with the traffic, the aggression of the drivers, their speed and bad manner as he said.
They were riding naked. I wouldn't be doing that in the States if I were you another good idea.
5 6 7 0 5 6 be pound 5 6 be in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Who best fits this description somebody kneel crashes all the time and you like a lot.
Got a good list of names on here although I notice.
Bill Mar 151 and a corner coba 131 steely they need a five George W 71 7 28 percent you see the bush lookers they put their goose in the open the three.
But we don't care because at least that has the total of votes right.
Right Randy rose 58.
Gelly 51. Phil Henry's got 50.
Think for 37 more Howard David at 35. Mel Gibson 33 Jerry Seinfeld 25.
The Pope 22 Tom Hance 21 Paul and old Ron 15.
Spencer Tracy 15 of same age as them Al Franken 13.
Whoopie Goldberg 11 James Taylor 10.
Jimmy Buhit 9.
V.09 they been boring nine throws a gaki eight Bill or Rally eight.
The big O's got five.
Rush Limbaugh 5.
Belkies, cookies in array.
The lovely and talented school keys in array.
He's got three.
She is smoking.
Miss Matt Rudge talk about smoking it.
You're very three.
I wrote one bag to Will Smith to the Clark two-rich Waltz two-rich sensors one and Rick Roddy's got the big.
I had to continue that that you were the one to hate him like poison was the audience.
That's what it was all these years I had it all screwed up.
I was getting these vibes as I got somebody just hates him like poison.
And of course it would have been a lot better for his only you but it was the audience that just hated him like arsenic.
Man.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was wondering if you had that is it the guy the announcer for Pittsburgh?
The famous like what he calls the goal.
I like a line.
I like a line.
Sorry?
If we had this?
Yeah you didn't say it sometimes because the goal of Michael Lane.
You had that piece of a play?
No.
Are these people crazy?
I finally learned my lesson.
How did I?
Oh gee I mean there's no point looking back you can't undo the past.
I've done so many stupid things in my life including on this show.
Not just the hockey shows but playing those hockey highlights.
What am I thinking about?
Oh no.
Oh I must be crazy.
Well you must admit now we didn't have the one year the planters made the big run and went to the stand-up.
It was a hard one.
Everybody was on the jump and I'm a bandwagon.
And that was it.
That was the beginning and that was the end of the rat.
That was it.
That was the end.
Okay don't try to milk it.
Okay this is a dead cow.
You can't milk it big cow or so.
And boy did I make a bad mistake.
Yeah I got all that stuff right in here.
Am I going to play it?
No.
Do I need to hear it?
I want to hear hockey stuff.
I can go right on here now.
This is hockey country maybe.
Let's go.
How do I know?
Just let it go.
There you go.
Ryan Tuckler.
I was poor.
Checking this.
Whatever.
There's one and here's another one.
I don't know if that's right.
I understand the capitalist problem.
Great boy.
There's that.
So there's another one.
And let's see if we got the least lunch.
I decided by shootout.
Yes.
And as much as I've ever been a great believer and a great player.
There's that yahoo Dennis Vack who does least schemes on radio which have no idea how because he's or or a fool.
Phil does come back and there you go.
So instead there's three hockey assignments for it.
How do you like that?
Am I playing the...
No.
Is this guy crazy or what?
I mean I may be stupid but he's...
Well how do...
Like the president says, fool me once, can't fool me and get fooled again.
Nobody says?
There was something like that.
You've got to be way more into here.
Oh god.
Maybe he got it.
Man, he is just...
You see, what is it percent of the fool again?
The George Wribbid.
But seven point nine percent actually went up again.
Seven point nine percent are upset because they're not upset but they're what it...
Maybe they are upset.
Somebody I've trusted, they like a lot.
They like him a lot.
Okay?
Which means I think the fact that he's possibly dumber than they are makes them feel better
and more than the self.
It comes to it.
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
Oh, I'm sitting here.
Oh, wait a minute.
Up here and you're dead.
It...
I...
I didn't tell you to phrase, eh?
Did you drive it around with your pants down in a radio land?
Is it?
Boy, that new moment, everything shiny feet.
He's in caution, ain't he?
Eh, eh.
Oh, it's a big, big, big door.
You're...
Well, I'm riding down the law.
What's it for?
I'm just going on.
I don't man.
They've been paid by the big door.
Yeah, they're going to capitalize on my quick thing to get...
...epicats in it.
I'm riding a piece of the action scene.
It's like, figure it out to your soul.
Give it a go, I ain't ever said that.
Excuse me, ma'am.
I've been in the middle of a show here, Greg.
No.
What a wonderful show it is to you.
What did?
Well, I just want to get to know that payrolls has authorized payments by the door.
It was these.
The rest of each reason.
Yeah.
It was every door.
You get an entire look.
Is one from King Corn?
No, it's a wonderful value.
You know, Raleigh coupons.
No, we couldn't get those.
You know, my uncle collected Raleigh coupons' entire life.
What are you giving them?
An iron look.
Now, there's a map in locations to each redemption center in the back of these books.
Hey.
You know, excuse me for a moment, I'm going to put my fist through the wall.
You're going to be my guest.
Yeah.
Oh, you're sitting up, pal.
Well, don't be.
Here we are.
The S&H Green Statement Dutgeon Center.
You got to read out loud, you know, it didn't like to come to.
It's the children's office.
It's so tight.
According to the map, this must be the place.
This place has been out of business.
And how many years might that be?
Like 30 years ago, the show is about 30 years.
30 years ago.
30 years ago.
30 years ago.
See, anybody's in there?
It's at least three cents, right?
But it's 10 years old.
Anybody home?
Anybody in there?
You know who I am?
I'm here.
Put it in the post for the class door.
See if anybody's inside.
No, close it.
Close it.
I'm a little closer.
Like that.
I said, it's lazy.
Oh.
Yeah, so close, but I don't see where I think.
Now, 130 for a voice.
We got 13 minutes.
Can we do it?
It's possible.
It's 26 and 13 minutes.
It's like five a minute.
That's no, that could be done.
If they hop on that pole real quick, hop on our pole, please.
This just didn't the US Supreme Court overturn the conviction about it.
And let me just also say this.
Are you looking at that green thing on our webpage there?
I'm looking at it on our home page.
And under dropouts, you see what it says?
It says zero.
Now, Josh can verify.
He can like back me up on this.
That last week we were getting like, especially toward the end of the week,
when we had the real big problems,
faxes up the in-yang.
Oh, gee, this thing keeps dropping out.
We were getting calls about it.
We're going to get through the entire show today with no dropouts.
Thanks again to our engineering staff and the screening people who are over there.
Have we had any facts, Sam?
Well, we're listening online and sure is pleasant release.
No one dropouts.
Have we had that?
No.
See?
See what I mean?
Wow, something good happens when we give it here for free.
Nothing.
Just take it for granted.
Anyway, the US Supreme Court is overturned the conviction of a black death or inmate
who said, test his prosecutors unfairly stacked his degree with whites,
issuing a harsh rebute to the state that executes more people than any other.
That's because they like to choose life as their former governor and current president says.
And our fat ass governor always choose life.
Right.
Except when we're talking about Terry and her...
Tube!
What did that blow up in her face or what?
They switched to three-rooting Monday or today, new trial for Thomas Miller L.
That's Miller-E-L.
Miller L.
Who challenges his conviction to the 85 murder of a 25-year-old Dallas-Montelker.
It was the second time justice reviewed the case after a lower court refuse to reconsider Miller's murder.
The 50-year-old court of appeals to New Orleans was wrong to reaffirm the conviction by a state court
in order to be strong evidence of prejudice during jury selection,
justice is said.
The state court's conclusion that the prosecutor's person from the jury pool was not racially determined
as shown up as wrong to a clear and convincing degree,
the state court's conclusion was unreasonable as well as erroneous justice David Suda wrote for the majority.
He noted that black jurors were questioned more aggressively about the death penalty
and the pool was shuffled at least twice by prosecutors,
apparently to increase the chances whites would be selected.
They were shuffling it.
He was joined by justice as Stevens, O'Connor, Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer,
who still makes a lot of hell of an ice cream.
The prosecutors chosen racial and racial reasons for the strike do not hold up,
and are so far at odds with the evidence that pretext is the fair conclusion
indicating very discrimination and explanations were meant to deny a vote.
At least two of the jury shuffles conducted by the state make no sense,
except as efforts to delay consideration of black jury panelists Suda read it,
saying that it blinks reality to deny jurors were struck because they were black.
Since capital punishment was reinstated in compassionate conservative Texas in 1976,
Texas has executed over one third of the more than 900 people put it up in the whole country in the USA.
How do you like that? That's that compassionate conservatism again ain't it?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Choose life. Choose life, especially Terry and her other netless fri-
and let's string them up.
Speaking of string, college park marl and this is kind of bizarre,
school officials are withholding a 17-year-old voice diploma for wearing a bullow tie
under his graduation gown.
You're fairing!
How you like that? Okay, what's that? I don't get it.
Thomas Bainese said he prefers the string bullow ties over traditional knoted ties
to reflect his American Indian heritage.
But officials from East A. McDonough High School in suburban Washington said
they warned to be forehanded a bullow violated the dress code for the event held Wednesday,
last Wednesday for about 250 students.
The bullow was not considered by the staff to be a tie,
so if Katie O'Malley Simpson, a spokesman for the Charles County Schools,
we have many opportunities throughout the year to express cultural heritage
but we don't do that at graduation.
When you said he never thought his diploma was at stake and wore a bullow anyway.
I didn't feel that I should change my heritage for an hour and a half to wear an actual tie
to show respect to an amateur and any respect to me.
He said these spokesman said the school will give Bainese diploma
but they hasn't set up a meeting to receive it.
They're going to give it to him. That's what he's afraid of.
The boys' parents said they're considering legal action.
But so their ass is mother Marsha Bainia, can you believe it?
Side to the long history of Indians being pushed around and added,
if he had just stood up for himself he would have been part of the problem of Native Americans being treated in this way.
You go, guys.
Now, what do we got so far?
We got a shot, you think?
We got a shot, Jimmy said.
Jimmy Johnson just called it on the bad line and said we got a shot.
958 and we got 9 minutes to go.
I got to see one.
You got 961 already.
Can we do it?
Put your pedal to the metal, baby.
We need 39 votes in 9 minutes and of course if we don't get it,
we'll just carry over until midnight.
What are you trying to do?
Leave the up for us.
Suppose we'll find some good gold dollar in India.
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
It's 30 a day plus gas while I ran in Lincoln.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
You want me shirts?
And we call how it happened, well it's...
The market still gives me change.
What a weirdo!
Followed my map of star house sales.
And what shot to see me?
Sitting on her front porch was...
...and Elena Jollin.
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I walked up like I knew her.
I saw her hesitate.
But the call of dawn started working then for her.
It was too late.
Put her in my car and roll the windows down.
Now she watch my queen and I made her cry.
But there's no regret on me.
And I've got Angelina to meet in my basement.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
And charge her in.
I can't rent.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I hope the cement.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jollin in my basement.
It's me, I'm a friend.
Watch your trip, grab it, call her a man in.
But I bet you'd give your lesson.
I'm here to have Angelina Jollin locked down in your basement.
Hello, pressor.
Hello, pressor.
I'm sorry, pressor.
Don't hurt pressor.
I heard your dog, pressor.
I've pushed the dog in the basket.
Okay, 150 and other good news is I'm cooking my lunch already.
And my flavor wave ultra deluxe to my co-op.
Am I oven?
Alright.
With the halogen heating.
Here's the thing because I'm pretty sure you're going to have guys
who have these things are going to show up today in Reven's 2.
I mean, it's important that anybody out there who buys one, two things you'll discover.
Is you use it number one?
Be sure and turn it in the off position before you lift the cooking part of it up off the rack.
Otherwise, it burns.
Otherwise, you're going to get burned.
I don't want to get blamed for like, for a second, fourth, fifth, and eighth re-burns.
And the number two, when you've done using the cake, pull off that plug.
Because when, even when you hear the beep, you said it and forget it.
I mean, I'm sorry, Ron.
I said it and walked away.
And it means it's done, a cooking time.
But it stays in like a warming position.
So I say it's continuing to cook while I even have to the beep.
I say, got it.
Just explain it actually.
Because the directions like a lot of these things you buy off to either directions are not, it could be better.
See what I'm saying?
I say it.
But the unit itself could not be better.
I'm making my burger runner right now.
I'm a Chi burger.
An honor of Jimmy Buffett.
Jimmy Buffet.
I'm having a burger buffet, which is kind of like a, anyway, who best fits this description?
Somebody on the other side of the table, who I like a lot, Bill Mar, 165.
And you know what?
I still don't like him.
How do you like that?
Nerd.
Fork a little nerd.
I had big cavit that is a little nerdy.
I just don't like those kind of people, you know?
I mean, not personal, but I just can't stand him.
And a corner, a couple of 137.
Steven Ann, 87, George W.
78, 7.28%.
Randy wrote 64, 155.
Meldi 52, pink Floyd 45.
Mohawar David in 38.
Mel Gibson 34.
Jerry Seinfeld 31.
Tom Hanks 28.
The Pope 22.
Paul and Oderon 20.
Al Franken got 16.
Spencer Tracy 16.
D-14 and everybody else they don't count.
Bye, bye, bye.
What a curse for the 13th.
These Neil Rogers may be.
What a curse for the 13th.
These Neil Rogers may be.
What a curse for the 13th.
Come on down before I vote.
I vote on the board.
I don't know what you're gonna do.
Guys, I'm coconut.
