That's it the weekend Saturday nights alright
He doesn't mind it I read that yeah, I know very nice job very I we're gonna give very a time-jickish job over the Sun
You can write about radio. No seriously. It was a good problem today
It's about time somebody wrote something about radio in this town Tom you idiot you quizzling you bald headed geek
So anyway speaking of all headed geeks I hear that the David Samson was trashing you on some station. Yeah, that's the rumor
We're going around now. How come you're not allowed to talk about the Marlin organization?
You know the Marlins who are not gonna make the a lot of cards
How can we not talk a lot of talk about them?
But they can go on the other station and trash your ass your ampilance. I
Did not the first people to go on another station and trash my ampiless and so far it hasn't hurt me
Yeah, I really don't pay attention
He's you know what he's probably a little cranky because the little fella has
Ceases playoff chances going down a drain and his stadium chances which he right?
That's his only job with the organization get a stadium and it's not going well
So he's got to pick on somebody I guess he's getting to be almost as sour as Joel Feinberg, you know
How about that? I
That statement that all we all we want to do is
We do anything to hurt them. We don't have to do anything to hurt them
The greatest line in the history of the human race said Joel Feinberg who's the headhound show of the virtually
non-existent
790 of the ticket whatever he says WQA is willing to do anything to hurt us
Anything
What a cry baby what a jackass here's a guy that tried to hire you he tried to hire a mad dog
He tried our virtually everybody on his radio station except me of course
I'm not a sports nerd and I make too much money, but he tried our everybody on a station except well
But don't don't worry and
We're trying you're gonna try to do anything to hurt them. It's called competition you jackass
And I love the part about the fact that I'm allowed to rip Greg Readon ass and deservedly so by the way
But he isn't gonna put up with that on his station
They can rip each other but they're not gonna rip him in other words you're dealing with a thin skin full Joel Feinberg
Yeah, he calls up and it probably was pretty pretty pure that I played that voice melody left for Greg about Volcampyr
We try to you know, we know we're both camp I mean that collusion sound bite the two ram
That's exactly right collusion is right don't don't pay our vote campers
I'm not gonna try to harm so don't you can lowball him
I still say Kim ought to go there and he ought to just step on him like a like a mat
Yeah, he could do it too anybody ever saw vote camper man
He's bigger. He's like a giant in the human race a friendly bit
But he's a friendly job. He's a friendly giant right not green too much. You know what?
And you know this too
I've had guys at other stations take shots at me forever
I haven't have it. We all yeah, I mean when I was at IOD John Moynihan used to take shots at me
You know, it's just when he was over here, so he's dead now, isn't he? Yeah, that's the that's what happens that'll teach him
But you know seriously, it's a you know, you just I was telling the kids this morning we were talking about it
I said hey, you just don't pay any attention to it. What's the difference? It doesn't matter to me what they say
I'm gonna come in and do what I do the fact that you're muscled and you're not allowed to talk about that organization because the thin skin
I was telling the duckmeister. I was told her this morning
But the reason it's very very tough to be a fan of any sports team any team in South Florida is that the owners and the
Management people are of all of them traditionally through the years who all been such a bunch of thin skin hard-ass
nasty people they just have no public relations
You know, it's tragic. Yeah, I just can't refer to the ownership
But I can criticize the theme if I want. Yeah, but you know some this is what I was talking you about yesterday
This is what bothers him about for example the same those Cardinals who are going on a station and they're buying 50% of that radio station
So everybody's gonna be muscled right?
Well, I remember Chris morons him that I was never gonna be on this station because you know
I always rip Wayne and I'll never be on QAM and now here we are almost eight years later is Chris moron and where the hell is he by the way?
Chris moron
Yeah, I don't think he's with ESPN anymore. I don't know what happened to him
Maybe he's at some small station like Kokipsi or somewhere like there or maybe in Trenton
I know good WVD in Trenton. Maybe he's working there doing like little league hockey games. I have no idea
Yeah, but he he was so sure that I'd never be on here because I rip it away now
Of course if Joyce and Caroline would have had their way we wouldn't be able to say anything about the teams about the franchise
Owners about management about anybody remember that through team we had to go sure
Frank's they try to get well everybody's gonna sign this well guess what Joyce
Joyce you honey nobody signed it you idiot. I mean that's what the audience wants to hear they want to hear people
You know, stay with on your mind. You know what the classic sucky sucky
You know what the classic line was that the little fella said about me was that I guess he was asked
Why he has a problem with me said well, I don't listen to him. That's the classic right? I don't listen to him
Uh-huh good morning, David
He knows you're awful, but he doesn't listen to you. Yeah, he doesn't listen. Well, you have problems with guys named David
You got Moe Howard David
David Samson so I guess you just not a David kind of a guy. You know what?
Gaggers at the height of both of them
Although David Johnson he's a friend of ours, so there's one day that David's great. Yeah, yep and Morgan David
You probably had a little bit of that but other than that you're just not a yeah
You're the Goliath in there that they can be the David or Kim Boe campers
They go like just step on him Kim go over there and step on his ass
What I want to slime anything to do you know?
Well, you don't have to overpay them like you did Hank and Mandage because I'm not gonna go after both campers
You go ahead and load ball. I mean, you know
That's a nice like it has some legal
Remmer for cases to me. You know what it sounds like when they say things like you know
We're out the you know do it every you know what it sounds like total paranoia about us
Well, of course and that's what it should be they thought because of the fact that you know
They got a lot of money behind them. They were gonna just put it on the air
They're gonna put a bunch of losers like Stu Gods and the Daniel Abaston down here and they're gonna kill us
And they got that dolphins, you know
Well anybody can get the dolphins for four and a half million a year who don't want to lose that kind of money
And especially a team that for the second consecutive of a home game had to go to the light down to the wire to
Sell out to get the black the blackout lifted two times in a row against Carolina no less gets a good team
Well, maybe they were thought they were gonna have some exclusive broadcast
Yeah, well, you know enough had a good idea said that maybe next time they have one of those deals Q.A.M
We'll buy up the remaining tickets and what we'll do is that that makes a lot of sense stuff
We wouldn't pay for the rights, but we'll pay not to have a month now listen
It is a good idea said never promote channel four be sure to watch the game on channel four this weekend
Just to make sure that's televised and that nobody listens to see me syphilis, you know
I just you don't have to do that. You know that there's no
TV or you can go to any bar and watch the games. Oh, yeah, I can see them all
I got the package but I think I got the best damn sports package
I got all the NCAA football and basketball. I got NASCAR
Not that I would watch it. I got the NFL packing hockey package me every day every baseball game that's being played every day
I mean how can you beat that did you see the commercial for hockey that's running right now about
It's terrific. It's you think you're running watching a preview for one of those
Remember those horror movies on melm street, you know
Friday the 13th right well they they're running a commercial now where this young attractive girl is in the kitchen
And she's doing stuff and you see the shadow appear outside the kitchen and then they zoom in on the shadow
And it's a guy in a hockey mask and you know the same one from Friday the 13th and it says hockey's back
I'll be damned. I think that's great. That is cute. I want to get hockey intensive here. I took that pollo yesterday
I
Good buddy Joe Boan Lisa want to get my people on three all five four exhibition four three whatever it was
But nobody cares. Don't talk hockey. Don't kill me don't stand bag me with that hockey talk
You have tickets up there. I think you're putting up tickets up there. Oh, first I don't have tickets
Why don't I go to go schlep over there to a very uncomfortable arena what I can sit right here and watch them in a comfort of my living room on TV
I don't have slot machines at the arena
I'm gonna go over for that. I might check that out
All right, I have to bring that up wouldn't you how those slots coming to Florida by the way
I'm sorry. I was at wood buying Wednesday afternoon. I had a nice afternoon one a few bucks had a very nice afternoon pleasant
Yeah, there's a nano-string now a governor turn over the what whatever the voters want bush is come out
Where he wants to now repeal what the voters voted for to limit class size right?
He's well he had those devious plans don't you remember that that benefits the private?
He said that he had those devious plans to subvertible the electorate and then the electorate was so upset about it
They went on reelected him again
The people in Florida deserve whatever they get they're just idiotic
Maybe they didn't find the ways getting battered again with rain and wind and it's horrible
Then did you see the thing with his bust that blew up with the old people with the oxygen that a whole bunch of people with
You know small tanks of oxygen on there and evidently that's what ignited and blew the bus up 20 people dead in Houston
It's horrible just horrible
It's you know if you live here it makes you wonder you start you know
I don't know about other people, but I'm starting to think about much longer. I want to stay here
Yeah, and wait for the big one about that a long time ago. I know but you had other reasons
But you know I'm serious you know we're just sitting here. Are we waiting for the big one to hit us?
I don't know him but what do mean us white man? Oh, I'm talking about those of us who still reside here sir
You see it's so easy to sit the in the North of the border
No, you've done a plenty of shows from Vegas all over the place. You didn't sit anywhere on your fat ass
You want to do a show and always do one of the fan in New York
Don't don't don't do it anywhere my friends in Las Vegas are trying to talk me in the moving there
Yeah, good could be a ticket
Yeah, oh brother. That's about three weeks. I think yes something like that. Mm-hmm start writing IOUs
Yep, we're just get a big raise would be good. Well, I already did that. Yeah
Well, that's because your buddy Joel Feinberg the high-balled you yeah you and mad dog
I still say he mad dogs got to be on two to five because they're paying him to like you had the same field going
But those Marlon pregame shows he's doing four to six thirty a lot of nights. Oh, it's the greatest
It's the greatest for you guys, but it's not greatest for our
Wrong a little fellow is wrong. I love the Marlins. Yeah, you did and we love him too when they have those games
It's fair to about 12 of a 45 or one o'clock
We love Marlon. I throw one thing for it Marlins would play all her home games in the afternoon starting here about one like the
Cubs you know do used to do we love tomorrow and even more David Samson we might even campaign for that new stadium
But I doubt it. They're not gonna get it if he knocks me again
I'm not renewing my season tickets. I am a cost in the cross brings the one to build a new stadium
For a stadium and a evacuation shelter. I mean yeah
Every neighborhood will have to have its own big stadium so we can have a safety evacuation shelter
Then they could bring racing back to high alia. There he goes again with a horse racing put a evacuation
I'm a horse racing this morning boy. I'm cooked my goose's
Anyway nice go. I'm very jackass man. I was to show you just when you count him out
You got him down on the mat for the count all of a sudden he bounces back
Mommy must have put an extra salami and Swiss sandwich in the bag yesterday
Because he finally wrote a good car. I know what you're laughing about. It's true mommy brown bags very every day and drives him to work
Did you know that yes?
He has to drive very to work. Hey Barry you fairy anyway. Have a wonderful weekend
You too careful weekends are good time to lose your ass. I'm gonna be working this weekend lots of action going on
Man, okay. I'll be gambling tomorrow. I mean even me and racers no matter where you look
There's gonna be some big stuff yesterday the little brown jug by the way
I don't want to talk about horse racing but the little brown jug they pull on nice go-and-day baby
He's a good great guy not the umpire the other I know you mean you yeah from the meadows
Yep, by the way Roger Houston who was the first race caller at Pompe no Park when it opened many years ago
Has to be one of the most loudmouthed pompous jackasses who was oh you know who that is do you know good good
You look a lot happier life have a great weekend. Yeah, how do my good buddy?
He's not coming back maybe he's permanently gonna do a show us from the fan. Okay. Yeah, then you guys won't have to see him no mo
Wouldn't that be great hey? I want to be accused of you know
You know the bottom line with the guy is I just don't like him. Okay period. It has nothing to do with very
Says the Roger's David thing is personal and he's right. Yeah, we hate each other like poison and of course
That's just the way it is. That's it everybody hates him. So there must be something to it. Yep. That's it
And give David sense in a big kiss on lips to next time you see let's go Marlens
Maybe he's upset because last year when I was at the his tickets for the heat or right near mine
And when he walked up the aisle y'all there goes a neighborhood
See it that might have been it by
To the station
Just a using
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I just feel like highlight
I just feel like I'm dead present in
I think I'm going to home
go Go to home
go to home
go to home
nothing
going to home
dirt and just get muddy and they can't they can't get enough. 1013 at 560 WQM
happy Friday to you here. No. Joyce Busch doesn't care about black people.
I was going to have to do nothing station 790 in the end.
You're going fast and I'm going to see the building you want.
Where the sun is shining down to six degrees in the middle.
No way dude. It's like waxing man.
Well that's what I'm looking for.
It smells like wet dogs in here man.
That's what's down by me.
I know a road of town is somewhere.
Wow you're looking at that out of the audience with a dog and the owner of my suite.
Do you believe?
Oh somebody flew the bomb in the V5.
Oh what a game.
Look at that baby.
Oh is that a pet down there?
I don't know.
Oh look at that fellow who's been away for a while.
We're going to make a pack of cotton now.
Hope that toilet paper don't get wet.
Ho ho ho.
Your cotton now is a good quality brand.
What are you trying to say is very expensive.
What do you buy from the morning and pack gums with a ball and 790s as registration and identification?
WFU went and talked Miami broad.
WFU went 79.
We're not picking on them again.
We would do anything to hurt those poor guys.
Okay so I just emailed you that very deck ass column.
Okay I'll have it up in a jiffy.
Excellent.
Because I'm sure that most of our people have better taste than to read that Miami fish rapper.
So very nice going very baby.
You get a triple decker today.
How do you like that?
Three salami and Swiss sandwiches on Rai no less.
Mommy you'll make sure the seeds get picked out first.
From the bread that is bad news though from Dallas.
24 believe killed an evacuee bus fire explosion authorities now say 24 people were killed.
The day when explosions were through a charted bus filled with hurricane media evacuees near Dallas on gridlock interstate I-I-I-45.
Bus loaded with 42 passengers was in gulf with flames causing a 17 mile backup on a freeway that was already heavily congested with evacuees from the Gulf Coast.
It's a nightmare and you know they got a call yesterday about having them make all the highways one way outbound.
Right.
Can you believe that they didn't they didn't do that right away they should have done it right from the get-go.
At least you know all but a couple lanes or one lane or something.
Right there you go.
I mean obviously it's a tremendous task because you talked about miles and miles of freeway but nevertheless.
Definitely he's running able to get everyone off the bus.
Folks have been done perit said by early this morning the bus was reduced to a black and burned out shell surrounded by numerous police cars and ambulances.
Which we've seen how many times just in the last five minutes.
3rd man.
Police said it appears a mechanical problem aboard the bus caused a fire that reached oxygen tanks belonging to the elderly passengers.
Perit said the driver in the arriving deputies tried to rescue as many passengers from the bus as possible but couldn't save everybody.
24 days they're now saying he said the bus left the nursing home in the Houston suburb of Bel Air yesterday headed for facilities in the Dallas for a worth area.
See these people I guess thought they were going to be safe the neighbor well surprised.
Interstate 45 stretches more than 250 miles from Galveston through Houston to Dallas.
So you see they had this enormous amount of road to cover in terms of you know putting the cones down and etc.
But nevertheless they started way too late as usual for a forecast to say Rita remains an extremely dangerous category for hurricane with 140 mile hour winds.
Turn to the right more than expected meaning it may spare Houston and Galveston a directive but they're going to get and what it's going to do is going to well what it makes landfall stall.
And they say it's going to rain and rain and rain for days is what they were saying before so tornadoes a big storm surge in repwave are forecast and New Orleans is getting heavy duty rains right now and wind and wind etc.
Look at that in that area up to this point there's no one living there.
All right Mary tonight alive in New Orleans.
I got flooding going on again there because what did I tell you yesterday and these people in fact even said this morning there and certainly not news network well we've been talking a lot about Houston and about Texas and Galveston Island but you know we better take a look at look at that waters washing over the levy in New Orleans 5th Ward.
Look at that you see that.
I like that.
And 26-20 mile hour winds didn't we talk about that yesterday and of course are we meteorology.
No.
Do we know much of anything?
No.
My point being is that you didn't have to see a genius that we're going to have some serious tourists there again all over again not tourists but tourists.
Here's our polver's off the yesterday before we get to Barry Jackass and I will read that I might spend a whole four hours on this today except the 1130 the trends come up and Duff agrees with me.
We had a conversation with her before the show this morning and Miss Duff agrees that it's not important that we do all I well but that the other guys.
Oh, oh, and of course the other guys have nothing to do with us.
So I guess we're safe right.
I reckon because we know to a sports show you know the other 20 hours we're doing that the Congress sports crab.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
But it's important that the other sports station continues failing badly because dual fireberg gets upset like that.
Oh point.
Oh and of course the fact that they got a couple of wire diaries back one month in April in 18 to 34 whatever it was.
Oh, that's going to be our demographic and the other place got all those old Jews on the air and we're like the hip hip or any younger like that setup call.
We had the one day about how dad lavashed it is so much hip or any younger than the mad dog.
I mean what a joke that is.
You know, he's about his hip is the hula hoop.
Give me a break.
Anyway, one of the of all the things Neil talks about which is the least interesting view we asked if they were ring back some of these great old poles and it's going over big.
1798 votes and I trapped it off at eight o'clock this morning to put the new one on so we'd go over 18 hundred votes.
And let me just say this to you if I can find it.
You know how many votes we had in this pool when we took it about a year ago?
Out of the 1200.
697.
Wow.
And now we got 1800.
So either we have a lot more people listening where it's a good thing that I had the boys put the pool at the top of the website.
There were belongs or maybe we just maybe we're just going through the roof just to piss off Joel Feinberg because one thing I want Joel to do we will do anything to hurt you anything.
In fact, I really be very careful next time I started my car.
1798 votes of all the things Neil talks about the least interesting view hockey 496 the track 321.
Nice going day to long.
Brian's here.
He came in third with rock and roll.
Nice going Brian the best in the world anyway.
Gay stuff 178 no more than no more that factory man.
We're going to be the most macho.
We're going to show those pansies over any other place how macho you can be.
What real men do like talk about body wash.
Mo 150 no no no.
Like I said, let's use diet talk 126 the stock market 100.
Which I can't think of the last time I talked about the market other than just to warn you that it's a fools paradise for idiots.
Inside radio stuff 80 see as you go down the list here that means more and more they want to hear about this crap inside radio stuff.
That's what you're going to hear today a lot of it.
A lot of juicy gossip and the very jack.
Huh?
I said good.
Yeah, they like that stuff man.
That's what they want because everybody's like a yenta.
You know we're all the end is we want to talk so instead talking behind people's back on this station
We talk right to your face.
How do you like that Joel?
You idiot you quizzling you.
You're fairy.
Those bedtime stories 74 politics 59 religion 52.
Let's rip it and ask all you get keys out there man.
All you crazy people that are going to go to shul and church this weekend and waste your time and money and energy and bring wash your kids and make them walk around with those silly ass beanies on their head and have all the other kids make fun of them.
Music 48 now that went up a little bit but that's that's not all that bad you know what?
Right.
We got a music poll today.
There you go.
That's that we're playing any although Amsterdam 40 health problems 29.
Let me just put it this way.
I'm dying over here.
Movies 27 and food 18 now see movies remember the guy to call that was so adamant time about that about movies right.
How can it you know I'm surprised you got 27 please.
If you don't like movies just you know time for the long dirt nap.
I just don't understand like saying and food 18.
I'm sure from the fan in New York in the day to the mad dog at four or three hour assignment today.
Marlon's on deck don't tell them the job last night but it's a little bit late I think I'm afraid David Samson a little bit late.
Marlon's at Atlanta to pick on the braves at 735 followed by the world famous and camp on gambling show.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 Q.A.
Took me a little while a little slow learner but Neil I apologize.
It's weighty you are the truth.
Absolutely.
Who needs a little training like you understand you don't sound like a man remove the rubber bands that show your
own.
When you're going to grow up you make that you want to throw up you feel these sweet people go to
the beach boys 27 how can Van Halen be head of the beach boys what is with you silly turds and they're talking about my taste in these eight of
mine.
Oh brother the almond brothers 22 Lord I was born a drunk and priest who I just love that song you know and every time I hear a
rambling man I think of that scene from the excess even jars saw that everybody saw an actresses remember when he was
sitting in the bar says father I think I'm losing my faith it was just so beautiful I can't imagine why the
characters hated that movie but they wouldn't Chicago 21 liners skinned 18 nor vana 15
competti in the heartbreakers 12 how heartbreaking oh I got one it's not on there yet whoo well me read the list kiss
nine grateful that eight the Ramones eight are they still dead hey Joe yeah the band seven Jefferson airplane seven is
grace slick red hot chili pepper seven talking head six the bird six the birds how about the turds
bond joby five in the cars to what about CCR oh very good which I hate hate them but I say I try to be fair
even though I can't stand credence clear water or oh god CCR rolling they're rolling it and you're just
smoking it that's right all right so there's another one for you we'll get a lot of votes on there we'll
leave it up over the weekend you have a good time with it if you want to add some on there once we get
taken calls many many hours later all we got that wq a m hello hello yes very jackass line what can we do
for you sir that one for the poll okay sublime sublime okay to the ridiculous it's really really crazy you put the
towel go in there okay I already did I already put metallic on there oh my talika oh okay well what about
thirty eight special okay huh I know you don't like them I just like the one song what that was
I song hold on loosely hold on loosely I like that I like that a lot of the first five hundred times in the
world a company very you know you're just such a hard-ass man sorry special we had one pretty good song that was right and
uh yeah and what and you mean before they destroyed it I like that what about the turtles British I think
are they turtles are how about mom is in town I don't know British ooh no how about the mom is in
pop is in the 11 spoonful huh not a few research the turtles now no I don't know yeah you better
look up the turtles where they're brits I'm not really sure but we sure don't want to put no
brits on a note ooh unclean unclean wq a m hello qa m here they all want for the poll yes sir
let's definitely let's zeppelin they're not the Americans no they're British so wrong with you man
let's zeppelin my ass probably wq a m hello for no it's the grass stuff in my ass who am Neil yes sir Cliff
unfortunately Lucy yes Cliff you son depressed what's wrong yeah I'm watching the news too much yeah listen
don't watch it yeah every now and then you'll say something that um whether two years month or
week later comes back and it's like I remember Neil or I was thinking the same thing with that bitch
Rita caused me oh god that's gonna be three years ago in that nut job clothes out there said they
cloned a child remember that yeah she uh she was interviewing the head of the cult she was
taking a personal thought she was gonna throw a Bible at the guy she started throwing at the mouth
she started uh cross on the line on there that's when I realized she was a crazy person yeah sounds
like she's got some stuff in her mouth too when she talks stuff gonna throw it she's just got a
little bit of a trowel is it really okay I want to have you wins blowing are they really heavy and
how come people are like my voice I could go out and spend five grand on a plies with TV and turn
around I break the TV yeah I'm a true rock through it you're right okay well excellent taste
value and have a great life where's Lee Harvey Oswald when you need him he's probably trying to
get to Dallas but he's having trouble with the traffic hey he was a patty he wasn't patty that's
what he said yeah there was patty flying patty flying she's walking after midnight I like it
and what was the other big hit patty flying crazy crazy crazy like that crazy she was on
deck of records I believe patty flying why do I see I gotta do something I got a lot of
things out of my mind what you got five hits on my computer here no no she had a lot of big hits
walking after midnight crazy um give me a clue I go to pieces I thought the pieces close
I thought I go to pieces I fall there's and then I go to pieces what's that she's got you oh
really that's what she thinks what a talk up huh and what's this one that's why I definitely don't
know he knew you talked it up in the lower one of Kentucky yeah oh that's not first time I was
Elvis though the blue moon around talking never the light she covered it with a blanket okay she
in the heart you're cheating our patty climb good old there she is now she's not a group although
I'm not gonna talk to her but we put steely down the pole because somebody okay steely then there's
still out of gas and they better not be in Texas because if you're out of gas in Texas you're
S.O.L. baby you're in deep doodoo 20 till I guess we have to do the break in then the world flaming
very jackass colony this is Neil Roger this those cry Joel those numbers are coming out baby
what's gonna happen
Friday you bursting what Gary are doing tonight and why mine's want to know that's why inquiring
mines read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space it's
in the house he's Paul a hawk and the true mother of the elephant man it's in the house he's
John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry it's in the house is Jim Baker about to give birth to Jerry's
fall well baby in the herald sex sex sex more hot
oh it's in the house russ scary hearts amazing right style from Florida a
crossword puzzle that has no answer our own two enterprises just to us I can't
love letters to Neil Roger and we're so sorry uncle Albert but we haven't worth a
bloody thing although mindless badly rhetoric it's hell in the latest inch one the Miami
herald available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere and where final manure is
spread 1045 and 560 wc you know who he left off and I can't believe it although
somebody might say well they're not a rock band well of course they are okay yeah
and their other Chicago was on there isn't it was on the original one right I thought we
left them off that would be really bad maybe I just didn't read it maybe it was my
band but look who's leading so far I cannot just a mic a few I've got 19 stars
what 19 solids from the Eagles just in the computer wow
well that's great I still voted for the doors I'll get some doors up here just a little bit
anyway here's very jackass writes in the herald this morning finally after all these years
very right say provocative calm he says south Florida sports talk plays more like a soap opera
and of course we all know that he is absolutely correct it's 8 a.m. in 1990s Joe Rose is tweaking
down a la Bastard and the station general manager John Stugot's weener it's 2 p.m. and Howard
David raises the idea of punching w2m talk show is Neil Rogers who is bash David for years
that's my to our audience it's 5 p.m. and la Bastard and weener are returning fire on Rose
every day is a soap opera on south Florida sports talk radio and listeners elected to
determine which insults are stick in which are serious 790 actually we see emails from people
wondering whether certain hosts genuinely dislike each other well we've never had those very
but of course you have your head up their ass and actually you know more about their emails
another about hour since you have the inseture relationship but anyway very goes on
in our business everybody's material w2m's Orlando Alza query said brock solid you have to be thick
skin most of it is stick but some of it is personal but in what other business do employees
openly express disdain for their bosses and publicly ripped colleagues this market is unique
said David who's been the broadest several on air host barbs during a three and a half years
of qa m i have a hard time believing that this exists all over this country though David
does it happens in earch 2 it disappoints me i thought it was supposed to be entertainers and
communicators and not little old ladies talking over the back of the fence David continued just
before he said i really believe the majority of the audience would rather discuss topics
that inside stuff some people consider entertainment i consider it a waste of time he said
w2m host you manage who is rarely criticized by the host in the markets he's the matter differently
than mo howard david it's funny and makes for good listening especially beating up on your boss
man it said listers love it man it suggests it might not have been a coincidence that wqm
finally we emberst him for traveler's fences after he complained about the issue on the year
wqm general mangler Greg Reed who reportedly will leave the station by the end of the year
allows rangers to insult him repeatedly but seven nineties dual fineberg won't permit his host
to do the same uh... uh... what a baby yeah thin skinned just wait for these numbers come out
jol if they're what i think they're gonna be man their skin is gonna break you better get some
gauze and uh... cotton batten i have a policy the way it goes it's the wqm is not allowed at my
station it's not acceptable said fine bring the majority investor in the group that's leasing seven
nineties signal they're leasing it they don't own it they're leasing it host the host and they want
to take shot at the she's uh... in each other that's their business just not at him because he's
ahead hauncho he's the big cheese he's the uh... big laugh her he's uh... whatever he is rose
delivered some treats that management says i take a little jabs one step bothers me i just go with
it without thinking all how about another suspension for joe huh the roger's david situation is
clearly personal that's a lot of it really says what about the insulting exchanges between libass
didn't rose ninety seven percent of the stick and the other three percent is me and joe being babies
who need pacifiers of bastard said that what i seem to be a lot of babies over the land station
including the general man there jol feinberger the whatever's name is uh... he's on the general
man who is to got to me and that with the article says uh... i'm trying to jol feinberg is that oh
i'm sorry the majority investor the big like i said the head she's local host take different
approaches when mocked by colleagues wqm qam steve goldstein has responded anglia to roger's
comedy bits about him no quite the contrary very not only has any responded angrily but he actually
sang the gildey song which is why played it in barris back uh... years ago when we first
are playing that remember that he liked it see this is the thing we put out i put so many of these
people on the map i make them famous were otherwise they'd be generally ignored i make them in
life so i mean it's vulca brine is made in the like major big life characters he's not a fan of my
voice that's well within his right school steen said he was doing a radio show his job is to
enter paint and attain people he does it well how do you like that that gildey man sucking up a little bit
i told you to do a hell of a job on those panther games david said he took his colleagues shots
personally at first but then i realized it's just a way to provoke someone after a while i get
brain damage and find myself shooting back just to be defensive and then the good side of my brain
says you're jumping at the same cesspool whoo hey mow do do do do do do do do do do can repeat it
just by colleagues her to target of those attacks david says they can because perception becomes
reality oh goldstein disagree see gildey he's on top of it i've never gotten a job or radio
I have never not gotten a job or a new ship because of what Neil Roger said.
His guilty. See? He understands it.
Now here is, here comes this is the part. We almost ought to have a fanfare for this.
This is the greatest line, the greatest baby line in the history of human race,
even little baby with rattles.
Canceling this line coming up.
WQM wants to lure Rose back. In that interesting, Greg, you want to lure her back after you're
standing in the classroom and jerked him around a couple of times and then puts her in
the classroom.
Now he'd like to have him back. Too late.
WQM wants to lure back Rose but Rose who enjoys his dolphins, Amela's job said, I'm happy
where I am.
Said Feinberg. Now here it is, here comes the piece of the resistance. Said Feinberg,
Joe is going nowhere. He has an uncompete clause. He hates WQM. WQM, see? He got that
part wrong. He hates Greg Reed, isn't he? QAM.
He hates WQM. WQM is one to do anything they heard us. How do you like that? WQM is
one to do anything they heard us. He's Joe Feinberg. That's just got to be the most
hysterical. Poor baby. You've got to try to hire the Humper that tried to hire Mad Dog
and Mowball Kimball. Canceled after you played little games with him and were going to
whaaat? Well, we're the main guys. Okay, we're the bad guys. Okay, Joe. You could be
the whistles over there. We're the bad guys. Meanwhile, says Barry. David's future remains
uncertain. His contract expires in March.
And then there's some crap about one step being loser, which we know. But nice go on,
Barry. Barry Jackass. Let's hear it, audience. Let's hear it. War. We're Barry Jackass,
who finally redeems himself with a sensation article. This is the kind of people, this
is the kind of crap that people stink their teeth into as opposed to a, well, let's talk
about abortion and let's talk about all this other boring garbage that some people,
I don't want to mention Tommy's name. Think that talk weight you're still all about. Look
at this. That's a number that has been out there. But he also 40 mile hour Justin
New Orleans and the ninth district. He's levy. His, uh, flooded the area. Honorate because
of all of this. He certainly is in the area. He is going to be going to be hurt from
the end of the century. I'm sure. Over by members of the 82nd Airborne there and he will
be serving the situation from there over the next hour.
Sharon, look at that. Looks like Nualeans is starting off with the same stuff. All over
again. That. What is this thing? California girl expelled from Christian School because
her parents are lesbian. Where this come from? Somebody sent this in. Uh, duped it to me.
Oh, hey, duped you fairy. Ontario, California not to be confused with Ontario Canada.
Ontario, California, a 14 year old student was expelled from a Christian School because her
parents are lesbians. The school superintendent said in the letter lesbians. Oh my god.
Shay Clark was expelled from Ontario Christian School yesterday. Your family does not meet the
policies of admission. Superintendent Leonard Stob wrote to Tina Clark, big girls biological
mother. Stob broke that school policy requires that at least one parent may not engage in practices
immoral or inconsistent with a positive Christian lifestyle such as co-habiting without marriage
or in a homosexual relationship. The LA Times reports today. Stob couldn't be reached for comment
by the newspaper. Shay and her parents said they won't fight the ruling. School administrators
learned that the parents relationship this week after Shay was reprimanded for talking to the
crowd during a football game. Tina Clark said, Clark and her partner have been together 22 years
have two other daughters ages nine and nineteen. Oh, how about that? You can't be in a Christian
school because your parents are a bunch of bull bikes. How do you like that? Why would that
your partner in a puff on it? Why would they want to center to that kind of a school anyway?
Oh, who knows because they're crazy. I guess. Why would anybody want to be involved with any of
these religions anyway? They got to be crazy. I have to be nuts. 458 votes in the first hour.
We got to shot at the 500 there. I think I'm not getting into that thing about, you know,
don't you agree, Josh? We've already proven our point. We got a massive vivid gigantic
audience out there. The poll results are assimilating. That's right. We don't need to agree. We only
poll the counts as that damn arbitrage on crap, but we don't care about that because it's the
summer book going to be finishing up. Anyway, we got two thirds of the summer book and that trend
come at 11.30 this morning. And I'll tell you one thing. Some station nine. No, I don't want to
mention. No colliders or frequency. Better have more than a point. Oh, this time we're going to be
in real deep due to they better start looking in the mirror over there with the crap they're
putting on the other than Joe. The garbage they're putting on here expecting people to listen to
and then I'll understand it's got nothing to do with QM hurting them. It has to do with the fact
that they suck. You see that's the difference, Joel. Just like Mo talking about oh yeah, well
perception becomes reality. You're the one that created this image by coming in like a windbag
speaking of bags and quits pleasing the bag by the way, it stinks. Yeah, the people of the fan
probably when they get up off stream from that man. Look out. Anyway, we got about almost 500 votes
on a poll. The best American rock band of all time. Eagles. Oh, look at it. It's a tie race. I
mean a pretty little arosmith in a minute. Get them over the top. Eagles 68, arosmith 67, neck and neck
nose to nose and a speedy a Tyler would say, look to look. Dora 61. Don't give us no lift. Van
Hill in 41, B4, 31, almond brothers 26, Chicago 22, Litter and Skinner 21, Nirvana 18, what is
up that is Tom Petty in Heartbreakers 15, the grateful day at 12. Let's get out some of them.
A tie dyed ties. I'm tying over here. The band 11, the Red Hot Chili Pepper stand. They
were Moans 10, rest in pieces and everybody else single digits small potatoes so far. 1056,
QA and Normal Nays is getting soft and we saw that coming yesterday. Didn't we being the great
media role just that we are. You can just smell of coming those outer bands. It's just a bad
stuff man. And I still say that once this thing goes in light, it's going to flatten Crawford,
Texas. You mark my word. The Lord is pissed off at George W. Bush. He is nauseated with his
fascist crap that's going on. All these innocent dead people all around the world. He is going to
nail his ass. Going to take Crawford tech, take that whole town and level it. And when George
goes back to the ranch, he just ain't got to be there. How did you sleep last night in a recent
national survey by the National Sleep Foundation, fewer than half Americans who were
getting good night's sleep most nights. One of the primary reasons is not having a comfortable
support of mattress like a brand new great Simmons Beauty Rest Queen set from our friends in
Dyle mattress. The Simmons Beauty Rest Features individually pocketed coil so you won't feel your
partner thrashing around during the night. Now price interest 599 bucks. And this is for a limited
time only. So pick up that phone now and call 1-800 mattress and tell me what the Neil deal
that great Simmons Beauty Rest set for just 599 bucks plus a portion of every Dyle mattress purchase
will be donated to Hurricane Katrina Relief. When you call 1-800 mattress, you always get
same day delivery all across town by calling 1-800 mattress. You can choose from the deepest
selection and you still get amazingly to pick the date and time for the Liberia to our
window to fit your schedule when you're going to be home and Dyle mattress shows up on time.
99.7% of the time what's not to like. I've been using them for years. All the folks at QM
are using them and you ought to be doing the same call 1-800 mattress or log on to their website
mattress.com. Give them a call right now. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
1-800 mattress. That's 1-800 MATTRE. I honestly want the last is because it stands for
Stu Gods and Stu Pendes saving this is Neil Rogers. This is by sixty-barn you.
This is the Neil Rogers show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Talk about your death while presidents. Oh you ain't kidding. Goodbye George, you gotta go
home. You gotta go home because you got to back on the bio. But you sure flew quick when
it came to sit. Carry shallow. Sun above bushes afoot your tush now saved by you. That's
how George, it's why people grow. You played around a relaxing golf ball. He was on
a bank cash where I already is another couple of keys that's ever been though. Oops.
And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario. You with the one busy having fun in that
single room. You'll investigate at a later date. That's real bullshit. So I'll think
of one's that you get locked up so it don't continue. But no one will get blamed like with
aging. No hands will roll. Of course. And as for this to be a slap on the wrist and no
charges file. What a surprise. Because you're a liar. No one gets fired with each new
mess. Oh nobody. A new death toll will slip in the polls. That's no problem. Oh,
no. That's it. Your spin machine will deal with new Orleans. Cause that's their job. Oh,
as per usual. Sun above bushes afoot your tush. You're an asshole. We just don't understand.
You got blood on your hands. What worth no brain. Oh, I'm a problem. So you made it obvious.
At least in most of us you have no shame. Oh shame. What's that? And what's with that
smirk you stupid jerk when people have died. Oh, so the book beats you should be in
the beach. Then we mean from the new hall of favor and get the
f*** out. You're here. Yeah, yes.
You fairly.
I cut Chad.
Youtoo.
You
faire.
I kept the right on and down and let the wrong ones in had a change of the mercy to
see men through all my sins.
They were times in my life when I was born insane.
I'm shy to walk through the sky when I lost my grip.
I'm technically intended to play the whole thing because I love it so much, but I better not
do that.
By the way, we put it on there when the first facts came in and we've gotten five cents,
so all you steelyed in people out there, it's on there, please.
It's on there.
Steely in is on there.
And also the turtles, I'm sure you look at that.
They're from the Ewok, so they're on the boat.
Yeah, they're only one boat.
But the turtles are not from England and Georgia Apologizes.
They're not from Westchester, England.
They're from Westchester, Long Island.
Correct.
Uh-oh.
You're not trying to tilt this.
I'll play all of this stuff.
Eagles, doors, airosmen, all of these things.
Something wrong with the world today.
I don't know what it is.
All of these things.
Something wrong with eyes.
Something wrong with eyes.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Anyway, a suicide bomb or detonated explosives inside a bus.
And not a good day for bus people, I guess, today.
You know how that day.
Today killing two people in 2017.
Later today in the Iraqi capital, government shot dead two Interior Ministry officials and a
brother of one of them in their cars.
This continued 24 hours of violence in which two US soldiers and two insurgents died.
So we're just continues.
And of course, you're not seeing too much about this on the news because naturally it has
nothing to with hurricanes.
We have other buses to a bigger fish to fry and other buses to set on fire, things like
that.
Sixth stuff.
Now there's governor Perry a Texas or other patients.
Hey, God is a 10 gallon hat on.
That means he's reeled out of Syria's business, I guess.
This is global warming since environmental chief has hurricane read a threatened devastation
scientist blames climate.
This is from the independent UK.
Blames climate change.
Super powerful hurricanes now hitting the US are the smoking gun of global warming.
What a Britain's leading scientist believes the growing violence of storm such as Katrina
which wrecked New Orleans and read enough threatening Texas is very probably caused by climate
change since John Lotton chairman.
And I'm sure no relation to Charles Lotton chairman of the Royal Commission on Environmental
Pollution.
Hurricanes were getting more intense justice computer models predictably would because
of the rising temperature of the sea he said the increased intensity of these kinds of
extreme storms is very likely to be due to global warming.
Oh my God.
In a series of outspoken comments a thinly veiled attack on the Bush administration,
Sir John hit out at neocons in the US who still denied the reality of climate change.
Referring to the arrival of hurricane, Rita, he said if this makes the climate loonies
in the state's release realize we've got a problem.
Some good will come out of a truly awful situation.
As he spoke more than a million people were fleeing north from the coast of Texas as
Rita, one of the most intense storms on record, Rour to the Gulf of Mexico.
It'll probably make landfall.
Well, they're saying out 10 o'clock in our morning.
There are real fears that Houston could suffer as badly from Rita as New Orleans suffered
from Katrina less than a month ago.
As for conclusion, the Bush administration should draw from two hurricanes of such high
intensity hitting the US in quicks of session.
Sir John said if what looks like is going to be a horrible mess causes the extreme
skeptics about climate change in the US to reconsider their opinion, that would be an
extremely valuable outcome.
As to about characterizing them as loonies, he said there are a group of people in various
parts of the world who simply they want to accept human activities can change climate
and are changing the climate.
I'd like to then the people who denied that smoking causes lung cancer.
I call the flat earth proud, Sir John.
Not that he cares.
With his comments, Sir John becomes the third or leaders of Britain scientific establishment
to attack the US over the Bush government's determination to cast doubt on global warming
as a real phenomenon.
Sir John's comments, following support recent research, much of it from America itself,
showing that hurricanes are getting more violent and suggesting climate changes because
a paper by US researchers last week in the US Journal of Science showed that storms of
the intensity of Katrina become almost twice as common in the past 35 years.
Although the overall frequency of cultural storms were wide, as remained broadly level since
1970, the number of extreme category 4 and 5 events has sharply risen.
In the 70s, there is an average of about 10 category 4 and 5 hurricanes here, but since
1990, they've nearly doubled an average of about 18 years.
During the same period, sea surface temperatures among the key drivers of hurricane intensity
have increased by an average of 0.5 degrees Celsius that's 9th to the degree Fahrenheit.
Sir John said increasingly it looks like a smoking gun is a fair conclusion to draw that
global warming caused to a substantial extent by people is driving increased sea surface
temperatures and increasing the violence of hurricanes.
Not to mention, of course, the fact that polar ice capture is vanishing and that pretty
soon we're all going to drown.
But nevertheless, we'll be dead soon anyway.
Thank the Lord.
Connie?
Yeah.
I mean, there will be states and there will be countries that will just be underwater,
not real soon, not like in a week, maybe about a month.
That's a bunch of cities like this one.
If you like Amsterdam, you better go there quick because that whole thing is built on
a deck of cards.
It's going to be underwater.
I'll stop brief.
Okay.
How many votes we got?
What's that poll doing?
Sir, I think this one's a little more lively than the first time we've done it.
502 votes?
What did I say?
We had 748 total on the first time in this poll.
Well, we're going to finish that.
We'll top that by the end of the show today.
So that's our goal, Josh.
749.
Can we handle it?
Oh, yeah.
The best American rock band of all time.
The Eagles.
73.
Aerosmith.
72.
I've been on pushups today now.
I've always heard the doors myself.
What is my favorite door song?
I love it.
You won't hear this on the Magic 102.7 because Bob Hamilton is an A-hole.
Okay, an idiot.
You've never walked in.
Right?
Right.
Push.
Central.
Our love is beautiful.
So there's your choice.
We've got a real battle.
This is going to be one of the most contentious polls on your contentious station on this
highly contentious show that we've ever had.
73 for the Eagles 72 for Aerosmith and the Dores 67.
We've got a three-way human race, man.
It's great.
And I think by the end of the show today that we're going to probably get a call for
me to Don Johnson or Jim Morrison.
Is that Don on the phone?
Is that Stan on the phone?
Van Halen 42, the Beach Boys only 32.
Come on.
I better crank out some of that crap too pretty soon, huh?
I got it.
I got it.
We got it.
Almond Brothers 27, Chicago only 23.
Oh, my God.
Van Halen's ahead of Chicago.
You people need mental help.
Van Halen my ass.
Leonard Skitter 22, Nevada 20.
Tom Petty in the Heartbreakers 15.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 13.
The Ramones 14.
O 05, Guanje BARUF Rasquences 15.
steelyan 05.
steelyan 05,esteelyan 04,
sleighwood mic 03.
Sand ponton 2.
GODWAMMEsteelyan 05,ne rarely finds mainly a to physical
sublime, there's
The Ramones 13.
Sigh goes out2.
rod, lacqu franceen p Mona
Lumia charge 300-God i
mags 4 1.
For, Gver 56, Almond
Wake up, somebody wake up at a case under a lot of doug duress.
Lovely duress by the way, we're in a pink shirt.
12 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQM, the Emerald Coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet.
That's not just my opinion, which I've had for a long time.
You can't beat it, but also as a get restaurant review says that.
You asked for it now every Friday through Sunday night, lobster fest is back at Emerald Coast.
My popular demand, feet remain lobster served, thermidor style.
And you can still enjoy crab fest every night, with less in the snow crab legs dungeon,
this crab and Jonah stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-challena sushi bar, with over 30 different
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
no cornstarch, no crap, no headaches, just a big fat puppet when you walk out. Look your
reservations to one memorable coast tree locations you'll find them in sunrise, sunny
else beach and pember pine for the Emerald Coast call 954-572-3822, not just a meal but
a real serious pig-out.
This is meal Roger. This is 516-1-M.
Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son
may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle Joe. My mother is my
dear aunt Chloe. It is very late to see you. My first cousin is me.
When someone loud-bracker tries to put me down and says there's no interest. I jump right
away now. What's the matter buddy? Ain't you heard of my school? It's number one in the
nation.
I'm a new box. I'm a key embroidering gold. It's sure it's gold. I wear it everywhere.
I go round to other A's D's A's they don't know what to say. So be true, you're sure.
I'm a new box. I try, I swear. I should try, I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I
I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I
should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try. I should try.
Okay, now for now, Ray. 1121 is 560 WQM. Here's the fact is, is would you read the Great Paul
Prognon at A.N.E.L.? Yes, I will. In a minute. He's coming up to me. He's in my pile.
So there you go. All right. How do you like that? Now we're getting requests for articles.
You knew what you'd better try. What's Miguel going to think of that? Hey, Miguel, you jackass.
You are really WQM. Hello. Happy Friday, Neil. Back to you. It's your happy poem.
Hey, it will be down for Erasmus, but don't you think the talent belongs on your full? It is.
No. Seven votes. Not doing all that great, but they're on there. Black rose. I beg your pardon?
The black rose. Oh, the black rose. Nobody knows the black rose. Rose. See you. Good on you.
WQM. Hello. Yes, sir.
It's always so that we need to hear it again, definitely. WQM. Hello.
WQM. Hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. First of all, the those two new
Bush bits are great. I mean, they're wonderful. Where were those came from?
Those are great. Some genius. All right. Second, although I voted for the Eagles,
the band that are probably be pretty popular down here since it's one of those that they've played
into the ground. Boston. Oh, Boston. How could we forget to rest in? Yeah. So you're right,
though. They're overplayed, man. If I never got a Boston song. Overrated too soon. All right. Thank you.
Thanks a lot, pal. Boston. Don't forget Boston. Oh, speaking of the dolphins,
game will be televised locally. Oh, brother, Hank can get another promo out of that same jackass
calling and say, Oh, well, we almost didn't get to see this game. Believe me, if that game is like
what I think it's going to be, you're not going to want to see it. The dolphins Carolina Panthers
game will be locally televised at one o'clock Sunday by Channel 7 and 29, a source said yesterday.
Because let's see, the dolphins donated roughly 3700 tickets yesterday in diverse entities,
including 3300 students participating in a school reading program. The dolphins also donated
to a 4,000 tickets to civilian military personnel in the area before the seasonal
border against Denver. So they have it a cough up about 4,000 tickets just to get the games,
the blackout lifted every game because, you know, that's the kind of outfit it is. Who don't
want to buy tickets to see that? To see a girls team, huh? With all due respect and excitement
for whom I have no respect. I mean, even though he was a Michigan state, maybe,
I'm okay, I was there too. And so it was definitely dourity, so big, big simmous.
562 votes. What do you think? About what? Got a shot at 600. I don't know about life. It's us.
Case fences listening, by the way. Is he so alive?
Which country would that be? Back to the car wash guy. How's the team is going?
I know what the vibe is. The atmosphere is in the back and what this is going to be.
That's the day on a hundred second.
Okay. That's enough of that. 567.0560. I'd better do the Paul Krugman thing.
That's something that's going to be a really upset with me, right?
Right. Like that person. And in about six minutes, it's going to be 1130,
which means those trends, those arbitrains, those radio ratings will come
puking across that fast machine, which is just too crazy to do some
or rating book. And of course, that's not on, not on my watch, not on my, uh, uh,
say, co-watch. Hey, you were there. The big, uneasy rights, Paul Krugman.
Have I got time to read this? How long is this one? It was long. That's not bad.
Although her came Katrina and drowned much of New Orleans, the damage to America's
economic infrastructure actually fell short of early predictions. Of course,
Rita may make up for that, but Katrina did more than physical damage. It was a blow to
our self-image as a nation. Maybe people will quickly forget the horrible scenes from the
super dome and the frustration of wondering why no help had arrived. Once cable TV returns
to nonstop coverage of missing white women, but my guess is that Katrina shocked to our
sense of ourselves will persist for years. America's current state of mind reminds me of the
demoralized mood of the late 1979 when a confluence of events, double-digit inflation,
gas lines in the Iranian hostage crisis led to a national crisis of confidence.
Start with economic confidence. The available measures say that consumer confidence, which
already was declining before Katrina hit, has now fallen off a cliff. One retrospective survey
from the University of Michigan says that consumer sentiment is at its lowest level since George
Bush, the elder, was president, and America want my wrong was a national bestseller.
It's true that gasoline prices have receded from their post Katrina peaks, but even if
we disperse the refineries, a full recovery of economic confidence seems unlikely.
For one thing, it looks as if we're in for a long cold winter. Natural gas and fuel are still
there in their price peaks, and most families who are already struggling even before Katrina.
A few weeks ago, they sensibly were reported that in 2004, while Washington and Wall Street were
handing a bush boom, poverty increased, and median family income failed to keep up with inflation.
It's safe to assume that most families didn't even worse this year. Then there's the war in
Iraq, which is rapidly becoming impossible to spend positively. The purple fingers have become
have come and gone, and there are no more corners to turn. As a result, views that people like
Howard Dean were once derided for becoming the majority opinion, most Americans say the war
was a mistake. A majority say the administration deliberately misled the country into war,
almost four in ten say Iraq will turn into another Vietnam.
And many people are outraged by the cost of the war that general public doesn't closely
follow economist arguments about the risks of budget deficits or try to decide between
competing budget projections. But people do know there's a big deficit that politicians keep
calling for cuts and spending and that rebuilding after Katrina will cost a lot of money.
They resent the idea that large sums of being spent in a far away country where we're
waging a war whose purpose seems increasingly obscure. Finally, fragmentary evidence like a sharp
drop in the fraction of Americans who approve of President Bush's performance in handling terrorism
and the failure of large crowds to show up for the Pentagon's America supports you March and
country music concert suggests that the confluence of Katrina and the fourth anniversary of 9-11
caused something to snap in public perceptions about the so-called war on terror.
In the early months after 9-11 America's self-confidence actually seemed to have been bolstered
by the attack. The Taliban were quickly overthrown and President Bush looked like an effective
leader. The positive perception of what happened after 9-11 has needless to say,
than a mainstay of Mr. Bush's political stature. But now that more time is elections 9-11,
that the whole stretch from Pearl Harbor to VGA Day, people are losing faith. Osama
turns out could both run and hide. It's obvious from the evening news that Al-Qaeda and
violent Islamic extremism in general are flourishing. And the hapless response to Katrina,
which should have been easier to deal with than a terrorist attack, has shown that her leaders
have done virtually nothing to make us safer. And here's the important point. These blows
to our national self-image are mutually reinforcing. The sense that we're caught in an unwinnable war
reinforces the sense that the economy is getting worse and vice versa. So we're having a crisis
of confidence. It's the kind of crisis that opens it off for dramatic political changes,
possibly but not necessarily in a good direction. But we'll provide leadership now that Mr. Bush
is damaged goods. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.16.8.
Oh, Katrina, why can't those people flee? This person will be easy and
a panic risk for hierarchy.
I'm tired of a hand for a shignore in the city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Abu Dhabi is a great self-discipline in the astradone like Kato.
While half the national guard was in Iraq.
Absolutely.
He's up funding for their levies.
Looters causing and our key. In a rubah we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway for one white girl we trained a late.
I need an ask for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year they'll be no Marty Brown.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film through the Florida.
You look at those pictures on CNN right now.
They have the word you want to name them.
We're down on a levee and they sent in votes to try to cheer off the levees.
But a little bit late now water is pouring over the levee in New Orleans.
Just like four bastards unbelievable.
Lord works in mysterious ways.
He must be pretty peered about them all.
Something going on there.
Are these 12 plus numbers?
You want to wait for the men?
You've got numbers already.
We wait for the full book the last couple of months.
The monthlies are so spastic and so inaccurate.
We just have a lot of people like us.
And a lot of people don't like Joel Feinberg.
I got news for you, Joel.
If you think your crybaby comments in very Jackass comments this morning
you're going to endear anybody in a public to you out there.
You're a dream man.
At least Greg Reed, say what you want about him and believe me we always do.
At least Greg has learned over the years I've conditioned him to take a lot of abuse.
In fact, I think he enjoys it now.
It's kind of an SNM thing.
But you Mr. Hodgschon, they aren't going to talk about me.
That's I just put my foot down.
And WQ went, what?
A lot of people are reading that story by the way.
Josh, thanks for putting that up there.
It's zooming through the top.
Just like the bush being a drunk again, drinking again.
When zooming way to the top yesterday through his own website.
And we know it would.
Said Feinberg, Joe is going nowhere.
Meaning Joe Rose, he has an uncompete clause.
He hates WQIM.
He doesn't hate me.
He doesn't hate George or Josh.
He doesn't hate Hank.
He doesn't hate Mad Dog.
He hates Greg and he hates somebody else.
He doesn't hate Gelly.
Well, right?
He doesn't hate Gelly.
He doesn't want to want to show.
But doesn't hate him.
Doesn't hate the Beast.
Didn't hate Farrell.
Joe is not hateful kind of a guy.
But he hates a couple of people.
I mean, Greg obviously would be one of them.
And rightfully so.
Because Greg is directing around so much that it's like painful.
And of course, he hates the mole mice.
But then the line from Joel Feinberg, the big head Hansjo.
The head sees the real serious big mocher over there at 790.
He says WQIM is willing to do anything to hurt us.
And guess what Joel?
You're right.
We might just talk about you every day for four hours.
We might just bury you.
Even though we do like Joe Rose a lot.
We like Boog too, but he's not a talk show host.
Okay, now let's see what we got.
A fact that says just wanting to know I saw the Panthers here.
They look like, that's good.
Okay, we're not talking hockey.
Okay, thank you very much.
They have one their first to exhibitionist games.
That's great.
Lisa, what a couple here.
Fine. Nobody cares.
Persons 12 plus.
Let's read all the numbers.
What do you say?
Put these people into a coma after we take a few calls.
WQIM, hello.
Yeah.
Can you find them?
WQIM, hello.
Yes sir. Speak up.
Your comments.
Oh, that hit me again.
Him and his boyfriend there.
WQIM, hello.
QAM.
Neil. Yeah.
Park your red states.
What is it?
Park your red states.
The one's going to hit that hurricane.
What is this man talking about?
They're all red states.
Because the red states are in their long-to-gull for the hurricanes are in this one.
Maybe got it?
They're stopping the red states, huh? Coincidence?
No, maybe got his PO.
Get a new phone pad. You sound like crap.
Okay, I'm getting these numbers here.
12 plus for the entire week, hot 105, 6.3.
That means this is kind of a dark trend.
CMQ FM 5.7.
They're second all of a sudden.
CMMA Q, Q 5.7.
Life 5.7.
Time for second with CMQ.
Oh, that's not a good life.
Slush.
Radio Amor 4.8.
They're number four.
4.8.
Drop a little bit there from that phony last one.
EDR 4.6.
They're number five.
This 12 plus is the whole audience.
Nobody cares about power 96, 3.9.
Where they play a lot of Phil.
Love 94, 3.7.
Radio Mambe 3.6.
They're dropping a little bit.
Maybe those old Julio's with the green teeth are dying over there.
You can hear that from a little fan if you listen real carefully.
I'm dying over here.
You can now sit in that language.
Oh, that's right.
We got that in there.
But, well, it's not worth it.
Y-103.5.
SDJ 3.4.
That sounds like one of those rust-awacest phony-belony deals.
MIB, men in black, or like Jennifer Rembo would say,
men in chains the way she likes them.
2.4.
They're number 10.
Tied for 10th with SDJ.
Whatever that.
Magic.
Oh, look at the way they're dropping.
4.0 to a 3.5.
They're dropping from 7 to a 5.
12th.
That's probably because of the garbage Bob Hamilton's playing on there.
Hey, Bob, you idiot.
You're fair.
Yeah.
And Rich Rod don't like you much either.
Big 3.3.
What I must have been called, and again, these mean nothing.
Where the hell is some of us?
IOD 2.8.
They drop back down again.
Where's QAM?
Oh, back up there from a 1-8 to a 2-1.
Well, you know, at least we're not doing a 2-2.
That's the overall week 12-plus, which includes all the old parts.
How come the old parts don't like us?
No more?
No more?
Waxy.
Uh-oh.
0.9 in number.
The spring, 0.7 in May, June and July, and still hanging in there at a 0.7.
All right.
For Waxy and the Amtus Joel Feinberg.
This is Neil Rogers.
Hey Joel, you've passed 5.69.
Hey, hey.
Friday, you bastard.
Abelooner.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Now, pack me back.
I'm so sad, make all the money that I've made.
And while you're at it all the day.
You ain't in search of injuries.
Just take my firstborn baby.
Now, I'm taking these options.
I'll be old again.
Bracken.
Find some taxes.
Or just make those ways of this.
The IRS.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Now, pack me back.
Pack my dog.
Pack my freaking two pay.
Pack my patience.
Pack my gratitude.
Yeah, I'm going to lose it anyway.
Bye, April 15th at Freddy's Day.
You're fair.
1146, 14, till then.
We got the Mole Meister from the fan in New York.
I guess we've never had anybody.
I have a clearance didn't bother coming in saying, oh, that's a deal.
But wouldn't you assume he's still there?
Clare's?
Clare's is there and maybe a factor two of them are doing something.
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm looking at these waxing numbers and it seems to me everywhere.
I looked at the first number.
Oh, yeah, what is that?
Person's 12 plus six to 10 in the morning.
Now, let's see.
And this is again 12 plus.
That means 12 to a thousand.
The old people just don't like us.
Of course, we got nobody under 18.
Listen, maybe three or four.
And over the age of 100, they hate us.
Why is that?
What are they old parts listening to these days?
I mean, they're old.
They're on audio Mom V.
Maybe they're listening to life.
Or maybe they're just dying over there.
QAM 1.6.
That's up a little bit in the morning.
That's a week.
It's a horrible number, but it's 1.6.
And Radio 790.
Radio Joel Feinberg.
Look at that.
1.2 with a spring.
Out of a 0.9 in a previous trend.
And again, a 0.8.
Oh, brother.
Everywhere I look, there's a quarter of their number.
Maybe that's just a mistake.
You think?
Let's see.
Midday 12 plus.
This is mostly George, by the way.
I said that before I even looked to see what it is.
IOD353.5 share.
QAM 3.0.
Which is moving back up.
Moving back up to the east side.
And what about Waxi 790?
The ticket midday.
Toast and juice and Pratada and Omlip.
And Mark and the Dark.
What are they got?
We looking at Z dropped to a 2-2.
Oh no, Al Franken's got a 2-2.
Are you looking at the vendor still in the person?
I'm looking still at it.
Listen, I know what that stuff is coming.
I'm wondering why we do OK.
A little better.
Well, it's you.
What do you want?
I'm going to see 2-2.
It looks like we had a decent month.
What do we got?
I'm looking for 7.
I'm looking for Waxi.
Oh no!
Persons 12 plus in the midday.
They went from a 1 point there.
Oh, they actually had a 1 in there.
There's a 1 back in the spring.
Then they went to 8.7.
Now they went down to 8.6.
Oh, it's Joel.
We would do anything to hurt you.
Break a leg, Joel, as they say.
I'm not talking about like figuratively.
Let's see.
3 to 7 PM.
That would be the mad dog.
And of course our good buddy.
Baldi.
They're showing that stuff into it.
And now they got a tornado warning in the New Orleans.
Oh, geez.
God is really foaming at the mouth.
QYM 2.3.
That's the highest in the end.
Again, this is 12 plus.
And like Luke Cron would say, ah 12 plus.
12, nobody cares about 12 plus.
How you doing, Lou?
You idiot.
Flight your pipe again and sit in the dark for a couple hours.
It'll do wonders for you.
Radio air America is dropping a little bit.
Not much.
They're like about flat.
They've maxed out.
And Ratsy 3 to 7.
That's the anxious Dan La Bastard, I do believe.
They went from a one point in a spring when they were like, ah,
Town and how great they were going to be.
To a 0.8.
The next trend.
And now a June, July and August 8.
0.8.
They're so they're rock solid in their man.
Rock solid.
Hang it out of it.
Okay.
Let's hear one of those 12 plus, shall we?
Please.
Now how's the pull coming?
That's the important thing.
The door is 94.
How do you like that?
94 for the Does.
Eagles 88, Aerosmith 84, Van Halen 50, Beat 4, 38,
Almond Brothers, Almond Brothers got 3rd man.
Now let's see.
Was it Greg Almond that came in on my show that morning with Johnny Depp?
I believe it was.
Yep.
Don't say that.
Was it or was he dead then?
I don't know.
I can't keep the Almond Brothers straight, so to speak.
Thank you.
Ah, let's see.
Those were the 18 plus men and you're out here just mumbling.
And there's so I have no idea what it is.
Huh?
When you get to see these first before I do, who's the 18 plus number one?
This is for the entire week.
CMQ FAMA.
No spigot English IE.
5.9.
Oh, look at that bogus man.
This is a heavy spow and spow train.
I can see that.
Hot 105, 5.6 at number two.
And again that number is bigger.
Moving up.
Moving on up.
WPG G5.1.
That's got to be my good buddy, castanova.
Kering their ass along.
EDR 4.5.
Love 94, 4.1.
Slush.
Garbage.
Swill.
SDJ 4.0.
QAM 4.2.
Then to a 3.5.
Then to a 3.8 overall and men.
So we're bouncing back.
We're moving back on up after a disastrous now that may drop off.
So we're going to set a decent month.
I'm sure they definitely clearance and they're extrapolating it and the numbers too.
Life.
Huh?
I'm sure we'll get the extrapolation.
The extrapolation.
And then you got Rit Radyo Ritmo and Power and the Kubea, Kua Bae, Kubea, Kumbaya.
I&Z, Radyo R-America is dropping down like a rock to 829 out of a 2.3.
They're 21st era America in the overall in men.
Well what real man?
We're listening to that crap anyway.
Skir America, Al Franken and that bitch.
Catching lamp.
We're only a pansy with listen to that.
Waxy.
Oh no, they actually have more than a 1 here.
Of course this is men.
This is their target demo.
They had a 1.9 in the spring.
Then they had a 1.4 in May, June and July.
And now in June, July and August.
You got a 1.3 is what you got.
Oh no, dropping like a rock.
That is not good.
We got a 3.8 and they got what a 1.3.
That sounds like triple the audience to me.
And that's even the dolphin station.
That's even with football going on.
Which of course to me, I don't blame the audience for leaving them after hearing Jimmy Cifilus especially and seeing the performance by the dolphins against the Jets.
And the first half in the first game.
They're just lucky Denver didn't show up in the second half.
You know what you're, very lucky.
They're lucky they got stuck in the showers or something.
Okay, 6 to 10 or more.
Now we get to the meat of it.
Okay.
You get these 3 to 7 here.
See I've got my assembly line go.
Okay.
Got my stapler here.
What happened to 3 to 7?
Did you not send me 3 to 7?
You did everything.
No, you did not.
Trust me.
Oh, there it is.
Well, I got a big pile here, man.
I know the audience is always, this is simple 80 radio.
You know what?
Too bad.
We enjoy this.
People in the business like it.
Always have doors for them.
Yeah, let's play some more.
There you go.
Equal time for the animals, okay.
I bet you Jol don't have a piece with easy food right now.
Hey Jol, we hate to like poise, okay.
And put split over bulk campers.
Then come and squash you like a, like a cockroach.
Idiots.
See the girls just seen me find better.
I hold my nose just a smile.
The water is just purring in the North and the North.
Yeah.
Anyway, just purring in there again.
Jesus.
And of course they've been praying to God.
So obviously God is either busy doing other stuff for.
There is no God or God or God is a sadistic bastard.
One or the other.
God don't forget wrong God.
Maybe they need to pray to you.
Oh, they do pray to you.
They don't go.
There you go.
Or maybe if they pray to that, uh, uh, uh, Yosuke, whatever his name is.
18 plus morning, 6 to 10 a.m. men.
Men.
Men.
X-D-W-M-X-J 3.1.
What is that?
That's magic.
Okay.
Magic.
That's tragic.
Oh, that's not number one.
It's out of order.
You're out of order, Mr. The whole system is out of order.
You must have, oh, here's the first page.
Oh, thank God.
If magic was number one, I'd drop out the window.
Now Bob Hamilton better jump out.
Hot 105.
See, I knew at 7.4, a big Schwoans vote book.
F-D-J 6.5.
No speaking English.
Big 6.3.
Down a little bit, but still a big number there.
And they're very happy that Stern is non-ear.
Paul and Ron do very well with no competition.
Big 6.6 in the spring.
Down it was 6.5.
Down it was 6.3.
Drop a little bit, but still a very respectable 6.3.
Nice going, boys.
Your material sucks, but nice going.
Radio Amombi 4.9.
Old, old green tooth, Tulio guys.
Smoking a big fan stove isn't playing in Domino Park
with each other.
Radio Amor 4.2.
CMQ, Love 94.
Kiss.
A kiss.
Now this magic is number eight with a 3-1.
For a minute, I got really scared.
Because we hate Bob Hamilton really bad for that one guy
after he keeps calling him buggerous.
Q-A-M from a 2-5 up to a 2-9.
Not sensational, but moving back up there a little bit.
Still an embarrassing number, but a 2-9.
W-I-O-D at 2.8.
So you beat them, Humper.
There you go.
Humper's starting.
Now that we're getting rid of that racetrack and hockey talk,
and now that we got Ira off the air, we got a shot
of getting an audience in the morning.
The coast, a 2-point.
Nice going there days.
Have another drink, Mike.
Maybe Mike can take a present out for cocktails.
W-H-D-R.
What is H-D-R?
That's that new...
Used to be Zeta as an afterstation?
Or am I wrong?
I don't know.
I can't keep him seated and we're so to speak.
Change somebody's hands.
Main and blue.
Main and black.
Main and brown.
1.8.
Power.
1.8.
And many, but that's not their demo.
Radio Smegma's got a 1.7.
Radio wants to...
Oh, Waxi, that's what we're looking for.
They had a 2.3 share in mornings in 18...
What is it?
Number 18 back in the spring.
2.3.
Then that'll 1.7 in the following month.
And now from 1.7 to 1.6.
Oh, see every day part seems to be dropping like Iraq.
W-I-N-Z, air America.
2.7 in the spring.
2.3 in the end.
And that's trendin' out out to a 1.5.
1.5.
My ass.
Oh, my God.
And that's in the morning when they got that very amusing.
Whatever that show is, I don't know what it is.
They're just above NMA and we still don't even know what that station is.
NMA, remember we talkin' about that?
We thought that was Mr. Ego station.
By the way, your station doesn't show up against you.
Sorry.
Sorry to you in little Tommy.
I'm just...
I don't know what I'm doing.
Let's take all this crap that you sent.
Yeah.
Many 18 plus in midday CMQ, no speakin' in English.
6.7.
Q-A-M, 5.3.
What's wrong with that?
It's a summer time with a little Georgie holding down the fort.
What's wrong with that?
It's not a 10-5 or whatever.
Well, we had a 6-1, but a 6-7 in the spring.
But then a 5-2 and I'll back up to a 5-3.
Bounce back a little bit.
And I guarantee you beat the crap out of you.
I don't want to make such a Joel Feinberg again.
Get him all upset and paranoid.
Because he don't like being picked on.
5-3, number 2.
Big 5-3.
Tied.
I-O-D-4-9.
What's that?
So we beat Rosh.
We beat the Russian, the flush, and the OK Glen Beck.
Rounds with Drek.
Love 94-47.
Radio Mam B-4-2.
And now let's see if we can find Waxi and Scare America here in midday.
Scare America dropped from a 3.5 and a 2 previous trends to a 2.9.
Oh, not good.
And then you got...
And not on the next page either.
Oh my god, can it really be that bad in midday?
It is.
I, as Eric Kerry would say, it might be.
It could be.
It is.
They actually had a 2.0.
Back in the spring there on Waxi on 790, the ticket.
2-0.
Then in June, May, June, July.
And that's after they lost at Bogus, the 18 to 34, remember that?
Yes.
May, June and July, they dropped to a 1.5.
And now, oh, brother.
Oh my, oh my, oh my god.
They were 5.1-2 tied for 24th, just barely as you know, WJNA,
which ain't even in the market.
Oh god.
Just barely beating out distance signals from Uranus.
Nice going, Joe.
You're the main.
This is due to the QAM.
Employee discount for everyone was a huge success.
And now, we're slashing prices even further.
Introducing GM's dealer mistress discount for everyone.
Customers pay the same price as the woman who shares a motel room
with the owner of the dealership every Tuesday and Friday during lunch.
Uh-huh.
Now you pay what I pay.
Not a penny more.
With GM's dealer mistress discount for everyone,
you don't have to lay out a lot of cash or lay flat on your back.
I just got a new car without feeling used.
With prices this low, my GM dealer won't do to me
what he does to his mistress.
It's nice to know I can get great service without having to service the owner.
And with the money I saved on this car, I can afford my own mistress.
Thanks GM.
GM's dealer mistress discount for everyone.
Available while supplies last year until our wives find out.
What did I just hear there before?
Was there like a little technical glitch we had or what was that?
Yeah.
Just another spot, you know.
I mean, you're a bad nation.
I'm here to thank you.
No.
Okay, 103 votes for the doors.
The best American rock band of all time.
The Eagles 96.
Hell of a battle and arrow smith 89 run at all three together.
Underass.
Van Halen 53 Beach Boys 40.
All my brothers.
All my brothers got.
About third man.
Out of what we got so far.
We got the 686.
I'll be danged man.
And remember yesterday, when we had over 700 votes and we're right in there now.
Dangly.
Right in there.
Something must be going on, you know what?
Here's a fake fact.
It's very cute.
Yeah.
Please repeat many times over and over again.
The ratings for the Steve Keynes show is a great show and many person listened to him.
Steve's brand of hate nets crossed out that it says humor.
And political insider, a must for all softwooler to talk radio listener.
Signed.
Thanks.
Tommy Tom Jicke.
Haha.
Oh, here's Steve's number.
Oh.
Point.
Oh.
Doesn't show up.
Doesn't exist.
Arbitron doesn't recognize the existence of whatever that state.
Oh.
Point.
Oh.
At least they're consistent anyway.
Don and for Lauderdale says, I can't believe you don't have the Dave Matthews band on there.
Yeah.
Well, let's rectify that right away.
Okay.
Let's rectify that for Donna.
Please add immediately.
He has a song that the president can relate to.
Bartender, please fill my glass for me.
Okay.
Thanks, Donna.
Although I'm not sure we don't like the Dave Matthews band.
Not even a little tiny bit.
We just find them.
We'll test.
Yeah, we did.
All of them.
Well, look at that radar there.
You can see them.
You roll, brother.
In all lanes and on the way to Baton Rouge.
On the tornado threat.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
On the right.
Hey, they know what they mean anyway.
hot ies.
All right .
Credit siges.
.
J Northwestern army.
Japan.
Stateses.
There is also another flag.
What do they have a Randy's on at night right?
She's on my 60-10 or something tonight. Well, seven of midnight. They got a three point oh way down big drop from a
Three-seven all on scare America
But I'm looking for that other sports station at various fans so much time writing around
Oh look at that there making some serious serious inroads at night
It must be the Defoe Meister. It must be that heavy duty corn that he's growing
They had a one point back in the spring and they dropped away
Point seven in May, June, July and now they had a one point two at night tied for 24th
Let's see we got a four five and they got a one point two
That sounds like about four times a multiple of four at nighttime even a Marlins are kicking the crap out of a whatever they got a
Defoe so there you go. There's the latest trend. It's not gonna change
That's where it's at. I mean the only way it's gonna change is not that I'm back on nothing sound arrogant
Egotistical we're gonna go back up and man
We're gonna kick some ass and they they got nothing see this guy for all of his bluster this year
We're gonna all of his stir in the pot and get everybody whipped up. There's only one person one person that could
Put your station on the map. Okay, if you wanted to compete with this one
There's only one and again
I don't want to sound arrogant but that person was
God and they never approached me and of course that came at a time over having all our
Joyce problems and and that the serious thing was getting serious for about two minutes
Remember this yeah not that long ago when they were first a formerly in all their crap over there
By the way, Hank says that they went up at night because they had a couple of dolphin preseason games
Aha, oh Hank is listening nice going there hop where you went up a little bit still
He's in help but you're moving it here rid of I replace don't bring him back but yeah
They went up at night because they had some dolphin preseason crap in here so but again a 1.2
I mean a Marlins just kicked their ass
Holy moly man, and now let's see those those games are all on TV though
Or they just like all the dolphin games will be because here's what I'm hearing Joel
You can take this for what it's worth I'm here in inside the building
Well, I'm not there but I heard the rumors from inside the building that if there are any more of these dolphin games
We're like three four thousand tickets not so that the beeslees are gonna buy off the tickets
Just so we can promote the fact that it's on TV and people won't be listening to it on the radio
Well, we don't want people to have to listen to Jimmy Cifalus doing baby play by play right?
They'll do anything to hurt that if there's like 10,000 tickets will buy them up
That's what I'm hearing that's what I just made up just to get you aggravated Joel
Okay, just because you know why because we do anything to hurt you because we're a bunch of bastards or a bunch of nasty miserable
hateful old Jews and you know what old Jews are like in a condo is man. That's what we are old hateful
They're like like like like a hamper. There you go. Go ahead and of course we got one goi through an inner to mad dog
Just who's a who's a god a legend just to hold up the goi shia into the things that we don't want to go too far
Joel fineberg my ass
Well now what they said he has aspirations to beat us. So here's the
extrapolation in men we had a decent August there not spectacular
We went from a three four in July up to a three six
In men that's overall in the morning two one to a three one nice going hopper the hopper starting to catch you on
Now I know it had that awful July that bad July but now he's back up to a three one still a week number
But nevertheless he's working on it midday four six four four in July and August George
He's you know he's consistent video. Not uh mediocre. Well, maybe we had a four one and that was me of course in me
We got really hammering the station hammered
Cut it out. Okay, so anyone is there another one?
There's two more look at this look at the look here comes cookie
Afternoons two six up to a four seven nice going mo
I mean I still am add up right two six up to a four seven which is the highest men number we've had since April
Starting to make an an oh boy and then at night three seven up to a four nine a four point nine and oh August
All right
And meanwhile they got a one two over there on waxy
That's got a GM with a bigger owner with a big mouth and a GM whose daddy's got a lot of money two gods
They got a bunch of boardoffs they got a bunch of pretenders X jocks man the X jocks they they got OJ McDuffie on there
I'm sure he might be a nice guy. I don't know I never met him
But enough enough with the juice already in fact what I'm here in around town is that most people hate OJ
And haven't you heard that? Yeah, it's the story I'm hearing I'm breaking staples
Oh, well, I got a real operation going over here man. I got my one man radio station. Oh geez
Although my equipment works better in yours right
Well, I'll fix this during the break. Oh, it a break is coming up
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62
You bastard
Bush took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned
I bet you've read the second thoughts about taking it in the behind where was female
Broken levees female wasn't aware inside
Famous even with warning the famous boss was in bright
When the storm was over
Water was everywhere
But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there
They be female
No big contracts they went to hell a burden
Famous
Response more quickly when it's rich people hurt
When it's rich people hurt him
Famous
Provide team at five since the WDQM hey a peggy Lee had this really cute mold and I would tell you about that
No, it was loan to 10 wreaking he wouldn't give it back
So here's the numbers and that's that we want to rub it in because that would be very harmful and we would yeah
That would indicate that Joel is right we would do anything to hurt them over there at the other place cross street
Here they're monthly's
Here's our month reason why I already did ours right yeah men
Well in the month of august in the overall in men these are the men numbers and across when you're a sports station
That's your target demo baby man man we want men. I'll draw your picture the men that I'm looking for but any rate
1.1 in august at a point nine in july a
0.9 and then at 1.1 and of course as the Humber points I very accurately
That's the dolphin preseason getting going in august two preseason games in there in the mix
You know what I mean with that heavy duty fantastic pregame show they got that everybody in town been rippin and ass even very and
And then of course Jimmy syphilis then in the morning mid morning. They got a 1.4
Boy from a 1.0 in july and in a 1.4 looks to me like one is going to be that permanent number in front and what did the Humber have a 3.1?
So more than double almost triple the audience here
How do you like that all right midday now midday they're making a move they had a
0.5 in july and august back up to a 1.3 course
They did have a 2.9 in April a 2.2 in May and now they're back in the ones
So in other words the initial you know they don't have the wire diaries. I mean the audience that they had back in April
Now let's see what about the afternoons. I'm sure that they must have really picked up big time in the afternoon. Didn't they?
2.8 in June
3 to 7 p.m. in july a 1.5 share in august 1.1 that's half of a 2.2
I always thought to alibacitor would look just dashing in a 2.2 but he's only got half
I guess he needs the other half to cover up in the rectum 1.1 share
Oh brother and at night
7 a midnight they've had a couple of months there where they like been just borderline barely the transmitter just barely glowing
You know what I mean? We're going and blowing may a 0.3 july a 0.5
But in august at 1.8 like opera points that there's a couple of dolphin games in there
But if you need dolphins to get you up to a 1.8 year and man
You've got some real tourist baby in other words you lack one thing. It's called an audience
Now I take that back. You like two things. It's called one
Listenable programming and two in audience. They seem to go hand in hand
So there you go. That's a story on the trend and I'm sorry. I apologize for wasting all that time
But it's a lot of fun though because we're bastards like I said and we enjoy
We're doing and making their lives miserable over there
We feel sorry for your worst because we like to do a lot
But the rest of them and boom is you know
We're gonna use to like a lot too until the start of opening with the dental bastard
731 votes on the pole. Okay, let's get back to the show. Okay, I'm quote with our rating crap
I'm getting a headache from it. Door is 110 eagles 101
Aerosmith 93 Van Halen 55 see it's those top three and everybody else's small taters
Beach boys 44 the almond brothers 34
Chicago 28 great pulled at 27 what a joke
Leonard skitter 26 the band of 24 the band 19 what about the boys in the band? What about them?
Tom Petty and the heartbreakers what about them? Yeah, Tom Petty and the heartbreakers 18 Ramones 15 Metallica 14
Red Hot Chili peppers 14 ponderous like them for about an hour there and a certain awful ponderous
Talking heads 12 earthwind and fire 11 kiss 11
Steady Dan 10 just like the people in Texas. They're out of gas
Only these are the steady Dan was out of gas before they started the birds 10 different interplane 10 CC R8
ZZ top 7 when we put them on there. Oh, okay, they're doing a break must have sneaked it in their Fleetwood max six
Bon Jovi six day Matthews band four journey four sublime three the cars three Boston two
REM one the turtles one and 38th special have got the big oh
Come on somebody comes through for 38 special hold it loosely our worst fears came true water pours over patch levy into whirlings
We talked about this yesterday everybody. I guess was paying too much attention in Texas and not listening
They uh, you know they thought we were nuts. What do we know right right?
Hurricane Rita study rains and water pouring through breaches in a patch levy today
Cascading into one of the city's lowest lying neighborhoods and a devastating repeat of New Orleans flooding nightmare our worst fears came
To said major very good re of the Georgian National Guard
We have three significant breaches in this levy and the water is rising rapidly at daybreak
I found substantial breaks and they've gotten larger dozens of blocks in the ninth order under water at as a waterfall
At least 30 feet wide
Horde over and through a dyke that have been used to patch breaks in the industrial canal levy on the street that runs parallel to the canal
The water ran way steep and was rising fast
Gidry I wonder if he's kind of run gidry the anti-pitchery. I think so Josh not
Gidry said water was all of gidry he was from Louisiana. What?
Yeah, you wouldn't know. Yeah, I'm pretty sure he was he was a new all-in
He was a down-home Louisiana kind of got run gidry
Gidry said water was rising about three inches a minute
Well, it's one of them French K-jaw names. They okay. John when people say K-jaw, you know, I think immediately what?
Like that the impoverished neighborhood was one of the areas of the city hit hardest by Katrina flood waters and founded and pumped drive before her
King read his struck
Sally form an a-dera mayor Ray Nagan said officials new deliveries were compromised
But they believe the ninth word is clear to residents. I wouldn't imagine there's even one person down there
Well, it probably isn't no more
Mitch Fraser is spoken for the Army Corps of Engineers said contact is being brought in today in an effort to repair the new damage
The court earlier installed 60 foot sections of metal across some of the city's canals to protect against flooding and storm surges
But as they say in Japan
Corner Stealthen
No, what they say you ought to know all the time
Well, let's take a bunch of calls here. Maybe we left some big bands off of this like Tommy Dorsey, you know and Glenn Miller
Yeah, you want to hear something? No
All right
Okay, let's take a call or two because these people are gonna start hitting us like poison w. A. M. Hello
Yes, good afternoon. This is the Jefferson parliament accounting department
Uh, but you have a little sweetheart. You ferry
WQ a. M. Hello
They're gonna you're gonna have to wait till the dolphins get there four and a half million first before you guys are getting any okay?
Oh, sorry Joel. We would do anything to hurt them. WQ a. M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Morning, sir, and back welcome back to Miami. Yes. Uh, I just want to say that
People in New Orleans you just let it throw them will another one and close in George. You suck. Thank you
One of your folks he says so wouldn't mean if I say so
Let's go have a he just offered the interview you can tell he was uh huh? Okay one of your folks
I know you're in denial 20 says past noon at 560 q and a mole myster from New York
This is
You can't like me only with the much
I agree.
It's fate when they wanna be
as you and us.
Say by fate what?
Rats, y'all are my friends
and I wanna be
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Rats, y'all are my
Here, my pocket!
Here, my pocket!
Here, my pocket!
Okay, we got the 760 votes on a poll.
What I say we had 7-48.
I'm gonna talk to the first time a year or two, a couple of years ago.
So everybody got that top so we can breathe easy now, we can rest easy, just sit back and take a nap.
Here's the fact this is Haya Pally with regards to OJ McDuffie, who was a great dolphin player,
but as a broadcaster he's horrible and the guy who works with him is even worse.
Well that could be Mark in the dark, but it would feel overnight.
Okay.
For the pool, please put the Alice Cooper band on it.
Oh, how, we'd be in the pool if we didn't recognize Alice Cooper, right?
Let's do it.
All right.
38 Special finally got two and the Turtles from New York finally got one.
Turtles ought to have more than that.
Yeah, but we just don't have many of those old parts like me listening to where it goes.
Saudi Minister Warren's US Iraq may face disintegration.
Prince Saud al-Faisal Lisa, and he has something that I am gonna say it again.
I've attended this for a long time.
If we had a real president, if we had people with real balls in there,
if we didn't have people wearing cohoots with their, the schmack the heads over there,
they'd go over there right now and they'd stick the old cheater right into the oil and that that would be it.
30 cents a gallon is what I'm estimate.
30 cents a gallon for gas.
Just that we invaded the wrong country.
No question about it.
Saudi Arabia first and Pakistan, and then clean up all those rag heads
and send them to the Uranus system where put them on the space shuttle,
especially the one that's not coming back.
Look at, oh man, that's bad.
I'm trying to show that.
Oh, sure, I'm not in that moment.
Also we're standing by.
I'm looking at it.
And he's just pouring into New Orleans.
Just unbelievable.
Here we go again.
Okay, let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and two until Mo comes on from the fan in New York
because the Mo we hear him, the more we're happy is in New York.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good, Pali.
Are we doing pop or are we doing rock?
Rock band of all time.
I mean, I'm doing some pop bands on there.
That's just what?
You'd have to run it down, but I ran it by once.
It's like, you know, a turtle's love and spoonful is popped, you know?
Yeah, how come we don't have the love and spoonful on it?
No, it's not pop.
I mean, all the year, the definition of rock is evolving, okay?
Yeah, rock and spoonful on it.
We're on there and they're not.
Yeah, really good guitar playing.
We're really good drumming.
Like, I'm going to pass my vote for Derek and the Domino's.
I love Derek and the Domino's.
What's his name though?
Eric Clapton, yes.
Yeah, they did that album down here in North Miami.
Well, that's a guy.
I love Derek and the Domino's.
That's one of my all-time favorites.
Yeah, and just to change subject, there's one guy I would like to throttle.
I'd like to grab him by his esophagus and squeeze to his eyeballs, pop up.
Yeah.
It's the honorable senator from Tennessee, Bill Fritz.
Oh, Bill's fist act, Crook.
Well, you better watch out because he's going to be working on the chain gang pretty soon.
I think the way things are going for him.
I mean, remember a couple years ago, Richard Clark apologized to the survivors of the victims of 9-11.
And Fritz got so upset he said he was a Paul that Richard Clark had that did something like that.
It was really upset me.
Yeah.
Well, in another one of those hypocritical right-wing goody-two shoe-boring in their phony balloons.
Yeah, I like him, pal.
Hey, Kim.
Derek and the Domino's ever done the background there.
Yeah, it's the boop-a-limbo performance.
And the best part about that, Layla, he said, oh, what is it?
About 45 minutes?
Something like that?
Seven and five.
And he got wild diarrhea.
It's always good for the diabetes.
What you should then fall.
Here he goes with this Eric Clapton stuff.
If you lose the test with the audience again, the only you've passed it.
You're a window is open.
Poor guy's kid goes flying out the window in croaks and you're making fun of it.
Or run down the hole.
Even though I loved Eric and the Domino's Eric Clapton gives me shpilfies himself.
First off, what?
He's a legend in his own mind.
You're on the same?
Every day.
I'm a gold climber.
I'm a gold climber.
I'm a gold climber.
In fact, I put you all covered in the same category with Howard Feynman.
You know what I mean?
We can always have one with the talking heads.
The one words for both of them, airs out.
Airs out.
In other words, what you see is definitely not what you hear.
Okay, apologize for playing that.
Don't I?
No.
Oh, and that's what we had yesterday about that nut job in Vegas?
Yeah, the car guy.
Well, the driver intentionally steered his car onto a sidewalk on the crowded Vegas
strip and then accelerated in a deadly scene that resembled humans being mowed down like a lawnmower
police said.
To miracle, there weren't more dead people.
One person died.
13 were hospitalized, many with major injuries.
A 2070-year-old lunatic facing charges of murder and attempted murder.
A deputy police chief Greg McCurdy said it appears he did this intentionally.
The reason is questionable.
The man, Steven Michael Ressa, Riyotho California, also has been sent by his hometown police in a near-fatal assault
Monday on his mother who owned the car he was driving in Vegas.
Maybe Tony Perkins could play this guy in a movie if he were still around.
Hey, Tony.
You ferry.
The victims, including 11 tourists were walking in front of the valleys and Paris Hotel Casinos on Wednesday.
When the car struck them, then crashed into a wall and came to a stop at a landscape there in front of the valleys.
The injured were stewing along the sidewalk, were being treated in the street by emergency personnel.
As some tourists looked on, traffic on the biggest strip were stopped for nearly five hours.
Ressa was unhurt, unfortunately.
It was a resident at the scene by an off-duty police officer.
It was held yesterday without being able to count the journalists going to appear in court today.
During interviews with detectives, Ressa appeared lucid and correctly answered questions about his ability to determine right and wrong.
But Ressa statements were bizarre in nature, he said, results of alcohol and drug tests are pending.
This pathetic illusion you're ass out there and you have an hell of a good time losing your ass, you're walking on the strip,
you're taking in all the fantastic sights and just all of a sudden some maniac comes but a bing.
Like I said, it reminds me almost exactly of that cocktail which was,
so you were supposed to remind me to talk to the hopper about that.
Hey, don't do it.
Well, we got sidetracked with Joel Feinberg.
Well, he's still around here, I'm going to bring him on in here.
Hank is still in there, I thought he'd call about that.
He's in there.
No, he walked in the studio and told me.
What's he doing there at 1238?
I don't know.
Oh, I know, he must be doing his ESPN stuff because he's sitting there to work this weekend.
No, he hangs around lately.
Well, why?
I don't know.
Preparing?
Why?
He's going to waste that on him until Monday.
He's not hanging around, he's doing stuff on guarantees, working on the against him.
What?
He's hanging around.
He's hanging around?
Well, maybe because the numbers were coming out.
Maybe because he's feeling a little bit insecure because of those marginal more.
But hey, I was back up a little bit there.
We're starting to make a little progress.
Slowly, maturely, one less than a time.
Of course, all that tremendous promotion he said, I'm sure, helps a lot too.
Plus, those Aero Windermen shows.
Oh, boy.
Wow.
Did you tell me that we got verification on the Moor or not?
Why?
Not?
Why?
Yeah.
We're just, hey, all you people listening out there, I know they're a lot of you.
We're just, you know, in a vacuum.
That's all they don't bother with us.
Duff is the only one, you know, coming running in with the numbers.
And then, of course, rubs it in there, just grinding it in on the waxy people, grinding it in.
Duff is he?
Yeah.
See, John, he comes off like a real, you know, pansy, but he's really a hard-ass.
That's what I'm hearing.
So you get on the wrong side of him and he'll come after you.
He will come and get you, Josh.
20...
Let's see how that's tough, because it's only these top three that are really fascinating to me.
All with 100 or more.
The doors 150, the best American rock band of all time.
I'm glad the guy said Derek and the Domenos.
They've got no votes yet.
The doors 150, Eagles 106 and Aeroson of 100, three bands, three groups within 15.
And I think the next full question would be, which one of these groups will you see live in concert next?
Oops.
He's still around.
Yeah, I see you live.
He's still around.
Okay, got a little bit blisterer, a friend there, but he's still around.
When Elvis comes back, he and Jim Morrison are going to be on a motorcycle.
Wow.
And Peter Fonda will be on there, too.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 Aeros.
Please be seated.
I want to remind people that who might be listening that this administration,
is a group of frustrated,
and desperate people who kill innocent life.
And Americans out of you it is such.
And now I'd be glad to take some of your questions.
Terry, once you start.
Thank you, Mr. President.
As you know, New Orleans has destroyed thousands of dead and countless families,
and now homeless.
I'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem.
Oh, we don't have a problem.
Let's ignore it.
Sir, might I remind you that you have a responsibility as a commander in chief to step up and act on the people's behalf?
Okay, here's what I intend to do about it.
Uh, say.
Thank you, sir.
I'm curious if you're worried that your poor handling of Hurricane Katrina will lead to your downfall in Washington, DC.
I don't worry about anything here in Washington, DC.
I mean, I feel comfortable in my role as the president, and my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life.
And I have made my position very clear on that issue.
Uh, David.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Thousands of strikers remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by raw sewage and without food.
What is your administration proposing they eat?
Well, I'm not sure if you're going to be able to get a job.
Uh, duty.
Listen, thank you all for coming out and joining.
1246 years of fact, the 70s, obviously, have been very lucky this week.
It says out of curiosity what happened to Rita Cosby, haven't seen her on TV.
Did they fire that bitch?
No, no, I'm personally not.
These around.
In fact, no matter where you look, it's Rita.
Rita here.
Rita there.
In the school district custodians.
She's still alive.
All they are.
They're there to help any way they're cam.
There are no nurses, no doctors, no triage.
It's just a refuge and I would like to make that clear if there are people on Galveston Island who are fearful and who have not been able to leave or have just now decided to leave.
Well, what's really been waiting for dummies?
More avian New York, four women arrested after going to the topless on the downtown street last month.
They didn't break any laws and they wanted charges against them to be dropped.
The women at each charge with exposure are to appear next Tuesday night in village court.
If convicted of violation of each phase 15 days in jail and or 250, all are fine.
Charles Marin Goldle, the attorney representing the women's city filed a motion to dismiss the case, maintaining that a 1992 state court of appeals decision laws woman to go topless anywhere a man can.
This thing should be dismissed outright.
He said that if it isn't and these young ladies are found guilty of the trial, we'll have to go to the court of appeals.
Can you go to county assistant district attorney Charles Thomas said his office in convinced that the 92 ruling gives blanket permission for women to go topless.
Thomas said that in addition to the nudity violation, the argue that the women interfered with commerce.
The four women, Carol Clark 54 and Barbara Crumma 61, both of Branchport.
That should be illegal.
Claudia Keller's 40 of La Jolla, California.
And Madeline McPherson's 40 of Rochester, where arrested August 11th outside of grocery store in this village of 1600, Moravia.
Just south of a wasco lake, 40 miles south of Syracuse.
Ever been accused?
No. Good. Good choice.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yes, me. I'll go. People.
W.A.M. Hello.
What's up, Uncle Neil?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
What's up with the Derek and the Domino?
Who's supposed to be American bands and a crap is this?
Derek and the Domino's and American band are English.
Right, but isn't supposed to be only American bands?
How come that was that on there?
How come we got suckin' the band?
Just told you.
What's that?
Huh?
Well, let's take it off of there.
We're taking it right off. Thanks, pal.
Yeah, we got well. Wait.
We got suckin' that because I liked the Eric and the Domino's.
Thank God that guy called in the straightener ass out and that's your bad.
You're supposed to be on top of this crap.
Eric, you're a crap in my ass.
That's your era, man. It's just coincidence that I know who they are.
Oh, get out of here, that's my area.
You don't know Leela, Derek and the Domino's.
What's up, buddy?
But I'm not the only one.
You're supposed to know that stuff better than me.
Oh, my bad.
I wasn't even born.
5'6'7'05'60'5'60' in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
The Mollmeister from someplace it to.
Mad Dog it for those Marlins.
Thank God for the Marlins.
Another big season and not gonna make the playoffs for David Sampson.
Guess what?
You fairy.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Hello, Boo Boo Russ.
Yeah.
What about the Stone Temple Pilots?
What about them?
They're great.
They have five great albums and put them on the band poll, you bastard.
Okay, where we're taking Derek into the Albiners'elf and let's put Stone Temple Pilots on.
Okay.
What do you say? Sure.
How about the Stone Pony's?
Not.
Now do we get the Lovin' Spoonful and Mamas and the Proposon there or not?
Josh.
Not the Mamas and Spoonful, isn't it?
I'll put it on.
What's wrong with the Mama Cass beside at the Ham Samudji Chote on?
What's wrong with her?
Some kind of a communist, anti-Somantic or something.
You know like Mama Cass, Mama Elliott.
Big fat Mama Cass.
Ever see her and Cody Fields together in the same room?
I don't think I'm going to be able to think Cody.
No, we'll see her in no more.
She's not one of those funny diabetics, you know?
It's jokes about being fat.
That is beautiful, but she's dead.
Okay.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I got one for the poll.
Really?
Okay.
All right.
Where am I?
East Street Bend.
All right?
To get about it, East Street Bend.
Sprinkle.
Yeah, forget about it.
I think.
I think you had the right idea.
Oh, God about it.
Right.
We will.
Thank you.
Thanks for the advice.
W.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, you doing good afternoon.
Yes, good afternoon, sir.
And I got a couple bands that you might want to add to.
Couple of bands, okay?
Sure.
I got ZZ top.
They're on there.
Bob Sieger in the silver bullet band.
Oh, Bob Sieger in the silver bullet band.
Okay.
Here's one for Bob.
Okay.
Guns and roses?
Yeah.
Guns and roses.
Now we'll talk about the video.
All right.
All right.
Archies.
The Archies.
Yeah.
The Archies.
Sugar, sugar.
As you can if it's good enough for Celia Cruz, it's good enough for the Archies, right?
You know it.
I'm gonna vote for that.
Guns and roses.
No, Archies.
And fact.
Guns and roses.
Hold up.
One and a two and a three and a four.
Woo-oh.
When I look into your eyes, I can see a lover's strength.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You put down an will I hold you.
Don't you know I feel the pain?
Yeah.
Because nothing lasts forever and we both know hearts can change.
Woo-oh.
And it's hard to hold a candle in the cold, open, open, brave.
Hey, talker.
Woo-oh.
Do you need some time on your own?
Yeah.
Do you need some time?
There's another reason to hate Buffalo, by the way.
Oh, here we go.
You know what you mentioned, you two with that organ grinder, guitar sound, the right.
Yeah, it's the right thing.
Oh, they stole it from my gun.
I don't want to hear you two organ.
Thank God you two send it back to Ireland.
Okay, send it back to the Isles, the Emerald Isles.
Whatever you want to send them over to Emerald Coast because Richard could get P.O.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Regarding the poll.
Is this the poll for American rock or just overall?
Just for American rock band of all time.
That's the question.
Oh, okay.
Because that was about how it was in disbelief that led to that one and paying Floyd or not in the West, but they're not Americans.
No.
All right.
I was just wondering.
In fact, what I'll do in the next star I'll name off all the groups who are not American that would be on there if they were.
Okay, because those two groups are definitely the two greatest rock bands of all time.
And the Beach Boys are pop groups and not a rock group.
Well, then it all depends on your definition of rock.
I mean, we can argue that from now until the Kingham come, right?
Right.
Mom is in the pop.
Is that rock and roll has evolved.
Some of you have punched and understand that it's like when you say rock and roll radio and South Florida in years ago, she is on.
Yeah.
Well, that's fine.
They played a lot of hard rock, but that's some of what rock and roll is, but it's not all of it.
To understand, Elvis was rock and roll.
I mean, Elvis was pop.
Elvis was rock and roll.
You got it.
Fats down to his rock and roll.
Elvis was pop.
I mean, whatever is it?
Fats down to by the way is doing okay.
Speaking of Derek and the Fats down to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How come we didn't play any Fats down to music when we did that?
Whatever they called it.
There you go.
Oh, come on.
I'll make up for it.
All the songs you got to play that one, right?
About Fasters.
Women to New Orleans.
It's so bad.
Leave it to a stick like your Pracey and Kendall says.
I'm off for the Fat Man, okay?
Antoine.
Pracey and Kendall says, correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that Eric Clifton had that's
right.
Or she evidently this pose a little bit, this fax is a little old.
No, no, no, no, just relax.
Pracey, no, no, no.
We screwed up on that, okay?
Eric Clifton, we understand Derek that I'm going to know is we understand Brits, Princess
Elite, Brits.
I'm sending you a morality test anecdote that non-bushies will fight highly amusing if you
don't want to read it under here.
Hope you enjoy it.
Okay?
Note to Bokobran, the song Cool Drift that you'll play yesterday.
It would be a great song for a Bush Booster parody, Have a Great Weekend.
What's the other page?
It must be on the page of this.
It was written while I back, so here it comes.
Oh, here it comes.
Yeah, in fact, how about all of this?
What about the best American rock band of all time?
How about the Funk Brothers?
They're not a band.
Nobody heard of them unless they saw that movie.
Yeah.
Well, they should have been, though.
Right?
Right?
I'm going to get in my, I'm going to get ready for you.
I'm going to drive to Detroit.
I'm going to hunt down all the Funk Brothers that are still alive, maybe even some of the
ones who aren't.
And I'm going to make that suggestion that they make that CD.
Biggest cell in history, a mankind.
Okay.
Oh.
Well, we sure got a lot of grief about the American
rock band.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
I'm going to get a lot of grief about the American rock band of all time.
You know something?
What?
We sacrifice some very, very valuable airtime just to punish Joel Feinberg.
Anyone on the Y?
Because you'll do anything to hurt them.
To hurt them.
Amen.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.28.
But heads.
It's the one to do out of.
No.
From the makers of their surreal life.
It's a brand new reality show that's bigger.
Better.
Faster.
And stronger.
It's the Serene Life.
Sorry.
Jose Cancaco.
Mark Maguire.
And Rafael Palmero.
Today's episode is brought to you by Balco.
And begins inside one of the bathrooms of the Serene Life House with Mark Maguire and Jose Cancaco.
Jose.
It's been a long time since I've done this.
So we go and ask this slope.
You know, man, I'm choice.
No problem.
Why don't you start by dropping your fans?
All right, then.
Now we'll look back.
You'll probably help if you bend over.
And it's going to hurt a lot.
So you might want to grab onto something.
Like the loura.
OK.
I'm ready.
OK.
I'm going in in three, two, one.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Look at that.
Hey, what are you guys doing in there?
Oh, nice.
You're out of here.
You're out of here.
I know what you're doing in there.
And you said you were doing me to the Jose.
Rafael, it's not what you think.
He's just helping me with my brushing up.
No, combing up.
No way.
Wiping up my heart.
Shutter, I'm coming in.
No!
We're Jose and Mark doing what Rafael thought.
We're Jose and Mark doing what you thought.
And why does Jose like to take so many men
into the bathroom stall anyway?
Find out tomorrow on an old, new episode of The Serene's Life.
Right, Tom.
102 at 5.60 WQM.
By the way, I'm not reading that on the year Tracy.
But the answer is no, I would not.
And I'm sure George would not either.
I didn't read it.
Let me go read it.
I don't read it.
I'm not going to read it.
Anybody knocking on the door.
Guard relief heard by obsolete equipment.
This must be a Tommy Pico propaganda.
This couldn't be true.
Could it, although it was in USA today, which is hardly a bleeding heart
liberal newspaper, just a kind of a funny paper for morons with a lot of colorful pictures in it?
Hurricane Katrina's for a serious weakness is in the National Guards Communication Systems,
especially a shortage of high-tech radios and satellite communications gear
the Guards top general said this week.
If it's going to protect the USA while also fighting overseas,
the Guard needs better equipment, say the Lieutenant General Stephen Blum,
head of the National Guard Bureau.
We were under equipped.
We don't need tanks and attack helicopters in artillery,
but we must have state-of-the-art radios and communications.
Much of the Guard's best communications equipment was being used by troops fighting in Iraq.
It wasn't available for even something Gulf Coast states recover from the hurricane, Blum said.
Absolutely.
Many Guard military police in New Orleans were using obsolete radios as they sought to restore order.
That combined with a crippled civilian communications network,
made it harder for them to communicate many also lacked night vision goggles.
Kind of sounds like the communication ahead of 9-11 in New York.
Also crap.
Are you starting up again?
Yes.
Oh yeah, and here's that.
Now what did you just face me?
Oh Chuck Berry.
Well Chuck Berry wasn't a band, okay?
Right.
No, we were a lot of put him on our pole.
Chuck Berry wasn't a band.
Didn't have a band that I know of and whatever.
I mean, you know, he had a bunch of musicians that played with him and then the music too.
Let's see, I believe the Wayne Almo was the mayor of Derek in the dominoes
that makes partly a mayor.
Can you see that?
That's the confusing thing with him.
Well too bad.
How about Grand Funk Railroad?
I love Grand Funk Railroad.
Let's play locomotion.
What do you say?
No?
Okay.
That's Grand Funk.
We can't say it, but we can play it.
Here it is.
Any second.
Although I do like little leave it better, but nevertheless.
Oh, where is it?
Come on.
I'm waiting for Grand Funk, man.
There's your phone.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, this is perfect.
You were an American band.
You're supposed to pull.
Anybody has any doubts getting in sync with this?
Oh, it's so the idea for this song.
I think it is.
I think it's a party.
Yeah, the party.
I stole the idea from them.
More cowbells from Grand Funk Railroad.
Well, that's gonna be our done.
There was a chance when I was so brokenhearted.
Love was in my head for the prayer of my...
There was 19, Eagles 111 and Erosnet 111, please.
Unbelievable.
The top choice, I wouldn't be tempted by the Eagles.
I mean, Eagles are, you know, top five, but as far as number one, that would not be my vote.
Even though you would.
Oh, I was very torn.
I liked them a lot.
Well, I'm torn between the doors and Erosnet, but nevertheless.
For years, airlines controlled what passengers saw in their cabin screens, editing out scenes of
Grandtrick violence or sex and banning movies altogether if they showed airline crashes.
But now, with three US airlines offering live TV feeds and onboard Internet access, expected to be available within a year,
passengers can see anything they want, even news coverage and event which they might be taking part.
After the drama aboard JetBlue's Airways, it's like $2.92 on 4 to the...
I think their policy of keeping on the feed until the part of the science to shut it down.
I flown that airline.
JetBlue? Frontier.
No.
And the Big Banana.
It's a puddle jumper airline, forgetting into these... the hinterlands where I used to live.
And they have a TV live TV?
Well, not when I was flying them, but...
No, when they were...
In fact, when you were flying, they didn't have a real TV.
They were not radio.
As a result, the company probably would implement a new policy that calls for turning off the service during InFlight Emergencies.
Frontier spokesman Joe Hodis said,
If I'm panicked by what I see on TV, I'm not as likely to pay attention to the flight attend, tell me to put my head between her legs, between my legs,
and prepare for landing or whatever they might be telling me, he said,
I'm not as active followed directions if I'm hysterical from what I'm watching on TV.
But a spokesman for JetBlue, whose passengers even watched the planes crashing in the World Trade Center 9-11, said the company would not change its policy of allowing pilots to decide whether it turned off the TV.
Company officials have long chosen not to censor TV feeds and said that on balance it's better to have information available to the passengers.
We've had quite a few planes in the air September 11th floor of Flora, Flora Morrison said,
People on the planes could see coverage through CNN, and we found the majority of people preheating that information.
On Wednesday's flight, the pilot and crew turned off the feed only when they needed to communicate directly with the passengers.
And when they saw that the screaming was getting too loud, and the passengers started putting their heads between each other's legs.
And they said, OK, that's enough.
Speaking of people traveling, I've been sitting on this story for a while, haven't gotten around to it.
Well, I know this has gone because just a little bit of consternation because a lot of people feel enough is enough already, you know.
Their names are spoken from dark patio, is where mothers rock their babies to sleep.
Oh, remember, buddy, not buddy Holly, buddy, an ox.
Not depending on that song, rock your little baby to sleep. I believe so. Buddy Nox, party dog.
Yes. So which party dog do you like better? Steve Lawrence or Buddy Nox?
Your names are spoken from dark patio, is where mothers rock their babies to sleep, and along the sea wall where teenagers arrive on.
I got one for the pull, by the way. Bill Haley in the comments.
OK.
Well, I mean, if that's not an American rock band, that was the first American rock band, Mr. Aether.
How can Bill Haley in the comments even when that stupid paitail that you had on there, even Johnny Depp hated that thing?
What was the movie where Johnny Depp had the paitail?
Cry, baby.
Oh, boy. You call me names again?
Now, you talking about Joel, fine, that bird again?
They had to do anything to hurt you. Yeah. We're going to do anything we can to hurt you, Joel.
We'd like to break your kneecaps. We're going to call up Luca Brachi, OK?
Child, overgrown child.
Their names are spoken from dark patio, is where their mothers rock their babies to sleep, and along the sea wall where teenagers arrive on.
Rusted bicycles to trade news. Their friends ask about them passing on the streets or with tight throats if there's been no word.
Their photo still hang on the walls. Virtually air me family in the fishing town of Cabarayan Cuba, 150 miles east of Havana.
Notice somebody who has boarded an overcrowded boat headed for the Florida Straits, a flow of human cargo that is waxed and waned over the years based on US immigration policies, gumshen and the tide charts.
Now, US immigration officials say the number of Cubans caught at sea is rising and more are making it to the South Florida shores.
According to US Coast Guard figures, 2029 Cubans were intercepted on the high sea so far this year.
That's the most in one year since the Coast Guard stopped nearly 40,000 Cubans in 1994.
Additionally, 2347 Cubans have made it to South Florida since October, since October, this must be of last year, including 109 who have landed in five separate incidents in a two-day period this week.
The total is the most in four years up from 955 during the same time period in 2004, so they're going like October to October.
Coast Guard and board of patrol officials deny that the high number of signal amazes exit is they say that despite their hurricanes and tropical storms that if threatened to hit South Florida, the Florida Straits have been common immigrant smugglers are taking advantage.
They're in the business of smuggling people for profits that assistant patrol agent Steve McDonald of the board of patrol when the Caesar come they can get people to these boats and they can make some serious in narrow.
That's what it's all about smuggling human cargo, baby.
How do you like that?
Yep.
That's what we thought it was safe.
5670560, pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless lines.
WDQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
How about a silver bullet band, Bob Stinger, silver bullet band?
Yes, I've said that. Can we put it on there?
We did.
We did. We just got it on.
Okay.
Two boats.
What did I say?
I don't know. I hit it just again and again.
Just in case because I know what he said.
And when it's out, dump it out, man.
We don't want to take any chances because Joyce might be on the rest and then Joel Feinberg might be sitting there till you never know.
He might be waiting to get even with us.
Ah, nah.
And I like that.
He has called competition, baby.
That's where they do anything to hurt us.
Now, I don't know that we've tried to hire any of their people away.
Hopefully we're lucky to get your rose back.
I mean, are we trying to hire to get the booster back?
No.
We try to get like toast and omelette and scrambled eggs and the mark in the dark.
I don't think so.
How about Daniel Ambassador trying to sign him up?
No.
Now, how about me, foe?
No.
So I just, you know, just childish and I guess it's the same kind of thing.
You know, what Barry will put in there?
Anybody who will talk to him, he'll put whatever they say in there.
So, yeah.
Anybody out there if you want to cry about something, just call a Barry Jackass at the sports department at the hero.
And he'll put a whole thing in the paper about it.
Nice going, Barry.
It's about time.
And we've been waiting years for this, a real article, really something to sink your big fat teeth into.
Besides your stupid salami and Swiss sandwich, and by the way, Barry, it's Trayf and Gary Sarnery too happy about it.
12 minutes after one at 560 WQ way and everybody knows you've got to go to Moes.
Mr. Moes ranked in the top 10 by ESPN's best sports bar in America pool.
Located in the heart of Connecticut Grove, Moes is your place from life, music to all sports coverage.
Mr. Moes is the only log cabin restaurant in Bar that stays open every day,
seven days a week from 11.30 in the morning till 5.00 a.m., Mr. Moes has got an 80 foot bar with over 30 different beers.
About 30 minutes from and fabulous barbecue including black angus beef cooked to order.
Sports fans enjoy 28 flat screen TVs including four plasma screens.
And every night is fun night and Mr. Moes enjoys seven nights a week of entertainment.
This weekend features college football, Saturdays with the ESPN game plan, and Sundays with the NFL ticket.
During Monday night for Moes poker parlor benefiting the Hobby Rodriguez Foundation
which supports children with learning disabilities.
Register online at MrMoes.com.
That's MrMoes.com where all the action is.
Mr. Moes is in the heart of coconut grove at 3131 Commodore Plaza.
Gotta go to Moes and be sure and say hi to Moe for us.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is Mike's...
The Tokyo A.M.
Earth everyone to complain to this station.
We've taken out to New York's Grand Central Station where two of America's worst singers are begging for money.
Ladies and gentlemen, the bad street boys.
In the middle of the night, high or walking in my sleep.
Wow!
Hey honey, how about a dollar?
Give us a dollar. Why am I gonna give you a dollar?
Oh for the appreciation of the music. Where did it end?
Woohoo! That was horrible.
We take requests. We appreciate you.
He doesn't like Billy Joel.
That's probably what it is.
How about a little Elton John?
La! La la la la la!
I'm in the sound of shine and then my beat just goes so fast.
Yeah!
I think my ears are bleeding from that one.
What's the matter with you?
You guys are horrible with you.
You guys are like Elton John.
You know what? How about some for the kids?
How about a little Christina Aguilera and beautiful?
Oh.
You're the beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
You know what?
Here's ten dollars.
All right.
Be quiet. Stop singing. I really gotta go.
Wait a minute for that.
We've gotta do something a little special.
I'm going! No!
No!
You are the sunshine of my life.
I'm fighting for you.
Keep laughing, but I'll be not boo.
Whenever you're around, I'm smiling.
Oh yeah! Thank you, sir.
That honestly left me speechless.
I knew.
The bad street boys.
The bad street boys.
Oh yeah, there you go.
There's the answer to the poll question.
Just a joke. Hotline.
Hotline 1.
Hotline on the phone.
QAM, Hotline, Batline.
This is Norm Can calling her you.
I just read your fax and I mean your email.
I did not the email.
I had read the story about that the other day.
Well, I'm not calling about that.
I'm calling to put out the $1 reward.
For the person who calls up the 4-loaded-up police department in the next few minutes and reports in my stolen ban,
which was just taken from my house while I was unpacking groceries,
with a beautiful 2002 Dodge conversion ban.
Wow.
The personalized Marlin's cab, Jenny K49,
Dauphin Tag, and I'm going to give $1,000 a reward to the person that calls in the police department and identifies where that ban is,
because it is somewhere on ballot bill of order in the Honda 4-loaded-up in the process of being stolen as we speak.
Bobby Dan.
With my groceries in it, my toilet paper, my charm, and my cardboard.
Oh, see, they took your toilet paper and that's bad, knowing you.
We're talking about a curious thing here.
Yes.
And I think we're going to take a bite out of crime.
I'm letting people know there's $1,000 reward for the ban and calling the police.
Okay.
And I thought that would be exciting to share with you today.
Well, good luck to you, Normal.
Alright, help me out on this.
It's a white conversion ban with running lights and Marlin's cab.
And a bunch of toilet paper inside.
A bunch of gold bank groceries.
And my brand new golf club, sorry, just got to my birthday.
Oh, great.
Okay, well, happy birthday and a good luck to you.
Thank you.
That's what I knew it couldn't be calling about anything unless it was self-serving.
I mean, his van got stolen.
Somebody please call in the police.
You get $1,000 from Normal.
Okay.
White conversion ban.
I'm going to go look for it after the trip.
There you go.
Give me somebody to do.
Keep your office straight.
Keep your office straight.
Somebody says the pixies.
The pixies.
Yeah.
You know from the pixies?
I do.
I don't.
Well, if you want to put it on it, go ahead.
I don't know.
I know a few people look like pixies.
Yeah, they're not going to get it.
I don't want blessings.
Frank's app and the matter is of invention.
What do you say, huh?
Well, you know, I like Frank's app a lot.
Yeah.
Hey there, people on Bob.
They're brown.
This thing on the queue is boy and down.
I say I go for it.
Get it on there.
I mean, we'll get any votes.
Green Day and Lincoln Park says Phil.
Also, or says Steve Miller ban.
Yeah, we've had them on it before.
But this time for some reason we left them off.
Better get them on it right away, Josh.
Also, Cliff says I like those catchy jingles by Mr. Mo and the Dada Doys.
Oh, no.
All the boys like those Dada Doys.
That's what the sense of no more had his van stolen.
I think he's looking for attention.
What it is now that he's not on that important.
Oh, I should ask him about that.
You see, you blew it.
You should remind him to ask him how it feels to be an extra announcer on the fascist station.
How that sales department, all those Jews on that sales department feel.
So selling right wing fascist hate on 850.
That is unbelievable.
That's where we had yesterday about what else it might go savage.
That silly savage.
Oh, those boards.
There's boards together.
And all those other are clansmen who got on the air.
They're unbelievable.
So you got out just in time, Norma.
WQAAM, hello.
How about question mark and the Mysterians?
Question mark from Sagittarius again.
Hey, question mark.
You're fair.
Yeah, I have one of the great bands of all time.
Get out of here.
Question mark and the Mysterians by ass.
They were from Sagittarius again by the way.
And question mark was, yeah, excellent.
96 year drops.
Or was it more like, oh, no.
I can't believe that.
That was the most unbelievable burp up.
That was great.
WQAAM, hello.
Hey, Sally.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you got out Boston, a journey on there.
Boston's on air.
I think journey's on there too.
They're not doing great.
They're both on there.
How about a journey to Boston?
Yeah, how about a journey to Boston?
How about Nirvana?
It's on there, brother.
All right.
It's not well then.
Take care.
Okay.
They're not on there.
Nirvana's got the 25 votes.
Journey.
How's your knee doing?
Any vote?
Boston's got four and journey's got six.
So let's journey to Boston.
Please come to Boston by who was that?
Kenny Loggins.
Remember that song?
Very corny.
Very serious.
I mean, I don't want to hear it.
But please come to a horrible awful next slush.
That's the kind of thing you'd hear like on Dave Loggins.
Very close.
Who Kenny Loggins?
No, Dave Loggins?
Dave Loggins.
Oh, Dave Loggins, like I said.
Sorry.
Not from Loggins and Masino Loggins.
Don't forget to log in, by the way.
WCWAM, hello.
WCWAM, that was your fine bird.
QAW.
Yeah, either.
How about the Jimmy Brothers?
You haven't mentioned those yet.
Oh my God.
Are we bad or what?
We are idiots on this boat.
Yeah, I think you put a good, good, good, a hard rock and roll, man.
I love the Jimmy Brothers.
You have to be defensive.
I love the Dubie Brothers.
And not only that, I mean, you know, they got their names.
So that makes you do the best.
We're going to do the Dubie Dabin.
And so after like, Dubie Dubie Dubie, do the round.
They did that to you.
The long and unerven New Orleans.
Black water.
Yeah.
One of my favorites.
Yeah.
I don't have any Dubie Brothers to play like real good quality stuff.
But I do have.
I really played that one.
Oh, you know what? I didn't play, I don't think?
Come here, baby.
No.
See, the fact that, um, wait a minute, wait a minute, what did I just see on there?
For like, I guess, I guess.
No, I grateful dead is in the top 10.
Get out of here.
Go through this before you know, they like them out there.
Two, four, six, they're number seven.
They're ahead of Chicago and Ravana and all these others.
By the way, you say in Ravana, I say in Ravana.
There were ahead of, uh, a whole bunch of really good, uh, I can't believe that.
That's disgusting.
By the way, is big ones the only CD you got of Erasmus or something?
It's your one I have sitting right here.
Okay, I was just curious.
I got every CD that, as they ever made and something, I was thinking about there and it works.
Erasmus.
Here we go, John.
Okay.
Something from your, I just noticed every song you were playing.
I think it is from that CD.
That's right.
I'm not going to waste, you know, that's like work.
Plus most of my CDs are right there by you guys.
I've already stolen them.
Yeah, I'm sure you have.
And we're in Title II because you won't see me no more.
No more.
Do you think I'm coming back there?
Dream on.
I ask you.
Never skew.
Ask you?
Did he say, ask you?
No, I think it's bad ass voice, actually.
Really?
Rubin, ask you.
Yeah, exactly.
Come on.
Oh!
You bastard.
That's bad.
That is really bad.
Yeah, I've got all the Erasmus CDs.
Erasmus is my favorite.
See, this isn't your favorite.
It's the best of all time.
And the doors with me, I say with the doors in number two.
But they are the best.
Do you understand?
I like Erasmus a bit better personally.
Plus, and I don't know why you're not complaining about the doors.
I don't even have light in my fire here.
I don't have that one.
I've got the doors to software rate, okay?
And there's only like four hits on that.
There you go.
Now we're talking.
Oh!
Oh!
So there you go.
I better go out and buy some more doors, I guess.
124 for the doors.
The best American band of all time.
And we've been sidetracked by too much crap.
Normane has lost van.
Loose van van.
We've got 884.
We'll do 900 easily, right?
We might actually get to the 920 mark.
Doris 124 Egos 114 Erasmus 1212 everybody else for the pretenders. Oh speaking of that
Where they're fairy bill come all and they don't come any better than Todd
Real American a-holes
We salute you Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
We've learned one thing in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. It's not to count on FEMA director Michael Brown
Apparently nothing and that's what's left of the Gulf Coast
nothing
Lost a paper come close
52 billion dollars has been allocated by the US government
But you've created so much red tape the victims won't receive it till money
When all is said and done you will lose your job faster than you can say
E-Cola
And if there's any justice in this world you'll be calling diffuse an astronaut home to
We salute you
Mr. Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency your clipboard your stupid Navy Blue Theme A shirt and your
Comover you our real American a-hole
Come from
Protects us with the guitar on my name
Are they died in Louisiana? I raised cash for the T.O.P.
O-Cut Katrina
Don't put no blame on me
But they come from my vacation for a photo opportunity
Swing your partner round and round now build a little swan into an oralist down swim to the left to the right
Here we go swing a little mud now. Don't see no
Katrina wiping those people
The person will leave the end of and it is for your right key
Absolutely
We have more from New York I guess at two o'clock in the Mad Dog and then the Marlon baseball and the AK and all the stuff
Don't have no dolphin football this weekend though. Oh geez
I'll see in an USA today Gallup poll released yesterday indicates that fewer than half Americans believe the US will win the Iraq war and
55% of those surveys said it should speed up withdrawal plans as in now only 21% said the US
Definitely would win the war in Iraq which began when the year when we know about that
20% said the US was capable winning in Iraq but probably would not and 34% they consider the war in Iraq was unwindable
But he liked that huh with a large anti-war demonstration planned outside the White House this weekend
Bush said yesterday the United States can lose in Iraq only if we lose our nerve and abandon the mission and we'll all wind up in
Abu Gharram
That's what he says some mumbo jumbo like that or mumbo gumbo jumbo
That's because he spend a lot of time in Nalene
My upwater is a porn in there against really bad those poor bastards on the roads in Texas again
There's one word to describe this evacuation process. It's been going on these lines couple of days that chaos
Oh, yeah, I keep seeing that word popping up in all these stories chaos nice job boys
Speaking oh Neil
God, yeah, I just wonder for it. I got a car for sale. I got a conversion. Well, I am a white one. Okay, great very funny
John 70 Q a.m. Hello. I thought it was it was cute
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for your phone. Okay, blue oyster coke blue oyster. Calt there you go. I'll get a voter to
Thanks blue oyster cult. What do you say? They have a blue oyster cult following? Did they yeah? What about?
Let's see. Oh, who did Wider Shader Peele?
Purple hair. Purple hair. What about purple hair? They weren't American
Who they I don't know well, I better look them up
Blacier cult following
They ought to be on there. What's wrong with them? They let stuff to get
They just do a freight train
That's one of those field good luck sounds
You
Proko here miss the main
I told you
What's wrong with confused door like that? I mean Wider Shader Peele was the big hit but what's wrong with confused it?
That's enough of that don't overdo it fight no more of these music shows man
They hate all around the pulver did the other day about the things they hate me talking about music didn't do all that
When all that shabby, you know when that bad they just don't want to hear my music that I like and I can easily understand that because they have bad taste
They also like vanilla ice cream. How about vanilla ice?
WQA in hello
Q a.m. Ola
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing sensational. I'll be too
Hey, I just wanted to call you know that that's what we're talking about CNN
You know, I don't even know what it was or it was a sponsor, but about winning the war in Iraq
I mean, I guess I'm a little unclear as to how we win that war we knock out Saddam push declared specter and
About a year and a half ago and we're still there so I'm not really seeing the win-on
Bliss man, mission accomplished at that point. They should have said okay. We're all done now. I'll go home
One suggestion for the pole
Right against the machine
I don't know if you're a big fan or not that I like him particularly because a queer channel or a clear channel
Basically recommend to the radio stations to keep them off the air because they're too political and the drum up to the Iraq war
So well, thank you for that we laugh a lot. Okay. Thanks, Valley. Thank you. Okay, raise against a good machine man
I will okay. That's what they're gonna be doing those big protest this weekend and they're gonna be rounding everybody up and putting them in a
Who's got no doubt again? I'll bend out of shape this administration don't take no progress kind of like Hitler the same kind of
mentality and like Batista
Paisista
I beg your pardon. Oh sorry best American
Well, it was live you know. Yeah, it was they were raging. Yeah, raging Cajun
Okay, I'm sure that's a Josh took care of that I did and George and Duff those potty notes and Joel Feinberg
Yeah, that's very first words out of the mouth was
Yeah, WCYM hello
What about Jimmy and the bandage of these get out of here Jimmy head race band get out
Nobody ever talks about Jimmy Henry's with a band. Do they know headband?
He's picking on Willie Nelson again the best American right and then we'll do the best American country music
Not although I did like that pass you climb that kind of like a little trip through a memory lane pass you climb
What was the big deal with her she was I know
She was alright
Nobody Q a M hello Q a M
They suck just like you man just pathetic people like we were talking about it before the show today people like Woody
Grader with ponytails, you know old burnout hippies. They're the ones with their grateful dead gravity
Although I do love about Ben and Jerry's ice cream. So what's wrong with a grateful dead right well?
Would like their taste and food. I mean how about so how about fish food? How about fish? Okay?
If you weren't no, I'm not I'm off of that stuff off the Ben and Jerry in fact
Isn't it amazing that I've made the I'm in verse admit that because you know I was adamant adamant
Adam and time about the ice cream thing about how Ben and Jerry's was by far away the best and
Hagen does sucked and now that Hagen does is come out with a couple the Hagen does Rocky Road is no that bad
But the Hagen has been in enough that is where it's at holy moly
man, that's just addicted don't even don't even think about getting any and especially if somebody doesn't bring you some
Don't even think about putting in your mouth of the ice cream either. It is just
Dictive to die for now if you don't like manners, then you won't feel like that
But you know me. I have this thing for a man. This is Neil Roger
This is by
She's
And
I'm gonna put some fanatical foot in my mouth.
Ooh!
Ooh!
Everybody wait, wait, wait, wait!
Make it make it, we'll pick it up.
And then it'll take and take fire on making.
Oh!
Make it!
The plan game!
Nice word is flooded out in New Orleans again.
What do we tell you?
We told you about this all day yesterday,
while they were keeping their eye in the sky with the,
Oh, eye in the sky!
Yeah.
You know, in person's project,
I don't even know what they are.
Are they a band or are they American?
I don't know if they're American or not.
I do love the eye in the sky though.
There are some reports of overflow on the other side of the industrial canal.
There was a smaller breach in that area,
shorter in length, and I would suspect,
although we haven't been able to layer eyes on it because of access.
Take up a few things, man.
Look at the water just pouring into the city there.
You see that?
I do.
Holy moly, the levees, let us down again.
Couch potato, that name is Siresh.
Siresh Joaquim broke the Guinness World Record
for the longest time spending watching TV.
He finished last week with 69 hours and 48 minutes.
I've been sitting on this store for a week
and what my words are just burning.
Joaquim did his TV viewing in the lobby of WABC TV
as part of the Guinness World Record Breaker Week
on their live with Regis and Kelly.
Oh, Kelly Rippa.
Sitting on a brown leather couch,
who watched nothing but ABC shows, of course.
I'm going to be a little tired of watching TV
after this.
Joaquim told the AP by phone during a break.
Rules for the Couch Potato Honor as stipulated by Guinness
allow for five in a break every hour
and 15 in a break every eight hours.
The viewer must otherwise be constantly looking at the screen.
The hardest part Joaquim said on Regis and Kelly
was I couldn't watch the people.
The many waving passes by in the street
outside the ABC studio.
Joaquim, who lives in Toronto, but hails from Sri Lanka.
Well, that figures.
Now holds more than 16 Guinness Records,
including the longest duration balancing on one foot,
76 hours and 40 minutes,
and bowling for 100 hours.
He says to raise the awareness of suffering children.
What does a bowling for 100 hours have to do with raising awareness?
Do you have any idea?
Well, he gets your attention by doing that,
and then he says, consider the suffering children.
Oh, I see.
Anyway, listen to Toronto, but he's from Sri Lanka.
You know, Sri Lanka, a little turd that sits under India.
Look at that.
I'm watching this, and it's just a flagregasting.
All you people out there listening,
look at your little radio speaker.
Look at that.
Oh, yeah.
They're prepared to turn on the pumps.
I believe it's pump station one and six in the Lake Horn,
a leveeboard area.
The water is traveling through the canals to get to that area.
Yeah, there's not sufficient water there from the turning pumps,
but they will be able to turn those pumps on
and pump it out for you, rapper.
I'm telling you one thing.
It's either that global warming or God is really PO'd, man.
He is pissed off big time.
He's got a real ask to grind,
and he not just going to sit back and put up with this crap.
Whatever's going on, I think Bush has got a lot to do with it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, the fascist regime in the land of the free.
And this supposedly so religious holy or rural or nation,
man, one nation under God, my ass.
927 votes we got on the pool.
Let's review it, okay, so that these people
don't call in with repeats.
Because then we're going to take a whole bunch of calls
between now and two, are we?
At least two.
Who's the best American rock?
Now, let me just say this very quickly.
We didn't go like put the four tops on here,
or somebody called in with them.
You know, like Jimmy Hendrix, he's not a group.
Because we already did that Motown thing, right?
Your favorite Motown, yep.
And I think we have to separate them from rock bands, you know?
And they weren't bands.
They were like singing groups.
But the band was the funk brothers.
We already, if you saw the movie, you appreciate that.
And if not, Yamama.
Who is the best American rock band of all time?
The door is 126.
The eagle is 118.
Aero Smith 118.
Look at that.
I mean, that is, you could throw a blanket over, you know what?
Especially Jimmy.
Fan Hailey on 62, the Beach Boys 51.
Oh, they're not rocked.
They're pop.
Well, you know what?
Pop this.
Almond Brothers 42, the Grateful Dead 38.
38, great, grateful dead.
All guys with ponytails.
Probably with bad hangovers too.
Chicago 34, Leonard Skinner 29, Nirvana, Nirvana 27th.
The band 25.
Tom Petty in the Heartbreakers 20.
And Ramon's 19, Metallica 18.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers 18.
Stevie Dan 16.
That's enough to make me lose faith in the human race.
Earth Wind and Fire 16.
Kiss 15.
ZZ Top 13.
Jeffers Airplane 13.
Fleetwood Maca Dozen.
A Dozen Talking Heads.
And they're all on QAM.
A couple over there with Joel.
CCR Creedence Fear Outer Revival 10.
The Birds 10.
Dave Matthews Band 7.
Journey 7.
Von Jovi 7.
Oh, God.
REM only 6.
Are you kidding me?
They're from Athens, Georgia, by the way.
Michael Sight.
Five Seagriners Silver V, Band 5.
Guns and Roses 4.
Boston 4.
Sublime 4.
Sea Ariam's a little too esoteric and probably a little bit too gay.
But I say Bob Cegra 5.
Guns and Roses 4.
Boston 4.
Sublime 4.
Green Day 3.
The Cars 3.
Duby Brothers of only a 2.
Frank Zappo Appear.
Grand Funk Railroad 2.
The Mamas and the Poppins 2.
Alice Cooper 2.
The Turtles 2.
38 Special.
Finding out Appear.
Rage Against the Good Machine Mon.
Steve Miller Band 1.
The Pixies 1.
Bill Haley in the comments 1.
Seattleja.
Floyd's Dercault Black, Savit Lincoln Park, Stone Temple Pilots.
Love and Spoonful.
They're all like Joroll Station.
They all got the big bow.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
16.
Q.A.
S.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Kelly
The
Pippa
The
Py
The
And in our king and idiot, I don't know why they would want this guy, but now he's here,
first person ever for years, with president, the s**t,
all over the s**t, all what I did to the both ones,
and get to win your voted poll, why?
And you want this? Don't come along with this drumming stupidly,
don't come along with this drumming rich kid.
You want this, don't come along with this even,
suffer than me, the boo.
He's president of s**t,
you don't care what it feels,
you got him in by hooker and throw,
the Christian ride,
knows what's best,
you and I will help you,
we've got a great leader,
with president of s**t,
you said,
I'm going to put a lot of pressure on this crowd.
And anyway, and we did what 748th the first time,
so what does that tell you?
Well, first of all, we got a whole lot more groups on here.
How do we only have that limited list the first time?
I don't know, why? We sure as hell,
we didn't know what the hell we were doing.
Did we back in the day?
Anyway, I know what the very jackass is doing.
He finally got a ride after all the years to get off his fat pudgey ass
and ride a real column there in a hell this morning.
Some real heavy duty stuff that's got everybody foaming at the mouth
and Josh, if you look at those stats on here,
it's already number two on the most red list today
and by the time the weekend,
and it'll tomorrow, whatever,
it'll go zooming to the top.
Right, hit parade, right?
Right, right.
Just like the one about Bush and his...
Oh, great, and problems coming back again was so big yesterday.
In fact, more and more,
and we're like, got a zillion reads on that.
Anyway, if you missed Barry's column,
and I read it at the beginning of the show,
I don't want to read the whole thing again,
because that would be really bad.
But it's got...
You know, it's about sports talk radio and stuff.
It was more like a soap opera,
and this one hates that one,
and Mo and Neil and Mad Dog and Hank,
and John Stubot,
So we knew it and Joe Rose and Dan love bastard,
and all these other people,
which I'm going to be honest with,
you're going to have a hell of a lot of ink to people with no numbers.
But that's okay,
the same thing for the fan, 1980 on the dial,
back when they were on here on the front page,
and all that sort of thing.
Anything to get to us, you know?
I think they'll do anything to hurt us.
I think you're right.
The hero.
And so, you know,
it's Yen and Yang,
and given the take and whatever,
and what goes around comes around.
And so they're going to hurt us,
and we hit them back,
and we hit them right where it hurts
in the pockets
who they were,
Phony Baloney Radio partner,
they're 790,
and Phony Baloney is the word.
France came out today,
by the way,
we went back up a little bit here,
we did okay,
and that other place,
790 on the toilet.
I mean, they couldn't break a two-year-old,
they're like,
you have the gun of their head.
But anyway, Joel Feinberg,
the big hot shot over there,
Mr. Eagertist,
he won't permit his host to rip him
like a Roger's Rift's Greg Reef.
Anyway, he's got a great line here,
after it said,
QA, I would like to lure Joe Rose back,
but he's a happy-worthy.
He is.
Feinberg says,
Joe is going nowhere,
he has an uncompete clause,
he hates WQAM.
QAAM is willing to do anything to hurt us,
says Joel Feinberg.
Let me repeat it again,
because I know it's staggering that an adult,
that an alleged adult,
with a lot of money,
would say,
WQAM is willing to do anything to hurt us.
I have one response to that, Joel.
Yeah!
That's my response,
or maybe just two simple words,
okay, you know what they are?
Well, I do.
I know even a plan.
Grow up.
Bye-bye-bye!
