If the fuck I smell it
Go, go, go, go.
Good morning.
Back home, see what I never know where they got my photo from.
I got them in the first time or not.
So I just wanted to make sure.
Oh, I didn't hear you the first time.
Ah, there you see this is a good thing I came back the second time.
Yeah.
Guess who died.
I was just a kid.
Kissing's done.
It's more.
Yeah.
You know who that is?
Constance Moore.
Somebody else died.
Somebody else died too.
She was an actress and singer who started a string at WW2 era movie musicals and there
was Buster Crabbs co-star in the 39 Buck Rogers cereal.
She was 84.
Before my time.
Oh, come on, but Buster Crabbs, you better remember him.
Yeah, the swimmers.
His Crabbs, right?
He was an Olympic swimmer.
She was also in Broadway musicals in the early 40s.
A Yadayani Yadayani.
She headed Dallas radio show.
She was in delight for the years with Jane Powell with the big boobs.
Remember Jane Powell?
Already by ads.
Yep.
And showbizness with Eddie Cantor and George Murphy.
Remember Eddie Cantor and Ida Cantor?
I'd love to spend each hour with you.
We were talking the other day about Al Jolson and the Larry Parks and the Janissinger.
Yeah.
That was about the only thing Larry Parks ever did.
Dennis O'Keefe and the hit parade of 47 with Eddie Albert without the pig.
Wow.
She also appeared with Raymond Lander William Holden the wartime drama I wanted wings.
William Holden, one of my favorite all-time actors boy.
He was great.
He was so great, including a network which Josh Cortes didn't like, but nevertheless.
Didn't like network?
No.
He didn't understand it.
Well, there's no problem as he's not mad as hell.
No, the problem is he's never been in the broadcasting business.
He works here.
Yeah.
That's what I mean.
Yeah, I get it.
If you've ever been in radio, then you know, then you really, or a TV, you really appreciate that movie.
But he's been on the periphery on the bubble of it.
You know, speaking of radio, I was talking about what the St. Louis Cardinals are doing.
And you would know this, Neil.
Yeah.
The Cardinals are having a huge following throughout the Midwest because of KMO X, you know,
15,000 watt station.
And the Cardinals have a giant fan base because of that.
Does he mean now they are going with a local state of 5,000 watt station that's going to pay him a couple of
dollars more a year and a bad move.
And the Cardinals are buying 50% of the radio station.
That's too bad move.
And the dolphins going on a, oh, that's a good analogy there going on a horse ball station for a little bit more money.
Yeah.
And then winding up buying it and putting a minor league broadcast around here who isn't qualified to do anything,
but maybe a pure syphilis.
Well, they're going to take the same broadcasters.
Mike Shannon and where else does the card name lean will still be doing broadcast.
Well, don't buck doesn't do radio.
He does television.
I see.
So that's kind of unusual.
Used to be that they would swing the, the real teams would swing the TV guys back between radio and TV.
They don't do that so much anymore.
Well, they should.
They don't do anything anymore like put good people on.
But I'm not very carry and Bob Prince when we need him.
I'll tell you, I don't like that if that's going to be a precedent.
You know, the idea that you were working for the franchise, you're not working for a station.
Right.
So therefore, I mean, they're, you know, they've, because of the relationship they've tried to put restrictions on you.
But imagine if you had the answer to the Marwan's ownership, for example,
Oh, here we go again.
Listen, you've only got until the end of December to get through the Greg Reed era from what we're hearing.
So please, I'm begging you, we don't need to suspension number 90.
We don't need to be P. Balda again, Mr. Goldberg.
Jesus.
I told you all the crap and you just, you're, I am told, I am told my friends in the broadcast business around a country that you call me P.
Val.
There's a terrible.
Yeah.
I see a very funny.
He fell without the powder number 80.
I have to take a powder pretty soon again if you don't cut the crap.
You know, I used to get suspended in high school.
I, I, I, well, I've always been suspended.
Yeah.
I, I once got suspended because I had to defend the sentence.
I was in, you know, we used to have to take a chorus class.
And the guy who taught the class was kind of the butt of everybody's jokes and a friend of mine, a friend of mine and I worked out a thing where he,
we were on the third floor.
That's where the chorus class was.
Yeah.
He went down and lay on the sidewalk.
So when a teacher came in, I was standing by the window and he was going, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, I hope he's not hurt.
And he came over and looked down and saw the guy lying there on the, you know, on the sidewalk.
And, you know, he's calling, you know, with whatever the equivalent of 911 was at the time then.
Yeah.
And then anyway, when the guy got up and was looking in the building, so I got suspended.
The other guy didn't get suspended.
I did.
Yeah, well, I wouldn't be starting with a Marlins again for several reasons.
It's not just the suspensions, but they're, they're toast.
Speaking of that other station, they're toast.
Oh yeah.
It's over.
Now, getting back to Arita, I don't know what's wrong with you.
I do know what's wrong.
There are a bunch of crazy bastards.
But if you watch this thing on TV there, I don't know if you've been looking at the screen.
What have they done?
They've lowered the, it's standing with three now.
No, no, it's a five.
What are you talking about?
The beast came in here before and told me it was a three.
He is so full of it, man.
I got the latest advisor.
I've been watching it.
It's a category five.
It weakened a little bit down to 170, but that's still well over, it's category five.
And it's moving a little instead of do west now, west northwest.
And if you look at the, if you watch it spinning, the upper, the top quadrant there.
It's Louisiana.
His got so much heavy duty reds in it.
And it's going to like barrel into Louisiana.
If anybody thinks those, those leanies are going to hold again, they're dreaming.
And then all they keep talking about is purpose, Christie and Houston, which is fine.
It's probably the eye is probably going to go there, but the heavy duty outer bands, which they just can't sustain that.
That's a storm surge.
They can't handle it musy in a no way.
And then I'm talking about that much.
Catastrophic.
Now interestingly enough, speaking of suspensions, the poll I'm taking, they might be of interest to you,
of all the things that I talk about, which is the least interesting to the audience.
Of all the things you talk about?
Right.
And I got a list here of things that, you know,
why don't you ask what the most interesting is?
I'll get to that.
We've done that.
Okay.
But this is negative.
Don't you know where you are, mister?
They like negative, much better than positive.
South Florida, man.
That's their message.
We hate everything.
So hockey wins so far by landslide, 64 of the first 275 votes.
hockey.
So don't ever mention hockey.
And you're not going to be pleased with what's number two, the racetrack.
Racetrack talk.
They don't want it.
Well, I told you that a long time ago.
They don't, they're not interested.
They don't know, Zito from Nick Saban.
You've got a clue what you're talking about.
You are a very few.
Yeah, lester green shirt and a few of the old and degenerates there
from the track.
The photos busy kicking the tickets over on the ground looking for a winning ticket.
You know, that crowd.
And of course your buddy Tom Jicke is generally rotten hell.
But nevertheless, and number three I'm list so far is,
who's talking about Mo?
I'm the side you saw Mo.
You want to hear what?
You're talking about Mo?
So it's a good thing I don't talk about him much anymore because he's small potatoes.
I don't even know if he's back from New York and his brissa whatever was coming back to that.
I don't know.
Oh, but they give birth.
Somebody can, I guess he's a grandpa again.
We're going to be your wife or something.
Yeah, that's what you mean.
You mean to say you haven't brought him a big cigar or something yet?
I would have brought him a sort of a thorn of the salsie exploding type.
Yeah, exploding cigar.
You are so bad, boy.
And I'm smell another one, Peavow.
Wouldn't that be great to give him a cigar and have it explode?
I think that you're contemplating a transcends mind by a million miles.
I think that I'm actually your friend compared to you.
Yeah, I expect you guys to be dining together.
No, I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon, but you're obsessed.
You will replace Rimmer who is to put you know, left down as your dear partner became back in town.
But you're not coming back to town, so what is it, man?
I'm not going to Columbus.
Hey, Rimmer, if you're listening online, I'm not going to Columbus.
I don't care how many times you call with Doug McLean.
Rimmer that used me as a prop.
Oh, they want you and people to come with Columbus?
Yeah, I've already got the invitation.
Come to the game.
We'll bring up an oppressed box.
We'll take you to dinner.
I'm going to go to Columbus, Ohio for what?
Then you should.
It's a matter of fact.
I had a story.
I never got to it on the air, but there was a story a couple days ago about some of the people, the evacuees, excuse me, not refugees.
The evacuees from the Katrina.
Yeah.
And of course they scattered them all around the country.
One of the places that they wanted to set up on me was Columbus and they said, we don't think so.
I mean, they wouldn't go.
You know what they'd be singing in about a day?
What would that be?
Good by Columbus.
Oh, I see.
Remember that movie?
I don't think it would be able to be singing good by Rimmer.
That too.
So, let me see some improvement, the Opanthrophans on the telecast because Dave Strader is going to be doing the games.
He used to do the Red Wing games and then was on ESPN.
And the only thing about Dave, I don't like is he talks to his teeth.
He does that same thing that Eric Reed does.
You know, she's having a shabby.
I just hate that.
Yeah.
I like Eric Reed, though.
A big improvement over Rimmer.
I like Eric Reed.
Yeah.
He would be great if he would stop doing that affectation game.
Yeah.
He would be sensational.
He won't stop doing it.
I don't know why.
I don't know why guys do that.
Josh Curtis did that the first.
For the first time, he was like sitting there with us on this show about a year ago.
He was doing that thing.
I guess they figured it makes him sound more...
I can't not like network.
Okay.
Hold on.
I didn't say I did play it.
The message was the movie.
I said it was the movie.
I was going to be like, I'm the poor guy because I sent it to him.
I actually spent the money to send it to him.
And he said it was boring.
And now he's saying it was boring.
And he's heard of it.
Yeah.
He was in a coma.
The only party he liked was when Fade Dunway was writing Go Holden.
When he was holding it.
Go Holden was a great actor.
He was so good man.
It's incredible to me.
I just can't believe how great he was.
It's like 17.
How was that?
How absolutely sad.
Two things that were sad.
Number one that he was in that awful omen too.
He should never have taken that part.
That was a real stiff movie.
Yep.
And the other sad thing is that he died with a bottle in his hand.
Oh, and speaking of that, I got a great story from the National Inquirer.
You'll never guess what president is drinking again.
Are our president?
Are president.
No, your president is drinking again.
He's back in under the pressure.
The dry drunk is now becoming a wet drunk again.
Well, he goes out with his nephew.
There you go.
He filled a few together.
Yeah.
And of course the nephew, then the niece, the niece, she's the one.
She hangs out with Susan powder.
At least isn't a powder part.
What a family.
You know something that that talk about at this functional family.
Oh, and look at this.
Look at this.
If that bitch would get the sea out of the way, and now they're starting to show that thing making a little...
See, they don't know.
They just don't know.
I'm getting real nervous about those poor bastards in...
Well, all of them.
Of course, Texas.
They've already got 1100 soldiers down there.
They're not going to sit back and let his fellow Texans get battered the way they did those poor people in Louisiana.
They cleared out Galveston.
And I think what this is all about is I think...
Somebody brought it up the other day and I think they may have a point.
I think that God is who sometimes has bad aim.
He's going for Crawford.
Crawford, Texas.
And he's got to get this thing inland.
He had bad aim the first time.
It was a little off course.
But this time, that thing may wobble right across the state in the Crawford.
It's a message for Bush, man.
God is pissed off.
You have messed with the primal forces of may of whatever that was.
Of may and Mr. Bush.
That was good that's true.
I had the whole speech, but a big card, the Ned Baby speech during the ITT boardroom.
That boring movie network.
Yeah.
There were so many great scenes in that movie.
And so many great actors in that movie too.
Just one of the all-time greatest.
Anybody who didn't like that movie has no appreciation for great film, Josh.
I'm just telling you, it's got to be a top five on everybody's list.
A top ten minimum.
Right up there with Godfather, Kuku's nest.
Where do you put broadcast news?
Under the newspaper.
Didn't like it.
Awful.
No, I don't think I ever watched it.
I never did watch it.
I like that movie.
Did you?
Yeah.
I'll tell you a movie that was awful.
You've ever worked in a news-roision and talk radio.
That was one of the all-time worst.
Yeah, that was bad.
But if you've ever worked in a news room or in a television station, it's a...
Well, I haven't even either one of those.
There's a lot of truth in that movie.
Yeah.
Well, what about network?
Same thing.
Network was...
And look how far ahead of his time, Patty Chasky wrote another one of the great movies that he wrote the hospital with George C. Scott.
Yeah.
Oh, what a tremendous movie.
From the Enders movie and right on target.
Right.
I mean, people had to run like this number.
Oh, yeah.
All sorts of things.
You know, people go in for like tons of lightest and have in their arm...
I mean, that was considered a sick movie when it came out.
But both of these movies were ahead of their time.
Yep.
All right.
Well, we're behind a mic time right now and your time.
The good thing is that they only see Rick Sances real late at night at CNN.
They're on to him.
Does he do a squatting routine there?
He's doing that same hyperventilating thing.
The wind was really blowing here.
But all the rest of the thing, he's no read-a-causebie.
Have you ever seen her read-a-causebie?
Yeah.
I mean, if you want to have a good laugh, if you're depressed, you have bad day gambling, whatever.
Just turn on MSNBC between 9 and 10.
You'll laugh your ass off.
Maybe the laugh or cry because how she can be hunt the year, looking at A, looking like that, and B, with no voice.
It's just amazing to me.
She makes Lenny Martesi like Walter Cronkite.
So have a great day.
You too.
And keep your nose clean.
As they say to her, the governor's daughter and what's her name?
Keep your nose clean.
Yes, she's out of work.
No, I'm too bad.
She's on a diet.
See you tomorrow.
I'll be careful.
Is it the 5 o'clock free crack giveaway?
Are you ready to order, sir?
Yes, I'll have the...
Shoot, shoot, shoot!
Take this.
This man suffers from a rare form of Tourette syndrome called G-rated Tourette.
That comes with a vegetable.
I'll try the...
Con-con-con-turned Tourette.
Sentence of G-rated Tourette syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms.
And for an appetizer?
How about the...
Shucks!
Shucks!
Shucks!
Shrimp cuphill reviewed.
Unfortunately, there is no cure for G-rated Tourette's.
Would you care for salad?
Yes.
The...
The....
How salad?
Wait, wait.
They said,
Gooo-gooo-gooo-goooo-goooo.
Okay, that's one,
That's one,
Great Sal.
The good news is,
G-rated Tourette's isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette's.
The bad news is it's a lot more annoying.
And for dessert.
Oh, I'll have the...
Bunch, bunch, bunch!
Bunch, bunch!
Bunchy.
Yo, you're right, George.
That thing, the last lurch of the Rita thing is almost like a dou-n-nor-thang.
I know that it wobbles along that path, but boy, that lurch looks very ominous.
It's hooking.
It's ominous.
Absolutely.
Oh, god!
Yo, infidel dudes.
Like, you better get jacked for the Norley's most tubular and fast-moving.
There's a way of a tax by me and my terrorist brosiffs.
No longer will you be abs, to shred right to sleep to the Narmaxing piece.
For soon, you will rip no more, but you shall experience a total face plan at the hands
of my square-yellow bros.
All the hog bar, which means God is wicked, full on red.
Uh, party on my limit.
Damn, god!
10, 8, 8, 5, 60, WQAM.
I'm looking on the Sun Senals, gotta pre-nice, so infrared satellite image of the
hurricane of Rita.
Uh, and I'm looking at it right now.
It's in motion.
It put the motion in your casket, and it's just, like you said, it's making a little
northward, which is why they changed the, of course, instead of west to west northwest,
which means if anything, it's moving a little northward where it was before.
And the last movement there is bad movement.
You know what I mean?
It's bad.
You never have a bad movement?
All the time.
And the outer bands, which of course, things, they move in a counterclockwise, so those
outer bands are gonna come whipping around and, uh, I don't know.
Looks pretty nasty to me.
I don't want to let get everybody in a, or a close who cares?
Who in South Florida cares about such things?
There's your present, he's drinking again.
I guess in that story, the pressure is getting at least cracking.
Here's the pull from yesterday.
Where the hell is it?
Do I have the pull from yesterday?
Oh, don't tell me I'm doing this again.
Here it is.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That would be really bad to have an epidemic of, uh, losing it.
The worst TV or actor or actress ever is or was, and if you missed the show the other
day, what we're doing is we're going back and taking a whole bunch of polls.
That we used to do before.
And for the next 20 years, going to be doing those now.
And why not?
Why does we haven't done some of these in a very long time?
And if anybody calls us, oh, well, you knew that once before.
Guess what?
You know what my response is to that?
I give up.
Yamama.
The worst TV actor or actress ever is or was Donald Trump 166, Chuck Norris 146, Tony Danza
125.
If in primary minds, one of those are the same top three that we had the first time we
did about a year ago, that pulled only a different order.
Tony Danza won a year ago, and then it was Donald Trump second in Chuck Norris third.
Anyway, Troy spelling 112.
How you spelling that?
Victoria Gaudi 82.
Fath.
Mr. T81 from that team, a bomb, a Saturday, 79, which Erich says he actually likes him now
from his movie work, but on TV.
He's extraordinarily annoying and unqualified.
Roseanne 67, David Caruso with the orange hair 67, Carrotop.
Keanu Reeves 53, Will Smith 47, Fran Drescher 44, Aston Kuchi Kuchi 44, and JJ Walker 44.
Maybe the two of them are doing something.
Ray Romano 43, Hulk Hogan 39.
David's Hasselhoff 37.
He's just a silly person making a lot of money from being a silly person who takes himself
seriously, I believe.
Jerry Seinfeld 32, Erica Strada 32, Eric.
You're fair.
David Swimmer 31, Bill Shatner 31.
He's out of this world, Kelly Ripon 27, Ellen DeGenerate 25.
She gives me spielkeys, man.
I can't stand her.
Hervae Villeshe is 18.
Lorenzo Lama 17, I'm sure you're pleased with that, George.
Yeah.
I still like Lorenzo a lot.
What was the show he was on Falcon press?
Right.
And you know what they say?
If you mess with the Falcon, you get to claw.
Is that what's something like that?
Something like that.
Donnie Most 16, Don Johnson 15, Anus, Anus, Anus, and Williams 15.
John Stamos Blacki who used to be on the general hospital with Richard Simmons.
I bet you're rich.
He Simmons with Jason Himmuranda set.
John Stamos 14, Maria Lopez 13, Bill Cosby 13, Jolita White 13.
Is Jolita White?
John Provolta 12, John Ritter 12.
Hey, John Provolta.
You're fair.
We got to the loss with that Scientology crib.
See, that's the tip off.
See, they think they're fooling somebody by going to that closet.
Hey, I kind of like being joining the Metropolitan Community Church.
Oh, nobody will find out I'm gay now.
Or being what?
Catholic priest.
Andy Griffith 12.
I just never caught into Andy Griffith.
Is this that?
I don't know.
Maybe it's a little bit too Yahweh for me.
I'm not big into Yahweh stuff.
Suzanne Summers 9, Alan Thicke 8, idiot.
Danny I L O 8, Angela Lansbury 7, Freddie Prince 7.
How's Freddie doing?
Oh, I do like his kid.
What's his son's name?
Freddie Prince, Jr.
Oh, that makes sense to me.
Vincent D'Anafrio 7.
Come on Wilson 5, Martin Short 5, Max Bair son of the boxer 5.
I should have asked Hank about that.
They don't want to hear about boxing either.
Mary Tyler Moore 3, Henry Winkler 2, hey, Fons.
You're fair.
Dick Van Dyke's got a pair.
Kate Jackson 2, Jodie Foster 1, Bud Foster don't have any.
Meredith Baxter 1, Buddy Fson 1, and David Bernie's got the big.
Oh, he wanted to know why they don't even remember who he was.
Oh, Meredith Baxter, Bernie and David Bernie.
Right, all right.
He was things.
OK, today's poll that we're rehashing.
I mean, they were bringing back because it was so good.
And I do like this poll.
We're getting a huge response already.
Look at that.
382.
It's not even 1030.
And we got almost 400 votes.
If we can get to 500 by 11, you know what that means?
Don't you, Josh Cortes?
That means a thousand.
That means you can smell it.
Hmm, man, you can sniff it.
And speak of that.
His mo back today.
It can't be as anybody found out yet.
It would be nice to be able to do the schedule.
I asked the duff that and he just ran out.
Hey, duff, you're fair.
We just ran out of there.
So we either have mo from New York or in the studio.
Or who knows mo at two mad dog at 4 630.
It's a marlins.
Oh boy.
Got a real problem.
I guess we want to say it's over.
It's not officially over, but I guess it's over.
I thought we're a bet man.
Yeah, I'd say.
And then they lost two in a row to the lowly nets.
And Houston is kicking ass and the Phillies
have scored four in the ninth last night and beat Atlanta 10-6.
It's just not looking good, man.
It's almost mathematical now.
It's not good.
And the marlins at the match at 7 o'clock or 730.
Whenever it helps out any KF of the game.
That's our schedule today.
We don't know about mobile.
We will let you know 394 votes of all the things
that Neil talks about, which is the least interesting
the you.
And you can add some things on here, although some of the ones
that are on here.
And of course, we put the same ones on the pool now
that we're on there when we did it originally a couple of years
ago.
Hockey 64.
Let's see.
Hockey won the last time.
And it's in first place this time.
The race track was second last time.
Very close second.
And it's second again this time.
64 hockey.
The track race track 43.
Nobody except old Jews wants to talk about the racetrack.
Old Jews is most of ours, which
times the priors number don't smoke cigars.
And don't suggest it to him because not a good idea
with all of his other issues.
Mo 25.
And of course, it's probably just as well.
We hardly ever talk about Mo no more because it's just
the boring diet talk 20.
Well, I can't remember last time I talked about diet talk.
I talked mostly about eating ice cream.
So they're probably pleased with that.
The stock market 20.
Well, the futures show, yeah, confusing me with Rick Rally.
I don't talk about the stock market.
Maybe when we first did the poll, I'll
say about the stock market as a sucker and there's money
are soon parted.
How's that go?
Suckers, money, women, the fool is money are soon parted.
Those bedtime stories 17 at 6.9%.
I write in there with Miguel and Tommy Jicca.
Those bedtime stories stop reading on the air.
You lunatic, you low life, you quizzling, gay stuff,
16 stuff that's gay.
Inside radio stuff 14.
Well, see, as you go down here decreasing,
that needs more and more people like hearing about those things
like inside radio, they love that.
And by the way, speaking of inside radio, Tom Taylor
stopped by email and it's a fact to me, that's stuff.
430 again this morning, I wake up and I have been
that man, that man, that stuff is coming across my fax machine
in here.
I don't want to be awakened.
I don't want the facts to just email it to me.
Two days in a row, I send them an urgent message,
stop faxing you lunatics.
And that's the beastfall again.
The beast actually went on the air and said
the hurricane is down to a category three.
Echoes to show you, if you want accurate information,
always listen to the beast.
See, when a guy's got no neck, when he's so fat
that he's got no neck, how can there be any circulation
to where his brain used to be?
See, it all goes to his retto, man, ass.
Politics 13, Amsterdam 8, religion 4, and health problems too.
Health problems?
Don't have any health problems.
How about my diabetes?
How about my blood sugar and being fat?
I don't know what that means.
I guess stuff like that.
Well, that's in last place.
So maybe I ought to talk more about things like
I'm dying out of here.
That would please them.
Anyway, speaking of the beast being full of it,
Rita could become the strongest hurricane ever
to make landfall in the US history.
Hurricane Rita grew to a monster's
during 175 mile an hour sustained winds now its 170.
As its world tour of the Gulf coast,
prompting more than 1.3 million residents in Texas
and Louisiana to flee in hopes of avoiding a deadly
repeat of Katrina.
Governor Rick Perry urged residents along Texas's
entire coast to begin evacuating world
and advance a redis printed landfall Saturday.
And New Orleans braced for the possibility
the storm could swamp the misery stricken city
all over again.
And although they're not going to take a direct hit
nevertheless, they're going to get some crap.
Galveston, Corpus, Kristian surrounding Noises County,
lowline parts of Houston and New Orleans,
Rondermanatory Vectoration orders is category five
Rita, who energy from the bombing Gulf waters.
It certainly couldn't be that global warming.
Could it?
Yes.
Forecasters said Rita could be the strongest hurricane
on record to ever hit Texas.
Did I say the US mainland?
Well, whatever it takes us.
And maybe the US mainland too, by the time it gets there.
Only three category five hurricanes
the highest on scale are known to have hit the US mainland.
Most recently of course Andrew, which gave us the wall
of in 1992.
And I got just going to read a little bit in a minute
of the advisory from eight o'clock this morning.
So people have a, and then of course your president,
who just can't handle it, man.
Your dry drum is becoming a wet drum.
This is new Roger.
This is five 16 QA.
I know someone like you do not sound what you're doing.
Kate Moss that's getting sick.
The skin is sick.
I know your future is pretty that heroin sheet.
We've got to lay off the blow.
Kate Moss that skinny chick.
We want to know what's the deal.
It blows the drab when you're in rehab.
You're worse than Ali McBear.
It's a 10.30.
So we'll get to Kate Moss.
Small potatoes momentarily.
Here's the eight o'clock advisory.
I'm not going to read the whole thing
because obviously that would be really ponderous and boring
because a lighter week here, right?
Right.
Let them lose their souls.
Potentially.
And I'm telling you right now, the Lord is really pissed off
at Texas.
And obviously we know we know why.
You're president.
You must be pissed off here too, because the internet is out.
Yeah.
The internet is out.
Yeah.
Well, how come I still got my, uh, you got yours.
Got my phone.
Well, what do you mean by that?
No, usually when your internet's go out,
I lose my phone.
I don't think you could hear right there.
I got my phone.
I got my dots.
Hold your breath.
I got my clock.
I'll see if anybody calls in.
Let's test the phone.
OK, somebody called please.
And of course with that 18 minute delay,
it'll be about what?
It'll be about 11 o'clock by the time we get the call.
It's back.
So, huh?
We got it back.
What do you mean you got it back?
What that was that?
Was that like a false alarm?
No, it was out for a while.
I don't know if all seems to be working so far today.
How do you like the, what was the, huh?
Don't chase it.
No.
Audio while it's working so far.
I'll get the spots on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, and a barrage
didn't sink it around this line.
I don't see the phone ringing at all, which
means either nobody is listening or the 25 minute delay
hasn't kicked in yet.
We just wanted to do a phone test.
When is the last time we wanted to do a phone check
and we didn't see a lot of lines line up?
I think you're right, the everything is screwed up.
Oh, there they go.
Phone check.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you, buddy.
OK, thank you.
Goodbye.
See, he was going to say something.
Potentially catastrophic, I didn't want to talk
to these people yet.
I'll see now they're all ringing like, oh, yeah,
we can't find the phone works.
Everything's fine, OK?
It's getting a little bit ponderous now.
Wasted like the first 3 1,5 hours in the short meeting
because our technical ability to stay on here.
But I'm sure they still have that big sign
on engineering 24, 7, international broadcast.
All those other, yeah, right.
You guys stuck.
Let's face it, you're a joke.
I seem better engineers and kids basement up north
and kids playing radio.
Potentially catastrophic category 5
of Rita over the central Gulf of Mexico
slight weakening anticipated today.
Slight.
At 8 o'clock this morning, the eye of Hurricane Rita
was near latitude 25.2 north longitude 88.3.
Weissher about 490 miles east southeast of Galveston
and about 595 miles east southeast of Corpus Christi.
Rita is moving to the west northwest near 9 miles an hour.
See, it slowed down too, which is also not good.
And this general motion is expected to continue
for the next 24 hours.
Maximum sustained winds estimate near 170 miles an hour
with higher gusts, which makes Rita a potentially
catastrophic category 5 hurricane on the Santa
for Simpson, North Cross, Kamal scale.
A slow weakening trend is forecast,
but we did expect to reach the coast late tomorrow
or early Saturday as a major hurricane at least
category 3.
That's minimum.
Tides are currently running about a foot above normal
along the Mississippi and Louisiana coast
and the areas affected by Katrina.
Tides in those areas will increase up to three to four feet
and be accompanied by large waves.
And residents there could experience some coastal flooding.
Oh my god.
So obviously, the real question is, are those Levy's
going to hold up?
And they show this morning how they're trying to reinforce
that they're like desperately hanging on with those Levy's.
They had to bring the Jews into trial like save everybody.
OK, here's the story that everybody's waiting for
from the National Enquirer.
This rate of giving you a sense of renewed confidence.
You know, when you know the man on the button
is a, used to be a dry drunk allegedly,
and I was like back to being a wet drunk.
And of course, then he's got the niece
who is the coax-norton psycho.
And he's got the nephew that's the block that just got busted
in Texas the other day.
And then he's got the other nephew that's
like drunk and doing wheelies in his girlfriend's parking lot.
And all these other things.
And then of course, his brother, who's
like busy ripping off SNLs.
But other than that, what I tell you,
don't ever trust anybody named BAM.
Yeah.
Bush's booze crisis.
And I always said that, don't ever trust anybody named gay all
the time.
Faith with the biggest crisis of his political life.
This is from the Enquirer.
President Bush has hit the bottle again.
The Enquirer can reveal.
And the Enquirer don't lie.
Bush who said he quit drinking in the morning
after his 40th birthday has started boozing
amid the Katrina catastrophe.
Family sources have told the how the 59-year-old president
was caught by first lady Laura doubting a shot of booze
at their family ranch in Crawford, Texas
when he learned of the Hurricane disaster.
His worried wife yelled at him, stop, George.
Following the shocking incident,
this foes here for the first time.
Laura privately warned her husband
against falling off the wagon and vowed to travel with him
more often so that she can keep an eye on W.
The sources said.
When the levees broke into whirlens,
it apparently made him reach for a shot said one insider.
He poured himself a Texas-sized shot of straight whiskey
and tossed it back.
The first lady was shocked and shouted, stop, George.
Laura gave him the ultimate in before.
It's Jim B. Mourmee.
She doesn't want to replay that nightmare,
especially now when it's such a tough going for her husband.
Bush is under the worst pressure of his two terms
and orifice in his popularity near an all-time low.
The handling of the Katrina crisis
and true losses in Iraq have fueled public discontent
and pushed Bush back to drink.
They pushed Bush.
A Washington source says the sad fact is
that he's been sneaking drinks for weeks now.
Laura may only have just caught him,
but the word is, his drinking has been going on
for a while in the capital.
He's been in a pressure cooker for months.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
Laura in Iraq, the loss of American lives
has deeply affected him.
He takes every soldier's life personally.
We believe that.
It affects him emotionally and it hasn't drained.
The result is he's taking drinks here and there,
likely in private to cope.
And now with the worst domestic crisis
in the administration over Katrina,
you pray as drinking doesn't go out of control.
Everybody get on your knees and pray, okay?
Another source said, I'm only surprised to hear
that he hadn't taken a shot sooner.
Before Katrina, he was at his wits end.
I've known him for years.
He's been a good old Texas boy forever.
He had a drinking problem for years
that most professionals would say needed therapy.
He doesn't believe in therapy.
He never got it.
He drank his way through his youth
through college and well into his thirties.
Everyone around him is drinking.
Another source says, a family member told me
they feared Georgia's falling apart.
The first lady's been assigned the job of beatkeeper.
Bush's history of drinking dates back to his youth,
speaking of it as time as a young man
in the National Guard, he has said,
one thing I remember in a most proud of
is my drinking and partying.
Those were the days my friends.
Those were the good old days.
To out of play that should we?
What that was in it?
Did those were the days Molly?
I don't know.
I'll find out.
You know, those were the days.
Come on.
I can't think of it.
It was ancient history.
It was on Apple Records, I believe.
At each 20, six in 1972,
he reportedly rounded off at ice losing
with his 16-year-old brother, Marvin,
by challenging his father to a fight.
I didn't know he had a brother named Marvin.
He did you?
No.
I'll be damned.
I November 1st, 2008,
of his first presidential election,
Bush acknowledged that in 1976,
he was arrested for DUI near his parents' home in Maine
at age 30.
But third, man.
Bush played a guilty and paid $150 fine.
His driving privileges were temporarily suspended in Maine.
He did a p-vail.
I'm not proud of that.
Mary Hopkins, that's what it is.
Very good.
Oh, it's just don't on me.
No, us.
Hopkins.
He's right.
Hopping on it.
OK, that's enough.
I'm not proud of that.
He said I made some mistakes.
I occasionally drank too much and I did that night.
I learned my lesson.
Another interview around that time, he said,
well, I don't think I had an addiction.
You know, it's hard for me to say I've had friends
who were addicted, very addicted.
They required having a hitting bottom going to AA.
I don't think that was my case.
He said in other words, he's in denial, like most drunks.
Dr. Justin Frank, a Washington DC psychiatrist,
an author of Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president
told the National Inquirer,
I do think that Bush is drinking again.
Alcoholics who are not in any program like the president
have a hard time when stress gets to be great.
I think it's a concern that Bush disappears during times
of stress.
He spends so much time on his ranch.
It's very frightening.
It's very frightening.
It's very frightening.
I don't like that.
And of course, the president's got his itchy finger
on and button right now.
You know, that might divert our attention
from all these catastrophes and ineptitude
and all this cronyism and brownie hounds
and all this other stuff that's going on.
Just punch that button, baby, and just a launch one.
That might like to solve our problem.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 QA.
The program and they want that it's done.
How?
We're moving on up.
Down up.
Down up.
Down up.
Down up.
The heart has more right thus to die.
We're moving on up.
Down up.
Down up.
Down up.
Down up.
And there ain't no relief inside.
For our goal to the station,
I got to ride me a bank.
Takes a lot of dead presidents,
I just feel up with that thing.
Take a look at the gas gauge,
here's what it's meant to eat.
It's going to feel love, don't you worry, baby.
Now it's here for you to eat.
We're moving on up.
Down up.
The heart has more right.
Down up.
Down up.
Down up.
Down up.
And there ain't no relief inside.
I'm dying on the gas.
1047 at 560 W-Q-M.
Still a word on the Moshow.
We're trying to like, we're checking
with all our sources to find out.
Is it a goal with Mower or whatever.
Speaking of that bet, I just played.
reader could equal $5 gas.
Some of the ones if you got a 16 gallon tank that would be like 80 bucks to fill up your tank.
80 bucks.
Used to be.
Huh, it used to be about 24, 25, right?
Right.
Bucking a half.
Now we're talking 80 bucks.
Thanks Mr. President.
I realize that global warming has nothing to do with all this so we can't blame you.
Remember when gas is spiked to $3 gallon after it came between us as this story and CNN in the money section?
By this time next week that could seem like the good old days.
Three bucks a gallon.
Good old days.
Whether an energy expert say that as bad as ever came Katrina at the nations applied gasoline, reader could be worse.
Katrina damage was focused on offshore oil platforms and ports.
Now the greater risk is to oil refinery capacity, especially if reader slimes into Houston, Galveston, and Port Arthur, Texas.
We could be looking at gasoline lines and $4 gas, maybe even $5 gas.
If this thing does the worth it could do is that energy analyst Peter Buchell of Cameron Hanover.
This storm is in the wrong place and it's absolutely positively at the wrong time he said.
Michael Schlacker, chief meteorologist and weather 2000 said read an out here is most likely to hit between Port Arthur and Corpus Christi, Texas.
Sometime between tomorrow afternoon Saturday morning just about all of Texas's refinery capacity lies in that at risk zone.
There is no lucky 7 10 split scenario to use a bowling analogy said if you're refinered within 200 miles, you're going to feel the effect.
When Katrina hit 15 refineries nearly all the Louisiana Mississippi with a combined capacity of about 3.2 million barrels a day were shut down or damaged,
that represented almost 20% of US refinery capacity within a week, almost two thirds of that damaged capacity to resume some operations.
Before refineries were nearly 900,000 barrels a day capacity are still basically shut down.
If reader hits both the Houston, Galveston area as well as the Port Arthur, Beaumont region near the Texas, Louisiana border,
and that looks to me like where it's going by the way. Well not that I know anything but that looks like where it's going,
that looks like George where it's going. Josh isn't looking at it because he's busy with watching network.
That could take out more than 3 million barrels of capacity a day according to Bob Tippey, editor of the, I wonder he's akin to a Tippey headrun.
Editor of the industry trade journal Oil and Gas Journal in Houston.
Before Katrina the system was already so tight that the worst case scenario was for a disruption that took 250,000 barrels out of the picture a day,
that would have been considered a major jolly said, Tippey.
We're already an uncharted territory now, we can't project what happens from another shot the size of Katrina or worse.
Part of the problem is that skilled crews needed to make refineries already busy trying to fix the Katrina damage,
that would have sent recovery time from Rita, so then they could really rape you.
Problems could spread beyond the gas pumps. Tippey said natural gas prices could see a further spike since so many of the offshore platforms offer Texas produced natural gas, not crude oil.
And while gasoline imports have helped bring gas prices down from recognized, there isn't as much potential for heating oil imports.
Gasoline tends to obscure everything, especially since we aren't paying heating bills right now.
Tippey said, but we're already looking at winter fuel problem, we're about to take another hit and we'll cause a lot of problems.
In other words, they're going to rape you, man.
Drop those checkered pants and get ready because they're going to rape you.
They're going to take every dime. You're going to have to mortgage the house just to fill the tank.
I get a bicycle, that's what I would do. I do like the Dutch do. Get a bike house to believe.
What's your thing now? I'm thinking of another one for the poll. I'm sure there must be some other ones things I talk about in the show that they couldn't hear less about that they hate.
How about food?
So enough a lot about food on the show.
In fact, we did that whole week on food, which our sales department did a fabulous job following up on that.
By the way, nice going guys. And you too, Berkeley, you silly person food. You're going to put that on here?
Yes, especially ice cream. I'm always talking about ice cream. I have no idea why five six seven oh five 60 pound five system.
I would be like a heroin addict talking about heroin all the time or came off talking about blow the Rimmel London cosmetics firm said today was reviewing its contract with model Kate Moss after newspaper photo showed her apparently snorting cocaine apparently.
The statement came either that or she just picking her nose. The statement came two days after the firm said a plan to continue its four year association with the model pictures recently published in the Daily Mirror newspaper in London,
and appeared to show the 31 year old Moss snorting cocaine Moss acknowledged lastly the template in person recent cocaine use word true.
It's two baby. It's true. She's doing it. She's snorting it. She taking up the nose British police also said they're investigating the allegations.
Rimmel London is shocked and is made by the recent press allegations surrounding Kate Moss's behavior.
We're currently reviewing your contract company spoke from a Caroline Piecroft said.
I wonder if she's related to Caroline Beasley.
Henry's and Maritz Europe's largest fashion retailer earlier dropped Moss from upcoming and campaign Chanel said Wednesday would not review Moss's contract when expires October.
But so the decision was unrelated drug allegations Moss had been the face of Chanel's cocoa.
Madam was up perfume since 2000 doose the fashion company Burberry also announced agreed with Moss to cancel plans for an upcoming campaign.
Burberry said it was said and by her current circumstances aren't you sad about it. Yeah.
Right. 70 Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah. Hey Neil. How you doing? Pretty good.
Yeah. There's a shot. Harry would type to with coke. Okay. That is especially. Listen. I got a suggestion for a poll. You might want to check it out.
In general, what job or profession do you think is stealing their paycheck? Okay. You know, I'm saying like that.
Yeah. I think we have read on that one. We've done all kinds of polls about different kinds of jobs. But we've never done that one. Right.
I've got one poll about certain kind of jobs that we can't even talk about no more. Thanks to Joyce.
Agreed Monica. Right. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Let's see what kind of what profession. Well, I'll find a way to worry. But that's pretty good idea.
That is stealing stealing money. My problem with this is for example. That would probably be near the top of my list.
Just stealing your money, raping the public. WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You're the shoes on my nizzle. Yeah.
Hey, listen. I'm out of here, man. I'm moving to Canada. I can't stand you. Julio's down here. Okay. Good luck to pal.
Is that in fact, I have a story on that speaking of Julio's about the no picketing lace. Where else that's there?
I was way down in my pod pile, but thanks to him, I might have to move that up. It was in California, but you could change the wording from California to Florida and have the same result.
Now, now he's going to make me look for it. I'm looking for it. I'll have to find it during the break.
But it has to do with people offended by people speaking, picking a pony. Not that there anybody in Florida offended by people who don't speak English, although this is kind of a reverse story.
Yeah, it's called a bilingual message from his xenophobic, but soon the LA Times. I'll get to it in time. You know what I'm saying? In time.
I just learned a blare what say. She was real head turner. I wonder if Josh liked that movie. The actressist. Yeah, it was fine. It was fine.
What's not to like? Oh, okay. Well, I mean, you're just not all enthusiastic about in the movies that we love. I guess because they're all old and we're all old and crusty and you know, it's not like to really great movies that are out today.
Now you're getting somewhere. Yeah, well, I can't think of anything, but there must be something. W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Pull on barbecue places in which newscasters would you like to see having sex?
And a barbecue joint. That's not bad. What about shorties in Kendall? They both have metro rail just for shorties. W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M. Hey, how about a poll for suggestion about a poll? W-Q-A-M. Hello.
In project. W-Q-A-M last call. Hello. See, this is what we've done to them. This is, I love it. I feel like I made such a major achievement, you know?
Because by doing this, taking the old tools and having the, you know, not the entire list, there's always room for like a little bit more, but having generally the basic list on it that we used before, now it's like, now they're going to have to come up with some reason to call.
Something to say. Not that that's going to happen, but now the pressure and that's why we're getting such a marginal to non-existent response.
Well, we're doing all one for the poll, but you already got an honor. Yes, right. Because that's boring. It's terminal. It is just, I mean, I'm sure that Jika would rather hear that then hear me reading these ponderous bedtime stories that are probably way above his bald head.
But that's beside the point. We hate you, Tom. See, it wasn't just a the one phony letter that he made up and it wasn't the letter. It was the response. That's what kind of pork me up. And then he goes on with Mr. Ego there on a station. Nobody even knows what the call letters are on a program that nobody listens to.
And just, you know, and must have tremendous tune in audience because we got one fax about it yesterday. It just happened on Monday allegedly.
We have no way to prove that. And nobody else even verified it. Nobody even seconded that emotion. So nice going, Tommy, you always were best on the station. Nobody's listened to, especially when you started gripping. Look at that 514 votes. And it's not even 11 o'clock yet. What do you think? I'm thinking like 25,000 votes today.
This is Neil Rogers. What's all admits is by 16 Q a you fell.
Where did you learn your trade, you idiot? Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for is to help us. Does that seem clear to you to help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living. You company man. You ferry.
I got the occupation. I got the price you could have. You're full of good social sharing. I've been selling hard to serve. I've been selling hard to make donations to Neil.
You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve.
You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve.
You're only the one who's been selling hard to serve. Thank you,cri ange. I didn't raise it. I didn't raise it. I didn't raise it. I didn't raise it. I didn't raise it. I didn't raise it.rie  ichec spielt en la code de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de la protgige de les steeds dans la ban  rque.
1.1-2560-7 collect my gochino a second per meter.
544 boat on a pool already, that's my goings for any fourth, that's me.
pretty pleased about it. Last thing we need is for our hands to go on air is more thunder.
Enough with that. We don't mind that chocolate thunder from down under at the outback for
example. Never have a chocolate thunder down under. Anyway don't say it because Joyce
will get killed. 544 votes under full of all the things that Neil talks about which is
least interesting to you. Now the Humper said how about doing what's most interesting
while we have done that and we'll bring that back one of these days. Not soon maybe
next week. Hockey 149 enough with a hockey talk. Okay. Thanks, Rimmer, for nearly putting
me out of business you lunatic you cheap skate the track on all of that just so we can
give him a free meal. I'd have been happy to send him a free meal that was housed
a just to keep him out of the studio and be to keep him off the air. And so we can
just continue doing our show at IOD without having to go. Oh we need to do a hockey show.
I'm in. We'll come in and bring George a whole list of all these people. Don's share
eight and that's what I'm going to have.
And then a 10.45 you got to go this guy over here and. Oh brother. What kind of coffee
you got going. I take it black. The rim man. Hey Rimmer. Nice. Oh, and you stay
the hell away. Don't call me anymore. You get on. I'm not sure who bothers me the most
him or Joe Castello. All I like Joe of all the things that Neil talks about which is
least interesting to you. Hockey 149. Although keeping my nobody wants another Joe.
The track 100. The race track. I've been begging the Humper. I mean I know he's a very big
and it's got to do with gambling. He owns horse. The horse and hold it. He's good but he's
a big Zito and he actually has the scene. Javier Castellano naked I think but that's
it. Mo 54. Well it's a good thing. You see how my time is usually pretty good because
it was getting really pond worse. And then when he just started allosing it and talking
about punching the whole world in the face at a boy. Why even waste your time with somebody
this and then we find out if he's under there. Not Josh. We haven't. Of course we haven't.
Well it's 11.05. Is he alive? Oh boy. Mo 54. No no no not too much about him. No
Mo he's just get some of my nerves. Gay stuff 52. Too much. Yay stuff. Okay let's
butcher show up a little bit. I don't think so. Diet talk 46. When held at that
camera just started moving up there. Moving on up. A stock market 35 which I can't remember
the last time a year ago I talked about the stock market before I lost my ass. So why
would I talk about that? Inside radio stuff 29. Those bedtime stories only 26. That's
only 4.7% which means that of the people we still have listening. See the people are
offended by my reading the bedtime stories. Most of them are probably long gone already
wouldn't you think? I would imagine. Yeah they're gone like me. He's not listening to
this show no more. He's probably listening to what else is on now. I know it's
scared America. Maybe he's listening to no speaking English that's more like it. We're
right up to Zalley. Probably listening to Radio Free Habana. Bedtime stories 26 are about
the least interested. They can't handle it. They can't stand it. They hate them. Politics
21. I'm student M50 and they are very much into Amsterdam especially there was a
shrooms man. They love those shrooms. I might have some shrooms for lunch today. Religion 11.
Health problems eight and food. We just put food on there. One 551. This is a staggering.
I look at there's the SCNM thing showing yesterday or the day before when the middle
of the island when it increases our risk of surviving a lot better but not in the face
of this. What are you saying? What we don't want to see galveston yet that's a premature
evaluation. Did you see those upper bands again whipping towards the right toward
Norellines right there in Louisiana looking too good to me. What do I know? I'm just
a observer. What do I know about meteorology? I ain't no Miss Kamala or Miss Norkross.
WQIM. Hello. I'm there. I'm one just keeps doing this
connect because I'll sneak a couple of calls in here as we get them but they're pretty
mean and lean because we've already got the pole put together. WQIM. Hello. Can I be on
the show? No. Kill him by the way. Just kill him. He's a way or that's not okay for
today. I go take some pros at Ron get lost go break your kneecaps call up Kathy
Bates. Somebody QA and hello QA and the
okay. Okay. Ruben Jones Mike Whitney. Isn't it astonishing and they're just breathtaking
to you? Yes. This isn't just a radio show. This is a hobby. Have you ever stopped
to think about that? Oh no. This is not just a radio program. This is a hobby for a
whole bunch of people out there. This is their life. This is their I have no life.
Has time. And I think it's long past time for some of these people to be taken out. Call
up Pat Robertson see if we can't do a voodoo curse on some of these people. When did
I take them out for a long walk? WQIM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen Neil. I don't
know if I just came in a few minutes ago. Has anyone mentioned the two page spread in
the Palm Beach Post this morning in the front section of the paper on one page? They
lied under pictures of Rummy and W and Cheney and Condi and then on the other page was
a list of every name of every GI who's died in Iraq. I'll be damned because that it said
they died. Have you seen that? No I have not seen that because I don't look at the Palm
Beach Post even on a dry day. But I thought I'd bring it up. There's a website. I'm sorry
I can't reflect the night event. I don't have the paper with me but it might be worth
the while looking into it. Okay thanks so much. I'll check it out. I know we haven't
had any calls on that because people were too busy saying, pros at face stuff like that.
I'll check but we usually get the Palm Beach Post in the in the break room. Yeah. We
get the Palm Beach Post in the building. I mean I could go online and look it up but
it would be a lot more fun if you actually had to write in your hand. Well I'll see
during the next break or something. WQIM. Hello. QAM. Slow line. Lifeless line. WQIM.
WQIM. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. I just think about a poll about how much George's property.
Okay WQIM. Hello. Hey. I told Camille. Speaking. Mill. You are the cause of why you show
his demise last three years. How come you're still listening man Jack? Yeah he ain't
listening all of a sudden click. I'm the re-its demise. I didn't realize we were into
my eyes. I thought we were kicking ass. We have those big, juicy bloody numbers. Thanks
a lot. That's time's boyfriend by the way. WQIM. Hello. Yes sir. He's always
born. Okay. He's always born. Okay. WQIM. Hello. Hey. Mill. If I understand your
poll correctly I'd like to nominate movies. Okay. Not interested in movies, huh?
Need a home man. I love your show but the movie reviews have got to go. Okay. Movie.
That's good. I didn't know there was a way of like saying well we put food on there.
I think most people are interested in food. Good food anyway but put food on there.
So why not movies? I mean Josh doesn't like movies. At least good ones anyway. That guy
probably didn't like network. I should ask him that. Damn it. See you should like interject
to there. He probably hated network like poison. So maybe you can call him back in too.
You can like hook up and go over to a ball game together like a Marlon loss. I mean a
Marlon game. Of course the Marlon's are playing after meth tonight after losing two embarrassing
games side by each. You know they had the bases loaded like that. Mike Lowell man. Why did
they dump his ass long time ago? What? Nobody wants him. He had a bomb left there. He had
a bomb. Yeah he had a bomb right when they had the bases loaded in the top of the ninth
and chance to blow that game open. I saw that. That's the only part of the whole game I saw
was when he and they had the meth telecast on. Boy I can't stand that Fran Healy. What a
dullard. What an idiot. But isn't that Fran Healy on there? Is it I think it is? It's
he on the Yankee. No he's on the Ameths. Do you like Dave O'Brien by the way? Actually
David sounded pretty good on ESPN. I don't like Dave personally because he's screwed
over. He's got a huge ego and he's screwed over Joe Angel badly which I liked Joe a lot
better. Much better guy. David's okay but he's got that same generic kind of sound. There's
like 8,000 guys who sound like Dave O'Brien. He's pretty good. He's okay. But I thought it
was kind of ironic that they blew out Joe Angel. John Henry and that that crowd before
the present the owners. They blew out Joe Angel because Dave O'Brien wanted to be the
main man. You know he wanted to be the the whole the big cheese and then come to fight
out like five minutes after they did that and they chased Joe Angel away O'Brien says,
oh well I changed my mind. I want to go to ESPN. Well screw you Dave. Okay they packed
them a salami sandwich and sent them on a way which is a good idea. Although I've said
you one thing they should have kept him as far as over this rich wall sky. I mean if
you're asking me who I like the better Dave O'Brien or rich walls is there is there any
contest? No. I mean Dave O'Brien is like chat hutly compared to rich walls. Compared
to the outs does it take to end the ending? He's not only is he bad and got a horrible
voice and clueless and boring but he doesn't even understand the game that's what gets me.
Wouldn't you think part of the qualification for being a play by play broadcaster for a major
league sporting team would be understanding rules of whatever game it is? Wouldn't that be
good? That's all he hasn't got a clue. And of course you know the stars are again very
quiet because he sees this guy and I'm sure that rich has probably sent him. You work
on that show with that bag of that bad mouth of me all the time he probably says that.
Actually he never has no. I don't know that he knows because it knows. Well let's keep
it that way. And of course they're out of town right now. I'm sure that no trouble
makers will pass along the information that Josh is ripping rich and ass on my show.
Twelve minutes after. Twelve minutes fast. You see it's really interesting. We take this
poll today which I think it's kind of interesting to see the stuff that boards them to that.
And right away it's like oh there's some kind of a problem with your show and your response
of that. And means I'm of course they're still listening and just getting all this
there. It really I've taken it to the pain is so great. I don't know if I can survive
till two o'clock. It just pains me tremendously. The pain that some of these idiots want to
inflict. You're hot about your time. I would agree with that. I'm a terrible pro-god.
I'm a real bastard. Hey how did you sleep last night? The recent national survey by the
National Sleep Foundation. Fewer than half Americans who were getting good to that sleep
most nights. One of the primary reasons of not getting good night sleep is not having
a comfortable supportive mattress like a brand new Simmons beauty rest queen said from
our good friends with dial amateurs. This Simmons beauty rest features individually pocketed
coils so you won't feel your partner thrashing around during the night or getting up in the
middle of the night and call an ass. Now it's priced at just 599 bucks. This is for a limited
time only so pick up that phone. Call 1-800-Mattress right now and tell me what they're
neal deal that great Simmons beauty rest for just 599 bucks. Plus a portion of every deal
at dial amateurs will be donated to Hurricane Katrina Relief. When you call 1-800-Mattress
you will get the same day delivery all across South Florida. And by calling 1-800-Mattress
you still can choose from the deepest selection. You'll pick the date into our window for
delivery to fit your schedule. They show up 99.7% on time. I've been using them for a long
long time. This is most of the smart folks secure and even some of the dumb ones are doing
too. They call 1-800-Mattress when the old mattress is going to be tossed out. You ought
to be doing the same. Log on to macrace.com or give dial amateurs a call right now and
1-800-Mattress and have a great night sleep tonight and for years to come till 20 years
from circus on a great new bed from dial amateurs. Call 1-800-Mattress.com. We'll leave
off the last S because it stands for Stu Pender Savings.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 AF.
Bitch. I'm sorry.
Talk about your death while presidents. You ain't kidding. Goodbye George. You gotta go
home because you got bad on the bio. But you sure flew quick when it came to sit.
Jerry Shiloh. Son of a bush is a foot in your
tush now saved by you. That's how George Wild people drown. You played around
a relaxing golf. He was on macrace for a few days and I got a couple of keys that
have a dental. And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario. You were the one
busy having fun in the ass and no. You'll invest a gauge at a later date. That's real
bullshit. I don't think it's an issue once that. But you get locked up so it don't
continue. But no one will get blamed like with age and blame no hands will roll.
And as for this, the video slap on the wrist and no charges fire. What a surprise.
If you're a liar, no one gets fired with each new message. Nobody. A new death toll
will slip into polls. That's no problem. Oh, no, that's it. Your spin machine will deal
with new Orleans because that's their job. Oh, as for usual son of a bush is a foot in
your tush. You're an owl. We just don't understand. You got blood on your hands. But what
no brain. I'm a problem. So you made it obvious that these two most of us you have no
shame. Oh, shame. What's that? And what's with that smirk you stupid jerk when people
have died. Oh, son of a piece. You should be. And we mean front. That was all a favor.
And get the hell out. You're here. Jack. Yeah.
What's being an attack ass is there's a Louisiana governor Mary babbling their Kathleen
babbling Blanco. Do all you tend to protect your family. This is very important. See
now what did we say before to show this morning? How come we can see it in all these other
experts these mavens out there are like sitting like a bunch of like the three stuages for
crying out loud. He's now saying up to 20 foot surge is expected from either in Louisiana.
Forget about Texas. I mean Texas is going to get it bad. But up to 20 foot surge and you
can see by looking at the tracking map there that they're going to get some heavy duty crap
man again. And so they bring in all the buses this time. I mean after all there's only
Thursday. Why rush right then bring it only buses into evacuate the Louisiana.
Shelters in northern Louisiana being prepared for a record. Get off of my show Mrs. Limbaugh.
God almighty that routine. She pulled yesterday that bush a apologetic crap whatever she
did. She needs to be off of my screen there in rush. What every hell her name is. She gives
me a rush right in my back home. I see that bitch. So there you go up to 20 foot surge
from Rita in Louisiana. Mike Whitney no relation to former Panther and now Carolina.
Hurricane orders that hockey talking and don't you actually look at the appol you idiot.
Mike Whitney writes no exit to sending in the hell with George W Bush on smirking chimp.
He says the bodies of the Mangal then bloated corpses are nowhere to be found in America's
news programs like the countless dead and erected purged from the cupboard and stripped
from the public record. They've been replaced by the well scrubbed visits of the Potemkin
president issuing his comforting words for his people. The warlings will rise again
and Bush code and poking the warm phrase theology of the slave era for a white house that
prides itself on appearances and spends over $62 million a year on public relations firms.
The Bush monologue on national TV was a dismal performance. His limp promises of restoration
all ringing with the same free market timber that slept cobble and bagged that in a shambles
fell well short of the mark. The ruin is effective as tenure and our everywhere to be seen
and even the media's impenetrable smoke screen seems to be lifting. This astrophilist
Bush like a shadow. It's one of the inescapable facts that haunts his 58 years and it should
provide some media relief for those who believe that he and his vile regime can't be brought
down. Just look around. Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Chinese energy papers, the deficits, the
courts, the UN, Israel, Palestine, New Orleans, the corporate corruption, the war profiteering,
the incompetence, the lies, everything Bush touches is reduced to rubble. No institution
however protective him would stand the onslaught of his withering company, the vast
wreckage extends in every direction. Character is fate. Marcus Aureia said it's a
straight line drawn from a man's birth to his final hour. Some men will fail in everything
they do and there's no force in the universe that can alter their destiny.
Parking our bus dose spectrum, the Texas Rangers, and now the United States of America, all
following the predictable downward spiral into the muck. The trajectory cannot be amended
by simply putting down the bottle, figures in and down which he hasn't done. Faders had
indelible blocks like the mark of cane forever embossed on the soul of his victim. It's
part of Bush's genetic code is integral to the whole mechanism as the cocky drawler
the lumbering gate. The project for the new American breakdown is headed for the political
landfill scuttled by its lack, its luckless wagon master corporate George. The street
scenes have submerged New Orleans and are littered with unattended carcasses of blue-faced
victims as the Bush legacy. It can be softened with the dulcet pros of the New York times
or airbrushed by the famed compassion of TV anchorman, but the truth keeps topping its
head up through the weeds revealing the devastation. New Orleans won't go away, won't disappear
into that good night. America's beloved southern portacall has been vanquished by neglect,
tumbled by the erosion of its wetlands and the weakening of its levees. Now the tens of
thousands of refugees are fleeing the previously thriving metropolis much like the people of
Fallujah, Tallahfar and Samara. Interact the effects of hurricane, a George can be seen throughout
the Sunni Heartland. Robust Belt continues to storm through a wax underbelly like to
come to Sherman on his march to the sea, leaving only tents cities and desolation behind.
The relief agencies are simply overwhelmed by a mensity of the human catastrophe. There's
no place. Bush, of course, just shrugs off such sentimentality. What possible difference
could their suffering make? Besides, there's no longer even a trace of plan for a wreck,
just the faintest abuse of the force, and the drunken elation in slaughter. None of it makes
any sense nor should it. The nation is sinking in an ocean of hubris and illusion. Reason and
decency have vanished in the desert, Cerrico, only the wrecked your other destruction persists.
There's no stopping this juggernaut, Washington's ruling elite, our hel- elite, our hellbent
to continue, flailing away at every obstacle in their murderous path. This week it's a
wreck. Next week it's Cerrico. What possible difference could it make? America won't be
digging out of this or G of terror anyway. Bush has led us to the brink. The economy is
teetering. Our alliances are crumbling and the nation is ambling toward disaster. All
the wild and dear leader is fixed as vision on the deepest part of the quicksand and trudges
onward. America won't dodge the reaper this time. Character is fate. Our future is hopelessly
shackled in the dwindling fortunes of our vacuous president, George Walker Boy. Oh boy,
all we can say is, I didn't like that little depressing, eh? Yeah, well, for those of
you folks still in America, I mean, you know what I'm saying? 627 votes. Are you impressed
or what? Are you blown away? Well, not as much as some people will be. Why, why do you
mean by that? Well, the hurt of the other. Like Tom Jicke and Miguel? No, I mean the people
are Louisiana. Oh, that's bad. No, but seriously, how come we can see that we were talking about
it before the show this morning? Well, anybody who has turned your TV on and there it is.
I mean, we don't need to see Bob Franken and his stupid old ass. There's the thing in
the bottom right hand corner and watch it, see? And even in Rappaport, who's like a, like
a 10 week old bottle of milk, I mean, even he said, well, it is, we have moved the target
a little bit to the east. Yeah, right. Yeah, to the right. To the right. Exactly. Just
like America's moving to the right as far as they can go to the right. And there's those,
in fact, if I just look at the radar and there's some pretty heavy duty stuff still across
central Florida, like from Fort Myers, all the way up to a Sarisota and Port St. Lucille
in places like not Port St. Lucille. What the Port Charlotte? Hush, rush. So, and there's
a, they're just look at it. Some nasty outer bands. And so now finally decided in Louisiana.
Oh, guess what? We're going to get some really up to 20 foot surge in Louisiana. Now, do you
think that the levies are going to hold a 20 foot surge? No, no, no chance. The chances,
the chances are non-existent. There's as much chance of that happening as the, uh,
Miami Hurricanes when they every game they play in the next 40 years, the Hurricanes.
You see how that all ties together? The Hurricanes? Too bad that kid over, I mean, that kid
was so wide open in the end zone. Not that I'm wishing the Hurricanes would lose
the court. Am I? Am I? Am I? Carstrikes pedestrians on the Las Vegas strip. Oh boy,
you know, this reminds me. I want to talk to Hank about this, but we had important
fish to fry about Hank getting suspended for the 800th time. But, um, a car plowed into
pedestrians along the crowded Vegas strip yesterday, killing one injury, 13 authority
sent. Police erected the driver at the scene. It reminded me of that cocktail waitress.
Remember that story a few years ago? Isn't that many years? And she won the mega box for
like 26 or 30 million something like that. I think it was more like, 30 million. One million.
And the next day she gets wiped out a drive in her car going to work. She gets wiped out
on the road by a drunken driver. Now she's in a wheelchair. She's a paraplegic. Do you
remember that story? I do. You went 31 million bucks and some drunken piece of crap comes
along and destroys your life. Man, the car jumped the curb about 515 yesterday afternoon
growing to people walking in front of the valleys and paraso-teen hotel casinos. A 52 year old
man was pronounced at a university medical center. Eight other people all adults being treated
at hospital. And it's got an acid picture. What website is this? This must be Oats AP. People
lay in there in the street being attended to by a medical person. It's just amazing. Five people
were taken to sunrise hospital. That's in the Vegas not in the sunrise. Where one man was in
critical condition to others listed as serious. After striking the pedestrians, the burgundy
view of Christ into a wall came to stop and a landscape area in front of valleys. The car's driver
Stephen Resset, 27 of Rialto, California was arrested at the scene by an off-duty officer who
was at nearby restaurant. It wasn't fear if he was injured and results of the drug and alcohol
test are pending. Police most in Jose Montoya said authorities were investigating where the car
with California license plate was stolen. Ressa was being held in jail. We have a rule out whether
this was an intentional unintentional act. How do you like that? The net farmer, 33 of Woodstock
Jojo walked by the scene after seeing the chaos from her hotel room at the Paris. We didn't hear
the crash. He said, but we saw people lying on the sidewalk. Farmers husband Andy said the
couple had been down the same stretch of the strip of an hour before the crash. The speed on this
road is just too fast and farmer-a-police officer in Canjojo. Yeah, they're always driving real
fast on the strip about like two miles an hour because it's so congested. And look at the freaking
time with you. This is Neil Ryssett. This is Fox 16 key.
For a comfort car protectors with a guitar on my knee because they died in a lazy
and a high-race catch for the T-O-P. Oh, Katrina don't put no blame on me.
But they come from my vacation for a photo opportunity. Swing your partner around and round.
Now build a little swimming through the war with stones. Swing to the left to the right.
Here we go. Swing a little mud down. Docey go. Oh, Katrina, why can those people
be? Because of the course of the week. The end of it is for the wrecking.
1135 25 till noon. We still haven't found out what the deal is whether Moe is doing the show.
No, he's he's on from New York again. From New York again. Moe from New York. In fact,
maybe he's taking a page out of my book now. Neil from Toronto Moe from New York. Mad Dog
from Hank from Vegas. Mad Dog from Michigan. Huh? Sounds like it's got a possibility to me.
And by the way, they got to call it about movies for the poor get a life.
It's just it's just amazing to me. Although, you know, it would make no difference because it fits
in with South Florida perfectly. The malcontents no matter what you're talking about.
Oh, we don't want that. We don't mind you. Whatever it is you're talking about. We are like, man.
Well, do you want? Well, I don't know, but you know, listen, that that that is it that you put your big fat thumb
right on it. What do you want? It's like these people are calling. How come you keep talking about this?
Okay, well, what do you want to talk about? Anything but that. Yeah. It's like little kids.
You know, they don't know what they know. They know they don't want for dinner. Whatever you're serving,
but they haven't got any of the foggiest idea what they do want. And it's the same thing.
We don't want it. We don't like it. When you know what, get lost. Take a hike. Take a radio and stick it
inside your rectum. Right. Especially the car radio. That's always fun. Just stick the whole car in
there. 665 votes. I think we better call our friends at the Guinness Book of Records because we
are going to go over 700 by Nuna. Are we? What is the weather, bitch? As you mentioned,
covering up much of the eastern part of the Gulf of Mexico. Look at the side of that. Look at the
color change here on the storm. You can see all the purples there. And now we're not seeing much
of the purples. So we're in the middle of what we call that eye wall replacing the cycle. The
storms reach me just a little bit. It's still a category five though. It doesn't get worse than that.
165 miles per hour. And we'll probably see some continued weekening over the next day.
I think we're going to have to category three four or five at the time that it makes landfall. Either
way that's still a major storm and doesn't make a lot of difference between the winds that they
are now. What they were earlier today. Forecast track is moving west. We want to get that
climb candle out again. Man, Galveston. We're going to do a little gricken with your president.
Miles per hour, but we still think that since it's taken a little bit of a jog on up to the
north, our estimated landfall time is still going to be early in the morning. We think on Saturday,
the projected path is skinny line. Right through Texas. Right across. Where the hell is
Crawford? I have any idea what part of Texas Crawford's in. Do you know? No, I don't. Well,
do do Google on there. Somebody and look up Texas map and see if you can find. I mean, I don't
know. Never really crossed my mind. Nor does it make much difference. But where the hell is Crawford
Texas? And maybe that hurricane is right on the line. Maybe there's a message from God.
Oh God. Oh God.
Woman convicted in exorcism death in Georgetown, Guiana.
A Guiana jury is convicted. A woman of manslaughter for killing a friend during an exorcism
ritual. Thank God. At least Josh liked that movie. And let me say it again. The guy doesn't like
talking about movies. You need help. That's the power of Christ who tells you.
Get out of the house once in a while. Go to see your schlockbusters do something.
Do you know anybody who doesn't like movies? No, I don't. In fact, although it does have four
votes now, food has got only a pair and movies has got four out of just under 700,
675 vote. How could you not like movies? I mean, even even if you don't like current movies,
you can always talk about old movies. We talk about every kind of movies all the way back into
the 1800s before they invented them. What? It's just it's typical. Why do I get myself
working up about such crap? I'll speak out of crap. X FBI agent crashed an eye to early release.
You all remember this guy, I think, just three weeks into when 98 sentence for drunken and
reckless driving driving former FBI agent David Ferrell yesterday asked the judge who sentenced
him to lend him out of jail early. And the judge said, oh, forget about it.
Feral 42 have spoken a creek was convicted on charges sending from a November 1999 collision
that killed two Lauderdale brothers. And then of course, you recall the whole deal where they
tried to blame them. His attorney, John Howard, argued from early release by telling
Broward Circuit Judge Mark Gold that Ferrell has lived an exemplary life. Is that Ferrell or
Perrell? But gold ordered Ferrell back to jail for their main
inter-vistory month term. Gold questioned whether Ferrell's motion for a mitigated sentence
was filed on time. Even if it was gold said he'd still rule against the request. Ferrell had been
accused of causing the fatal crash by grabbing the wrong way on I 95 in Poppano Beach. A jury in
2000 to acquitted Ferrell a felony manslaughter in vehicular homicide charges in the deaths of
a resueling 23 and Craig Simbers 19. Juris found Ferrell guilty of six Mr. Meener charges.
Ferrell served one day in January 2003 before he was released on $10,000 bond while he appealed
his conviction. Even E. Vaughan, the patient, has got a better chance to get out early.
After losing appeals he began his 98 sentence on the DUI and records driving conviction
September 1. Ferrell's attorney noted that his client upheld all conditions
of his release during appeals. The former FBI agent worked on civil volunteer project,
how it said. But assistant stated, turning Michael Horowitz pointed to Ferrell's post-conviction
driving record as reason to keep him in jail. Ferrell received a speeding ticket in South Carolina
April 2002, a citation for a statement to evade traffic sign in Virginia in October 2004,
Horowitz said he was found guilty in both incidents. The prosecutor also argued that following
conditions of release and performing service to not just the criminal, he's really sad.
Ferrell, the well-crister peer had where to use these days, all the hysteria and rightfully so
after the jury said, oh yeah, well, you know, slap him on the wrist. And that's what they did
because that's the American F and Way. Must have been those black guys, they must have been
responsible. Not that America's racist, you understand nothing like that. 681 votes, I've
ever seen Josh who is very difficult to impress. He's a hard ass. I've ever seen he is shocked
by this turn of developments, aren't you? I'm amazed. See? He said, I'm amazed,
is what he said. He's amazed that I like the movie Network is what he's amazed at. I don't
like the movie. I love it. I watch it probably 20 times. Maybe even more than that, maybe
about third man. That's how good it is. And even George would agree, I've never seen anybody
else in IQ larger than their thumb would do. This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-2-8-M.
733 votes. And we're actually counting them like honest today, supposed to like green
in those people from the library. 13 to 9. We got more from New York again today to a
clock mad dog at 4 in the Marlon stuff. I think you would have shot. And then 80K for the
baseball game. Marlon's at the meds. Now the amazing part of it is sometimes I just, I just
knocked myself out with how amazing an astonishing I am. I'm serious about that. My psychic powers
are just beyond belief. Now did not tell you that this hurricane reeded that God, he had bad
aim the first time. If you don't get it right, the first time to do it again. He's the one that
said that. And in the book, the bad book. And if you look at the map, now did you look at this
before you were fasted? Of course I did. I marked it. I wrote Croft on the way of Houston. In fact,
Croft or Disso small is very hard to find in any map, but it's right, it's right by Waco's
and that's right by that Waco. And it's going to go inland and it's heading right for Croft or
just like I said, the Lord is pealed at George W. Bush and it's a whole bunch of Nazi. This is
the way you do it. The rest of the country, they're just sitting back on the rest of the Democrats
there. But it would put about there's like three or four of them with balls like Ted Kennedy
and Diane Feinstein and Diana Christensen. I'll get back to you Diana.
I'm going to have to watch that again just in honor of Josh and not like it. If you don't like it,
you don't like it. That's okay. Some people don't like spinach. George doesn't like broccoli. I love broccoli.
We're going to say that for that man. I love broccoli. It's a flower. Especially y'all brought in
that. Almost anything with cheese on it. Well, moving along. So if you go to Croft or Texas,
they've got their own website. It is so cute. And it's got the American flag and the Texas flag
and it's got all these little chotch guiseying by there. Howdy it says. Howdy. Y'all come back now.
Welcome to Crawford, Texas. Central Texas is the home of the friendly of 705 people you'll ever find.
705 population. We're sure proud of our town and our favorite son, President George W. Bush.
It says. And then you can order Crawford photos to use for your desktop wallpaper. You can check
out the Crawford area dining and lodging. God. Oh boy. Can you imagine that's dining in Crawford,
have some Crawford Crawford. The fourth annual Levi Bauer 3D Memorial Archery benefit. I would
miss that. I was back in April. Levi Bauer, one of his related Levi Harnard. Or maybe just Levi
Strauss. And then it goes on. Congratulations to the Crawford football team on the audio audio.
I they did this. They did that. Be sure we to Crawford News Archive. It says. And then it says
this. You'll love this. Just hang on tight. President George W. Bush and his wonderful wife Laura
purchased her ranch just outside Crawford in 1999. George and Laura have recognized the beauty of
the area and what a great place we have here. Please come by and see us sometime. Rita will be adding
several links to help you become better acquainted with where where we are, the wonderful area we
live in and the best ways to get here. And of course, you didn't say what we are because we're
already know that. A bunch of Yahoo Rednecks, bunch of Droll and Idiots. Wow. I'm impressed.
Here's the fact that says you mentioned Rick Strauss beginning your program. We didn't finish
the story we're going to tell. I didn't have any story about Rick Strauss. I guess so. Let's tip our
hat because I had the jingle. That's all. What many story? Well, what is with these people anyway?
How about what's don't they get it? Come on. Finish the story. There's like no story about Rick
Strauss on his cat. If you don't know the story, it's just that he was born with it on the
yes, they're good guy. Rick Strauss. He's a little to the right of Hitler, but he's a good guy.
Congratulations, Rick. He's the longest as far as I know. He's over 40 years on the year in Miami.
He's got 10 years on me. Of course, he probably is about 75, but nevertheless, we like Rick a lot.
He's called to show many times. The only thing that bugged him one time was that shock radio got him a little bit.
It's the right. I am not, but not see. I never forget today. I think with my 25th anniversary on the year
and he called and he said, you do great radio. I almost a tear came to my eye. It was just, you know,
because ordinarily, if you're like not the pedestrian usual crap, you know, all you do is get crap.
You know, the media, they dump on you and they just rip you and ask and they take the cheap shots.
Which is fine. I could give a crap less about that unless it's supposed to be your friend like Tom Jicke.
You're not full of me, little Tommy. You always hated this show. You're always second-guessing.
You kind of remind me like Norma Kent, only Norma's a good guy. Good girl.
But you just want to be, you just another first-rated broadcast. So that's why you keep playing radio.
That's why you're filling with your buddy, we might do that. We didn't do that ever. I don't think we did.
Maybe we did. Maybe we didn't. And you know what? Too bad. Because I got all the music.
As long as I went out and spent all my money, might as well do something constructive with it.
But you'll see if you put that on the phone.
Well, she is so great to a man. Did you? Did she was good to your eyes, or?
You were great.
But anyway, now you're talking about two things. They hate music and movies standing in the shadows of Motown.
So anyway, he goes on to say, PSI used to hate Boomer Asciscent until he started bad-mouthing Moe.
I hate Moe when the proven I would offer to buy him a meal at the Olive Garden.
Boomer Asciscent has been bad-mouthing Moe. Do we know about that?
We don't know if he's been bad.
Wow, well, let's Google it. Let's talk to the powers that be. Let's find out that that sounds like a
scandalous story in the making. Anyway, get in back to Rita.
If you look at where this thing is supposed to be going, right, ask through a Houston,
and at least a part of it anyway. Maybe not the I, I, I, I, I, I, I, but the I.
And right on, it's right, dude, toward Waco and Crawford.
The Lord is just jamming it. It's just right on course.
See, that's the first one he missed a little bit.
You know, it's like Robin hand grenades. Sometimes they land where you're spectacular.
Hope, and sometimes they don't see a lot of another one, right?
What's wrong with balls? Sometimes you have to teach her in a Hayden. Sometimes you miss.
Sometimes he had Judy in the first row and stood in the back of the Hayden.
Wow, 722 votes. Are you shmitting me? The levees they're saying.
Basically, at this point, one of the guys said it's really like looking at the crystal ball,
Darren, in terms of what could happen here. They really got a way to see which direction
Rita heads and what she ends up doing to the area of New Orleans. Darren.
That was, now, was that a reporter what?
Was that a report, Darren? Who now? Is that Muddekone?
Man, that was pathetic.
Is Randy Cuppl find for kissing in India? We're about to take some calls. WQA and Hello.
Hey, what's up, and Callie? How you doing, sir?
Um, if it's possible, I'd like to see Rita cross beyond the fee to serve.
Oh, wow. Then we would go to jail if we did that. We'd all go to jail.
She, she, uh, and you know what I'm thinking? It's got to be a joke.
Every time I see her, I think, is this got to be a comedy act?
Is it, aren't they pulling a fast one on us?
New people at MSNBC, man, you are the worst. You're your craze.
See, they put that thing on the air. The NBC network put that on there
to compete with CNN and Fox. In fact, I think they were on before Fox.
I'm not really sure Fox news. And they don't know what they want to be.
They haven't figured out what they want to be when they grow up yet.
And so they've tried everything. They tried field on to you.
And they tried Linda LRB with the big glasses.
And they tried everybody's, Chris Matthews in 10 different time slots, you know,
talking out of the side of his mouth.
And now they've reached just when you think that they reached an all-time low
by putting that bowtide, simmering idiot mother Tucker Carlson on there.
They finally jammed his back to 11 o'clock at night so they could put on
Rita Cosby. They're big, a coup from the Fox news network.
And of course Fox didn't want her anyway.
They didn't renew her contract because somebody finally actually saw her on
here and said, are you kidding me? What's LZAN?
What is it? Is it animal vegetable or mineral?
And of course, I mean, you listen to the voice.
The first time I saw her, I thought, okay, she's got a little arthritis.
You've got it cold. You know, she just had bad timing.
And she can't speak.
So she looks like a pig with a bad nose.
She's a cow.
And on top of that, she can't speak.
Other than that, she is dynamite.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8 down.
Burns about.
When the rat calls doubt.
Listen.
Hello, what is warm?
I'll say you come here often.
I'd meet and you've been here before.
No, first time.
What's your name?
Three way.
Three way. That's nice.
I'm Stigget.
Please, the nature's Stigget.
Right here.
You were here to get the clean.
What?
Oh, I don't know.
You were work around here?
I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I know.
It's a topic.
You probably need to rely on outside.
But you know, with everything that's in the news and all,
it's to pay.
You can start relaxing right now.
For your way, I brought something.
Ooh, she.
And three ways.
Not just any she either.
Look.
Wow, cold, lame.
Pretty geeky condom, but here's the most important part
for your way in the ProTechs label.
ProTecht, huh?
Aren't those endorsed by the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTechs logo.
I sure do.
Certified safe by the city.
By the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I just as so began.
I'll get in.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway in spick it have condoms set.
Don't let worry, spoiled those chance meetings
in public showers.
Always carry ProTecht.
Hello, hello.
PROTC.
T-T.
T-T.
My mind free S-N-B.
PROTC.
T-T.
Bend down with no abnormality.
Back to the practice.
Back to the practice.
Back to the practice.
I don't doubt know what it's all about.
The ProTechs see so they won't send you a re-proTecht condoms.
A division of Black, Black, House, and Garden,
that's controlled division.
Keeping situation safe since 1887.
Found I was before he died and nobody told him.
12.03.
See, Joshua's aren't that believing that he was once very funny
and very creative and real hoot and a horror.
Which he was.
But the problem is that was 100 years ago
and he croaked and he just propped him up in that chair.
He snaps that comriel good though.
Only 747 votes.
Speaking of bozos.
To defeat the terrorists.
We're constantly adapting to their changes.
Oh yes, the war on terror.
Is there really such a thing as the war on terror?
No.
But he's talking about it.
747 music by the way doesn't have any yet.
I don't believe that because they hate my taste in music.
They just spice my music.
Hate it.
And the crap that you play well.
Of all the things that he'll talk about,
which is the least interesting to you,
which one puts you in a way, coma,
which one sends you rushing for that dial,
which one sends you to the bowl to get on your hands and ease
and just puke your guts out.
Hockey 206.
Oh, rimmer.
Man.
I don't know which is worse.
The grim reaper or the grim remer.
206 hockey talk.
How can Florida South Florida have a hockey franchise?
It's just shocking to me.
It would be like selling bagels at the North Pole.
It just makes no sense.
The track 144 race track talk.
Oh boy.
Next thing, you know,
or a Philly on's going to be on the phone.
The gay stuff.
76.
Well, they don't you know, okay,
remember that pull we did the,
I don't know a few weeks ago.
About what people consider themselves to be by or whatever.
And that once again,
it always comes out that way only this time,
even less.
I think we have chased those queens.
I mean, the gay people away because of that drop in.
You fair.
See, I keep playing that over.
You fair.
It was like a wolf fan.
It's chased him away figured that would draw the dead.
It's like a maybe.
No, is it a wolf fan or Gary Bane speaking of dockies.
Don't talk about racing.
I'm like, no more Hank, no more racing stuff.
The audience hates it,
except for those ten old crusty old zoos
that hang around by the finish line.
Those losers down there at Calder.
The track 145.
So hockey in the track.
That's a gay stuff 76.
Although I do have a couple of stories.
Well, anyway,
because we have almost no gay listeners on this show,
which really dispels that popular myth about,
oh, you listen to Neil,
where you must be some kind of a money call.
You know, it always comes up to like 10%.
Not the last time was like much less than that.
Much less less than the general population.
Like here in Toronto,
the gay population is only about 80%.
But much less.
And they're gone.
They're long gone.
So why the hell should I cater to people
or I have no interest in what I'm doing here?
I mean, if I were like young and hung and cute
and all that other stuff if I look like Tom Brady,
we'd have a gay audience here.
We have like 40 million gay people
listening all over the world online,
you know,
but I'm old and fat and disgusting.
And that's the way it is.
It's a nice haircut though.
Gay stuff 76.
Mo 69.
No Mo or just,
and the timing of that is perfect.
See, I can kind of smell that.
Hmm, maybe it was the most grad.
Got loose.
Mo from New York today, by the way,
missed that.
Diet talk 61.
Haven't been doing much of that lately, you know?
193.
I'm a scale today.
Not, yeah, man's a man's not that bad, huh?
Right.
Not great.
The stock market's speaking not great.
48.
Don't do it.
Put your money out of your magpies.
You've had a better chance.
Don't turn on the gambling channel man.
There are a bunch of our grave robbers.
I don't care how much Ted David likes this show man.
We hate everybody connected with that gambling channel.
So in fact, you know something.
I'm convinced with you.
Remember the story I had the other day about GE
and all the interest that they've got in Iraq
and all the money that the grave robbers that they are?
Mm-hmm.
Well GE of course owns NBC and CNBC and MSNBC.
So you can blame all of the money you lost in the market on them.
You can blame Rita Cosby on the peacock.
She is nauseating.
I get sick looking at her.
Diet talks 63 stock market for it.
Now inside radio stuff 36, they like that.
And speak an inside radio.
Tom Taylor stopped faxing me that stuff at 430
in the morning.
You maniac those bedtime stories 32.
That's only 4.1% that number keeps going down.
See?
So that means that 96% of the audience is okay.
Or at least not a P.O.
Okay.
With all those great stories.
Like that one I read before.
I thought that was a good, pretty damn good.
Yeah.
Huh?
Great.
And what about Bush and his Kevala of lunatics?
And the fact that America is basically a sunk and stunk.
And I think, you know.
So what's violent in viral children?
How more stable?
Yeah, right.
You belonging to stable Aaron Crawford, man.
Politics 23.
Amstit Am 20.
They like hearing about Amstit Am.
Especially slippers like Georgia can't afford to go there.
Once you're all about it.
Religion 18.
They love when we knock religion
because this is one of the very few shows in the world
that's got the balls to tell what a bunch of crappatives.
Man made garbage and now it sets everybody against each other
and all the hatred that's going on.
Let's have some Protestant marching days.
Oh!
It's just a concept that is so outrageous, so idiotic, you know.
And it's a part of it.
They put on their orange outfits to identify themselves
as Protestant and they were marched through the Catholic neighborhoods
and the Catholic store bricks at them
and a few pipe bombs here and there.
Crazy.
I guess that's all the fanatical Muslims are doing nowadays.
Only on kind of a grander scale.
Crazy crap.
Health problems 10.
They want to hear about that.
I don't have, oh I do have my IBS act enough a little bit again right now.
Let me play that sound effect.
What's that?
Four ideas.
Oh.
I'm kidding.
Oh that sound, yeah.
I know.
I can't do that.
No, Irina Bavala actually is more like in your stomach.
Right.
But that's the close to what you're thinking like.
Right.
No.
Even though it's called Bavala, you know.
Uh, movies 6.
That, uh, well what am I going to say about that?
779 votes.
Food 4 and music 3.
Fine.
The final music on it, but still in last place.
I'm shocked at that because they hate my music.
Dispise it.
And that's because I'm not one of these concepts.
You know, whatever.
When you rap the crap, you can back to music.
You can close it in your mouth.
Not even close to music.
It's garbage.
Will.
That's why.
That's an old fight.
That's why.
That's why I'm using it.
I'm going to have to call the whole jerk because it was called the hot jerk.
I think Joyce would probably be on the phone in a second.
We can't play that.
Promocating play the rich center bit anymore.
Where he's doing that idiotic jerk jerk.
He said jerk a few times.
What's he doing?
779, man.
Look at that.
What's the president doing?
He's going to be defeated.
The terrorist.
Yeah.
Is ready.
Couple of fine for kissing in India.
India may be the land of the Kamasufra.
The ancient treatise on sex.
But public displays who affects your main strictly taboo
in the country's hinterlands.
As an Israeli couple find out,
all they were doing was.
They were find 500 Indian Rupees.
That's $11 US each for embracing and kissing.
After getting married in a traditional Hindu ceremony in the Northwestern Indian town of Pushkar.
Or is that Pushki?
Ever have a Pushki?
Pushkart.
The Asian A, that's what a Pushki is.
The Asian A, the newspaper reported yesterday.
The Israeli Embassy in New Delhi confirmed the incident.
Identify the couple is Alon Orpaz and Tahila Saleh
who decided to get married while visiting India.
The Embassy did not provide additional details,
but they said they were circumspect.
The Asian Aids had preached that Pushkart's Brahma Temple were so incensed
when the couple smooched as him's were still being chanted
that they found a police complaint.
Oh my God!
A court in Pushkart then charged them with indecency
in order them to pay the fine or face 10 days in prison.
The newspaper said the couple decided to pay the fine
and high-tailed it out of their own.
We will not tolerate any cultural pollution of this sort.
The newspaper quoted at Priest Laduram Sharma
saying Ramalamadindong.
Or should I say dindong?
The Asian Aids reported that the priest plan to ask the government
to require tourists to be appropriately dressed
when visiting the holy town and its temples.
Pushkart located in the banks of Pushkart Lake
is a popular Hindu pilgrimage spot
that's also frequented by foreign tourists
who come in for the towns and he will cattle fare
and camel races.
Oh God!
Let's see all the camel jockey is a court.
I don't talk about it to the racetrack, please.
All right, cut it out.
On TV, she said that people of her city seem group.
Well, look at that.
The vice president made a camo appearance.
There's the Dick Cheney with his new knee.
He had that little, uh, what do you have like a thing?
He had a thing in his knee.
Did he?
Yeah, the plate was called a rectum.
700 91.
We're going to have 800 when we come back after the break
and this is it.
I'm saying our goal today is what?
45,000?
I think we can make 1,100 by 2 o'clock.
You can do it, huh?
Do it.
I understand that those people every day when I do this
and they say, why does he keep doing that?
What difference does it make?
It doesn't make a hell's bit worth a difference.
It's just fun.
That's all.
It's something to do.
It's a goal.
Life you have to have goals.
Go all of us aspire to win the lottery
so we can come in one day or call in
and just say, hey, Greg, blow it out your ass.
You know, that's our ultimate fantasy
is being able to do that.
Win like, you know, 15, 20, 30 million.
About 30, man.
In the lottery.
Just saying, hey, guess what?
A bye-bye and blow it out your ass.
And it's something like that.
God, would that give me sexual excitement to say that?
To send them a telegram.
Just send them a letter in a bottle.
Just stick it in Lake Ontario and float it down.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.
Safe.
Neil American A.O.
We serve you, Mr. National Anthem Improvisor.
You feel the need to put your own special stamp
on the Star Spangled Banner,
even though the composers got it right the first time.
The crowd wants to sing along, but they can't.
Because it's impossible to figure out
where the hell you're going with the next verse.
The members of each team just want to play ball,
but the game is delayed because you've stretched the song
from its normal, minute 20,
just four minutes in change.
On the ramp, must be more.
American A.O.
thought you stoned too.
That's why William Hong has a record deal and a tour.
And you're singing for the East Pot Dunn-Prayer Chicken.
For the land of the trees.
So, we serve you, Mr. National Anthem Improvisor.
Your 8 by 10 glossy photos, your girth, and your bling bling.
And the whole of the day, you are a real American A.O.
It's a 12-18, a few, and 821 votes that are a pull
about things that they don't like me talking about,
as it's like almost anything.
That's great, 821, an exciting,
the throat little, I expect to read when I sat down here.
The Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee
accused the Pentagon today of stonewalling an inquiry
into claims that the U.S. military identified four 9-11
hijackers more than a year before the 2001 attacks.
They're stonewalling, baby.
The Defense Department barred several witnesses
from testifying at a Judiciary Committee hearing.
And instead, Senate top level official
could provide little information on how
federal related intelligence uncovered
by a secret military code team named Abel Danger.
Probably, Sid Abel was a member of that team.
That looks to me like it may be obstruction
of the committee's activity.
Something will have to determine,
say the panel's chairman, Senator Arlen Bush
and Specter of Pennsylvania.
Specter also complained that the Pentagon
delivered hundreds of pages of documents
related to Abel Danger, laid on the eve of the hearing,
giving his committee staff no time to review the material.
The American people are entitled to some answers,
expect to be saying,
it's not a matter of attaching blame.
It's a matter of correcting errors
so that we don't have a repetition of 9-11.
And there's your president going,
but it will have to move.
Got a command control.
Yeah, see, there he is.
Your president,
the Defense Secretary, Hermann Gehring,
and Rumsdrell, said the Pentagon considered Abel Danger
to be a classified matter
and declined to participate
when the Judiciary Committee chose to hold an open hearing.
We have to obey laws with respect to security
classification gearing told reporters.
Witnesses barred from testify
included military intelligence officers
and aimless involved in Abel Danger,
a now defunct operation
and used powerful computers
to sift through public data
in search of intelligence clues.
People involved with the operation
have said that Abel Danger identified 9-11 ringleader
my hammered octom,
three other hijackers
as being members of an al-Qaeda cell
in the early months of the year 2000.
But one Army official,
Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Schaefer
has also said publicly that Abel Danger
members tried to pass the information
to the National Army,
three times in September 2000,
but were forced by Pentagon lawyers
to cancel the meetings.
Much of the information related to Abel Danger
was destroyed like this in 2000.
The old shredder, man.
Get out the old Nixon shredder.
The shredder.
Why does somebody people
eat shredded wheat, I wonder?
I can't believe it.
See, there he goes with that food talk again.
I never read you as that crazy about shredded wheat.
Were you?
Well, if the frosted stuff is alright.
I'm just talking about plain old shredded wheat.
What's a, what's like eating grass?
Yeah, oh, here's the fact that says,
I hate to have anybody who's house blown away by a hurricane.
But if it's going to happen,
I really like that old fag-hags
bar-re-bushes house to be blown away.
So we can see you in the assidulm for a good reason.
Yeah, I wonder what she's going to be saying about those people
in Crawford when they have to move like to
Wyoming or somewhere,
about how much better off they are now,
because there were a bunch of sluppers
in the first place, bunch of old cowboys.
It says, hey, George, I love Miami-Velvver.
But isn't it amazing how many right-wing nutjobs
hang out there and other clubs like that,
trapeze?
Really?
Yeah, it's not a fact they have a very valid point.
What a shock, not.
Hypocrites, in fact, the right-wingers,
I've always told you that.
They got the more skeletons in their closet than at the mortuary.
It's just unbelievable.
One set or a deny, I think we're going to go to the parking lot
and just take pictures of all the cars,
but a little fish in the back.
Hypocrite, or MF, it says, oh, OK, MF.
How do you like that?
Right-wingers at Newty joints,
five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60,
it would be kind of like being a gay-agre hoover
into that crowd.
We know they would never do nothing like that.
Not if they were women involved.
QAN, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good, pal.
I'm George too.
Yo, yo.
I think it should be surprised that this
able-danger crap is coming out now
because now that the president's raising the tank,
they're going to bring this out and try and tie Clinton
to this, that this is all the Democrats fall.
Yeah.
I was on your website the other night
and I caught the thing with Ann Colter
putting her foot in her mouth.
I thought that's priceless.
That's a beautiful thing, yeah.
I was surprised that guy didn't put his foot up
her behind, actually.
She saw her.
Yeah, I'll see you in that view of that.
And I wonder, you know, talking about movies.
I don't want to upset this guy,
but have you heard about the gay cowboy movie
that's coming out?
Yes.
It's getting very good buzz and being
talked about as an Oscar.
I saw some discussion about that.
I forget where a couple of days ago.
Yeah, that we're talking about.
How tastefully it's done if I use that expression now.
Yeah, I guess that'll have the right
wingers and raise when it comes out.
Oh, yeah.
There ain't no gay cowboys.
We know better than that.
I sometimes wonder.
And we also know they all ride side-saddle.
Yeah.
You know, they're always claiming that these storms
are God-taken, you know, a revolution.
Yeah.
That's right.
And if God goes right in there through a waco and wacko
and right in the Crawford, what does that tell us, huh?
I wonder what Pat Robertson, what kind of song
are he's going to be singing about that?
How come they don't consider the fact maybe God
has taken a revolution because we've
become a bunch of fascist right wing lunatics?
And God ain't too happy about it.
I'm going to tell you that right now, Mr.
I agree.
Take me home.
Everyone's yours.
Have a good day.
You too.
Bye.
Good day.
Gathering that information.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, he's doing the old Alfred E. Newman thing again.
But that's these doing this smirking chimfer routine again.
Nice going there, George.
You hate it.
How did I get the drink?
Yeah, sure.
Hope I didn't show that story.
I like how he's printed out again.
I want to do that one again.
Do it from the inquire about Bush drinking again.
I mean, you know, the apologists don't
ever believe anything you say anyway,
because he could come and take a dump on their head
and they'd say, oh, boy, that sure smells good.
Do it again.
You know, there's nothing you can tell those people.
They're just oblivious.
They're in denial.
Like Reaper, for example.
What a quizzling.
What you ought to like just kill him, you know what?
What?
Huh?
Just go ahead with that, dude.
Just go ahead and do it.
Now, I think I, uh, Schmidt came to that story.
But I'll, I'll, I'll, there's the one
we could equal $5 gas.
Thank you, Mr. President, if it was low gas prices, man.
You are the, uh, you're the, uh, Messiah.
You're the one we've been looking for.
You are the one like the Vogue said.
Remember the Vogue said that music again.
Cheney's just standing back there
like kind of picking his nose.
It looks like.
And they extend up those obligations.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five.
Let's get a lot of calls in here today.
OK, because we don't want to get Miguel all upset
with these stupid stories.
Oh, I got that one about the bilingual message in the LA Times,
which is kind of like the reverse.
Well, you'll hear it.
You'll see, but it sure fits right in with Florida.
And the fact that just about all the anglers
hate the Cubans and the Cubans hate the weekends
and the Mexicans can't get along with anybody
because whatever there's cotton picking,
or is that great picking?
WQA and hello.
Yeah, I got a real quick, curious story for Neil.
Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, listen, I just got back from Mississippi.
I took about $3,000 of, uh,
hurricane supplies out there.
Good.
I ran across the FEMA distribution center.
Uh-huh.
They had materials and supplies stacked up
like a super wall more.
You just would not believe it.
Yeah.
And as I was driving by, it was a huge sign on front
that says,
pull it was the five o'clock.
LAUGHTER
You probably missed the sign.
It's an outfishing.
I just, I took a lot of pictures on the trip out of the bag.
And I was so dumbfounded where I saw that sign.
I forgot the stamp of picture.
Yeah, well, you can be damn sure that Bush
ain't going to let that happen in Texas this time.
That's his crowd, Mary.
You can be sure that these people are going to get
whatever they want in the next.
Texas Texas and Florida got it made yesterday.
Yeah, as long as we got a bush, the burning bush.
Oh, good job, Polly.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah.
838, we're going to be over,
we might be over 900 votes by one o'clock.
What do you think of that, Mr. Hodgeot?
We will.
Huh?
We will.
838, and I bet you if I refresh that, baby.
It's 843.
They're coming in in chunks today.
Isn't that amazing?
That's probably because they saw it.
They found out the president was drinking again.
And again, real nervous because they realized
he's got his thumb right on it and the button too.
Of all the things that Neil talks about,
which is the least interesting view,
which one just sends you, makes you do wild piles.
843 votes, hockey 230.
These people don't want any hockey talk.
So cut it out, Gildi.
Mr. Hockey voice, the track 164,
gay stuff, 62, whatever the factory, okay?
We want some heterocrap.
Gay.
That's why when I was trying to turn comes out tomorrow,
you'll see it's mostly George,
because this one's got June July August.
And so it's going to go through the roof,
all those young punks,
they want some heteronies.
We're talking about the boobs.
Most 73 speaking of that,
Diet Coke 69, the stock market 53,
inside radio stuff, 37.
Those bed times there is 35, still 4.1%.
The same crowd, the same party poopers.
Politics 28, Amsterdam 22, religion 22.
Yeah, let's hear about the old church
in the red light district in Amsterdam.
Health problems 10, music and movies,
only 70 piece and food only 2, 4.
In fact, I think we're going to make me a brat.
We're just not aware of that.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
It's a good, good, good, good.
Canada, you two bastard.
Okay.
Boy, or should know the city of New Orleans.

Sturves to people in the astradone like cats, oh, while half the national guard was in
Iraq.
He cut funding for their levees, looters called Zane and our team.
In our rubah we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway, for one white girl we drained a lake, and even asked for help from the Navy's seals.
George Bush was vacation alien Crawford.
You fell, I guess next year there'll be no money grow.
Girls gone wild needs, the city of New Orleans.
For the half-chance and their film could afford a-
27-o-1, look at that now.
Did you see that the last thing or you watching CNN and they certainly not news network?
I have.
State line here, best estimate for lampfall is going to be early in the morning.
I see that there's still a lot of color.
Look where it goes after that right through a white girl and then right through Crawford.
You see that?
Right in the Crawford Texas.
Wow.
And the other thing that wanted to is if you saw that big red, the upper blob there and the outer bands,
it is headed, I mean it's terrifying to say, but it's headed directly toward New Orleans.
Ain't it?
It would be.
I mean it is right now.
If they would bring back that picture we're going to the hurricane and we search for a spinning.
And she's spinning it like a drabule.
Man, they're going to have some heavy, heavy-duty storm surge there.
And so the governor again, Kathleen Baxter, Bernie Schwartz, builder burger, she says everybody out.
A bilingual message from Miss Zenaful, this is a column in the LA Times by Andres Martinez.
The Saring Spanish make you twitchy, maybe California, this isn't the place for you.
You could certainly substitute the word Florida, am I right?
Absolutely.
So much for Santa Monica being ground zero for tolerance and progressivism, right Andres.
Recently at a whole foods market, it's self-supposedly a beacon of touchy feedliners.
A woman accused my son Sebastian's babysitter for speaking to him in Spanish.
Incredible.
Sebastian, all of 11 months old, was eyeing some fruit bearing offered for tasting.
So Ursula asked him, can't ace probar.
That's when this perfect stranger, let's call her Miss Zenaful, swooped into and part her hateful ignorance.
You shouldn't speak Spanish to that child.
She said, I'm sure that's not what the parents want.
Candace Trobar.
How about...
Bregum, oh stop.
She is sure, is she?
Such breathtaking impudence, if only I'd been there to give them a piece of my mind, says Andres.
It isn't just that the father of this blonde child happens to be a blonde half Mexican,
or my suspicion that no Zenaful might not have minded so much if Ursula had been speaking to Sebastian in Swedish or German.
What's most disheartening about the incident is how mainstream this woman's views are about the undesirable American kids learning a foreign language.
This isn't a plea for immigrants to go about their business exclusively in their native language.
I'm not somebody who believes that you can be a full member of the American community without speaking English.
Let me say it again.
You can't be a full member of the American community without speaking English, which is why I have crumbs about open-ended bilingual education, says Andres.
I wonder if Andres has related to Andres candor.
But if it's important for immigrants to learn English or to assimilate into our society, it's equally important for all Americans regardless of their ethnicity to be exposed to foreign languages in order to assimilate into the broader world.
And if people like Miss Zenaful think a blonde child's command of English will naturally suffer if he's exposed to a second language, the underestimate the next-terity of a child's mind and human intelligence.
I was raised on race, speaking both English and Spanish, and I sound like what I am, a native speaker of both.
This is no reflection of my abilities.
It's a matter of when I was exposed to languages.
It wasn't until I studied French and Russian later on that I realized what a gift it was to have been exposed to two languages at such an early age.
Go to a country such as the Needle Ones and you encounter an entire population that seems bilingual, or not a trial-ingual, it's rather humbling.
All speak in English in Needle Ones, unless there were the age of 100.
As a matter of fact, the people in business there, they speak a whole bunch of languages. It's kind of a shocking.
But anyway, such as the disdain for foreign languages in this country, many second-generation Americans feel compelled to drop their ancestral language.
When I first came to the U.S. as a student, I was stunned to discover that some of my Mexican-American classmates spoke to Spanish.
In some cases, presumably because of a defensiveness beaten in them by societal pressures, they seemed to resent my expectation that they would, just like George who Spanish is really lame and he admits it.
How about taking a refresher course?
Nothing.
Go to temper pines, it'd be good.
Within the U.S., only Utah seems to sufficiently appreciate the need to encourage multilingualism among native-born kids.
And then has something to do with the Mormon churches need for missionaries.
They like that missionary position in Utah. Utah starts kids in a second language early, makes them stick with it.
Many American schools start just about the time the kids lose their ability to effortlessly pick them up.
Still, it's a good thing that the LA Unified District recently moved to stiff and high school foreign language requirements.
Not so good as they politically correct trended some colleges to consider sign language a foreign language.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh no!
Miss Mazzina Forbes, reacting to Ursula speaking to Sebastian in Spanish, is almost comical given as heritage.
Instead of being outraged, she should have been particularly pleased to see someone she believed not to be Latino learning Spanish.
The notion that it's somehow unpatriotic to encourage blonde toddlers in Santa Monica to speak a second language is not only narrow-minded and provincial, it is itself unpatriotic.
The United States, not unlike the Mormon Church, has a strategic need for multilingual citizens, the nation's need is a matter of economic competitiveness and national security.
We understand this as a society in moments of crisis after the Soviet-Slaunt's spot next-sayer when Washington realized it had a shortage of Arabic translators in the aftermath of 9-11, but we do little about it day in and day out.
I last message to Miss Mazzina Forbes, if the sound of foreign languages and cultural diversity makes you so twitchy, maybe California is not the place for you.
And having you noticed that your city's name is in Spanish.
Oh boy! How do you like that?
What do you say about it?
Oh you were actually asking, I thought it was rhetorical.
Oh no, it's, yeah you're right, it works here everywhere. I wish I could speak Spanish with the kids, but I don't.
You better not, you better not, mister, because then all those good old boys that turned on your ass, all your buddies out there at the swing clubs, man, they're gonna turn on your ass.
Now you're hitting a swing club, look over there, I have that story.
You should see the ethnic breakdown of Miami Velvet just to name one of them.
Yeah. Are you standing in with that perversion?
Yes.
Good. I can't find that story about this place, this joint of their school, they turned it into a swing club.
I want to make sure I got that...
Oh, here it is, I got it.
Leave it to me, see that's why it's always good to keep your pile.
How come I didn't cross the second break? I did do it, didn't I?
Yeah.
Well you never know, when you get to be 110 years old like I am, when you get to be as fever-old coot, 882 we're gonna have overnight and her voice by 1 o'clock.
Josh is just peeing in his pants, he needs to depend, you can't believe it.
And you wanna know what inspired them?
You're great critique on the movie network.
In the end of school converted to swingers club.
Muncie, Indiana, oh man, maybe you'll go up there and check it out with Don.
Residents of a Southwest Muncie neighborhood thought the 110 year old former school with purple doors had been vacant these past 14 months.
So neighbors were surprised to find out that the building, which was last used as a vingo hall, is home to one of Indiana's seven swingers clubs.
They're swinging it.
I thought it was empty to tell you the truth, Mary Neal, who rents a house across in the club told us to our press.
That shocks me, I'm just flooring, there are a lot of kids that walk around here.
Swinging involves having social and sexual intercourse with someone other than a Spotsborg or a Girlfriend, or primarily involves couples.
Well, this is a story from the Boston Globe.
And you know, everything's been banned in Boston.
Those Puritans are still hanging around.
So they have to explain it.
Local Religious leaders are borrowing to shut down these 7200 square foot club laden.
L-A-Y-D-E-N.
Oh man, what club you've been laden?
Same could bring crime into the community and neighbors and city officials are debating whether the residential area is the proper location for a private club.
Marta Moody, I wonder if she's getting a John Moody from Hazel Park.
Marta Moody directly, City County Planning Commission said club laden could violate zoning rules for adult entertainment.
But officials aren't sure whether a facility is operating as a no business, adult business or private club.
City law requires adult businesses to be at least 500 feet from residential areas.
A woman I've identified herself as manager refused to give her name told the A and P that the club and its members were discreet and had received no complaints from neighbors.
The club is open two days a week, has pool tables, a dance floor, a six person hot tub, a multiple shower, and centrally designed theme rooms.
The club is open Friday and Saturday nights and advises members to bring their own alcohol and contraception to the club provide sheets, bathrooms, and locker rooms.
An annual membership cost 25 bucks for couples and single men and 20 bucks for single women.
Members must agree not to identify others or their experiences at the club without permission.
That's what was a bad idea when you talked about taking Bob Green to a swing club.
I was trying to envision that in my mind, I just somehow, I don't know.
Because I really don't think Bob ever really had a f***ing. I could be wrong about that. I don't think he's going.
No comment.
Oh, actually you saw it, huh?
No 184 votes. And then you found out he really was Jewish. Is that what you told me?
No comment.
Bob, yeah, I was thinking about the other day about the really good people I've worked for in a business like Dick Casper and Gary Lawrence and Gary Lawrence and Dick Casper.
885 votes on air. How's music doing? It's got only nine. I'm shocked at that because they always see the people that hate my music, they're gone.
The people that hate the bedtime stories, they're gone.
I think these last three years we've been flondering based on what that guy said before.
Yeah, we're waiting for a week. You know, what do you have?
We're pretty weak. Wait till tomorrow that trend comes out and George has to like tone for it.
This is new Rogers. This is 5.16.Q.A.
You're in.
You're in.
Very soft hands.
Who is this?
Oh, yes, Chuck Mangione.
I heard very little of this song when it came out.
Back then I was humbled by writers, cubicle, and SNL.
John, that Tom Davis used to sneak up behind me and give me a karate camp wedgie.
Oh, that Tom. He was a caution.
So, yes, of course, back to the problem.
Joining us on the Al Franken show will be Tom Olafont and some friends calling in with hilarious set of calls.
Not to mention many very strong breaks because you see a...
902 votes on the pool. He just vanished out. He just disappeared.
Maybe Catherine swooped him out of there.
I never heard her.
Oh, you're lucky.
Yeah, 902 votes already, man. It is just shocking what's going on this pool today.
And the food is on the bottom.
Five votes.
Movies eight, music only nine. See, they don't mind those things.
It's quite of the rumors that some people try to start.
How come we haven't talked about that yet?
Okay, talk about it.
Everybody's seen it.
Yeah.
And the fact that they were able to watch those little TVs on there until shortly before landing, they thought they were going to watch their own demise.
The airliner circled Southern California for hours, crippled by a faulty landing.
You're well inside its cabin.
140 passengers watched their own life and death drum on floating on live TV.
While satellite TV sets aboard JetBlue Flight 2.92 were turned to news broadcast, some passengers cried.
Others tried to telephone well.
There's a woman said a text message to her mother in Florida, Tim McCumperer, and the event she died.
That was Lisa Schiff, who sent a text message to her mother in Miami.
It was very weird.
It would have been so much calmer without the television's Pia Varma, a LA said after the plane skidded to a safe landing last night.
The stream was sparks and burning tires.
Nobody would hurt.
It was an accident, but nobody got hurt.
Varma 23 and other passengers said the plane's monitors carried live direct TV broadcast on the plane's problems until just a few minutes before landing at LAX.
The landing year trouble, the front wheels were stuck in the sideways position, was discovered almost immediately after the plane departed by a home airport in Burbank at 317.
I route to New York.
The Airbus 320 circuit of the Long Beach Airport, about 30 miles, south of Burbank, before being cleared to land at LA.
It stayed in flight for three hours to burn off.
Fuel said FAA spokesman Don Walker.
Zachary Mascoone of New York said it was surreal to watch his plane's vaping discussed on live TV while it was in the air.
At one point he said he'd try to call his family, but his cell phone call wouldn't go through.
I wanted to call my dad and tell him I'm alive so far.
The 27 year old musician said the pilot finally brought the plane down back wheels first.
As he slowly thought, well, I would hope back wheels first when you...
Yeah.
As he slowly lowered the nose gear, the stuck wheels erupted in smoke and flames which quickly burned out.
I'm trying to think of a landing where you'd have the... well, what had it?
I've had some bad landies, but never the nose gear going down first, but nevertheless.
At the end it was the worst because you didn't know if it was going to work if it would catch fire, it was very scary.
Growing men were crying, said Diana Hamilton, 32, a TV graphics specialist.
As the plane was about to touch ground, Hamilton said crew members ordered people to assume a crash position, putting their heads between their knees.
Their own knees that is.
They would yell, brace, brace, brace, he said, I thought this would be it.
Emergency crews from across the area met the plane on the run.
Weaspectators gathered on buildings and stood on park cars to see first hand his passengers walked on the stairway on the tarmac with their carry-on luggage.
Some passengers shook hands with emergency workers and wave to cameras.
One fire fighter carrying a boy across the tarmac put his helmet to the child's chest.
We all cheered, I was bawling, I cried so much, said Christine Lund 25, who was traveling with her cat.
George cries a lot too because he hasn't been bawling so much, but anyway.
Suspects from Edinburgh, Floridadale, more panty-funded cities.
Man accused of hanging panties on cars at park.
And by the way, I did print out that bush, thanks for reminding me about printing out the bush, your booze of Christ's again.
So I can read it again in the last hour.
Not that I want to pile on, yes I do.
Yes I do.
A Wisconsin man upset with the Warsaw Parks Department's fun unusual way to retaliate in Warsaw, Wisconsin.
Police had the man repeatedly hung women's underwear on department vehicles while they were parked for the night.
They said he struck 30.
To 50 times, saying the bras and panties are various sizes on cars.
Police said he admitted doing it after being caught on a videotape.
He told investigators he was upset with the Parks Department because an employee cutting grass at a park
would blow grass out of them while he sat in a gazebo.
Police have referred the case to the DA's office recommending he be charged with disorderly conduct.
Enough of the blow on already up there in Wisconsin, okay?
Critics speaking of that predict Katrina Whitewash.
Oh, you feel believe that, you must be more of that left wing spin-myster propaganda.
US President George W. Bush's appointment with his own Homeland Security Advisor had a White House investigation of what went wrong with the government's Katrina response
and how to fix it.
It has been greeted with some skepticism by emergency preparedness and response experts.
What a shock.
These authorities, many of whom spoke to IPS on condition of an interpressure,
is on condition of anonymity, point out that the president's advisor Francis Townsend has little experience and emergency preparedness and response.
She's a former prosecutor whose recent background is in terrorism-related intelligence.
They also expressed out that anybody in the executive branch of government could produce an objective assessment of itself.
It's kind of like the Fox investigating the chicken coop.
Right.
The idea that anyone in White House might produce a report that inverses the president or holds people accountable is just naive.
One source told IPNS, Dr. Jack Berman, a former assistant secretary of commerce,
and an interview that the only self-incriminating investigation that's considered valid is a plea of guilty as charged,
since that will not be said, considering the Katrina debacle.
The proposed process becomes a Whitewash, released a light gray wash, and will not be seen as credible.
It is a waste of time and money when attention should be paid, how to rectify such incompetence, which requires an independent assessment permit.
But Townsend, a Republican whose gain of reputation is a tough matter career official, might just confound her critics.
We doubt it, but she might. She currently shares the Homeland Security Council reports to the president,
Homeland Security Policy, and matters relating to combating terrorism.
She came from the White House to the White House in the U.S. Coast Guard, where she served as an assistant commander,
Commandant for Intel. She goes out about Brownie Brown and Bobby Brown.
I think we like Bobby Brown, I love her in Brownie Brown.
No question.
In spite of that spindle.
Yeah, speaking of Brown, all these studies, where there is a money coming, who are these people that waste their time doing all these studies?
Men are dirtier than women.
So scientists confirmed by spying in public restrooms watching as a quarter man left without washing their hands.
The worst offenders were in Atlanta Braves baseball game.
Well, I think it is.
In contrast, 90% of the women did wash up.
Wednesday's results marked the American Society of Microbiology's latest look at how many people take what's considered a single easier step to staying healthy,
spending 20 seconds rubbing with soap out of the faucet, under the ferro faucet.
Let me say it again. When you go in to take a one, an Uno, there's...
If you're going to wash it all, wash first before you touch your goods.
Those of you who come out, you know, who wash after taking an Uno, there's something wrong with that.
Unless you got a real dirty f***ing thing.
You don't agree with that, do you?
We had this discussion, though.
Many times. I just don't understand that.
Of course, if you're doing the old dues, well, it's...
That's George Linger, there are ACE dues trace.
What do you do after you do a trace?
It also explains why these infection experts tend to use paper towels to open bathroom doors.
There's no telling what germs the person before you left on the knob.
Oh, always take a seat. What kind of germs are on your knob, especially at the bathhouse?
Oh, God. It's a gamble, said microbiologists, due to daily a primary children's medical center in Salt Lake City.
Back in the 1960s, the society first studied how often people follow mom's advice to always wash up after using the turlid.
Researchers,, and public restrooms. Oh, yeah. Researchers, my ass.
Putting on makeup or coating their hair while surreptitiously counting.
They concluded that about 30 people did not wash.
Let me tell you about those people who hang around in public restrooms, yay!
This is Mule Rogers. This is 5.69 am.
Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon!
The first time I've seen this, I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this. I've seen this.
The Committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
the committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of making the conservative
pio gameteos
schky
m
m
m
m
was decided after Roberts refused to fully answer questions from her and other Democrats
in this confirmation hearing last week. I know as little about what your Roberts really
thought about issues after the hearings as I did before the hearing, this makes it very
hard for me to find some and abortion rights supporter. I cannot in good conscience cast
a yay vote. He said, I will cast a...
No, I vote. Biden, who's just Biden this time, Democratic Delaware, said he'd made a mistake
in voting to confirm Justice Antonin Scalia, who will vote an answering question to his
confirmation hearing and won't vote for Roberts either. All the committees, ten Republicans
voted to confirm the nominee. What a surprise, but Senator Orrin Hatch calling him
the best nominees ever seen. I can tell he's as good as it gets, Hatch said. And here
my'm garing probably would agree.
I on city 17, foot seawall, likely to be taught.
Where's your morning? Where's that?
All right, David Madeline, you're there by the 17 foot seawall in Galveston, one thing you
can check with you, David. Meanwhile, we want to take you straight to a news conference
that's happening right now. The governor of a lawyer.
The governor of a blackhead.
South of I-10 must evacuate and you should be leaving now.
Off a lot of evacuating to be going on down there, you know what? And a lot of it in the
water. Play that sound effect.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, we can't get a choice for that one yet.
Yeah. 939 votes on a pool. A spectacular response.
I think we hit the mother load as Diana Parkinson said in network and I'm sure John should
have sleep into that part.
Yeah, right about there.
Are they young, that Atlanta?
And she throws the phone up the year. I think we struck the mother load. She was so good
in faith, don't we? 940 vote. You like faith, don't we?
I did.
Yeah, but Josh is such a faith, don't we?
He's got her mounted on the fireplace.
Oh, picture.
Taki, 255. The track hundreds of all the things Neil talks about. The least interesting
view.
Hockey, 255. Forget about hockey, okay? We loved up panthers, but don't talk about
them. The track, 176, gaced up 90. No more, no more this baggery, okay? I'm Mr.
Macho from this day forward, okay? I'm going to butcher up instead of faithway and I'm
going to be more like a Marion Wayne.
Mo 84, don't be talking about Mo. We're just sick and you know something they got tired
of it about the same time I did. Burned out. All of that fit was great. Yeah, I loved
it.
Diet talks 79. No more diets. Let's just eat, get fat and die, okay? Oh, and I forgot
to put on my brow hair.
Still let me forget about a quarter to two. Stick it on there on my flavor wave. The
stock market 56 as in how many dollars you got left after your investments 56 bucks,
just like Q 56. Inside radio stuff only 42. See, the lower these numbers get, that means
the more interest they are. You following that, right? Those bedtime stories only 40, that's
4.2%. It's the same 4% all the way through. Oh, I hate that. You know, the time jickered
crowd. Well, turn out something else get lost because it's not going to stop. I'm going
to continue. I'm going to continue doing what I like doing. I'm doing the neorogical.
And if anybody else don't like it, hey, see that's always been my attitude as opposed
to, you know, I'm taking this poll because it's a poll because we got it. Not because I'm
looking for all the like I said, the top two or three there, obviously I'm not a fool,
not a total fool. Well, politics, look how many politics got only 30, 30 votes they want
to hear it. They want to hear that bush bashing. They want to hear the truth. They want
to hear it. In fact, they got Bob Herbert voters be more son and bush. I got that here in
a second. Oh, I got the gate couples protests. Well, we better not read that one. It's got
it. It's been a gate. Yeah, story. Might have to bury that one. Amsterdam only 25 in
religion, 25. How about religion? Amsterdam, all those churches. One thing about Europe,
man, they got all those big massive churches there. Every city's got a dome, a Duelmo,
a Dama, De Louise, health problems, 14 music only 12. So lamented. Do say very good.
Oh, you're going to get that lady upset that. Wow. Movies eight season California with
Arnold and food only six. So music movies and food there. That's the show. There it is.
And maybe want some of our religion to Amsterdam praying, getting on your knees and Amsterdam
and praying or whatever. 950 votes. I am so I just came to the scrap. Like human hungry
with them. Please, this punch in Judy Bob Herbert who writes in the New York Times says,
voters be more son bush. And don't let me forget about Bush's booze crisis again. I
am going to show that's bad. That's really bad. No, we don't have people listening all
four hours. And it's such a shocking and it's in the inquiries. So it actually might
be true. It was supposed to like if it wasn't the local fish wrappers or like if we're
now, what about the thing with the Palm Beach Post? Did we check that thing out? No. No.
Well, Josh was all gone. Hold there. But we always get the Palm Beach Post deliver right
here. Might have that. You have it. No, we don't. But I know that Howard's broadcasting
from WFA in studio from the fan. Oh, oh, hanging out with I. Wow. He's hanging out with
him. Who? I'm isn't I miss on this. Hey, not with I miss. Well, there's a couple of
daughtering old clans, but you see there you go again. You started me again with that
mobile. So no, no, no, no, no, you crusty old. He's at the fan. Hmm. I wonder if I'm
stuffed any gum over for him. Maybe just maybe Bob Herbert writes the public is beginning
to see through the toxic fog of fantasy propaganda and deliverments representation that has been
such a hallmark of the George W. Bush administration, which is endangered being judged by history
as one of the worst of all time. Absolutely. Correct. Mr. Bush's approval ratings have
tanked as increasing numbers of Americans worry that their president seems to like nothing
better than running off to his range to clear brush and write his bike may not be up
to the job. The most recent New York Times CBS news poll strongly indicated that the public
tired of the war without end in Iraq and dismayed by the federal response to the catastrophe
in the Orleans has growing doubts about the president's capacity deal with pressing problems.
A USA Today CNN Gallup poll found for the first time that a majority of Americans do not
see Mr. Bush as a strong decisive leader. In an article in USA Today, Carol Dourty of
the nonpartisan Pew Research Center said of Mr. Bush, he's lost ground among independence.
He seems to be starting to lose ground among his own party and he lost the Democrats
a long time ago. Reality is cave in on the president who was held a law for so long
by a combination of ideological mumbo jumbo, the public relations led to the main of
Carl Rove and the point patriotism that followed those 9-11 attacks. The Bush people were
never big on reality so sooner or later they were bound to be blindsided by it sooner or
later. Remember there was always a war going on when Katrina came to call. I've always
believed that war is a serious matter but the president was on vacation, Dick Cheney
was on vacation and Condi Rice was here in New York taking in the sights and shopping
for shoes. That Americans were fighting and dying on foreign soil was not enough to
amend their full attention they were busy having fun so it's no wonder it took a good
long while before they noticed that a whole section of America had been wiped out in
a calamity of biblical proportions. But Americans are finally catching on to as the uttering
competence of this crowd and if we didn't know before we're learning now in the harshest
possible ways then incompetence has bitter consequences as we QA have learned. The body
kind of Americans killed in Iraq has now passed 1900 with many more deaths to come but
there's still no strategy, no plan. The White House hasn't got the slightest clue about
what to do so the dying will continue. Mr. Bush's top gun moment of order the aircraft
carrier Abe Lincoln was two and a half years ago another example of the president fantasy
land. The war was a botch from the beginning. Mr. Bush never said enough troops to get
the job done and he never provided enough armor to protect the troops that he did send.
Thin skinned the president get rid of anybody who had the temerity to suggest he might
be wrong about some of the decisions he was making. Here at home even loyal Republicans
are beginning to bail out on Mr. Bush's fiendish willingness to shove the monumental cost
of the federal government's operations including his wars, tax cuts and his promised reconstruction
to Gulf Coast out of the unsuspecting backs of generations still to come. There's a
general sense now that things are falling apart. The economy was already faltering before
Katrina. Gas prices are starting to undermine the standard living of some Americans and
a full blown home heating oil crisis could erupt as winter. The administration's awful
response to the agony of the Gulf Coast is not North Americans believing that we're
not prepared to cope with a large terrorist attack and Osama is still at large. This is
what happens when voters choose a president because he seems like a nice guy like someone
would be funded a barbecue or a ballgame. You never use that criterion when choosing
a surgeon or a pilot to fight your family across the country. Mr. Bush will be at the helm
of the shift of state for three more years so we have no choice but to hang on. But the
next time around voters need to keep in mind that beyond the incisiting the amring about
left and right big government and small Democrats and Republicans is a more immediate issue
and that's competence. Oh competence what's that? Good question as we've been wondering
a long time here at QAM. I will say the audio wall has been working all day. Let's
hear it. The engineering maybe they're the best. One day in a row. They are sensational.
113 at 560 WQAM, Mo from the fan in the arcade to a clock ramp on Mo. How did you sleep last
night? The recent national survey by the National Sleep Foundation. Few of the half Americans
reporting a good night sleep most nights. And one of the primary reasons is because they
don't have a comfortable supportive mattress like a great new Simmons V duress queen set
from our good friends at Dalmatris. This Simmons V duress features individually pocketed
coils so you won't feel your partner moving during the night. Now price at just 599 bucks.
This is for a limited time only so pick up that phone and call 1-800-Mattress right now
and tell me what they're a knee old deal that Simmons V duress at just 599 plus a portion
of every Dalmatris purchase is being donated to her cane-contrined relief. When you call
1-800-Mattress you still get same data delivery all across North Florida. You'll choose
from the deepest selection. You still pick the date into our window for the Liberty
Fit Your Schedule and of course Dalmatris shows up on time almost every time 99.7% of the
time. I've been using them for years and if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy you ought
to be doing the same. Just pick up that phone and make that easy call or logon to mattress.com.
Give Dalmatris a call right now and have a great sleep tonight. As soon as tonight I'll
create a new bed from Dalmatris 1-800-Mattress 1-800-MATTRES. Leave off the last as because
it stands for Sensational Stoo Penders Saving.
This is Neil Rogers. This is by 162A10.
This dirt.
Absolutely.
Boost your Responsibility after Michael Brown resigned. I bet you've ran the second
thoughts about taking it in the behind where was FEMA broken.
Let these FEMA wasn't aware inside.
FEMA!
Even with warning, FEMA's boss wasn't bright when the storm was over water was everywhere.
But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there.
Baby FEMA.
No bit of contact.
They went to Haliburton.
FEMA!
Responsible quickly when it's rich people hurt them.
Absolutely.
When it's rich people hurt them.
FEMA!
I'm looking at the Sun Central.
They've got a nice infrared satellite image of Rita.
They've already had some rain and blubs spattering off of the outer bands.
But the outer bands are really close already.
I don't understand.
They just had a rapid port on there again from the National Hurricane Center.
He's been talking about Houston and this and that and the Astros and other going to win the pennant.
In the meantime, we have bigger fish to fry right now.
Those outer bands, we're talking tropical storm force winds and tons of rain.
Those levees are going to be able to hold it.
This is why the mayor of babbling a babano was on a before Blanco.
What a perfect neighbor.
I don't know if you've ever heard of Blanco.
What's the difference between years of Blanco?
We know some people like that.
Anyway, those outer bands, I don't know.
I'm not the known weather guy.
I'm just taking a look at it and don't look too inspiring.
Wrong woman pays child support to Peterson mistress.
The former mistress of convicted murderer Scott Peterson is back in the spotlight after a DNA test show that her first child was not a masculine child.
First child should be a masculine child.
Remember that? That was so great.
Luca. Well, at least Josh like Godfather.
Who doesn't?
Okay. No, I've known there.
We tried that once. Remember George? We did that quite a while ago.
Everyone's in a while. I'll run into the pool.
And came to find out that we had a few sour pushes out there.
No matter what it is, Godfather sucked. That was bad.
No matter what you like, they don't like it.
There's always a few contrarians out there. That's their life just to be a negatory.
You could bring them like a banana split with sprinkles on it.
I don't like that. Too much vanilla in there.
Which is true. If you have a banana split, don't have any vanilla ice cream.
Oh, there he goes again with that.
See, I'll talk about that.
How's food doing on the pool? Food is down near the bottom, isn't it?
Are they bottom feeding?
Yeah, food's on the bottom. 973.
Kind of like that yogurt where they have the trout on the bottom.
Fruit on the bottom.
Anyway, Anthony Flores 29 has been paying fry 175 bucks a month for nearly four years.
And Chris is attorney Glenn Wilson's idea today.
The father of the four-year-old is actually Fresno restaurant owner Christopher Funch.
How do you like that?
He's a restaurant owner. Christopher Funch. Let's go for lunch.
What do you think?
He's going to have to pay her a bunch of funds.
No one answered the telephone.
And at Porky's rib house yesterday, and Funch did not have a listed home number.
Don't get porky about it now, Mr. Funch.
Wilson said Flores was preparing to file a court motion seeking visitation rights,
which has been denied. When the man received word last week, he's not the child's father.
Well, he's your got around, you know what? What a lot. Yes, he is.
Fry's attorney, Gloria Allred, said Wednesday that her client never intended to see Flores.
Amber and Goodfathers always believed that Mr. Flores, whether their child's father, Allred, said.
Oh, yeah. Just like Pork Cassie believes that's really what's your name's baby on guiding light.
What's your name? Diane. Diane. Diana.
Nothing going to be finer than get rid of Diana. And the Richard's trying to do it.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? See that?
That's the part of the show that I enjoyed most.
Fry a message therapist from Fresno was a Peterson's mistress when he killed his pregnant wife, Lacey.
Well, it was going well.
We can put that missing chicken in a rubah.
And then of course they got somebody in a Virginia. Now some missing chick somewhere.
It's my favorite recipe.
So tired of that crap, man.
Just after you take care of Robert Grieper, take care of Rita Crosby for me, please.
Call up Pat Robertson and take him out for dinner.
We just take him out. As Hurricane Rita, but I don't have, I better get to this bush thing,
because otherwise I'll forget you know me. How do you know? Don't forget that bush thing.
This is breaking news. It says from the National Enquirer.
Did we put this on the website yet or not?
Josh. What's the headline? What's the bush's booze crisis by Jennifer Loose and Don Jim Teal?
Or is that Gentile?
I sent it to you this morning. So you probably didn't put it on there.
Yeah, I should put it. If you put it on there now, not that I want to put fresher on you, but you better damn well do it.
But take a look at those bands, man.
Look at that. The rubber bands.
No, seriously, taking a look at the bands from the Hurricane, those outer, the big red blobs, huge blobs.
And you know that they're very, the bands whip up those winds, those storm surges.
Nasty is all hell.
They're going to start licking the Orleans, anyway.
Oh my god, and the Levy's are going to be looking for their home in touch in some place else.
I'll tell you that because it's, I don't know why they're not talking more about that.
Because that's some really nasty stuff. And yeah, it's not like you're taking the direct hit for them.
Thank goodness for that. It's the last thing they need, but nevertheless at any rate, bushes, booze, Christ.
This it'll be on the website today or else Josh won't be in tomorrow.
Face with the biggest crisis of his political life, President Bush has hit the bottle again.
The National Enquirer can reveal.
I think I better do the break, which will also give me kind of the stick it on there, right?
Yes. No, because I don't want to want to rush.
No, no, no, no. I don't want to rush through it. I want to read it very carefully.
I want to let everybody know that things are just fine.
Okay. Oh, we're fine.
We've got people dying in Iraq. We got all these national emergencies horrendous weather.
We got global warming. We got all kinds of people dying all over the place.
We got $5 a gallon gas, potentially on the horizon.
We got wonderful stuff going on. And your president, when the tough gets go on,
the president gets the bottle when it go and gets tough.
Yeah, I'm looking at those. In fact, even look at the Florida there on the west coast.
I think Tampa may get obliterated.
Oh, we might have some people listening in Tampa. We just can't.
We don't like you very much, but we know.
No, we like the people we just don't like the city.
How's that deli doing in Tampa? They still in business? No.
Dota 26 after one. How many Jews in Tampa?
About 30 men.
26 after one at 560 WQ.
And we got Mo from New York from the fan at the two grandpa Mo.
Here's your very last chance to save yourself thousands on a brand new Ford from Armstrong, Florida homestead.
They've always like I tell you every day treated everybody just like family.
And right now they would like to extend an offer to you to join their family.
Ford Nationally has extended their Ford family plan offered through September the 30th.
And right now as I speak at Armstrong, Florida homestead, you can get the same grade pricing that every Ford motor company employee and their families begin.
Not only do you get employee family pricing, but you also get Armstrong Ford's exclusive tires and batteries for life program.
And for a limited time of day in New Car purchase, you get a color TV free.
How could you possibly turn all of this down? Pick up that phone right now and call 305 247 51 12 and ask for our buddy David Rich.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford any place.
No bait and switch. No phony deals.
And this fantastical offers available only at Armstrong, Florida homestead where they always treat you like family.
Armstrong, Florida homestead located in US 1 Southwest 307 street just 20 minutes south of the 836.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford any price, Austin time town. So why waste the time?
Check them on the web, armstrongcars.com and then give David a call at 305 247 51 12.
I'll tell you all about the Ford family plan. Drive just a few miles extra to save yourself thousands of dollars at Armstrong, Florida homestead.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QA.
Love's Neil Rogers.
That's absolutely.
She's finally fully here now.
Looks like the bike road guy.
Now start the tiny roll ball.
Far from the Shack's body fell and I spools over ice knocked out.
It happened when she realized she raised more criminal clouds.
The big marker for Shack's body fell behind.
She said she was just me, old and crafty.
And she raised more price with Shack's face, with the trousers and took some bricks to hide.
A wider set day was so much.
It was like he's carrying a golden ball between her thighs and eyes.
The body fell behind.
She said it means a lot.
As if she was riding.
She went away when she saw.
The purple Shack's body fell behind.
She said it means a lot.
The body fell behind.
She said it means a lot.
The body fell behind.
This is a great idea.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm not sure for anything.
We're not going to push it.
I'm thinking about pushing it.
If you could see some of these things I read, you have to have them on Palamart telescope.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
I'm going to be the thousandth.
Oh my gosh.
The storm is heading to an even larger part of our refining capacity than the warlings of Mississippi Bush be saying.
That's your fat ass governor Bush not to be confused with his dumb ass brother.
People need to recognize this is a national problem.
This is not a state problem Bush said.
We all need to play our part.
Meanwhile, Bush said that among the one point family in evacuees are his parents.
That's why I play that good.
His parents, Houston resident, former president, George Herbert Walker Bush and his wife Barbara.
Darrop and Washington, Governor Bush said the fat ass governor their house is all boarded up.
That's right. They're not going to stick around.
They're not going to wait for the big blow.
How come if it's not good enough for all those wonderful people who are so much better off than they were before?
Well, I guess the Bushes would not be better off.
I guess that's it, huh? Right.
It would be really great not to have to evacuate.
2007, we might just do that 1100.
I don't know if this audience might come true for us.
Anyway, here's that story.
Bush's booze crisis.
It's in the national inquiry by Jennifer loose and Don Jim Teal.
Faced with the biggest crisis of his political life president, Bush has hit the bottle again.
The national inquiry can reveal Bush who said he quit drinking the morning after his 40th birthday.
It started boozing amid the Katrina Kutzenstrophy.
Family sources have told how the 59-year-old president was caught by First Lady Laura,
downing a shot of booze at their family ranch in Crawford, Texas when he learned that the hurricane disaster.
His worried wife, the out of them, stop, George.
Following the shocking incident, this pose here for the first time.
Laura privately warned her husband against falling off the wagon and filed a travel with him more.
So often that she can, with more often so she can keep an eye on W, the sources add.
When the Libby's broke into Orleans, it apparently made him reach for shots at one insider.
He poured himself a Texasized shot of St. Whiskey and tossed it back.
The first lady was shocked and shouted, stop, George.
Shock, George. Laura gave him an ultimatum before it's Jim B. or me.
She doesn't want to replay that nightmare especially now when it's such tough going for a hubby.
Bush was under the worst pressure of his two terms in office and his popularity is near an all-time low.
As we know, how low can he go?
The handling of the Katrina Crises and troop losses in Iraq if you were public discontent and pushed Bush back to drink.
A Washington source said the sad fact is that he's been sneaking drinks for a week now,
weeks now. Laura may have only just caught him, but the word is his drink has been going on for a while in the capital.
He's been in a pressure cooker for months.
The war in Iraq, the loss of American lives has deeply affected him.
He takes every soldier's life personally. It's left him emotionally drained.
The result is he's taking drinks here and there and likely in private to cope.
And now with the worst of Mr. Crises and his administration over Katrina, your prey is drinking doesn't go out of control.
Are you praying?
Another source said, I'm only surprised to hear that he hadn't taken a shot sooner.
Before Katrina, he was at his withs end. I've known him for years. He's been a good old Texas boy forever.
George had a drinking problem for years that most professionals would say needed therapy.
He doesn't believe in therapy. He never got it.
He drank his way through his youth through college and well into his thirties.
Everybody around him is drinking.
Another source said, a family member told me they fear George's falling apart.
The first lady's been assigned the job of a thing gatekeeper.
Bush has history of drinking dates back to his youth, speaking of his time as a young man in the National Guardia said,
one thing I remember and I'm most proud of is my drinking and partying.
Those were the days my friends, those were the good old days.
At age 26 in 1972, he reportedly rounded off and I was boozing with a 16 year old brother Marvin by challenging his father to a fight.
November 1st 2000, even his first presidential election, Bush acknowledged that in 1976, he was erected for driving out of influence of booze,
due his parents' home in Maine, age 30 at the time.
Bush pleaded guilty and paid $150 fine as driving privileges were temporarily suspended in Maine.
I'm not proud of that. He said, I made some mistakes. I occasionally drank too much and I did that night.
I learned my lesson.
Another interview with that time, he said, well, I don't think I had an addiction.
You know, it's hard for me to say, I've had friends who were very addicted and they required hitting bottom to start going to AA.
I don't think I would, that was my case.
He had to go to AA, you know, which AA, not alcoholics anonymous, but A-holes anonymous.
Where do they meet here? During in Crawford.
During his 2000 presidential campaign, there were also persistent questions about past cocaine use.
Eventually, Bush denied using cocaine after 1992, then quickly extended the cocaine free period back to 74 when he was 28.
Dr. Justin Frank, a Washington DC psychiatrist and author of Bush on the couch, inside mind of the president told the National Inquirer,
I do think that Bush is drinking again. Alcoholics who are not in any program like a president have a hard time when stress gets to be too great.
I think it's a concern, he says that Bush disappears during times of stress.
He spent so much time on his ranch. It's very frightening, if a doctor says, how do you like their maples?
Roar, you're always fiddling and Georgia is losing while overburdening.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
Dilkable, if they don't come, any better than Todd Keller.
New one, the WB, from the creators of Supernatural, Pamela Anderson stars in Super, but not natural.
Are those things real? I don't know that's a big one.
I'm really excited because I've always wanted to have my breath in natural television, so I can do it.
I'm a baby child's child with a day child, I'm a baby, I'm big.
I can go, how do you drop five grand on your jug to keep under wraps?
Like if we use it to make a waterland and it's a huge, beautification device that's attached to our chest?
Super, but not natural.
I'm getting big, big, big, crisp, thicker bass homes in Silicon Valley.
They're dying to see you and your giant means to lose.
I caught the hard bass track, though.
145, so anyway, this is pretty interesting, missing from I mean new times.
I'm not going to read it, but about WFTLE-50 was once an oasis of local talk.
Now it's just another haven for hate rights Bob Norman, whoever that is.
And of course, Norman Elliott can't eat no longer on there on E-50.
Now let's see, isn't that the station where all are?
I hope that they're really proud up there, a PD Lenny and Tommy Dennenberg and Bob Eisenberg.
Isn't that the station where they're working out E-50, FPL?
I don't know. I do believe.
And now I've only been having nothing but right wing hate on there all day.
Neal Boertz and Kelly Mitchell and of course Bill O'Reilly.
And not to mention the worst of all and Michael Savage,
who got tossed off MSNBC for telling a caller that he was a Sodomite and should die of AIDS.
Stuff like that.
Anyway, the article, in Miami, New Times, pick it up and read about what they've done.
That's how desperate they are up there. Right wing and hate.
Sick, bigoted nasty hate. That's 850 on the dial.
I hope that all their sponsors are real proud of the crap that they're putting on.
Bigotry and hate. 24-7-050. That's how desperate they are to try to find an audience.
Lovely. Well, it worked for Fox, I guess. They might figure it worse for them.
Finally, now, finally. And I do mean finally. They get into it.
New Orleans Rain raises new flooding fears.
Haven't I been taught a squawk at about that all day since like 9 this morning?
Yeah, since before the show, when I'm we were talking about this.
We were confabulating. Outer bands of rain from Hurricane Rita began falling in New Orleans.
The forecasted between three and five inches of rainfall in the coming days.
Rain fears that the patched levy system could fail and flood the city all over again.
A direct hit from Rita was still unlikely.
And by the way, Hurricane I was a category four. It's not 150 mile hour winds out of a cat four.
But still keep in mind what Katrina came on. Sure, it was a cat four.
But anyway, the storm veered on more northerly course toward a Saturday, landfall in Texas.
That put New Orleans on the eastern edge of tropical storm warning.
Rita's rains and predicted three to four foot storm surge could bring New Orleans dangerously close to predictions.
That the fractured levies can handle only up to six inches of rain and the storm surge of 10 to 12 feet.
And they're saying didn't a mere bone hit and she say like 20 foot the surge they're looking for their boats.
Right now it's a wait and see and hope for the best at Army Corps of Engineers spokesman Mitch Fraser.
He added that the new forecast brought renewed urgency,
the efforts to shore up levies with sandbags and bringing more portable pumps.
Maybe the one that the judge was using out of the as robes they can bring that one in.
Slightly used. Yeah. Today's showers with the first measurable rainfall in New Orleans.
And since Hurricane Katrina's August one, landfall broke the levies in several places and flooded 80% of the city.
Only spotty showers of falling at mid-morning, but forecast.
You said there could be brief periods of heavy downpours as Rita's outer squad bands moved through,
which is what I've been saying all freaking day. I know nothing.
But unless you're deaf, dumb and blind, you can see it.
Fraser said the biggest concern was the storm surge, which the National Hurricane Center will be three to four feet above normal in parts of Louisiana.
Mississippi affected by Katrina, but a slight turn could increase that dramatically.
A title surge of 15 to 20 feet was expected from Corpus Christi Texas to South Central Louisiana.
Is that kind of like Luc Christi? And don't be a lightning strikes when you least expect it.
Oh boy.
They're saying a 10 to 12 foot surge was required to overtake the levies at 17th Street and London Canal in New Orleans.
But neighboring St. Bernard Parissa surge at five to six feet was all that was needed to swamp the area again.
If the levies fail again, the areas of New Orleans that are most likely to flood are the same neighborhoods in native by Katrina,
many of which have been driver less than a week.
If it's a quick fast rain, then we'll see localized flooding, Fraser said there is no doubt about that.
The process of they're getting the water from Katrina was nearly complete with only about 10% of the city still flooded.
And the course confident it'll be able to quickly pump it out again. If of course all this other stuff doesn't materialize a pronto.
Searchers continued looking for bodies in homes that have been locked or submerged under Katrina's highest flood water is pushing the overall body count past 1000.
That's all in Louisiana still is 799 increase of 153 since the weekend nearly 80% of the 136 deaths attributed to Katrina across the Gulf Coast region are in Louisiana.
Officials said the body search could last another four to six weeks and put the yield many more dead.
There still could be quite a few especially in the deepest flooded area said US Coast Guard captain Jeffrey Pettit.
Some of the houses they haven't even looked in yet. Mark Hyman, a FEMA field spokesman said the searches will continue.
But officials were keeping close eye on the weather. Special reconnaissance teams are looking for solid buildings and solid buildings.
Rock solid in such areas in case rest we would need to rush to higher ground.
Don't know but they sure haven't been talking about this very much but like I said you take a look at that and you say to yourself.
Oh my god.
Oh boy. I've battened down the old hatches and hit for natches and get there a lot of there.
Now some of us stubborn see this is the thing stubborn people that stay behind I know we're supposed to be sympathetic for everybody and value human life.
But as they have no value on their own human life and they're that stupid why don't we be all bent out of shape about it right?
They had that going on during Mount St. Helens remember there were people that wouldn't go in the water.
I mean I can understand that people that are disabled the people that but this time they're getting everybody out right away so that we don't have that embarrassing disaster again.
But I can understand that they don't have the ability to get out but the bottom line is if they do and they're just sitting around to be stubborn and stupid.
If I had the ability to say maybe Alice and Alice Bennett is under all of that is drowning over there.
Wonder whatever happened. Oh that's right he's on scare America.
Remember Norma told me that he walked out of that studio in New York and there was Alice Bennett sitting there.
Mm-hmm.
Would that same a ball hit it stupid look.
151 at QAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
We're the diner.
Jim K. Lass.
Wonder Moe.
Nobody can keep it.
Good day. Thank you. Please be seated.
I want to remind people that who might be listening that this administration is a group of frustrated,
desperate people who kill innocent life.
And Americans out of view it as such.
And now I'd be glad to take some of your questions.
Jerry wants you to start.
Thank you Mr. President.
As you know New Orleans has destroyed thousands of dead and countless families are now homeless.
I'd like to get your thoughts on this overwhelming problem.
Oh we don't have a problem. Let's ignore it.
Sir, might I remind you that you have a responsibility as a commander in chief to step up and act on the people's behalf?
Okay, here's what I intend to do about it.
Uh, Fanny.
Thank you sir.
I'm curious if you're worried that your poor handling of Hurricane Katrina will lead to your downfall in Washington DC.
I don't worry about anything here in Washington DC.
I mean, I feel comfortable in my role as the president and my role in the president is to push terrible disease in order to destroy life.
And I have made my position very clear on that issue.
David.
Thank you Mr. President.
Thousands of strikers remain stranded in New Orleans surrounded by raw sewage and without food.
What is your administration proposing they eat?
No, no.
Beauty.
Listen, thank you all for coming out and joining us.
No problem at all. Okay. Any time of photo op. It's 158.
Mo was coming up next from the fan in New York grandpa Mo, 1047 votes today.
See, it's a good thing we didn't push for a load 100. Do you want to know why?
Why?
Because when you set the bar to high, then you have to keep like topping it and topping it.
You know what I say?
I know.
My altitude now is if there we get a thousand votes during the show in any pool, we're kicking serious ass.
You know what I'm saying?
We're doing just fine.
As in all we're fine.
Anyway, of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the least interesting to you, hockey.
I mean, make no mistake about it. This is not a hockey town.
Hockey, we're in Ishtagin's trying to go about hockey.
281, that's what the Chinese say.
What do they know about it?
Have you ever seen any Chinese hockey players?
Yeah, you got to tell me that.
Actually, there was a, I think Japanese in any of my Michael Park, Pat, and I think there's a new one.
New what?
A new Japanese hockey player, not that you mentioned.
How do you know that?
I read the story about it.
Hockey, stop with a hockey talk.
281, the track 195, gay stuff, 97, gay.
No more fagory.
Mo 96, no more.
Dietog 88, the stock market 58, inside radio stuff, only 47.
See, those bedtime stories, only 42, down to 4%.
Even, they actually love them.
Politics 32, religion 28, Amsterdam 25, health problem 16, music only 15, over doing a whole bunch of music shows.
Not movies 8 and food only 7.
And I never reminded me to put that damn broadcast on there.
Damn, oh hey, don't forget that broadcast.
Okay, let me go heat up my meat.
Anyway, we got the mole mice you're coming up next.
Ram Pomo from the fan in New York.
Bye, bye, bye.
