That was right.
I was going to talk to you about something.
The steakhouse at the Seminole Casino.
I ate there a couple weeks ago. It is really good.
How can you never mention Christine Lee's?
I got this back yesterday from Brian Ling, who says he's not Chinese.
Maybe he's a panda bear.
The Lingling?
Yes.
Christine Lee's is great.
I don't need a lot of steak there.
It says you and Jimmy the Greek used to come in at least twice a week over the years.
He says Hank still goes there but never mentions it.
I go there a lot.
Yeah.
So why don't you ever mention it?
I don't know.
Damn it.
It's good.
I like it.
By the way, now do you hear the outcome on Ruth's Chris?
Yeah.
We're both wrong.
Well, I'm sneaking high school.
There's no ifspots or rants that are right from their website.
If you're going to be that much of a hard ass today,
and like the people that Ruth's Chris don't know where the name came from,
it didn't come from her son or her husband.
You know, I don't know where the name came from.
Let me just tell you what the story was.
Because I used to go there a lot in the 70s.
Okay.
The place was called Chris' steakhouse.
She bought it.
Right.
She was married.
She got divorced.
You know, as part of the...
She got divorced before she bought it.
She didn't.
And part of the deal with it.
It's on the website.
She got divorced long before she bought the restaurant.
She bought the restaurant with her 22 last 22 grand.
She morgue to the house.
Hey, the story that they told in the warlands in the 70s.
I don't care about what they told me.
When I used to hang out and go out.
When I used to go to the warlands and I used to eat there a lot.
And the deal was...
I'll make there a bunch of liars in the room.
When she opened it.
Well, maybe it was a local rumor.
But when she moved to the other place,
she had to change the name because...
She didn't want the ex-husband to share in any of the...
No, the profits.
That was part of the settlement.
The deal she had when she bought Chris' steakhouse was that,
as long as she kept it in the same location,
she could keep the same name.
There was a fire.
She had to move it to another location.
And so she called it Ruth's Chris' steakhouse.
Now, you think about that.
Why would she, if there was a fire,
and she moved to another location?
Why would she have to change the name?
I just got through telling it because it was in the contract
when she bought the restaurant.
And if she kept it in the same location,
she could keep the name.
But if she ever moved to another location,
she couldn't keep the same name.
I'm telling you, it was part of the war.
And I know it.
I'm not full of it.
I'm telling you what I'm told.
I'm not full of it.
I'm not full of it.
I'm not full of it.
I'm telling you what I'm told.
I'm not full of it.
I'm telling you what I'm told.
I'm not full of it.
I'm telling you what I'm told.
I'm not full of it.
I'm telling you what I'm told.
Well, that's what slot machines are.
Well, of course they are, but it's all timing, man.
It's whatever luck time you get.
Walk in and there's one machine open there that always kills me.
And I sit down.
I got no choice.
And but I'm being.
I just went and I think I have a question for you.
Yes.
Since they said no slot machines in date County voted it down.
Right.
How can the Micah Sookies ask for slot machines based on the law
that what exists in the...
Because, you know, the fact that this seminal is
and the Micah, well, especially the seminals are asking for this.
I got that story, but the fact that they're doing this,
I mean, you talk about a bunch of hypocrites.
These are the people that put up almost $6 million to lie and scare the
daylights out of the people of the state of Florida back in November.
And now they're, well, you know, monkey see monkey do they got it.
We wanted to, which, you know, they're entitled to get it.
See, it's the state constitution.
Whatever forms are gambling are prohibited by the state constitution.
So first of all, County, if I can.
But no, I don't really don't think so.
I think I'm not sure, but I think with the Indians it's the state.
So if the state allows any form of gambling anywhere in the state,
I believe that legally they're going to get it.
Oh, I'm sure they were.
They ought to get it.
They deserve to get defo back.
Boy, oh boy.
But isn't that unbelievable?
The ads that they put on the year, oh, it's going to destroy our family.
Tourism and the images are floored in the crime.
You know, I mean, it's one thing if you go to a fine restaurant and you want a good meal.
But if you want all the food in the restaurant, they call you as the Chinese say,
a hazard.
And that's exactly what the, the set in the right.
Yeah.
You know, I would just like Josh Cortes yesterday eating 16 steaks or whatever you have.
I heard that.
Is that he's taking the food in?
Boy, what a pig.
But yeah, I was good.
Well, how many steaks are going to be delivered here today?
None, pizzas today.
We're doing pizza.
Are you doing pizza?
Yeah.
Oh, this will be good.
Yeah, we'll be good.
Now, these pizzas still are right.
It's all right.
It's the best.
That's been here a long time.
Yeah.
It's still great.
Yeah.
The only good place in North Miami is the one over on, you're right.
I am having a senior moment.
Yes, you are.
You know, Mario, the baker.
Mario, the baker.
Thank you very much.
Maybe it's my sharp data because I had a winning date with my yesterday.
Mary, now there used to be a place called North Miami by Dixie Highway.
There was a Taco Bell on one side and on the other side was, there was also a
Mario's or a Mario of the baker and it was like another one.
A couple of great, but I don't think they're there anymore.
No, they're not.
I know what you're talking about.
Changing hoods, yeah.
What about the place we used to get it from on a 79th Street Causeway?
Top of Johns?
No.
The one that used to deliver to the station all the time.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Flores.
Flores.
How soon we forget?
I wonder if they're still open because I know they changed management and we had them
on the air for a while.
But of course, we don't keep anybody.
I heard you talking something about the sales department before and I just wanted to start screaming.
Boy, they are just, you know, this week alone, you know how many great leads we've
with all these food shows we're doing?
Yeah, we'll see how high orders.
Yeah, well, yeah, the orders are going to start pouring in right as the big zero.
Kansas City State House used to be a sponsor by the way, that for all the food yesterday.
We'll see how soon they come back.
Kansas City State House, that's the place in Davie.
Yeah.
I'll tell you who else I put on the map was Armadillo Cafe.
Yes, I remember.
Great place.
I was there not too long, about two years ago.
Right.
The one over there by the piece of law.
Yep.
It was very good.
Good stuff.
I'll tell you another place you put on the map.
Melding pot.
That's correct.
Well, there's Alan Dushiewicz's case and the legislature conceived.
Yeah, now our fat ass governor, you wouldn't know because you'll get on the air, but now our fat ass governor
was urging the legislature to do this and pass along that these people will not stop no matter what the public opinion is no matter what the courts say they will not stop.
And they just want to stick that to you wherever the hell they can.
Yep, hard to put.
Can't handle it.
It's a one in our program director trying to make up for last week's aberrant behavior by him and his senior boyfriend there.
He comes in this morning.
You guess who they will got lined up if I want to guess on the show?
I'm going to say yes.
Talk about a senior moment.
Let's twist again like we did a chubby chubby checker.
Now just because I mentioned chubby checker when we did the show about who belongs in a rock and roll whole of fame which he's not in there and he does belong.
Can you imagine?
I said, that's like we're going to be like the Gulf Stream Park of radio.
Maybe we can get Gary Puckett on this too, you know.
Ernest Evans.
What are these thick airs?
Now, isn't that song about a minute and a half long?
The twist?
No, the stay by Marie Oh, Marie 70.
So Marie's will you?
No, I said Ernest Evans.
I was told he checkers real name.
How about Marie's Williams and stay?
A minute and twenty-three seconds long.
Just a little bit longer.
Yeah.
Well listen, we're in a lot today.
We're going to have a positive attitude.
I got real lucky yesterday.
I had a nice, a big fat wide in my pocket.
I've got a two day remote in a Bahamas.
Like I said, not in this.
Yeah.
Yeah, can we leave it at that?
Let's leave it right there.
Thank you.
Kick some serious ass.
Say how to Pete Rose too, by the way, for us.
Oh, Pete.
And say how to Ruth's.
Chris.
Let's see.
Right.
Oh, what a heartache.
It is a long, a trade, new idiot.
Whoever told you that you could work with men,
what's your higher form?
Just to help us.
Does that seem clear to help us?
To help men who are going out there
to try to earn a living,
your company man, your ferry?
In the sixties, it was the twist.
It was a single baby,
but the same thing was a baby,
so it's got to shout.
In the seventies, it was disco.
In the eighties, it was MGV.
And okay.
In the nineties, it was success.
And now the latest craze sweeping the nation is mouth breathing.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
but he don't want, for whatever reason you don't want to talk about it. And number two, he, he, he, he, he, have you ever encountered somebody who just will not listen to the facts? What is wrong with him? The, the Ruth's Chris, I mean, what do I care where the name came from? It's just, but if you're going to talk about at least get it right, hey, he's sticking to his story.
Hey, well, he's sticking your story. I'll write that I'll stick to my story. She had a son named Chris. She named, she named the restaurant after Chris ever. She was a big tennis fan. How's that? That's how a good story. I just made it up. Ruth's Chris.
Listen, it was in the past or maybe, maybe they misspelled the sign and maybe it was, maybe she was very religious and it was Ruth's Christ. I don't know. What do you think?
Could be. Let's see. It says you think Tweedle D in Tweedle D.
You're, you're buddy, Bill and four Lauderdales giving a little shot there this morning on this facts. You think Tweedle D in Tweedle Dump can spell this selection for the poll. Mike's pizza in Kendall.
Well, Josh is working on it right now. Josh is probably got his blood sugar up to about 800 already. Anyway, just thinking about those carbs that are coming in. I bet you there'll be some pies coming in. Do you think?
Bill was nothing earlier because that's what I was talking about. We went a lot of pizza coming in day for Miguel and for Josh. Josh wants to clear out all that steak that will clog up his arteries and his colon.
So we need some of that good grease on the pizza. See, Kizolese is really outstanding. The only problem like I always said they need the oil change.
They need to work on that tube a little bit. Maybe they ought to get an applicator.
That would do it. At Kizolese. Ever had Kizolese? Yep. Very good. But I mean the oil is just dripping from it. In fact, you have to wear like, practically like one of those bibs when you eat the raw.
This is seriously otherwise your shirt is just looks like you've been running 80 miles in the heat. So anyway, we'll look at that first Joyce Burman.
Burman, how do you say it? Burman? Burman? B-E-H-R-M-E-N or is it bare man? The picture is sure of bare man. She's got our B-D curtain. If you're already aged about 100, if you have parental permission, if you're a rational person who does not listen to Marilyn Manson music then.
I'm so sick and tired of that crap, Manages. There are things, maybe we'll do that pull one of these days again very soon. What are you just? I can't handle it no more. You know what I mean?
Between every time we have another one of these abrant shootings and I remember the land of guns. It's like, oh well he listened to Marilyn Manson and he wore a black trench coat. He was part of the trench coat mafia and he, you know, the same old crap.
Crazy people and kids with guns everywhere you look at this gun. Guns are good. You know, everything else is bad in evil. Marilyn Manson is the anti-craze, but guns are good.
Joyce Burman, anyway, she was born October 31st 1975, which makes her almost...
Not third man?
Not quite. She was playboy cyber girl of the week, third week of May in 2001 and her filmography consists of Sulemente Uno, WildWebGirls.com 1999.
Where she plays herself. Also known as playboyswildwebgirls.com.
So there you go. That's what she's on. It looks pretty good to me. Joyce is picking out some good pictures this week.
See when George is there, he gives me all the stiffs and he saves the good pictures for when he's on. Have you ever noticed that? No, that's true.
You know, and then he figures out, look at the websites. He, wow, look at all the hits we got today with George on there. It's because he's putting 800...
No, he's not fooling anybody. I've been around a block a few times. I mean, if we just want to put 6,000 naked pictures on here, we can get 80 billion hits too. I understand what that's all about.
We're not interested in running some kind of perverted pornographic website, are we?
Oh, well, sure why not. 1013 at 560 W.D.C.E. We got the results of yesterday's stake pool, which I noticed Kansas City's stake house got a lot of action there, like I predicted there in the afternoon and evening and overnight hours when zooming up there.
George sent us on the exhaust of this morning. He must have been working on that, even though you've denied that you even voted, right?
Right. Can't buy him that easy, which is 5 stakes.
Hey, I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Caldain. In fact, he wants some ribs on Friday. For all you guys from Kansas City, what is it?
Kansas City's stake house and baby, he'd like to have some ribs on Friday. You know what you said? I hear it's already given.
Chicken and ribs and whatever else they go, whatever you got, he'll take it. I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Caldain, though the main man in acceptance capital mortgage.
So before you call any other mortgage company, please do yourself a favor. Let the main man tell you what you don't know.
Did you know that most banks only work with free, different mortgage products? And if your credit is less than absolutely perfect.
Absolutely. You're ready to hear the most famous, the most discouraging, too-letter word in the English language.
No. No, that's the word. If you're not working with the right lender, chances for getting approved are only 50-fifty.
So do yourself a big, a humongous favor. Call right now. Tool free, 1-884-83 loan.
That's 1-884-83 loan. Let the main man in this team put you into a mortgage and meet your needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender or maybe being turned down because you called the wrong number. Call the main man, Anthony Caldain, or an acceptance capital mortgage today.
Tool free, 1-884-83 loan. Be sure and tell him that Chubby Tech or Tordid to call. That's 1-884-83 loan.
So every time they close a loan, a person is donated to kids in distress. Why call anybody else? Avoid the bait and swish call the main man, Anthony Caldain, or today at 1-888-483-LON.
No. Yo, man, what's up with you? Got some a sparkle. Hey, Vixen, the portal star. Hey, how you doing?
What it would be in this ex-rated film? Guys or girls? Both. Are those breasts real or fake? Both. You want to have sex with Peter North or Ron Jeremy first?
Hmm, both. Will you need a thousand dollars or two thousand dollars for seeing? Both. You want cheese or meat on your pizza? Both. I am a meat lover.
I am in the mood for a hot slice of pie myself. Pizza Slut. Could even Slut eat pizza.
I am sure that at 10-18, back in the day we were doing those surveys and which guy is hotter and also back in the day when they were younger than they are right now.
If I were to ask Josh Cordis, who is the better looking guy, Peter North or Ron Jeremy, he would have said, Peter North.
Okay. So, that day that the Al Goldstein brought, Ron Jeremy and the building, and there were certain individuals in the building just hyperventilating.
I just wanted to gang. It's a good thing there was no food in there that day. Well, I guess there must have been a foul was around. God. Ron Jeremy, hey Ron, I hope you're listening, Ron. You are disgusting.
I mean, congratulations to you, but man. Anyway, here's the fact that says, near you are the man, please put casolas. See, I haven't even given yesterday's results yet. We're already moving on to the pizza thing to pie.
Because why? Because we love to eat. We're much of pigs, man. All we want is that man. Don't lie to me. Most of you are just like me. You wish we had a pill that you could take before eating.
And if body wouldn't absorb any of the, you know, just enough to stay alive. That's it. Like Terry Shiveau in a permanent vegetative state.
And you just wouldn't absorb the calories and the carbs and all that, artery clogging stuff. And you could just eat mons, your mons, your mons, you know what I'm saying?
And like every day about 6 p.m. take a big VM. And then that would kind of like, when did that flush it out? See? Wouldn't that be great? That'd be awesome.
Yeah. Then you just know when to be at the right place and take care of business and then go on with life. Be sensational. What kind of God invents this kind of garbage? What kind of God invents diarrhea?
Oh, by the way, Miguel was telling me that he ate a place that's number one on our pizza pool right now. The other day and they still haven't lost it, man. That's an extra bonus.
Too bad Jeff doesn't like us anymore. You know what he probably bring us from Chow Jeff Cohen hates us now. I think that was a skipping and Berkeley combined to do that.
Although don't worry about that. It was Berkeley. Huh? It was your fault. Yes, me because I'm a bastard. That's okay. Jeff, we understand. Here's one that says Neil Udemyan. Please put casolas off US one in Miami on their C.A.S.O. LA. Got it?
So their pizza is great and huge portions. This is from Andre and West. Andre the giant because eats a lot of the big pizza and Tony O's in Broward Miramar Parkway by Perry Middle School and Tony O's got it.
Got it. Yes. Yes. Oh, he's working feverishly on. This is in the state. Now I got to be honest with you. I don't think I ever had pizza in Tampa or in Orlando or in two egg or in Panama City or in Pensacola. God forbid.
You know, you know, in the other stuff we did last couple of days, there were restaurants all around the state for steak houses and for a tight. But not Jacksonville. Well, no, but stop and think about that for an area of that size. You think that they're maybe just maybe there might be a good restaurant.
There are some kind, but I would only the answer is no. No, I mean, it's big, but there's nothing there. Yeah. Now there's something there. All right. A bunch of Yahoo's. Oh boy.
And a bunch of dark folks that still are like, you know, they keep trying to prevent them from voting every chance they get the best steakhouse in Florida is 1533 votes. Yes. Today not too bad.
Roots Chris, no matter how it got the name, the result is still the same. Great meat. 346 votes for roots. Chris, especially the one here in the Hilton Hotel in Toronto. Oh, man, it's good.
Burns, steakhouse in Tampa to 26 Kansas City State House. And we thank them again for all the free food. But I'm really a little bit suspicious about this. Kansas City State House in Davie came from nowhere to third place, even surpassing Shulas.
I bet you the brainstems not too pleased about that. Kansas City State House 160. Shulas 162 out back 114. I do love to walk about super down back steakhouse.
Never have that. No, you never did. What is it? They call walk about soup. Well, that, you know, Australian thing. But it's like a cheese soup. A light cheese soup with onions in it. You know, big, I mean, like big onion. So kind of like a French onion. No, no, no, no, no. No, like with big strips of onions in it. Oh, man, it's so good. Try that next time you go there next time.
I'm Clarence. Take you there. I may be Hankel take you there. Maybe Hankel take you to Christine Lee's Morton 72 Smith and Walenski 66 Capitol Grill 55 Christie's 40 in the Gables, the Palm 32 New York Prime 29, although more.
Don't do too happy about that because they charge in there Chuck's 28 the rain dancer 22 the Okachoby steakhouse and Charlie's each had 18 the original steakhouse 15 McGuire's Irish pub in Pensacola 12. See what I mean? I mean Pensacola. You can't get much further away from us in, you know, in the state and that. And they had a dozen. What?
Good spring break. I just bring great parties out there. Jackson's 11 now. Now that kind of call I don't even want to go into it. Nickelsons Farmhouse, Town of Hasse 11 Del Frisco's 10 Bernice 10. That's Bernie Kosaar. My good close personal buddy. We bought the pants. He's the only one.
Like a child overgrown child. And by the way, Bernie, you suck when you're playing. Goucher with it's you nine prime 112 nine Christine Lee's nine. Hankel eats there a lot. By the way, I won't tell you about it.
The black orchid seven the butcher shop six the parrots six loss of police has six. When to a little bit surprised that he was such a hardass about that Ruth Christ or this one.
He just don't make mistakes to Humper. Fino's top house for Gotham City for on raised. I mean, how can you go on national TV and have a whole bunch of wrong picks, which everybody makes wrong picks.
But how can you do that and say that you don't ever make mistakes? Humper Gotham City for on raised three council oak three. Gregory's one.
Barrymore's one and that was a lot of good meat. Steve's pizza on biscuit and 123rd is the best says of somebody here. Second best John the Baker and Pember find the whole on there.
Oh man. Do I remember back in those days of the Godfather's the real Godfather. I mean, we got that one in the Hesse station. Maybe they'll bring us some stuff. They brought food in the station a couple of times.
And maybe you won't get anything. Maybe we'll get shut out with you. Be very embarrassing. I'm sure that Brad from Tony's to be delighted to bring out always as he always is right. Right. Good guy. Good guy. Very good food. Excellent. Yes.
Pizza law is kicking ass so far. Look at that. Of course, that's our crowd. We put Jeff on the map. We made him a lot of money. Then he turned on us because Berkeley's an idiot ends and the skipping pizza law 54. He don't need us anymore. The sound those 12 little seizures 12 pizza hot 12. Oh wow. My inside is starting to ache.
Frankie's 11 Godfather's 9. See they they were when the original Godfathers were around. Well, how how could you now like that? God, that's so good. Do you ever have it? Yes. Am I right? It's great. Oh man. See, it's it's a different kind of pizza. It's not that Chicago's stuff. We were talking about yesterday. Like we used to have my pie and pizza. We all know they were all over town and they vanished. But in Chicago, where's that still a number one? Right. But it's it was a different kind of.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
It's a-
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, my husband said he money should get to pay Nieuw-8000, if he said he me be from somewhere near Chennai. Maybe he was short.
I swear I should not be very good at cheating.
You can select from a menu of movie burgers,
simple fries and a bottomless mug of fermented goat milk.
Paul and I she had like atmosphere that never slows down.
And do not forget to tell them about the TV's everywhere.
With none stop football games,
yak wrestling and camel-humping.
camel-humping, you know what you do on your own time.
You should be keeping to yourself, Mr.
and when you are there try this on.
Case of God, ladder planter.
It's a gift from Ala to be sure.
But that's it for me.
Where are you going, I'm it?
I am going to the ESDM zone.
1045 at QA and we got Mohawar David
at the 2.
Mad dog 4 to 65,
because at 655 it's UAM baseball at FIU
with Joseph Gacchi and the Beast Joe Azean
and Eddie Caps of the baseball game.
Flores is still there.
How do you like that?
That's good.
Let's get that on there right away, please.
Flores.
Flores?
FF.
Oh my God, here we are back again to
what was that one of the other day,
Fulios.
Remember that?
Fulios.
That was excellent.
That was excellent.
How many of them you've been here all time best?
FLORA, am I not enunciating?
Am I not articulating?
Am I not saying?
That's not a lie.
Flora.
How would you spell Flora as in Flora and Fauna?
Yeah, I got it.
FLORA apostrophe S.
Flores pizzas 79th in this game.
So it's still great for their freeers as any.
Thank you Eddie.
I just want to know if they're still there.
Because if they are, man, that's good stuff.
Flores.
Excellent.
I feel it.
Well, if it's the same as used to be,
which I'm sure it is.
They also were sponsored for about five minutes.
Now, they were sponsored for years at the IOD.
Long time.
Used to bring us pizza all the time, Flores.
Now, have you guys got any pizzas yet or what?
No.
Well, why not?
Why is that?
I mean, we got steaks yesterday,
which is so much harder to cook and transport.
And by the way, how did it,
I guess it came out okay?
Because the steak doesn't travel well.
I don't know what you mean.
Huh?
Everything was just fine, you're straight.
No, no, but you know what I'm saying?
Steak is not one of those things that travels well
because you cook it.
And then by the time you put it in the thing
and you transport it, it just doesn't.
And like pasta, pasta doesn't travel well.
Pizza travels great.
Worked out just fine.
Well, you can't go to plates.
Don't get emotional about it now.
Okay, I realize it was a big feast.
The price was right.
It was probably made you day.
You probably had a lot of time to sit and contemplate
the lifeline stand on the throne.
But anyway,
Pizzeria Blue in South Miami, it says,
the best in crust pizza in South Florida,
the best pizza ever anywhere,
he says at Pizano in Vienna, Austria, of all places.
How do you like that?
The worst ever was in Piza, Italy.
So if you want good pizza, don't go to Piza
because you'll get pieced off.
Piza, Italy.
I heard it leans a little bit, you know.
It's kind of life-sided.
So there you go, we got Pizzeria Blue in South Miami.
Got it?
Good.
Let's see, after losing two consecutive appeals
in federal court, Terry Shabo is parents vowed
that they'd take their fight to the US Supreme Court
as their severely brain damaged daughter began her fifth full day
without the feeding tube that has kept her life
for more than a decade.
In a two-to-one ruling early,
the A-panel of the 11 circuit court of appeals in Atlanta said,
the parents failed to demonstrate a substantial case
on the merits of any of their claims
that Terry's feeding tube should be reinserted immediately.
There is no denying the absolute tragedy
that has been fought before, and Mrs. Shabo,
the ruling said, we all have our own family,
our own loved ones, our own children.
However, we're called upon to make a collective
objective decision concerning a question of law.
In his dissent, Judge Charles R. Wilson said,
Shabo's imminent death would end
the case before it could be fully considered.
In fact, I failed to see any harm in reinserting
the feeding tube he wrote.
And appeal was still pending in the 11 circuit court
of appeals, some of the Shabo's right to do process
was violated.
And then of course, if they don't get their way there
or regardless of which way that in the full court,
then they go to the supreme.
Now, the supreme court's already twice refuted to hear this.
They don't want none to do with it.
I just mentioned that in passing.
They've left it to the states.
As it should be, not all conservatives
are happy with the decision by Congress
and President Bush to intervene in the Terry Shabo case.
Some leaders said yesterday the new law
allowing a federal court review of the case
is an example of the big government
they've always opposed.
Didn't I just say that yesterday?
Yep.
Yeah.
You know, that website from Ruth Chris,
by the way, half of the time it's wrong.
What was he talking about?
Speaking of pizza, I think he was a little bit
cheese-off on that.
Let's see, vetoes in Papano and Coral Springs
is bobbed for Lauderdale Vitos.
They used to be a really great vetoes
right there in North Miami Beach,
right across from where the unicorn
used to be and they're both gone.
That was a sponsor of Hanxagli and mine vetoes.
Remember that?
No.
Yeah, you do 163rd Street in North Miami Beach.
Right.
In fact, you're right, Kitty Corner,
a crispy cream doughnuts.
You know, the original crispy cream there?
Yes.
And would the ham and eggries right next to it?
Well, right around the corner used to be
vetoes on the other cross of street
and unicorn was down the street.
Okay.
And they're both gone.
Changing hoods for the pool,
here's the fact that I haven't even taken any calls on this yet.
We'll have a thousand pizza joints for the pool.
Frank goes pizza in North Miami Beach.
Frank, the owner has been in business for over 20 years.
Real Italian pizza that's so good, it's a sin.
It's open 18 hours a day and the pizza is always great.
Also tell Josh that mommy velvet has a
buy-night on Fridays.
Phil says I figure I'll have a better time
and feel more comfortable.
Now, what's he trying to say?
He tried to send you a message like Joey Zaza.
You fair.
Come on, Phil, cut the crap.
We got a match over,
oh, he was a little more match over before.
He ate five steaks in one day.
I kind of like loosen them up a little bit
in more ways than what I'm sure.
Can you stay tough?
Just relax.
Okay, just come to it.
Look, if you're going to have to take some crap,
if you're going to get all this good free food, right?
Hey, and the big bucks that go along with it.
That's right.
Oh, so what I'm here for.
Not all conservatives are happy.
They simply say the culture of life or whatever you call it means
that we don't have to pay attention.
The principles of federalism or separation of powers
is certainly not a conservative viewpoint.
Said the anxious representative,
former representative Bob Barr of Joja,
with a little Hitler mustache, she's got.
Alan Lickman, who chairs the history department
at American University in Washington,
said the intervention in Congress
invoiced to try to overturn the system by Shabo's husband,
not to prolong her life,
is the antithesis of several conservative principles.
It contrasts a lot of what those behind it say they believe,
the sanctity of the family,
the sacred bond between husband and wife,
the ability of all of us to make private decisions
without the hand of the government intervening,
deference to the states and localities
as opposed to the centralized government,
Lickman B. Saini, of course, happens to be.
Absolutely correct.
Gosh dang it.
Okay, let's get some calls now.
Best pizza in Florida.
We've only got about 7,500 of Monter,
and believe you me,
if we don't have some pizzas in there by noon today,
I'm going to really feel we're like,
they've let us down.
Don't you?
Sure.
Won't you be depressed and feel like,
we're just, you know, small potatoes now?
I remember when we used to be, you're like,
WQAM, hello.
2AM.
Lickman B. Saini.
Going once.
Hey, Neil, sorry.
Don't be so.
Did you hear about the big controversy with Florida C.S.
What is that?
Oh, man, she called one of her African American patrons
and ran her.
Okay, great.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can I have a napole?
Give her a hug.
Okay.
Pizza, uh, place.
Remember, yes, the other day,
you had the restaurant, uh,
Mato Ramos.
All right.
Mato Ramos.
Mato Ramos.
Place right next door to that,
called Pizza Rooster,
an open park.
I heard that.
I've heard that.
That's great.
Oh, yeah.
Rooster, uh,
are you STICA?
Pizza Rooster guy.
I hear it's great.
You got it.
Okay, thanks, Valley.
5670560,
prom 560, and they've arrived in singular wireless lines.
Always good to start with some Ojrán provocaturi,
and I was great to start the day that way.
70 QAM, hello.
Neil, uh, Frankie,
Pete, uh,
Bird Road in Miami.
Yes, it's very good.
Got it.
Can I get you an over or another?
Go ahead.
Uh, Pogies,
Southwest A3,
before the fricco.
How you spell that?
T-E-T-R-O-A-T-I-E-S-E-A-S-E-P-L-E.
Pogie, you like Pogie?
Exactly.
L'Ovitan.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, thank you.
Pogies, you got it?
I wonder if they're kidding.
Like, Pogfokes,
oh, I sure like that red soup and white soup.
But Pogfokes and M. Chitlins.
Oh, boy.
Ah, they're still in business, huh?
Pogfokes?
I'm sure in the deep south,
there's always a market for a place like Pogfokes.
I'm sure.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey Jeff, Neil.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, it's not Bob Ciery.
What is it?
Neil.
Speak to me, sir.
Speak to me.
I don't know about that guy.
I don't know about that guy.
I was talking about floors before,
but they are out of business.
Yeah.
Well, I think it was up to,
it was just recently,
maybe within the last two weeks.
Floor is out of business.
It's called Fiora, now.
I mean, it just happened within the last two weeks.
Oh, no.
Because it used to be my favorite joint, too, man.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, but I got one for Paul, though.
Yeah.
Hotsobi.
What else?
I'll speak hotsobi, H-O-T-S-O-B-E.
Hotsobi.
It's O-B-E, isn't it?
Oh, boy.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pallee.
Hotsobi, you got it?
It's time to be wanted.
Let's not take floors off of there
until we find out definitively.
I don't want to say this guy,
you know, maybe full of it,
but full of you, but right or full of you.
We don't want to get full-yield.
Yeah.
Because, you know, that website is wrong half the time,
do you know that?
Yeah.
That's what I hear.
I thought he was going to have a stroke
or something this morning.
What was wrong with the Humper?
He was like,
I'm such a child over, you know.
I don't care how many times they told those stories.
I heard the story also about her son, I mean,
in time, but I know it's wrong.
That's all.
You know, it's wrong.
I mean, it's one thing if you pick the,
you know, the winner of a football game
and you're wrong and you're like,
adamant and you guarantee everybody
you'll fit their life on it.
That's one thing.
But I mean, the name of a restaurant,
how the name got named,
why would we want to be such hard-assers about that, huh?
Why would we want to do that, Humper?
You know what I'm saying?
Hey, stupid, see.
How he's taking him personal.
5670560,
pound 561, even Ryzen and Singular Rylus line.
Nobody's going to catch pizza off
that they don't look like does it.
They're just off in a league of their own.
And that's thanks to me, by the way.
How many QAAM, hello?
Nino.
Yes, sir.
Espositos across from
Tauri shops on university drive,
by 595.
Cross from the Tauri shops.
Yeah.
On university drive at 595,
Espositos, never heard of it.
All right, it's a little place.
It's not got the,
it's just kind of a walk in place,
but it's got good pizza,
good New York style pizza.
Excellent.
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right, hey, got a quick one.
Oh, too late.
Now, see, he had a question,
damn it, too late.
I got that quick finger, you know.
I wonder if they have a New York pizza
in New York, New York, in Vegas.
Check that out next time you go there.
I know they've got that
breastlers or whatever it is.
Put them up, shakes.
Is that what they got?
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah.
See, you don't even know what they got in there.
You like it, but so when you go back there in May,
I want you to like, you know,
be a little more Pacific.
I'm a little more
drinkin' than I am eatin'
when I'm there.
Oh, is that it?
Yeah.
No.
Wow.
Let's see,
Lou Melnottis in Chicago.
And what is that?
In Chicago.
And the poll question is,
what is the best pizza in Florida?
And here comes this guy.
Who is this guy?
Who is this?
Tom.
Hey, Tom, guess what?
Tom and Boca, oh well,
Tom has played too much golf up there.
I'm real happy for his time.
We'll see you in the loop.
I think maybe Tom is a little bit
looped in the South this morning.
Yeah, let's see what's the best pizza in the world.
We'll do that one of these days.
Not.
I'll tell you right now, it's a S-S
is an area to place it's in Rome.
Rome.
Oh, man, real thin crust.
Mmm, man, j'amanda.
1057 at 560 WQM, even after all this time,
after all of our hard work,
there's still some of you just don't get the message.
You're still a little bit queasy
about buying a bit over the phone.
Don't be queasy at all.
Because when you call 1-800-MACRIS,
the number for dial-MacRIS,
you'll find out they've got the most
liberal exchange policy,
so there's absolutely no risk,
even if you're a conservative.
Did you know that 1-800-MACRIS
has got more repeat customers than anybody else in the industry?
So once you try it, I guarantee I will bet
the Water Nazis life on it.
You'll never go back to a showroom
or one of those betting their department stores again.
You'll get no nonsense, no run-arounds,
no showroom shenanigans, just factory direct prices,
the best on the best brands you know and love.
When you call 1-800-MACRIS,
you'll be calling the company rank number one
in the World of Custard and Satisfaction,
even in a piece that they love it.
They carry Celi,
Certa, Simmons, King Coral, Temple Peter,
and Stern's Anne, bananas Foster.
And now that the Alimatris offers no payments
or interest until 2006,
till next year for crying out loud.
Call the Alimatris toll free 1-800-MACRIS for all the details.
As I've been telling you, I've used them for years.
As has Mo, George, Miguel,
thank for a lot of other QAimmers.
Call 1-800-MACRIS right now,
or log onto their website,
www.macris.com
for the best sleep you've ever had in your life.
If your mattress is lumpy and bumpy,
you feel it when you wake up in the morning.
So you're going to great nights sleep
by making one easy call 1-800-MATTRES.
You'll see the new Roger's Life Correter on 5-6-6-MACRIS.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being shopped
of bricks by a finely-honed meat-caver.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred
into a big pot of chili.
Brains, real food for real people.
She was touched by the hand of bush.
And now, through the miracle of political healing,
Terry Shiveall celebrates her newly-sun life,
and she invites you to join this celebration
with her new video, Shiveall's Eye.
She said,
lay down like this and do it every day.
Follow Terry's cardiovascular regimen
to enhance your co-votinolids,
whatever the hell they're doing.
Uh-oh, Terry needs her cube.
Oh, yeah.
I'll look out for the cube.
It's 11.03.05.
Six-year-old is just like playing it.
I can say that.
Open over again.
Cube.
Or even applicator cube.
Maybe rush out to try it.
Breath home.
It's 11.03.05.60 W-D-Q-Y-M.
The way to hear this story,
this one will set you free.
Okay.
Daniel Beach, 10 years of stovetop,
duty-of-lifit-little-bit-chard-and-discord,
but Diana Dyson says this humble skillet
gave birth to a miracle.
The highly publicized Virgin Mary
grilled cheese sandwich, remember that?
Dyson 52 will sow the sandwich last year for $28,000.
Hope to repeat that success with a skillet.
She has it listed on the Internet Auction Site eBay,
where the topic yesterday was 152.50.
But Dyson's confidence you'll get hundreds
even thousands more.
I'm not so willing for 152.
She said, it won't go for that.
It's going to go a high.
And guess what, Diana?
From what you're talking, I think maybe you're a little.
Dyson, a jewelry designer, hopes golden palace.com
and online gambling concern based in Antigua
will buy the frying pan.
The company bought the Virgin Mary sandwich
in November and displayed it at Casinos
locally and in Las Vegas.
It goes with the cheese.
It really does, she said, the pan.
Dyson made the sandwich white thread from public
and land-o-lakes American cheese 10 years ago for breakfast.
After taking a bite from the diagonally cut sandwich,
you notice what looked like a woman
with cascading hair on the cinched bread.
She concluded it was the Virgin Mary
since her lucky gambling had improved.
Well, I must have had the Virgin Mary in my pocket yesterday
it would buy, and you know what?
Damn it.
Guess so.
Our surfer painted loser.
After placing the curiosity in nest of cotton balls
and a plastic box and keeping it on a shelf for a decade,
she decided to auction off.
She drew national attention,
summa-serious and spawned a cottage industry
of Virgin Mary grilled cheese sped-offs.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Yeah.
And now it's the Seventh and Steve Fowls skillet's turn.
Biddingle clothes on the black pan shortly after three this afternoon, begging your
beds in, 13 beds have been registered as of last night. To me it's more
special than the Virgin Mary if that's possible, vice versa, the skillet. That's
what I cooked it in and if it wasn't for that there would be no Virgin Mary.
You know that? No. Without that T-Fal skillet, even Ron Popeelor can't match up to
that. Here's a fact that says, best peets and candle, poppa picolos. Piccolo.
Piccolo. Piccolo. Piccolo. Got it. Poppa piccolo's. PICCOLO. I remember piccolo's
restaurant on Ami Beach years ago but we don't want to reminisce about
restaurants that have been there for hundreds of years. Well that was really good.
Oh boy. New York style pizza in Kings Creek. Poppa piccolo's got it and
Kindle. Have you ever seen Ron Jeremy in standband Gummy in the same room he
says in conclusion? Dick Chan, I see. Yeah. Okay. I'm not gonna read that. I'm not gonna
read that perverted stuff there. What's your name? But thank you anyway. Oh God
bad news for all you Pope worshippers out there. For all you people that are big
and a guy's in old men in a dress. Talk about needing a real serious.
Cute. Oh see they're not telling you this but here's the real Emma's as they say
in Ferenza. The Emma's Pope John Paul II is vomiting, suffering strong headaches
and not responding well to his medications and attending news agency before
the yesterday but the Pontiff's Chief Doctor dismissed speculation that the
Pope will be hospitalized again. The apt-com news agency quoting unnamed sources
also reported that John Paul aka dead man in a chair were suffering from
overall weaknesses he recovered from surgery to ease a breathing crisis. He's
doing a lot of. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I can't. And occasionally. I'm dying on the
end. One of those no hospitalization of John Paul the tooth is planned the answer
news agency quoted. Preity is saying Dr. Radolfo Preity. The Vatican confirmed
Tuesday that John Paul would will not hold his traditional audience today although
it wasn't known and now what is today or he just does it on Wednesday and
something like today is some like Easter I know we got good Friday on Friday
and Easter Sunday on Sunday. Yes and I'm not working Friday just because I'm
gonna be Catholic. If I can if I can work on you I'm Kipper I might as well take
similar to stay off right. Right. So there you go he's puking his guts out
suffering bad headaches but other than he's a good shape let's hear it for the
Pope. Old us you know farting a dress. About that you're traveling what's
today. Next the rush is right. The White House has been careful since this
process has started to make it. Yeah they've been real careful. 5 6 7 0 5 6
so your fat ass governor is at it again they just will not let this drop man they
want to squeeze every ounce of political energy they can get out of this
thing. They're squeezing it really hard. Here's line 9 they probably want to see
if I'm gonna take their call. Q. I.m. Hi just want to let you know the floor of
has been bought and sold twice in the past 10 years and it's not the thing. Oh
boy. It's bad now. The name has changed. Well I think they did they I think they
kept the name for a little while but. I it's not the same it's not the same
as 10 years ago. What is what is when you come right down to it right. I know I
know. Okay thank you. Thanks for the bad news. Okay bye bye. Okay take
floor as offer there please can we do that. I'm gonna do your okay sorry very
sorry about that sorry mister and by the way can you spare some change the best
pizza in Florida is that pizza lock man Jeff Cohen and the pizza lock are as
kickers. Even though they want nothing new with us anymore that's what
Berkeley said. She said he hates you like he's got a voodoo doll which is you
would die a wicked bloody death. That's what she said. She said no I think he's
talking about you Berkeley. Pizza lock 66 just cast a check honey just cast a
check. Top of John's 22 pizza on 21. Mario the Baker 21 for your father. The
Salvo's night. Now is there another Mario the Baker be said to one in sunrise
because I know they used to be one in North Miami. There's one in sunrise
between sunrise Boulevard and Oakland on the east side you know what I'm talking
about. Yes yeah do you. I do. It's it's a pretty good. Had many a pie from
there. The Salvo's has got 20. Time with Mario the Baker. Cazoli 16 now what's
that all about is Cazoli's gone downhill or something what's wrong with Cazoli's
Cazoli's just five. I mean other than the fact that they got that pen
zorla on there but what's wrong with Cazoli's? Cazola's pizza 15 Godfather's 15
I remember Javier I remember that young man the first came to WNWS down in
South and South Miami on Ludlow Maraud in Dixie highway introduced me to Godfathers
and when I met Javier had other things in mind but unfortunately okay now
what's the deal. Godfather's 15 Frankie's 14 Steve's 13 little Caesars 13
pizza time 11 Mike's 10 Tony's 8. Are you got any pizzas there by the way yet? No
no pizzas yet. He's still. Well why not? You mean to tell me that you got 75
stakes yesterday and there when we talked about stakeholders but we can't get
pizzas in there on this show and this highway did highly listen to show. That's
probably because I always call Tony's but I'm not. No no no no no. I feel like
they call in Tony's that would be cheating do not do that. Not doing it. Don't
take the easy way you John the Baker 7 Sparrow's got six that is that's
disgusting. No it is isn't it? Why? Farrow my house. Sparrows is industrial
strength it's everywhere is sparrows it's it's like McDonald's. No. So that makes
it bad. Get out of here and know my ass but you eat pizza as sparrows. That's
what they have with them all yeah. Yeah they used to have the orange place to
there where the orange junus in the pizza whatever that place used to be the
orange bowl yeah you talk about running to the bowl. Mr. D's 5 Domino's 5. Oh
yeah. Zero is for Antonio's 4. How's Antonio doing? Antonio. Antonio won
his best 3 wise guys 3 pizza or rustic as got to that's a good place I
hear I'm always to I'm itchy to marino's pizza's got to Papa piccolo's one
hot so be so be is got one videos one Del Vecchio won Espositos and Poggies and
Franco's so far got the big. Oh there's one Pedro or is that Pedro? He says
Okay once was 150 seconds feet in Southwest 100 and 37th Avenue that's what
Pedro says don't do it again and we're gonna get out the shoe and you be
amazed where we stick it okay here's a foul chronic Christ see this writing
and uh the chronic incopal this this is the record holder for most
factions to this show I mean there's nobody even close I don't know I've seen some
duplicate the last couple days nobody even close says hi Uncle Neil without
trying to be too much of a wise as I must say that after visiting all parts of
Florida since the 50s and let me hear for the last five years I've never found
any good pizza in the state perhaps a new pool category whatever that mean well
I would agree that generally speaking most of the pizza in Florida is pretty
pretty lame especially after you've had New York pizza and Chicago pizza and
Boston pizza and real pizza in Italy it's uh that was the what was the oh the
brick oven is that still a business in Davie there or Hollywood in Hollywood
where they had they used to make the real thin never's a sponsor a hundred years
ago real thin pizza in the ovens the brick wood burning brick ovens like
in Italy brick oven like to find out if that's still open or not somebody will
says maybe I was for my lifetime of pizza in New York and on Long Island love
the good old sunshine state but the pizza is fat it says the chronic incopal
well see she just may I think it's a she think it's a lady okay I love she's
that we've had the name before on here the name of the top is who knows well it's
whatever it is made up for all the chronicness by saying the pizza is fat
generally speaking I think you're your thumb on
sure the season is the week to go to the wheel watch
press the tip these will loosen like some change in
I get in and hold it are you ready boys
I I can't hear you I I can't
Oh
the
SpongeBob Game Pass, SpongeBob Game Pass!
SpongeBob, is it a zirgin or yet, drive the same each?
It's 1118 at 560 WQM Happy Wednesday 2 years.
Don't forget George and Miguel and Volka Bryan and a bunch of other winners will be a treasure island happy our 5-7s afternoon.
Stop by to win our embarrassing and degradingly cheap prizes, but enjoy a dance specials all night long.
A treasure island off the palm of the earth just north of the 122nd Street exit.
Watch that boy blow ping pong balls right out of his shoe!
Would it be great? You ever see that? No.
It's a sight to, um, Cucuba.
A comedian who gave $20,000 to the family of the boy now accusing Michael Jackson of molestation testified yesterday that she received a tearful phone call from the boy's mother
that let her to believe the family was being held against its will.
A comedian Louise Pollanker said she'd try to get in touch with the mother after seeing the TV documentary living with Michael Jackson,
in which Jackson is accused of held hands and Jackson acknowledged letting children sleep in his bed.
Pollanker was called by the prosecution to support the charge that Jackson conspired to hold the family captive after the documentary on February 6, 2003 in order to get them to make a rebuttal for the opraising Jackson.
On the witness stand, Pollanker said that soon after she left the message with the boy's grandparents, the mother called her and sounded frightened.
Oh my God! She was extremely agitated and she was almost whispering.
This was fear-based agitation, she'd be saying.
The mother told her not to call back at the same number the witness said, Pollanker, quote, or the mother were saying,
don't call me back here. They're listening to everything I say. These people are evil.
I said, are the children in school? She said no. That's when she started crying, Pollanker said.
She didn't say where the mother was at the time of the call. The comedian said she called her attorney after her because I felt they were being held against their will.
How do you like that?
Pollanker said she met the family at a comedy camp for underprivileged youth run by the last factory club in Hollywood and began helping them financially after the boy was diagnosed with cancer.
Pollanker said she gave the family 10 grand to cover expenses. It was fairly spontaneous. She said, I just decided on my own to do it.
But she said she gave a second gift of 10 grand when the father asked for more money.
Pollanker said the father told the family couldn't afford rent because his wife had spent their money on such things as prayer and a lot of statues and candles.
Now, my wife said, in fact, maybe she can get that T-fell skillet before it's too late.
Look at this. Any place with a name like this can really be good. South Miami, the big cheese. That sounds like a step away from Chuck E. Cheese.
I'm surprised we haven't any vote for Chuck E. Cheese yet. The big cheese. I bet you're not going to get any pizzas in there today, you know?
No, it's 11.20. I just have this sick feeling and epitomized stomach that you were going to get left.
You had to show that. Huh? You haven't called anybody. Did you call anywhere yesterday for the stakes? No. No. How did that happen?
It was just a twirl of 10 years. It was a spontaneous extension of love and kindness and decency and compassion and just chiming right in there with the Athena the Show.
Let's see. Here's a fact from Rich Pacture. See below for Rick Sanchez citing also. He says the best pizza Brooklyn boys in West Boka in the same place as Delights.
Well, what is this story? CNN seeing new ways to battle Fox News. Why are you sending me this rich Pacture? Oh, there's a thing about Rick Sanchez in it. Oh, God. Well, I said because that's the pizza thing in it. Oh, by the way, for that for that factured caller, whatever the hell it was. New York.
I mean, pizza down here that from the Yorkers everybody from the York. Yes. So how can it be all bad pizza down here? They're on the Yorkers. You understand the water isn't the same. That's why it's like the bread. There's there is very little great bread in South Florida because of the water. That's excuse I was here. Although the website I checked it on half the time is wrong. But no, seriously, that that's why they can't make the dough. Would you listen to me? They can't make the same kind of dough that they make in New York. That's and of course New York is known for that great water, which is true from the Hudson.
River. I don't ask me why, but it's some of the best water in the country is right there. Okay. True. How can you make a dough without good water, man? Right? Water's water. Please. Why you were needing too much at the what's that place?
Lock, I was beans are rotten your brain. After for each. In a segment last Wednesday on the program, Paul's on now rich Sanchez former local news anchor who worked for Mr. Cheatwood in Miami,
and joined CNN last year strapped out a device known as a shock belt worn around the waist. It can deliver 50,000 volts of electricity to a person's body and then gave a simple command. Do it.
Moments later, Mr. Sanchez moaned audibly, crumbled to the floor and still panting after being helped to his feet reported. It hurts. It's painful, but no one's dead to which we say. Damn it. Oh, yeah, you're wrong. There's somebody dead. The guy you hit in the in front of the stadium. He's still dead. Rick. Mr. Sanchez was attempting to show first hand.
Now a device like this shock belt might have prevented the courthouse rampage in Atlanta in which the judge and three others were killed by the rape suspect.
The morning after his program was broadcast, they were euphoric. Mr. Klein, whoever Mr. Klein is, who's Mr. Klein? Some CNN, Huncho.
Wozzie. Jonathan Klein, the new president of CNN. The morning after that was broadcast, Mr. Klein was euphoric. I thought it was great. He told several dozen producers and editors gathered by video conference around the country for the regular 9 a.m. assignment meeting.
Mr. Sanchez will join Anderson Cooper's evening news program on CNN early next month as the full-time correspondent. Oh my God. Oh God.
And they're right. CNN has become more like Fox every day. You won't get any news there. Trust me when I tell you.
The best pizza in Florida, pizza law. And you notice we're not getting any place from Orlando, no place from Tampa, no place from Naples, no place from anywhere.
We got Boka there from Rich Pacti and maybe one or two others. Now that's it. I mean, do you expect to get really good pizza in Jacksonville?
No. In two egg in Tallahassee. All the winter, expecting a great steak. See that we never know. The great pizza there. Forget about it.
Pizza law 71, Papa John's 24. I mean, you know, with all the respect. I mean, Papa John's is okay. But if that's if that's the second best pizza in the state of Florida.
And then pizza have 23. The Salvos 22. Mary of the Baker 21, Cousolas 19, Cousolis 18. Cousolis used to be everywhere.
Aren't they in all the malls anymore? They just kind of fading out. Cousolis was I mean, you could like you'd have in the morning and look out your window. There'd be a Cousolis. They were everywhere. No, Mo?
No. I don't know. One. And how about in the candle mall?
I don't know. How about in the day land? Isn't there a Cousolis in day land? I don't go to the mall that well. Why not? You're a Dave County. One of the last 10 people who speak a little English left in day.
You ought to be knowing these things. There's got to be a Cousolis in day land. No? Okay. We'll find out. We'll find out from some people who know something will get around spread it around a little bit as opposed to just hanging out there on Southwest Eight Street like you do.
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello. Yeah. I want to touch on a couple things as far as the best pizza. First of all, I don't agree with pizza law. Secondly, the Salvos is terrible. Bar the Baker. Then the owner of the maker. He thinks his stuff don't think he is so rude.
The best place. And there you're not down here. If you go to Humberto's of Papano, man, they are from Long Island. They've only been down here a couple years. That pizza is through New York style. If you like New York style, it's pizza the next the true place. But pizza Hut and Papa John and all that. Come on. You know, let's get real.
I just got through San Ed, man. This is starting to sound like that. The Franko American and Chef Boyardy, although the general thing like that chronic factor said Florida is a very be ref.
Good great great pizza and sub sandwiches. Now I will say you know, a Latin city sub to bring us a lot of food, but you know, it's good. But to suggest that that's anywhere like the Hougies or grinders, whatever you want to call them back up north.
I mean, it's not in the same league, man. It's not even in Buffalo. They had great sub sandwiches. I mean, and you're going to tell me you're not going to tell me like what's the place?
Vimey subs. Yeah. No, you're not. You're not going to tell me that with a straight face. Are you? No. I mean, if I'm in a party like mine is, it's okay. I didn't say it was horrendous. I didn't say it was puke inducing. I just said to try to compare these so they don't know how to make a sub sandwich in South Florida.
Okay, if you said Hougie or grind it, it would be like, like that like that. It's not cold. It's not cold. They're not Hougies down here. That's exactly my point. Okay. I think you need to reinsert your head screw on straight.
You are listening to Neil Rogers. It's exclusively on 560. You are. You.
Or, hovers over this performance by the Dalton.
Wolf dressed in a suit. Congress in a male prostitute. Rides around in his limb or without wearing pants. If you start taking him as a hell of a chance, he'll change your life.
They'll tell you he loved you, but only because wife Betty Prince does it all change when it's not a night. That's what it's like if you are Gary's girl.
God help you if you're Gary's girl. Then prove you're gone. You're gone just like that. You fairy.
All the women say. Condition Clinton.
If you write down your name, it is little black. But they might call you from the river on the end of a hook.
You'll change your life. They'll tell you he loved you, but only because wife Betty Prince does it all change when it's not a night.
That's what it's like if you are Gary's girl. God help you if you're Gary's girl.
Okay, so it was on a biography channel. You're gone. You're gone just like that.
You're a conduit. Good guess. Huh?
What have you never got? No. Anyway, another one of those. Of course, he was a Democrat, but the same thing.
All those finger pointing goody-touches, conservative, holier than that. I think he killed the bitch. And look at this.
Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look
Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look
Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look
Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look
Look at this? Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this.
Pickles on a pizza and they're even heard of that creates a flavor. We call bacon cheeseburger pie
Have you ever had the bacon cheeseburger pie once again?
Cock and trash not having any idea if you're not Godfather's man
You are really gonna burn in hell I'll say that right. You what you are gonna meet your maker
You're fair right. I need it without the pickles
How close your eyes and eat it? Okay?
You can't put pickles on a pizza if you like it hot try a pie topped with pepperoni beef fatag in sausage
How opinion is and onions and it's the hot stuff pie Godfather's is so good that it's like a whole separate category
But yeah too good for Florida. That's why they got you know got to go to the Hess gas station
Here's one that says I have a for one for the pool. Jane is J.A.Y. No. Jane was pizza on North 441 in Fort Lauderdale
Jane was never heard of it. Got it J
What does J? No, anyway got it?
Why you're still hyperventilating about the pickles
Recently discovered your mama's pizza. Oh your mama in the falls and off 120s
It's a street in the little strip mall best. I've had in this town says this back here
You're your mama's pizza got it your mama that for you
Your mama's pizza. That's what it says in the falls area
This is a little bit too specific to be somebody making it up and what are we care for it's for real?
Not anywhere. Is this like for scientific purposes or something? No, it's to kill four hours for these poor people out there
That are stuck in it and the sewer of the universe where your fat ass governor is going to a ballistic
All these people but me
The Bible says the Bible yeah, these are the same people by the way that love capital punishment
Here's one from Rick that says the best pizza I've ever had is from a hungry howe's
What that's what Rick says I know
Well, then what do you smirkling about hungry howe's might be spectacular? What are you again?
Have you ever had pizza from hungry howe course? I've had hungry howe's who you have?
Yeah, and you're and so it's not good. It's very greasy like just they don't get on there after they made the piece
So another zero lucky well Rick likes it so put it on there
Let's see whether you're out of line or whether maybe Rick is just full of it
Maybe he's hungry howe maybe needs to have that
She's you so we can have some lunch next piece in dear field beach across from city hall thin crusty
Or style or Sicilian style
Sicilian or Foccacci style full pies or by the slice it says I get a huge slice with tomatoes
I need the garlic to die for next pizza in dear field beach you got it. I got good
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, yeah, yes, I am I've got one in Hollywood. It's called
Bigger pardon
Great how you spell it?
C-O-N-C-H-D-E-O-R-E
Talk of the old rock. Okay the order. Uh-huh sounds very good in the me. Okay. Where's it again in Hollywood?
It's in Hollywood on Hollywood circle Hollywood circle. What what's that other one in Hollywood on 441?
Why are you there? Do you know the one?
No, no the one where they make the thin crust is it roses roses
I don't I don't remember but you were talking the other day on 441 marinos. Yeah, that Italian restaurant has been there for over 40 years
Yeah, that's an excellent Italian restaurant. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. See you
What's the one I'm thinking about where they make the thin crust that's highly overrated?
I try to one time is it rosemary's a
Yeah rosemary's baby. I think it there in fact you can still see the she's sticking out the door
Damn it. Well, I can't wait to see what's going on with Whitney's baby today on a passions since I see it today ahead of everybody else
The look on Eve's face when she yanks that baby. Oh, she's better wrapped up in a blanket
Oh, it's probably got six heads and 48 eyes. It's probably grotesque anyway
Somebody a villa rose is that it maybe that's it villa rose don't put it down yet
But that's the one because some people actually like that it was like charred you know on the bottom charred
But they do the word that were in the brick oven
We have any calls about the brick oven or any
Facts is no that was pretty good
It was like an at least an attempt to try to do like the real Italian thing because in Italy in a way
Now they do have places where you get to fix the sillion
But the real real piece of it just about everybody loves the most is the real super thin that they bake in the wood burning
brick oven a cushion three minutes or a little bit less real super thin and man
That is just to die for
19 till noon at 2 a.m. Sure
Well, all right
Well
I just stayed a big old piece of steak it was a
Big mistake because now I think I have my cow disease
I ate the lady young now my
Rain is gone
It'll be the death of me four vines funds your form and depal out the face
Once made me glad
Oh, now I'm going man
It's taken me for sure
And it's gonna be my
I'll do it too late to be a vegetarian
Tainted be
Tainted be
Tainted be
Tainted be
Don't be trying to
Tainted be
You'll be dying to
Tainted be you're not gonna believe this I got seven pages of Godfather's pizza locations in Florida
I don't believe you how do you like that?
That goes to show it once again the rest of the state
You know, maybe they're lacking in certain areas like mentality, but oh my god. How is this possible?
Take a puket this even in Stuart and in Tampa. Now. I'm just curious our I don't know nobody would know this
What one of the I'm just curious if these are all in Florida the ones that are like 92 stores in Florida 92
Count them if they're all like associated with his gas stations like we have there or whether they're like real Godfather's
You know I'm saying like it lists here 20 at 60 Davy Road and Davy now that's that's got to be the his gas station
Also Josh who thinks he knows something 41 50 state-world seven and Carl springs
You following that?
Sort of but you better do your homework, mister. You got any pizzas there yet by the way. No. Oh boy. That is really sad
It wasn't your touch. I've lost it. Of course. I'm not there
So they then they don't really care about you guys if I was there we have pizzas piled up the ceiling
Cosimi Lake when a visit Lake Worth 39 65 South Congress Avenue in Lake Worth 59 75 US Highway 441 in Lake Worth
In Miami
180 Northwest 27th Avenue in Miami is not Le Jun Road Northwest that's right the road 81 90 Southwest 40th Street
That's bird road in Miami, right? Yeah 106 75 Northwest 41st Street in Miami. They're all over the place
75 15 North West 186 Street in Miami that bird road one though that is a head station
See that's one of Freda 80 300 West McNabb Road in North Lauderdale
214 1 Biscayne Boulevard in North Miami
They must all be headscan stations. They're all over the Orlando over Yato Palm Harbor in Pembroke Pines
196 hundred Pines Boulevard in Pembroke Pines. There's a godfather. How do you like that?
St. Cloud St. Petersburg Stewart Tampa Southdale, Maybury North Florida Avenue Northdale, Maybury Bruce B. Downs Boulevard West Hills, we're Avenue
Put it all over the place over there. Not sure. I said the other day. How come they got even in Valrico?
They got two in Valrico in Venice in Bonetia. They got one three fifty commercial court in Venice West Palm Beach
6840 Oktober Boulevard
So there there is hope there's hope for the human race as long as there's a godfather
Here's a fact from Dan who says Red Rock pizza in East Boka would slash cool burning stove
Now that's the real thing. See that's the MS the authentic all made fresh sauce cheese imported from Italy
See I don't care what anybody says, but you're never gonna get a great pizza with sauce from a can
It says the best real Italian style been there bought it eat it loved it. Thank you, Dan. I'm getting chose up about it
Our good friend Jerry of Bonita Springs who's beyond chronic says I would like to suggest
Anthony's try to read and Bonita Springs for the best pizza pool. It's a fine Italian restaurant that great homemade pizza
But I have a little sip
One of the problems with the best pizza pool is and he's got a good point here
He does most people order their pizzas delivered
The best pizzas are not delivered for a delivered pizza I prefer Papa John's over Domino's or pizza
Well of course for a great pizza I go to Anthony's Trap Torea in Bonita's
Jerry also says the first shaky's pizza overhead was in Rochester, New York
I accidentally spent a week in there in 67 don't go back to me anytime soon
You won't like it. You hated it then just wait
56705 60 pound 560 and they've arrived in singular right of slime. Nobody's gonna come close to pizza loft
Somebody Q.A. Am hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am calling about
Okay, what do you got?
Cazolas no my dollars on cabs
Oh, I didn't like like Missola oil. Yeah
Okay, we're getting on there. Thanks a lot
You got a Missola because she sounded a little quirky about the thing, huh?
Resola I'll look for the other
Resola, I thought she said Missola. No, that's an oil
It was one of the Italian restaurants. I know that here's a family. She said we spelled it wrong
Well, we don't spell anything wrong any of Cole's Josh. Do we? No, never
Did you see that stupidato bitch get arrested for trying to take water into Terry Shirebo?
Don't these people know that putting water in her mouth would drown her?
Yes, she can't swallow with you idiots. Oh, it's a symbolic move. Oh, I see
Yeah
We're gonna feed you whether you want it. We're gonna grab your cute and fill it up
In fact, maybe they could take her to Hesta give her some gas and some godfathers kind of as a parting gift for Terry on the way out
Dominic Q.A. Am hello. Oh, go me. Oh, yes, sir. How are you good?
That's a little housekeeping brick ovens out of business and out of business. Oh, that was great
And you're right Villa Rose, but believe it or not that place is a Greek joint
It's a Greek salad. It's got a Greek market there. Yeah
I'm not counting it. I would try it once I hated it bad. It's not bad. It was a pretty great
There's anybody mentioned the phones on Hollywood Beach flicker like
Components like this your target style now really you never heard of it. It's actually the great grandson of Al Capone
Ones of your game. You didn't know that right on the interco from there. Okay. I shouldn't tell it now
I'll be crowded now
Okay, well, you better tell talk about Tainted Beast tell Josh you better learn his pizza mr
See you later. Okay, they're in your pizza, mister. We're not getting a more state. So we get a pizza together what?
Not a well, I guess you better call Brad over there at Tony's
I guess nobody loves us anymore in the pizza business
We know somebody that doesn't that's caused Berkeley just really turned him against me like like a warfare
Yeah, well, you didn't want him as a guy who's that Toby checker or him either somebody Q.A. Am hello
Well, I like this we're getting a facts on our phone line
W.I.M. Hello
Yes, I can't remember that call the point in this place just the water
imported I guess can't play imported from a Hudson River. Love in oven. The love in did we ever put them burritos on it by the way, John?
Yes, the love in oven
Love in oven trooper city one is one of plantations great pizza
Okay, I'll take you word for it. Thanks a lot, Kelly
That's it. Yeah, I love the way
I mean when you say that said then that finger move him there goes I put my finger in that shoe move it real quick
5605 60 pound 560 in a variety and say and this is kind of a pointless, you know, because after number one
It's like way the battle is for a second place, right?
I mean we've made pizza loss so popular that they just you know, oh, I see the missbelly from that one
I'm what it's a Mazda
Well, but just rating him out we do please because it's getting really ponderous with his inner you know
That fruio is thing that was that was all I needed no what it was no not at all not at all in my must have in the
I mean the internet ferry that types it on there certainly you didn't do it actually it was you actually who's that oh yeah
I did it yeah, you read the facts and you said Mazda with two these let me say it again
Fulvio is I even spelled for this child Fulvio became fruio
He's got a little bit look talking about when you're 18 16 pounds of meat on a year
It has a little propensity to make your thinking a little a cobwebby, you know, I'm saying a little cobwebby
Not too clearly is what I'm saying
Look why why do we really care? Okay, although she was very insistent and persistent
So if we screwed it up on Monday, let's at least get it right today for them because it may be a very good place or not
WQAM hello
Yes, sir
Hey listen
You were some other year about the two guy cheese that there is one on
US one and they be rolling and it's great they have
The cheese on it and I love it. Okay. Thanks. They have good cheeses on it
Oh in fact one of Hollywood there they got good cheeses on it
Have arroz alopes this house don't forget it's got to be in 13th of the month one these days pretty soon like next month
It'll be time to go to arroz alopes see the virgin Mary
On the toaster on the tortinos pizza and all over the place breadsticks. She's everywhere
56705 60 pound five 60 on the Verizon and singular arroz alopes. Yeah filler rose you might as well put that on it's in Hollywood. It's
It's not too good. Now that was my opinion. Maybe I was there on an off day. Okay. Maybe they just
Chard the bottom of my pizza because they don't like me or maybe it was just the who knows what it was right
It's like the olive garden if you want to find it if it's really great. I go back several times. You know what I mean?
Over and over again. Tell you find to get a great meal right could it could be fabulous
Just like that place they were telling me. What was the one that you said?
There was greasy and crap. Oh hungry howie hungry howie's I mean it's okay. She's like oh
Yeah, ridiculously greasy and you didn't even put it on here. This idea. Is it got any votes? Uh-huh
It's got two votes mister. How do you like that? It's got two votes. Got two greasers now in your spare time this afternoon or tonight
I want you to grab it around Coral Springs and find an us a godfather
Cancels
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Cover right
Yeah
Honestly
You catch me a roll out of that little slice of pain
I'll cook it with a squeeze, squeeze
Yes you were born, born, born to keep my pride
Yes you were born, born, born
People who are by me always stopin' by sprites of golden brown, brown, brown
We get high cholesterol, we don't worry at all, we suck them down, down, down
I'm dying out of that, cause we were born, born to keep my pride
You catch me a roll out of that little slice of pain
You catch me a roll out of that little slice of pain
Okay, Van der is this great thin crust pizza at Times Square Pizza
It's how these corner of US went in Oakland Park full of our best
Well thanks Van der, where's that Wanda?
It looks like Van der to me. Van der. Okay, Van der.
Times Square Pizza, got it? Good.
A senator pushing a bill to keep Terry Shave a while I've said today
He'd be the senator's last attempt at the brain damage woman's feeding cube reinserted
How do you like that?
Senator Daniel Webster, I love his dictionary
What scrambling to secure votes to pass a bill that would prohibit patients like Shave
or for being starved to death if they didn't express their wish to die in writing
Whatever it is today is it, he said
Webster means at least two senators to change their position on his bill
which could be debated when a senator begins their wins the decision at one p.m.
and less than an hour from now
I don't know even if I have a majority vote said Webster, they're Republican from Wintergarden
I bet you think I've got fathers in Wintergarden, what do you think?
Do you see those kids?
I see those ones.
Did you see those kids right now I see an end?
Sitting arrested?
Oh, I'm off of CNN, I'm watching global news, I couldn't stand anymore of it.
Okay, I'll turn on now.
Of appeal to the Supreme Court before 10 o'clock?
I see Joe John standing in front of the US Supreme Court building.
Yeah, that's what I think out too.
Oh, anyway, now you see you're just trying to throw me off the trail here.
I was looking up Wintergarden.
Let's see, look at that Wintergarden 1307 West Colonial Drive in Wintergarden, Florida.
There is a Godfather, there's one in Winterpark and there's even one in Winter Springs.
How do you like that?
Right, all right, we're going to have to get around the state.
I'm going to have to come back and do what Godfather's state hopping towards what I'm going to do.
Love Godfather's.
Anyway, if the Senate passes the bill, we would have to take a second vote requiring two-thirds approval to immediately be sent to the state house.
Otherwise, the House would have to wait until tomorrow to consider the measure.
And if we wait till tomorrow, my God, we've got to get that back into Terry's thing, you know?
God, go away.
No?
No, no.
No, you're right.
But how about some lunch for Terry, or at least for you guys?
You call up yet?
No.
But why not?
In other words, you're going to sit there and wait for Pete's to show up.
I'm telling you right now it's not going to happen.
If it hasn't happened by now, it ain't coming.
Well, I can wait.
I mean, I ate howies when I got here this morning, so.
Oh, you didn't tell me that.
Well, you know, hungry howies?
No.
Just howies.
Oh, I see.
Maybe hungry howies will come by because you ripped them in an asshole bed and they'll show you, hey, it's not so greasy after all.
Or maybe they'll just smear some in your face.
Yeah, maybe it's not.
Prove me wrong, fellas.
Yeah, prove them wrong.
Bring us some of pie's by.
You're not getting nothing.
That's all right.
When George is here on Friday and I'm off on that, then you get food all over the place because you already know you it's coming.
Don't read ribs and just tons of stuff.
I just, I don't have the touch anymore, you know.
I tried.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
We caught him off the beat, so you're probably going to have the week and a half.
The hard rock casino.
Oh, yeah.
I swear, somebody else out there that's a deep in there, calm back.
Yep, they have the pizza place right there in the casino.
The pizza is fantastic.
I don't want to cry.
But so the hard rock casino we should put down is at the most people I'm feeling.
No, no, no, no.
It's got excellent pizza, some of the best I've had.
I'll take your word for it.
Okay, I don't believe it, but I'll take your word for it.
And I'm glad he called right now because it's a tremendous segue.
He must be psychic or maybe he just needs a good physical after eating that place.
The seminal tribe, this is the ultimate.
This is the epitome of hypocrisy.
This is the most incredible.
I talked about it with a Humper this morning when he was telling me that probably it's at least 50% wrong because it's off the Internet.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Why is he so stubborn about that root's gristing?
Why is that?
What is the big deal with that?
I mean, who really cares when he came right down?
He's just adamant because that's the story he heard.
I don't care if it's the story he heard.
Concoct it if he dreamed it if he had a hallucination.
If the Virgin Mary whispered it in his ear while he was eating lunch at Roza Lopez's house, I really don't care.
But he is just whipped up into a frenzy about it.
Guess what, Humper?
He just passed it by the panel.
They said, I was wrong, which I admitted.
And you were wrong.
The seminal tribe is told Governor Jebosha wants to negotiate an agreement to have full fledged traditional slot machines.
You liars, you phonies, you bastardos, you.
That is just absolutely unconscionable is what it is.
I mean, we knew it was coming, but just to read this in print off the Channel 10 website.
It just makes me want to gag.
I think we need a gag order.
In fact, maybe I'll tell you who needs this.
The seminoles could use it.
I don't want to tell you where they could send it to the piece pipe.
How about a good...
Yeah, that would be good.
What do you think?
That would work.
Maybe loan them that...
Applicator cube!
That rush used to use.
The seminal tribe told our fat ass governor wants to negotiate an agreement to have full fledged traditional slot machines.
These are the same people that spent almost six million dollars behind the guys of some phony group Nocasinos.
They didn't want to know who the money was coming from.
Back in November, to lie and make everybody psychotic and hysterical.
The world is going to come to an end as we know it.
There's going to be crime.
A soft floor is going to turn into a toilet.
A toilet?
That too.
Good old chief thunder thought over there at the seminals.
The tribe argues that it's in total of slots because voters stay wide and in Broward County have approved slot machines at four Broward Tracks and Highlight Frontons.
Do you think you're going to serve...
Be sure to serve in Chinese at the frontons?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, let's have some wonton at the...
The seminal tribe has electronic bingo machines and it's because you know it's in coke on a creek.
Hollywood, Ford Pierce, Brighton, Immaculate and Tampa.
Oh my god!
Here's dots.
Make believe.
Electronic bingo machines.
Fony slot machines.
The Mika Sookie tribe, which has similar casino west of Miami,
asked Bush to begin the negotiation just a few days after voters stay wide and from the ballot measure in November,
would lose Vegas type slots to the gambler plays against the house.
With bingo type machines, the players that each machine play against each other.
Adam and sales is one of our two good sales people.
We got a good guy.
I mean, we got Troy Stratford and Adam.
The rest of them, I wouldn't give you a nickel for the whole bunch of them put together.
Might leave anybody out?
Is there any good guy?
Huh?
No.
Right?
They might leave anybody out?
I don't know.
Well, if you have to think about it that long, the obvious answer is no.
So anyway, Adam and sales were this morning we were discussing.
He was at the seminal last night.
I was asking him how it is that thing.
I still can't...
And I'm not going to go there.
I don't want to see it.
I don't understand how you played bingo first.
Electronic bingo.
If you have to do that between every play on the slot machine, I mean, it must take you like seven hours to do like five...
I guess you can't lose as much that way because you have to patch gear around and play bingo first before it can spin the freaking wheels.
And I guess the wheels don't even spin anyway.
Do they?
I don't know.
What the hell do you know?
First of all, you don't play slot machines and number two needs to whether you've been there anyway.
Have you ever been there?
To the hard rock?
Right.
Of course.
Well, what would you go there for if you're not going to play the slots?
They don't have anything else.
They got video poker and they got that.
Or you'll walk right on through the casino and you're out into the paradise section and got a bunch of bars and it's a good time.
Oh, I see.
What do you guys think it's?
What do you guys think it's?
What do you guys think it's?
Well, that's okay.
He's young and fuller.
He's eating 16 pounds of meat.
Well, I mean, I don't play slot machines and the only other thing you can play is poker, which I'm not into.
And even if I was, you'd have to eat it.
You're not into poker.
And then you hear Adam this morning.
All the young guys are playing poker because they see celebrity poker on TV, monkey-seeing monkey-do.
So all the young guys now they're playing poker.
That's a thing to do.
We're going to go out very proud of them.
But even if I wanted to play, you got to wait like on my vours to get on a table.
Yeah, you can't get near those tables.
Can't get near them.
So anyway, the seminars want slots for themselves.
We want it.
We want it.
It's bad.
It's evil.
South Florida's a family style.
See, this is a pile of crap.
You know what it reminds me of?
What?
In Vegas, remember a few years ago they decided, well, we wanted more of a family image.
You know, it's going to bring in a lot more tourism.
And we want people with kids.
And boy, they dropped that like a high potato.
Because people who gamble and go out there to corousen, boost it up and plunge their guts out.
They're not interested in having a bunch of punky little kids running around.
They're not interested in sanitizing the image.
They want to be a little on the raunchy side, if you part my expression, right?
Right.
There you go.
Who that wants to go to that?
Go to Disney the world.
Go to Disney the land.
Or just go to hell, you know.
Get out of our face with that crap.
All these good.
I'm tired of any two shoes, man.
Let's just have a place called Poverty land for all of us.
Not all the other goody two shoes people just go and hang out.
They want to hang it out.
Like Gary Condowicz.
Well, they're busy killing them.
Jewish Broughts.
Lisa says, on a loyal female listener listening online at work, thanks Lisa.
I would like you to please add Capone's Flickr Light in Hollywood.
It's right on the intercostal.
So you can have a nice view and have great pizza.
Thanks Lisa.
Capone's Flickr Light.
You got it?
Sure.
What is that?
What does that mean?
Sure.
What does that mean?
I don't believe it.
Do you think Lisa made it up?
No, not at all.
Then why do you say that?
Have you ever been there?
No.
Same thing.
First, he knocks Omaha.
Now he's knocking Capone's Flickr.
I hope Lisa comes in and gives you a watch for you.
And you probably hope so too.
Pizza lot's got 82, man.
Nobody even close.
Girl Jeff, you know.
We had some good times with him, but that's in the past.
He's history.
And the fact that he didn't bring your food today, what does that tell you?
Does that tell you all you need to know?
Where do you know that?
I don't know.
What?
You're not listening to you anymore.
Somebody would have 95% of his clientele in there is our people.
Okay?
Somebody would have gone in there and say, hey Jeff,
Neil's doing a show on pizza today.
You better get down here and make a man's food in.
At least bring him some food.
Right?
Did he do it?
No.
Pizza lot's 82.
Mario the Baker 34.
Boy, it's Papa John's 27.
And Pesola's 26.
Pizza Hut 26.
Pizza Hut is the best pizza in Florida.
Oh my God.
They want to be called a permanent vegetative state.
I mean, they make their pizzas in a conveyor belt.
Okay?
Just like Burger King makes their rubber burgers in a conveyor belt.
Pizza Hut makes their pizzas on a conveyor belt.
Am I right?
You're right.
Yes.
Oh, what a thought.
Even a Pope is tukin' from the series is tukin' in general.
The Salvo's 25, because Oli's 22,
steves in Orthmime's 19, solid.
It's really, um, rock solid.
Frankie's 19, pizza time 19, Godfather's 17.
Now we're talkin' baby.
The Godfather.
Little Caesar's 16 and Tonyo's 12.
Good old Antonio.
Mike's 11.
Sparrow's his God 11 and Tony's 10.
Everybody else single digits.
I'm telling you how to call up Tony right now.
That would be bad.
Huh?
And we can rave about how good his stuff is.
It really is.
Call him without calling.
Huh?
To do that without calling.
What do you mean by that?
It's not visually good.
Call him up and have him bring in some food.
So he can just sit there and rave about it and jewel and lie down.
No?
Okay, I'll do that with the break.
I mean, in fact, that I have to like twist your arm.
That goes to show you how you picked out yesterday.
That was a disgusting performance.
Anything even I could have matched that.
I thought it was a great, but you could have matched that.
No, I could not.
Eating two full steaks and all those fries.
And a foot long sub.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
His name is Daniel Rodgers.
That is Daniel Rodgers.
What do you mean by that?
On right.
Daniel Rodgers.
Is Paul Harvey standing by for news on CoLand and Layne, Jackson D'Oath, Florida, Chuck
Buick finally gave up?
Chuck enjoys marijuana.
He decided to accept Paul Harvey's suggestion.
He gave up.
He went to the phone.
He called me.
He ordered a bomb.
that's a pipe used to smoke marijuana.
I want you to hear this carefully
because you're thinking about a Valentine's Day present
for somebody who loved very much.
Quote, my marijuana bomb-ribe Saturday,
and after I opened the box, I was in shock.
My eyes were locked open wide.
My whole house was now a concert hall.
I went to the washroom and even from there,
it sounded like a real-life lady
singing right outside the door.
Quote, with heat eating your ears,
you're gouging out and tearing loose
and pulling apart, gulping air and tasting black.
Your windpipe is closing and you've lost track
of which way is out.
There's a searing in, Brudan, your net search,
rescue, ventilate, somebody's, it seems to kitten.
Quote, I'm listening to all of my old CDs again
because I have never really heard them before.
Now, for that Valentine's Day gift,
it's not too early for you to choose a bomb.
If you're anything that happy with it, I'll buy it back
to locate your nearest dealer telephone 1-800-
That's it.
Bomb man.
Probably 18 at 5.60 WQ-8-M.
You know that speaking of Jacksonville,
they have 8.07.
Seven of Godfather's in Jacksonville.
Wow.
Even in Bradenton, which is like Mugwamville,
Bradenton's the size of the beast's foot.
There are three Godfather.
In fact, you said you lived in Brandon?
I did.
915 Providence Road in Brandon.
There's a Godfather's castle very,
which is up in the Orlando area.
It's where they used to have the dog track up there
with it.
And you used to have seven old downs.
You used to be a harness track up there
with horse flies the size of bowling balls.
Castleberry.
They got two of them.
I mean, it's just there's something rotten
in South Florida.
Something really smells very bad.
Well, I got something that's not rotten.
What's that?
You know, Frankie's pizza.
That's got 20 votes on the pole.
Right.
They're going to bring us a pizza.
All right.
Now you didn't have to call them.
They called here.
How you like that?
You like it?
You like it?
You like it?
You like it?
I mean, back in the day, of course,
we'd had like 45 pies out to the ceiling.
You know, of course, back at IOD,
we had floors right up the street.
We had Papa Johns up the street.
Whole different, whole different ballgame.
Cazolees would have, and we'd have had some Cazolees.
Still haven't heard anymore about Cazolees.
I guess, you know, that's from the past.
I guess it's kind of passé.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on leave, Verizon.
And the worst part of this thing with a seminal
is that hard rock cafe, as you know,
like you said with the poker, you can't get near there.
Adam was saying that if you valley park,
you have to wait 30 minutes, about a half an hour.
About 30 minutes.
You get your car.
That's how I just jammin' in there.
You know, I know friends that go,
and they have to go hours before just to put their name in,
and you know, like they'll go do whatever, and come back.
You legitimately gotta wait like three, four hours.
To do what?
Just to get on a table.
And what about the slot machines?
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot you didn't care about that.
That's for little girls.
That's the way for FOT.
No, there's a lot of slots.
I'm sure they're open, you know?
Not we go for it.
Well, they ain't got that.
Yeah, they do.
Yeah, they do.
So under billboards, man, I've seen their billboards
when I was there, the big billboard wheel of torture.
They got it.
See, I'm gonna tell you now,
you heard my story this morning about my day at Woodbuy.
I'm just saying that you didn't
tie you just a little bit.
Not that I want to make you lose all your money, which you will.
What?
Because it happened to you, it can happen to me.
Well, and would they require any skill in my part?
Well, slot machines don't require any skill.
Exactly.
It's the luck of the draw, man.
Lucky timing.
I walked in there.
There's one wheel of fortune machine open,
which is the one that usually kills me.
And I have a love hate relationship with that machine.
I love it.
It hates me.
It has been months since I ever had
that any good in that machine.
And but I've been, man, not one but two nice jackpots, huh?
That's not like a pretty decent day.
Three and a half hours.
Very nice.
Not bad.
Look, I mean, if you want to get,
I'll just keep going there and get in drug pants.
Okay, too.
Yes, it is.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A coffee speech in a lot of Hill in sunrise.
It's not on there.
I don't know if you, when you used to live down there,
plantation acres, if you ever went down there.
I heard of that.
I poppies.
Poppies.
They're from Buffalo, New York, I believe, actually.
How do you spell that?
They're from State, New York.
How do you spell that?
What are you saying?
How do you spell that?
I think it's a P-O-P-P-Y-S.
Okay.
Hey, Neil, one question for you.
When they, when they talk about, about aging beef, you know,
when these real, fast, steak houses, what are they actually
doing?
What is the aging process like?
You don't want to know.
Believe me.
Is it like, curious stuff like that?
You don't want to know.
You don't want to see it.
You want to smell it.
You want to be in those meat hanger?
Believe you may.
Only Joe Pesci knows what it's like inside of that joint.
Everybody take it now.
What is it about New York pizza?
They had a TV food that was thing about, best pizzas in the United States, and they
found out that New York pizza.
They were talking about the dough and the butter they used to make the dough.
See?
See, I know my craft man.
It's the water.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Love you.
It's the water.
It ought to be at the end, but that's the water.
You said it.
Oh, you know, there's another place where they make the czerras pizza.
I don't know if they're still in business.
They make the kosher pizza.
That place, it's in North Miami Beach, I believe.
It's right there.
Well, by the Venetian Causeway, 120, what would that be?
Fifth.
See?
When you go away, when you're out of touch with reality?
You're out of touch.
Too bad.
Yeah.
Czerras pizza.
They make...
Man, we can take it off if they're not there anymore, but that's really good stuff.
Very, very, very good.
And it doesn't make you like, you know, run to the throne every five minutes.
That's a good thing.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, you know, sir.
You know, you get Godfather's Pizza, some of the Hess gas stations.
I'm at the top of their lot because they have the bag where I come from.
Right.
They be good.
This is good.
And for good New York stuff, pizza, go down to Old Color Road.
It's called Uncle Frank's.
Uncle Frank's.
Hey, man.
You two, pal.
Thanks.
Uncle Frank's, you got it?
They got antiposta and antichrist.
So you got Frankie's coming in.
Let's hear it.
You didn't even have to call us, you know, because I mean, it would be bad.
You have to call.
I mean, we love bread over there.
And they're very good to us at Tony's, up on 441, and 193rd, whatever that is.
But, you know, little Friday would be there.
Maybe Frankie's going to turn out to be sensational.
I wonder if they bring it about 1520 pies for Josh.
What do you get, Miguel?
No, I just...
I get one.
I just ordered a large pepperoni.
Yeah.
What about a pizza?
You ferry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound five.
See, anybody goes and gets drunk if they hard rock.
What do you mean?
There's a whole, like, outside of the heart.
Not the heart.
The heart broken itself.
It's terminal paradise.
It's connected to it.
You walk outside.
Oh, it's paradise.
Is it?
It's paradise.
They allow paradise inside of it.
Is that still part of the device?
See, the governor can't worry about that right now.
He's too busy to keep trying to keep Terry alive.
In fact, maybe the governor personally will reinsert that before the day is out
because he's so whipped up into a frenzy with that as governor.
No, he might get arrested if he goes there.
Yeah, that's throughout hopefully.
Hopefully.
Wouldn't that be great?
We'd have a party.
We'd have pizzas for everybody.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound five, 60 out of a rising singular wireless line.
I wonder if there's pizza out of those little pizzas.
Now, what was the deal of her house?
I've been so many years I forgot.
Was it on a pizza?
That the Virgin Mary should know was a tortilla or something.
It was the macular tortilla, some crap like that.
WDQ-I-N, hello.
Yeah, Jeff Cohen really needs to rename it a veggie pizza, the chateau special.
Oh, maybe she could be the state vegetable.
What do you say?
We got the state flag.
They who?
Harry Shavoh, she could be the state vegetable.
I think he stole my material from days ago.
See, one thing about me when you get to be old and seen out like me, you don't remember your old man.
In fact, maybe Paul can start using some more of it.
He could use it, believe me.
Speaking of vegetables.
WDQ-I-N, hello.
Hey, yeah, I got one from the Paul.
It's called 2G guys, 3N and 3N.
Yeah, okay, great.
WDQ-I-N, hello.
Q-I-N, yes.
Neal, please.
Speaking.
Oh, hey, Neal.
Neal, how about Anthony's cold fired pizza on US1 in Port Lauderdale?
Now, that's the name of it?
Yeah, Anthony's cold fired pizza.
They cook them in those brick ovens.
Oh, that's a best, man.
They're great.
I actually have had pizza a lot and I prefer the different kind of pizza because they're baking it, but I prefer that kind of pizza over anybody else's.
Really, really good.
Okay.
They have waiting lines.
They have waiting lines like every day of the week and on Saturdays, you can even get in the place.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
All right.
Take care.
Let me ask you, did we do the first break?
Because I crossed them out, but I remember doing it.
Yeah, you did it.
Are you sure?
I did Anthony Caliando and that break or not?
Yeah, it's too good.
Yes, you did not.
You're crazy.
I did not do that.
I did that last two hours ago.
You're a dreamer, man.
I don't think you're like, I think you're the blood sugar levels are just too out of...
Okay, what do you say?
1227 and 5th.
I think you're pardoned?
He could tell by looking at the computer.
And what does the computer say?
I definitely played the spot and I did the live spot.
I'm going to go with yes.
No.
You've done a live spot before every break, so yes.
You are out of your mind.
You're insane.
Between the two.
Come on.
I remember you doing that when Anthony Caliando, yes, absolutely.
I'm not saying a word.
Okay, he's a good guy.
We've won his business badly.
Hey, IRS tax problems that way of ruining all the aspects of your life.
They take it to a lot of you financially, physically and emotionally.
You can never really forget about your IRS problems.
They come back every morning when you wake up.
CPA Jamie Buckwell, the Buckwell tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind.
I'll make the Anthony Caliando, that spot could be in this break.
We'll do a long break because I didn't do it.
That's why other top CPA law firms are further clans to the Buckwell tax firm when they have problems with the IRS.
Line out of what potential criminal prosecution can all on file tax returns prepared,
even if you lost all your records.
Now, maybe you have an IRS lien, a wage livid, old payroll taxes and penalties.
Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than the only time to pay whatever your deal the Buckwell tax firm will help you out.
They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees, and immediately from IRS harassment.
And best of all, forget about those pinnacle of the IRS because the Buckwell handles all meetings and discussions.
You don't even have to go.
Call them today with the O-10 grant, a million or anything in between IRS taxes.
The Buckwell tax firm will get that monkey off your back.
Call 9-5-4-575-2800.
9-5 and what's this as well as going to do if precious is really leaving?
9-5-4-575-2800 today for your new obligation consultation or visit them on the web at irsfreedom.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking down that front door.
9-5-4-575-2800 and get that orangutan off your back.
You understand that the annual budget is increasingly un-5-60-8 AM.
Sir, guy that knew his true will, I would have just slotted by and pretended I did the spopp it out would be wrong.
I did it last hour because she keeps logging them back to back hours. You know the water Nazi who don't make mistakes didn't do it this hour.
Okay.
And I'm sure you're familiar with Anthony Kelly. I know the main man of acceptance capital mortgage.
So before you call any other mortgage company, let the main man tell you what you don't know.
Did you know that most banks only work with three different mortgage products?
Oh my god.
And if your credit's less than absolutely perfect, you're ready to hear the most famous two letter word in an English language.
No!
That's the one. If you're not working with the right lender, the chances of getting approved are only 50-50.
So be yourself a big favor call right now, one, trival eight for eight three loan.
That's one trival eight for eight three loan. Let the main man Anthony Kelly and her own his team put you into a mortgage that meets all you needs.
Avoid going to the wrong lender, maybe being turned on because you called the wrong number, called the main man of acceptance capital mortgage toll free.
One, eight eight for eight three loan. That's one trival eight for eight three loan. Every tenant close alone by the way.
A person is donated to kids in distress. So by calling anybody else avoid the old bait and switch with the deal that you're looking for by calling Anthony Kelly and her everybody's main man.
One, trival eight for eight three loan.
You bitch. You slut. You whore.
The temperature is zero. You ferry.
It is cold. It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows in my pants. Something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
Let's be cold. It's zero. Baby.
Incredible.
And I cannot feel my thoughts.
There's a feeling in my fingers.
And my pride that parts are false.
Oh, my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call. And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have few things in my thoughts. You ferry.
Let's be cold. It's zero. Baby.
I can barely move my mouth.
I'm a red hot-lusting lover.
But first I need to be born out.
Yes, I need to be born out.
That's because if you will.
Can you believe that? I'll say for the moment we have another one we can actually play.
And to listen to that during a break just to make sure.
Incredible.
Incredible.
So how many bits have we got now that we can play from the whole DCS?
530, man.
That's about it.
George and Miguel and Volkabriner, Treasure Island Day, 5-7,
Sanctinone, and Stoplight to win some heavy-duty prizes, man.
You won't believe the crap we're giving away.
And enjoy dance specials all night long.
And get drunk with the...
Yeah, she'll be there.
Not.
Treasure Island off the palm metal.
Just north of the 120 seconds free exit.
Now why wouldn't you go there to get drunk?
All right.
All your buddies.
Huh?
It's far from me.
Just off the palm metal, you only live in Coral Springs.
It can be more than like 45 minutes away.
It's a big deal with that.
Plus when you get home in three in the morning, I mean, there won't be any traffic.
Think about it.
Shut them over there, okay?
I mean, I'm telling you, I'm subsidizing those Indians.
But what?
What do you laugh about?
I don't know what's funny about that.
I mean, these people lied.
They...
I mean, just terrified.
The public out there, they did everything in their power to put a negative spin on that whole thing.
And then they wanted.
That wasn't a wrap.
You know what that would be like?
That would be like, if I sat here and I preached for days and hours and shows on it and about
the evils of meat and how it's going to clog your arteries and it's going to kill you and about the poor baby cows.
And then I opened up a steakhouse.
Didn't you see any difference?
Not really.
Trying to exploit all of this stuff that they were telling it was going to be so evil and horrible and the world was going to come to it.
Because they're hazards, man.
They wanted all for themselves.
They don't want just most of it.
They want all of it.
They want all your money.
White man.
God.
72 a.m., hello.
You're right, Q.A.M.
Yes sir.
My name is Mary, I'm owner of Mr. D. Streetson.
Yes sir.
I heard you guys got a few poll calls from the front of me.
Same that you guys were talking about me this morning.
Right.
And I just was wondering what stuff I could add in the information or answer any questions for you.
So how would you like a free plug, is that it?
No, actually, it doesn't matter.
And the place has been at the 30.
I love the free plug.
I would be okay.
I mean, you got six votes on it.
We're doing a poll on which it's got the best piece in the state of Florida.
You got six votes.
Somebody called it in and you know, give yourself a little plug if you like.
I'd love that.
Go ahead.
Thank you.
Hey, my name is Mario from Mr. D. Streetson.
That's what you just said, Mario, right?
And am I in here now?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, I picked up cool, but you know, how would you know that, right?
Exactly.
I just turned off the radio because I don't want any feedback.
Exactly.
But I've been in the place 24 years.
The place has been at 35 years.
It seems to be doing okay.
Right.
I want to thank my customers for enjoying my pizza.
Well, we got to let it stay in place.
Where's the low-key, Mario?
Give yourself a good little plug here, man.
We're located on Peter's Road.
And it's considered for a lot of office.
We're still on a corporate of Broward.
But we're right across here from Plantation.
We're on Old Peter's Road just west of 441.
Just real close to 441 on the Eels section of Peter's Road.
Right.
So they're considering annexing us into either Plantation or Davy soon.
Those are the two toss on the street.
Oh, don't do a Davy one.
You'll be double parking their horses right outside your place, Mario.
And you don't want that sent coming through on the basis of the Davy.
No, no, no, no.
You get that.
No, leave that in Davy where it belongs.
Yeah.
Hey, yes.
So thank you guys.
And then thank you, my customers, for the plugs I appreciate it.
I'll try to do the same thing for you guys for all the 20 years.
All right.
Good job, Mario.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Tony, you like that, huh?
Mario, from what's the name of the joint?
Mr. D.
Mr. D.
Well, how the hell do I know?
I mean, so there's 85,000 names on here.
I'm not paying too much attention.
I'm giving her.
Now, you guys sound like a good guy's doing a good job.
Mr. D.
At least it wasn't Mr. Z anyway.
Thank the Lord.
I feel like we just did about a 10 minute break and now we're doing another one.
What the hell is wrong with it?
See, that was me.
I mean, I was so whipped up into a frenzy when I heard that Frankie's was bringing in pizza.
I got so carried away that I just skipped random, you know, rest of the break there.
Top of the art.
And you won't bring any attention because you were also whipped up even though you're denying it.
Oh, you know, let's stake yesterday and I had how he's this.
You know, you are going to become gigantic.
You're going to become big.
No, I'm not.
Well, just look around you, man.
This is the fattest radio station I ever worked at.
The Beast used to be just like him.
Yeah, that's right.
It's three weeks ago.
Three weeks ago, the Beast looked like you looked like, you know, yesterday.
And they started working on Hank show.
Oh, God.
Just blowing up like somebody stuck a...
...pump.
Up in...
...shrieking.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
The poor Beast.
Now, fat boy, that's another story.
When we were at IOD, he was a big cow and he's still...
...and, yeah, don't believe there are stories about taking three dozen donuts home.
He ate them before he got home.
Remember the scene in Faso when he ate all the Chinese food in the car?
Or he didn't see Faso.
Either one of you see Faso?
I have not.
I saw him.
And you haven't?
Joshua.
No, I said I have not.
He just said I have not.
Miguel.
I have.
I have to call you by name, Miguel.
That's the one of you, yeah.
I didn't like the movie.
You didn't like Faso.
No, that's for fat people.
No, that's true.
That is true.
Hey, let me tell you right now about something for fat people and skinny people.
And any people would have brainened that's dry concepts.
For these people have been going strong for almost 30 years.
In South Florida.
How much did this a Zidium Carp reclining joints that have come and gone during that period of time?
Dry concepts is around because they'd be the best.
I've used them in my homes for over 20 years.
I keep telling you that because it happens to be true because I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else.
Even when I had my two dogs and my carpets were like touch and go all the time, mostly go.
The answer was they have dry concepts come in.
They dry clean your carpets no matter how hopeless they may look right now.
They leave them looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new.
They smell em and fresh.
They grind an hour and a half to two hours and believe you me, you really can clean today.
Entertain tonight what you called dry concepts.
Now most carpet cleaning companies are notorious for giving you like 595 per room scams
and then really ripping you off and sucking a two when they finish the job.
Not a dry concept.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the job.
Whatever it is for you whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your area rug, your expensive oriental rug.
Or maybe even all of these things.
So give them a call.
You'll never be disappointed when you call dry concepts and they'd rout into Palm Beach.
It's a tool-free call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked way with dry concepts.com.
That's dry concepts making carpet clean in South Florida since 1979.
You are listening to new Roger.
You have a school of security on 560-60-60-8UAM.
That gives plateels with a treat.
Once you manage to balance your self-unheals, then you look like a purple lady.
Okay remember to grab the towel.
Yes.
No, no.
Very tough way to fight.
I'm gonna run.
Run, you coward.
I'm so proud.
Now what's the meaning of this?
Can't you see I'm not busy?
It's Bokka.
He said a word.
And I don't know what to do.
I just don't know what to do.
What word?
He said.
He said, torture.
Hmm.
Toger.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't know.
You're all right.
I already do.
I can't do that.
Now I'll call Joyce and get to the bottom of all of them.
Oh, what?
Dove.
Yes.
But you have a quarter.
For why?
It's a pay cell phone.
Sure here.
Hello, Joyce.
And now look, we have a word that Bokka said.
We don't know what it means.
It's Toger.
Yes.
I know.
Okay.
What did she say?
Well, she doesn't know either.
But we'll stall pain and on Bokka's invoice in other two months.
Just for good measure.
Oh, that's a relief.
Now get up on my desk and pretend you're a chicken again.
Oh, wow.
Look.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
It's 1248.
1231.
We got Mohawar David and his...
We're coming along at the two.
Mad Dog from 4 to 65 because at 5 till 7, we got UMFIU baseball with the Uncle's Joe Zagaki
and the Beast.
And then 10 o'clock, we have the baseball we got to any K.
Here's a fact that says from Don, Jerry's pizza in Bokka, but he says in very accurately,
most Florida pizza blows.
I mean, Florida had like great pizza.
Take a look.
Number three.
You know, what do we got?
Papa John's is number four, which of course is a chain, right?
Pizza is right on its...it's tied.
They both have...
About 30, man.
Close.
30 a piece.
Let's see, the salvo is also a chain, although not in the same godfather is also a different kind of chain.
Because Oli's 23 is a chain, right?
Little Caesar's a chain.
Yes.
Sparrows.
Sparrows has 12.
I just can't deal with that.
Why?
12 too many for you.
Domino's has seven.
Well, these sparrows has more than Domino's.
That's good.
Why?
Because Sparrows is like industrial strength.
It's like rating pizza at 7.11.
Remember when McDonald's used to have pizza?
No.
Well, there you go.
You see, what do you know about anything?
You see the McDonald's or Burger King, and I'm pretty...one of the other.
I was pretty sure it was Mickey Doonies.
When they hit pizza.
I'm Tonya, man.
This is a long time ago.
It's got to be longer, because that was living in Kendall, so it's about a year ago.
And they used to have pizza.
Go through the drive-through, and it would take like an extra three, four minutes.
And they'd heated up and won a little plie.
You know, cardboard things, and it was...they claimed it was pizza.
And it was caca.
Huh?
You lived in Kendall?
Sure.
Where?
107th.
And?
Kendall?
I lived right up and down a street.
I lived in four quarters.
Habitat.
It was a fun time.
I lived in horizons, and then I lived on a corner there.
I had a water place, a condo, a townhouse.
How about that?
I forget what that all the name of the joint was, but what the result?
I lived up and down 107th between Kendall Drive and Sunset.
And it was just in the years ago, and you still couldn't drive.
It was still congested.
It was still pathetic.
Nobody's still spoke at English, and now take a look at it.
You go, because I don't want to go.
No, I had a hundred cents suck.
Just, I mean, congested to beat the band.
I mean, you couldn't get anywhere.
So I just got out.
And with the first-ever Sieges Pembert Pines, which was definitely a step in the right direction.
You know what I mean?
North.
Go North Young Man.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
I think Miguel and Hank are probably the last two who lost them.
And Hank's all the way up in Eventura.
He's getting close to Broward.
He's getting real close.
Now, where do you live?
I'm done by Coral Way.
Oh my God, like I said.
And you wonder why this man is so isolated from what's really going on in the rest of town?
My Coral Way?
Holy Toledo.
Thank you, man.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, here's a guy.
All right.
You guys are getting frankies, man.
That's stuck to the schnitz, man.
Yeah, well, we'll find out.
Okay, I'm glad you like it.
Like he's going to end its not there yet, by the way.
It's not here.
Yeah.
Well, let's go.
Come on, Frankies.
Let's go, baby.
Of course they had like, you know, cooked special, the chef cooked special for you.
Sure he did.
Yeah.
Like my greens, maybe.
They're like more green, say the chef cooks special or girls are not your eyes out.
All of that stuff.
And you know what else he said, don't you?
What's that?
You know who I am.
I'm more green.
I made my bone when you were going out with cheerleaders.
He said it really wasn't worth selling them out all that long.
And I think he had a good point.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I know.
Two pieces of places.
First one is James, basically in Broward.
I think.
Big Louis.
Big Louis, OK.
I remember that.
And that guy said that, Compone, it's called a flicker light.
You know what I mean?
Really nice about it.
Other than the greasy pizza from Chicago, it's on the water.
OK.
Well, you know, he's throwing the water if it's really bad.
Now see, she said the woman had called before about that place.
Compone's candlelight to joint is that it was a Chicago style.
So it is thick and it's going to be greasy because that's the way they make it.
That's what you love about Chicago pizza.
Now Godfathers, like I've tried telling you before, even though you don't want to hear about it
because you're sick and tired of hearing about Godfathers is thick but it's not greasy.
It's a different product.
First, doozy, doozy, got it?
So somebody sent it back to over a menu from somewhere.
From what?
It's a pizza menu.
A pizza menu from where?
That's what I don't know.
Oh.
What I'm probably going to borrow.
Let's see.
It says, you knuckleheads.
It is Anthony's coal fire pizza on U.S.1 about a mile north of 595 on a west side of the road.
This is from Paul who's getting really pissed off.
I was hoping no one would call in their name since it's so, oh, I see what he's upset about.
It's difficult to get in there.
Do we have it on there?
Anthony's coal fire pizza?
Yeah, it's on there.
Well, this guy, Paul, he's upset because now public's about to pee.
The public is going to know about it and they're going to like infest this place and go in there because it's really great.
And he's not going to be able to get a tail.
Oh, well too bad, Paul.
So sorry.
He wrote, tough to be man.
Look what he wrote.
Look on the pole.
Oh, wait, would Josh wrote?
Yeah.
Oh.
Do fairy.
He writes on here, Anthony's coal fire, one word, coal fire.
Yeah, there's nothing like a coal fire.
Just pick your hands over, man.
Watch the skin peel off.
Oh, that's a nice coal fire.
Maybe just take Josh's head in it for while.
See if it helps.
It's coal, COA, coal.
You know, like black coal, coal fire pizza.
Two words.
Anthony's coal fire.
Can he handle it?
Coal fire.
Yeah, now they imagine it.
Donald Trump will be in there in a minute.
That's a good question.
Good, Paul.
Who's going to show up first?
Donald Trump or friends with the pizza from Frankies.
Ron from Hollywood says, I'm from Chicago.
Capone's flicker-like pizza sucks.
He says they wouldn't be in business here there in Chicago.
Also he says, Conca de Ora on the circle does have great depot.
The sun is the owner of full videos or is that full videos?
Full videos on Harrison and 19th Avenue open a restaurant called Luché.
And you see Luché.
The doors, two doors west of his dance place,
they have a great Neapolitan pizza, thin and a Luché special that's got thin slices of tomato instead of so hot.
Plus, ooh, I like that.
That sounds pretty damn good, isn't it?
Luché, which is right kitty corner down from a full videos.
Got those?
We got Luché on there and you see?
Got it.
Okay.
I don't want to overburden you now because you might want to work a few calories off before Frankies shows up with those big heavy pies.
All seven are right there.
You're schlepping home.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Live.
On a really momentous Wednesday.
I think this is the day we kind of turned the food corner.
You know, turned to the food corner.
How many QA and hello?
Eel.
Yes sir.
I heard you saying Frankies is going to be delivering.
Is that the one on how to be delivered?
Is it what?
The Franks on how to be delivered?
I'm sure you're probably familiar with that.
I've got two people on hold here.
What the hell am I doing?
Hello?
I'm trying to get rid of these people and I can't get rid of them.
I've got 15 lines on hold now.
Why is that?
Eel.
Let's get rid of him.
I apologize but I screwed up.
I meant to get rid of that other one and I wanted to put him on hold.
Sorry.
Hey listen, I can't be, I can't be perfect man.
You put them all on hold if you want.
I know we did.
QA and hello?
Nero.
Yes sir.
I got a piece of joint for you.
I'm here with my partner in like 68 Avenue called Antonio's.
Antonio's?
I bet it's on there already.
It's on there already?
It's got 13 votes.
Okay.
Thanks.
Well at least it was short and sweet to the point he likes you's happy.
We've pacified him.
We got 13 on her.
What's your call Frankie's area?
Yeah.
Now we want an honest opinion.
I mean anytime people bring food in there if they're not a sponsor.
I mean if they're a sponsor we're going to lie for them.
But if not a sponsor we're going to just get told like it is.
Right?
That's what we'll be doing.
So that's why it's taking a little bit extra time because this particular one they're going to make really good.
You're a sneak in meal Roger.
The rest of us want to buy some pizza.
QA and M.
I all my favorite Republicans.
This is not drugs.
And it's time for the news.
Excuse me applauding.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers.
One to two.
Power.
You can't not wear the slowratton.
Lowratton.
Lowratton.
You're better for your pants higher.
Lowratton.
You're going to get a lesson.
But rest of you for crack position.
Right coach.
Hey.
50 dollars per pack in a real bummer.
Going to be parties on all those plumbers.
Lowratton.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
You're starting to get a few edges.
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
like to question yeah can I eat the crust no because it sends my blood sugar skyrocketing it says tilt on my little machines when I eat it I can't eat it I mean you can eat a little bit of bread but not really not supposed to when you have diabetes I'm just
on you all the things that you have to sacrifice when you become a type 2 diabetic got it got it no you don't you're right.
Huh? You're right. I don't.
Okay. There's like the beast there. All these people in denial. There's like the Humper. There's another example.
Yeah. Oh yeah. He didn't have a diabetes. Well guess what? Guess what he's got. Are we comparing me with the beast?
Get, get him. I'm not comparing you with anybody. I'm just giving you a little friendly word of warning. Okay.
Because the last couple of days you sound like you're so food intensive. You may burst. Okay. I eat a lot.
They may have to start feeding you through a few if you keep this up. You may have to borrow Terry's.
Chewb. Pretty soon. You got to use it. That's for sure. Although I've had the honey which you're like to get a hold of that.
Chewb. Yeah. I wish he would disappear in it. In fact he might be able to wish he would go down that.
Chewb. Right. Along with rush speaking of. Chewb. Yeah.
I'm just telling you. I know people all I've been preached to a lot was just most people aren't aware of that.
They think well diabetes. Okay. You have to take insulin or some pills. Yeah.
But you also have to give up all these foods that you love. Now I'm not a big bread person.
Thank goodness. I can live without bread. But I do like great garlic rolls. I don't eat them anymore.
But I mean you know back in the day. Good stuff. It is great stuff.
Mary of the Baker happens to have fabulous garlic rolls sensational just dripping in garlic.
Oh god. Yummy. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and he provides them singular wireless line.
WDQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How's it hanging? All right.
All right. And Neil best pizza place in Dendol at the Town and Country Center.
Two brothers pizza right by the movie theater there.
You're all right. I think they're two brothers. Now I wonder if that was the same two brothers that had the
place up on 441. It shut down years ago. It's not great. It's not it's not the same place.
They used to be inside the Town and Country Mall years ago. Right. Now they moved outside right by the right
right right next to the movie theater. Upside there in the outside area.
Fantastic real Italian pizza. All right. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. Thanks Billy.
Two brothers in Kendall. You got it. Got it.
But from another convalescent center. Just talking about Michael Shiveau and and let's not.
Let's not say we did. We are Shiveau to death. Okay. Just just keep that shoe out of there.
And he's crazy people. And it really aren't all that many of you know. It's the same old
fetus squeezing anti-science stem cell hating embryo looking the same lunatics always the same crowd.
What's with all the fine? Anyway. Well, what do you expect?
Well, also they got to do. They got no life. Free Terry. Okay. Let her. That's a good idea.
Free. Let her out in the yard and see what she does. Okay. Let her roam.
Since everybody since a brother is going on here about how active and vibrant she is and singing.
Did you see any of the tape? I'm sure you must have where they show the
somebody talking her and then try to get her attention. You know, like, oh no.
Over here, Terry or you know, her head keeps sliding on her.
Her cerebral cortex is almost all water. She has. She the part of your brain that has the
thinking function. It doesn't even exist anymore. It doesn't. It's not going to make some kind of
a spontaneous comeback. Okay. So all of these people are going to stick to. There are no other
people's private lives. And the fact that the parents are encouraging this, that to me is just,
it's outrageous. It's just outrageous. I mean, if they want to fight their own personal battle
and they have been that that's their business, but appealing to all of these other people in the
federal government and the state government to interfere outrageous is what it is.
Here's a thanks that says Tony's. Oh, you're right, Palm Springs North. Well, I'm sorry.
Uh, you folks in probably don't know from PSN. Okay. It sounds like some kind of a religious
TV network. PSN, with Janet Paul Crotch. PSN Palm Springs North. Tony's is the best I've tried
and I've had other Tony's. PSN stands for Pot Smoking Neighborhood. Okay, great. It's just cliff.
Okay. So what is it called? Tony's what? Because I threw the other one away. I should make
it. Tony's in PSN. Tony's in PSN. Pot Smoking Hood. You are listening to Neil Roger
it's collusion layer on 516. You're all on it.
It's dangerous if I have the talent of the movement at 560 WUH.
You're fair. Delvie. Delvie. Talking on a board show.
Trying to be my show. Your voice sounds just like a sad thing here old girl. A little sports
whole show. What else are you there for? Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training? No. Like that. You understand. You don't sound like a man.
We move the rubber back. That choke. Your stroke. Come. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie.
Delvie. Your lucky management don't care. Cause, Delvie. You don't belong there on the air.
And Delvie. The sports can't wait to your voice cracks. Cause anyone who sounds like that
should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Delvie. Delvie. When you're gonna grow up. You make us want to grow up.
Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie. Delvie.
Your great. Your best. Your voice makes you sound like a man. You're fair.
You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man. You're a man.
Are you sure? What's 17th? How's the Afranchi's coming? They drop you up yet? No.
Well, somebody that we gave them bad directions if you didn't speak to them.
Right. I'm sure nozzlin knows what the station is. Oh, that's right. It was nozzlin.
I was thinking it was, you know what, the thing. And, uh, and what about, and you got
Brad there already with Tony's, right? Right. So you got a little something to start on while
you're waiting. Kind of cleans your palate. Carolyn Faxson says, PSN I think is a Pensacola.
On a spank's North, we didn't know either Carolyn. So don't feel too bad.
What else you might do? You did know. I said it. Well, big deal. Well, what do you know about
Palm Springs North? What do you know about Palm Beach County? Huh? Nothing. What is the
last time you were in Palm Beach County? Ever go to Voka? I've been there. You ever go to New
York Prime with Mo? He hasn't invited me yet. On Comedy Central last night, John Stewart played
the Rick Sanchez, do it in R. R. R. and it hurts Taven. It was his terrible play again in
the slow motion. Even funny. Just Carol. That's good. I wonder if they talked about the guy that died
in the front of the stadium. The Rick hit. A woman who lives four miles south of Tampa International
Airport claims she was sprayed by fuel dumped from a jet flying low over her neighborhood.
Sounds like a good lawsuit, Vicki. The accusation was denied by both airport and federal officials.
Vicki Morris, 51, a real estate agent, said she was on a walk daily walk Monday night.
When the legend said it occurred, she said she heard a whooshing sound,
consistent with a plane hovering overhead, and then felt a mist accompanied by a strong fuel odor.
It was like somebody aboard a caracene to start a fire said Morris, who said she
had difficulty breathing and experienced tingling over skin and scalp after the incident.
Sounds like a big fat lawsuit to me. Airports spokesman Brenda Gagan said there was no emergency.
They would have forced a jet to dump its fuel Monday night and FAA spokeswoman Kathleen
Bergen concurred. There was no emergency declared no authorized dumping a fuel in the area of Morris
as claimed Bergen said Morris said she went through three bottles of air freshener. I bet
you Josh was going through three bottles of booze while she was going through three bottles of air
freshener while battling the sandwich was still slightly the type of blood neighborhood early Tuesday.
I just wanted to say to the last guy that we had that was in coherent, look what happened to him.
What happened to him? The last one of your people, what do you mean what happened to him?
Oh yeah, yeah that one. I mean, Jeff here was a known carcinogen that causes irritation to
eyes and eyes, your headaches and my head. No, the only reason George scrapped the other one
up off the floor is because he felt responsible because he just wanted to brought him in there.
Number one and number two, it was one of his people. What is it? That was his boy.
That was his boy. I wish he would deny right now vehemently and vigorously but that was his
fear eyes not so fear-haired boy. I don't have that. Oh, I don't have that. Oh yeah, I don't have it.
So played a few times. It between that tube. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and maybe that's why he passed
out on the floor. Maybe he was like inhaling something out of the lawn.
You right. What it was? WNQAM. Hello. Neil, how you doing, guys?
Pretty good. You had mentioned Frankie's doing the delivery earlier.
Yeah. That's a Frank's on howl. No, he's a little hard. Just the uh, I have no idea. Is it?
I don't know if you're familiar with that one. It's really like an old style place.
Really good pizza. Okay. Well, we're holding our breath. We're waiting for him to show up.
Okay. Also, have you heard anything about this guy? Gary Fisher guy and his
diet traps against us against the Yidlach? Gary Fisher? Yeah, the guy who's been looking
at it in the chess board too long. No, Bobby Fisher. Not Gary Fisher. Bobby Fisher. Yeah.
Yeah. What's with that guy? Uh, anti-semit crazy person. He's a mischugant,
a man. Exactly. Well, uh, how do I mean? Dread as I say in China.
What are you, pal? Oh, yeah. That's like a good thing. And back back at you.
Just Vydania, Totsy and Doey, Chow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Let's take a peek at the pool
because the number one spot is already locked down. Pizza loft, Jeff Cohen. We put him on
the map. We made him lots and lots of money. And then man, he just, he let us loose like a,
like like turning on a rat, right? Any like a cornered rat? Huh? He dropped it. It's okay.
We can add let's do the fun. Let our way along, Jeff. Pizza loft 101.
Mary of the Baker 42. Cusola's Pizza 36. Steve's 34. Of course it was Rimmers fault.
See, Rimmers the one that did it. Papa John 33. Pizza Hut 32 to Salvo's 31.
Frankie's 29. Frankie's doing pretty well. Well, I've actually just died and to find out how good
their pizza is, aren't you? Literally. Yes. Where is it? I don't know. Pizza time 29.
Godfather's 27. Cusola's 24. Little Caesar's 18. Antonio 17. Antonio, I'm sorry. Antonio.
You know, the woman who plays Pilar, I know you don't watch you. The one who, of course,
will be not the manly thing to do. A soap opera, which is really a comedy, not a soap opera.
But the woman who plays Pilar on air, who's got the two sons, well, she had three sons,
Luis and Miguel and Antonio. And of course, Antonio was in a plane when they got blown up.
But she's the best. She's just great. Great actor. She's from Miami, by the way. I just mentioned that.
Okay. Pilar. She's fabulous. Anyway, imagine we got a couple of people to watch her passions and
a show maybe three or four. And if not, you're missing out. I keep telling George that even if
it's just to see Sheridan. Antonio 17. Sparrow 14. That is puke inducing, man. Who's Jessica Sierra?
Can't perform again. More bling bling for Rupert. Exactly. Another way to talk about Simon.
Or she another fake idol person is at it. Yes, so. Sparrow 14. Pizza roustico 13, which I hear is
pretty damn good. John a Baker 13. Tony's 12. The big cheese 11. Mimey's best 11. Mike's 11.
Domino's 10. Oh my god. Even fat. Domino's upshucking from that all over the piano keys.
God. The love and oven nine. Hungry. How is his God nine? How do you like that, Josh?
Cortist. Hungry. How is his God nine? Well, he went over to the front. Oh, well, did the food come?
Looks like. Wow. Frankie's is here. Let's hear it. Oh, all right. That would be great.
Of course, how am I going to know? Because I mean, he's got, you know, you'll have to taste it too.
Oh, you're tasting so great either. Wow. Look at all this stuff. Wait, you got a lot of stuff.
Oh, this is coming in. This has been really something. And the best part of it is I'm not going to
get fat by all the food coming in because I'm not eating any of it. Although I'm doing a good job
getting fat right here. Just listening to it. Hungry. How is nine? Vito's eight. Syro's seven.
Mr. D seven who called in nice guy. That was that guy's name. Take it apart. The guy from Mr. D
that called him. What that was his name? Mr. D. No, you were said, I am. What's your excuse?
I'm a daughter. I'm old man with the pizza in front of me now. I get out of here. You guys,
anyways, Vito or something like that. Enzo, the baker. What am I looking at? The big cheese
a la. I already did that. See, I'm skipping around here. It's your fault. Anthony's cool fired six.
Amichi six. Umberto's five. Components flicker light four. Times square four. Mozilla's four.
Brooklyn boys four. Amores four. Wise guys four. Jerry's three. Red Rock three. Nix or three.
Mama's three. Mama Mia's three. Marino's pizza three. Puffies two. Villarose two and Hollywood.
Okay. What do you mean? Like Delveque is two. Sir pizza's got one. Uncle Frank's one. Papa Piccolo's
one. Esposito's one. Hot soba one. Take out. Pogies has got one. Antones in port. Whatever that is.
A PSN don't have any yet. Two brothers zero. Luce Nan. Sarah's none. Jane. Oh, it's not. And Franco's done.
I have almost seven undervoved. How's it? What do you got there? We got a bunch of pizzas.
Let me give them a book. Okay. A bunch of pizzas. Now the audience wants to know just what's going to happen?
How many is a bunch? You got to one from Tony's there from Brad. We got we got four pizzas here.
From Frankie's total. Total four from Frankie's and that sounds like five. Oh no, Delveque, Quattro,
Chinkway, right? Chinkway? Right. Well, we threw the other one. We weren't going to eat it. You know,
yeah. So let's just take care of that. But we got four from Frankie's 90 second. I have in
Bird Road, right? Right. So thanks to them. If they've been there for over 50 years. So they've
been there for about a year. It's not the one in Hellendale. Look, I was talking about this one. Oh,
that. Well, I know of that. Well, now one is supposed to be fantastic. Every time we ever
talked about pizza, they get calls. And all that they've been there for 50 years. We got a lot.
Let's hear it. I want to hear you bite into a slice, both the Frankie's pizza. What do you got?
A papi runny? Well, if you got four, it must be more than just papi runny. What do you got?
Half baked pizzas too. Oh, yeah. That's something. In other words, to take home. They give them around
the world. This is a, this is the big deal pizza place around 50 years. You know, I wonder if they
shipped a can today. Well, not that great because the pizza here is from hungry man. Oh, it is just crap.
It's almost criminal to call what they serve as pizza here. Pizza. It's just garbage. There's no good
pizza up there. I haven't found anything that that I eat it. But I mean, you know, once in a while,
you know, they want to keep a little bit. Huh? They want to ship you some pizza. So they really?
So you can eat the toppings? No, no, thanks. Now that's a bad. I appreciate it very much, but it's a
bad idea. Well, I'll be down there very soon. I'll be down there very soon. They can bring some in
then. We can have a feeding friends and give me a stroke right. A massive stroke right on here.
How's that sound? All right. Moking come in and watch that happen. I'm sure you'll dance up and
down and put his hands in his pants pockets. 27 after one at five 60 WQM spring is here. And I was
a great time to get on down to Armstrong Ford Home Step for some great deals on new O5s.
Right now, get behind the wheel of a focus or escape with $2,000 cash back from Ford and zero. Let
me say it again, zero percent financing. How about an exhibition with three grand cash back? 1.9
percent financing. Check out the O5 Ford or Explorer right now. Armstrong Ford Home Step. You get
$2,500 cash back and 1.9 percent financing. And don't forget only when you buy from our friends
at Armstrong Ford Home Step where you give this unbeatable deal. They give you their exclusive
tires, parts and batteries for life program. Plus a free Florida sun pass. What the hell is not to like?
Armstrong Ford is proud of their service men and women too. And if you're in the military or have
a relative in the military, no matter if it's active duty, reservist, national guard or coast guard,
you'll get that military appreciation discount too from Armstrong Ford. They've been rich in a
staff guarantee and the best price in town. And it'll treat you fantastic because being locally owned
and operated, they want to make you a customer full-life. Armstrong Ford Home Step 30725 South
Thixie Highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 and well worth the drive.
Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com. Give David or Victor a call, 305-247-5112-305-247-5112. But
better yet, drive a little extra and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
You are listening to Neil Roger Bitts, who will be on my 5th day at your all-on.
We like to verbalize. We like to verbalize. We like to verbalize.
Oh, let's verbalize.
And we never feel...
133-2702-2-2-2-1. Okay, so how was it?
It's good. Delicious. And by the way, I don't want to do this show anymore.
I've never eaten so much of my life.
Really? This just this one...
Only one more day. Good Lord.
But yeah, but look at the service you're doing. Can you imagine if the beast had been working this week?
Oh man.
If Clarence's boyfriend would have been working that and had to carry him out there and had to stick the...
SHOO!
Right in his ear.
The stakes in the pizza. It might have killed him.
Oh, it's not a control.
Yeah, that would have put him over the edge.
The beast. Poor little modeling fool.
I might have found poor little fool by working else and that was about the beast.
You might be sitting in this seat that I want to eat so much.
Now, and then bring anything beside pizza or just four pizzas.
No, just pizza. Good stuff.
Those real thick, you know?
So, I like it.
Really?
Yeah.
Who sounds fantastic?
So in other words, there are a couple there that you could like take home because they're half-baked and you can finish them off in the oven?
Right.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
This is the week that Josh Cordis officially became part of the neorodgers show, okay?
Oh!
Once you start talking with your mouthful and you're picking it out on a free food, then, you know, you're in.
Kenola Kitchen in Boca, awesome pizza. Just had a slice with tomato slices basil, mozzarella
squares and red-ride peppers. Mmm, says Alex. Also a woman must never keep up the good
work. Thanks Alex. Kenola Kitchen in Boca, you got it? Yeah, I got it. I'm here as
you know you can maybe type an e at the same time. Also as far as Terry Shavos' Alex,
death is an answer apart of living. What happened to dying with dignity? That's why I'm
volunteering at the hospice they have. They have the right idea. Nice going Alex, good
work. Oh look at this. This is a great story from Sky News, the silly brits. From
Ed and Poor Lauderdale, thanks Ed. A factory worker has been killed after being sucked
into an industrial sausage grinder. Oh no. Two of the men's colleagues watched as their
workmate was minced in the giant machine. He was minced. You're fairy. It has stopped
the 40-year-old Norwegian man was sucked into the meat machine but it's possibly toppled
from his workstation above it. The victim was named as yet to be released died instantly.
Police in Oslo, that's in Oslo, Norway, the silly weijens, where the accident happened
said we don't know what caused the accident but it's possible they vacuumed both up in
the grinder. Maybe the cue was a little bit too much suction on it. You think authorities
have launched a formal investigation and suspected the conscious rate in particular on the
grinder's safety mechanism. Cue open him. Wow. Suck in a little bit too hard. There
you go. Sad. I got to play because I keep playing that one drop. Where the hell is it?
Here it is. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is Rush Wimbaugh. Servant of
humanity, Tuxhoe host, Temroyd suffer. Folks, it over 300 pounds. I know the agony of this
kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help with new Preparation
Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories. Now you can end the pain and ishring of
hemorrhagotis you. Just for my picture on the box of Suppositories and the applicator
cube. Another fine product from OIV. The obesity and broadcasting network applicator cube.
Okay, come down. Papa couple more. Twenty four to two. I am the this is disgusting speaking
to him and all the other fascists we have running America now. The Federal Elections Commission
has begun considering whether the issue new rules on how political campaigns are waged
on the internet. A regulatory process that's expected to take months to complete but that's
already generating considerable angst online. The agency is weighing whether and how to impose
restrictions on a host of online activities including campaign advertising and politically
oriented blogs. Elections officials are reluctantly taking up the issue after losing a court
case last fall. The FEC which enforces Federal Election Law had issued scores of regulations
delineating how the campaign finance reform legislation adopted in 2002 ought to be implemented.
But obnoxious representative Chris Shays of Connecticut and Martin T. Me and Massachusetts
who sponsored the legislation can play that many of those rules were too lax and they
successfully sued to have them rescinded. The Commission must now rewrite a number of
those directions including ones that left online political activities virtually free
from government regulation which of course is the way it ought to be. The government
has about as much business regulating online as they do in Terry Shabba's cube. Right.
We're almost certainly going to move from an environment in which the internet was
per se not regulated where it's going to be regulated. In some part said FEC Commissioner
David and Mason a Republican that ship has huge significance because it means that people
who are conducting political activity on the internet are suddenly going to have to worry
about or at least be conscious of certain legal distinctions and lines they didn't use
to have to worry about. How do you like that? I'm telling you pretty soon their tentacles
and their testicles are going to be everywhere you look. They're going to be all over the
place. There's no stop at them. Crazy people. They're running America man they take it
over. They are they got their finger on it. Look at the way the pizza lot is very
recompetic. Is that quite a tribute to the show? Yes. I think it's more of a tribute to
us than it is like to Jeff. I mean you know Jeff's pumping the stuff out there you know
he's pumping it out. Pizza lot 106. Huge loyal following thanks to yours truly.
Deal. Come on. Mary of the Maker 43. Cousolas. Now what what the hell is that? Cousolas
be great. Steves in North 9035 even a hopper loves that. He don't need any pizza by the
way. Don't leave any food laying around that Hank might eat in the morning. Oh that's
right he won't be there. He's going to be at the crystal palace in the Bahamas doing
you show next to mornings. Probably picking out although I will say that a couple of times
I was over there what a food is just oh wow. I'd rather eat it more since I would rather
gum my food at Duff's. Oh the food in the Bahá. Now that's quite a while ago. It's
going to be great. And most of that be great once we have the slots at the four per mutual
sites because then a lot of people will have to keep slipping over there to be treated
like crap to be treated like human garbage which is generally the way it seems to have
everybody I talked to tells me the same thing. Now the hopper likes to go over there because
he can plunge his guts out. It's a freebie. They probably wine him and dine him and got
on those what else right. Yeah they treat us great at the crystal palace. Oh you've been
over there many times with the hopper. Yes well I don't know about that. He was his producer
before he was yours. Oh no that's why he called you in there this morning to ask you
if you got lucky over there. Now he wasn't talking about gambling either. No he wasn't.
Sounds really pornographic and discreet. What kind of a show is he running there?
No one.
Let's find out why.
Exclusive.
This is talent who is with Jeff Ganon. The White House Press Corps is most trusted
name in journalism. Hi Jeff Ganon here with your top or bottom of the hour right wing
ground I low down. Christian's rejoice. It's Rapture Mania. Fearless leader Boge says
in a White House memo written by Andrew Card that God spoke to him last night about the
Rapture. After reassuring fearless leaders that it won't matter how bad things get we're
all gonna die anyway. He added that after taking a closer look at Fat Pasty Redneck Christian
morons he decided to leave their clothes on with the Rapture gum. And now these words
from the front page of my website. Attention Christian Republican men. Are you looking
for a marine now you're conveying the Bible and me. Check my website for appointment availability
on Jeff Ganon mail hooker dot com. Keep me as I am or for less than a fist full of dollars
more I can satisfy most fetishes including reading passages from Bill O'Reilly's latest
text novel while dressed as a Catholic school girl. If you long to be a closer to God by
saying oh God that's good. Let Jeff Ganon erect a thief on your shirt. It's 14614 till
two. You're fairy. The Justice Department has asked the full court of appeals to I hear
the Shabbo case. Oh brother. It wasn't enough to three judge panel. They want the whole
of circuit court of appeals to hear it and about to meet better. But I said they just won't
stop it at you business you know. They just won't leave it alone. Best piece of Johnny
Geese. Geese is that G's I'm going to go with I see Johnny G's. Is that like Chuckie
cheese and Johnny G's where is the G's with maybe they use cheese with flamingo rodent
Sheridan streets as Dan Johnny G's G. I guess we'll spell the way he said right. Okay. I
would think G apostrophe S. But he says Johnny G's G E E Z E is an old G's boy sounds
to me like you got a mouth full of food too mister for me. Yeah. Yeah right full crap.
I mean I know I know I know. So how is it pretty good? Delicious. I hope we're eating
a whole pie by himself right now. Get out of here. You're feeding if you're giving him
any of the food you will have to be kidding me aren't you? Hey, I'm not. I was not
he just did. Is that him? Yeah that was him. That was really him. Eating eating food.
Hi, I'm not. I want to know for real how many of those donuts you ate last week. He
says three. Foxes. No three. No three dozen. No. Don't lie to us. How many of you
did you eat at this point of second to make a difference? How many? Come on.
Zero. He says. Yeah. Yeah. He never keeps going down and down. Yeah. He fifth
seriously. Why did Josh Quartz give that man food? You're a murderer. He's gonna he's
gonna pop right over. Probably you'll probably want to be crushed under the weight of
him. You know what? You'll probably have to suck your ass out of there with a shoe. Yeah.
It's wrong with you. Is he actually eating pizza? Please. Please. Please tell me no. Please.
I'm gonna send you a picture. No. I know. I got a good memory. I'm dying on the way. Yeah.
We know that. Oh God. I'm just moving on. I do whatever. Have a good time. Okay. Enjoy
it. So a Southwest Florida woman was sentenced to 30 days. Buster.
Man. And jail for killer. Now let me ask you that anybody else in the building come in
there for free pizza? Just doff. Well, doff. I mean, what do you expect? You know?
Grieb. Come in. Shmeep. Grieb came in. Uh huh. I guess he didn't hear that poker
brand. But we're not planning. Um, well, that was going to save. He. Well, no other sales
people came in. All right? No. No other sales people came in when they heard there was
tons of pizza. They're only somebody who really needs it bad. They're busy calling everybody
on that list right now. Oh, man. So what can you do? This is disgusting. Southwest Florida
woman was sentenced to 30 days. Buster. Man. This is in Naples, no less. For killing her
neighbors, Chihuahua with a shotgun telling the dogs owner in court that she was scared
with an attack. Or the Chihuahua. One does Ziggler 49 of Golden Gate. Please no contest
to date a one felony kind of animal cruelty. Senior judge Jack Scoon over agreed to withhold
a formal finding of guilt of the charge. Ziggler will be allowed to serve her jail time on
weekend work detail. The judge also censored a two years probation and six months house arrest.
Maybe she has to wear the dog collar around her ankle. Ziggler was arrested July 31 after
admitting she shot and killed the dog, which belonged to her then neighbor. Ziggler told
that it is easy to while we reput repeatedly want it into her yard. That's the American
way, baby. She said in court, she grabbed a shotgun and if her two warning shots in the
year to try to scare off the dog, I was scared by the dog. Came out to behind my garbage can
said Ziggler. The dog left after the warning shots, but soon returned. Ziggler told her
former neighbor in court. That's when the dog tried to attack me. She said, that's
when I shot the dog. The dog's owner told Ziggler she didn't believe her. There's
a lot of people like that shooting a little chihuahua. I'm not putting in Naples, you barbarians,
you lunatics. I'm going to build warning shots. They ought to give her the cube. Right.
I don't want to tell you where, but that's it. That sounds like it to me. Yeah, she tried
to cover a warning shot. Just a couple. Hey, you know how scary them chihuahua is going
to be. Oh my god. Two times your wallet. I think just tear her to shreds. So now let's
fly that one. It's really going on there. Okay. I mean, I, you know, I'm so glad I'm
not there to see it myself. Now, who's eating what? You had to pie from bread from Tonys
to start. What happened to that? That's in the kitchen right now. Someone's in the kitchen
with Tonys and then he had these fruit pies from Frankie's. Thanks again, Tonys and Frankie's
by the way. And what happened to those? They're being eaten right now. Really? Yeah. Why
I thought you said, one was the two were half baked. Oh, that wouldn't stop. That wouldn't
stop fat boy. No, but he's done as well to the kitchen right now.
Oh my god. What a sight. What a thought. Meanwhile, pizza loft kicks ass baby. 107. You
can't touch him with a fork. Mario the Baker 44. Kassola's 40. Steve said, I think I'm
opening it up a godfather's. What do you think? Go for it. You need to have somebody
who has at least a year in the food business. I'll find somebody. I'll find a partner.
Just like Jeff on the partner.
You're a seasoned meal Roger.
Correct.
You.
I think.
Absolutely.
I'm going to take your clothes off.
I'm going to hold these down that I can do the things you're fairly.
I'm going to hold these down that I can do the things you're pretty good at.
I'm going to hold these down that I can do the things you're pretty good at.
I'm going to hold these down that I can do the things you're pretty good at.
I'm going to hold these down that I can do the things you're pretty good at.
Sweet areas that I can say.
�� нет entreme yudah yudah yanan no ärgöl njörg nyu trak ut.
I haven to say something like I'm pretty good when they catch a bug fed up of ice like you're going to waste.
157 at 560 WPM don't forget Treasure Island is 7 and 5 is 7.
That one might have made an appearance here but I don't think he'll be able to waddle over
today.
No more.
No, not no more.
But Miguel will be there and George, even though it's George's vacation, you can fill
him in on the food he missed this week.
How about he's going to be a little more porky about that, you know what?
He might be.
He might be a fear left out.
The best pizza in Florida is that we have 744 votes.
We got a lot of votes baby.
Lots of pizza to eat between now and tomorrow.
Pizza loft 107 there is nobody even close.
Nobody within the ballpark.
I mean, they are down the road and off to a grandma's house.
Pizza loft 107.
Mary of the Baker 46.
Cousolut's pizza 41.
Steve's 36.
Pizza Hut 36.
Oh boy.
Papa John's 35.
Pizza time 34.
The Salvo's 33.
Frankie's 32.
That's good that Frankie's did really well because otherwise they'd be bent out of
shit.
Or Josh would make sure they do really well.
Anybody brings in free food for Josh, make sure you get 200 votes overnight.
Godfather's is God.
Godfather's man.
I love Godfather's man.
I'm Tony.
If I could tell you how much I love Godfather's, that is such good stuff.
Cousolut's 26.
Little C.J.
20 and Tonyo 18.
How's that Tonyo doing?
I'm still dead.
John the Baker 16.
Pizza Hut 16.
Sparrow is 15.
That's strictly per goy.
Tomatos 13.
Tony's 13.
That's our Tony's.
Anthony's cold fire did it did 12.
Miami's best it doesn't.
I won't do the double digits.
Love it oven, oven and the big cheese and Mike's tied 11 of our piece.
11 of Slime.
Bye, bye, bye.
