Can't get there.
I may have a much more upscale clientele I'm told.
Yeah.
There was a guy sitting next to me last night for a while for much too long.
If this guy didn't have a load in his pants, I swear to God, it smelled.
I just, I don't know what was going on.
I just thought I was going to swoon.
You know, first you think somebody's like passing some gas.
Okay, it happens to the worst of us, but it didn't go away.
It didn't subside.
It was just it was part of him.
It was, uh, whatever.
By the way.
Look, he gets the last few credits.
He gets up to walk away, hits the button and spin.
Oh, geez.
Another 125 bucks.
He sits back for another five minutes.
I really thought I was going to fall off the chair on the flow.
There was your half of this.
See me though.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, nice to you there.
Oh, man.
It was so nice to meet you.
I practically shine in my shoes.
Maybe that's why you won.
Well, did you ever, have you ever thought about that?
It's crossed my mind.
Yeah.
It's crossed my mind.
I don't care what anybody says, man.
They got a computer room making like punch up the number of any machine
and they can, uh, diddle with it.
I don't care what anybody says.
I believe that.
I believe that then and I believe that now when I got Corleone said next week,
there's going to be legislation passed that finally put the machines in and brow.
Well, don't get too carried away now.
That's what they're saying.
They're going to discuss it.
And I want to do anything precipitated and I'm told that 55% number will not happen.
So we damn well better get the biggest doubts.
Lots of else.
It's not even worth talking about.
Right.
I see the picture of the beast here in that the New York Post FedEx dual heist.
The beast.
Did you didn't see that?
I haven't seen in the York Post yet.
Oh, Fed isn't him.
Well, how come they gave this to me and they haven't given it to you?
Wait till you see the New York Post.
Let me look FedEx dual heist is the headline.
It's got a picture.
It says ice to pay to arm jewel fees are captured on a fifth avenue building security
camera yesterday.
And if the person there were the shades on and the base of baseball cap,
if that porky don't look like somebody we both know, it's a beast.
It is the beast.
What's that from?
Oh, it's from yesterday's paper.
It's from yesterday.
That's why I can't find it.
Five million things.
That's him.
It is him.
The noted jewel.
They wonder if carried grant will play him in the movie probably.
North by north fat to catch a thief.
So this very jackass column.
In fact, don't forget tomorrow's Friday.
So if we want to find out what's going on with most negotiations or anything else in the business,
we'll have to read very tomorrow because Greg doesn't tell anybody.
He's back to that old game again.
Yeah, very well.
He programs the radio station in Berries, column again.
Barry with his seven cities interested in the Marlins.
Yeah, the seven sisters.
Yeah.
Portland, Oregon.
East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Oh, God.
Right at the middle.
I've been talking to people about this and I'm told that the only concrete deal would be the one in northern New Jersey,
which cannot happen because George Steinbrenner does not want another baseball team in the metropolitan area.
Well, George don't want to make one half.
That's correct.
Just like Hamilton wants an actual hockey.
Barry never bothers to take it the step further that he needs to to get the real story.
Yeah, but I do like the last parts in here where Joe are always ripping your buddy and ass.
It's great.
Yeah, I don't want to see David Samson.
Well, let's see it.
No, it's not after 10 o'clock yet.
So I've been on set.
Eric Olis says David is a very, very difficult person to deal with.
He's very sensitive when we argue he pouts.
He's pounding right now.
It's going to be difficult to deal with David while he's pounding.
I just love that.
That's so perfect.
I guess what David will pack his salami sandwich.
Okay, don't let the door.
Hanging the ass in a way out.
I'm also told that baseball does not want Las Vegas.
Yeah, they don't want to be building a stadium anywhere close up.
I wouldn't support baseball.
There's no China.
It's the same as here, but you would have the same excuses.
Tourist town.
You know, it's a transit.
It's a transit town.
It's a tourist town.
And then the minute too many other places.
I'm going with baseball, by the way, dying.
I mean, they don't draw flies.
Nope.
So what do we talk about?
Speaking of nut-ronged flies, it would be one hell of a crunch for that.
Capspanthers game tonight.
Wow, that ought to be something going.
Get your own section.
And I'm here and I'm reading at the old man.
There was a skating column in yesterday's Toronto son about the up panthers in Alan
Cohn in the organization.
In fact, that they're selling tickets for the lowest 75 cents and they still can't put
anybody in the stands and how they lie about the attendance.
I was said 11,000 for the Leafs game Monday night.
There was maybe less than half of that, which I'm told is true.
Just ripping them in an ass.
And if I Jacques Martin and the fact that he's the only coach and league that hasn't caught
out onto the new rules now and he's still playing the dumping chase style, which isn't
going to get the job done.
Hey, Jacques, forget about it.
Because if even BN can win big an Ottawa, what does that tell you?
Yeah, he's doing all right.
Is it?
Yeah, they're doing great because he's got a great team.
You could coach him.
You wouldn't have to.
You would know that I'm pucked from a Bayland Lenders bagel and you could coach the
Ascender's that is correct.
Yeah, I don't know about the coaching part.
Yeah, what do you think?
I do know the difference between a puck and a lenders, but I don't know.
Maybe a little Nova and cream.
That might be overstated.
Oh, I didn't go for ice cream yesterday.
Good.
Thank God.
I was very good.
I didn't go gamble.
Really?
I did.
Where did I go yesterday?
I forgot.
Oh, yeah, I went and actually I was a good guy yesterday.
Yeah, and it must be a little bit of makeup for that today.
Yeah, well, it's the first of the month.
It's Thursday, December 1st.
And I mean, so you better make up for a call to 1225 and aqueduct, wood buying through
a bread, spare grounds, Hollywood Park.
So we're down here.
Sure for you.
Oh, man, metal lands.
That's harness again, wood buying.
Yeah, there's enough going on starting at 1225.
You could lose probably 40 million by midnight.
You played your cards wrong.
OK.
So how many cities actually are interested in the Marlins?
I've seen North Jersey and that's it.
What about Puerto Rico?
It says here Puerto Rico.
Nobody's going to Puerto Rico.
They have 20,000 seats stadium there.
Well, that sounds like enough.
Yeah.
Actually, they could they they could go down playing homestead.
That's the idea.
I was supposed to happen.
How many years ago was that there was going to be the smaller stadium with a 30,000 capacity
in Miami?
What was that?
We've had so many of these going on.
That was I guess doing the John Henry there.
Wasn't it?
I'm not sure.
There's been so much.
Yeah.
But I know this that that the hyzing of people are making an effort to try and accommodate
them by giving them land.
And I heard this one.
OK.
That they offered them 15 acres and a significant amount of cash.
No strings attached and they were rejected.
Really?
Yep.
Why is that?
I don't know the answer to why.
Well, who were the two brothers that owned at Lake Lusurland?
Remember years ago?
Yeah.
The Morton brothers.
The very good man.
Oh man.
The Morton brothers.
Yeah.
That's probably because you ate that Morton pot pie or the Morton spaghetti.
But the Morton brothers, Emil and whatever is in with you.
Emil and Fritz.
No, those were the cats and jammer.
And they had all that land out there that they wanted to build the baseball stadium and
the football stadium on the land.
Yeah.
Well, we got the football stadium.
Yeah, they donated to land to Robbie.
Robbie got that land for nothing.
That's right.
And they had that whole thing for the Olympic stadium.
Remember that and all the plans with the track and all the other crap they had drawn up
and never materialized it.
But most other things in Florida, they're materialized.
And that's because Florida is not a baseball town.
It's not a hockey town.
It's not anything town.
It's a bush league town.
It's not just a stadium.
I know it said that many years ago.
I said that.
And I said that before you did, though.
I'm not sure.
Oh, guaranteed.
And that would be like saying, Phil Rosuto said, holy cow.
Oh, my first visit.
He came out of that.
Harry Carey was doing holy cow in 45.
And a scooter couldn't even do it right.
Holy cow.
Not holy cow.
It's holy cow.
You idiot.
You cymbal the new quizzling, Phil.
You fairy.
Go ahead, Korra.
Make the coffee.
My first suspension came out of that.
Out of what?
Korraing is a bush league town.
And it was back in the year 70.
You just spend it for that?
Yep.
Phil Bions.
You can't talk that way about this city.
I want a jackass.
I knew he was a jerk.
I was when the University of Miami drew 30,000 for Penn State.
Right.
I remember that.
And I went on the air and I said, this is a bush town.
And he said, you got to stop going this place of bush town.
So how long do you get suspended for?
I don't remember.
I mean, I've had so many sins.
That's like answering Willie Sutton.
How much time he did.
I mean, he's in addiction.
That's like asking Greg, how many lyzy told us here?
Wow.
On that note, I hope you have a wonderful day.
I absolutely will.
You've inspired me.
Lots of racing today.
Good.
Well, you pick up where I left off.
Maybe I could go to the good machine, man.
And it was really a great experience to see for the guy that I like to dump in his pants.
But other than that, it was fantastic.
Yeah, there's no bad orders, it called it.
Oh, I'm going to tell you seriously, I could write a book.
Now, forget about the gambling part.
Just about the people I would buy.
I could write a very large encyclopedic book on it.
Oh, God.
It's the sluppers on the bus.
It's like when you go to Rome.
Or in a great time, but watch out for the sluppers on the bus, the gypsies and the getkeys.
How about the ones that go to a Linux city every day?
What you know, something?
That's what woodbind is like.
Because those people, how do they get there?
They come on the bus.
They come from New York and Philly and they come on the bus.
Any place where people can get there on the bus, stay the hell away, avoid it like a plague,
like it's got bubonic plague.
Okay.
I don't see.
I don't see.
You know, the meds, the Yankees and others in the Marles and Easter, I don't see that.
No, the Marles are not going to be able to do that.
The devils have a tremendous fallow in here in East Rutherford.
They're trying to grow what?
About 30, 30, 30.
Can we handle a game now?
You know what?
There's another consideration, too.
The owners have to vote for these guys to be able to move anywhere.
Right.
And they ate that popular.
You mean David Sensen?
I'm telling you that the Marlins ownership is not all that popular or more than a professional.
It's not a fish and fish and it's already in a my time.
You could say it.
No, it's better not though.
Okay.
Since you've already lost track of all the other suspensions, have I had no more right now?
Not before Christmas.
Okay.
Well, don't be fortunate.
Don't lose too much today and I'll save a little for the weekend.
Okay.
A big weekend coming up.
I know.
I know.
I'm going to budget.
I don't know what yet, but I know in my Mohawk experience, I'm going to have to let you know on Monday how that turned out.
Okay.
Well, I wish you well.
And I need it.
Okay.
Are we even durged?
And to you.
Heat fans, you're a Miami Heat or releasing a limited supply of previously.
Help seats for sale of the general public.
Tickets are being made available for all games in a range of sections.
Tickets go on sale Tuesday.
October 4th at 10 a.m. and start as low as $10.
It is paid in the 20 quater.
What will happen?
These seats are in limited supply and will go fast.
Call 1-800-4-NBA-Ticks.
Check out ticketmaster.com or any ticket master location.
Heat fans, mark your calendars for Tuesday.
October 4th at 10 a.m.
This is the day individual game tickets go on sale for all heat home games.
This might be your only chance to get tickets to see the new heat squad with Shaq.
D-Way.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Jason will you?
Oh, he's a little guy.
He's kind of funny.
A diamond, a diamond.
A little bit.
A diamond, a diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
A diamond.
Oh, he's still by the boat.
That was too fast.
He's either way ahead.
He's going to throw it all.
I'm just going to play that all day today.
But we get 90-year to what you can do it.
It's 10 o' 8.
boys and girls boys you seem like Friday to me if I don't you up tomorrow if I'm out here when you like
Come in there. It's because I think it's Saturday. What are you doing?
Well, it seems then that seemed like Friday today. I just wish it was Friday
It has kind of a Friday field of wood for me. It's Thursday December 1
December 1, December 1, December 8. Wow
It is just smoking long. You almost think we got holidays coming up pretty soon some more of them
Although you would know it from our program vlog. I'll tell you that I'll tell you guys back in salesman
You guys are doing it. I don't know what you're doing, but you're doing it a lot
1868 votes on yesterday's pool who's does more for the black community that was our poll question
Martin Luther King 609
Abe Lincoln 400
Rosa Parks 155 Rosa Parks
Slapy White 11 I like old Slapy White and you do tune you didn't realize it that's right see that now
We're eating already this could be how he's good. Yeah, yeah, it is
BLT a BLT Hogi no less
Cool BLT Hogi sounds really good to me. You got me. Oh go about that bacon fly order extra bacon sounds really oh extra bacon sounds really
Trace nipsy Russell 103
Shaq 94 is done more for the black community
We don't know what it is yet, but when he does it it's gonna be spectacular
Lyndon Johnson 82 Nelson Mandela 52
Third-good Marshall 35 any Rochester Anderson from the old Jack Benny show for all you 90-year-olds 35
Muhammad Ali 34
Jackie Robinson 31 he made a heavily a chocolate and a coffee, but
No, he did he did some see I guess that goes to show you that people don't think that sports is as important like his other things like
Human rights right I mean he broke the color barrier and baseball and it was wonderful
And he took a lot of craft for it, but nevertheless only 31 votes. So let me take 20 uno
George Washington Carver 26 little Richard 25 she was something else little 2D fruity, but nonetheless
Remember with the spirit on what is it with the drugs that led him to homosexuality? Well, it was but he found the Lord
It's not the way it always happens. That's where you are. He said oh God. That's good
Lewis Faracan 13 Sammy Davis, Jr. 12 Shirley Chisholm 11
Same person by the way Sammy Davis and Shirley Chisholm same person Charles Wrangel 10 Jesse Jackson 10 the O's John
Provocatura the exploiter the great
Whatever don't tell me he's here again on World AIDS day. There's your present again
A lab or like no, please God almighty. I had that bacon. It's starting to back up on me now
Arthur Ash 9 Jesse Owens a then Alex Haley of Roots fame who I interviewed on KAT 100 years ago
Alex Haley had so-called trace only three votes for poor Alex he'd be so embarrassing
What about the Vern what was the guy kid named that played in roots leave on
Oh come on which one which kid the one that played the star and he was the star of roots in the movie young young
Kuntikin to yeah the
Lava Burton Lava Burton. Yeah, I told you leave on
Out in John to the song about him leave on okay. Here's the poll of the second poll
We got polls all over the place man if you have a chance to look online at the Wednesday in November 30th
New York Post FedEx jewel heist. There's the beast caught on camera
See we thought he had rich parents come to find out he's just a jewel thief after all that if that isn't him and
A hump or I'd even see me you I forgot to talk to Hank about the two conflicting articles in the Sun Central in the hero two
Dimetrically opposed articles about the Orange Bowl, which will eventually get to that's that is so typical
The Sun Central says always a good chance they're gonna tear down a building to stand and a Harold says there's no chance
So you believe whoever you want
563 votes despite their denials everyone
Loves to fart 130
Now we had a facts from a lady here. She was upset by the choke to chicken thing because she said see
I thought you give us a little literary license and assume that that would be for everybody know what they got but no
So we had to put tickle a taco on her anyway loves to fart 130 what I got next to me last night me
I don't know if he was farting like nonstop or he really had the old load in the trial
I don't know but it was just nauseating maybe he was supporting a bag
You know something that's a possibility
Oh my god what a sport
Oh man
Chokes the chicken 114 has sexual fantasy 79 picks their nose 57 lies 56 as in Q56 lies
Lies as us it says that we're in the front of our building lies be us
Enjoys porno 40 listen to the arrived your 35 you know they lie about it. Oh, no, we wouldn't listen to him
Cheats on their taxes 16 each their vogueers 11 George was grossed out by that and he was chewing
As he said it loves garbage TV 9 like Jerry Springer for example all of you the Surreled the reality shows they love it
tickles the taco 7
Picks their butt six and uses body walks three. I think to pick a bunching see
I was coming back in the cab last night from woodline and thinking to myself. I was trying to visualize Queen Elizabeth
Picking her butt, you know, right?
Which I'm sure she well, I don't want to get too graphic with it
You know if you're right up in there you got to do something. Yeah
Pick a winner Queen
1014 what's that schedule look like today? It looked like hell to me. We got the Moa 2
He's absolutely rock season there, but then at four o'clock no more mad dog today because he's one of his 80,000 vacation days
So we got oh boy 2 and a half hours of that makes you almost wish for the Appanthropy with 630 the Washington
Caps with Alexander Ovechkin at the Panther 7 o'clock tonight
Hey, guess what Jack Martin everybody's ripping you in ass and deservedly so catch out of the new style of the game
Okay, get some of you give you a little
Primmer a rumor and a primer on the new rules you idiot Eddie K after the hockey game
Better go out there to the arena because somebody needs to is Josh going to be there for the festivities before the game
I will and then we'll leave right away. That's right
Arm strong forward one of the areas fast is growing automotive dealerships business development associates to maintain contact with existing customers by
Incoming and outgoing phone email and mail in order to develop and increase customer loyalty
Applicants that have direct customer service and telemarketing experience
Computer and data entry skills a plus applicants must be bilingual able to work flexible hours
Arm strong forward offers an outstanding compensation package which includes hourly wage plus bonuses and benefits
You must be ready to start work today as in right now contact
Subito contact Roger Aguelo at 786 295 7887 that's 786
295 7887 arm strong forward is a drug free workplace and an equal opportunity employer
Call 786 295 7887
This is
Now the barglades
Who the hell are the barglades?
She's a president
You know what she thinks
The legal opinion is not very clear but if she gets the guy we will have to call it just
My
Every
Push
Again
She wants to be conscious
Heria
Heria
Heria
She is qualified as a beauty
She is experiencing what you want to be
Once a city has a legal priest she will get the job and then she will be just as my
Heria
Heria
Heria
What did the data for the number was?
It's better than hearing about that only 15,000 feet better than hearing him. It's a 1019 at 560 WQ
By the way somebody tell Jack Martin if you go to the game tonight that he's
Tell Alan Cohen that that was a nice deal to send him up for five years
You couldn't find the new national hockey league with a compass in the road max job. What are your name?
It's a job strap. Anyway speaking of sports so anyway did we give the pool for today and here's the one for tomorrow.
Oh man let's give the one for a week from next book is how do you like that? All right?
Well no I got to do this because I don't have much on here yet
And if we're going to put this on it this evening and give people a head start this is the QM Head Start program.
Even your fan asked governor would be very proud of this. What movie had the most unacceptable ending again inspired by the ending of monster's ball
Which this audience didn't care about the ending because by that point they were all passed out on the floor after watching the two
Halle Berry sexting so they didn't really care about it right or they just thought it was fine.
Well they could have said that right but I don't think they even thought about it.
I think people are setting the ending of any movie. I'm not a little bit disappointed but I agree most people don't
It ain't that important to them. Right.
And to me if you're going to invest in an hour and a half two to an hour to watch your flick no matter how enjoyable
Maybe or how much new to the other whatever else is going on in there.
There has to be a punch line. There has to be an enjoyable climax if I can say that.
Absolutely. Anyway all I got on here so far is Magnolia which you hate the ending and I think it's a little overdone.
Monsters ball which the ending to me was unsatisfactory even though you liked it and because you were willing to like suspend or believe.
No. Well they said close it. He said it. We're going to be just fine.
No can. And that was it. He said all we're fine.
You're probably talking to America which you mentioned yesterday.
Oh yeah. Right.
The business about was it an opium drug trip that's a whole movie which if that was the case I mean why do we just waste five and a half hours of our time?
Let the double whammy on that movie. You said in the court. He was in the garbage truck.
And so it was it's popping out of the back of the garbage truck as was grinding up all the garbage and you figured he's in there which he was.
Good place for him too. Yeah. That's an excellent place for him. When you told me James Woods was Jewish that's enough to make me get my foreskin back.
You still got it around? Yeah. On the wall Q a.m. Hello.
I keep it on a hook. WQ a.m. Hello.
Q a.m.
Yes sir.
I was an accessible ending of any movie ever. I apologize to have stopped out.
Money flies on the Holy Grail because it's been man. Right.
They have trouble with that.
Okay. You want to put that on there? Yeah. Qualifies. I love that movie. I've seen it a hundred times but yeah.
The ending was unacceptable. I don't remember. Well if you if you did you'd remember it.
I got it right. I can watch it again. Let me go watch it now. And when I'm done I can look at a big battle and then the cops just show up and busted all up.
Busted up the production and they bust it up and there are already even any credits. Remember the credits are at the beginning of that movie.
Right. Kind of like my mentor. Right.
What do you say? How about that? We got to put that on there too. The ending is unacceptable because it goes as fast.
We could. We could but I got one that's going to win possibly. Okay.
At least the funny one never saw it. Well the Blair Witch project.
Oh the practical joke on the audience project.
Yeah but there were a lot of suits that came in rain reviews and said on the right.
That's right. That's what I'm going to say.
You wanted to film and beat them with a stick. Yeah. It's going to change the future. All right.
Make people not want to make movies or see them anymore. Come in here. I am. Hello.
Neil. Cisco and Evert. Yes. I have one for the poll.
Really? Have you ever seen the American version of the vanishing? No. Yes.
Well that was that. That was the movie that was the French movie or the Dutch movie whatever.
Right. The other version is great. It's got a great tragic ending.
The American version. They got saved at the end with my girlfriend instead.
They changed the old ending. American audience can't handle that kind of an ending.
I'll put the vanishing American version. It's horrible.
It is. You're right. I said it was the movie.
I've seen them both in the ambulance. It's like a lot of other things that are murdered.
Okay. Thanks, Pally. Thank you.
Okay. The vanishing. Anybody got that vanishing cream?
This is a movie we're working on tomorrow's poll already.
This is good. I haven't even said anything yet.
Give them a little bit of homework, baby. Give this audience a homework man and they grab onto it and they squeeze it.
They can practically strangle it. It's great. This is what they want to sink their teeth into.
It took me almost 30 years to finger it out. This is what they want.
This is their bread and butter. You know what I'm saying? They do such a fabulous job on it.
Absolutely.
WQAM, hello.
WAM, yes sir.
How are you?
Great.
That one for the poll.
Okay.
Million dollar baby.
Never seen it.
Oh, you're lucky.
Don't spend two hours rooting for a rocky tiger or only to watch or die.
Oh, gee. She dies in the end. Well, I'm not going to have to waste our time. Thanks, Pally.
Yeah, you don't feel bad about ruining the ending of a movie like Pi, which George got all bent out of shape.
Don't go see Pi. I mean, don't buy it, rent it, whatever.
Because the guy puts the drill in the side of his bald head and the end of the movie.
That's it.
Right. It's a real killer.
I think what's his name? John Lukeke. I wasn't.
What? I don't think he's just a baby.
I was the last rabbi.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he played the old Getchke.
I'm just not into Getchke's.
Okay. I just are not.
Are the enchineries list out there? A bunch of old Jews.
There are a bunch of everything.
I mean, an old rabbi's with a past and a thing and a lot of them.
And then big hats and a lot of them.
Most of the chitler. It's mostly him.
But then there's a family that they kind of focus on.
It's mostly Erf-Chitler. Now, it's only a strawberry in this tour.
Just Erf.
And there's a young girl and the-
Oh, that's why you're like that.
There's a high-young chick who's probably naked in the movie. That's why you're like that.
No.
And then there's Ray Fines plays Ammon Get the Nazi concentration camp com.
And I'll take you over for it.
I'm going to go out and get it today.
QAM, hello.
Ameel?
Yes, sir.
This is Eddie from Candola.
I don't know if you ever seen this movie.
The fireman with Charlie Sheen.
It's a very rare movie, but it's excellent.
It's one of those family gets scared type movie.
Yeah.
Thank you, Nino.
It's great.
It's under a couple of names.
Do they back there on the block or the fire?
It's a fantastic movie.
He tell Rises his family.
And he's supposed to be a hero and all that.
Fantastic movie.
Well, the lucky is that Sarah Rises their family.
I think most families deserve it.
Okay, thanks.
It's got nothing to do with what we're talking about, but thank you so much.
Well, he just wants to turn us on to something really good as opposed to all this crap with
a bad endings.
I don't like movies that have unacceptable endings.
It's just so many times, what was Donnie Darko?
There was another one.
I'm going to put that on there too.
That was a pretty good movie.
Did you see it?
Nope.
Donnie Darko.
It's on the left, though.
It was fine, but the ending.
It's what?
It's on my list of things to see.
Yeah, the ending is just unacceptable.
Thanks for the warning.
It's just crap is what it is.
It's like I got a, it's just down to about a 500 page book and a book is really interesting
and he just, he never can figure out how to bring it to a conclusion.
I'm saying just, he's writing and writing.
It turns into a 700 page book.
A thousand.
It just, it just goes on and on because it's just like once upon a time in America.
It's supposed to start with the ending.
It's a great movie.
Would you agree it's a tremendous movie?
It's okay.
Get out of here.
You off your rocker?
No, it would be a good movie if it didn't because he was there.
That's a double whammy that you have to spend that long for that crappy of an ending.
Yeah.
So some editing and some closure would have been nice and then it would be a great movie.
Now, what was it that he decided to eat instead of taking a sexual encounter with little girl
or was it the chocolate ruse or what was that?
Was it a noodle?
No, I saw that movie 20 years ago.
Ryan Bloom was in noodles?
No, he wasn't.
No, he wasn't.
20 years ago.
I mean noodles was Robert De Niro, wasn't he?
No, my favorite part of the movie is when they were all young, little kids and like
that's what I'm talking about.
Exactly.
And instead of going for the sexual encounter with that young girl here, don't you remember?
I did.
He was supposed to bring her the pastry, whatever that's the chocolate.
It was not a lotion cover.
I wish that it was though.
Why should I let some of that?
It's all carbs.
No.
I like it.
You never had lotion cover, huh?
Sure I have.
Remember when the deli used to bring us food?
Oh, boys, that could stuff with raisins.
It has to have raisins at all, man.
No wonder Jews are so fat and mostly dead.
12 other Jews have other reasons to be dead.
27 past 10 at 5, 60 we had some problems over the years.
Hey, rich room filling sound from your iPod.
It's the power of the Bose sound-doctoral music system that brings the music on your iPod.
The light even charges your iPod while it plays.
Sound-invision says you are bound to love what you hear.
And that's because only for primary Bose technology lets you get the most from the music on your iPod,
the system is friendly with iPod.
iPod mini.
iPod nano and iPod with video.
It's like a parent-starlessly-brenz with your iPod almost any room decor.
Easy to use even comes to the remote that controls the sound-doc system and basic functions of your iPod from across the room.
So let the room filling sound of the Bose sound-doctoral music system deliver a new iPod experience.
Insert iPod, stick that baby in there and hear what happens.
It'll make a great holiday gift idea too.
Experience the sound-doc today at Apple.
Best Buy, Circuit City, Confluence A, Sharper Image, Target or nothing to be neater than to hear it at Tweeter.
This is Neal Roger.
This is 560 QA.
I was sent to my witness when I told her I'm in my school as long as you can see.
They taught me when I should listen.
Absolutely.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow, wow.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow, wow.
What was this for to do?
Food, food, food.
Lorry is a cowardly food.
Saps and is a queen-y food.
First.
No fuss at what's at all.
Like a joke gun for love, Bose.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow, wow.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow, wow.
Why the better told you what?
In your over the bell of the swamp.
Can't imagine where they were from.
They played a bad as good as the song.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow, wow.
My every day is losing the fish.
Oh, wow, wow.
1032 a.k.o.a.
Let's all go out and sit on the corner somewhere on the
a curb and cry.
Oh, what are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Probably something.
I don't know.
You don't want to be in a town that loses majorly baseball.
A very famous ball-headed Jewish philosopher once said that on this day.
And of course David Samson says, well, what's the line in this story about major league?
See, having a baseball team doesn't make a place of major league town.
I hate to break it.
We can have like 15 major league baseball teams and it would still be the same old bush league town that it's always been, always will be.
Okay.
David Samson and Delilah.
Now, 653 votes despite their denials.
Everyone loves to fart.
147.
But keep it down a little bit.
Keep it down down by your cuffs.
Well, we got to bring back cuffs.
Maybe cuffs were like fart catchers.
Okay.
Maybe that's what the problem is today.
We got so many smelly people.
Let's bring back cuffs on pants.
Chokes the chicken 132 and then the illsit to the door, of course.
Has sexual fantasies 96, lies 67.
Ticks their nose 67.
There was the queen effect.
Now, that's the only good thing I can say about bug Collins.
The, was it bug Collins who said it or was it the, yeah, I think it was.
The queen was it said, Wimbledon.
At this tennis tournament at Wimbledon many, many years ago in Bug Condo.
The tennis guy, the ball headed jerk who all he knows about his tennis.
And he was doing the commentary and they showed the queen.
She had her little pinky.
She was picking yours with a little and he said, great forehand.
Yeah, dainty.
The great forehand.
It was, it was, you had to be there, I guess.
Lies 67, picks their nose 67.
If it's good enough for the queen, it's good enough for everybody else.
Enjoy his Porn 047.
Listen to me, a Roger show 39, but they never admit it in public.
Cheats on their taxes 16, each their boogers 15, grow Tesk, but tasty at times.
Tickles the Taco 9, loves garbage TV 9, picks their butt 8 and uses body wash 3.
Well, no, we know that not everybody does.
In fact, I think back to the poll we did, almost half of the women are still using soap.
Give me a break, ladies.
So that's right.
Jesus, that's sad.
Despite their denials, everyone knows that W stole the 2000 election.
That's not bad, huh?
Right?
Hates having to work for a living.
No, that's not everybody does it in their, they admit it.
What?
Everyone hates it.
We're living with it.
I want to win the, the lotto here is 25 million Saturday.
So if I win it, good luck to you.
Fear is death.
Yeah, we can put that on there.
It's a good one.
Fear is death.
Some of us are married.
Yeah, but we're talking about your own.
Right?
No.
No, is W stole the 2000 election?
Yeah, that's good.
You're going to put that on there, Josh.
We can put it on.
No, is W stole the, uh, in the 2004 or two of you want, whatever you want put on.
Seven cities like the Marlins is very jackass.
Stadium talks between the Marlins and Dave County remain installed, but a handful of metro areas have acquired about becoming the teams next home.
Well, pack your sandwich, David and Jeffrey, okay?
They're having a fire sale.
Carlos Delgado says they got out of there just in time.
They have it a fire sale down there.
Although he's no big prize, but nevertheless.
And we've been through this over and over.
These are the two words that I've been telling you for almost 30 years.
I've been in this.
Scott forsaken place that epitomized what South Florida is all about.
Narotic repetition.
The same old, same old over and over and over again.
And it's just never stopped.
We've been through this a zillion times rich billionaire owners threatening the public.
If you don't build me a stadium, I'm going to do this.
And if you don't do that and if you want to treat me right and if you don't, uh, yadi, yadi, yadi, you know, it's a bunch of crap.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it up your ass.
This Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility.
Yes.
I will not play here.
Lier.
Because I will not hire you guys looking at me for the next ten years.
I don't want to do it.
You guys are going to get my guss thing and win out and get some disease.
It's got to be a good diet to go.
I look at Wayne everyday for ten years.
You weigh about four pounds at the end of the night.
You make your own carpet.
It looks like a mama cast.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
It's the same old end of the thing with Stein.
Greta doesn't want a team in Jersey and this one doesn't want to.
You just get lost.
Take all your balls and go home.
Okay.
Take your falafel balls and go home.
So tired of it.
Shredding.
As this is the important stuff.
You know, we got 80's Indian dead people over there in Iraq.
We got into a big pickle that we don't know about into a quagmire.
That we haven't got any idea how to get out of it because we've faced out a bunch of lies and a bunch of neocons hysteria.
And Indians like Jewelievermen are hockin about, well, we have to leave the troops in there because it's good for Israel.
Hey, guess what, Jewelievermen?
Taksahoyce baby, okay?
Man.
Makes me ill.
Anyway.
Simon Assamston, whatever's name was, Delilah and Sampston.
One of the sources of seven cities, blood officials from Portland, Oregon, East Rathover, New Jersey, had publicly confirmed contacting the Marlins.
Mayor Oscar Gribman of Vegas says he hasn't heard from the Marlins recently.
But Vegas is supposed to be on the list and it'll ever happen there.
No chance.
Also Puerto Rico, when my tank said nobody's going to Puerto Rico.
Even George don't want to go there.
What do I want to go there?
Why don't you want to go there?
It's got Puerto Ricans?
That's right.
Too many Puerto Ricans there.
Oh, let's see.
Sampston intends to visit the cities that are deemed realistic options.
He said he does know a hundred Jeffrey Lury will accompany him.
Oh, yeah.
The only idea being discussed to keep the Marlins in South Florida involves building a stadium on Wayne, Heizinger, owned land, and jaced it off in stadium.
Sampston said, the plan is realistic, but also termed it a long shot.
The Marlins and Heizinger holdings have agreed to a price for the land, according to Sampston.
But the Marlins and Date County have a determined a way to cover construction costs.
Sampston said last week that the funding gap is at least 80 million.
Oh, that should be no problem.
Have a Greg Wighter check.
Have the beastlies pay that when the through-pain the direct TV bill.
We have to figure out where we are and once and for all make a decision, Sampston said the proposal.
Well, think about it for about half an hour, David.
Now, let me just give you this.
That's my message.
Okay, for me.
Who cares?
Last week, the Marlins announced it ended the end of discussions with the city of Miami about building a new stadium next to the Orange Bull.
In a radio interview, a city manager, Joe Aereola, expressed skepticism about the Marlins church for a new city.
To put people at ease, I even talked to Mayor Goodman of Vegas.
They haven't even heard from them, Aereola said.
It's another tactic.
David plays the role very poorly.
David plays the role very poorly.
Meaning the role of a human being, I guess.
Responded, Sampston, it's not my concern about how a city manager views the way we run our business.
There are seven cities that work in hard to get Major League Baseball, not including South Florida.
There are seven elected officials who realize what being a Major League City means.
And let me say it again.
Being a Major League City doesn't mean having some scuba-ass balls in our teens, okay?
That's how it makes it sound big league.
Aereola, what?
It isn't?
No.
Aereola also disputed the Marlins' contention that they offered $212 million to the $385 million dollar project and blame Sampston for the deal on materializing.
David is a very, very difficult person to deal with Aereola.
So he's very sensitive.
When we argue he pouts, he's pouting right now.
It's going to be very difficult to deal with Aereola.
David is pouting.
Hey David!
You're ferried!
Respotted Sampston, it's disturbing as a resident of South Florida that decisions are made that may not necessarily reflect the desire of its constituents.
And it's disheartening that Mr. Aereola continues in vain to try to get every lawyer to sell the team to an owner that is somehow connected to him.
Well, guess what?
I hate to break the news to you David, but it does reflect the wishes of the people.
Aerebe Paul has been taken in a sun settle in the herald on the truck boards from North Dakota Post all over town.
Aerebe Paul, the public will not pay one dime of tax money to build you guys are stating, how do you like that?
So this business about, well, there's a reflux about it, that's what the people want.
There's sick and tired of it.
They're nauseated, they want to puke from it.
It's been all that money to build that broward Yemphus center there, which I guess it's fine for concerts.
It's a lot of good concerts in there, right?
Yep.
Nobody cares about the Florida Panthers.
Okay, nobody cares about hockey in South Florida.
We got that game, but a Washington Krapital tonight with the Alexander Ovechkin, one of the two sensational workies in league.
Will anybody be there?
No.
And who can blame anybody when the Panthers lose every stinking game?
When Jack Martin is still playing 1892 hockey out there when 2005.
Who brought that silly ass frog in here anyway?
How many votes we got on the phone?
We're building a Mars poll.
We got today's poll.
We're going to do like next Thursday's poll, right?
Right.
We're going to stick the old flag up the main poll.
Do you ever do that in school?
What is that all about putting the flag up the main poll?
Look at that.
That is John Kerry with sign that go off the rising of Rosa Parks statue.
Personal protest means she refused to give up her seat to a white man city bud in the month.
Oh, there's your president with some little black kid.
Why?
Pick him up.
Pick him up like a puppet.
Do you see that the way he's holding him?
I look at your mother.
I think it's one of Jesse Jackson Jr.
Oh, the children of Jesse Jackson Jr.
Jesse Jackson Jr. by the way is good.
Is it?
He's, uh, he's, uh, he knows this crap.
I don't know where he got it from.
Must have gotten it from Mommy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 16 Q.A.M.
The Banana Republic baby only in Miami.
Oh, how would it even do that?
I am here.
And you are...
I can't say anything more.
I took that from me.
Thanks a no small part.
To that guy of Midday Show Guy.
Oh, Boca.
Yeah, yeah, that's that guy.
Who have any hell out there?
You met him.
I did it.
Yeah.
Out in the hallway.
I don't know who I would have been.
Let's take some calls and shall we?
President just a Bud Polya city.
Yeah, hi, Mom.
Yeah, well, you know what he's saying.
When are people going to realize this?
This is a sports show and nothing else.
Absolutely.
Nothing exists outside the game world of sports.
Yeah, by the way, they paid me touggle and admire men.
This here is a show for men.
A belt man like his belly, bass and chops.
You stole the pizza?
Huh?
You stole the pizza?
I did not take no pizza.
You stole the pizza?
I don't think ridiculous.
You stole the pizza?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I stole the pizza.
I didn't steal more pizza.
I stole the pizza.
No, I did not steal no pizza.
I stole the pizza.
How see here?
I ate no bite, burglar.
I stole the pizza.
I did not steal the pizza.
I only had one slice.
They're okay.
So it was a whole bite.
Who cares?
Those bombs had no power.
I was hungry.
I sacrificed a lot too, you know.
There was no Dr. Browns.
Just don't taste the same without the Dr. Browns.
That's rudist.
And that's my own sentence.
Good night.
And kiss my ass.
10.46 a.m.
We have to more of that.
Two hours of it.
More at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Be sure to catch that with a net.
Butterfly net.
Top House Democrat backs.
Murtha on quick withdrawal from Iraq.
Ooooo!
The top Democrat in the House of Representatives.
Nancy Pelosi.
The Democrats are starting to bootch up a little bit
except for Julie.
We're going to course.
She's a right-wing Republican in drag.
Ooooooh!
Endurance to proposal by a senior member of her party calling for a quick pullout of US troops from Iraq.
Pelosi backed the withdrawal plan.
Proposed by, represented John Murtha, a starcely pro-military former Marine who shocked the
Washington political establishment nearly two weeks ago by saying, the time in company
was forced to quit Iraq.
When in doubt, yank him out.
Two weeks after Murtha introduced his House resolution calling for a pullout of US troops
from Iraq within six months, Pelosi threw her support beyond the legislation.
I'm endorsing what Mr. Murtha is saying, which is that the status quo is not working,
and that we need to have a plan that makes us safer in our military stronger and makes
Iraq more stable.
Pelosi said at a press conference yesterday.
I believe that what he has said has great wisdom.
While the president is digging a whole Mr. Murtha is speaking from the light of day about the realities in Iraq.
She said, Murtha did this, bottom it.
Pelosi made remarks on the same day that Bush gave his speech with a bunch of crap.
The Democratic leader said the speech failed to give a clear indication of the White House exit plan from Iraq.
And that of course is they don't have an exit plan.
So how can you do that?
They don't have any.
Right.
With more than 2100 American soldiers killed thousands who were wounded grievously.
We're talking about no limbs, no eyes, no faces, no heads, no feet.
Hundreds of millions of dollars spent.
The president owes the American people more than he provided days, she said.
We should follow the lead of Congressman John Murtha who has put forth a plan to make America safer,
to make our military stronger, to make Iraq more stable Pelosi said.
With his dramatic offer, a quick pull-out from US troops in Iraq, Mr. Murtha has changed the debate in our country.
And as he said, it's long overdue.
The Democrats had a test of water.
They stuck their toe in it and they put their finger out the window to see which way to win.
They were always blowing and they headed to their focus groups.
And their focus, focus, focus, focus groups.
Weed you board astrology chart.
Right.
Linda Blair, stand to talk to Captain Howdy.
By the way, something.
Yeah.
Remember Captain Howdy?
I do.
Did you mention that Joe Zagaki or someone else was going to be in for the men of the dog today?
Well, that's what it says in my schedule.
No, I sent you an updated one, the third one of that day.
Yeah, something.
This is getting to the, just absurdity, okay?
In between, and I figured out why Jeff didn't hear that one bit right then.
And then he got all bent out of shape about that's because he's been listening to seven,
he's got Wassy buildup.
So his hearing is impaired.
With Russia was them.
Oxy, she was popping with the doffits that Wassy buildup.
Okay, who's on four to six thirty?
Jim Mandage.
Today?
Jim Mandage.
Yeah.
Well, that is really outstanding.
Okay.
Cameo appearance by the mad dog on his show today.
And it says also tomorrow on the show.
And I was that correct or not tomorrow?
As far as I know.
Oh, as far as we know, pencil it in.
I have never seen so many schedules.
And of course, the end of this right in the Greg.
I did something.
I made up the schedule.
I made it forty five times.
I did something.
Greg.
Oh, it is so, so sad.
A few folks only knew.
You know that old expression sure it begins at home?
Yeah, what about it?
Trust me.
1049, 11 before 11.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending for tomorrow's poll?
We got so far million dollar baby.
Magnolia.
Monsters ball.
Is that like a falafel ball?
Just like it.
But what's it on the time in America?
Monty Python and a holy grail.
Memento.
Blair Witch Project.
A vanishing American version, which he's right.
That's a good choice.
And Donnie Darko.
And Johnny Darko.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
If memory serves me correctly, you ain't seen nothing yet with mad dog.
I think he was gone around the 16th and came back around Fish above the pine.
Nice going mad dog.
We like it.
That's perfect for that guy.
Hey, did you ever make mention of this thing that the drug pop in Russian about
Bill and where he's given these news letter to service?
You have to hear about that?
No.
He's not given it to him.
You have to have a listener or a subscriber to his news letter.
You have to subscribe to it.
Hey, rush.
And then rush.
Well, my suggestion is don't subscribe and quit listening.
Okay.
That's the only reason he knows that is because he's obviously listening.
I just, I can't deal with that.
It just drives me nuts.
Don't worry about that.
Listen to that.
Fashes pill popping hypocrite.
Okay.
That type of garbage.
Who's on here every day with Hillary Clinton just killed 50 more people and all this other.
He's just a lying sack of garbage.
Okay.
The one of the world's biggest hypocrites.
All the drug dealers ought to be put into death.
They ought to be on death row right now and are destroying the fabric of our country.
And then of course come to find out he's doctor, shop and he's pulled up and his hearing is going because he's taken so many
oxen and I'll just grab about back pain my ass.
Okay.
You are a pain in the ass rush.
You pill pop and phony.
Anyway.
5670560.
What did I have to do with anything?
What did I do with voter deciding companies I've paid.
Almost like a November $33 million on a buffoon.
I won't do it.
And this is mynat I的时候.
I've got to get a better result at some start and get my Monday winner winner out of the booth.
So I want to practice.
and to remember you can do it! We have babies!
Smoking weed, you got it? We're going to put it up on the bed too, do.
See I'm confused with all these different pools. Now 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6,
let's do another one just across everybody up. Let's start with the mudsays.
No, just another one not for any day, just a stump pool or a scene some of those.
WNQ, where you am, hello? Any, oh. Yes sir. The bridges are Toko Re.
Remember when William Holden died down there in the ditch?
I saw that so many hundred years ago that that was a pretty sad ending on there.
That's an end of the bridge is of one? Toko Re. Toko Re.
How you be spelling that? I think it's T-O. I better Google it.
Yeah, it's with William Holden and Mickey really was there.
Remember the movie I just thought about in under lifetime.
Yeah, okay. Thanks. Google it so I know how to spell it because I got to put this pool together.
I got to write it up here so I can fax it to Eric. See that's another reason this is a very bad idea.
I actually have to do like a very, a minuscule amount of work I have to like print this out.
Bridges of Toko Re T-O-K-O and look R-I in the T-O-K-O-R-I.
I see. The bridges at Toko Re T-O-K-O-R.
I got it. Capital R-I. Well excuse me. I got it.
560-560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular Rottles on so many bad endings to so many movies and so little time.
Movies with good endings, talk or cringe had a great ending. Yes, it did. That was fine.
Only too bad that we don't still have a ceramic rocking thing.
I'm sure it's still around somewhere. Dominic QA and hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Like to. Oh, my man. The sounds like you sound like a very twin brother.
Screen. It's the end screen.
I thought it was a command not to name a movie, right?
Those two guys ended up being the Kelloggian. It was a pretty good scary movie going on there for a second and then ended up being the two jerks that were supposed to be.
Should have been someone I don't know. Should have been somebody else.
There's George for giving her hard time. Okay. This guy didn't like the ending and he's entitled to pamper and unbridled.
Go pay any attention to him. Sir, he's just another Ojoan provocateur. Have a great life.
Thank you. At the team slaughter movie that ended like like they always do somebody.
And it's isn't it a farce? Scream? No, I think enough. You're thinking of scary movie.
I'm scared moving parts one through a hundred right. I don't I'm not. I saw a scream. I've seen a several screamer.
I mean in a killer movie, you find out at the end who the killer is. I've seen a lot of screamers. 560.
560. 560. Leave a rising and singular wireless line, specially here.
Dominic QA and hello. Yes, good afternoon. Good morning, Neil. Good evening, sir. Yeah, tell you though.
I'm a little bit of a 24 hour delay that the two from yesterday. I was thinking Peter Warrell and maybe Art Teal.
But what about Johnny Jones? Johnny Jones and yeah, going to go in the morning pictures, huh?
Gold, plumbing caper, exactly. Yeah.
No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no
No, no.
I'm not here.
You won't even hear a city-pulse news at 8 o'clock.
You notice that you could just about state your life by that.
That it's right at 8 o'clock when you start hearing that audio from here.
Right?
And I guess it's because I get up 7.57 in the morning.
Okay.
Not 7.54.
Not 7.56.
7.57.
I don't know why it just works for me.
You know I'm saying that I'm not here.
No, do you not have an alarm?
Yes.
Okay.
But my alarm almost never goes off.
I wake up about, well, a couple of times, I wake up at 5.15 and I think,
oh, I got 2.5 hours to sleep.
How do you do that?
I fall right back to sleep.
Then I wake up at about 7.45 and I lie there and I keep looking open in my eyes,
look at the clock, look at the clock, 7.51, 7.53.
And then before the alarm goes off, I reach over and shut it off.
Almost every day.
You don't?
Your alarm actually goes off?
Oh, yeah, then I hit this.
Oh, I hate that.
I hit when an alarm goes off.
And mine goes, beep beep beep, it keeps getting louder.
beep beep beep beep beep, it's like it's a gun.
And just, oh, I hate music on real low.
I hate that buzzing.
Yeah.
10.57 at 5.60 WQAM,
Pomfato Park Racing and Poker is back in business after Hurricane Wilma.
Oh!
Featuring live harness racing in our great Poker Card Room Pomfato Park reopens
tomorrow, Friday, December 2.
And best of all, admission and parking, like always, are always free at Pomfato Park.
Come root home a winner from the railroad and enjoy Poker in the smoke-free
card room with tournaments every day.
There's also a harness through a red highlights,
summer casting, action every day, seven days a week, from tracks all across the nation.
And across Canada, two A,
live racing and Poker schedule every Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday,
post-time 7.25 at the PM, and the card room opens at noon.
Pomfato Park, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for
more information in the Kerr Racing Schedule, call 954-972-2000,
or visit their website at pomfatopark.com.
Popping up our coursepower and poker you can plunge your guts on.
Don't forget, the live racing is back in business starting tomorrow, Friday, December 2.
This is new Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
The further reveal.
Buffalo Stealth Park.
Oh!
Well Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks they're great, but I say really hard.
The Buffalo Builds are an alpha one, see what I mean.
So just sing a little.
When you sing Miami.
When you say Buffalo, Super Goal.
And you're at that Buffalo Bounce.
Buffalo Bounce.
Debrate is team and they have a real human race.
They're the Buffalo Bounce.
Debrate is team.
St. Sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff.
They're listening at Banjo.
Holy sweet god listen at it.
When you say Buffalo Builds and don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you a bill fan?
Here we go.
When the Buffalo Builds and the best team.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times, which is what I can say for this.
It comes like a favor.
And they're at the greatest.
Like they be like their uniforms.
They share his hair, oh beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet.
That's stand out.
Buffalo Whole Bills.
The best football team.
What I ever see in the history of my life, they are them.
Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarter back in the league.
Yeah, everybody.
That's Buffalo Bills.
That's a Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinking rotten fish.
Well, that's a Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
Yeah.
Oh, I would just have heard your good sneeze too.
I couldn't quite get it on.
Love it, oh, two at five sixty W.M.
Here's a fast, it's really very sad.
It says, my vote for the pool, peeing in the shower.
Well, who denies peeing in the shower?
I don't know if she was somebody, does.
Well, no.
You want to put that on there?
Yeah, sure, where that.
Okay, put it on.
And I notice we got smokes weed twice, once with a small S, once with a capital S.
Oh, I guess so.
Josh and I both put it on there.
So if you smoke the, uh, huh?
So if you smoke a big fat one, it's got a capital S and just a small like a pin joint with a small S.
Like, uh, parents token Thomas.
The fact is, also last night on the news, they showed Joe Ariaola, Miami City Manager,
when I asked about David Sampson, his quote was, they sent a boy to do a man's job.
Oh, man, how do you like that for a shot, huh?
Poor little David Sampson, they sent a boy to do a man's job.
That is unbelievable.
We did it!
Yeah, I bet.
That is pathetic.
The City of Miami is more skyscrapers under construction downtown in Brooklyn.
Any city's ever had an history it says, including New York and the 30s, Hong Kong, et cetera.
They've got millions of dollars sitting around that they don't know what to do with,
and they want to build a stadium and still Sampson, and such a moron, he couldn't cut a deal.
Also, can you please play my dingaling by Chuck Variance?
No.
I don't think so.
You go play.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, tomorrow is poll.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending?
We're doing two polls at once.
Well, I could comment on that.
But Joyce would really get all in her business start hyperventilating and squeezing her kneecaps.
Well, I bet she farts up a store when this shows on here.
NP to America.
Huh?
NP to this tower.
When I Chuck Variance, my tingling.
Chuck, what's yours?
Fubidikyuayam, hello.
Yeah, good afternoon, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir, good evening.
Yeah, for the poll, I don't know if you could read it, but like, you know, people gambled on their loose,
but they always frame their win.
Well, I know some people like that.
Yeah, I don't know how you could read it.
Excuse me for allowing my nose on here, but I don't want to sneeze here.
Yeah, okay.
That's my thing.
How about loser ass gambling?
Exactly.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, loser ass gambling is good.
All right.
Which I do that, but I don't deny it.
I mean, what's the point of lying about it?
If you lie about your losses, that means you got a serious problem.
I'm like, I tried to tell the Humper gambling is not my life.
But if with some people, it's, you know, but you know what, if it's their money, it's their business.
As long as it doesn't, as long as they pay their bills and their life goes on, and that's the way it is.
I guess the thing is you want to be seen as a good gambler and not a big general.
No, you want to be seen as a hotshot, am I?
You like my late friend, Fat Rich?
Oh, I had the Super, I had the Tour of it at one setting.
Yeah, and we're talking about the weeks of the time when he couldn't cash a ticket, you know, in a fixed race.
It's just one of those things.
People like to talk about their successes and overlook their failures.
And in their mind, if they have a composite gambling problem in their mind, they also, like, put that out of the, you know, they put it in somewhere in the back of the brain, where it doesn't register normal.
Like putting something away in the back of a drawer, in back of your drawers.
769 votes on the pool.
We might get to a thousand in this one today.
What do you think?
Didn't have the usual tremendous start because they didn't put it on at 11 o'clock last night.
Yeah, you're never going to know when we're going to put the new poll on there.
You're going to play with your emotions. You'll have to go back and keep checking and checking, which maybe you'll actually read some of the stories on there then or not.
And look at some of those great naked pictures.
Come in to QAM, hello.
I got one for one of your many polls.
Yes, sir.
And this movie is very representative of this country up in smoke.
Okay.
Kevin, you're puzzling.
You're fair.
Up in smoke.
What is what?
I don't get it.
I don't know.
And that teaching is strong.
Right.
He didn't like the end of the movie.
I don't remember the end of the movie.
I don't remember the movie period.
I don't think I ever saw the movie.
I did.
One of these pothids like you that's obsessed with that gange mind.
Just obsessed sitting there rolling and picking the seeds out and picking the little branches and twigs.
Oh, God.
Let's smoke the branches.
No, that's why I got to pick them out.
When it out, pick them out and the branches too.
Right.
I got to go back to what the slush is on our poll.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, I guess it's better to pick the branches out of there than like a pick a branch out of your rectum.
WQAM, hello.
Who did more for that gange mind?
The taco or the cake that the dill are?
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, Biner, what do you got?
Hello.
That's it.
Good material, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What movie had the most unacceptable money?
I thought we'd have a huge thing because I don't want to put this poll on her and just have Michael come out of the TV room and just at the...
In his hands, right.
His big lighter.
His big lighter in his hands, that's right.
Or his falafel balls.
WQAM, hello.
How are you doing?
Good.
The damn out winner?
What is it?
Yes, you're a winner.
Okay.
No, you sound like a loser to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So in other words, they're done with the Tamars poll already.
Let's look at Monday.
Let's work on Mondays now.
They're done with that.
They're got to be like 50,000 movies with horrendous endings.
They just can't remember what they are.
Like last year, come home.
That wasn't too good.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, me, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I got one for the poll.
That was bad when they found out last year was a girl after all that time.
Yes, sir.
I use a disposable pick.
Me, okay, good.
I'll tell you where to stick it back to.
WQAM, hello.
Who am?
Hello, me.
Yes.
How you doing?
I think the end of the year, the passion was unacceptable.
You got up the walk away.
You got up the walk away.
And you got up the walk away.
What is the passion of the fight?
What is this man saying?
Maybe I look 20 pounds of mush in his mouth.
What is that?
What is the passion of the crisis?
Oh, the passion of the crisis.
20, 20, 20, 20.
Couldn't understand a word this idiot is saying.
What is man?
What is man alive?
Remember what you were saying before the show?
Yep.
Anybody who doubts this business about Major League City, man,
this is the cesspool of the universe, South Florida.
Make no mistake about it.
Buffalo is like, I don't know what but the anus of all mankind.
But South Florida is a cesspool.
It's an outdoor funeral power and cesspool.
And all this business about all the big buildings going up
at a high rise, you know something who gives a crap?
Buildings don't make a great city.
Ball clubs don't make a great city.
People make a great city.
The kind of people, the kind of leaders, the kind of life,
the kind of what's going on, the kind of, you know what I'm saying?
And of course in South Florida, I have no life.
There is no life.
I was showing at the scaffolding again like that.
Oh, they love that.
The embusting and scaffolding runs amok.
Oh, geez.
And there's two guys on there.
Probably messing themselves, I would imagine.
Oh, there are two guys on there.
Maybe that's where that guy was.
That was next to me last time.
Maybe he was on that scaffold.
Because boy, he sure is that I'm under in his pantaloon.
He's like, I'm serious.
There are smells I've encountered last year and a half
and I've placed that I never even snought before in my life.
I thought, you know, when you get to be an old fart like me,
you assume that, you know, you even know what an old fart smells like.
Especially if you've been wearing the same clothing for days on end.
But good God.
What is that and is it, what died in there?
What are you, what dead animal are you sitting on?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Bones on me.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Oh, there.
I got a new subject to your poll.
The next poll, Monday or Tuesday.
Yeah.
Okay.
From for stickers you'd like to see.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
We have a rhyme.
We have to do it.
We have to do it.
We have to do it.
Yeah.
The plot is not a state.
It's a planet.
I'm neither old nor drunk.
I'm on the phone.
I'm giving it both.
566705.
566705.
60.560.
I'm a neighbor.
I like to say what kind of demographic are we aiming for when we put citizen cane on a poll?
You're too old for the show.
Okay.
Sir, you're too old for the show.
You're too old.
We don't talk to old Yenthas on the show.
Call up the light bulb.
Call up the Norma Kentjo if he's still on here somewhere.
Call up Joyce Kaufman.
We're just call up Joyce over there in Naples.
Get out of our face and out of our life.
This is chronic.
Just chronic.
30 years, man.
Not good, man.
30 years and it's the same old tired voices.
These old conquerors from like the first day I sat down with the cat.
Good.
Golly, Miss Mottie.
When you got a dial ready.
Jesus, hey Christ.
What do we got on today's poll?
Because they obviously got no more movies which means I can go through my pile.
Without having to feel like guilty about it.
I thought we'd build a nice, a nice really strong list for tomorrow.
791 votes out today's poll, which is also yesterday's poll, despite their denials everyone loves to fart 168.
I just farted as a matter of fact when you were in the house.
Well, it's probably not that good because Josh is near the room and if it starts seeking through the glass.
It's very cool and dry this one.
If he starts like tearing up a little bit, you'll know that was a safe one.
Very light.
Loves to fart 169.
Chokes the chicken 152.
I sure hope I don't have that bird flu.
Has sexual fantasies 114.
Picks their nose 82.
Rhymes with flu.
Lies 79.
Enjoys .455.
Lipsons to Neil Royer is 45.
Especially in your community.
They lie like hell about that.
Neil Royer communist.
How many stamanic coins and they had their Lipsons?
Cheats on their taxes 819.
No is W. Stole 2000.
2004 elections 18.
Look very good.
Look at that Josh got both of them in there.
Eats their Vogue 17.
Tickles the taco 15.
Loves garbage TV 10.
Picks their butt 9.
Smokes weed 4.
Uses body wash 3.
Peeing in the shower 2.
A fierce death 1.
And they lose their ass gambling none so far.
No, no.
I don't know any gamblers who ever lose.
All the gamblers I know win every time.
We never lose.
I had the super.
I had the super.
I guess what the horse was pacing in the stretch was a trot.
They took the horse down.
Oh, gee, I didn't have the super.
They took him down.
I had the two over the.
Yeah, big deal.
Good luck to you.
What was that?
I was going to say if I remember correctly, you said you weren't going back to woodbine.
I was just going to bring that up for you.
Change my mind.
I said I was never going to be ice cream again, too, tonight.
Change my mind.
I said I was going to use that Mach 3 turbo Mach Nell razor, too.
Change my mind.
See, I like keeping my options open in life.
Because the way I look at it, I've been working a long time for my money.
I'll do whatever it is I want with it.
That's number one.
Number two, I'm not here to impress anybody with how hip and because I'm not hip, I'm an old fart.
Even when I was young, I wasn't hip.
I was a square as a cardboard box.
I was one of the 15 most bored people on the face of the earth as a young person.
And I'm still in the list.
That's what a hipster is.
You're a ding-dong.
Yeah, yeah.
You're really good.
I'm about well compared to certain people.
Don't go, don't go.
Let me tell you, you don't have to be a hipster.
You just have to be smart to do your shoe shopping at Brandy's shoes.
Because that's where you'll find the most comfortable fit in your favorite style.
The shoes at unbeatable prices.
And all the top brands that you know and love and covet are waiting for you at Brandy's.
Names like Rockport, Forrestime, Echo, Mephisto, SAS, New Balance, and Lots More.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure you got to customize fit in your favorite comforts you.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll make Dan sure you get the perfect fit at the right price.
And Brandy's specializing in wide woods as well.
Brandy's really understand fit and comfort.
You will not wobble out of there with uncomfortable shoes that aren't the perfect fit.
You'll have a perfect fit every time and save a lot of cash too.
So Brandy's worth the trip from just about any place in South Florida.
That's why they're still around so long.
For comfort style fit value when selection always think first Brandy shoes.
And you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach.
Open daily Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a stupendous smart time to buy essay issues at Brandy's.
Men's and women's essay styles are on sale.
Take 20.
30.
30 men.
40 bucks off selected essay styles.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping in there.
Most prestigious website at Brandy's shoes dot com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
Bill, this is Randy West.
Now if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Germany, you should try girls.
This station presents real American heroes.
Today we salute you Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
User are in viewed with the God given gift to respond to questions that are actually answers with answers that are actually questions.
Yes, you've accumulated a vast fortune Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
With a head full of knowledge and a fistful of butter.
You've made more money than burn.
And you're a whole lot more than Alex.
But that's not really my thing.
So the next time you think you're smart enough to be on that show, pop your brains on the couch and drop your jaw.
It's a lute to Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
A real American hero.
Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant.
Sorry for a little question please.
Okay, 11.19 and 5.16 Q.A.
And why the world says the facts here?
I would agree with that.
Either Virgin.
Okay.
It says the ending sucker, no matter who is in control, HD Wells, Orson Wells, George's pal or Steven Spielberg.
A little bit of a cop out ending, but the second movie was just a tragic.
A tragic?
Well, okay, there you are.
I don't know how to put which virgin.
Okay, boy, the world.
Where's Pritamara's pool?
Now, for yesterday's pool, 5.16, let's start working on that.
Now, what that was yesterday's pool?
Oh, yesterday's pool.
Who's the more photo-Jewish community?
Any counter or any-
Or any-
Or any survival.
He did a lot.
You know the announcer in one of the Chicago race tracks, his name was Ish Cabivol.
Get it?
Well, he said-
That was his name.
So he said,
Did you ever hear him call the races?
What's the first thing he's part?
Ish Cabivol.
I'm about to fart.
He was the sign you sure.
Oh, that was Phil George F.
The sign you sure of the racing world.
5.6705.6, here.
Are you farting up for storminers that BLT-
What do you think with the extra bacon?
I'm going to tell you, man, the best halee I ever had in my life.
Oh, geez.
I was at Belor Snyder's camp.
I was 16 years old in the Adirondack Mountains, fourth lake, New York, by inlet, New York.
And we used to walk into town and they had a sub shop.
Of course, in those days it was like Boston style, new hogies and grinders.
Oh, those were the days.
There were been few things that good in life.
It's just phenomenal.
It's not just the passage of all these 400 years in between.
It's a, you know, that wax is eloquent about how great that would know.
You know what I'm saying?
Sometimes the passage of time makes you feel that things were a lot better than they were.
Like the Brigham's hot-fudge Sundays in Boston.
They were like, they were too small, number one.
And they were like, you know, what's the big deal with the hot-fudge Sunday?
Unless, of course, it's on fishwood or Nestle's turtle.
See, there you go in the ice cream again.
Start pushing that again.
I haven't had my ice cream in about four or five days.
Well, let's see, Saturday of Sunday, about four or five days.
And there you go, pushing it again.
Pushed an ice cream.
The good news is, I didn't have any ice cream yesterday.
What do you say?
I had like 16 home-entation and I left over from my last poor end like that.
I'd be getting a little bit stale by right now.
But when you're a big fat pig like a lot of us, I don't want to say the hopper is like I said,
when you're a big fat pig, you eat whatever's around.
When you're stealing the pizza or what you like eating the last year's pastries or that chocolate rousse.
Well, what was that thing called?
What thing?
So that Brian Bloom was eating and once upon a time in America.
And it's not what you're thinking either.
I don't know.
He brought her the pastry.
It had like a little cherry on it.
But like I saw that movie 20 years ago.
And then he reached in there.
At first, he just ate the cherry.
Uh-huh.
Then he ate it for a little whipped cream.
You know, after he tried to get like a finger at a whipped cream.
And then he decided he just pushed a whole thing and he just left.
Yeah.
So this was a lot more delicious than that bitch.
Saturday, QIM, hello.
And I think he had a point.
QIM.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm happy to meet you to the audience.
Discruisements.
Boycott.
Chinese made products.
Except for that.
That was punch-bobby.
He's so adorable.
Somebody QIM, hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was watching.
I don't have cable because I refused to pay 60 bucks instead of my couch.
Yeah.
So I was watching the Bible network and who was on there?
Steve Involvely.
The boy.
One kid.
Right.
One of the unbelievable.
Well, I enjoyed it.
56670560.
0560560.
The Verizon Singular Wireless Lines.
That sounded like your friend, by the way.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
That.
I guess that was what I was talking about.
I don't know what that is though.
What is that?
It's sort of a punch cake on the bottom.
They put paper around it.
They're going to put your print on top of that.
And you push it up from the bottom.
is a cherry on top. Do you remember that scene?
Vaguely, vaguely.
But I know this movie though.
Didn't you see the movie?
Yeah, I see the movie a few times.
Yeah.
But Charlotte loses.
And let's say one thing on the movies that people should watch,
the Greats of Rare.
It'll tell you everything about the economic system of this country.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks, Scott.
I got it, nearly.
Okay. Thank you.
Happy pace off. Don't forget to link the Greats of Roth on
the holidays too.
I'm Kippur especially too late now.
I at least I'm working show.
Don't be drinking on you. I'm Kippur.
It's bad. They'll mark that down when you get to the
squirly gates.
Now let's see.
Did the Jews talk to St. Peter too?
Because St. Peter is a boy.
So who did the Jews talk to when they go to the squirly gates?
St. Abraham St. Moishy?
Right. Yeah. Well Moishy.
He's right there.
Seriously. I can't be.
I'm not saying Abraham.
Okay.
I can't be no saint anybody.
Did the Jews don't have no saints.
Right.
Who played the saint?
Roger.
He also played Roger Moore, wasn't it?
Was it? I never watched the saint.
Neither did I.
But I think in the Google it, the saint.
Look up Roger Moore.
Who played also Sean Coney.
He played 007.
He was a Sean Connery with 007 period.
That's it.
I was just telling that to my friends.
There's no.
I'm talking.
There are certain characters in movies.
And then there's one actor or actress who played them.
And then there's no point.
I'm Tonya.
I know. You're right.
Vellalagosi was Dracula.
Peter Cushing was not Dracula and never will be.
Vassal Rathbone was Shylock Holmes and nobody else ever will be.
So there's no point in re-making all this stuff.
Just bring back the old grainy films and we'll enjoy them a lot.
Thank you.
Brought to St. Gregory's Dracula was good.
Let me say it again.
Vellalagosi was Dracula.
There ain't going to be no...
Who was the Dracula?
Or Frank Langella?
Are you kidding me?
That was the worst Dracula movie ever.
Who?
The Frank Langella Dracula movie.
I don't know.
I didn't see it.
I don't watch these airs out movies.
I watch the real thing.
Gary Oldman was the Bromstock.
Gary Oldman?
Yeah.
Where's he from?
Sunrise?
Very good actor.
I'm happy for him.
He's still ain't no Dracula, maybe.
I'm Tonya right now.
It was completely different.
Just like the Hunts' Back of Notre Dame.
That was like a...
Very different.
Or a Parsegian.
I mean, Lon Cheney.
Senior.
And Joe Mars Jr.
Nobody did the hunchback like what's his name?
Anthony Perkins.
Anthony Perkins.
Anthony Hopkins.
Sorry, got my Anthony's car.
Anthony Perkins.
My...
Yeah, too far away.
Sorry, yeah.
Wrong guy.
And just like that, there's only one Hannibal actor.
Right?
Speaking of Anthony Hopkins.
Could there be anybody else play that role?
Have any credibility?
Absolutely not.
The Brian Cox did a good job.
He was the first one.
Just because he didn't go...
Yeah.
Was that before after we sued Phil Henry?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, God.
I got so many good drop-ins.
You don't play anymore.
Oh, it was so sad.
It was so sad.
So sad.
The freedoms that we've lost.
And by the way, for anybody who's used to say,
Old Neo Roger show all of this is burping and farting.
We can't even play the farting sounds anymore.
And it's been for like a year and a half.
We're still kicking big fat ass.
How do you like that?
Oh, that's all of this is just a bunch of fart sounds.
I know some shows that are just basically a bunch of boobs and fart sounds.
And they seem to be doing pretty damn well.
So they're hell with it.
I can't wait to get to this thing about the Sun-Central and the Herald.
Same subject and they have two conflicting stories in here.
My main official to decide whether to build a new orange-bowl stadium
says the Sun-Central headline.
And the Herald, orange-bowl, won't be turned down.
And so that's just a headline that can play.
It's the body of the story, like two totally different versions of it.
Man, oh, man.
Oh, let's build a stadium on every street corner.
Okay, so everybody can play.
Okay, you're struggling.
Let's build another stadium on every street corner.
So QM, we have like 10 more sports stations.
And then Greg can have just a nervous breakdown,
just like spas out in the hallway.
Oh, what are we going to do?
I just have a 90.
We have like 15 different sports channels on here.
And bring down 15 Sid Rosenbergs who got candy in New York
and put their ass on here.
That is so pathetic.
You are so desperate, Joel.
Why don't you just have Barry Wright and Tomas Collins.
You'll find work.
I'm desperate over here.
You sure are.
God, I wouldn't be surprised him to put Ferell on here.
Baa, baa, baa, baa, baa.
Yeah.
They did.
See, and he doesn't have to worry about keeping the license
because he doesn't own the license.
Dennis Collins and Jefferson pilot owned that license.
So he doesn't have to worry about that until he winds up in the court.
See, I'm gagging on it.
We made you, Joel, able to do anything in our power to hurt you,
physically and emotionally.
And in the book, although we don't need our help.
835 votes on today's poll,
not to be confused with Tomas's poll about the Abedinines and Movies.
See, despite their denials,
everyone loves to fart 181.
Chokes it, 158.
Has sexual fantasies, 16, picks their nose, 83, lies, 80.
Enjoys Pornow, 58.
This is the Neal Rogers, 46.
Noes W stole the two elections, 25.
Cheats on their taxes, 20.
Eats their boogers, 17.
How come that doesn't have more votes?
Because maybe a lot of people don't.
Yeah, then lie.
Your lie.
You never ate a booger.
Me?
Yeah.
Maybe it was three?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, geez.
Get out of here.
All right.
Man.
All right.
How about this?
Not that I can remember.
You do it subconsciously, man.
You're picking up like you're just a...
Right.
You're picking up like the Pornow, your finger, what you do.
Yeah, I don't think so.
You are so full of crap.
You believe in Josh?
I'm the hold on.
I'm throwing up in the garbage can right now.
Okay.
He doesn't do it either.
Are you saying that you do?
Like everyone's in a line?
Sure.
No, not all the time.
Yeah, I have it on the tongue.
How do you think I gained all this weight?
Tickles the taco, 50.
Well, I got this big Jewish nose, you know.
I understand.
It's loaded.
Love's garbage, TV 10, picks their butt nine, smokes week seven.
Here's death four.
Use this body wash for peas in the shower three and loses their ass gambling only one.
That's probably me.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.62.
8.
My junior, honey.
Hey, stop it.
Oh, oh, why?
No, someone who is really fine and ugly too.
And I think it's true that he must weigh a ton of two.
Who I'm referring to is Hank over.
Hank over.
Monday night TV.
He's on the chair.
He's up for love.
And it's plain to see.
He's bigger than a buffalo.
Absolutely.
He should be innocent.
That Hank over.
Hank over.
Hank over.
Looks like a fool.
Oh, tone in a suit.
Tone in a suit.
That rock piece fine is something that no one can review.
So don't want any food.
Neil and co-berg.
Hank over.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That was...
She had to.
I was going to polish off a lot of old stuff.
We haven't played in a long time.
Yeah.
Did I tell you that?
You did?
And played that in years.
No.
And with all due apologies to the Humphre, the fact is, put the food down.
Okay?
We'd like to keep you around for a while.
Put down that humiliation.
Okay?
It's old and stale and going to kill you.
Throw your kisks out.
As President Bush launched a new effort yesterday to gain public support for the Iraq War, a new
pull found that most Americans don't believe he's got a plan that'll achieve victory.
But the CNN USA and the Gallup pull release last night also found nearly six and ten
American said US troops should not be withdrawn from Iraq until it's certain, until certain
goals are achieved.
What those goals are, of course, nobody knows, but just 35% want to set a specific timetable
for the regs.
And that's it.
White House officials have been able to 35 page plan yesterday to achieve success.
Yeah, they beat a bit of a move, but let's see.
The pull doesn't include reflect on his speech because they hadn't seen it.
Only 10% of the 600 six-and-all Americans pulled it seen it live and two thirds had
even a heater heard a red news coverage about it.
What speech?
Among poll respondents, 55% say they don't believe Bush has a plan that will achieve victory
for the US in Iraq.
41% thought he did.
He's just not telling us.
Asked about Bush's handling of the Iraq war.
44% thought he was doing a good job.
And 54% said it was four.
For us, Garb, we're dead.
That's pathetic.
How do we like 94%?
But then again, we got some people out there in total denial.
We're killing those able toers and we're taking our safe from terrorism.
In fact, we're so safe now that we're letting people take switchplays and all kinds of good stuff
onto planes and have food fights and fist fights and knife fights.
We're going to get some real sharp.
We're going to get the knife said from Ron Popeel.
And give it to everybody who's in first class on a plane so they can have some real sharp instruments.
That's how confident we are that we were winning the war on terror.
Wait until you hear this.
Speaking of gambling and plunging your guts out.
A former armored car driver who turned himself in after more than a decade in hiding,
pleaded guilty yesterday and a $2.9 million heist on the Vegas strip.
Heather Tallchief.
That's her name Tallchief.
Well, she's an engine, I guess.
33th, she went into September in Vegas after living for years and and she's doing an unassuming name.
I'm stood on.
Her lawyer said she was tired of hiding and wanted her son to have a normal life.
She was probably living on the, what you call it?
Pudam.
The root of armored car driver.
No.
What am I thinking about?
I can't think of them in the street.
Oh, and Vizel Brock.
Tallchief, pleaded guilty to back credit union investment and passport fraud.
She could get up to 40 years in federal prison at sentencing march 2th,
but her lawyer Robert Axelrod said he was confident she'd get no more than 10 years.
Well, what a bargain that is.
She came here to admit her responsibility to accept her responsibility and faced the music.
There you go, Josh.
She came to face the music, okay?
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
You're turned next.
So, now it's startling now.
BD, BD.
Yeah.
Tallchief acknowledged driving an armored car full of cash from the circus, circus hotel,
casino day, rented gay garage in 93 and helping her boyfriend, Robert, a Roberto Solis.
I wonder if he came to Alex Solis, the jockey.
Roberto Solis load the money in another vehicle, they coupled and fled the country.
To Amsterdam.
They were living on the Kaiser Grasht.
Tallchief has said that Solis brainwashed her with a committing the crime.
Solis next convert and the father of Tallchief's son remains a fugitive.
Maybe they were living in the pipe or just smoking one.
You know there's a part of town in Amsterdam called the pipe, PIJP, the pipe.
No, what's it all about?
That's where I had my apartment, the pipe.
No, everybody was smoking it.
I don't know.
That's where that horrible apartment was where I was sick all the time.
Where the bedrooms were down in the basement and it was like moldy.
And the spiders were as big as bowling balls.
Oh, geez.
What a wicked, webly weave.
As a ride to the judge, that tallchief doesn't know where the money is and hasn't seen
Solis in 10 years.
Call Chief of Reed to repay the stolen amount from any money she receives from a book or movie deal.
How much was it?
Oh, the only 2.9 million.
They probably would make a good movie about that.
Better than some of those stupid like oceans, 15 and 17.
Oh, I'm so tired of that crack.
There's another movie that did not need to be remade.
Like, Caper movies.
Yeah, Caper movies with Robert Wagner.
Oh, brother.
I used to love the way he looked man.
When he was a young man, he was the only one.
But one thing consistently about him, he couldn't act with a crack number one.
And number two, he was one of the most wooden.
He made Bob Woodward seem like the life of the party.
Like a Mexican jumping bean.
That tells Robert Wagner was wooden.
Yes, that he wouldn't.
Yeah.
He was a stiff.
He was a stiff.
And how she is.
In fact, the big thing about his role in Mike Myers is that's the whole thing is that he was wooden.
And all is all, a roblo was so great repreasing the role of Robert.
Yeah, great one.
Hey Rob, you fair.
Give me a break.
Oh, God.
Just like these Oscars and all these award shows, they're all patting each other on their back.
Oh, you're so great.
And you're so wonderful.
And it was so marvelous.
You know, 90% of it is politics.
And they have the 10% just a pile of crap.
Good.
Got him, Miss Molly.
He's spent like about half of their time going to award shows, eating free rubber chickens.
And like, you know, screaming about how great they are are.
Could we do something more constructive than those stupid ass award shows?
No, apparently.
Oh, I used to like Rob Lowe.
I must admit that.
MSC, that's good.
Along with picking my nose and doing little chomping.
Yeah.
Well, I mean Rob Lowe is.
No, whatever.
No problem with it.
Now, he's rehabbed his image now that he's married and got 45 kids by somebody.
I don't know who the daddy is.
And also he was in at West Wing thing.
Uh-huh.
But he's a, and they have for that show he went on some other piece of cargo that they've ever had a problem with Rob.
He actually was in a couple of pranks.
He's not a good obelisk.
He's not a good obelisk.
Just fun, yeah.
What that was the movie where he played the, uh, the, the, the, he went to Oxford.
Oxford.
Oxford Blues.
Oxford Blues.
That was a good movie.
Was it?
Yeah.
You didn't see that?
No, I thought it was class.
Maybe I'm thinking of a different movie.
Crash.
It was kind of crass.
Oxford Blues.
He was in some of those, uh, you know, teeny Bob kind of whatever they were.
Oh, yeah.
He was in all those Brad Pitt movies.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending that's our poll question today?
How many votes have we got?
We got, uh, 8, 76.
We're in at our 1,000 on the one from yesterday too.
Wait until we get 1,000 on the one that we haven't even thought up yet.
This is Neil Rogers.
Rocks always is 5, 16, 2, 8.
Ha-ha!
Neil, my queen.
God.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka,
and a chain of radio stations.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Un...
believable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douchebags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neil Rogers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, no, that's a cop-up.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to Elle Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue hair don't bags from Fembro Pines.
You know, the Yentons, they say, all Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Running around stealing sweet and low.
I guess you're anything.
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
In...
credible.
Neil Rogers disease of growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means?
Hey, you know what I got?
A night!
What's we followed?
Three points, nothing?
Send your tax deductible contributions today in Carrop Hot 105.
Terminal.
Un...
believable.
Un...
believable.
Yeah, we heard it the first time.
I see. That's one of the reasons I don't go back in the library and play about his old stuff.
Is it had to do a blip on that thing?
Oh, well.
Did we all hit it?
No, just you.
Oh.
Had the D-bag word in there.
What do you mean just me?
All of that would have been like out in the, uh, taking leak or something.
I was beginning lighting a sensitive candle.
Really? Is that why you were eating your boogers?
Why didn't you eat in Josh's boogers?
No, but it did have to do with Josh.
Oh.
Chilly for lunch, not...
I see.
Without the boogers.
But that's what they really said.
You know, this business, all these words.
It's a...
And there's no...
And there is no basis for it either.
No, there's no basis for that.
We can say douche and, you know, every now and then you can say it's in the bag, but we just can't say them like, uh, side by each.
Well, what a crock of crap.
What a bunch of spineless, gutless cowards we got running this place, man.
Oh, but Josh says that.
He has screw joys, okay?
Chilly know already if you stuck 14 of them up or a big fat butt.
In fact, let's start right now.
I'll go straight to Roblo.
You know, I did a very stupid thing here.
I mean, really stupid.
Yeah.
I printed out Roblo's filmography here.
I don't know why.
I'm looking at it here.
And it's like 7,000 movies he's made on.
For a movie, my God.
We were both right.
He was in class and Oxford Blues, which are two different movies.
And there's a picture of him here now.
I don't know when this picture was taken.
He was born March 4, 1790.
He was born in Charlottesville, Virginia, as if anybody cares.
And as you see, a lot of these pretty boy queens, I mean, guys that went or younger,
they look real pretty.
And then as they get older, they get into middle-aged.
And they start looking really fake.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And he's one of them.
Now, you probably have a notice because you don't have an eye for that straight eye for the fat guy.
But I do believe me.
He looks absolutely.
Every day that goes by.
Well, he's got a wife and 48 kids now.
He's proven it to everybody.
Let's see, Dr. Vegas, Salem's lot.
There's the phone, I mentioned, it's a package on series.
So the lion's den, view from the top, Austin Powers and Gold member.
But we know about that.
That's where he was doing the Arab or Raggeda deal.
Like a toy gun.
Jane Doe.
Well, we're some of the old West Wing.
We're some of the older movies where he was like, you know, living and breathing.
Boy, he, I'll tell you one thing.
He sure gets a lot of work.
St. Elmo's fire.
That's when I was trying to find out bad that was.
That was good.
In a bad way.
It was known as bad in a good way.
I mean, Oxford Blues clashed the outsiders.
He said they played Soda Pop Curtis in the outsiders.
Soda Pop.
Hey, Pop.
That was one of his first movies as a matter of fact, the outsiders.
Everybody wrote the punks were in that movie.
That was the movie with Matt Dillen was in that.
And Tommy crew, a Tommy.
You're fair.
I think that was a Ralph Machio.
And the Ralph Machio, I think, was in there.
And also, C. Thomas Hall.
C. Thomas jumps.
C. Thomas naked was in there.
That's one of our favorite movies, by the way, The Hitcher.
Now, I'll say this about that movie.
The ending was bizarre.
Yeah, don't ruin it now.
They're not going to watch The Hitcher.
Not if you're in the ending, they won't.
Well, okay.
The ending was good.
It was fine.
No complaints.
The ending was preceded by that scene where he confronts Rector Howard.
And he like spits on his face in a good, the last drop.
Very, very, very pseudo-psychosexual overtone.
See, the good thing about The Hitcher is that you had no idea what was going to happen at any given point.
It was full of surprises.
Yeah.
Especially if he got the finger foods.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, they'll teach you people to eat them fries.
I told you them fries would make you pee if you got some.
And I'd say, do not eat no fries.
Let's get some of these movies with unacceptable endings on the floor.
Whatever else you got.
You know, if you got something like really important like David Tampson's an idiot, a bulletin like that.
We're delighted to hear that too.
Hey, David, guess what?
Everybody is laughing at you, man.
Take your ball club in Governing, how you want.
Especially with your fire sale.
Nobody's going to come out.
They're going to revert back to those games with a thousand people in the stands.
Josh, you're going to have lots of elbow room.
We won the World Series.
Not again, for you, ball boy.
Don't play that again.
I just get goosebumps when I hear you play that sound.
It's still running.
Yeah.
Get a butterfly net for that S.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Good, Shorty.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Yeah, it's just a Wayne.
Yeah, the Wayne.
What do you got?
There's a Wayne Almond.
The Wayne stuff.
What do you got, Dwayne?
The Boogie Man, the Boogie Man was terrible.
I mean, again, the...
I just didn't know what was never scared to watch the entire Boogie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Very awful.
I mean...
Well, watch out for the Boogie Man, Gary.
Mommy could have taught you that a long time ago.
Watch out for the Boogie Man.
That's what KC said.
Watch out for the Boogie Man.
I saw that movie, but it's one of those cheesy formula, you know,
where it goes, kills everybody movies.
I mean, right.
Oh, there's that phone again.
Do a little talk.
I wonder what this is.
Oh, damn it.
You're already feeling that?
Okay, here we go.
This is way better than talking since you got brought it up.
Any excuse to throw this on there?
And then this is a song that Howard was singing when you're supposed to be Stuttering and Dancing.
I just heard this in the background.
Right?
Well, let's...
It's amazing.
I think one of those automated things has set in a fax to my regular line number.
So much, you wanted to automate the things that I thought I'd run.
Yeah, I think that wrong numbers.
Sorry, wrong number, mister.
Sorry, hey, get lost with your fax.
I thought it was something important like Edmick Man, or maybe like Jack Martin, the hockey coach,
calling for tips.
Tips out the night's game.
We got the Washington Crafitals in there.
Your Florida Panthers, Alexander Ovechkin, and the Crafs, and the Oli Colesig, and et cetera.
Anybody know who those guys are?
Oh.
And for the seven o'clock tonight.
And Gildi, let me say it again, when the other team scores, I sure wish somebody would talk to that child.
See, I don't know how to express this because that's the thing.
I think he's generally speaking, been doing a pretty decent job.
He's like green behind the ears and wet behind the butt.
But somebody's got to teach him how to do this because I don't think he's got like any role models.
He's been listening to how you call a hockey game.
The goal when it's scored is the moment that's the highlight of the game.
It doesn't happen off the lot.
It happens more this year except for the Panthers, of course, it's still playing Coma Star.
But you can't just downplay it to the point where it's like you're pissed off.
You know, I heard Mo talking about that one day at the beginning of his show.
Mo, remember Mo?
Yeah.
And he happens to be, maybe Mo on a similar, of course, Mo, I'm sure is delighted.
In fact, that's why I heard that call.
He played that one for the other day.
He played that one at the beginning of the show.
Yeah.
And a horrible call when Brian McCabe scored a winning goal in the game on Monday.
He shoots his cars and then I'm in front of the hand.
You can't do that.
I don't care if they lose every game, your idea.
Maybe that's one of the reasons we got nobody in the stands because the broadcaster is so damn boring.
They're so negative.
That's your job.
It's a tough job when you got a really bad losing team.
It loses almost every day.
That's the biggest job in broadcasters.
It's to create a little bit of excitement to make people think they want to go out there and see it.
To get whipped up into a frenzy.
We love the Panthers.
It's a lot of excitement, okay?
And even when the other team scores, it's a little bit of excitement.
Especially when there's like 2,000 fans in the stands.
Get with it, y'all.
Okay?
Watch out for a little bit.
Crank it up a couple of nights as you silly person you.
God, what a good spike all the time.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Not there.
It's line one malfunction at the junction.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got a movie for your poll.
Yes.
How about all three matrix?
What is it?
All three matrix movies.
All three matrix movies.
I see.
I thought maybe you came up with an end of a new movie.
All three matrix.
Okay, matrix parts 1 through 100.
Exactly.
Okay?
You see the matrix?
Yes, all of them.
And you might be a second one sucked.
No, that's not the topic whether the movie sucked in at the ending.
Well, acceptable ending.
It was a fine ending.
The third one had ended fine.
Well, what about matrix card 2?
Well, see, it's a trilogy.
So the first two didn't actually end.
They just set up.
What about Godfather?
What about Godfather?
Right?
Nothing wrong with the ending.
You always draw a seven.
It's always right.
Always oranges or some other fruit and hunger.
Let me first of all.
You see the moral of the Godfather movies is if you're a successful gangster, you die with an orange in your hand.
And if you're successful,
Marlon Bradley didn't have with no orange in his hand.
Okay, he was spraying the oranges.
Okay, he was spraying the oranges.
It was like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
I'm like,
he was like,
I can't be because he was blinded.
That can be because he was having a hard time going to a diabetic guy's singing again.
Don't make me remember that.
Why?
It just depends on his face.
OK, I'm just going to fix that.
The fact is coming.
It's gotta be an automated thing, doesn't it?
It's gotta be.
Yeah.
Oh, who cares.
Five six seven oh five.
Sifted by a sixty five,
Fixed in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
somebody Q a m, Hello?
Hello, mail.
Yes Sir.
They're bull?
Yes.
Any movie by Martin?
Fourth 50?
Yeah, OK.
Six.
I know we don't have to say it we want the name of a movie okay not any movie by
Not so like that you all the major right, you know name a movie. Yeah
What movie had the most unacceptable ending what one movie give us a name give us a title any movie
Some Hollywood in fact give us something beside a name for the poll
Give us some verbal intercourse here a little conversation. Okay. No, you're good. Are you capable of doing that?
Oh, can you say it?
No, I teach you anything besides the boogie man's out of the bed. No boogie man. God
Here he is Casey hey Casey yeah, by what quick ring and all them ugly guys by the house
Well, he is the worst case
All these simply faced young
Queens think a popular pop star like that would
Yeah
912 votes on a pool today and we're gonna get to our thousand the next hour people are gonna start writing that down
In fact, I think we start voting on tomorrow's polls simultaneously. You sign by each what you say
516
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q a
An entire entertainment
Universe is on the brink of extinction
Entertainment news box office receipts are suffering their biggest fraud in 14 years
And only one thing can bring it back
I
From a clock at 5�나
we got mad dog at four. Can you believe that? How did that happen?
Oh, that was a mistake. Somebody canceled the date.
Panthers previewed 630. The caps and the passes at the Macarena at 780K10.
They're after the hockey game. Chaining may be really a war crime.
Julian Borger writes, just the Guardian UK. How do you like that?
Vice President Dick Chaining's burden on the Bush administration grew heavier yesterday.
After a former senior U.S. State Department official said he could be guilty of a war crime
over the abuse of prisoners. Lawrence Wilkerson, there he goes again,
who served as chief of Santa Secretary of State Colin Powell from 2002 to 5.
Single-Owner Mr. Chaining, a wide-ranging political assault on BBC's today programming.
Mr. Wilkinson said that an internal administration debate over whether to abide by the GIMM
conventions and the Truman V. Taney's, Mr. Chaining's under the argument that essentially
wanted to do away with all restrictions to do away with all restrictions.
As whether the Vice President was guilty of a war crime Mr. Wilkerson replied,
well, that's an interesting question. It was certainly a domestic crime to advocate terror,
and I would suspect that it is an international crime as well.
In the context of other remarks that appeared to be using the word terror to apply
to the systematic abuse of prisoners.
Avogar Raib, the Washington Post last month called Mr. Chaining,
the Vice President for torture, for his demand that the CIA be exempted from a ban on cruel
and human-indegraping Truman V. Taney's.
Does anything got a color of it? No. No.
And the beat goes on. It's this chronic condition.
Yeah, that's right. That's exactly what we got.
He finally said that he was, we've got a chronic condition and we're all suffering from it.
We've got bush-itis.
So here are these two conflicting stories, one in a Sun-Central and one in the Herald.
Which one do we believe?
You know, he's just going to play that low blow that we got?
Yeah.
But I previewed it off. Do you hear me play it? No.
Well, as it gets toward the end, it's a little... I thought of it.
I remember when we were talking about that.
A little dicey. I understand a little dicey and who now cares about Robloy.
He's old news, man. Old meat.
Who's part of it? We could still say the title of it.
Yeah. Low blow.
I am official to the side soon whether to build a new Orange Bowl stadium
says the Sun-Central and the Herald Orange Bowl won't be torn down.
The Sun-Central says the Orange Bowl is still unchanged for decades,
but appears the 69-year-old student could receive more than a facelift in the coming months.
Renovating the dilapidated facilities been discussed for more than three years,
but was put on the back burner while the Marles pursued a stadium near downtown.
When that deal derailed, city officials have turned the retention to the venue
that houses the University of Miami football team.
A meeting between city and new home officials next week
will help determine whether the facility is renovated or torn down
to rebuild a 65,000-seat stadium on the same site.
Now, the Herald says,
after comments by city manager Joe Aereola about demolishing the Orange Bowl
at Samine elected officials scratching their heads yesterday,
he backtracked slightly.
Aereola denied meeting reports that he said the Orange Bowl may have suffered
structural damage from Hurricane Wilma, and that plans were being considered
to build new stadium on the little Havana site.
He claimed the statements were taken out of context,
mixing answers from two different topics,
damages sustained from Wilma, and long-standing plans to be focused on stadium.
He admitted to previously telling you of having athletic director Paul D
that if renovations were to, the football team might have to find another place to play in 2007,
though he'd call that unlikely.
UM, which has a contract with the city Miami to play in the Orange Bowl through 2009,
is the stadium's main tenant, the city which has a long plan 110 million dollar renovation
for the stadium that's supposed to get underway after the 2006 football season.
Yaudi, yaudi, yaudi.
Some media outlets reported that Aereola had said earlier in the day that if an up-structural damage
was found from Hurricane Wilma, the federal 60-year-old building could be turned down.
Later, he denied that.
I don't believe there's anything wrong Aereola told the Herald.
Our engineer said there's nothing wrong.
So they're all over the place. They're going to tear it down and not going to tear it down.
And you know what, whatever they do, it's still a toilet.
How do you like that?
No matter what they do, it's still a big toilet.
It should have been turned down years ago. It's an embarrassment. It's a disgrace.
In fact, remember what they were doing in the Superdome in New Orleans during Wilma?
What they were forced to do?
Yes.
A lot of people probably forced to do an orange bowl because they're in enough turlis.
And the turlis didn't have to have the timer plugged up.
No, and that's seriously.
No, I know, but I just don't know how to say it.
What?
Throw a force to do.
Oh, I don't say toilet.
Yeah, you know, the further bodily stuff.
Well, I bet you're I know where that damn thing is coming from one moment.
Please let me check it.
I've been attached to have your hand.
My baby.
My baby.
My baby.
My see.
For some people just annoyed at how I do in the middle of your show.
I'm doing a radio show now.
Bill, okay, quit bugging me with his emails.
And please do this.
Yeah, okay.
That's what's going on with that crap.
Jesus, K Christ.
Let me see what this says there.
One moment, please.
Solid is, baby.
Do you expect the high entertainment here?
Forget about it.
Every time I let you know, you know, you know, you can't read it.
One moment, play.
Well, Mark, how come you're not playing something exciting there?
Oh, I would love to.
There you go.
Can you see again?
One of this boogie picks.
Well, we heard from the boogie man.
Oh, good talk up.
Okay, that's it.
I've read this thing.
I've read this thing a bunch of crap.
People bugging me.
5670560, pound 56 and he Verizon singular wireless line.
70QYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a movie for you.
Yeah, I don't know if you have.
I don't think you like it.
Hey, the money tight on in the good rail.
We got it on the pool already.
I just turned on 10 minutes ago.
You better get with it, mister.
You have a permission to slip and excuse slip today.
No, you're with it.
Get with it.
Million dollar, baby.
Unacceptable ending.
Magnolia up in smoke.
Monsters ball.
Once upon a time in America, money,
Python and holy grail.
It's one of the first ones you said.
Somebody said somebody called it.
The Blur Witch Project.
If you need your Easter eggs, I'll straighten up for momentum.
You can see from the beginning in chronological order.
And Andy still sucks.
The vanishing American version.
Donnie Darko.
See a momentum.
He was like his wife was diabetic.
And he liked it.
Well, anyway, you want to hear it.
Right.
Now, I got a lot of crap because it's a little bit of a different thing
when you get the ending, but you still don't like it.
And then we'll deal with momentum.
It's like I get it.
It was, you know, they ended it and everything like that.
I just don't like how it.
Let me read the question again.
I know.
I've been moving ahead to most unacceptable ending.
Well, obviously, that's strictly your opinion.
You're okay?
Right.
No.
Just saying that.
Virges of Toko re-screen and war the world.
This list we got so far.
Nothing wrong with that.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I love your show, man.
Yeah.
I have a couple of them that I don't know whether you've seen them or not.
I'm sure George has having young children.
The end of Shrek.
Which one?
Part one?
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Where he ended, they had to go back to being in over.
Is this George?
Yeah.
Oh, thank you, George.
He feels very true, you know.
I let him do the show with him.
I'm just hanging out.
Okay.
Well, I thought the end of Shrek won.
Where they go back to being ogres.
Is that one or is that two?
That's one.
Yeah, well, they end up going back to being ogres when they could say.
I was just going to say, I can't find.
By me, but we'll put it on there.
Thanks, George.
Bye.
Bye.
Hey, that's a good idea.
You can show an honor city and definitely focus on the brighter.
Yeah, it's that time anyway.
It's the only problem with Murray and Widges.
We don't want to overdo it here between now and the end of the year.
Gotta like pace yourself.
Pace yourself, baby.
Save it for the next three years.
You gotta live so long.
Hey, how about you QAM?
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, Gildi will never be a Bob Prince.
Yeah, well, Bob Prince didn't do hockey, though.
Well, actually, Bob Prince did do hockey a way back once upon a time.
And not well, either.
Yeah, you know, I grew up in the T-4 Pennsylvania.
Yeah, well, he'll never be no Mike Lang.
Right, right.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just went to Holland, yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Well, you're never going to be no Mike Lang, Gildi, okay?
Very a lame.
That clip.
And you know, that's why I'm old play, because he's trying to, like, give him the old zets.
And that was bad, Moll.
Quick pick it on poor, little Gildi.
Although, I'm glad he did play it, see?
Because then it gives me a chance to, like, try to give him a little instruction.
I know my hockey broadcast is, Gildi, you better put it up a little bit.
Try to make the game exciting.
Now, like, I'll always score a crap.
And I like, that's not the way it works.
Even when the other team scores a goal, little assignment level there, please.
Listen to Joe Bowen.
You don't have to be a screamer like Fat Joe, who's the best, but you just get with it.
Man, just aggravates the hell out of me.
These people will think that they know something.
And of course, that's the QA map in a way anyway, because we just put anybody on here to do anything.
And just like the other place puts Jimmy Cifilis under and do the dolphin game, that is so installing in the meeting in no matter how crappy the team is and believe me, they are.
But, you know, they, they, they deserve better.
They got a long and storied history. And of course, they got that 72 season 33 years ago.
That underbeated season. And they're getting real nervous about the occult. But nevertheless, they deserve a better job in some little silly guy.
It sounds like a little girl with his legs tied together.
Oh, gosh, look at Mickey. Wow. Mickey, Mickey.
Come on, Jimmy. Cut the crap already.
You're fair.
Could be in a silly person.
WDQ-AM. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon.
And back to you.
Two things. It was a movie by the name of Moholyn Drive.
Right.
One of the worst possible endings. I still don't understand it.
I feel only the bit I don't remember the ending. I don't know. Yeah, it was bizarre. We heard it was our movie.
Very strangely. The only good thing was the lesbian scenes in it.
Okay. And the second thing. Have you tried any of the low carb ice cream that Brian's puts out?
I can't eat low carb ice cream because it's loaded with cervical and keeps me busy all day on the strong. I can't eat it.
I can't handle it and be in a diabetic, recently diagnosed. I've got sent.
Well, if you even have a problem with it, if you need a body can handle it in more power to me.
Yes, I can. Thank you, sir.
Good luck to you. Go eat some chocolate ice cream with how these varies.
Hmm.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60, and even rising and singular wireless line. WDQ-AM, hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay.
Old yellow.
Old yellow, yeah, I was a sad.
Unacceptable, yes, me. I already said lasty come home.
And then lasty turned out to be a girl. Oh, Jesus. I hate when that happens. You know what?
I get choked up about it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60, and even rising and singular wireless line. I pulled it a.
I'm getting confused, aren't you? No. Oh, I am too many polls all at once.
I can see I was quite 30 miles. Everyone, we got that. We got the, I'm not going to I'll read the list later.
947, 947 vote on that. And for tomorrow, what movie has the most underseparablining?
I started that too early today, but the reason for that is I thought we'd build a nice good list.
Plus there's nothing to add on to the days. Although we did that a couple on there. Yeah, we did.
What the hell was that? Huh? I think I may lose my mind here. So I'm going to have to shut that door between that phone.
There keeps that that fact just keeps re-diling and re-diling.
Yeah, that's fast. What is that all about?
Fasted.
But what is that?
It's somebody that thinks that they've got the right number.
Yeah, the fact machine just keeps because it's not a fact machine. And then they're not connecting.
They're practicing keeps re-diling trying to make a connection. I see.
And then we got the beep on my printer here that you just sent me something between that.
I might just go a little bit fatty here today. It says for your movie pool, contact.
Contact. Oh, yeah, yeah. I agree.
I wrote A-Men really big on the page as a matter of fact.
I see that. As a matter of fact, that's a perfect example because here's a movie that's so good.
And you're going along and you're just loving every minute of it.
And then you think it's going to go somewhere and then they just pull the rug right out from under you at the end.
I see that. That's definitive then. Yeah.
They're pitting me what we're talking about.
It says, not the movie was a very intelligent look at how aliens, I alien contact my come about.
It was dead on about how religious fanatists would react.
It was building to what looked like a great ending and then totally cracked out.
Right. I mean, unacceptable is just the beginning of it.
See, you know, all the religion is down through all the God's blood.
He made the stars also in the idiotic.
What's the rest of the universe there for?
Just this for window dressing.
It's because it looks pretty right and see it anyway.
Hey, it's animals. It's all there.
And all of this is about dead planets and falling stars and stars that burn out and stuff.
Well, what does that tell you?
And this crap about where I was their life on Mars.
Maybe there was now maybe like 20 billion years ago there was.
We're just not going to know about it.
It's just so stupid.
See, that's one of mankind's biggest weaknesses.
We just can't accept the fact that there are some things that we not only do we not know,
but we can never possibly know how to do like that.
Like stupid.
Stupid.
Let's now thought of, for example, not smart, like Fredo stupid.
Look at us for Christ's sake.
We work for Greg Reed, 1213 to QAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-18.
Look at on.
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
Yes, come on.
I don't think I can make it like all Christ.
See here, feed us my son.
I don't think I can make it.
You're going to get it.
Three of people in here.
You're going to get it.
I'm going to get it.
Woody O'One.
Don't want your check in stand.
Woody O'One.
Don't want your Mickey stand.
Woody O'One.
I'm going to take the lead with this man.
Woody O'One.
I just want my own thinking child.
Don't want to die.
Don't want to die.
Don't want to die.
Don't want to die.
Don't want to die.
You're making them to train away from us.
You will look at my life's life.
Don't want to die.
You will be in the end.
You'll be shocked.
You might play with your money.
When I want something I don't have something I don't have to say.
You might want a free chance.
You won't want to die.
So that's all your money.
Free food out of ice.
What else do you want?
I think we know that we must die.
Yeah, I want my own thinking child.
I want my own thinking child.
I want my own thinking child.
I want my own thinking child.
I got the thinking child.
Call 18 to QAM.
Here's the fact that his easy rider could have had a better ending.
Yeah, could have had a better ending.
I mean, you know, we got it.
That's not the question.
I know.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending?
That could have had a better ending.
Almost any movie could have had a 80% of movie.
That's probably could have had a better ending.
Both unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
Don't you understand the difference between weak and unacceptable?
I mean, if it didn't end with a naked chick exploding it could have been better.
There you go.
I saw that in about 400 years ago.
Did naked chick exploding?
Yeah.
John Timonney says it was all a big misunderstanding you're police to.
And we're not talking about the 400 pounds of pocket.
It's some tried to buy a New York.
That screaming day long headline on the Internet's popular drudge report
and all the TV talking heads claiming his Miami cops would open a new front in the war
and tear with red in my deep checks.
The former Philadelphia police see a point on TV to explain why the so-called
in-your-face anti-terror campaign called Miami Shield may be the domestic police equivalent of shock and awe
but it won't violate people's civil liberties.
Many told CNN's American morning that nowhere in America
whether it's terrorism ordinary crime without probable cause can you demand identification.
So why has achieved new plan costs such as stirr?
Maybe it's because chief company is still trying to fight civil liberties allegations from his recent past.
This is in the Philadelphia Daily News.
Earlier this month the ACLU filed three lawsuits charging the officers under the law.
The testimonies command use excess force to intimidate an unlawfully arrest innocent bystanders.
Protesters during the remember 2003 free trade area in America's meeting in downtown Miami is your well recall.
And one of the lawsuits a female reporter for the Miami New Times was there to cover protests.
I think she was handcuffed forced to lie down for more than an hour.
First and then arrested for afraid you do a bail awful command.
Timmies tangled history on the issue began in filet when he was a commissioner of something or other.
See the body edge of this is off to because it's the same same damn thing as the hero in 2001.
At the Republican National Convention in 2000,
Philly Cups were accused of arresting protesters without just cause.
And only a handful of more than 400 people arrested were ever convicted of any crime.
Not surprising the ACLU said yesterday would take a wait and see approach on the Miami deal.
Okay. ACL spokesman Alessandro Soder meet says when they say one thing but practice can be the suspect.
We'll say time will tell when they start like stop in your right in the middle of a street corner and say okay, where's your ID whip it out.
Then they will fear you baby.
See like you said it's a smoke screen.
The whole idea of this thing is to take attention off.
And of course it fits the right in with the fascist you would say with a soul mentality.
So it's perfect. It fits in like a rubber glove deep inside your right.
Maybe he's not the police chief. Maybe he's the productologist.
He's the police teeth despite their denials everyone 917 and we're going over a thousand this hour and I take that.
No big deal. Everyone loves to fart 207.
Choke it 182. They're choking it has sexual fantasies 127.
Picks their nose 98.
Lies 87.
Enjoy his .066.
Listen to the erudgers 50.
No is W. Stolos to elections 49.
Cheats on their taxes 22.
Vantidos tickles the taco 18.
Is that it's the good taco or taco?
Schmackle each their booger 17 disgusting nobody does that.
Yeah, I know.
King and the shower well guess what you're wrong everybody.
That's that should be the winner keeps saying that everybody does they do.
I don't know anybody doesn't need them me and Josh.
Yeah, you're both lie right.
In fact, you probably put them on the pizza.
King and the shower 10 picks their butt 10 loves garbage TV 10 smokes weed 9.
Here's death 5.
Lies lose their ass gambling for and uses body wash for.
There you go.
Well, of course there are some people don't gamble.
I mean, Schleppers can't afford to gamble anyway.
So they can't worry about it.
They're not in denial.
That's right.
Just can't afford it.
That's right.
And good to salute them.
Some of us can't afford it to go and have a good time and occasionally get lucky.
Except for the people sitting next to us who smell like the end of the world.
I'm going to tell you right now if there's a place called Helen Scott in a Roma.
I said I said next to hell last night for about 50 minutes.
Well, probably there's only five minutes.
It seemed like 15 hours.
I said next to hell whatever hell smells like.
Oh, God.
And I mean, you can't say anything.
Why not?
What are you going to say?
Hey, you stink.
Yeah.
Hey, stinky.
No, and now I have you know what?
This is a true story.
This is a true story.
I don't know whether it was an elevator or where the hell it was, but there was one time with a fat black lady
who happened to like cut the worst cheese.
Maybe it was in public.
I know it was her because I was standing there right at Drift and she like,
oh, man, what's that?
What's things?
Now, I guess that's a good scam, you know?
I like who cut it.
Oh, God.
It must have been the dog then.
There were no dogs in the supermarket, you know?
Well, I mean, have you ever gotten, had one get away from you and you were like around other people?
Of course.
Well, absolutely.
Are you kidding me?
Well, that's what you mean immediately.
You got to turn to the person next to you and you go, oh my God.
What did you have for breakfast?
Good, God.
Can't you control yourself?
That's right, man.
Yeah.
Well, no, actually my tactic is if I'm like in a public place and do something like that,
I look around and you're like, oh, it's like kind of like squint the eyes, you know?
Oh, like I'm nauseous.
Like, who did that?
Who cut it?
It doesn't work, of course.
You didn't.
But nevertheless, at least it gives you a little bit of hope.
But just maybe they weren't paying off attention.
I try to get it as an aisle by myself.
Especially if they heard it.
Somebody cue my hand.
Who I am.
Hey, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
But I do not eat the burgers.
I actually put them on my car seat.
I would love to.
I would love to.
Put them on my back for your headboard.
If you got a nice headboard on your bed, stick them back there.
What kind of a kid I used to do that.
I got a request now.
You got to marry Ethan Christmas on.
Yeah, he's in good luck to you.
5.6705.
16.
Hey, when I was a little kid, this is a true story.
I used to have a headboard on my bed.
Yeah.
And back in the day, and I see, I guess when I was younger, I had, like,
I was more coothed than I am now as an old fart.
I certainly would never have thought of putting that in my mouth.
Yeah.
So, you get out of here.
I might just...
I think you're looking good, baby.
Crunchy.
I know I don't kind of have it in there right now.
But anyway, can I finish the story?
I used to like reach behind me, and I would smear them on the back of the headboard.
Yeah, sure.
That's what that's there for.
You never do that?
Yeah.
Oh, see.
Here's an admission from a horror hated perfect.
He used to smear his boogers on the back of the headboard as a seat.
Under the desk.
Under the desk.
Under the seat.
Anywhere but in my mouth.
Under the seat.
Yeah, you should look at this one.
There's a big, big, big, big, big...
Oh, that's another reason for me not to come back no more.
Looks like the inside of a cave ceiling on the...
Yeah, I'm going to search here and ask stuff on my feet and come back there again.
That olive oil.
That is still slick from it.
What was that?
Yeah, and you know something, that nutrugina, that body emulsion.
That's also good for your feet.
Yeah, if it's good for your skin, there's nothing a genius to figure out.
It's good for everywhere.
Sure.
It's all over your body.
You know anywhere where it's a dry and cracked?
That stuff is a miracle.
Nutrugina body emulsion.
If you've got dry skin, and this is not just for the ladies out there,
or the make-believe ladies, this is for everybody.
Anywhere where there's a dry crack.
Brackdom.
Schmurret.
When did that?
Schmurret.
No, seriously, that stuff is as close to a miracle.
It is?
Really?
And I have tried every lotion and potion and cream and...
What do you name it?
It's...it's lazy.
It's like molecular or something.
Yeah, there's something with that nutrugina body emulsion.
Now they make a lot of other products and maybe they're good, maybe they're not.
I don't know, but I'm just...
I'm just telling you about that one.
I got to go out and buy a couple of new flavors of body wash for the weekend.
It's 27 past noon at 5.60.
You end up molmized through who today is going to tell us what body wash uses and what he shaves with.
Nice.
Easy.
Come on, boys.
You're definitely going to be a baby.
Mix.
It's fine.
Listen up.
I've constantly expressed my displeasure with lace,
particularly lace the class of that class of that information.
And I want to know.
I want to know the truth.
I want to see through it.
It's a truth to that.
Now it seems to us that wrote new just what he said.
Words are not just words.
When an agent might get killed.
Mr. President, will you do just what you said?
And lots of car roll roads for his treason, baby.
You stood at podium and said the car roll was not involved.
We don't want to see Tarot no more.
We don't want the country to pay for him.
We'll be safer if you kick him out the door.
Wish you will make the White House more than you.
It's contrary to what you told the American people.
He didn't even talk about his life, didn't he?
There will be a time to talk about this, but now it's not the time to talk about it.
You know, talk about it.
Scott McLean, by the way, is rumored to be on the way out.
And he won't know why because they say he doesn't have any credibility.
Of course, the president and vice president make a lot of credibility.
But Scott McLean doesn't say he may be out.
Is anybody here?
No.
5670560, £560, and he provides them in a singular wireless line.
I guess we got a decent list of all.
Although I thought there'd be a lot more than this.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending?
I thought we'd have like 50,000.
They'll be called in more.
Besides Old Yeller, which obviously is probably the winner.
WDQAM, hello.
Now.
Yes, sir.
But I'll do what to grew up in the 80s, less than zero.
So I could easily follow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I never saw it.
It's a Robert Downey Jr. movie.
Less than zero.
As far as I know.
Okay.
Well, I'll take his word for it.
Did you grow up in the 80s?
I guess I did.
Oh.
I'm still waiting for most of these people to grow up, period.
Okay.
What do you say, sweetheart?
5670560, pound 5660, never rise in singular wireless line.
These people leave me kind of like limp most of them.
How many QAAM, hello?
Antonio.
Yes, sir.
I'm still fired up on weapons or friends here.
You don't even know.
I am sick, sick of this country.
Of these mudwabs.
I need to go get away from these people.
They're good.
Start right now.
Head to east.
WDQAAM, hello?
Good morning, Neil.
How you doing?
Good afternoon.
I got a new body wash for you.
May I have a time to go finger?
Yeah, I'll bet.
5670560, pound 5660, never rise in singular wireless line.
In fact, he's probably shivering some on his right now, which could be anywhere in his case.
WDQAAM, hello?
QAAM, hola.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, hi.
I thought you were not supposed to be talking about Michelin's from the radio anymore.
But anyway, how about when you drive down the street talking about picking noses, you drive
down and you see a guy next to you, picking his nose and looking at it and studying it like
there was the time that...
Well, maybe it is.
It is written, baby.
It is written.
It possibly could be.
And you know what I do?
When I go shopping with my wife down, publics, I go down the line and I can...
I cut a nice one and I run down the end of the aisle.
So when the old people come up, they think that it's hard and they should close their
people.
That is pretty good.
I like that.
Nice technique, Valley.
Good style.
You get several style points on that.
No, actually, when I'm in my car, I don't want people looking.
If I...
Have I always talked about PIP insurance picking in peace?
That's right.
That's the place you ought to be able to pick your nose and all you...
That's what other good reason for tending windows.
Yeah.
You don't want people staring while you're picking your nose.
What you do with it and where you put it, whether you chew it, toss it out the window, stick it on your pantaloons on it, whatever.
Whatever you do with it.
That's your business.
It's your boogers and it's up to you.
Hey, don't go flicking it out the window.
Why not?
You might hit somebody else.
Well, too bad.
They deserve it.
If they just can't mind your own business.
God, all these people got a stare.
You're going to stare at somebody else, okay?
They believe me.
There ain't nothing worth staring at me about.
Trust me.
There's plenty of people in curve all over South Florida.
Not so much.
Oh, South Florida, when you're on a highway, you look around, you look to your right, you look in your left, and you feel a lot better about yourself.
Yeah.
Geekland.
So many geeks to the right and geeks to the left.
Just shocking.
Like line nine is usually pretty shocking.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got one for the poll for the movie.
Yes, sir.
Artificial intelligence, gray movie, horrible, out-top hour.
Okay.
All right.
That's it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Artificial intelligence, which sounds like the Greg Reed story.
Hey, you seen it?
Yeah, unfortunately.
He said it was a great movie with a crappy ending.
It was a crappy movie with an even crappier ending.
So, well, okay.
I'll solve relative.
It's wrong with that.
Nothing.
I'll tell you a movie with a funny ending.
And I was happiness.
Yeah.
That was the end of that movie.
I was just expecting.
In fact, you don't even need the rest of the movie.
It's kind of depressing and very morbid.
But if you just, huh?
That was the closure that we all needed.
I guess the little kidney ended, anyway.
And maybe the dog too.
Wow.
That is really something.
Well, that was a good movie.
Yeah.
The subject matter was like a nausea.
That was strange.
It was the brain.
It was strange.
It was strange.
Daddy was a little bit strange.
Oh.
Now, who didn't he play?
He played the doctor in the emergency room in the Requiem
Produe.
That is correct.
He's been a bunch of things, though.
He's been an actor.
Although I had the feeling he might have been acting so much in this one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 6, 8.
On the bar I was in singular wireless line.
Like Michael Cain in the anti-dickensin movie, Dress Decule.
What was the Dress and Drag?
Yeah, I didn't think he was acting too much.
I thought it was just like a Beatleson act naturally.
Speaking of Michael Cain while you're making out your list of things to see, no particular rush.
I love Michael Cain, yes.
I mentioned it before.
Since you do like Michael Cain and I know you hate Toby McGuire, but nevertheless.
I didn't tell him he would go out and I could live where it was.
It wouldn't bug me off in the movie.
He bugs me nevertheless.
A cider house rules.
You would like that.
I've heard of that.
Good story.
Good drama.
Good subject matter.
I guess they're recommended to me many, many times.
Really?
And would I rather see that or a Shindler's list?
Oh, it's apples and oranges.
And, well, any fruit will do.
Like Jesse McCartney.
Come on, let's get serious.
Cain and has the rules.
I don't have room on my plate for two movies today.
Which one?
I'm going to go out and get one today.
Guaranteed.
Shindler's list.
It's a Jule movie.
You, okay?
You, okay?
Oh, hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, one for your bowl.
I'm going to bring the first one.
And I also have something else.
You had a spot for Hank Confedition.
Like Hank's tickled bread, Tom Fettish, or something?
Yeah.
I haven't seen a picture of Hank, but I'm definitely interested in the tickled bread.
What a clever queen.
I mean, what a silly goose.
560, 560, 0560, 0560, and the residence singular around the slime.
These people are so creative, aren't they?
No.
They're not.
Dylan Baker.
They're not.
What is it?
Dylan Baker is the name of the dad from Happiness.
Oh, he's a good actor.
Yeah, he's doing a bunch of stuff.
Oh, and Vincent Dog was pretty good, too.
He's in the Spider-Man movies.
70 QIM, hello.
Hello, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got a movie.
Yeah.
Jacob Flatter.
We're going to talk about Jacob's liner before.
Did I see Jacob's liner?
With Tim Rodden.
Yeah.
I tried watching it and somebody told me the ending and I said, thank you.
Thank you very much.
What's on the ending right now, so then I have to waste their time.
What was the ending?
He's dead.
He's dead.
He's dead.
He's almost dead.
He's dead.
He's dead in the end.
No waste your time with Jacob's liner.
Oh, speaking of Jacob's liner, what happened to my friend Jacob?
I don't know.
Jacob?
From the hockey games, Jacob.
Jesus.
What about him?
What about him?
Back of these names.
You know who I'm talking about?
Yeah.
No, you don't.
Are you really?
I know the guy that you're talking about.
I mean, I don't know him personally.
He can't pick trim, but I, you know, let's all find him.
All right.
That's part of your newest time.
I'll leave right now.
566705.
I'll stick back when I find him.
How you doing, Jacob?
That's for you sweetheart.
566705.
It's just, someone usually you see in like living in breathing person in South Florida.
Anybody looks like appealing.
Male, female, vegetable, mineral.
It's just a geek land.
And as much as I raved about Niagara Falls, even here, you go out on the street and you look
to your right and look to your left and it's like, you're, ah, wow.
Holy crap.
Really true.
And actually, there are a few non-ethnic people.
Oh, I, now I know what I wanted to tell you about my experience.
Forget about the guy that smelled that bad.
Oh my God.
Seriously, I just started taking notes.
I'd have like a loosely little, what I'm a little small, and I'd loosely.
And take notes of my experience.
And take notes of my experience.
Listen to me.
I'm playing there last night and there's a guy, a somewhat in the room.
He's like a real, like one of those guys from like Mooshjar or Alberta, you know, like a Canadian redneck.
And he's playing and he had like, I don't know, he had a cup of whatever he got.
Nothing big.
And so he gets up and he's going to play the machine on the end.
And this big, packy, ugly kid is beside of his player.
Or had been playing there.
Or he's playing two machines.
I don't know what to do.
This guy gets all bent out of shape.
And you know, now he's going to play two machines and I'm going to go get the supervisor.
So anyway, he gets up and he goes on to the side of the $5 machine and it's $5,000.
Okay?
All right.
So he comes back to make sure that this packy kid knows it.
Hey, I just had $5,000.
Thanks a lot for chasing me off that machine.
So later on I'm playing and he comes and sits next to me this guy.
And I can smell the booze on his breath.
Well, it's my birthday today.
How you doing?
What are you doing for 11?
I'm just ignoring him as much as I can.
And he says to me, and at the time there are people, I mean, like anywhere else,
this is a very multicultural city.
They're like packy in all kinds of people playing Chinese.
He says to me, man, I sure hate it when non-white people win something.
Don't you?
Now, keep in mind, I don't know this guy from Adam.
I don't know this guy from Mochelle, hope I don't have never laid eyes on him before.
Hopefully, never see him again.
This is the kind of trash that I'm talking about.
They've congregates that eats and greets and meets at that place.
Well, what kind of a thing is that to say to somebody you don't even know?
Yeah, you should have said that.
Yeah, or Jews too.
Yeah.
And like, you should have said, yeah, redneck too.
So if I work a G and an Aschewai, I want a good for you.
I'll pick you up if you've been redneck jackass.
He hates to win non-white people win anything.
And he had some term for the packy kid.
I've never heard of before my life when the most grotesque, not even laundry hit.
I mean, a thousand times worse than that.
A laundry skin, whatever it was.
Purple skin, I don't know.
Man, Archie Bunker would have been embarrassed.
Well, he had won non-white people win something.
What is this?
Did you eat a Roger?
This is 5.69 am.
Oh my god.
A leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, a
leather jacket, a leather jacket, a leather jacket, that will be a leather jacket that will be particularly novelty. Menacing soft clothes, with a leather jacket with a leather jacket, this godful leather jacket Ch Assimie looks very cute, and very funny
I choose to spread apart
So
I guess I drank too much eggnog
So I try to play mid-appled y'all
Prover just not the sheeps
Oh my god! Open the window please
And sign it for a tattoo of their face
If don't smell, I can't be patient
Left the clouds so stinky and green
It cleared out the negativity's
Came right out of my palm
Welcome
So
One of my 99 best movies the Cider House rules with
Toby McQuire and Michael Cain and Charlie Star on
Week and a bunch of other glam
Quite very good
And a review says
Trivia, the orphan that gets into the Pido and each all of it
And is shown showing up all over the orphanage's name
Steerforth
Steerforth is the name one of the main characters, friends
And the Charles Dickens book David Copperfield
Which homeroids to the children in their bedroom
Do you know that?
No I didn't
And anachronisms
The package containing Homer's Dr. Bag
There's four examples of a stamp honoring railroad engineers
That were released on April 29th 1950
Yet the entire film takes place during the 40s
Uh oh
Yes you could go to IMDB they've always got some like a goose and glitches
It's kind of interesting
Knit Pickers
Everybody hates knit Pickers
Yes
And it goes down Cider House rules as the best translation of a novel to a film
That I've ever seen writes to the reviewer here, Yaudi-audi-audi-audi
But to me, put it up
Sounds pretty good, I'm gonna go get that because I don't want to see Shindra's list
Okay
But it also says if you like this title, we also recommend Peyton Place
Oh geez, what's that?
I don't know, I've heard of it but I don't know
What?
It just sounds like why the soap opera E movie
What do you mean you've heard of it?
Peyton Place?
Yeah
It is a soap opera, was it soap opera on TV?
Oh well that's what I heard
I mean originally it was a novel and it was a brachity me novel
And sex build, etc. fun-filled sex build
And then it was a TV and it was a movie
I say
You never saw Peyton Place?
No
Sandy Peyton Place?
Where's that?
Right next to a Peyton Manning's house?
I thought it was right next to the house
Peyton, there's a buddy
Oh, there's a close buddy
Say Peyton!
You ferry!
Mike says great pull today for tomorrow
I can't believe George hasn't mentioned the village
Flip my mind
It says God awful
Yes, and it's stand up and whatever
What?
I try to put it out of my head
It's a bad movie with a bad ending
Well I put that on there
I also put on there
A cook was nest
Somebody says this is a disappointing movie and he randled my gmurph against lobotomize
And randled over to cook was nest
That's right
That's one of those endings where you know that that's what was supposed to happen
But you just didn't like it
But yeah, I mean he could have like gotten away
He could have put that one there
It was a trap
He could have jumped out the window with the cheese
That's just it
It was a trap
He could have been the look out when a chief was lifted up today and
A thing there to sink
He would have been out of there
He would have been out of there
He was, see that's the whole point
He was on his way out
And he would have been out through the window
He would have set point
The Billy who he liked
Billy to shine
To his blonde girlfriend slut
And he would be really up with the girl
And while he was waiting for them to finish
They all fell asleep
And that's why he wanted to get him to lobotomize
See if we could just talk Billy up with Vera
They kind of got that whole deal over just about 40 seconds
And we wouldn't have to worry about that
That's right
I can't stop thinking about that
I mean that's their sex life
Oh okay
Wow
I guess the price was right
But boy, at least it sure less the
Lot of time for other pursuits
Sure, of course you are
Yeah, that's it
Wow
56070560
Pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Lines
I'm going to watch City of God again
Believe me?
Give it a still?
No, no chance
Dominic QA&A
Hello, to the contrast on your screen so they look white
Oh now try that
QA&A
Yeah, hey Neil
Yes sir
The worst movie ending is going to be a clockwork orange
That's the perfect movie ending, what is that supposed to mean?
No, it's not
It's not the stop in 2001
It's based on the same thing
Okay, and the dialogue, yeah
Clockwork orange ending is perfect
Exactly
It's the whole idea of it, yeah like oh yeah
We're going to be for a man right
Sure you are
We're going to be for them then
Once a pervert, always a pervert, trust me, I know
Aggie Wets
WQA&Hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Pretty good
I have one for tomorrow's poll
How about the birds?
Is this going to be kind of confusing now?
You're going to have to start taking notes
I got one for next Tuesday's poll
This is good, by way
Is it the birds?
Yeah, the birds, yes
How was that?
Yeah, they just kind of drive on
They drive on from the bird to watch and they're like what's the whole idea?
I think this was like the predictor for bird flu
I don't know, I think they offered them the money for either color
Or a ending and he chose to make an incolor
Very perceptive, Pat, you're hired, thank you
The birds, yes
Tippy Hedrens said it was for the birds
I talked a lot about how he just mauled her and just took it to everybody
Yeah, I know that, but he liked her especially
He made her a little tipsy
I like Tippy Hedrens, she, I think she's still alive, isn't she?
I don't know
Oh, please don't tell me she died
I think she died
Do a Google on it
Oh, we lost it
No, that wasn't the point I thought
No, that was the point I thought
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
She was the one who died
I never see a plant eat liver
I'm not talking about liver
I'm not talking about liver
I'm not talking about liver
I'm not talking about liver
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
Maybe you're ever starting feeding the plants
maybe you offered an animal Ant Long
Dr. Buck What do you do with the Xi Okie Hi
Yes sir
Yes sir
His fin cap
It's free
Okie
No real man. He said that one brother was a heat. Well, it's got a heat got it got it to be see heat
Yeah, I want it to be headroom is still alive. Oh, thank God. Are you sure?
That's what it says on your letter a lot of time here. I'm trying to think of what I saw her
I mean was the biography channel. Yeah, but she's she's very good. Mm-hmm, but she does like I don't know
She's like a oh don't tell me she's a pita person. Maybe that's what a way a half of them are so I'm not working well
Don't hold that against her. I will
I'll put it like to though and of course in his case all he had to be with like stand-up straight boy. He had that big puppet
That's something that that can be your signature is a big fat puppet that was Alfred H. God
Yeah, he was
He was different you can say that all right. Oh
Universe on North by Northwest and I keep threatening I can't find it for you that take it
I keep looking in these stores. I keep trying to get it online and remember what happened. They can't hold the order
So
More
Ho
Oh, oh, oh, excellent. Yes, George is on our phone from your
children. Yeah, got moving with semi-interpreting,
badly amusing for the most three quarters, and then at the end,
during the first episode of the movie, they don't even fight.
Bruce Worson's character called the cops on him, and that
ends that with like a little story. How's it going?
We're standing over. Thanks, thanks, Paul. Okay, thanks. Thanks,
Paul. It's like it gets your hopes up. You think, oh, yeah,
I think it's really good that Scott, that everybody tests for
highly, and I like it, and I've seen it about 40 or 50 times,
but the ending is absolutely unacceptable. That's good for us.
Yeah, well, see, when you're talking about a true story,
it's really hard to end it the way you want it to.
No, but that's a snappy ending. They go into the greatest
protection program. Oh, by the way, sorry, I've even,
huh? But that's what happened. So, I understand, it's a true story,
but I don't like the ending. I agree. It was unacceptable. What do you mean?
Change the ending, okay? We don't have to have all the truth.
You know what I mean? Jack Webb wanted the truth,
but we don't have to have it. Let's have him get whacked instead.
Even though there you go. Let's have her go look at those coats.
They did down there. Down there.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
Take these and mom's.
Oh, it's 1 to 2 hour. I forgot.
Neil, okay.
I'll take them.
Move. We're gonna take you and we promise no
about how much love to bring us home.
Okay, that would take you.
I'll keep it.
There's the faith once on a note.
That's where the bad folks go to get away from it all.
There's nice presently.
Yeah.
We're every damn tear or risk.
Nearly intense.
Regulations from man.
We're gonna be.
I'm gonna break down in one tunnel.
I'll get up.
I'll get up.
We're gonna take it and we promise no
about how much we want to bring us home.
I get the place where in some don't tell them.
You want my card? I want to know.
One happens there.
Well, you don't want to know.
There's where.
I'll keep it.
I'm tired of it.
Down to one tunnel.
I'll freeboard.
I'll have to take you.
Oh, it's 1 to 2 hour.
Anyway, I forgot.
This thing is moving along so fast today.
Like, grease lightning.
So it doesn't make any difference.
It will not fry to you.
It'll be fried in a marl.
And then it'll be Saturday and then it'll be Monday.
We'll start all over again.
That's the sad part.
Unless, of course, that 25 million comes through on the 649, eh?
Whenever I sweet.
Here's tomorrow's poll.
What movie had the most unacceptable ending?
Which will go on our website tonight?
You can start voting whenever I feel like it.
When you least expect it, it'll go on.
And it's all, oh, gee, look at this.
Million Dollar Baby Magnolia up in smoke.
Monsters ball.
Once upon a time in America.
Money passed out in Holy Grail.
Momento.
Blair Witch Project.
The Vanishing the American Virgin.
Donnie Darko.
Bridges of Toco Re.
Scream.
War of the Worlds.
Uh, Mahal and Drive.
When I was a really strained, you, do you see that?
No, but you want to see it.
I think I was supposed to.
People get naked.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And let's be in senior love.
All right.
Contact.
Less than zero.
Artificial intelligence.
Lord of the Rings.
Part one.
Jacob's Ladder.
How's Jacob doing?
Uh, once we're over to Kuku who's next.
Legends of the fall.
Oh, I put legends of the fall under because why did Brad Pitt have to die?
I'm sorry if you seem it.
He dies.
Right?
Right.
Why couldn't Craig Schaffer have died?
He's got those raccoon eyes, you know.
There's a, yeah, his eyes are like sinking into his head.
And he's not looking to fit anymore.
Oh, that's how they do things.
Well, dammit.
By the way, when you submit that list,
you might want to, uh, uh, A.I.
is the name of the movie.
Artificial intelligence is what A.I.
stands for.
Oh, the movie is.
Well, let me, okay.
Let me just, okay.
A.I.
As a, or is it, or is it the periods or not?
Just A.I.
I don't know.
Or is it I?
A.
In the Canadian version, I think it was I.
A.
Anyway, Legend is a fall, which, uh,
was, it was a good movie.
It was okay.
It was like hearts and flowers.
Right.
It was, uh, yeah.
It was fine.
Plus Brad Pitt looked really good.
Uh, the village, the birds,
heat, unbreakable, which is really unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
And good fellows.
And even though the good fellows was,
I understand.
It's a true story.
They had to put the, I just didn't like it.
It opens the door.
He gets a newspaper and they're like,
in a witness protection program.
I'm like, come on.
That's it.
By the way, since we're putting all of the M. Night
Shumelon movies on there, which we should.
Yeah.
Signs.
You better watch it.
Eyes news is going to be on a full nor Mickey.
Any time now.
Signs?
Yeah.
No, I don't even know what that was all the reasons.
Both the ending and the, uh, and the epilogue.
First it ends badly and then they have a little epilogue.
And that's that.
Yeah.
That's the Mill Gibson Alien movie.
Mill Gibson.
And the preview says,
it will tell us what those crop circles mean.
We're the main five demons or maybe five.
Some little men who are free.
Ooh.
It was written by M. Nightshamelon.
I'm a thing on the guy who did six things.
But it also did unfringable.
We can do it up quite fast.
Whoa.
Sign.
Sign.
That you move.
He signs.
Scueyotes.
Coming in.
The tingle yours.
Fine.
You be loved to see lots of time.
Mill Gibson plays a farmer with martians in his yard.
And I think that maybe M. Nightshamelon is trying what you are.
Because those circles were made by alien on a wild track to rap.
They were made by Bruce Willick.
Some time after he died.
Oh.
Sign.
Sign.
That you move.
He signs.
The bound out more you gotta stand in the line.
Get out your eight books and pay off the sign.
Sign.
Sign.
That you move.
He signs.
Scueyotes.
Coming in.
Not to be like that one.
What about the other one we got?
What's that?
Oh, that was.
The one about Wayne.
I'm putting it over there.
Although.
If Wayne sings along here and here.
People are beating out of life.
Yeah, there you go.
Reped at poor Wayne again.
I know his handquakes like sucking up a little bit to Wayne this morning.
He's looking for a job in that organization.
Come on, hopper.
Don't cave in.
Here's today's pool.
And then we'll do yesterday's pool.
That would do one from two weeks ago.
Tisha ball.
That was a really good one.
A thousand and sixty one votes.
You know, you know how unceremoniously we passed a thousand mark now.
Used to be like a big thing.
Well, yeah.
Well, I know when we start like four days ahead of time.
We get a leg up so to speak.
Do you ever have a leg up?
I got one up now.
Vera did.
Despite their denials.
Despite their denials,
everyone loves to far 220.
They're choking it over there.
199.
Now I have sexual fantasies 133.
Fixed their nose 104.
But of course, this fence is a disposses of a very sanitary.
Do you believe that?
No.
Flix it.
That would you tell me you just flick it?
Generally speaking, right?
Sometimes it's not of a consistency.
It's easy to flick.
And if there's a good target around, I try to hit it.
Oh, you mean like Maddie Bell?
Small target.
I got skills.
Lies 90.
Uh, enjoys .072.
No, it's W. S. O. Lee a two elections in 2000, 2004.
69.
Listen to the eruders 52.
Even people in certain communities who lie like crazy about it,
who would never listen to this show.
Tickles the taco 23.
Uh, cheats on their taxes 23.
Eats their boogers 18.
See only a very small number of people doing anything disgusting.
Oh, what kind of people would do that?
In the grotesque.
Oh, yeah.
All the time.
Uh, peeing in the shower 13 smokes weed 10.
Fixed their butt 10.
Now that is really grotesque.
Who would do that?
Us.
Yeah.
Loves garbage.
Can you imagine Barbara Jordan picking her butt?
Well, she's dead now, but somebody can say it.
They're just something or Adelaide Steven's.
And I mean, yeah, Henry Kissinger.
Oh, yeah, he's picking it all the time.
Probably.
Uh, loves garbage TV 10.
Here's death nine.
Uh, loses their ass gambling five and uses body wash five out of a thousand and 69 vote.
Pretty impressive.
If you ask me, we got polls all over the damn place.
Oh, it's official.
Die of old election but where can't be trusted?
You know, I have to do immediately when this show is over.
What?
Remember how I solved that problem with the margins on the old computer?
Now I got to do that on the a new computer.
That's right.
Gotta get my margins all straight and know because I'm chopping off so many like like, well,
here, this story here, which I wish I could do.
I couldn't get printed out.
If only a Michigan, which is a several of Detroit, that's where skippers table of a face to
be in between the double header is my old friend Dar and I reached my track, but it
used to go to the afternoon, third-bed racing at Hazel Park.
Then we drove out to LaVonia and had dinner with skippers table to buffet and just pick
out just really mind your mind and go to like DRC, Wolverine, harness, the flats in the
day and the trotters at night.
And then you got trots all night.
The city council in this Detroit suburb voted unanimously to prevent Walmart from being
open 24 hours a day.
I'm making up the last words in these sentences because it's not there.
Right.
Developers of the proposed 204,000 foot store said they were disappointed to vote Wednesday
at the limits for hours to something.
We worked for years to produce a plan that has factored that the citizens said they
were for Robert Tronstein.
We're back to square one, but it's not done yet.
More than 80 residents attended the meeting and some applauded with the council voted.
Walmart stores, Inc. Real Estate official David Ewing declined to say what the Benton
Velarkins saw.
Based retailer would do now.
Everything is under review with them.
When we said the play is under review, so they're going to like put their head under
there.
They're going to put that little schmacht over their head.
They're going to look in the camera.
It's under review and referee is looking and looking and looking and watching it over.
You know, actually, you know what it is?
What?
I'm talking to Josh Moore because he knows about the football replace.
What the referee is saying, he's not seeing the videotapes of what happened under play.
There's a representative.
It's a split screener.
There's a representative from each team that he sees in there.
Yeah.
And each one is holding up a check in which everyone has got that and they keep changing
it.
They got like a whole bunch and they keep, you know, it's like an auction.
You know, that's the highest amount.
That's the one gets the call.
But you didn't know that.
I learned something every day.
That's right.
Opponents of the store said it's rising proximity to 127,000 square foot target store,
but we're in congestion and crime.
It is a crime when Walmart comes into your hood.
I'll tell you that right now.
We hate Walmart on the show.
We wish they would die.
We're happy.
Very pleased, Michelle Arsons, folks, I'm a fighting a 24 hour Walmart.
That's the last thing they need in the Levenia for Christ's sakes.
They're going to the dogs out there.
I mean, it closed down.
They probably tore down at a whole place.
DRC, Detroit race course, and then Wolverine, whatever, used to be harness raceway.
God.
Things just ain't like they used to be, man.
Back in the day.
Now this story, I think, is this one got the last part of the sentence?
I know.
Diebold would rather lose all of its voting machine business in North Carolina than open
its source code to state election officials as required by law, the AP reports.
How do you like that?
You go, Carolyn.
Due to regularities in the 2004 election traced to touchscreen terminals, North Carolina
has taken the very reasonable precaution of requiring vendors of electronic voting gizmos
to place all of the source code in escrow.
Diebold has objected the possibility of criminal sanctions if they fail to comply and argued
for an exemption before a wake count of superior court judge, a gnarly cash well.
He's a gnarly old judge.
The judge declined to wish you an exemption in diebold is concluded that has no choice
to move a draw from North Carolina.
Nothing that'd be finer than a toss diebold out of North Carolina.
It may look better to say.
Right?
The company's explanation is that they're machine.
It's a good machine, but it's fixed.
Their machines contain Microsoft software which they have no right to make available to
state election officials.
This seems this ingenious as it's hard to imagine Microsoft suing diebold for complying
with the law.
It would hardly be diebold's fault if it released MS code through lawful authority on
demand.
That issue would be something for MS in North Carolina to slug out.
One far-fetched explanation would be that MS is licensed and software to diebold with
a provision that the company would draw from jurisdictions where the law requires the
release of its source code.
It's possible, but there's no reason to believe it.
A considerably more plausible explanation is that diebold is using this non-problem as
an excuse to keep its vogueware from the prying eyes of government regulators.
And the most likely reason for that is they've got a lot of blunders to hide.
Ah-ha!
Blunders or intentional blunders.
If North Carolina were to reject the machines on the basis of their software, other states
would undoubtedly become suspicious and begin doing their own investigation.
So in that case, what's wrong with the market is the smartest move the company can make.
But if the software is as good as the company claims, the North Carolina's future endorsement
will make for excellent free advertising, what's wrong with the market would be a very
foolish move in that case, but again, only if diebold has nothing to hide.
They got lost to hide, okay?
The fix was in, baby.
This bunch of right-wing these, they put the con and neocon, personally what I tell you.
They stole two freaking presidential elections and the public is busy shopping for an Xbox
that's not going to work when they get in the home anyway.
And you're like that.
I think that some guy at the CNN, the same guy that can't put the X over to change these
push, he probably put the X in Xbox.
I'll be there to think.
That's under the metal.
Well, that's everybody lined up in Florida.
If somebody cuts in front of you and lies, but I'm saying that's all.
You blow their brains all over your crappy old smelly suit.
I bet you that guy that was sitting next to me last night, but you were in that suit
for like 10 years.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
Well, he was thinking.
Oh, God.
So maybe there wasn't a fresh load, but I mean, I don't want to go into it.
It's just petrified.
That's a lot.
Oh my God.
Maybe it's like part of him, like attached to it.
Right.
Man, I've heard of a woman getting a permanent for this guy.
That was bad.
It was just like, like I said, what can you say?
Like, oh, what is that?
That's what I should start doing.
What is that?
What's that?
Oh my God.
What's that?
Yeah.
Did one of the dead horses get there?
Is there a horse's carcass in here?
I mean, we are like by the racetrack.
God.
What we really need to do is clean up the world.
You know, we need to clean up the rack.
Clean up your act.
All you unwashed masses out there.
The unwashed masses are asses.
And you can smell them too.
Problem minutes after maybe that's what it was.
Problem minutes after one at five, 60 WQM,
it's that most wonderful family.
Unless, of course, you hate to credit all those smelly shoppers,
long-wages, your lines and parking hassles.
So make your gift giving a little bit easier
for you and your loved ones this year.
Give them a dynamite for this gift certificate.
When you call 1-800-Matrus,
you can order a dynamite for this gift certificate
any domination and a brand new bed makes a perfect gift
at the last three years.
When you call 1-800-Matrus, you'll choose from
all the top names, Ceeley, Surt,
a Simmons King Corps, Stearns and Poster Hewlett,
and Temporary P2.
Did you suffer damage from the hurricane?
Maybe you need to bed for those pain
in the ass-licement on Empire to Holiday guests.
Whatever your deal, call 1-800-Matrus.
You'll get same-day delivery in the time
that you pick from 8-8-M to 2-PM.
You pick the date and time for delivery
within a two-hour window to fit your schedule.
And the dynamite for this show is up 99.7% of the time
on time, like I just said.
The rack number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
I wouldn't dream of buying a mattress
any other way you ought to be doing the same.
So before those guests arrive,
pick up that phone and call 1-800-Matrus
or log onto their website, mattress.com.
The easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep
for years to come, just that one simple call
as all it takes 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last, as because it stands for something.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is five-six-
One-one-one-solid.
It's gonna get bricky of all.
I'll bring you up a little more.
I'll bring you up a little more.
You're over here, and I'm over there.
And how about the mallens?
They're like, how about them at a hurry, Gaines?
You know why, if I was, I can pick from that TV,
or if that fight smoke sticks one little pinky toe
in the studio again.
Why, I'll punch them in the nose.
See?
God, knock out as teeth, I say.
I'm gonna mobilize them.
Why, I'll twist them into a pretzel.
Why, I'll tear them lid from lid.
They'll slice his belly open like a grouper.
Yeah, I'll make that poop-a-lar cry.
The next tiny attempt to assassinate
make good character?
I'm gonna call my attorney.
I'm calling the national guard.
The matter where they are,
then I'm calling my rabbi, and I'll call Mabel.
Like Label, and then I'm gonna pull a freight train.
Use them only my dentures,
like all American boy even, who am I strong to do?
Why, if I ever get my head...
What is that?
There's a monkey in my checker's hands.
Oh, who's the one?
Who's the one?
Who's the one?
Why, you?
Get out of my checker's hands.
Oh, what's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
I'm not fair.
I'm not fair.
Who's the one?
Oh, what's wrong with you?
Oh, what's wrong with you?
Oh, what's wrong with you?
I don't have any other item, date.
Don't get so about it now.
1,18.5.
Since the WQM.
Speaking of checkered pants,
Winona Heisen, Winona in Minnesota,
Winona Senior High School is prohibited students
from wearing a certain style of baggy pants
because of safety concerns.
Bondage pants.
You know what our Bondage pants?
Which card?
Pants with several straps that hook from the ins back pockets
of the opposite pant leg were banned about a month ago.
The school's rest code committee decided
that students shouldn't wear any straps
that could be unsafe, whether made from chain
or fabric set associate,
associate principal Jeff Samson.
I wonder if he's kidding, David Samson.
Hey, David.
You're fairing.
Although the straps haven't cut any injuries
at the school, Samson said they could possibly hook students
onto something or someone
and would be especially dangerous
around shop class equipment.
Like that guy, it was like,
well, I don't want to go into that.
Remember that story?
Yeah, that's that.
I'll show you your ed chick and his friends
at the straps and rip off the pants once caught
and are most, and most are two-eyed off the ground
for others to trip over.
Students had the new prohibition,
his name, the groups who, some label as goth or freak.
They said, teachers have been less
stringent in enforcing the rest code among students
and other groups of wear, skimpy blouses,
t-shirts, brooding, booze, or pants that you'll underwears.
We've all been yelled at or called to the office
and junior Carl Schreiber,
who was totally couldn't wear pants with cuffs
one and a half feet in diameter
because he could conceal a gun and then more trip.
Yeah, they're gonna start measuring it
when you go to school now.
And you're a cuffs too.
What you want and cuffs to come back in?
Samson said about 15,
no, I didn't say that.
I said it's a good fart catcher.
Ah, that's fair.
Samson said about 15 students have agreed
to remove the straps and a handful
were suspended after refusing.
Where's this?
This is in Winona, Minnesota, I see,
as they went on a ride with it.
A alarm over dramatic wicking of the Gulf Stream.
Thank God there's no such thing as a global warming.
Thank the Lord for that.
The guardian rights,
slowing of current by a third in 12 years
could be more extreme weather
and the temperature in Britain like they'd
drop by one degree in the next decade.
Well, it's a good thing that some of us are almost dead.
The powerful ocean current that bathes
Britain and Northern Europe and warm waters
from the tropics has weakened dramatically
in recent years,
a consequence of global warming
that could trigger more severe weather
and cooler summers across the region,
scientists warn today.
Researchers on the scientific expedition
of the Atlantic Ocean measure the strength of the current
between Africa and the East Coast of America
and found that the circulation is slowed by 30%.
30, man.
Since the previous expedition just 12 years ago.
The current which drives the Gulf Stream
delivers the equivalent of a million power stations
worth of energy in Northern Europe.
For a propping up temperatures
by 10 degrees Celsius in some regions,
that's 50 degrees Fahrenheit.
The research has found that the circulation
is weakened by six million tons of water a second.
Is that possible?
I don't know.
That's what it says.
Previous expedition to check the current flow in 57,
81, 92, 4, and a final warning,
minor changes in strength,
although a slowing was picked up
in a further expedition in 98.
The decline prompted the scientists to set up
a 4.8 million pound network of more instruments
in the Atlantic to monitor changes in the current
continuously.
The network should also answer the pressing question
of whether the significant weakening
of the current is your short-term variation
or part of a more devastating long-term slowing
of the flow.
There's nothing worse the way you got a slow flow, man.
And you live in slow flow.
Right.
Especially when you got a weak bladder.
I guess it's good if you got a slow flow,
if you got a weak bladder.
It's bad if you got a heavy flow.
If the current remains as weak as it is,
temperatures in Britain likely drop
on average a 1 degree Celsius in the next decade.
Quinn, Harry, Brian.
Model show that if it shuts down completely 20 years later,
the temperature is 4 to 6 degrees cooler
over the UK and Northwestern Europe,
including Amrstadam.
If it isn't cold enough there in a winter time,
and most of the year by the way,
if it ain't cold enough for you there,
wow, you're going to get frozen to an ice cube
on the damn rack on that damn square.
Although climate records suggest
that the current has ground to a halt in the distant past,
the prospect of a jetting done in
the terribly wintering century are extremely low.
They're feeling mighty rough.
So don't worry about it.
We'll all be dead anyway.
Don't worry about your kids and your grandkids.
No with them.
Just live it up now, right?
Right.
Just like those parents they meant,
well, they just want to quiet baby down.
Okay.
Let's go on with the fifth of Burberry
and Irvanka, whatever it was.
I'm really, I was so distraught when I first saw this story.
I thought, here's, I buy something and I love
and I use it all the time
and now they're going to like, I did a little with it.
My Blackberry, right?
You got one yet?
No.
Well, what about Josh, you got your Blackberry?
I don't.
Well, why not?
We're sluppers.
What kind of an outfit is this?
I think that the station ought to be required
to give all producers all board office Blackberries.
So you can be an instant content,
instant email, instant messaging.
The department has been saying that.
The department has been saying that you are,
that's the least they could do.
Right.
Then all the sales people, all the big shots
get a jaguar.
Or at least the underlings ought to get
like a little Blackberry.
Blackberry maker research in motion limited
was dealt with another legal setback
and a key patent infringement case yesterday
raising pressure to settle or face a possible
shut down of its US mobile email service.
US District, our James Spencer
did not request by research in motion.
I wonder if he's can dispense her.
He did not request by research in motion
to enforce the terms of a disputed $450 million
settlement reached earlier this year
with patent holding company NTP Inc.
Now the judge will set up a hearing
on whether RIM can keep selling or importing
its Blackberry hardware and software in the USA.
I got mine, you had getting it.
RIM stock called it for the news,
tumbled after the opening,
sliding about 7% on NASDAQ in in Toronto way.
RIM said in a statement that it would continue efforts
to get the US Supreme Court to review the case.
The company also reiterated that it's prepared
a software upgrade that can be used
to work around the disputed patents.
Always like that old end around, you know what?
Never works, but always like the internet.
The dispute between RIM and DP goes back for years.
That's what Wilma Verversa said, she liked the end around.
In fact, she used to like,
well, I'm not saying it.
In 2001 NTP filed a suit against RIM,
claiming that the Blackberry and Frames on its patents
in 2002, a jury filed in favor of NTP
in order to the company,
$20,000,000,000 in damages.
In 2003, a district judge increased the damages
to 210 million and issued an injunction against RIM.
It was set aside how we're pending appeal.
Last December, an appeal score
was set up with a district court
and in March, RIM settled with NTP for $450 million.
But during the summer, RIM walked away from that deal
for reasons that have yet to be disclosed.
Maybe they're waiting for the beesleaves to pay their bill.
In this go-around, RIM wanted those terms in force,
so yesterday's ruling was a setback.
RIM reports more than four million Blackberry subscribers
worldwide with the vast majority in the US.
Somebody lose your Blackberry service, the article asks,
the judge could issue an injunction,
but several analysts doubt that RIM will have
to stop selling Blackberries.
Don't you love Blackberries?
Yes, as much as Chuckberries and Strawberries
and Falafelberries.
Oh, and Falafel Balls.
NTP has asked the court to make sure
that any shutdown of the Blackberry
does not affect government customers
or emergency response personnel.
And RIM has said that it would be difficult
to shut down the service selectively,
making it less likely that an injunction
could be enforced in timely fashion.
In other words, we'll all be dead before they
civilists, anyway, see?
That's a good thing about death is that
we'll be dead before all these terrible things happen.
Yeah, good.
Before the sun burns out,
in addition to RIM would likely be interested in settling,
even if it means a bigger payout.
I don't think RIM wants to take it all away
to an injunction, so the likelihood is that they're going
to settle before that happens.
That Kona Chio, an analyst with a research
from conscious capital partners in Montreal.
C-O-N-S-C-I-U-S, conscious?
Okay.
Like Schulos says, they just weren't conscious.
It's estimated a new settlement can cost much.
It's a billion dollars small potatoes, they got that.
NTP, a holding company, not a rifle,
making its own products would also benefit more
from a settlement than from a Blackberry shutdown.
After yesterday's ruling in T.P.
Loura James Wallace said,
we would hope today's developments
would bring the parties back to the table.
In other words, bring a checkbook,
let's go back to the table and give us all you got.
Wherever you got, we'll take it.
And then we'll go away.
And then we'll come back again, say,
hey, that wasn't enough.
We won't know.
We'll be somebody once more.
We want more too.
Let's, tomorrow, don't forget his Friday,
a very jackass in his common morning in the herald.
Then we'll find out if there was any meeting
with Greg Reed this week, if they had enjoyed their sushi,
if Mo was staying, if he's leaving, if he's like,
the baiting, if he's got an offering,
can't refuse, what the deal is.
That's the thing at QAIM.
Nobody tells us nothing, okay?
Except for Doug, who's learned to lie a lot lately.
Just like you're firing that whole deal.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Oh, no, that had nothing to do with it.
That's untrue.
Yeah, they lied and they lied.
And now they lie about the fact that they lie.
Why are these new Roger's?
Miss is...
What do you think of that story?
QAIM.
I'm talking about the chicken here.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey, standby for news.
At school, a boy is told by a classmate
that most adults are hiding at least one dark secret.
And that this makes it very easy to blackmail them
by saying, I know the whole truth,
even when you don't know anything.
The boy decides to go home and try it out.
As he's greeted by his mother at the front door,
he says, I know the whole truth.
His mother quickly hands in twenty dollars
and says, just don't tell your father.
Quite please, the boy waits for his father
to get home from work and greets him with,
I know the whole truth.
The father promptly hands him forty dollars
and says, please don't say a word to your mother.
Very pleased, the boy is on his way to school
the next day when he sees the mailman at his front door.
The boy greets him by saying, I know the whole truth.
The mailman drops the bag, opens his arms and says,
then come give your father a big hug.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
131.
When are you going to hear from your friend Paul Harvey
Jr. again, certainly before the end of the year?
Oh, sure.
He isn't abandoned us.
Wouldn't that be bad if he abandoned us?
Uh, come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I would be surprised if he calls this half hour.
Just to let us know that he's okay.
Hold on.
You want to hear him about him, right?
You read about his physical and mental health.
Nothing mental.
Nothing against that person.
Right.
Never stole a freight train.
To obsessed with Stan, made you though.
Somebody cue away and hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, man.
Hey, I think I thought about that word that you forgot.
Campbell, Jockey and Stan Blank.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
OK, like I said, we need a lot fewer women callers.
Wasn't that great?
Yeah, I am just trying to digest.
What was that?
What was that besides a simple thing?
It was not worth mentioning.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see, I guess he's
tried out to the guys.
The guys we expected he more on's.
OK, when women call, generally they
got just a little, not always, but most
of a little more class, a little more common sense,
a little something, something, you know.
That's why we used to respect women a little bit.
Used to being the operative term, just tragic.
70 QYN, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You have the village on there, correct?
Yes, we do.
OK, can I add some yellow sky to that then?
Oh, yeah.
OK, thank you.
You had a promo of Moe and the Gargler.
You guys still have that one?
Moe and the Gargler?
Yeah, it was a promo.
Don't we call?
Josh, you remember that?
Maybe a day ago, maybe two days ago, you guys played it.
So it was a promo.
It was our answering the phone and it was the Gargler
on the other line.
I'll be there.
I'll check it out.
We'll do it a little more.
We'll do it in the archives.
Anybody have any idea what he's talking about?
No, we don't have that.
That's the promo he wishes we had.
Maybe they got it.
Maybe Creepier, Creepier, Greepier,
Greepier has got it.
That could be.
Well, I sure can assure you about those.
No, hope.
WNQYM, hello.
Not willingly anyway.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
We'll have to use that.
Back people, smell.
OK, good.
Do you have to smell it?
They probably smell you.
WNQYM, hello.
Neil God, the best report from Canada.
Flashback to 2003, when all, with and everyone up
into a frenzy to get to an Occupyraq
and bushes about to make the biggest military mistake
in 2000 years, I wasn't in disbelief
to Phil Henry to show up.
Are you not?
He's at IOD.
Yeah.
I just wanted to know since then, since now it's been told
disaster.
Has the disaster finally come back and apologized?
Of course.
He was wrong.
He'll come up and find out.
What do you call me about what Phil Henry has done?
He's done this.
Call him up and bitch him out.
He won't forget you.
And I won't put you on the ear.
But what am I going to do?
A school Phil Henry.
Once upon a time, we got along and we had a good time
and back in the day and I was just
in the lifetime, they turned into real India.
And he sold the soul to the right wing
because he was on Cheap Channel.
And therefore he's got no respect to mind.
An addition to which long before all of this stuff happened
with Iraq and with Bush, long before that happened
when I came to QAM, all I did was make one slightly
critical thing where I said, I thought Phil was a lot
funnier when he was on IOD.
We enjoyed him a lot more than now that he syndicated.
And boy, that got back to him and you were the thought I said,
boy, he's the ugliest mother's scratcher that ever came down
and that bald head, whatever.
You know, all I did was make a comment that I,
and I think most people agreed with that.
You agreed?
No.
Yeah.
What was that?
I was trying to play the role of God.
No, okay, get rid of that.
Okay.
Yeah.
And so this business, the calling me
and hyperventilating about what Phil said,
well, that's him.
So get pissed off at him, okay?
I mean, we got out of the fish to fry.
He said, we're worried about Phil Henry's
a sellout and a total foamy.
We found out what a foamy he was when IOD
got sold to pass and that's when we found out what
a turncoat and foamy he lied through his teeth to me.
Oh, they didn't show up for that meeting last night.
They didn't show up and come to find out they showed up
and because of that Brian Cox lawsuit against them,
they wanted to keep his ass on the hook
and so they kept him and they sold away
the whole rest of the deal
because passive wouldn't take the station
without me and the dolphins.
And that's the only reason, by the way,
that they kept his ass on the hook is because
that Brian Cox had filed a gigantic massive lawsuit
against him and IOD and they wanted to keep his
paycheck on the hook,
which eventually they wound up paying Brian Cox,
which is really shocking.
Isn't it?
Yeah, but nevertheless.
So Phil Henry and I have gone our separate ways
and it's part of the fact that shortly after we first
came to QAM, one of the first things that I did on here
was raise 20 grand for his charity with his CDs
because he was no longer on here in the market
and he was strictly, that's before he was syndicated.
He was only an KFI and LA and people wanted this CD
and so he made them available.
We raised $20,000 for his LA charity,
which had nothing with anybody in South Florida
was run away kids in LA, which is a good charity.
But did we ever get a thank you for that?
No, all we got was like a stab in the back.
So screw you Phil, okay?
Loser.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Neil.
Yes sir.
What I do is I keep pennies in my car,
make sure that pennies in there.
When I get one, I just put it on the penny
and I throw it out the window.
I call them my booger pennies.
Really?
Yeah, that way, you know.
You know, something pennies are a nuisance
and if the governments of Canada and the US
were smart, they'd stop making pennies,
most people would say that for a long time now.
But if you didn't have that, you wouldn't be able to
where we probably have to do it on a dime.
That's what I have to do.
I'd have to do it under my car.
Your place is bad.
And when you have to do it on a quarter,
then you know.
That's right.
And on the second one, wish me luck.
I'm going to battle a squirrel that's taken refuge in my roof.
Okay, we'll go to Kelly.
Watch out for the squirrels, man.
Someone got rabbi.
Oh, I'm going to go get them.
I'm getting them.
I sure hope it's circumspaired.
Okay, it's a bedtime.
Well, seriously, you know,
the only have here that I've never seen anywhere else
in my life and you're really neat looking.
Although I'm sure they're just as rabbi in the nasty.
I don't know.
Is black squirrels.
Okay.
Do you ever see black squirrels?
Uh, probably.
Do you know what I'm serious?
You know, I'm talking about all kinds of squirrels
up there in the Northwest.
Yeah.
Black squirrels, they're really neat looking things.
But then again, yeah, to me, see,
a bat is a rat with wings and a squirrel.
What is a squirrel?
A rat that can climb a rat with a fluff.
A rat with a fluff.
A rat with a fluff.
With a fluffy tail.
Yeah, well, flopples.
Facts.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
Hey, duck, quit concentrated on the falafel ball.
You're fair.
Idiot.
Well, he's, he's just, he's cracking out of the pressure, you know.
Hey, Greg, I made the schedule out 20 different times.
I did it.
I did it.
Poor duck.
Yeah, we like Duffa lot and she really
comes through in the clutch.
She's the only one that really does anything for us at all.
But other than that, he just, it's, there's a said,
there's a said computer chip there.
Somewhere in the child's mind.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know.
You know exactly what I'm saying.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Yeah, he is.
Why he is?
QAM.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Does Neil?
Sounds like me.
Hey, Neil, let me ask you a question.
Wayne Arnold is a fag.
Well, this thing is getting a lot of use to this,
sorry, you know what?
I thought he said it was going to be a question.
That was a statement, which we already know that.
A five six seven question was going to be later.
Oh, five six seven, oh five sixty,
pound five six and we've arrived in singular wireless line.
I guess this guy probably got tossed out.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's Matt from Boka.
Is this Matt from Boka?
Yes, sir.
I'll be damned.
I just wanted to sort of something on for your pole there.
Yeah, a cheaper creeper.
Is that movie scared the living, everything out of me
and the ending was terrible?
He has creepers?
Yeah, did you see it?
No.
That's a freaky movie, but at the end it ends badly.
It's one of those one horror movies that, you know,
ends badly normally.
There's nothing like a horror movie that ends real bad.
Yeah, and that open water just came out with the two people who went to
Dubai, then, and stranded in the ocean.
That one's got bad ending too.
Okay, thanks, Bobby.
All right.
How about Frankenstein?
That's got a bad ending.
Why?
But because he said it burns, it burns.
That was bad.
Yeah.
Although then, of course, so you can,
let me just say this, we had all those sequels, Frankenstein and
Frankenstein and Frankenstein.
Right.
So how was that possible?
I thought they burned them up.
I thought they like, torched the building.
He was, uh, did they?
No, I'll remember in the, in the first sequel they,
they kind of started with,
wasn't he in Torxontology?
I just want to be loved.
Yeah.
No, I remember like in the son of Frankenstein,
whatever the first sequel was, they start with the whole
fliming window and you see that as everything is crashing down.
Oh, man.
Yeah, he gets out like the floor gives way and he falls
all the way by.
I see.
I see some others.
We suspended our, uh,
suspended the, we believe for the end of the first one.
You just thought.
And so now to say, oh, he got out.
Like, what was happens in the soap operas?
I don't like it.
At the end of the show on Friday,
the heroes are like, on the edge of the cliff and then like,
the car goes over to the cliff.
Like, like, it will be a duel.
Right?
Although he didn't go over the edge, it was, uh,
the truck, the truck went over the edge.
That's such a good movie.
You know, it's Steven Spielberg's,
it's Spielberg's before he became such a legend in his own mind.
That was a really damn good movie.
Duel.
We never, and we never saw the truck driver.
No, am I right?
Right.
Nothing I can remember.
I saw it a hundred years ago.
Goes to show you all you crazy drivers out there.
Don't be doing nothing in a bizarre flip them off.
No truck driver.
Cut them off in traffic because they'll chase your ass down
and kill your ass.
I like the part where you knocked over them snakes.
Yeah.
Remember that it came driving up to that gas station
and knocked down the phone booth and had old lady?
That trailer,
a casual lady.
Oh, don't mess with my stasis yet.
All the mother like that.
It looked kind of like a menagerie.
What is Carol a vernet just turned a hundred?
Crippish and drive coverage.
That's sad.
That's something I guess I got to look forward to.
I can start doing like, uh, skipper Chuck Gospine.
This is Neil Rogers.
All this is 5.60 Q.A.L.
My radio on the other day and got
Uncle Neil program whatever it was.
It is the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life.
If the children were around, it's horrifying.
I'm surprised.
It's a producer.
You let that go on the air.
I've heard other complaints about it even from the,
from the help there.
I wish it rectified that and do something about it.
There's no need to be taking guards,
not in vain and it's,
it's pacifying women.
Well, I don't even need to mention it.
Thank you very much.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe sestons arise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm,
now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my affordable bill.
You big M.A.L.
Remember when we used to post a packet of Caribbean?
Yeah, yeah.
We ought to get a bundle of the dish, baby.
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my affordable bill.
You big M.A.L.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
You profanity like that.
I take somebody to talk.
Get away from my affordable bill.
You big M.A.L.
Get away from my affordable bill.
You big M.A.L.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish car named Eisen.
Get away from my affordable bill.
You big M.A.L.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now
and receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my affordable bill.
You big M.A.L.
And hold Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm.
I will be able to blow it all.
There's stories.
You know, when it's very try to break into the car
instead of those stupid alarms going off there,
nobody ever pays any attention to you know,
they just go on and it goes,
Oh, it's like forever.
147.
Isn't that amazing?
There's one we can still play, huh?
What, the oil sound effects?
No.
That's going.
I think next week because it sounds too much like goi.
But Eisen car alarm.
Sure, nice and clean.
A couple of nuggets from the past.
And that's another reason it's so hard to dig up the good stuff
from the good stuff from the past.
I just got a memo we can no longer say nuggets.
And in fact, maybe tomorrow we'll have a controversial show about nuggets?
No.
About colors from the past.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Oh, when the hell?
Oh, when the hell?
Yeah, if we had a big butterfly net, could we do it some damage, huh?
Okay, how's that pool coming in one for today and then one for tomorrow and then the one for next circus, huh?
Despite their denials, everyone loves to fart 234.
Chokes the old chicken, 210, has sexual fantasies 142.
Picks their nose, 113.
Lies 95.
Noes W stole the two elections in 2000, 2004, 79.
Enjoys Pornos 78.
Listen to Neil Rogers, 53.
Cheats on their taxes 25.
Tickles the old taco 24.
Peas in the shower 19.
Well, I don't understand why you denied that.
No, I don't deny it, but a lot of people do.
Why would anybody deny there's a drain there and there's like water?
That's your own pee.
It's not like, you know, it's already touching you on the inside.
See, I don't get that.
Eats their boogers 18, smokes weed 12, loves garbage TV 12, fears death 10, picks their butt 10, disgusting.
I'm trying to think of somebody like so refined, like, um, can we somebody very dignified?
Dick Clarkson.
Oh, Dick Clark, he's dignified.
Oh, by the way, he's vegetableized.
Yeah, they'll be dead soon.
Somebody else is picking his butt down.
Instead of that ball dropping out in the airs, he this year it's going to be Dick Clark's head.
He's going to be dropping down to you for the time of screwing the airs.
I want that to be great.
Dick Clark's head when Dick Clark is dead.
Hmm.
What do we hate him?
How we turned on him?
Fear is death 10, picks their butt 10, loses their ass gambling six and uses body wash six.
Now, we know that there's still some people are squeezing the old soap and it's just, look, it's a free country to a point.
I mean, at least at the present time, you can still do that.
There are certain things you can still do, although probably not much longer, but nevertheless.
And speaking of the war on terror, now yesterday we found out that we got like, starting tomorrow,
they're going to be relaxing, bring on, what, 14 switchblade knives and they read how to poker in a bunch of,
because there were more we went about suicide bombers.
You can really never have, we've never had any suicide bombers in the US.
We've only had people with box cutters and things like that.
And you can't bring the box cutters, but you can bring like short knives and you can bring like, uh, sharp, really sharp for things.
A samurai sword as long as it's sheathed.
Right. And you can bring them a shetty on that OJ used to kill them and call them Ron.
So now here's part two of this.
Officials at San Jose Airport say air travelers, weary of standing in long lines and security checkpoints.
Soon will be able to buy their way into a high tech express lane as part of the federal government's effort to speed up screaming at the nation's airports.
The cost is likely to be $80 per year for a passenger, the amount charged in a test program at Orlando.
An applicant should be required to submit 10 fingerprints and photos of both eyes and pass a federal security threat assessment.
The payoff, spending a mere 14 seconds at an ID checking kiosk instead of as long as a half an hour in line.
And who don't want to stand online?
The TSA recently announced plans to establish a nationwide registry traveler program by June, but has released no details on Wednesday.
Minute of San Jose International Airport stepped to the front of the line announcing it was ready to launch the program within a month of approval by the security administration.
For San Jose, our business traveler communities, a big part of our passenger base said Marina Renekki, a San Jose airport spokeswoman, we visited Orlando and saw the benefits.
So we can't pass up the chance to do this here to be one of the first airports to the company to offer this.
We just zip you right on through there, right?
Yeah, looks like a math play about through. He paid the 80 bucks.
And of course, if you have a few knives and samurai swords and now that's okay. So have no fear.
We're not worried about knives and sharp objects, no more worried about suicide bombers, aren't we?
Oh, yeah, right. And of course, don't forget Jose Padilla, who's probably going to get sent to Manila with what he said about those Filipinos.
I'm not sure about him. 1151 on the pool. Now for tomorrow's pool, I'll ignore you when I think of science.
Less than zero, vanilla sky, AI, artificial intelligence.
Lords of the Rings, part one, Jacob's ladder.
What is Jacob's ladder all about? Do you see it?
I tried to. Now I already knew what it was all about. I think I saw that Tim Robbins is dead.
So the movie is just a whole bunch of just jointed visions, which are supposed to be like the memories of his life that's what he's thinking while he's dead.
What he's thinking while he's dead? Sure.
Maybe he's on the other side, but yeah, maybe he's on the other side. Maybe he's thinking with his bones.
Not only that it's just a whole bunch of just jointed scenes that had nothing to do with each other. And then at the end, you find out that he's dead.
I see. Once we were over to cook, who's next, we were not happy with poor Jack Nicholson with Mr. McMurphy getting it.
I wish to hold out the nurse and nurse ratchet would have got it. She almost did. That that seemed to me as just I love it.
I just absolutely love it after building the bit of a bit of it. Kind of like it goes to the other side.
And nurse ratchet. She has ring around the neck. He had stopped stuttering after he got laid.
And then he was speaking clear. I'm telling you, but he just brought Vera in there. The whole thing could have been taken care of in a few seconds.
But then when her scratch had started on him again, then he started stuttering again.
Well, we do it and we'll work for you. If Joyce came in, when you have to face the music, man, that's when everybody stutter.
We all stutter when we get in fact, a lot of people go.
Do what I mean? When you have to face the music.
Legend of the fall where Brad Pitt, you know, he has a fishing accident and he dies. Oh, I shouldn't have told you that.
That's sad. Whatever the village. What was the village about?
Oh, I mean, they could have been up. I mean, was that cemetery village? No, I don't do it.
The birds would typically get one when they drive off and the birds are all up there on the phone lines and the power lines.
Like, oh, not looking good. Heat. Oh, the heat. Forget about them. Unbreakable, which according to the color we have.
Daily, unbelievable, also unacceptable and good fellows, which again, a true story, but a very sappy and syrup-y, unacceptable envy.
A bad, easy, and bad rush, crude audience. This is 5-16-Q-A-L.
I like that guy.
How are you doing with F-news to the ball?
A ride.
When you fly six, you would be fed.
It's day-oh!
In Miami, town.
At 5-6-0, WQ-A-L.
Yeah, more having a day than you would have.
What in all this hoop-pile over this rose apart?
Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson?
Sure, rose apart, so it underbust.
But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man and played with balls in a major league of a children's game.
I mean, come on, who's done more for the black community?
Rose apart? Or Jackie Robinson?
Ah!
Jackie Robinson was my hero.
Why I can remember when I was a much younger man.
And Jackie, he was working at the chock full enough.
I walked up to him, shook his hand to the day, and said to the day,
you are my hero.
Now get me a cup of coffee and make it black.
You think Rose had made coffee and had heavily?
No, I would have lived here. What do you want?
I think what you're doing here.
Hey, hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man?
Yes.
Oh, you can't tell a little bit of phone.
Who did more for the black community?
Rose apart? Or Jackie Robinson?
Oh, it's two separate things.
What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activists and men, not that I'm presuming.
Oh, he must have been undisconnected through no fault of my own.
On the anytime, pal, you'll want to hit the high thorns.
What are we having today?
Here we have tell me Jackie Robinson is more for the black.
No, no, that's not what I said to you.
That book had me wrong here.
It goes something like this.
Who did more for the black community?
Rose apart for Nizzi Russell.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
You'll be talking about that.
I'm going to get out of here.
The food they work at right now.
Who says question right?
The food they work at right now.
Who did more?
Rose apart for slappy white.
Oh, yeah.
Who did more?
Who's apart for what?
Who did more?
Who did more?
I'm out here now.
Who did more?
Where is part of the point part?
No, no, that's not what you're doing.
You're doing it.
You're doing it.
I'm putting it to my table.
You're afraid my old towel droid.
Bye, bye, bye.
