Mmm, that smells delicious, honey.
I know, but we're scary.
Funny. Ready for dinner?
No way, mom. That smells heinous.
I can't eat that, Greg.
Is a junkie in your family overly critical of your cooking?
Are you in need of something to bring back his?
Strong out appetite?
Hi, my name's Barb Bichouin,
and I'm here to announce a breakthrough in catching appliances
that'll restore your drug-adicted child's appetite
just in time for Christmas.
Introducing the Crab Pot.
Now, you can cook up those shrooms,
microdots, yellow bees, gorgeous smack-a-at-angel dust
with the Crab Pot.
Honey, ready for dinner?
No way, mom. That smells...
Hey, dude!
Mom!
Meh, that smells righteous.
Thanks, Crab Pot.
The Crab Pot.
The perfect Christmas gifts for the strong out junkie
in your family.
Are they available now at the Bob Marley Paraphing?
Here is the store.
All right, what a perfect spot bit for this radio station,
the Crab Pot.
10.03.560 WQAM, happy Tuesday to you.
No crossover because the hopper's on a way back
from cover nice nights to buckle a ball game.
I didn't watch one second of that.
It'd blow out, or bad, as anybody would know.
Why'd they even bother playing those games?
Somebody might get hurt.
Anyway, George is back today.
Yo, yo.
He's back from the fever and chills
and nagging and aggravation at home.
But now we can get nagging and aggravation to work.
The beast is with us again today who did not get on the scale
at home yesterday.
It wasn't intentional.
What do you mean it wasn't intentional?
In other words, if you would have gotten on it,
it would have been intentional,
but not getting on it wasn't intentional.
You just forgot.
Well, how about today?
Yeah, maybe when I get home, I'll tell you.
How about making a pledge, which you did yesterday
and you're full of Crab, making a pledge?
We don't want to win true.
It's none of our business.
We don't want to embarrass you and find out the number.
Although it would be amusing.
The scale sort of tucked in the corner here.
It's hard to get to.
So I'll pick it up and I'll place it in the middle of the floor.
I promise when I get home,
you know, he won't get on that one yesterday.
We tried everything.
That one that you got there, the doctor's scale that I bought,
he will not get on that thing.
No way.
You could bring in like 15 different musclemen
and he would just flop right off.
Well, it goes up to like 500.
Yeah, well, let's get the meat scale from public.
So I think that's a better one when we're just
picking up with a hook.
But when you get home today, hop on the scale
and then just take a look at it and maybe,
I realize this is very boring,
but I mean, we are trying to save your life, okay?
And I appreciate it.
And I did see Blabbo Lassiter's last entry on his blog.
Thanks a lot, Blice.
I'm probably listening right now
in between playing video poker.
They're playing something like that.
That's what's causing his gut sucks.
Yes.
I think the facts was a setup from somebody in Lakeland
who must evidently know him.
And I don't know whether they were listening sympathy,
but regardless of any of it,
thanks for saving my life
because I got three solid days I've lost
all my cravings for that crap
and I'm not taking it with again.
No, no, for now.
Although suddenly I have to take a gigantic mani bell
for some strain,
oh, I just shut the mic off
because I started real bad.
At least that was only a guess.
You're being that careful, huh?
I'm, that's right.
I'm not really sure what the rule is on there.
Whether it's like a recorded one or a live one,
I think it'll be a foul.
No, I don't think anybody can fault us
if it's a real one.
Oh, I see.
Well, just one.
You know, that's an advantage.
That's an advantage.
For all one through that,
but we won't talk about that.
Then it ain't really well,
it's your buddy for all,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We left off the wall showing his voice today.
Ah, I was going to make rock and a big D
and a big G of baggage.
Anyway, yesterday's,
I can't keep track.
Oh, and also speaking of blah,
when you're, he steals another line of mine.
It's not important to like that you succeed
but that your friends fail.
Friend of mine in college said that to me,
that was like, let's see, 40 or five years ago.
And I've been saying that ever since.
So 45 years I've used that line.
And now he, and that's the ultimate.
The ultimate ripoff is to use it in a little shot at me.
Guess what, blah, blah?
I wasn't the one who turned on anybody else.
You were the guy who showed your gratitude
for my hitting you in the business
by turning on all of us at WSU and nevertheless,
and you have witnesses.
We hope you would die a pleasant death,
but at any rate.
And yesterday, actually, I dug out somebody
old, that's like you were playing this morning.
I didn't know he was dead.
Holy cow.
Stuff like that.
But that's enough with him.
Most of all, although he got a few votes on the pool,
that's good.
We'll get to that today's pool.
Is it today's your tomorrow?
I don't know, I can't keep track.
What's your take on the Marlon's fire sale?
That was yesterday's pool.
Al Franken doesn't have toes.
I'm not sure, you ever hit a call like that yesterday.
Maybe he made me, he ought to start it,
but only be an improvement.
18008 votes on the Marlon's fire sale.
Not a good, not looking too good here, David and Delilah.
I couldn't give a Schmidt last 651.
It's a slap in the face to the real fans.
Absolutely.
367.
Screw the Marlon's 306.
Pack your bags, boys.
You're all done here, 302.
What's that about the bag boys?
No problem.
I'll still support the team, 128.
I'll never go again, 39, and bought season tickets
and want my money back 15.
Keen say no chance, ain't giving you your money back.
In fact, they increased the price of tickets
for this coming season for a little league team.
But 128 people, now we didn't have one of your people,
a Julio guy that called and said he's got a little kid
and well, elderly father.
And he hopes, you know, he'll still go
because he enjoys taking them to the ballgame.
But like I put it out to him,
is that if they put a minor league product out there,
nobody's going to go and they're going to like be gone
in a couple of years.
What's he going to do with that one, little kid?
And maybe by the day he'll be gone.
You know, he'll be watching ball games in the sky.
He'll be watching Baby Ruth and Lou Geary.
Right.
They could go to the girl's soccer league games
that I see all over, you know, as you drive around town.
Yeah, that's something to do.
And the price is right.
Don't cost you nothing.
Yeah, you know, this all falls into a ball there, you know,
whatever.
Yeah.
Now the pull we're doing today, all the pulls all the time,
man, heavy, heavy duty.
And this is when we did a long time ago,
evidently, because Mo wasn't even on the list.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
So it's got to be at least four years since we've done this one.
Other than Neil, my fear, and I started to say before,
the free press out there, you're not fooling anybody.
Don't you think that I look at this thing
and we don't interrupt today?
I mean, you really think that when all of a sudden
these clusters of hundreds of votes come in for somebody
that I'm not aware of it.
Now, ordinarily, I would think that this was our old time
free press.
I used to free the pulls, or maybe it's got a lot of time
on his hands during the holidays.
But no, this seems a little more orchestrated than that.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality
of the last 25 years is Randy Rose has 239 votes.
The only problem with that, Randy, is that about 250
of them are bogus.
Yeah, they all came in like in chunks
most between three and five years to the afternoon.
She was down in the middle of the pack,
like the last time we took this, and now all of a sudden,
they're just pouring in with the votes.
Like we had another fixed election or something,
which it was.
So she's technically on top there, but forget about it.
Phil Henry wins 275.
Maddog did very well.
In fact, it was noice to know his neck and neck
for quite a while, so the creeping started
between Phil and Maddog.
Let's see, oh look at that.
She's got 340 now.
Yeah, continue creeping.
Get Randy a thousand votes before we put the other
pull on for tomorrow.
Phil Henry 276, you made it 217.
Suds and Rick 137.
We put a Suds and Rick because most of the audience
hated Rick and they loved Suds.
So give Suds and do.
He didn't get the money for it, but at least give him
a little credit.
You know, if you're not going to get paid,
in fact, they got 137.
George has got 92.
So he's not getting any money,
but at least he's getting a little credit there.
It's nice.
You can't, you know, I'd wait.
Brother had credit the money.
Yeah.
Everybody said Georgia Black Visa curve
for the holidays with $5,000 credit line.
George 92, the Humphor at 69.
He'll be back tomorrow.
Depot had 38 and Ron and Ron had 38.
I'm almost tempted to play that thing on the ear
that we've always were getting here.
I mean, oh man, at a such a classic Ron and Ron
when they had that big argument about the,
the S was leaving the show and Ronnie B took the headphones off.
And we were like, pretty good.
In fact, the three way tie their Depot, Ron and Ron
and Hermann have a queen 38.
Hermann make me.
Aren't they the same as Rick and Suds?
If it's the Suds and Rick and also the same as Ron and Ron.
And I think also Don and Mike.
Mike, Rinary 38 speaking of Mike, Bob Lanceter 21.
There you go, Bravo.
Paul Castro over 19, which goes to sure that just about anybody
could get votes on this poll.
Ricky Tiki Shaw had 17.
Nice going, Ricky Tiki.
I wonder if he's related to Ricky Tiki Barber.
Till row 16, sunny Fox 15.
Mohawar Davided had 14.
Tide with Eddie Kay 14.
Big Wilson had 12.
So Mohan Ed just as doubt a dead man, Big Head 12.
Greg BDL 9, they still hate you though,
generally speaking, Greg.
Most of the people have voted made a point of putting them
in there.
We're voting for somebody else.
And by the way, Greg, we still hate you like poison.
Greg BDL 9, Craig Worthing 9, Bill Carter 8, Steve
Geltie, Geltstein, Head 7, Stan Major Head 7, who
has a slightly lower voice than Geltie.
Joey Reynolds 7, Alan Burke 7, Rob Young, Head 6, who's
still stuck in a phone booth somewhere in Dave County.
Jerry Wicksner 6, Levi, my phone number is a phone booth.
Are you editing that?
It's a motel, is what he said.
But no, let me tell you this.
And this is the God's honest truth.
Yes, I did not edit the number out.
He didn't leave a number.
He just said, my phone number is a motel.
And then he didn't leave a number.
Well, I guess he ain't got no number no more.
Rob Young 6.
Jerry Wicksner 6, they're probably, Jerry and Roby are probably
confabulating in that big control room in the sky right now
about the great radio days of the past.
Wouldn't you think?
Sure.
Like we're going to have a controversial soda
day about great colors from the past.
Lee Fowler 5, Steve Kane 5, after all of these years,
after like 25 years in a market, five votes.
That's one for every five years.
Nice going, Steve O. Don Cox and Sandy
Peyton for a piece.
In fact, even though he gets Cox in a box now,
nevertheless, he's still more entertaining
at this point than she'll ever be.
Lovely lady.
Dave Capredo 3, Old Captain Dave, Alice
Randall, she only had a pair.
Bill Smith had two.
Bill Tanner had only one.
What?
And Alan Courtney won.
1520 votes.
But it's a pretty impressive.
In fact, the first time we did this poll, we had the 1284.
You OK?
Of course, I'm sure that we didn't start it at 230
to the previous day.
Probably never less.
Huh?
I doubt we did.
I think Joel Feinberg's probably pissed off about that.
And by the way, the beast tells me that last night, all
the local news channels had the 790 people on there
confabulating about Pat Riley coming back to coach the heat
again.
And by the beep, but a beep, but a bit bad.
OJ was on there and Sid Rosenberg and Rosenstein
and all these others.
And of course, don't forget Stugas,
John Old Weenie Weiner, and Dan the Bastard.
And you know what, they're still going to have a cheer.
So you guys can keep trying to pump them up
and pretend that there is a people listening over there.
The fact of matter is that they're not.
1013 at QAM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QAF.
Ron, Ron, radio network.
Computer Jackson, director of the Oscar winning Lord
of the Rings trilogy, an epic adventure that will
overwhelm your senses.
PING PON.
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone calls ping pong.
A back and forth adventure that will keep you guessing.
David Ensign of Newsweek says ping pong will
f*** up your neck and hairy nose.
And David Kuhlman who's asked, what's the score?
No, seriously, does anyone know the score?
On December 14th.
PING.
Home version available.
K-Mart playpong the video game on Atari 2600.
1018 at QAM.
Let's see, look at that schedule.
We've got Moe 2.
It looks fairly pristine to me.
Clean and pristine is the old, sorry queen.
Ed Dog at 4, 4 to 630.
Don't want to overwork him 2.5 hours show.
Because then we've got the Panthers preview baby.
The National Predators, pretty good team.
They've got some McKean's.
They've got never less.
National Predators are the Macaroon take on the Panthers at 780K after the hockey game.
Any interest in that National Panther game?
How about that big Mickey Hagwin trade?
What about it?
They traded Nicholas Hagwin.
And well, I got rid of some dead weight.
They got rid of him, which he's a stiff and Christian Huzzius,
who's also a good Christian, but a stiff.
That's the best kind of Christian as a stiff Christian at any rate.
Nobody cares.
What is it just going to tell you about Randy?
I think that you really ought to check out her website.
Those of you who are not familiar with the Randy, the goddess.
So I just looked at her website and it's pretty barren to be honest with it.
Considering she's on Nationwide on Skier America, which is good.
That's great.
But on her website, she's also got a link there for the power of nightmares.
And you can listen to all three episodes in the audio.
So I have a feeling the beast's guess was probably right.
That probably somebody alerted someone.
I don't want to mention any names.
Somebody probably got alerted the fact that we were taking this poll.
And all of a sudden there for a couple hours yesterday,
there was like all this freeping going on, like maybe an ego trip or something like that.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, if I was in New York working on Skier America and being syndicated all over the country,
it would seem to me I wouldn't need to be ripping off from somebody else's website.
Although, although when people are used to when they're in a habit of ripping off your material,
just like Bloboh, he's on a way out and he's still to put off my lines.
Don't forget, Bob, it's not important that you succeed, but that your friends fail.
In addition to which, since when the hell are you a friend?
It's like Brutus, huh?
Give me a break.
Friend by ass.
Or you're like this speaking of ass.
This is for me, British son.
They were jettying off for a holiday in Kingston, Jamaica, and the drinks floated freely during the 10-hour flight.
In toxicated, the couple who were seated in business class decided to submit their membership for the Mile High Club in one of the turlits.
Rock on.
But the British Airways flight staff became suspicious after hearing cries of passion from the Lou.
Oh, come on.
And the Randy couple, the Randy couple, was ordered to stop and return to their seats.
Randy quickly turned into angry.
Stunt passengers walked in horror as the couple fought with the flight staff.
A passenger told the son they were asked politely to return to their seats but went ballistic.
They were shouting vile abuse and spitting at the staff.
Another said the captain tried to calm them down but they were just as abusive to him.
And despite being restrained with plastic handcuffs, the part of the society had no choice but to divert to 777 Jethra Bermuda.
Well, that's a nice one to the 777.
That's a beauty.
To Bermuda, the couple who were booked on a two-week holiday were held in police and Bermuda and put on a flight back to getwick London yesterday.
Now that they've been arrested and faced with being charged with air raids, they may also burn the $59,000 cost of diverting the plane.
How do you like that? See, crazy people on the plane.
This goes back to the guy that they shot, which yesterday I had the story about he didn't do this and the witness said he didn't do that.
But the fact of the matter is, as one caller said, crazy people on the plane, no way Jose.
There's something like a little ballistic, a little on the road.
They don't want to be on that plane. No, right.
Not for me.
Next for me or as they say in Finland.
I probably want to take a couple of calls here today.
567, welcome George back from 6th day yesterday.
No, you weren't the only one who was sick. I was sick.
Oh, really?
Not physically, just emotionally.
I'm sure.
Well, the beast between you get the beast and the Miguel together.
And the beast says Miguel's got a big fat ego. How do you like that?
Beast may be big and fat physically, but he said Miguel's got a big ego.
It comes in her wants to be like the king and the queen of the whatever.
I think that's a cop out excuse.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, that's just an excuse for the fact you had no material.
You don't want to get on the scale. That's all.
You've seen Miguel this morning.
You're not going to be anybody.
I never really viewed him in that light.
I never considered him to be intimidating.
Well, he's got a very passionate office.
He is a Miss Contrarian. There's no question about that.
Here's our one.
And there won't be anybody on it.
Because maybe there will be QIM. Hello.
Tukki. You won't see him, no more.
Who?
Tukki.
Oh, Tukki. Tukki. I thought he said, oh, Tukki.
I don't know who cares.
Yeah.
I just said it a little while ago.
Anybody know who that is or care?
Oh, of course not.
And it took them 12 minutes to stick to the end of it.
They were in a big deal.
NNB. NNB. NNB.
VTK.
Burger King or Kiel.
You tall, where the hell I was.
None of us ever heard of it.
But the networks, oh my god, they captured a VTK.
Kiel or M.
And the beast said, hold the list and just a little mayo on the side.
May I ask for a go by the way?
That'll be kind of the VTK.
WQAM. Hello.
Yeah, it's Dr. Niel.
Speaking.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I had to call you.
I heard the interview of the lady that was on the plane last week with the shooting.
At the end of the interview, she said, God is good.
And there were angels on the plane.
Well, isn't that great?
I thought that played an anihime.
I didn't know there was a lot to say.
I hope they got back to Anihime safely.
Thank you, Mayor Blatt.
Thank you.
There were angels on the plane.
Oh, God is good.
That's why all these people get killed all the time.
All these innocent people had these tragedies because God is good.
And all these diseases and all these horrible things.
Listen, anybody who believes in any of this stuff, you need to be Baker-active.
You need to be put away.
You just like the beast needs to be Baker-active before you explode.
The beast wants to be shaken Baker-active.
We had a call yesterday while you were out sick or caller from somebody that obviously a canes fan
who saw the beast at a ballgame.
And he said that he is definitely going to explode.
One of these days, he's just going to blow up like Mr. Creoshoek.
Right.
Exactly.
So we're trying to get you the message.
We're trying to keep you alive.
But the fact of the matter is you probably have a death wish.
And the fact that you've got such a doding, nagging couple of parents who are like loaded with cash.
And daddy's got a real bad wheel of fortune gambling problems.
And actually, sonny's better at having it.
I think what you need is like a year vacation from your parents.
Take your nice bride to be and go off somewhere.
And just take a year or a sabbatical somewhere.
And I've read you after a year, you'd like number one, lose a lot of weight.
Number two, you'd stay alive.
Should go to Africa.
But that would be broke.
Go ahead.
Well, that's okay.
See, you're just spoiled.
You're just spoiled rotten.
That's a problem with you.
That's a Jew thing.
That would be it.
What do you think?
WDQYM, hello.
I'm for Alexa.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
What do you got?
Hey, George, does it sound too sick today?
Are you sure he was really sick yesterday?
No, I just...
Let me ask you this.
You're writing a book?
Yeah.
Ah!
Ah!
Fight.
Well, he's full yesterday and today.
I think this is the week that was, man.
I think the holidays, they're all all veiled out now.
I could be wrong about that.
But I think between now and the end of the year,
it's going to be pretty slim and grim, which is a very strong vote for playing like all a bit so rest of the year.
Hey.
Huh?
They'll take my idea.
Let's see, Randy, all of a sudden, is stuck at 345.
Everybody else is getting a lot of votes.
Maybe her old audience is voted on there now, but I don't see much happening there.
Everybody else is going up a bunch.
In fact, we got 15...
1560.
That was WTPS and Kalamazoo Michigan.
And Portage Michigan, to be exact.
And Kalamazoozu, WTPS.
Those were the days, baby.
68, 69.
Where they were.
They were.
Trust me.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
You have to help him out.
He sounds like he's going to pass out when he does the update for Hank.
WQAM, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
That's why K-Mart, now George, the new picture of the game.
Great, I'll play.
OK, I guess there's...
We got two different shows going.
We got the Nail Roger show that we have a show about George.
You notice that?
I never realized that, but it's...
Like I said, it's a show within a show.
It's such a...
It's not a man, it's a show within a show.
It's a little...
It's a little...
It's a little...
Like a microwave oven.
Oh, God.
Well, listen, feel better if I go...
I'll blob over to be an image.
He'll burn.
Or now, this is the case, maybe.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
What you got in the meetings?
No, that's my rule, I won't.
That's true.
That's the rule for me.
You're in radio?
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to know you.
You're in the business.
I don't want to know you.
I lose my number.
Now, how do you really feel?
The business has been meaning to you over the years.
So you haven't taken enough out of it.
The business has been so good to me.
I thank you.
And now I can go away in peace very, very, very soon.
Goodbye.
I think we just signed off.
No, no, no, no.
Just me, just me signing off.
How's the crib?
How's it down south crib?
Nice?
Yes, great.
It's great.
I love the hood.
You know, I'm just trying to get in, you know, my wife is here in these rumors about you, leave them.
Why did we buy a new house?
I don't know, honey.
You didn't tell me until after we already put the mortgage down.
I told you before the mortgage, you went to print.
No, you didn't.
Yes, I did.
I remember talking to you about this.
You never talked to me.
I heard from someone else.
I know. I talked to you in the middle of November.
We all sat down in the middle of November.
And you were in the middle of a deal.
You didn't do the dealing in it.
Did another deal.
You told me that.
I just said I didn't, man.
You told me that.
You told me that in November, man.
You did.
We never talked in November.
We did talk in November.
We sat in the hotel room in November and talked.
What hotel room?
That hotel lobby.
And then we went up to the room in Tampa.
That hotel room.
Remember, we had lunch and then we went up to the room.
By that time, I already had my place, man.
Now, by that time, you didn't have your place.
I didn't talk to you.
I talked to the people that you had told me.
No, we all talked.
We all sat up there and talked together.
We did.
We had a meeting.
We all sat down, talked.
And then you and I and two other individuals
from the company sat down and had a meeting in the hotel room.
And that's how I went down.
That's what happened.
And that was before Thanksgiving.
And here we are, January 6th.
Are we going to have a conversation or what?
Are we done?
Should I walk away now?
You're going to do whatever you want to do, man.
I am.
I have done whatever I want to do.
But should I walk away now?
Would it be easier?
I don't want to make this thing difficult.
No, this thing is all about you anyway.
It's not all about me.
It's about this show continuing.
It's not all about me.
It's not all about me.
It's about I'm moving on.
And we're making this an easy transition.
Oh, let's make it then.
We are not going to ask me about how everything's going.
I asked you about the crib.
I'm going on.
Okay, I asked you about the crib.
That's all.
It's great, Bernie.
Man, I'll just leave now.
If it's easier that way, I will.
It's not easier that way.
Well, then why are you saying what you're doing?
I'm not doing anything.
Let's go on.
Let's act like everything's happy.
Let's act like what I was doing.
And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them.
Don't play.
I'm not playing.
I'm not playing at all, man.
I'm being totally honest with you.
And I have been.
Yeah.
What do you mean, yeah?
I'm glad.
I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down.
It's all happy to me.
It's all happy to me.
I know it is.
It's time for me to move on.
That's all.
All right, so let's change the subject.
I didn't bring it up, man.
I'm just going to the conversation.
Wait, then you just stop talking to me.
You know, one of the highlights of that bit, and it's not a bit.
I mean, it's like an actual, I think,
that one of the run-to-run.
That's right.
We're falling out there.
But one of the highlights for me is the headphones squeaking when
Bennington's getting ready to put them back on over there.
Right.
The mess that you call here.
I tell you to the trial.
I tell you something, boy.
To hear that show, what you liked to do not was whatever it was.
But to see it, that was, it should have been a television show.
It was a whole whole.
I never saw guys who dressed up for a radio show before, especially Ronnie B.
with the dreadlocks and a whole thing, and then they had those nasty,
skanky strippers that were coming to the movies.
With the pillow pieces on their faces.
Oh, oh.
That's what they had to see.
What was that all about?
Strippers don't do well in the morning.
Well, they were doing somebody.
Well, a lot.
In the hallways there.
But of course, it was buddy by the passion.
It was a man of God who owned the station.
So, actually, there was no hanky, panky going on.
Even though, of course, he's married to an ex-spirter, but nevertheless,
there seems to be a lot of that going on, isn't there?
Guys married to ex-spirters.
Where's that?
Nevertheless, I don't think we're going to have any calls this week at all.
So it's a good thing I'm going to be on vacation next week.
I'm sure you'll be inundated with call.
Do you want me to be here for you, by the way?
5.670560.
It's interesting how Randy's votes have basically been stalled almost to nothing since the
free-ping.
I mean, since the tremendous outpouring of emotion for her started, we're going on 1600 votes.
I think we got a shot at what?
1800 again today?
Okay.
19.
Let's go for 19.
We did 18 yesterday.
2000.
No, yeah.
All day, yes, they say in 2000.
And that was his weight he was talking about.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio.
And we left David Goldoff here.
Remember David Gold?
No.
No.
He was on for about five minutes on the old GBS when they went talk.
Well, you know, those were the days, man.
As much as I can't stand talk show groupies.
And what we used to have is colors.
The chronic colors, they call one show.
And then they call on.
Did you hear what they just said about you and the Ellen Perks Show?
And then they would like make the rounds.
You know, the same voice.
Right?
Unbelievable.
Anyway, other than the, in my favorite local radio personality or show of the last 25 years,
South Florida person is Randy Rhodes 349 of which 250 are bogus votes at least.
Maybe more.
Phil Henry 293, Jim Manage 231, Sudson Rick 146.
George Rodriguez 98.
See, I think if you took away her freak votes, you and Randy would be battling it out for fourth.
If you honest total around it.
I don't think the same people are voting for us.
What do you mean by that?
Like those three persons?
How many people would they?
How many people would they think of them?
Yeah, they wouldn't been voting for me anyway.
No, no, you don't understand that.
I'm not, no, I'm just saying if you deduct them, I'm not saying they would have voted for anybody else.
They're just, they're not real votes.
They're just bogus.
I get you.
Uh, George 98, Hank 78th, a Humber.
Ron and Ron 43, DeFo's got 40.
Old me foe.
Maybe I ought to get DeFo on the line of somewhere like 5 to 7 in the morning would be good.
Promenade McBean 39, Micronary 38, 36.
You know, the interesting thing about Reneerie, I mean, we got a lot of real great.
We had a lot of fun and I would do, but I got to respect him and like him more after we left there.
I don't know about you.
Then when you were working there.
Okay.
Right.
Why?
Well, no, just because he was one of those people he called us on the air.
He was right.
He went out of his way to be friendly.
I mean, he could have just ignored us or whatever, but he was a real friend.
He was a good guy.
Never had a problem with Mike.
He was misunderstood, I think, because he had that bottle all the time, but he's a good guy.
It looked him a lot.
Bob Lasseter 24, now on the other hand.
Now, wouldn't that be bad?
See, now I put myself in a bad position because if I say anything, it said, well, the guy is dying of diabetes and he's going blind.
And that is food-appetated.
And he's over there probably listening right now on the internet.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, guess what?
You know what they say about what comes round?
What comes round?
What is it?
It looks like the beast that will give you an idea what I'm talking about.
Who comes round?
Who comes round?
Yeah, like a like a like a schmoo.
He went round long time ago.
Like the schmoo.
Or like I said yesterday, like Rover in the privilege or all of it.
Neither one of the nerds yesterday had any idea what it was talking about.
So that's the thing when you do on this show and you got like Miguel and the beast together.
And neither one of them has got any idea of anything that happened before like five minutes ago.
So forget it.
But no, seriously, unless it happened in the last two years, they don't know what I'm talking about.
And with Miguel, unless it happened in the last two years in Cuba, he doesn't know what I'm talking about.
Bob Lasseter 24, casted him over 22.
He's right on Blahbo's butt.
Mojaro David had his time with Rick Shaw 17.
I think what they think, Ricky Tiki will own more of that cast anywhere.
That would be cute.
I love to see that.
I'm sure he's got an extra.
That would be a nice photo op.
Jero 16, sunny fox 15.
Now remember the auditions on Ron and Ron after Diaz built out?
If I lived to be a thousand, I would never forget.
There was a one guy on there which I have no idea what his name was.
There was making a front of his kid because his kid was dyslexic or something.
Billy, that was Billy.
That was Billy.
Right.
And then of course, sunny fox audition on there.
And Ron was there.
And he was, this is in coherent then as he was anywhere else.
And Kaplan 14, big Wilson 12.
Little big.
Greg B. L9.
Craig Worthing 9, Joy Reynolds 9, Bill Carter 9, Steve Cain 8.
Oh, Steve goes all the way up to 8.
You're doing it, baby.
Alan Burke 8, Steve Goldstein 7, Stan Major 7.
How's my money coming Stanley?
Roba Young 6, Jerry Wichner 6, Lee Fowler 5, Dave Capita 4, Dom Cox 4.
Now there's another misunderstood guy.
He was, he was a good guy in his own bizarre off the wall way.
That Robert Todd.
He meant well.
You know what I mean?
He was a good guy.
A lot of fun.
But you guess what, Beast?
You don't know why he died.
So prematurely at a very early age.
Who's?
No.
Other substances?
Come on.
You can say it.
Ph. A. T.
Who's fighting?
Sandy Peyton for Alrant.
See, does he want to say the word?
He's just in total denial.
We give up on you.
I officially give up on you right now.
I'm sick and tired.
We went through the whole thing with balance for life and the bobbin canoesion, all that delicious stuff in the sack.
And you're just, you know, to tell you, go ahead.
Healthy.
Listen.
Neil God.
Helps those who help themselves.
Now what it says in the good book, that's right.
Neil God helps those who help themselves.
And it couldn't bear to waste my time on you.
Sandy Peyton for Alusarantel 2 Bill Smith 2 Bill Tanner 1 and Alan Courtney 1.
Baaah, what do you want?
16, head, redine votes on the pool.
We got to shot it.
Let's go for 2000 today, huh?
Let's go for 2000 calls.
Let's go for 2000 votes on the pool.
And let's go for the beast when he gets on the scarlet home this afternoon for 2000.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
That's you.
Tonight on 2020.
Howard, you're going to satellite.
Yes, I'm uncensored.
I hear you're exploring the sexuality of zoo animals.
I look forward to exploring that.
But you're really taking it a little bit too far.
You could choose to look at it that way.
I don't.
Dude, on your first show, you're going to get kinds you go with the kangaroo.
I will.
This is a new frontier.
That sounds dangerous.
Dangerous, man.
You could get bird flu or kangaroo flu.
I'm about being funny.
So how does a guy get romantic with a kangaroo anyhow?
He does.
You've got to find out.
Yes.
Tonight on 2020.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, Howard just had a tremendous VM.
It's 10.45 at 5.60 WQAM.
And I'm looking back at the original time we took this poll,
which I have no idea what the date was.
It's not important.
But the same thing about favorite talk show host local.
And Phil hungry at 352.
He was number one.
A mad dog 175 was two.
Sudson Rick had 119 and they were third.
Randy had 81.
It was fourth and Hank had 67.
And he was fifth.
There was no Georgia in that poll for whatever reason we didn't put you on there.
I didn't qualify.
No Greg Bidow on there, which and of course there was no mole.
No mole, which makes a big difference.
What's he doing?
Moves you got about 14, 15 votes.
It's not too shabby.
And we actually was an oversight.
We didn't get him on there right away immediately.
But I made sure that Eric before Eric got a call at home.
I made sure that he added that on there was just an oversight.
It wasn't intentional.
Believe you me.
And people have had plenty of time to cast their votes.
And Moves all the way up to 17.
He's read our Rick Shaw's ass.
He's only one behind.
Bad news and employee of the Comedy Central program, the Daily Show with John Stewart,
has committed suicide.
He probably read Bob's blog.
Leading the network to suspend production of Monday Night's episode of the program,
I'm supposed to be confirmed.
Bill Cleary, 25.
Only if he was kind to Robert Cleary.
Remember a little Robert Cleary to Frenchman?
I do.
From Hogan's Heroes.
Yeah.
And from the gaze of our lives.
Robert Cleary, a little Frenchman.
Do you know he was Jewish?
Jewish Frenchman?
And a Holocaust survivor.
Really?
Yes.
Well, you sure know you're Robert Cleary, trivia mister.
I guarantee you the beast doesn't even know who the hell that is.
I'll ask him when he comes back in the room.
Where is he now eating or taking him to the dining room?
I can't wait.
He's getting the food that you just showed up.
I don't want anything to do with this episode.
Okay, I just...
Remember that.
Count me out by Gary Lewis and the Playboys.
That's my new favorite song.
Count me out.
I'm having a little chicken salad.
I don't know what he ordered.
I don't have it.
I want a full report on whatever he's shoving down his face.
You know, this is disgusting.
The one thing I will say yesterday that Miguel did have some food.
He allegedly didn't eat fatso.
I'm sure if he would have Miguel would have gone...
Oh, you know how that goes.
My two fat friends never ate either when you were looking at him.
Yeah.
Oh, but he's going to be eating now, guaranteed.
But as soon as you turn your back, boy...
Bill Clary, 25, took his own life over the weekend
according to the network.
A former daily show intern.
Clary also worked as a receptionist of the aquarium's offices in New York.
A lot of dead receptionists now, you know?
Bill Clary, a young staff member of the Daily Show with John,
stood past away over the weekend.
He was a wonderful and dedicated employee in all of us
that Comedy Central and the Daily Show are devastated by his laws
and never said the statement.
Our hearts and prayers were out to his family and friends.
Comedy Central has sent grief counselors
to the Daily Show to send to help his employees,
sources said, well, first learned these,
who was sad about coming to work on Monday.
Grief counselors.
I don't know what that's all about.
I can understand grief counselors feel like little kids at a school
when they're like, you know, shooting or some kid dies.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
But adults really need grief counselors?
Yeah.
They do.
Some people do, yeah?
The network was scheduled to shoot a week's worth of new episodes
before shutting down for the final two weeks of the year.
The network for the Daily Show repeat instead of the regular scheduled episode.
That was yesterday again.
So there you go.
People always dying all over the place and we're worried about some slime ball
if they stuck a needle into a California yesterday.
Toki.
Toki.
Toki.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, they're wondering if he was ready to do key house there.
W maybe he did a dookie style.
Q, A, M, Hello.
I'm Neil.
I believe Reverend Jones.
OK, good.
W, Q, A, M, Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, pal.
I just one quick, a couple quick things.
The first, my daughter really benefited from a grief counselor.
So yes, adults can't benefit from them.
OK.
And Neil stay on the beach.
And I know it.
There's plenty of room there for you.
I don't want to be on the beach.
If you bloody on the beach.
I just stay on the beach.
No.
I'm a big hurricane fan.
I see him on the sideline.
Neil.
He says tall.
He says wide rather as he is tall.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah, three feet.
That's exactly right.
I like you.
Good luck to him, pal.
OK.
56705, 60, 05, 60.
Very lean in mean on a call.
He knew what.
He'd make a Lexlid, like hockey goli.
The beast.
He wouldn't have to move it all.
Yeah, he knew he covers up the whole net.
In fact, I think there are a lot of guys.
In fact, Mo would love to be the one to shoot in the puck set.
I think he'd go for that.
Now do you ever return with the food now?
Yeah.
And I don't know what he ordered for himself.
We haven't gotten that.
You ordered food for yourself.
This is what we're hearing.
No, no.
I don't know what he ordered for himself.
No, that's what I'm saying.
I'm talking to him.
Oh, he ran back out of the room for some reason.
All right.
Here we go.
He worried.
He wants to know what you ordered.
Well, that's good exercise.
I guess that's probably the most exercise he gets is when he wants to go pick up the food order.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes.
I love Mr. B.
Good.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, good morning, you.
When is this?
I have a little, my brother, I have a worst case in the beast.
My brother is five-nine, weighs about three-seven-five.
Jesus.
He smokes about two, three-five, a cigarette a day.
I'm dying on the hands.
Yeah.
He'll drink a case of beer like nothing.
High blood pressure, diabetes, diabetes, diabetes.
How old is he?
50.
I'll hell never make it to 55.
He said he wanted a diabetes class to learn how to eat properly.
But after two classes, he said, he said, screwed out on me, whatever, on me.
And there he has it.
How long will he live?
I'd start making the arrangements right now if I were you.
Yeah, 55, right?
No, I wouldn't plan that far ahead.
Yeah.
Good luck, Julie.
Hey, Julie.
Is he worse off than the beast?
Well, five, four, and three-hundred is, I would say, about him the same part.
Maybe we can get a package deal.
See, where's the scenario when we need him?
You know, they had package deals.
Remember those?
Yeah.
567.
Maybe we got a package funeral deal for all the fat people in denial.
You know, like I said yesterday, I don't want to keep drawing on this fat thing,
but the fact that he ordered food in there, is he in there now or what?
Yeah, I'm right here.
Well, what do you got?
I have a turkey sandwich on a wheat.
Plain, just put it in here.
What I'm talking about the bread.
I will take the bread off.
But you got to get it in something.
You're not taking the bread off.
What?
You're not taking the bread off.
Why?
I'm starting to get a little crusty back there.
You're not taking the bread off?
Is he taking the bread off?
I don't know.
I want you to monitor him.
Ernie, Ernie, Brat, take this.
I'm going to go through the bread.
Ernie, Brat, you take risk of the fat police.
Look, you know as well as I do.
It doesn't matter what he does here with this around you.
He'll make up for it.
He'll throw it for us.
And after he leaves, he'll probably go out and get like two gigantic hogies
with the big loaves of bread.
You know, like the real big crispy loaves of bread.
Right.
He'll make a sandwich with waffles.
I would just love.
You know, this crap about his doctor says he's got good genes
and his blood sugar is just fine.
I think your doctor is making like the aflac duct kind of,
those kind of sounds.
I would love just love just once.
He can't even get him to get way, but can't imagine getting him
to take his blood sugar.
Just once.
If your blood sugar isn't at least 400, my name is Macy Pupik, okay?
It's going to have to get those extra long needles though.
That we've been reading about.
I like the one they shoved in Tukki last night.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I hear the reason why the beast is on the sidelines during the Kane's game
is in case their first down Shane Breaks they can use this well.
They can tie a stick to each end of his throat using forearm.
And excellent point.
I know I should charge, too.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
There you go.
See, anybody who says you're useless, there's something for you.
You're good for that.
Somebody QAM fat line, hello.
Morning.
What happened to Pharrell on that list?
Oh, for Christ's sake, you're right.
My point, exactly.
No, but what do you mean you're point?
How come you didn't want to tell me that before to show you fat slob?
I said it to George.
Oh, thanks.
Thanks for the memories.
Thanks, Pally.
Thank you.
He'll be up there.
Scott Pharrell, what's wrong with us?
How does side out of mine?
That's my bad.
Well, no, he wasn't on the original list and I tried to think of people like George was non-originalist
in the Greg Bedell and then of course the Mole Meister.
Right?
Right.
But how could we forget I said I'm on their del.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his tooth back.
I'll take your children, I'll sell them to some nations.
No, we're going to have to do this over.
What do you mean by that?
The whole poll, you know, it's just not valid now.
You know something that's a good idea, although I think Eric might have, how do we do that?
He just told him to reset it.
He presses a button and really?
I don't know if Eric's listening or not.
Let's reset it and we'll add Scott Pharrell and then of course all those bogus randy votes on this sphere.
And let's do it again like the Meach Boys would say an excellent idea.
Because Pharrell is going to get, he might actually challenge Pharrell there on top, you know.
He might.
Although Pharrell never did lose the license or come close to it, but you know.
Pharrell was a lot of fun, he was like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you full of crap, blah.
And the thing about him is there was no phoniness there.
What you heard on the air was exactly, that was him.
That's, that nobody could believe that.
That at first of all, anybody could talk like that without just totally tearing up their vocal chords.
And number two, that anybody was that out of his mind, but then again.
He had a lot of help from his friends.
So we're going to do that.
We're going to do it in favor of you being with Eric there.
Let's do it.
So let's see, let's take a look at this we had.
Now let's, I'm going to print out this one before it disappears.
Yeah, hurry forward.
Forward, man.
Well, no, I'm going to be kind of interesting.
In fact, I think you just set the stage for a whole new deal with polls.
You know, how tough it is to come up with a new poll idea.
Right.
What we'll do is we'll do a different poll every day and then we'll say, oh, well, wait a minute.
We left a couple off.
Let's do it again for tomorrow.
Two over.
Let's start it all over again.
I make over.
Take them all again.
By the way, all the Randy Freepers better get on the horn.
Yeah, you better get a hold of Randy and our Freepers.
Deepers, creepers, better alert the Freepers.
Otherwise, she's going to be like a fallen on a hard time here.
I wonder how Jim is on.
Huh?
Anybody seen her lately?
That was Randy's ex.
They are divorced official now, right?
You're asking me?
Oh, this is...
Hi.
Yeah.
I really used to hang out in the Jim lot.
I heard a lot of guys used to hang out in the Jim lot.
Anyway, so we'll reset it and redo it.
This is exciting, man.
Oh, you're like born again now.
This is Neil Rogers.
So go go go.
This is 516-2-A-M.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Relax, solid.
Any questions?
Hey, Barrett.
By the way, son.
I've been given it some thoughts.
I've seen you there.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better.
Go in 6 to 10 and not in 5.
A Gentile in the cranky jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Steps on to sight.
No chance of choice, so we go.
I'd rather die with the crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big puppy Jew.
A Brooklyn high.
I've been raped by everybody but you.
You're not my type.
Me and all this crap would blow.
No way that if we had a fight.
That you'll survive.
We'll find a hero a Gentile.
And pushing time, that's crappy together.
Ah, ah!
Go in, go in, go in, go.
Go in, go in, go.
Go in, go in, go.
Go in, go in, go.
Go in, go in, go in, go.
Go in, go and, go.
Go in, go in, go.
not five it's only right that I should get more sleep at night I think we might be happy
take it
you must rest well
as these things get dangerous
what's wrong with you?
what can you be better?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
what's wrong with you?
11.03 a.k.a. I'm speaking of
don't forget Panthers Hockey tonight
National Predators in town pretty damn good team this season
any interest? no
so we're going to add some names to the list now that we got it re-abooted here
and look at George's in first place
wow
so far that won't last long
we're going to add the jury Williams
are you doing these?
we doing these
oh
Norma Kent
otherwise I'm going to hostile email
I'm sure eventually if we don't
if we're going to do this in the background
apparently and I didn't what?
excuse me, you ignorant
so that Jerry with a G or a J
you don't know Jerry Williams?
he's dead by the way
I told you that's true about how I give him a heart attack
what do you want?
no that's the wrong Jerry
that's Bruce Williams
oh sorry I had my Williams list
Norma Kent
hey Norma
you fairy
Joyce Kaufman
oh she was so Jewish
Joyce Kaufman
she was so wonderful I think she's still last somewhere
I think you can pick her up on your pop-up toaster on the weekends
and Larry Kent, not related to Norma Kent
Larry Kent
in fact Larry Kent, there's another example for the beast
there was a big big
I mean he was not only fat but he was tall
I said Larry was about like 6364
and just enormous
if he did away 400 pounds he didn't way announced
hey humongous beast
by the way what's the line in that spot
we're running for King Kong about capture the beast
I think that's what we need to do
that should be our theme for the rest of the year
which lasts the 17 days of the year
18 whatever it is
capture the beast and throw his fat ass on the scale
tie him down and throw his fat ass on that dog
and then he'll throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
and then throw his fat ass on that dog
which is worth ¥50,000
38,500,000
42 ,701,000
42,500,000
익,and two,000,000,000
42,000,000,000,000, trek,ЕТO
Yes, I bought Alan Courtney.
He's on air.
Thank you, sir.
He had Alan Courtney had two votes out of almost 17 under the head, two votes.
Alan Courtney, much too old, long ago.
In fact, Alan did me a big favor.
I never met the man.
He did me a tremendous favor.
He got definitely ill when I started doing nights in WNWS, and he never came back on
here again.
Thank you, Alan.
Up there at that big microphone in the sky.
When that nice favor, he ruled the night times.
He had that, that was back in the day on AM Radio, when I'd time you could have really
big numbers like some of us did.
I mean, double digit numbers like 10 and 12 and 15 shares.
I remember one book overnight, Jerry Wittinger had like a 30, about a 30 man.
Not 30, man.
He sure, which is really scary when, if you ever heard that show, how those sandwiches come
and Jerry?
I wonder how his, I wonder if he will, the comedian hairpiece to anybody that would change color
depending on the mood he was in, how redneck he was on that given day.
No, but if you weigh him, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm just driving around, you know.
We do Windows down here.
Listen, you have a faith that goes, um, tata tata, gay, hey, hey, look at my gay man.
I just, I just like to show that I'm okay.
Listen, you gay, but, uh, you like that way?
You don't want to go, gay.
Gay, and you got to go, to go, to go, to go, gay.
That was good.
Oh, man, right there.
That's, and we just took the temperature of South Florida.
We put that big thermometer into South Florida's, that go, there is the result.
Wow.
That was good.
I don't see Randy Sreeper's hard to work yet.
We'll see.
We'll see if the, uh, if the old grapevine gets going on that better call somebody, get him
going on it for outside from first place.
In fact, it's the three way, with, uh, well, it's early, early going.
I'm so glad the guy called in because I went in the course of the beast.
Like, I told you, you can't get anything out of him.
What good is it for you to tell George?
Why can't you tell me?
We were trying to tell you, but you were talking over us like you do.
So we just didn't want to keep trying it.
What are you talking about?
I think I didn't try to mention it to you and you were talking into and hear me in
whatever.
I see.
Well, maybe I was trying not to hear you or maybe you had your face stuffed with the food
at the time.
I couldn't understand where the, the marshmallow.
That's a distinct possibility.
Duff says the last call should be a promo.
Dominic Q.A.
Am hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good, Pally.
Let's see if you can tap the last guy.
I doubted that it was pretty spectacular.
Uh, uh, I want to talk with you about the whole body wash issue.
I don't use soap, but I'm a good, greasy, spik and the problem I have with body wash,
my wife, my kids use it is I mean, I need something more kind of time to get those
not to smell drop of me and that's why I wash it with a little bit, you know, too creamy,
too soft.
Uh, what I actually use is, uh, uh, the Dr. Vaughner's, uh, performance soap, the peppermint
uh, hemp soap they make it now.
It's a liquid thing.
It's just light.
It's a lot like body wash, but it will scrape the crud off of you.
Okay.
That would be surprised pretty soon.
You'll be doing the peppermint twist.
There you go.
Hey, the red bad thing added bonus is the, the special finger on your five.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Tyler.
Just keep, uh, rubbing it.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, you look at that.
We're starting to get this starting to feel a little bit now.
Farrell is right up there.
I told you.
See, that guy is right.
I try to tell you guys, Farrell, what's wrong with him?
See, George, I'm liking because he wouldn't share his drugs.
He wouldn't?
Whatever happened to the, uh, I don't want to say it.
Okay.
Because his daddy is a big shot and highly.
I saw him on the set.
Uh, you know what I'm talking about.
W-y-y-m, hello.
Q-a-m.
Dan Major is pal.
Dan Major is on there.
How does Sandu on the first one there?
Did he do really well?
No, not really.
Stan Major.
Uh, I think that was Don Johnson.
When it sounded like Don.
Stan had eight.
He was tied with Steve Kane and Alan Burke.
Well, I tell you, Mr. Ego, sure fall.
And the first time we did this one, however many years ago, Mr. Ego had the 23 votes and
it only ate in our first, uh, maybe this time we'll do a lot better.
Maybe this time the world will get around.
You think?
Probably not.
Maybe that fat, the lawyer got it sits in there and shoves food and who makes it the beast
by the way, looks like a skinny atlas.
What's his name?
Richard Essen?
You know what Essen means in the English?
No.
Essen, Meggay and Essen eating.
So, he's living up to his own name.
Richard Essen.
Fat.
W-y-y-m, hello.
Q-a-m.
Hello, Neil.
Eighth, one is about it.
Okay.
Uh, just wanted to tell you, I, uh, I go to Maine every summer and I drive into New York.
I was, I was going through about two o'clock in the afternoon and won't be holding his voice
that I hear, but Ron Bennington and Feds.
Wow.
Yeah, there's still in the air up there, I guess.
They're there to shoot back when, you know, I have M and D.S.
So, you know, there wasn't really too much on back then anyway.
That's for Dan Schro.
So, well, that's really all I got now.
Thank you.
Thanks for the fire report, Pauli.
Have a great day holiday and whatever.
Have a great generic holiday.
Oh, Merry Christmas, by the way.
Gotcha.
They had some jackass on yesterday.
Some right wing lunatic debating, oh, four more US soldiers killed during the control north
was to bag that just did on the certainly Nazi news network.
Four more.
We can't even keep count of it anymore.
Anybody care?
No.
Now, they don't care.
It's the holidays.
Yep, your soldiers are dead for the holidays.
Boy, it's the told us mounting in the, but it would be, but it would be about
in every day they keep trying to rehabilitate your, your, your literate, dangerous
present.
Your paranoid, dangerous maniac.
Well, the comeback, we're all concerned about the comeback now in the poll number
show.
Yeah, well, I actually, the poll numbers is the latest poll.
Gallup and CNN USA today.
58% of those polls and Bush doesn't have a clear plan on Iraq.
38% said they believe he does have a plan for victory, even though, of course, nobody knows
what it is.
63% believe Iraqis have made real progress to establishing a democratic state over the
past two years.
Right.
That's why there's murder and bloodshed in chaos and all those innocent dead people over
there because they're making tremendous strides toward, whatever, towards staying alive.
They're even playing BG's music over there and I understand.
Can you just see the Iraqis listening to BG music under Sony or Walkmans?
Well, some of it sticking their iPod on their tripod.
The danceable stuff, certainly.
No question about it.
Okay, let's see how the early going here.
Okay, let's get the early returns.
And like I said, if you voted before, you're going to have to do it again to your other one.
The other one we just, I saved it.
I did print it out.
94 votes.
Phil Henry 16.
Other than the, oh, my favorite local radio personality last 25 years, Phil Henry 16,
Jim added 12.
For all 11.
Sudden Rick 11.
And what did I, and what did I tell you?
I realize it's only a few votes, but what did I say about you and Randy?
George Rodriguez 8, Randy Rhodes 8, because she hasn't started the freepaniate or her groupies, whoever.
Blah Blasitor 6.
That's Blah Blasitor.
By the way, if you want to read his blog, you will commit suicide.
Ed Kaplan 3, Dpo 3, Ricky Shaw 3, Henke Yerwillberg 3.
Moe Howard David II, Mike Winnery II.
Geldies got one, Don Cox's got one.
Herman and Bgm between the two of them, they got one.
Stan Major 1, Elser and Selwyn and Eln Courtney 1.
And all the others so far.
Oh, and speaking of the big goal.
Oh, come in on there.
But he is the Orlando Elzer Query.
Get his ass on her now.
This is solid Roger.
This is 516 QAM.
Coming up tonight, an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They took the Grundrock movement further than anyone else.
No, check that.
And meant to say, they made Grundrock sound more like a bowel movement than anyone else.
They were 7 Mary 3.
Hey, every Gree Rock song had the legend that builds up around it.
7 Mary 3 founder Jason Ross.
Everyone knows Jim Morrison was getting his knob polished right in the recording booth while he was singing LA Woman.
Well, I was popping a squat the whole time I was singing cumbersome.
Yeah.
Many artists do their best work in the toilet.
Since was the case with 7 Mary 3.
You could tell the parts where it's really working like, I have become cumbersome.
Plus, restrooms are awesome places to record.
Lots of great reverb.
According to the 7 Mary 3 frontman, more than 30 of the top 100 albums of all time have been recorded in a toilet.
Oh, yeah, man.
Sergeant Pepper, you can hear the pink ring is washing on with the little help from my friends if you play it backwards.
Oh, and Thriller, Michael Jackson was cropping out gold on that record.
But 7 Mary 3 was not just about dump taking.
It was also their name.
Where did it come from?
A virgin Mary reference?
The Salem Witch Trials?
A reference to the Holy Trinity perhaps?
Oh, that.
7 Mary 3 with Pontius Carl Sinon shifts.
For real, dude.
7 Mary 3.
If they haven't squeezed out a hit in 10 years, it's probably because they haven't been getting enough fiber.
It's a big juicy, sobbing wit look at show business tonight.
On the inside of a high.
11, 19 at 560 WQA.
I'm now you better keep your eye on that Randy vote.
I know it's very I'm keeping my eye for on that baby.
You know what I'm saying?
They may try a different technique today as opposed to like jamming them.
I'm not the only one.
Maybe she is the most popular.
Maybe she's the goddess after all.
Although, what a rip off artist.
We got a couple more we need to add on there.
How could we forget?
In fact, let me give you a musical clue.
Boop.
Boop the booster.
Boosh-chombie.
And Dan LeBasterd.
I mean, far be it from us.
We could put Ojimic Duffy on there and Sid Rosenstein, Gould, the crants, whatever his name is.
But he's been there for like five minutes.
What about the crow?
The crow?
What do you know, crow?
What do you know?
What do you know?
LeBasterd is a LD capital B?
That is correct.
And then of course, like you said, the crow.
So he's a long truck bar problem.
Right.
How about Stegat?
No, we're talking about Brought.
It's his personality, which he doesn't have one.
Oh.
No, right?
He does not.
This because he's your buddy.
Well, he used to be.
Yeah, he used to be your closebie.
You and Clarence there.
You're Bunkbunk buddy.
He was about Clarence's roommate.
Clarence's roommate.
That's the only, he was who?
Clarence's roommate.
He was Clarence's roommate.
Yeah, he didn't know that.
Clarence used to book guests for him on his show when he worked at 940 on the competition.
Oh, that explains it.
He was his roommate.
Like I said, his Bunkbunk buddy.
I just got through Sanat.
To this day, I never knew that for show.
That's pathetic.
So let's see.
And who else did I say we left off on her?
Crow.
And what about Lady Martez?
No, like I said.
Now he's got a personality.
When you say, I would say it's why I put on a toy.
Come on, throw Lady Martez on there.
Let's show a little sense of humor over here.
Dan LaBaster, the Booster, Lady Martez, the Crow.
Just a whole bunch of people.
And you're leaving off somebody, a great broadcaster in the Beast.
I can't believe after you put Forella on there.
How come you left off your close personal buddy?
Jersey, Gretz.
Huh?
What's the matter from you?
All we're like you said, it requires a personality.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe there's one in there somewhere.
I haven't heard of you yet.
What do you think?
Jersey Gaki.
Come on, let's get it on.
I hope I spelled it right.
What's that?
It's a Gaki?
Yeah.
GAGA CKI.
I'd love to see out.
Come on, get with it.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality
of the last 25 years, Phil 125,
Mad Dog 20, Randy 20.
Yeah, keep your eye on that.
And number one, how it may fluctuate.
How you spelling that?
It's going to fluctuate.
So it's in Rick's 16th, or Ralph 13, George 9th,
Bob Lasseter 7th.
Oh, God, is he morbid?
Hey, Global, it's 6th, Jeff DeForest 4th.
3 for Eddie K.
Herman and McBean, Ricky Tickey, Shaw,
Micronirium, Mohawar, David has got up here,
and then after that, you know, it's the ones and twos and o's.
Daniel and Baxter didn't have any yet.
I wonder how long it'll take before they start getting their people out.
Remember that thing in the Sun Central?
Was it the Sun Central or the Herald?
I think it was the Sun Central, one of those Sarny deals.
Hey, by the way, Sarny, whatever happened to your pull on,
or a Roxy Foxy, huh?
Yeah, we screwed up his pull so bad on Rich Waltz
that he didn't have the balls anymore to mess with anymore pulls well.
We're going to be taking a pull on Roxy.
Yeah, sure you are.
When's the pull coming on Geldy doing the Panther games?
Which yesterday in the Beastholders, he thinks Geldy's doing a fabulous job.
So he must be getting a little something of that thing too there.
I would maybe bring some food.
Somebody QAM, hello?
How many QAM, hello?
QAM?
But this thing is like on slow cook today for some reason, this switch.
WQAM, hello?
Oh, look at that.
Now it's all screwed up.
Oh, no.
Don't tell me.
You locked it.
Yeah.
QAM, hello.
Go see this, something screwed up with this thing now.
They're there, they're out there.
Well, you might going to wait.
You're like, I'm going to sit here and wait when we got all these call coming in here.
Forget about them.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, for us, we've got something with Palm Beach.
Can you put the love of the actors on that pull?
No.
Okay.
It says local, Tom Palm Beach.
Don't take it further, but we don't care.
Click, there he goes.
Just try and have a little verbal intercourse with the guy.
Oh, okay.
At least he was agreeable anyway.
Now, whatever you say.
Okay.
Yeah.
We don't want an interest in Palm, in addition to which are the love doctors' local.
I don't know that much about them.
All I know is that they're repr off of this show.
You don't take another repr off.
They haven't heard a lot about him in a long time.
What's your guys name in Orlando?
Jim, what is it?
Sorry.
No, you know I'm talking about one who's always ripping me off and, oh, I knew Rogers in Miami.
He's the greatest, you know, I just used my mantra.
I thought it was up to date on my Orlando radio like I used to be.
Yeah, well, thank goodness we don't get those Orlando radio groupies anymore or the Tampa
ones.
Oh, man.
But thanks again to that guy in Lakeland who said the facts on Friday, I'm sure it was like
an inside deal or something.
There was something going on there.
But thanks anyway for saving my life, even though that wasn't your intention.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how the hell are you?
Okay, sir.
All right, listen.
Now, pay the truth out of the list you got.
You can't be surprised that the majority of them are Randy, whether you believe they're true or not.
The majority of them, the majority are Randy.
Well, what was that?
Well, I don't know.
I just started listening to you right now.
I haven't been able to catch you all morning.
You said, Randy's like running away and sending their false votes or whatever?
No, you don't understand what I'm telling you.
Yesterday there was a period of time.
I can tell when people are creeping the poll.
In other words, there's a whole load of votes that come in in chunks for one issue or one person or whatever.
And that's what happened yesterday.
Oh, okay.
The problem is, is you went here in square and that's fine.
What do I care who wins the poll?
Consider the loyalty we have.
I mean, we followed you guys around.
And I followed Randy, you know, and then Phil, when he turned code, forget it.
I dropped out.
I just couldn't care even to listen to him.
Yeah, but I got to give Randy a clue.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
And I was there with Phil.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
All right.
I was going to say I didn't even recognize Phil.
Go figure.
But, you know, I'm loyal to you because it's like the honesty you say up the way it is.
And with her, at least she backs up her stuff with facts.
And I'm assuming that the college tried.
That's right.
Absolutely.
And ripping off our good stuff very well, like that power of nightmares.
It's good.
I'm proud to see that her website is becoming pretty similar to she's going to have a poll on there like ours every day too.
Yeah, she uses your drops all the time.
But on the short.
She does.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
See you, man.
See, that's, that's, I don't know.
I didn't use to bother me, but now it's starting to gul me.
These people, I think it was when Lassiter used that line, taking a little shot at me on his blog yesterday.
It's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail.
Yeah, yeah.
Rip off, man.
Just a total rip off.
Everything this man ever did was just a rip off.
At least have the decency to credit the source when you rip off.
Yeah, at least admit it.
At least admit it.
Okay.
His style was his own.
No, it was not his own.
He was like, kneels you in it with a much better voice.
I'll give him that.
I mean, if I hit his voice, I'd be making 50 million a year.
He's got a great voice.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, but he doesn't know how to use it.
There are many people have a great voice, but they don't know how to use it.
You know what I'm talking about?
I do.
I'm sure the beast would agree with that.
He's probably eaten his turkey sandwiches now.
Yeah, I've done.
You done?
I totally agree.
Did you watch him eat?
Yeah, sort of.
Did you inspect?
We're going to have a food inspector standing over here.
We're sure the garbage.
I want to say that bread.
In fact, I want you to hold up the bread right now so George can look at it to see that you did not witness that you didn't eat the bread that you'd toss to you.
Schmidt Candidates in the garbage can.
Okay, we'll reach in.
I mean, even a little fat putty bowling ball like you could reach in the garbage can.
The picket.
I'll hold it up in a year.
I want an eyewitness now.
Eyewitness news.
He's going to have to bend over to do that.
Inquirerity, high-ups.
I want to know.
Come on, let's see it.
I got a trek across the room here and you threw it in this garbage.
All right, move across the room.
Okay, George.
You want to inspect the garbage, okay?
You want to round the table.
Yeah.
In fact, he's going around that table.
Maybe you can go in here and he can show you on that scale in the corner.
I'll try it.
I'll try it again.
No chance.
No.
He's coming back.
Yeah.
Okay, here comes the evidence.
He's got the evidence.
Well, you wouldn't be saying it if there's a wadded up bread in there.
All right, let's hear it.
We've brought the beast to the next 30 minutes of life this morning.
This is New Rock.
Third man.
This is 5.60 Q.A.S.
There's a broadcast journal.
In the tradition of Edward on the road, see it now.
5.60 WQ.A.M. presents Now, see here with Mohawi David.
I just move on to David.
Now, see here.
Got a new gig here.
And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is told.
Now, see here.
Who did more for radio?
New Rogers or Hoyboss Carrebson?
Ha!
Here's my best view.
Are you guys all right?
I've said it.
Hoyboss Carrebson.
That's who.
But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio.
And at five smoke, he ate no man.
Why, Hoyboss Carrebson sang nice song.
Oh, he had a beautiful voice.
Oh, he had a beautiful voice.
And he was running, he was singing a song called Not in the Name.
We didn't know nor do I.
Why sure?
That's where that's a Neil singing in the disperaging songs about the Not in the Name.
And then a bag of the one who he writes them in the Neil's Sing them.
Now you know he's queer.
Because real men don't sing.
And another day, Hoyboss Carrebson, with a lot of fat in the Neil too,
that there's what made him their best days.
And the next thing's for all that I've seen here.
Who made a better cup of coffee?
Mrs. Olson or Jackie Robinson?
Yeah, man.
Now see me here next time for a moment, Dignitz.
Now see me here.
Not there over here.
Our 26th of a new employer is a whole lot of names coming in here like for example.
Another break already?
Drusey.
Look at his faxes from University Dodge.
It must be this from a Kimba.
Back in the good old days, Tinkerbell drew Michael's.
And what about Drew Hayes?
I'm actually don't even know who that is.
Talk about screamers.
Not that kind of screamer.
Not gay.
No, not that kind.
And then he wound up his program director of W.
Wallace in Chicago briefly.
Ever heard of him?
He was bizarre.
Well, he was the weekend overnight guy.
And every five off, he used to do midnight till six on the weekends.
And W.S. News.
And by four in the morning every show, he'd be like,
he'd have learned to write this because he was scream at a horror.
What's wrong with you?
Yeah, well, no, far more than that.
Real.
Yeah, much worse.
So you got Drew Hayes.
But Drew Hayes.
And of course, how could you forget,
speaking of the old prison bitch,
how could you forget jazz McKay?
You know, out of sight, out of mind.
See ya.
See ya.
See ya buddy.
Yeah, see ya.
And also, here's the fact that it says,
and I have no idea who this is.
See, if I don't know who it is, I'm not putting it on there.
Because I've been in the market 700 years.
If I don't know who they are, then it got to be really obscure.
I've been in the market 700 years.
From the good old great days of WQM.
I don't know who that is.
What's up, Paul?
I mean, we could start putting all of you old D-gays
from 100 years ago on there.
But what's the point?
All of the people who are then are dead or are at ought to be.
So thanks very much, but no thanks for John Paul,
whatever his name is.
Sure.
John Paul Jones.
We got 206 more hosts already on these second incarnations.
So we're already almost to 2000.
See the beast put his finger on it.
And actually, through the, now let me ask you this,
what did you need the bread for?
Was it, was it satisfying having the,
you know, the, the, the, the innards?
No, I just feel like an idiot ordering.
Can I just have some turkey?
I just don't know if I'm not, I'm just an idiot.
I'm just, I'm not saying that that's the way to do it.
And then you throw the bread away.
Right.
We, like ordering a nice big sub sandwich.
And then just not eating it.
Just taking it even before it's not eating the bread.
Right.
And I teach you a new way of living.
I actually had a market on it, man.
One day of time for that blind bride of yours.
WQM, hello.
Q-L-E-L.
Q-L-E-S.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, hello, college.
I just, I, I, I love your show, man.
I just got a chance to tune in.
I don't know whether you talked about it or not.
Um, about the phone again, Christians, uh, boycotting places that won't say Merry Christian.
Well, so that's all news now.
We've talked about, uh, six to seven hundred times in the last couple of weeks.
And quite frankly, it's very, so I started to mention that they had them to bake yesterday on CNN with some rattling goofball.
Oh, and the Nazis did the same thing and they took, and then they started going to think about Jesus
into public school and we can't even say Jesus.
I mean, these people are in total denial.
They have no concept of what a pluralistic society is all about and I say it hubbmann dread.
It's really bad.
Really bad.
It's really bad.
Neil, uh, I love that when you play that one where mold goes, um, I, I, I, I, I, I, toy, toy.
I'm a little bit nervous, I want to please.
Oh, no problem, you got to mind.
And by the way, happy Hanukkah.
Ah, gotcha.
Okay.
Now, what does that one call?
Toyoy, toyoy.
The low, the joy and the, uh, yeah.
Mo do I guilty is that what that's called like that. Yeah, what is one called Mo fo? I don't think we better be planning
Oh, what there's one called a mo fo your money and then there's one called Mo do I guilty
That could be it
Oh
Not
Of you 21 so noon a player that can be attached a printer that can be attached to Broward County voting machines and
provided paper trails been invented and built and is ready to be installed. But, seeing
no matter what it is, they come up with something good and there's always a big, standing
in the way. It'll be months possibly years before the state allows voters to use it.
Well, they want to be able to fix those numbers real good. That's right. Called the real-time
audit log, the printers attached to Broward 60, 100 Ivo Tronic touchscreen machines, I
wonder if they attached to only good machines. They would create a written record of the
moment to computerize machines were introduced in Florida in 2002. Many voters have been skeptical
of their reliability and security. US representative Bobby Wexler, Democrat of Volka,
sued in federal court, stating that the inability of the touchscreen machines in 15 counties
to provide a printed record violates the equal protection clause of the Constitution.
Other constitutions, that's just a GDP-set paper, your president says. Because 52 other Florida
counties have optical skinners that use paper that can be manually recounted, just to be
show. To answer its critics, voting machine manufacture election systems in software
spent at least two years developing a printer to go along with its Ivo Tronic and use
in Broward in Dave. Russ Clinton, the lobbyist for election systems in software in Broward
began showing the new printer county officials this month on attempt to draw up interest.
A world of paper in each printer is locked and sealed behind a glass window. Every voter
has recorded on the paper and the voter can view the record through the glass. Through
the looking glass, Alice, if the voter decides to change a vote before leaving the booth,
the device prints the first vote has been canceled and replaces it with a new vote. Only
a poll clerk with a key can open the machine. It's totally secure, as said Jill Friedman,
spokeswoman for the company, Pete Cromon, assistant of the county administrator got a
peek at the printer on Monday, spelled wrong in a sunsendel, and said it seemed to satisfy
voters and county commissioners demands for paper record of the electronic voting. There
are some drawbacks, though. They say the written record can't be read by the visually impaired.
They didn't know how this could be solved. Spray to the current version of the printer
may be too bulky for a poll worker's handle. So I guess the beast fiance wouldn't be
able to benefit from this, the visually impaired. That's not right. What do you mean it's not
right? She can see just fine. Yeah. I hear she wears glasses thick as coke bottle. That
is true. She does wear glasses. See, coke bottle glasses. She actually thinks you're
like, you look like Brad Pitt. It's like a little black box, Roderham, commissioner
John Robertson said there's no written accountability, no way to recount the votes. He warned the
price for new printers will be an issue as well. We don't want to have anything in Florida
that would make elections too accurate and too checkable. This is Neil Roger. This is
5.60 Q.A.A.
Oh, hey, you look different. What you do? I didn't do anything. Change the color of your
hair. No, I didn't change my hair color. I got a hair cut. I'm not going to hair cut. You
shaved your beard off. No, I still have my beard. You're working out. No, no, no, no,
no, no. You look different. I know. I stepped on a rake. It shattered my nose.
Both of my ears fell off and sore. I got to speak it through bold. All has a dream.
The first of its kind. And my team of the dishes say I'm going to be fine. I'm going to
be fine. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to
be fine. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine.
I knew you looked different. It's on 47, 13-dil, noon, and we have to mow my shirt color up
into a clock this afternoon, the indefatigable whatever that means. I can't Howard David. How
is Mow doing? Do you want anything on the pole? He's got the faux, faux, faux, faux, faux. See
there you go with that crap again. What? What are your sickle all the time? I think God is
punishing you or maybe Joyce. Other than any of my favorite local radio personalities
you've had last 25 years, in case you had too many labor starting all over again, in all fairness
to all concern, we want to make this scientific and fair. Don't we? Absolutely. No, a lot depends on this.
The future of many of these people is hinged you on the outcome of this pole. Phil Henry 43,
Randy Wards 37, keep your eye on that number. If it starts like this afternoon, I'm going to keep my
peeled on it. Mad Dog 29, Suds in Rick 25, for Rouse God 18. See? Right there it's a big
change. Georgia's got 17, you're on a Ferelles ass. Bob Aceter, Elaceter 12, Hank Overg9,
Jeff D. E. DeFo de Fora 6, Ron and Ron 6, Craig Worthing 5, Micronary 5, Mojauer David
David David David David David 4, the most disruptive and divisive human being on the face of the
earth. I stand on the master three, Eddie K3, Hermann and McQueen 3, Ricky Tiki Shaw 3, Alice Rantel 3.
Now wait a minute, what did Alice had before? On the first one, on a 17-year-old host, he only had two,
and now he's got three. See what I'm saying? What do you eat now? Who tons?
You're eating cretens, Bill Crawler 3, Steve Gellie Gelstein 2, Joe Rose's got a pair, Don Cox 2, Alan
Burke 2, one for Joe Zegaki, he's still spelled wrong, it's the AGA, you're all working on it. Oh God, Joe Zegaki. Well, what
difference does it make? Lennie Martez 1, Boob Shamby, the Boosters got 1, Kimbo Camp or 1, Orlando, the
big O's got 1, did I put Gary Weekfoot, Kimbo? Who put that on there? Me? I forgot about it. Sorry, Kimbo.
Oh, what's his personality? Larry Kent 1, Greg VL1, Big Wilson 1, hello, big Stan majors got 1,
Joey Reynolds 1, Paul Kaspern over 1, Jerry Wissner's got 1, Alan Courtney 1, Bill Smith 1, and
none for Drew Michaels, Jasmine Kay, the Crow, Joyce Kaufman, Norma Kent, yet gotten on Norma, Jerry Williams
Roba Young, Dave Capri to Lee Fowler, Bill Tanner, Sonny Fox, Steve King or Sandy, lovely lady, Peyton. I wonder if she, I think
she's the same person as Peyton Manning, 267. So I would think that by the end of this hour, we're going to be
close to like a total of 2,000, if you add him aside by 8, 2,000, we're going to go way over 2,000 on this. Does it really
make a difference? No, but we like it, makes us feel good. Somebody QIM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Could you put Diane Ray on your poll? Who? Diane Ray, is she going to be a CEO? Never heard of her. Okay, sorry about that. I'm very gay.
Okay, no, I'm not. She used to be a, see you talk to your groupies out there. Diane Ray, is there anybody living?
You know who also we could have put on her? What's that fat, the black chick that used to be? Or maybe she was white? I don't know.
They used to be on WS News. Sorry. Oh, and there's another fight. Wait a minute. Maybe he's thinking of another fight. She actually
was surely Peters. All right, who was also a K a the psychic. She was speaking of fact black chick. She was with what's
her name on the psychic hotline? Your good friend, Bo, your showgripping. Remember her? Oh, I'll never forget her from the old
Bowen Joe show. And anyway, of course then Bo got to be a big shot. She wanted to start doing her shows on power
from out in LA. This business of people doing their shows from the house, you know, still work. What a scary part.
She was horrible. And who is the other surely Peters and who is that? Oh, Debbie Ellis. Debbie Ellis. I don't think she was black.
I don't know what you are. I never met her. She was horrible on the air. But she'll get she'll get some votes. You'll see.
Let's see. Where's that thing we got a drop in about here? Oh, come on. Where the hell is it? Come on, vice man. You can do it.
It's in here. So I'll find it. If it's the last damn thing I do it in my, they might take to about 145. Where the hell is that?
Oh, here. Now here's one. Like goldberg is a hip-hop part of us. I do.
See, trying to get people to lose a little weight didn't work. Why not Debbie Ellis? She's a cow. Where is that thing? You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do. But I don't, I don't find it. Do you? You got it? I'm not sure which one it is. It's under dice. No, I know, but which particular one there's only like 50. I see.
Tell that Tom. Then it worked. It grow up. W I O D. What do you want? W F L A. Sucks.
Oh, here's another one for Pat Riley. The heat sucks. And another one. It's very timely. Let me tell you something, pal. The New York Jets suck.
How come we don't use these all the time? What's this one? That bullet that gave him skill.
Oh, that's for a debaster for his hurry Keynes. I always have to play Temple of them. At least. Oh, here's another one.
Half a bay blows. Oh, beauty. What am I supposed to for? I still can't try that. I don't know. I don't even remember what I thought.
Not that long ago, like maybe the last 20, 30 years. It's not worth it. Okay. Foot around there. Debbie Ellis. We did.
Boy, she a cow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless lines. Debbie Ray. The guy said from life.
I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. What is it? I am Ray. I would have ran. No. How about Angela Ray. There you go.
Yeah. What? What? What? What? What? What do you want? Hello? Q.A.M.
Q.A.M. Hi. Can I speak to Neil, please? Speaking. Neil wants out body. What do you got, Pali?
Hey, I got a, I want to stray out topic here for a second. Is that okay? Whatever you want. This show has always been about whatever you got.
If you got anything, which is you, you're not the case. But go ahead. I need you to do me a favor. I got a weird request.
I'll put this. I want to know if where I can find all the radio bits from like the last 10 years. But you know the real obnoxious ones like Dr. Shapiro.
Because I want to do like a parody scoop.
See, there he goes. The tech here finds sponsors now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless lines. See this guy don't really live to the right between bits and commercials.
Although quite frankly, nevertheless, moving right along. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Nice try there across the street and then going to work. What a shame. WDQ, I am. Hello?
Hello? Yes, sir. What about Jim DeFeedy? What about him? He's spat and grotesque. What about Adam to the poll? Why is that? Is he a radio personality? What is he is? He is what?
He is a personality on the radio. What station is that? 610. On WILD? They put that cover garbage on the air? Well, he's got a face for radio.
That's for damn sure. No, the answer is no. Well, how long can he get on? Like our probes since he got canned at the heralds. So that's like put him in their last 25 years.
We're talking about somebody who means something in a market. Somebody important like Joyce Kaufman, not freaking Jim DeFeedy. What is wrong with you people? WQ, I am. Hello?
Yes, what's up, Samuel? Speaking. Hey, man, two names for your list. Yes. Alex Bennett, Tom Don't Like Us. All right. How could we forget what we've been trying to forget about both of them?
Excellent. And you mentioned Alex ran tail earlier. Yes. And with a radio accident, yes. He was on the Sean Hannity for about 30 or 40 minutes. Oh, what a good pair. I can't look back there. The main came out of the past. And he's more conservative than I am, which is him. And it was scary. But he's that in fact.
I guarantee you, Sean Hannity would like to fry that queen in the oven. I guarantee you. I don't know. They sound pretty close. I don't invite you. Well, you know, that whole Miss Dreds thing birds in my feather flock together.
I think so, but he was out in San Francisco and he was actually getting one. He was about to be near the truth. He was about to be fried. Yeah, Alex was jumping up and down. They should have made a package deal. Thanks a lot, pal. So how do you spell like us? Alex Bennett and Tom Don't Like Us. L.E. Y. K. I.S. as in kiss this. L.E. Y. K. I.S. Tom Likeus. When I let it jacket, baby, gets in the car in the middle right and left town. That's a true story. I don't care how he tries to color it. You know, I should write a book. You should really. The problem is because you know, I'm a local. I'm not going to be a fan of the
local. I only been on the year in Miami. So who the hell would buy it? But I'm going to tell you right now. We'll sell it cheap. I'd come on. I don't even mind the wrong hour already. I've got. I'm so far ahead of myself. I already threw out the page for the last hour. I'm getting away ahead of myself. Not that
occasions coming up or anything like that. This is the 12 to 1 hour. Yeah, at least for today.
I'll play you like it very much. This area is the team. I don't have a middle round much for a while. But I want you all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven. I'll be
thinking of you. This Christmas. And I have to give you all a special Christmas message. A message of peace. Like how about a little
piece of that? I go by. Thank you. I got. A lot of old shaman. Christmas is a time of
joy. I'm a little. And I sure would love to take slides that teacher you got there. Like a. Oh, yeah, Christmas. The
Christmas to me means family. Family means friends. The friends means getting together and getting together means. Eating. I'll pass you that
big star. Maybe too bad. But anybody's so big. You can't reach out. I help in hand. Helping. I hand. Oh, yeah. Hand me a helping over my
taters over there. Which I believe. Like it. I got my. Now I was feeling. Ain't nobody's so big. You can stoop to help a
friend of me to with a holiday season. Speaking of season. It won't pass me that soul sugar. You get the chance. Like it. Yeah, just
just to screw the color. That's right. So this Christmas. Why don't y'all take a tip from old a. O.S. Now leave those state tips right
where they are. You know what I mean? No, I appreciate it. I want you to remember we're all part of God's great big family. You know God made
man into his own image. And look at the mirror. I have to say God must be a big, big center of a gun. You know what I mean? I like it. But I
especially want y'all to remember there's one last thing. You know all the homeless Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the
tree. Save a big big bowl for the king extra butter. Little. Like it. I can't say the big goal for the three and two. I
read it. Tom 02 at five sixty W to Q. I. I'm happy Tuesday December 13. It's lucky 13 for us today. You want to know why? Why? I haven't
got any idea. Okay. Maybe we'll find out by two o'clock. Maybe because mow is on today. Maybe because the man
dog is doing two and a half hours. Maybe because we got the Panther and the National hockey game tonight at the Macarena. Or
maybe because Eddie K. Will be on by the odds on whether anybody's going to go to the next game. Let's see the next game after this.
The Red Wings in town Thursday. I was phony. A permanent red ring fans will be there. Whether red ring jerseys on or t-shirts and
their outfits and their red winged joys. See it's one thing if you really a fan of a thing. That's that's one deal. But
all these bandwagon jippers. But red wings want a couple of stand the cups and right away every time the red wings come to town.
There'd be like 5,000 people in there with red wing perforated on. How many people from Detroit you think live in South Florida?
All the Midwesterners for whatever reason they went to the West Coast of Florida. Most of them the Chicago people to Detroit people.
They moved down South. They went to Tampa and like a Sarisota. Sorry, Soda. Yeah.
I know that my boss was up when I worked at WS PV in 1973. Snooki. I mean Cliff Lanson was the general man.
And because I would say sorry, Soda on it. He had a nervous breakdown about that. And the mayor's name at that time was Soda.
And I used to call him Soda and he just I don't know. Hey, Snooki too bad. He's probably dead by now. Snooki Lanson. I'll ride.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality or show last 25 years is 300 9 votes and guess what?
309 and 1667 is what? 309 19 oh man 1976. That was a very good year. That's what I was born until Jimmy Carter got elected.
Well, at least Gerald Ford. They tossed his ass out. I bet you're pardon Jerry. Jerry Ford couldn't walk to gum or speak at the same time.
Other than the of my favorite talk host Phil Henry 57. Randy Rose 44. Now see, I believe that. Don't you sure what?
Mad Doggie 35. Scudson Rick. I just changed again. Phil 58. Randy 45. Mad Dog 37. Sudson Rick. 29. I think they left the letter off the second guy's name. The first letter.
George Rodriguez 23 for 2018. Bob Lasseter 12. Hey, there you go. Bob. Here's something to hang your hat on. Hank.
Gilbert 11. Micronary 8. Jeff DeFloris 7. Ron and Ron 6. Eddie K 5. Kray Worthing 5. Michael Oosting didn't get any yet.
Herman and me. Five. Mohawar David. Did did did did stuck it for there. Daniela Bastard boy 3. Boog Shamby 3. You see that even in the vote totaler together.
There's something really. Huh? Let's hit that. Something really interesting with those two. Don Cox 3. Rick Shaw 3. Joy Reynolds 3. Alice Rantell. She's got 3. Ellen Burke 3. Bill Carter 3.
Lady Martez is got to. He's got to. He's got to start sticking English with what he's got to. Man, he's bad. The big O's got a pair. He's also marginal Steve Goldstein 2.
Joe Rose 2. Castanova's got to pretty weak Paulie after all these years. And by the way, we still don't want to hire you.
Jazz McKay 1. Joseph 1 for Joseph Gackie Kim. Kimba B. Larry Kent Jerry Williams. Greg Bidale. Big Wilson Stan major Jerry Wichner.
Alan Courtney Bill Smith. And none yet. Zero out of 3. 18. None for Tom Likis. Alex Bennett. Debbie Ella. Shirley Peters. Drew Michaels. War in the Crow. Chromarty. Joyce Kaufman. Norma Kent.
Roba Young. Dave Capreda. Lee Fowler. Bill Tanner. Sunny Fox. Steve game or Sandy Peyton. Lovey lady.
But she's always, you know, since she went off with and Bishop's body. She's been in a really much better and her money to have a leave or at least part of it. Yeah. She's been in a really good mood. Old Sandy.
What's that? Oops. That is what I wanted to hit. That's about the first time I seven in a long time. It's called sticking your finger in the wrong place. Yeah. Some people have a habit of doing that.
In fact, I think that's what happened at color that was just freaking out on the phone and laughing and yuking. I think he had a digit. Have a nice day. There she goes. Now we're talking. I would love to keep you all in myself. Oh God. What a bitch.
The stories that I would be about how they hated her like poison were legendary, but on the air she was so sweet and syrupy. See what you don't get what you think you're getting. Okay. What you get is not what you see or hear. Trust me when I tell you.
Like me. I happen to be in ice. You sure never know it. A homemade more bad news from Iraq boy. Things are really coming up roses. There aren't they?
But that homemade bomb killed four task force Baghdad soldiers today. The US military says the four died while on patrol Northwest of the capital.
West brings the number of service members killed. A nice even easier member 2150 to 150.
255. Okay. But they won't stay there for long. It's zooming up. And is if that isn't good enough news in Ramadi, a SUNY Arab candidate in this week's selections in Iraq was shot and killed today.
And interior ministry spoke some said that he mercenel to report what we know about the dead soldiers. So there you go. All only good news, only good things.
And of course, they still got a tremendous number of people with no electricity and no drinkable water, stuff like that. But nonetheless, an ABC news boy, are they on a payroll now or what? This need must have made some kind of a deal with the devil.
Because their newscast now they got Elizabeth Vargas in Baghdad and she's showing all the merchants and the little kids at the US.
I got the ass out of that because of the local 18 carries a Chenle team in the cable, which is a buffalo. No, it's really good to avoid.
They carry real fortune. So I don't I didn't avoid the last two minutes last night. There was Elizabeth Vargas. Now that they put those two losers on together, man, are there numbers going to be crap or what?
And let me just tell you one other thing. If CBS puts Katie Kurek on there is this room would be in pay her a zillion dollars. What makes anybody think that anyone's going to watch her for the news?
Oh, you know, she's perky. Hey, well.
I see Katie Kurek is hot. Is that what you're telling me? I said she's perky. No, no, that's not what the beast said. He said, Hank will watch her. Yeah, they used to date or something.
They used to date? Yeah, back as she was down here and he won't remember. Katie Kurek used to date? Maybe they used to eat dates.
Oh my God. Figs and dates. What, they're bad. High carbs, man. Figs and dates. Totally. I wonder he got so huge. Anyway, she just, she have credibility. Is she really hot? No.
She got anything other than being on the today show and being very boring and doing in civil interviews. I know.
But you know something. Any network that would put old funny, dirty Bob Sheifer, Rocky, dokey on here. It wouldn't surprise me because they're desperate.
They're desperate that they came. Didn't they fired Danny Borla law before his time? Bad moves CBS and you're paying a wicked price for it. I'm back to a Martian Brian Williams, myself.
What's wrong with the Martian just because I got a bizarre head and got to get used to it. But 85, 85 little tiny teeth. They're all like jagged and pointed in different directions. It's kind of fun.
56705, 60 pound, five, 60. We're talking about the human race and its limited futures. What we're talking about. And especially because this religious, all these get-kies have got control of the world now. God almighty. I was thinking that this morning.
I was thinking while I was in the shower and I was thinking to myself box or earn. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Or scattered or scattered. Do I want to get cremated in this way to go or do I want to be in a box?
I don't think I want to be wanting to. You know they've got that thing where they take your ashes and compress them into a diamond and then someone can wear you in.
I would be a beautiful jewelry. Somebody real pretty could wear that and pass it along. But anyway, box or earn. And I'm thinking to myself, you know, all this crap. How could anybody believe in this afterlife garbage? Oh, well, man has a soul while I got news for a dog's don't think so.
It hurts. Catch don't think so. Lizards don't think so. Dinets or a stone thing. So, my not so, I don't believe it. Man's got a soul. My ass.
This soul is going to be up there in heaven sitting around the crazy the Lord praising the Lord. He said his only begotten son to be brutally butchered on the cross. What a wonderful God. He is perfect. You know, seriously, how can any who did more for the religious community? Okay.
Just just pathetic. I just so you know, the only way to survive and keep your sanity is just just ignore all of that. You're not going to think anything you read because it's just going on for too long. But here we are thousands of years later and the ramblings of primitive ignorance superstitious morons. Oh, the good book says this. I think I said this yesterday, but I'm getting all whipped up about it because it's so aggravating and arguing about which fair he tells them or why don't we also argue about Grimm's fairytales. Oh, by the way, Merry Christmas.
I think what's the Riley is the Andy Christ, you know, it might away bill anyway. Happy holidays, falafel. Don't start talking with the food stuff now. Wait a place. Then you start with the falafel balls and then Bethel come. Oh, she starts crying. Of course, it doesn't take too much to get the crying by the way.
He does go to the doctor. He's ill and he has to go to a color of his not this morning. There's one thing I don't need to hear is about the color of anybody's not applied. I heard. Yeah. No, those were his checkered pants. He said he said he thought it was just a little mucus, but it's not.
And don't start again with an adventure. I bet you the beast eats the bookers. I guarantee you that I have never once eaten a bugger. How about somebody else's? Well, that's a different story.
Now that that would really that. Oh, man, that see this is my new concept of helping you diet. If that didn't make you lose your appetite. Can you even begin to imagine that? What's that? Maybe might be appetite. Listen, they take chocolate covered ants. I bet you they covered it in chocolate. You need it. Oh sure without a doubt. Especially white chocolate. No, I was going to say dark chocolate. I like it dark myself to chocolate anyway. Now I talk with fat. Here's the fact that says what about art?
Not really. Art Riley. I thought art Riley was in Chicago and WLS on videos to go. I recently listed the longtime WID morning newscaster when he and Brooke Austin were together says, Chris, well, Chris, I'll pray for your soul. You old code, but that's a little before anybody's time.
Chris out of count kiss kiss that sheet of paper that he faxed was that he is still alive. Is that incredible? That's incredible. I mean, I bet I'm in the market for 600 years before Jesus was an infant and these people are like a sent me names that nobody ever ate. Even their parents never heard of these people.
1213 at 560 WQM. It's that most wonderful time of the year unless, of course, you hit the credit malls along registered lines and the parking hassles. So this year make your gift giving a lot easier for you and your loved ones. Get them a dial amatras gift certificate. When you call 1 800 mattress, you can order a dial amatras gift certificate. Any denomination in a brand new bed makes a perfect gift at last for years. When you call 1 800 mattress, you choose from the top names to they got silly. Sir to Simmons King, Coole, Stearns of Eddans Foster and Temporary P2. Maybe you're a bed sufferer.
You can't get 100 damage from the hurricane. Maybe it's like water log. Maybe you need a bed for those last minute uninvited holiday guests. Whatever the deal is, just make that one easy call that I've been telling you about for years 1 800 mattress and you'll get same day delivery from 8 in the morning till 10 at night.
And they still let you choose the date and time for delivery to fit your schedule. Dial amatras is proud of their record of being on time 99.7% of the time which is why they're ranked number one customer satisfaction in the universe. I wouldn't dream of it. I'm at percent the other way and you should be doing the same.
Before those guests arrive pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress or log on to their website mattress.com 1 800 MATTRES leave off the last as because it stands for squeaky.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69 AF.
Word Neil said if the tongue was not arrived.
Absolutely.
One moment please the creeping has started okay take a look to your right take a look at the screen okay.
Damn sure you will have a blast when you do Christmas are with me.
Okay 12 I see the free course. He first creepers they're at it again. What a surprise.
So you said that you know that's hopped on a mind and it had 81 and it went from 81 to 103. They're coming in like 22 votes.
That's 10.107 now I'm way ahead of you.
Pretty sold me 50 50 million votes for the goddess. All right.
Wow. Man oh man it's just I am pleased to see though that they're all over our website like stick on Greg. That's great.
I said something about the duck was in this morning I see the old George is he secured I said he's taking him at a bell and he just oh was he does Miguel.
No we hold somebody. That much my sir man you talk about out of touch with reality.
He's taking a maddy bell okay make the sound effect to death but you've got joy to get upset.
Anyway here's the facts that says how could you feel all the great Rene Sochin all right hey let's get him on your SOCH I got it right there.
Ha on the facts he did that SOCH show man never have a pair of socks lived as long as that Rene Sochin show on SOCH.
He was a good guy over in the air like Rene La Mekana Nakka off on the air but a good guy.
How you doing Rene how's it going?
Also can you play the school of broadcast you bit it brings me to tears.
Oh it brings me to tears to be on this station believe me no problem he grows coming up.
It brings me to tears you know when I think about so many of the people that are working on the year on this station
and in the market in general I would say right now this is the all time just like with our sales department at least we're consistent.
I mean there is nobody in that sales department who sold anything on this show in so long it's like record breaking and the people on the air that we got we got speaking of people we got in the building.
You know that Tommy was 171 pounds.
Does he?
Do you find that hard to believe?
Yeah a little bit.
That's what he said he came in there yesterday he had see Tommy came in and got on a scale no problem at all in the doctor's scale and he pushed the little thing over there.
171 of course he probably had 20 pounds of pot under each arm.
Right let me say it was a little bit but I can't because I mean how tall would you say 10 about 6'1".
Maybe 6 feet.
Yeah they're about 6 feet.
But he's scrawny how can he weigh 171?
Well he's not a scrawny as he used to be.
Yeah he's working normal.
Is he like getting a little more normal?
Well Tommy's a good guy okay I guess he is.
There's too many others in the building but we like Tommy a lot other than that not too much.
But anyway here's the yeah we got that.
Yeah they're free the creeping.
You know look 132.
Oh you're way ahead.
135 they're coming in and chunks.
This is most amazing.
Now you notice it took an hour 20 minutes before the grapevine got going.
I think the beast has got his nose on this one.
Somebody has got their finger because even our own creeper I don't think could ever come up with this many.
You know I mean they're coming in and just enormous chunks and now we're up to 470 we got like 2100 votes between yesterday and today.
We're redoing the pool trying to get it more scientific and the creeper is out there.
I think if Eric is Cape I don't know how we do this.
I think Eric could probably do it because he's the only one that can change and then free this over the honor.
He needs to put like three asterisk after Randy's name and then if the bottom of the pool put creeped we could do that.
Yeah let's see if Eric can do that.
Eric's a magician.
We appreciate Eric even though you don't believe it we do.
It's a laborer love.
Whoa!
Now we do we appreciate you a lot.
Some days a 37 year old woman who is 7 months pregnant by her 15 year old groom say she prefers older men but the teenager aggressively wooed her.
This is an Atlanta.
And she ain't really all that fat looking either.
Do you see her Lisa Clark?
Who?
Lisa Clark.
No who's that?
Hey.
Let me say it again.
The 37 year old woman she is 7 months pregnant by her 15 year old groom.
Lisa Clark.
Oh that's a story.
You see in it?
No.
I heard about it though.
She is charged with child molestation, statutory rape and attesting a child for indecent purposes.
I bet he thought it was pretty decent.
Seven TV interviews yesterday that she still hopes to make a life with him and their baby.
Oh great.
The half that she's having is baby.
Odiest coats but I forgot her name.
Until I got word where did I see that?
Have all of your collection right?
I'm a collectioner.
Yeah my time life.
Paul Anken Odiest coats.
She said the morality of their relationship was open to debate noting that in the past it was coming for 13 year old girls to be given in marriage.
They're making a big deal out of a 15 year old she told W.A.G.E. TV in Atlanta.
I'm not going to share you there was no victim.
It's not like they're making it out to be.
Actually I told him no several times because I prefer someone older but he was just so nice and so sweet.
She said evidently not too sweet.
The boy who had been on probation on an unrelated burglary charges ordered yesterday to return to juvenile detention after relatives he was living with said they could not handle them.
Out of control.
Slap him around a little bit okay?
Clark was arrested last month after the couples remember aid wedding.
Georgia law allows children of any age to marry without parental consent if the bride to be is pregnant.
The law abates to the early 60s and was written to discourage out of wedlock births.
Clark denied marrying the teen to try to avoid prosecution.
I told the detective that I got married because I wanted the baby to have his name.
I wanted to be married when the baby came she said.
It's always a good idea George when the baby arrives to be married.
Clark said the baby and then of course get a quirky divorce.
Clark said the baby's a boy wouldn't have the middle name of her new husband who's not been identified by authorities because he's under age 15.
I got to tell you I think I think 17 would be okay.
I think this is my opinion who am I to you know 15's too young.
Can we put one on it?
For well I wasn't too young to knock her up but I mean just too young to be a married.
I think 50 is too young to be married.
Quite frankly I think George would agree.
100 is too young to be married.
Okay let's get those asterisks on there maybe we got them already I don't know.
I know it's going to take some real labor of love.
He's working on it.
He puts Randy.
He puts Randy.
He had a boy Eric.
You go fast so.
I shouldn't say Eric is fat because he's a sliver of his former self and compared to the beast.
He's like slim pickens.
He puts Randy Rose creeped.
That's review that just love the way it just got to be what I saw it.
Freaked.
156 votes he is just pulling away so this verifies what I told you yesterday man.
You can't pull the old world with a shea bully over this old queen's eyes I'll tell you that.
So I'm not even going to give her a total.
We know that with this proves though yeah.
What's that nothing?
Oh I'm not going to give her total.
If you want to see it go online and look at it okay and laugh yourself silly.
Phil Henry 75.
Jim Manage 47.
Rick and Suds 40.
George Rodriguez 29.
Farrell.
I actually surprised Rose when he got 19.
See how the short attention span and short memory of this audience is astounding.
How about Bob Laster who's got 19.
He's been off the air for six years and off the air and saw a photo.
You've been talking about him lately so.
Yeah but he's been away.
I see so we don't talk about Farrell.
Get out of here.
I just played that crappy together bit today for quite a lot.
You're making excuses man.
I think he was all bluster mostly.
I don't think he was.
Yeah a lot of bluster although a beast likes him a lot because he shares fears with him.
Like for the 19 Hank Goldberg 16 Jeff De Flores 9 Mike Winery 9 I want to give a few of these.
I'm all Howard David at seven Ron and Ron seven after that it's really small potato so far.
Dan LeBasser's got three and Luke Shambie's got what for.
How do you like that?
Anybody else of interest?
Who's got none?
Ernie Sochin?
There's no S on the end of Ernie Sochin by the way.
That's a fact.
You know it's my bad I should've told you Debbie Ellis that cow surely Peter is another cow.
Drew Michaels with a crow Joyce Kaufman Norma Kent no votes Norma Lee Fowler Sunny Fox and Sandy Payton.
All of got the big although they all are rock solid and work.
But this is a lot of fun today.
I don't know a lot of work too.
Yeah.
I wait till you hear what movie is leading to Golden Globes.
I'll give you one hint.
Gay.
Where you know that alright?
Oh that cowboy movie.
Oh there just be raven about it.
I wonder how they broke their back.
Had something to do with their rectum.
27th past noon at QA M.
Dry concepts is going strongly.
We have been telling about them for the last 100 years.
And I've used it in my home for about 21 plus years now.
They are the best when it comes to cleaning your carpets.
And with the holidays here it's time to make the call to have your home completely sanitized.
Not just your carpets the whole deal.
Dry concepts also specialize in a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, grapefruit cleaning.
Or you ever rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet-ordered treatments, mattress cleaning,
to get rid of those nasty, biting dust mites and lots more.
And during this month, during December, dry concepts got a special offer
that will keep you sleeping like a baby.
Maybe that baby that the chicken Atlanta is going to have.
No matter how clean your home is, it's almost impossible to get rid of dust mites.
And you also know that dust mites, Georgia, are the number one cause of allergies.
Aha.
So do yourself and your family a big favor.
Get rid of those dust mites today by calling dry concepts.
Don't forget now whether it's your carpeting, your poultry, leather furniture, drapey, or in a rug.
So this month's special dust mite cleaning.
The only company you want to be calling is dry concepts.
But even around a long time, all the others have come and gone.
They're still going strong.
And I still use them all the time.
And the only company you ought to think about using, they could be written guaranteed price
up front before they start doing their spectacular job.
In Dave Broward in the Palm Beach is called Dry Concepts Tool Free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the Wicked Web, log on to dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 Q-A-L.
Radiance, dumb as dirt.
WQA app is proud to bring you the WQA app School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-1-0 and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
So you want me to work for yourself?
A work?
A work just a work just now.
Yes.
So you're working for yourself.
You're new to me.
New rules, new rules.
New rules, new rules.
No, that rules, it's new rules.
New rules, new rules.
How to take you out of the door?
You need help.
Here we have the new rules begin with course.
We, we, we, we.
The feed-after meme, man.
We, we, we, we.
We, we, we, we.
We, we, we, we.
We, we, we, we, we.
We, we, we, we.
Over here we have the assessor of the giveaway world.
We, we, we, we.
Please leave me with it.
Get rid of the cars.
We're gonna do it.
Who's right now?
Repeat it to me.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
Repeat it.
And over here we have the highest number of participants.
Ah, ah, and I'll put you a bookstool and pages for things.
You, you, you, you have to mean.
And, ah, ah, ah.
No, that's what I want to repeat.
Oh, okay.
And, ah, ah.
And over here, and over here.
And over here, and over here.
And over here in this world, this world, this world, this world, this world, this world.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Oh, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WKLN School of Broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to
make your wet radio dreams come to you.
I mean a one-quam clue.
With a little error.
Pro 34 QM, so anyway, during the break, and I've been checking on Oblabo's blog ever
since we got the facts on Friday.
That's what he's about.
There wasn't a big report enough, but he said.
And there was not a new one on here today.
So during the break, I thought, well, maybe he's got something on here.
Had nothing to do with me because I figured the last person he's going to write about
is me because I would be like crediting me with whatever.
And I don't really need that.
Right.
I'm getting a nice fat paycheck twice a month.
I don't need that.
But now he writes this one.
And I'm like the rest of the blog, which is all written in like normal type.
This is in bull-dark black type.
You know, there's something genuinely wrong with a guy who checks in here numerous times
today to see if I respond to his petty-randing somewhere else.
I mean, come on, Nelson.
How many readers do you think I have from Toronto?
Oh.
Isn't that choice?
It was sort of a six-year-old.
It was the penpal relationship.
Maybe I actually got a chat room together.
Oh, that's it.
Yeah, we started speaking in each other from the chat room.
So he's checking the domain report to see how many times I'm checking it because obviously
it's giving him a vicarious thrill.
So just like the Randy, you know, that's going on with a creeping in a pool.
All the other underlings, all the other klingons, the people who ripped off all are part
of my act over the years.
Now they are.
They all still gravitate back toward here.
This is still the center of the universe.
You know what you could do is you know those little birds that dip into the water glass and
then back up.
Yeah.
One of those in front of your keyboard hitting the refresh button like every 30 seconds.
Oh, yeah.
You're going to get a lot of hits from Toronto, baby.
I mean, how many listeners do you think I have in Toronto?
I actually do have a few.
We get effects every now and then as you know.
And of course the Nelson thing I got from it, he should put Neil because then then people
to read that might have a real good idea who that is.
That is choice.
Well, blah, blah.
Thanks for saving my life through your death.
And now I feel even more vindicated about what I said before.
So and this is probably going to save him a lot of money.
Okay, make his final days at least less desperate financially because now he won't be playing
anywhere near as much online poker.
He'll be listening to the show online and the price is right.
It's free.
Is that choice or what?
That's an addition to which he see if I would respond to my petty ratings and he does.
He does.
That was the one I expected.
Huh?
Exactly.
What does he think that is?
I'll show you.
I have a Toronto whatever.
For his son.
Anyway, I'm here and he's there and that's good.
I'm here and you're there and who did more for talk radio, Bob Lasseter or Ernie
and Abyss is just just being a means because even though who any of these people are anyway.
So it's just funny though.
Is it really?
That was it.
I almost interrupted the spots.
I was so blown away by that.
That was just incredible.
I've never I have sold them in my life ever seen anything so so typical and indicative
of what we're dealing with here.
You know, go back and play your poker.
Don't worry.
In fact, I thought the reason that you put a blog on there is because you want people
to read it.
In addition to what you put up whoever sent us that fax on Friday who has never
provided away sent on their fax from Lakeland and listens online that had to be like instigated.
What do you think?
I'm sure he'll respond to that statement there on his blog.
No, no, no.
I want one.
The nerves that he would think that I would put someone up to contacting him.
I love you.
It's a blog war.
Blog war.
What an ego that man has.
Oh man.
See this is what happened and how many times have we talked on this show about Lasseter
in the last like five years?
Maybe he can count them on his fingers or one hand, right?
What's the one we get?
Maybe guy and a West Coast or something like that.
But it's, you know, whatever comes, he comes out like out of sight out of mind.
A guy has been in the business for six years, even before he got deathly ill and whatever.
And ordinarily, I don't wish anybody any bad health no matter how much.
There are three people in the world I would make an exception for in that.
Wishing somebody bad health.
Okay.
Okay.
One of them is him and the other two will be unmanshable.
One of whom is unmanshable and the other one is...
Okay.
I think he got him down to a science.
No, I think I did.
George knows him.
I got it.
Oh, I'm bigger part.
I got it.
You got at least two of them anyway.
I know.
Okay.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality show in the last 25 years is Randy
Rhodes Freep, now with that asterish nice to it, 205.
Come on.
Let's get 50,000 on there.
Then we might believe it, huh?
Oh, God, this is hysterical.
You see, what did I always tell you about ego?
When you're working this market, you cannot have an ego.
The only time I ever had an ego and it was ridiculous.
I'm embarrassed by it was when I was at W.S. News.
And I had the first time I got the big book and I had a 10 share, you know.
And here like I was like the center of the radio universe.
I inherited the Alan Courtney nighttime audience, most over the age of 100, but nevertheless.
And I had these huge numbers.
And I kept them for a long time.
So at that point, everybody that was on a weekend, I'd be in the car, maybe on a way to
Pompidopark and there'd be a little Mike Spindell.
Oh, how come we left Mike Spindell out of it?
Let's get him on too.
Who?
Mike Spindell.
Two whales.
Breaking news on CNN.
Have a good morning.
Breaking news on CNN.
Gerald Ford taking the hospital for Testant, California.
Oh, I hope this is his face.
I don't, anyway.
Uh, get in there.
Now what was I just going to say about Mike Spindell?
And being the car, he'd be saying, well, you know what, Neil says.
And of course, though, I would just give it.
Yeah, keep talking about Neil, you know, whatever I say.
Yeah, it'd be a parrot.
And of course, over the years, I had so many parrots.
It's like, had old flock of them.
Repeating everything I'd say, doing my style, hanging up on a caller's a bitch and out
old people that up like that.
Heal in your float.
Yeah.
Steal my material.
I like that thing about old people.
In fact, if you read about some of the last-order stuff on the, you know, on the various other websites,
uh, well, you know, his, uh, unique style of attacking old people and dealing with
the callers.
It was nothing unique about it.
It was all a rip.
But which is fine.
You know, he's not the first one who did that.
But all of a sudden, he's got, and I can understand, I'd be cranky too if I had my foot amputated.
And my vision was going and my days were numbered.
You know what I'm saying?
Would you be cranky?
That's why we're cranking there.
Like old cranky matanki.
So what did I, what are we doing here?
Henry 84, Mandage 57, Sudson Rick 47, George, little George, you got 33.
You're kicking ass for Ralph 24, Bob Lasseter 24.
See that, Bob?
We're resurrecting your name.
We're bringing it back to life again.
Uh, Hank over 19, Jeff DeForest 10, Micronary 10, Mohawar, Data, Data, Data, Data, 8, Ron
and Ron 7, Eddie K6, Herman and McFiend 6, Danny LeBassard 5, Big Wilson 5, and on down
from there.
Who's gotten none?
That's what they like.
Mike Spindell, well, he just went on their poor little Mike.
So, good guy Mike Spindell, but horrible on the air.
Don't you want to have a good time?
No, there's nobody listening Mike.
That's why I got no calls.
Don't you want to have a good time doing his trivia?
Ernie Sochin, WL Assurly Peter's Drew Michaels, Drew Z.
How you doing, Drew Z?
You going to back on here anytime soon?
No.
Joyce Kaufman, Norma Kent Lee, Fowler, 75th Sannypain, have all got the big.
Oh!
Norma Kent's ego will be wounded forever.
This is me, Roger.
Oh, this is 5.62 AF.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but you can spot the fat one.
Who's that man on him the morning?
It's 6 to 10 on S U N.
He's the guy who makes down bellowies cry.
He likes to think he's known the one blah, blah.
He's bigger than the first blah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
He plays the songs that make you sleepy.
He steals material from you.
Absolutely.
He gives the time and the weather's looking fine.
His eyes have played the song again.
Blah, blah.
He's bigger than the first blah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
Let's make the son our sister station.
And bring the blood in here today.
If the clap man could use another kid.
He'd have more boring songs to play.
Blah, blah.
He's bigger than the first blah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
He's bigger than the first blah, blah.
His eyelids are the most blah, blah.
The biggest man in radio today.
He plays the songs that make you sleepy.
Come on, 49.
Now, whatever you do, don't respond to my rantings.
How can you know that there were any rantings?
That same person that you said you the facts?
Blah, blah, blah.
Prosecutors can subpoena.
Illegally bought painkillers.
Judge David F Crow.
I wonder if he's kind of our Crow.
Maybe.
Rule that Florida laws do not prevent doctors from talking with prosecutors if the discussion is relevant to the prosecution of a crime.
You know, like doctor shopping.
The decision gave prosecutors permission to subpoena doctors and their staff.
But it also protected confidential material in the law's medical records.
The judge noted that Florida law prohibits the discussion of a patient's medical condition and information disclosed by a patient during treatment.
Prosecutors and attorney Fordlin Ball both said they benefited from the ruling.
The court allows us to proceed within the constraints of President Law said Mike Edmundson, a spokesman for the State Attorney in Palm Beach County and Roy Black,
Raw Fadass, Russia's attorney said in a statement that the decision upheld our argument that the state cannot reach Dr. Patient confidentiality just because it's obtained some medical records black said.
And he had the audio, the audio, the partridge in the poetry.
And he's still on the years to make an audience and still spot in a bunch of bull crap.
And I wouldn't be surprised to build a Hillary vote just kill a whole bunch of people while we weren't looking.
When you think of course, okay, let's get back to his golden globes.
Always did like those golden globes me to not necessarily the same ones broke back mountain.
Oh my God, the story of two male cowboys grappling with their love.
They were grappling more than with just their love.
Grapping with their love for each other.
I haven't seen anything because I beg your pardon.
I said how the gold was the top golden glow.
I still can't get over that thing I just saw.
It reminds me of Jack Buck in the World Series that maybe the Beastrimers.
I can't believe what I just saw.
Yeah, of course.
And I can't believe what I just saw.
I just can't deal with it.
Actually, I was like taking an interest.
I was like fascinating reading this stuff.
And of course, also the fact that it and heaven, I said how many times a hundred times in the last three shows that this is not so much on Friday.
But yesterday today that by vicariously getting involved in this whole thing,
it kind of like gave me a wake up call and saving my life from meeting all that ice cream and crap and killing myself with my diabetes.
It's a positive thing, okay?
Your audience.
It's just a send him a thank you card.
That's right from Toronto.
Broke back mountain, the story of two male cowboys grappling with their love.
I think you had a good idea about putting that little woodpecker thing on here and just tamping out a...
You got 7,000 responses on your domain report from Toronto, eh?
Oh, broke back mountain.
I'll get through this sooner or later.
Picking up seven nominations, including best dramatic picture was also nominated for best director, Angelie.
Eng.
I was just going to say that.
Not.
What else did Ang Lee do?
Prof. Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
Oh, big deal.
Best actor in a drama, Heath Ledger, and Best Supporting Actress in a drama, Michelle Williams, as well as Best Screen...
Oh, Heath Ledger.
He was in whatever we just liked.
Oh, well, what's your call?
Monsters Ball.
Monsters Ball.
Monsters Golden Globe.
As well as Best Screen play Best Original Score, Best Original Song.
Good night and good luck to you, constant gardener.
History of violence and max point also nominated for best dramatic picture.
Good night and good luck to you, as the admiral thing.
The nominations came a day after a broke back mountain woman,
New York Film Critics Circles Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor Ledger Awards.
How do you like that?
All right.
Now, here's the list.
Do you want to go through the list?
Why the hell not?
It's the list of nominees.
Oh, this is the Golden Globes.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Huh?
I don't count for nothing.
No.
Russell Crowe's into Releman.
Oh, it's perhaps even more hop than Capote.
You know, is that will be actually out yet?
It must be.
No idea.
I don't know.
But in any rate, if it is, yeah, I think it's shown right now.
I think I saw a spot for a given.
One thing about Philip Seymour Hoffman, I do like him a lot, as you know, but...
Yeah.
He always looks like he's playing the same character.
Right.
Well, have you seen the previews, the spots for Capote?
No, no.
Now, he wasn't a little bit different in...
He was in Cold Mountain, that Civil War movie with Jude Law.
Didn't see it.
And he played kind of a Southern Minister.
He was with Long Hell.
Oh, so he's a little bit different than that.
Well, no, actually not really, because in...
In the tale that Mr. Ripley, Freddie was a totally different character.
That's true.
And I take that back.
Hey, Freddie, don't look at that statue up too late.
And anyway, I think it was just a coincidence that Matt Damon just played that character in the movie.
Because he just got married and there's rumors that his wife is pregnant by somebody, probably not him, but nevertheless.
So at any rate, yeah, I like Philip Seymour Hoffman a lot.
The Capote thing, I mean, Tramikapani, who wrote in Cold Blood, he does a really great job in...
At least in a clip that I saw.
But then you got the gay cowboy movie.
I think maybe Pat Robertson and Jerry Falberg had a point.
The whole world is turning gay.
You see that?
That's it.
Yeah.
I think it's a fag conspiracy, if he asked me.
And believe me, I should know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
How come we have another fags from that guy in Lakeland again?
See, that would like straighten it all out.
I think it...
You know what it reminds me of?
What?
What was the phony name that the fat boys buddy was using on those fags for a while?
Which day?
No, no, you didn't...
I didn't know if you knew it still seemed more hot than from the airport.
Fair point in New York, a suburb of Rochester, baby, alright.
Absolutely, alright.
And you'll be pleased to know that we're already up to minus eight degrees here at Celsius,
which is about, I don't know, about 12 or 13 plus, not too bad.
You can't take the ferry over there to back in Fort anymore, I understand.
No, they won't let you take them anymore.
Have a good day, Billy.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, I don't...
I think they...
Was I saying that on the euro as I just told somebody that day?
They think they closed down the ferry.
Well, first of all, I do believe that during some part of the winter time, at least,
Lake Ontario freezes...
I really don't know, I shouldn't say that, I'm not sure whether it freezes over.
But who at this time of the year, at this God for a second time of the year,
wants to hop on the old ferry and go from Rochester to Toronto or back to a ride, especially,
who wants to go to Rochester.
And lie, locks aren't looking too good this time of the year.
There you go, Philip, see more hot than this from Fair Point New York, alright.
How about you ain't never been in Fair Point?
Nope.
Too late.
You missed the good stuff.
Well, I did talk a lot about it.
Of course, you missed all the good stuff.
Like in Boston, you missed the Princess Pagetti House.
Oh, I should...
Oh, sorry.
Now, when did you live there?
From 76 to 94.
Now, again, it's a Pagetti House.
Oh, four of them in business then.
And Wednesday is Prince Pagetti night.
Oh, well, no, but Prince Pagetti also was there.
Yeah, they had a restaurant.
They had a whole chain of restaurants.
Yeah, they had every...
Like, a hundred different kinds of spaghetti, with sausage, with meatballs, with both...
That's what they call the Prince Grotto, was that...
Oh, man.
And Jo and Nemo's...
Yeah, for the subs, and Briggums for the ice cream.
Oh, he has a high-pitched sound.
I used to get raspberry lime rickies.
He's gonna die with a big smile on his face.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 am.
Oh, this guy's morale.
And when I'm up in Belkettika, slapping all women with painted lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
Yeah, I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers hair and balance one to two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
This is my wife.
She wants gifts galore.
Though my bank account's there, these are my jeans.
Want what I can't afford after the year so soon.
They're just a season.
Christmas is the year, not for a while.
And you're every size of budget on the day.
Plays on the day, on all the days.
You'll be over spending some day anyway.
Or have a say, I got a say.
Shopping has this quality for that small IA.
And I got a say.
For everything on my own way.
I'm dying off a hand.
102, it's our gigantic humongous, flaming one and two hour.
Moe Howard, David, coming up at two.
Mad Dog, 4630, in that Panther stuff.
Nashville at the Macarena, NNDK, follows the hockey, the hockey game.
Panther's couldn't win a fish game these days.
It's kind of a shame.
Watch that franchise kind of disappear.
Big bulletin' in man from Palm Beach.
Deal ready?
Ready.
Which I'm sure you neither one of you could care less about.
A judge declared a mistrial today in the lawsuit by promoters claiming that Venus and Serena Williams
were unique on a deal to play in a proposed 2001 battle with the sexes of endagants, male tennis players.
Oh no.
Palm Beach Circuit judge Jeffrey Whitacoff granted a motion for a mistrial made by John Romano,
attorney for promoters, Carol Clark and Keith Rhodes after Keith Rhodes, after almost three weeks
of testimony in her lawsuit, it wasn't immediately clear whether or not the case would be turned
to court.
Mistrial.
Here's another fact that just came in.
Oh, I see, I get the facts as I start and I keep thinking it's going to be from Lyle.
I mean, from somebody a day from Lakeland, right?
Right.
Carolin, one of our regular facts to say, my dad was from Hamilton, Ontario.
How's it going, Carolin, A?
My great-grandfather, Hamilton, by the way, is a horrible place.
All right.
Right, it feels like.
Luckily, there's a bypass that chops off the West-Ass end of Lake Ontario when you drive it
and I recall falls from Toronto.
And the bypass was by the city, but you can see across the lake, you see all the smoke stacks.
It's an industrial town.
I would say about the size of Rochester, three, four hundred thousand people.
All right.
And really smelly and not much.
And anyway, my great-grandfather, drowned while driving his horse-pulled carriage across Hamilton Bay,
when the ice broke so that people did drive on the bay and it did freeze.
Well, how do you like to have?
What's better, it doesn't freeze no more?
I don't know.
I mean, Lake Ontario is a gigantic lake.
Well, you've been on it.
Oh, you swam across it.
Yeah, right.
I saw a picture of it.
Yeah.
So they stopped the ferry going from Rochester to Toronto.
So I guess I can't go to Rochester, no more.
Since no more down-and-bombs, I have no reason to go back there anyway.
In addition to what you don't have to eat to bun, last time I went to Toronto, Bob,
I had a great cheeseburger with onions and nice big slice of onion and pickle and no bun.
I mean, I didn't eat to bun.
So you understand, Beast, you can still enjoy some good stuff.
You just have to learn to add, you can set up a little bit.
I mean, every little bit can help.
You understand?
We're trying desperately to save your fat ass.
I'm not sure why, but we're trying.
I'm with you.
We like to keep you around because you're amusing.
There are some people who don't like to eat more.
For amusement's sake.
I'm sure you can relate to that.
Yeah, but we like the Beast.
Speak to yourself George.
No, we like the Beast, but I mean, why there's an implication there.
See what I'm saying?
Well, shot.
Another little shot.
Always stirring it up.
Somebody, a very invoke of facts, is a letter to the editor from today's Bob Beach Post,
retaliate for the stripping of Christ from Christmas, Raymond and Boiton Beach, right?
So they're not going to waste my time reading this letter.
So a lot of you people are like puppets, you know?
They get on Fox News and they create this.
See, this is called, they would call it Wagon the Dog, but that's an old movie now.
So, you know, during the Clinton days, they were calling it that.
But now it's called changing the subject is what I call it.
We got all these people dying in Iraq.
They got no idea how to how to get out.
They find it is all based on a pack of lies.
You know, all these indictments against just about everywhere public and it was ever invented.
But let's change the subject, shall we?
Let's talk about stripping the Christ from Christness.
And the fact that we can't say Merry Christmas no more.
Right.
So, very right to the bottom of this horrible letter.
Could you do me a favor on my behalf?
Please publicly thank all your boy listeners for putting your couple of years like us to stay here.
And that have a toast to the gas chambers as the founding fathers intended.
Thanks and happy to Lucas's Raymond, also happy for us.
Thanks a lot, happy, uh, generic holidays.
Very.
How do you like that?
Yeah, all they got to do is like, you know, is pull the strings, blow the whistle, whatever, right away.
They're all like the flamingos that highly, you know, they're all goose step in the line.
And whatever you say in yadi, yadi, yadi, and Bill or Robby said this and they all, it's like, oh for it's the same thing.
If anybody doubts how Hitler succeeded, it's not that difficult.
If you got a good line of BS man, look at that freaking doctor Phil.
Oprah gets on here and tells 30 million American women at the doctor Phil knows something.
And he's like for real.
He's legit and all of a sudden he's a star.
He's making millions biggest fraud that ever came down to Pike.
In fact, even even at Kevin Chudo, I have more respect for.
When his phone he asked book about how you better sleep on a steel bed or whatever, a bunch of crap.
Randy Rhodes free.
I enjoy looking at that.
You know, I'm not sure which I enjoy looking at more of that or that other thing.
I might just go back to that again.
Although I then he'll see another hit from Toronto.
Oh man.
Oh, there's a lot of hits here.
Believe me, all it hits all the time.
Other than Neil Rogers, my favorite local radio personality last 25 years,
were we doing this if you join us late?
We had like 1667 votes originally.
Then we realized we left off for well.
And a host of other hosts, host of host of host, the host master.
The host master, Mr. Royars, is not supposed to give you his opinion.
Yeah, that was undoubtedly new.
It was some one of your people.
The host master, isn't it?
Yeah, Mr. Royars.
Oh, look at that.
There's a, oh, gee, I'd like to find him.
He's the one who disappeared on the Mediterranean cruise.
Where is he?
Oh, not that good.
Anyway.
Oh, yeah, I got to still.
Let me forget the stories about the cruises.
In fact, here they are in my pile.
I'll get to them momentarily.
In my scroll, human cells after injections.
I think pretty soon we're going to have mice being bored off.
So some of the people in the Robert Creeper better watch it.
He'll be here forever.
Oh, yeah.
He must have the naked pictures, you know what?
Yeah, I have them.
I don't want to say of what?
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality, Randy Rhodes creeped.
I wouldn't even give you the number.
It's too embarrassing.
It's silly.
Phil Henry 102, Jim Mandage 65, Sudson Rick 56, George Rodriguez 39, Bob Lasseter 28,
Pharrell 24, The Humber 24.
Jazz McKay 17, Mohawar David did did 12.
Jeff DeForest in my cranberry tie, 10 apiece.
Herman McBean 9, Ron and Ron 8.
The booster's got 7.
The booster, 8EK 7.
Big Wilson 6, Dan LeVastor 5, only 5, Danny Boy.
Craig Worthing 5, Joy Reynolds 5, Joe Rose 4.
Don Cox 4, Rick Shaw 4, Alice Randtele 4.
Now, in the whole first, the 1700s, Alice only had a pair and then somebody mentioned that
fruitcake was on here the other day at Tupi's execution and right away, he's got four now.
Alice at the palace.
Bill Carter 4, Lennie Martes 3, the big O's got three, Roba Young 3, he's still in that motel.
Steve Cain 3, Jerry Witsner 3, Ellen Berk 3, good guy, Ellen Berk.
Which I know, you know something?
I really wish I would have gotten to know him, you know?
Ellen Berk?
You got to be a really good guy, huh?
Ellen Berk?
I told you after I had not stroked that time, he called me at home out of the blue, I couldn't believe it.
Very legitimately concerned about how I was feeling and if I was okay, he was a good guy.
Well, good.
On here was all stick and of course I shouldn't know that, but Tom Likus 2, Kimba Bo camper 2,
Geldie Geldstein's got a pair, Stan Major 2.
Hey Stan, that too grand, ought to be worth about 50th million now.
Mike Spindell 1, you don't want to have a good time, come on, let's do some trivia.
Alex Bennett 1, Joseph Gackie 1, the Crow has got 1, Larry Kent's got 1, rest in a big piece.
But I must have had a big casket for him.
Jerry Williams 1, also dead, Greg V. L1, Dave Caprita 1, Lee Fowler 1, rest in the piece, Bill Tanner 1,
Alan Courtney 1, Bill Smith 1, Sandy Payne 1, and none yet out of 794, 754.
For Ernie Sochin, Debbie Ellis, Drew Michaels, Joyce Kaufman, Norma Carter, Sunny Fox.
I thought Sunny Fox was doing pretty well the first time around.
They must have had some phone evotes.
He had 15.
Oh maybe they're voting for Ernie this time.
Oh no, she had no shortage the first time around, believe me.
WCYM, creep central, hello.
I need a turn.
Okay, I said creep, not creep, I said creep central, not creep. He must have understood.
And see now I know it's not right yesterday because he called and I thought that you were doing the voice.
We thought that all along there really is no run that we knew you were doing the voice.
He had a side phone there cranking on the side phone.
WCYM, hello.
Hello, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, how about Davey Gravy line?
How about Davey Gravy line?
Yeah, we'll get him on there.
Thanks.
I could tell you interesting.
I won't.
Now I have no problem with him.
We've ended our fences.
Well, I told you the reason that he and I had a little problem along the way.
And I was a KIT, he was producing my show.
And he went in.
When the kid lived in, put me on instead of three to six from two to six, he expanded Craig in my show.
It's Craig went from noon to three.
I was on three to six.
Then at a very minimal 50-buckle week increase, Craig was 10 to two hours two to six because we had the only numbers on the station.
And they were still all old.
So Davey Gravy line had that show what that was called like a home improvement at your service.
That's what it is.
That's your disservice from like 10 to noon.
So once the hours expanded for me and Craig, I was the end of the red at your service with Davey Gravy line.
So he was still my producer.
And he's up there.
And at the KIT, you couldn't see the phones ringing.
You could only see when your producer put the calls to you.
And they would all be blinking on hold.
But when the phones were ringing, you couldn't see him.
So he was the one that put it to you.
He put it to me and the operator too.
And so I'm sitting there in the afternoon every now and then.
And I'm not getting any calls.
And so I had a spy, Sam, the production man who went upstairs.
And he started lines over and off.
And he's not putting any through it.
So I went nuts on here.
And I said, if my producer would decide to put the calls through it.
Because you're sitting there and you're ranting and raving.
You know how that goes.
And you think there's no calls coming in.
And so then he picks up.
We had like a bad line.
You could pick up and talk to your producer.
There.
Is that better?
Click and all like that.
So we had like a little fall.
You know, like he blamed me for what the hell that I have to do with it.
He shows suck.
He talked about how you get rid of cockroaches and how to clean your back home pain and so whatever.
And it was a tear in the service.
But then what I really forget to rest of the story about how we kind of like at IOD.
Did he, did he work at IOD one time or what was the dealer?
Did he get a show and he worked there?
I think he did news and, um, and had a show in the weekend.
I'm not sure.
Well, we became, I wouldn't say the best to friends, but we met at our friends and he's just fine.
He's okay.
When you agree, he was just fine here.
And he got married to a young lady who had a family already made for him.
113 at 560 WQA.
And it's that fantastic time of the year.
Merry Christmas by the way.
And happy Chanooka.
But if you hit the crowded malls, long registered lines, parking hassles and crazy, crazy shoppers.
Here's a good idea for you.
Make your gift getting a lot easier this year for you and your loved ones by giving a dollar mattress gift certificate.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dollar mattress gift certificate and any denomination and a brand new bed makes a sensational gift that lasts them for years.
When you call 1-800 mattress, you choose from a series, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Sterns and Foster Hewitt and Tempura Ptick II.
Maybe a suffer some water damage from the hurricane.
Or maybe you need a bed for those last minute uninvited holiday guests, whatever you're a delima, call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same day delivered from 8 in the morning till 10 to 9.
Oh, by the way, last year I also stole the battle of the Tofshow host from me in Tampa.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Okay.
And also, uh, Mr. Ego did the same on the light bulb.
Call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same day delivered from 8 in the morning till 10 p.m.
You picked it in time for delivery to fit your schedule.
Dialometrics is part of the record and the autobi of being on time, 9-9.7% of the time, which is one of the reasons why they're ranked number one in the world.
In customer satisfaction.
I've been shopping dialometrics for years and you want to do the same easy thing before those guests arrive.
Just reach over and pick up that instrument and the phone to call 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com.
1-800 MATTR ES, leave off the last S because it stands for.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 A.
Where's the baby gravy lives?
There's no cheese or light behind the car.
Go down the block of houses or DACA.
We are wishing we will question on this is on the bus in the right children.
4-800 MATTR, we light light when the center be committed in light.
All we get to light is on the door a date of bench Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a Torah.
Like the window of white.
All we get to light is on the door a date of bench Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a Torah.
Like the window of white.
We don't know when Hanah gets happening.
What is the date?
Are we too late?
You can almost hear them go.
Now come on.
What are we supposed to do?
But you think it seems to get gifts when we only pay wholesale?
All we get to light is on the door a date of bench Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a Torah.
Like the window of white.
All we get to light is on the door a date of bench Christmas in the Torah.
Our holiday is really such a Torah.
Like the window of white.
All right.
Who's my little killer stick?
My killer stick.
Light it up with every night.
I don't use it very comic book.
comic book.
Is the festival of light.
My daughter never gonna quit.
Do the litus.
It is wonderful.
Fire a fire.
I can celebrate.
And I'll contribute.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
you and see, thatescredin' I even have read master's a beating point after that MyITals again eventually disappeared play somer'sficion
ended in his front where you'll cry and celebrate I like associate two Oillo eo weary oin Hey, my better?
my I know a thing?
nothing is better, what do you like better?
I think the second one you want me to.
20 pass here on the little equal time for the years there. Happy Chanooka by the way.
So I sneak that one in there on you. How do you like that? Happy fishable and happy silkhouse tour. How do you like that?
Pretty sneaky. Thank you. All you for business going about there one.
I said that's pretty sneaky. You and your agenda.
Yeah, I got the Jewish agenda.
Look at that. I just want to sit here all afternoon because you know I have nothing else to do but keep going on these websites.
Yeah. See, I hate to break the news to anybody but I'm sitting here like my computer is like my brand new nice small size HP computer.
I told you about this one today. Yes you did. This is really nifty. You're like Google.
I've seen the newer smaller buy. It is really sensational. It's got all the speed and the power and all these things but the big clunky ones but it's small.
You see you're you see you're mounted right on top of it. Right.
It's a beautiful thing and I got my mouse in my hand right now. It's a matter of you just clicking refresh on that blog. Continue.
I have it but that is something to think about. They should have an auto refresh.
When you stuff like when I was a guy look you know the ironic part of the whole thing is that the guy in Lakeland if there is really such a person and I notice there's no other facts.
But what he did is he out and all I but I still have to look at it from the positive side because if he never would have fast.
I've been eating crap over the weekend. I might be dead right now. I look at all this attention.
I haven't really seen or thought about the Larry had any idea what was going on with him in a long long time and like if if I were down there and if he would have called me up on a weekend said how many town let's do lunch or something like that.
I wouldn't have had a problem with that not that that was going to happen. You see what I'm saying. What he said it was there wasn't like any deep sea the hostility.
But it's just like every like I've told you before all you got to do is look at somebody cross eyed and right away all but I mean but I'm like with Randy it's the same thing.
This will get back to her again about the creeping on a pole which maybe she had nothing to do with it which is most likely but but you know some of her insecure people.
Oh he's ripping me on the end he's doing this and I they all out of the crap. You know her when I jappy crap.
Yeah you know she I'm happy for her actually I really am because she told Bob Green to stuff and I'm glad that she finally made you know made it big.
Although I'm dubious how much money she's making but nevertheless you know she's on nationwide official would have on nationwide we could have been contenders man we could kick some serious ass but there's no point in crime over spilled milk but it's never going to happen instead of just bumps.
Huh instead of just bumps. Yeah instead of being just like bombs like we are now.
I understand what we could have done but it's not going to happen because I got a you know a frustrated wannabe ball player screamer for an agent is a good guy but you know and that's it.
I got the most mismanaged career in history and I'm still doing pretty good I got no complaints none zero.
The sun is shining it's all the way up to minus eight Celsius which I'm sure is like at least double digits Fahrenheit like 12 13 degrees whatever and it's fine.
You dress for it tomorrow's Wednesday it's would by and day into the week I go on vacation what's not to like and of course when I'm on vacation you know the good part of it all over Europe what they have on these Internet cafes.
Mm hmm. Yeah everyone not just in Europe but I mean they have a lot of you can hit the blogs.
Oh yeah right I'm going to check every day because I want to make sure that I don't miss a thing.
Boy you're going to be generating some domain report you could yeah you could creep some other talk show.
Yeah how many listeners you got in Europe blah blah.
Oh no he's checking it again.
Cruise passengers still lost at sea.
The US Coast Guard was not asked by the himmian authorities on Monday to help continue with the search for a Canadian woman who may have followed off a cruise ship near Nassau.
Canadian authorities are leading the investigation said Lynn Martinstein a spokesman for Royal Caribbean cruises.
It's Lynn Martinstein.
Hi.
Jill Bagora remember the story of Beast we had to say about the gosh and Bagora.
Yeah Jill Bagora 59 was still reported missing by her husband one movie.
I'm on Saturday. I mean she's still missing now Coast Guard aircraft and the himmian naval forces search the waters off Nassau.
Bahamas yesterday Sunday Bagora had not been found by last night.
The Royal Caribbean cruise ship that Bagora and her husband were traveling on the jewel of the seas which had sailed from four-large aile.
Talk to Nassau about 11.30 Saturday morning.
Bagora's husband said last time he saw her was around nine o'clock Saturday morning.
Bagora did not use her ID card to get off the ship in Nassau.
She said.
So if she didn't get off the ship she's missing and maybe she just went for a little swim or something like that.
Maybe she did like a Natalie Wood.
Huh?
Possible?
Yeah.
Or?
Well as a matter of fact because I've been screaming about this for a long time I'm begging you.
Not that I care one way or the other.
I mean it's those sort of off of my federal pimpley ass but do not waste your money on these cruises.
Now I don't want to hear that the beast likes and we already decide where to go.
Best vacation ever.
You see what I mean about him?
Like I said I hope you have 14 meals today.
I hope you eat so much that you were explored but wait till Thursday.
You're not on the mar with us right?
No you get shy, Tom.
Well you can talk about the Gaza strip.
Oh Thursday.
And we can talk about killing Palestinians.
Uh Thursday you can come on and like explode on here.
In fact George can arrange it.
All these people can bring in food.
We'll have bread.
That's right.
We'll have all kinds of stuff from howies.
Everybody.
Everywhere that's ever brought in food will bring it in.
You can explode right on here or promote it.
Those little mini burgers those are good.
Yeah.
Well Wayne Arnold maybe he called us a couple weeks ago.
Right today two congressional subcommittees are holding a joint hearing on the subject of cruise ship disappearances and crimes that take force of a place of board of vessels.
MC Moe a reporter with the Jacksonville business journal spent six months tracking that information on cruise ship passengers who disappeared or went overboard and a loose of subject because most of them have an international waters or foreign jurisdictions.
She found 12 passengers since 2000 including five with the within the preceding year though the majority are believed to be suicides.
Anyone who looks over the rail of an ocean going ship knows you could disappear for every nose waters.
Clues suggest that a few hardly enough might be homicides.
Since then the number has grown to at least 17 including Jill Bagura.
Moe will be traveling to Washington to cover the hearing etc and so on.
Since her original story ran in June she keeps getting contacted about the subject.
She's heard from four TV news producers one family member of passengers and two guests on ships were in since occurred.
The hearing was called by representative Christopher Shays of Connecticut who knew George Allen Smith the fourth.
That's the guy that showed on the year before 26 year old honey mooner who is your line disappearance from other world care being vessels being investigated by the FBI.
He disappeared all day found blood in the cabin and the people in the cabin extor heard loud pounding and screaming and fighting going on over that and it was blood in the cabin.
He just disappeared.
It was an accident and somebody got hurt.
Right.
27 past 1 a QAM.
The MRO coach continues to be Florida's number one Asian girl maybe a phase ready by Zagat restaurant review.
This is not a place for people like the beast all that they tend to go there.
It will put you over the edge.
Anytime you go to a faith place you notice all the big gigantic people in it.
Not everybody but they they find it.
And now we'll be Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style.
And every night is crab fish with lask and still crab legs dungeon is crab and Jonas stone crabs.
The menu is of course still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and a sushi bar with over 30 counter.
Not third man.
Different items.
And the MRO coach serves delicious juicy succulent New York steaks cooked to your order the way you love them and hand card prime rib to.
Another weekends leave room for dessert at the MRO coach famous 40 inch chocolate fountain.
You can hand it your own strawberry as marshmallows other decadent treats just smear them in their man and go nuts.
And don't forget the MRO coach won't give you big headache like a lot of Chinese joints because they don't use any crap in a cooking no MSD no cornstarch.
They cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol free canola oil.
And by the way the MRO coach will be open Christmas Eve and Christmas day.
Three locations for either in sunrise sunny else.
Beats in Pembroke 5 please make reservations for Christmas Eve and day by calling 9 5 4 5 7 2 30 8 22 at a great place for a holiday feast.
A real pig at the MRO coach 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5 6 2 8.
Every time I pull out something eat but it's weak.
I can't do this because I'm Jewish and I can't even read me.
Yeah my rabbi said only my sir.
Any way you want me to eat it cold I heard it my sir.
Fun for your mother brother sister father my sir.
I am both for a lower copper box it's my sir.
My sir my sir.
Put it on your plate that's over.
So get your ass over from my padded pass over.
I'm the man flow of smoothie and I hope you understand it.
If you want the story of Passover and to take him in and start in Charlton Heston.
But I got a question about the bread that is unleavened causing indigestion called my sir.
Eat it for a week we got sir.
No bread no pot sir.
Let's believe it you a stupor.
Moses made the mocksuck when he was fleeing Egypt.
Had no time for bread to rise he said.
I just think that we can eat it like the seeded to the Hebrews.
But little did he know that the wheat would end up equal.
Cause let my people go and eat the ham from Genshinam.
Handsome maybe you will have your pastome.
How could one bread rocket so famous when the tape is the same flavor of the box it came in.
Maksa.
Eat it at once and no second guess in Maksa.
Even crumbs on my lap and chest and it's the Maksa.
I tell you I become it in my soul and test in Maksa.
Maksa.
Maksa.
Maksa.
Maksa.
Maksa.
You never had Maksa.
Maybe you should try it.
Be careful protein.
I'm keep going mess up your ass and try it.
People lag when my sandwich crack.
It ain't ever quiet.
The best place to enjoy Maksa is in private.
You eating tuna on Maksa.
No way you're looking cool.
It's been three days since I dropped the kids on the Hebrew school.
I like my Maksa sweet with butter and jam fondant.
But please, I respect you.
Don't put ham on it.
Don't be scared of the Maksa.
Nothing to be safe of.
Just think of it as a super-size reunion wafer.
What's major?
The Maksa.
Fuck Andy.
This Easter week.
For some reason we can't have corn sweeten or either.
So go ahead and eat it whether you wish or set it off.
And if you needed us movie, we'll keep you regular.
You never heard of you like this.
I surprise you.
The red might be flat, but this song is a riser.
Maksa.
When I'm lunch, I love a crunch from Maksa.
I love it a bunch, wash it down with punch.
Maksa.
This for lunch, I got a hunch it's Maksa.
Maksa.
Maksa.
That was brilliant, son.
Hip hop's William Hunt.
Love me on.
That's suburbanhomeboy.com.
Boy is no backwards backwards.
Boy.
I never really thought about that.
You always go backwards.
Yo, yo, yo.
Boy.
Oh!
26-0-2 at 5-60-WQ-A.
And Gallup Poll finds Americans' belief in God remains strong.
This is why there is no hope for the USA.
Unlike the European countries and unlike here, the religions have just been
nominated.
They've taken things over.
They're out of control.
Poim gone wild.
A new Gallup survey released today finds that four decades after the God is dead
controversy was first noted, Americans retain a strong belief in a higher power.
Oh, my God.
Some 94% think God exists.
Only 5% feel God does not exist, and even most of them are not sure of that.
Exactly 1% are certain there is no God.
But how strongly do the believers believe?
Nearly 8 in 10, the fact say they are convinced God exists, although Gallup does
nast them why that is.
There is only...
Deal God!
Conservatives are more likely to be convinced than liberals, 87% versus 61%.
Women are a little more likely than men, 82% versus 73%.
And residents of the South, of course, more likely to believe in those in the East
88% versus 70%.
Surprisingly, some 61% of those who seldom are never attend church are nevertheless
convinced that God exists.
Oh, let us fold our hands together and pray.
Sorry, how do I look?
How long must you share?
Can you shout out and I'm going to tell you all the A.M.
Let us do our barmissed film authors again and we will really dazzle these goi.
And what do you say?
Anyway, add another creation to these strange scientific menageries where animal species
are being mixed together and ever more exotic combinations.
Scientists in Oceastodate have created mice with small amounts of human brain cells
in an effort to get them in management right away before it is too late.
In an effort to make realistic models of neurological disorder such as Parkinson's disease
led by Fred Gage of the Salkin student San Diego, the research is created by injecting
about 100,000 human embryonic stem cells per mouse into the brains of 14 day old rodent embryos.
Those mice were each born with about one tenth of a percent of human cells
need to their haids, a trace amount that doesn't remotely come close to humanizing the rodents.
Well, why not?
Hey, they're working on it.
Yeah.
Maybe they're wrong when having a mouse run around and had like a human's head on it.
Like a Mickey.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, no.
Mickey didn't have a human head.
He had a mouse head.
But he walked around.
He was a mouse with like a real human head on it.
Like Joe Rose for example.
They have to be a strong mouse to carry a head around that heavy but nevertheless,
what a shame that we let him go.
You know, it's really a screw-up of all our plans.
Anyway, this illustrates that injecting human stem cells into mosfers doesn't restructure
the brain, Gage said.
Still, the ad works all the while like a nice piece of cheese every now and then don't
you?
Yeah.
Still the work has to the growing ethical concerns of mixing human and animal cells, what
comes to stem cell and cloning research.
After all, mice are 97.5% genetically identically humans.
I bet you didn't know that.
Yeah, I did actually.
Well, I did never.
At the beginning I didn't know that.
I did not know that.
Well, we just learned something.
I snore see.
The worry is if you humanize them too much, you cross certain boundaries to David Magnus
director of the Stanford Medical Board for Biomedical Ethics.
But I don't think this research comes even close to that.
Not yet.
Researchers are nevertheless beginning to bump up against what bioethicists call the
Yuck Factor.
Yeah.
Three top cloning researchers, for example, have applied for a patent that contemplates
fusing a complete set of human DNA into animal eggs in order to manufacture human embryonic
stem cells.
One of the patent African sebele, first attempted to experiment an idea when he
few cells from his cheek into cow eggs.
It's one thing to talk tongue in cheek.
This was cow in cheek or the other way.
What came of that?
The idea is to hijack the machinery of the egg said to belly whose core work at Michigan
state does not involve human material because that would violate state law.
At Michigan state, who aren't so great and we like it.
Researchers argue that comingly human animal tissue is vital in ensuring that
experimental drugs and new tissue replacement therapies are safe for people.
It does, I know what you want, but it doesn't really say anything about what happened with
it.
It definitely didn't work.
Others have performed similar experiments with rabbit and chicken eggs while university
California Irvine researchers have reported making paralyzed rodents walk after injecting
them with human nerve cells.
But the possibilities of stem cell research are so fantastic.
Too bad these right wing lunatics, these god squad, these fetus sugars, and these embryocissus,
other ones are in charge now.
But you know what?
The rest of the world is still working on it and the rest of the world will do it.
Right?
While the US is back in the stone age with George Bush and a bunch of Mary Nazis.
What is a good movie on there that I can't think of in the infant?
With Joseph Cotton.
And the coming the Mary Widow waltz are whistling it.
He's a mass murderer.
Joseph Cotton.
But he sure was good.
You know, he's not a good movie.
There was Alfred Hitchcock movie 1941, 1944 I want to say.
But anyway, I don't know what the name is.
I better Google it.
You like it.
I better Google it.
He was Uncle Charlie.
Oh, that's right.
Just look up Joseph Cotton and you'll see he played Uncle Charlie, sitting in your
hood, how it was.
Oh, Uncle Charlie.
Whoever she was, one of those simple 40s anchors is 20 till 2 a.m. when you're shopping
for two is man, comfort and fitness what it's all about.
So get over to brandy shoes.
They'll take great carrier titsies.
They got a humongous selection, unbeatable selection just about every major brand in the
shoe business rock port, echo, foreshimed, new balance, essay, Esma Fisto.
You like them, they got them.
And brandy's professional shoe fitters will make sure that you got a customized perfect
fit of your favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just ask for Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price and whatever you like, they
got your size on a shelf right this life on your feet right now.
Brandy's even specializing in why wits as well.
You know, fat people generally have really fat feet.
You know that?
That is true.
Yes, you have fat feet.
I do have wide feet wide.
Really short and I like learning how to even try to get you in the door with like a crowbar.
Brandy's is worth the trip from just about anywhere for comfort style fit, value and selection.
Always think brandy shoes and you find brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pump.
You know, beach open daily till 9 Sunday's till 5 and this week a stupend is better than
ever time to buy it.
Brandy's take 20% off on selected men's and women's styles, including S.A.S. naturalizer,
floor shimed, spur in rock port.
So be sure and get into the store especially before the holidays at Brandy's or do your
shoe shopping right online if you like it.
Brandy shoes dot com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 Q.A.S.
Get Ricky of low.
In theaters now from the director of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
What's going on in the floor?
It's George Bush and the Goblet of Fire.
I have the moments you've all been waving for.
Rarely is the question asked.
Is our children learning no more questions?
So not any more questions.
But so do the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world and you'll be under
the finest master that Hogwarts has ever seen.
But I can't learn.
There's an old saying in Tennessee.
I know it's in touch.
Probably Tennessee that says, boom, he wants shame on you.
It boom, he can't get fooled again.
That's bloody brilliant.
Then again, I don't have a lot of intelligence.
George Bush and the Goblet of Fire.
Maybe I need to learn to communicate better.
Good bye, the end.
Okay, 145 Q.A.S.
I'm going to get my woodpecker round and get prepared to with Sturge.
Here's the pool.
He's also far and you're probably wondering if you tuned in late.
Well, isn't this the pool?
All of it is today's pool.
But this is the second time around.
Sometimes doing it.
The second time is better than the first.
It's time for sure.
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality,
you showed last 25 years, is we got 883,
which means we're way over 25 hundred votes
if we put them together.
So the beast you underestimated.
See?
I'm sorry.
Even though we didn't have very devious answer,
Q.A.S. way, Randy Rhodes freaked 281,
a totally bogus number.
Would I would just say about 200 of those are phony votes?
Seeing then, the sad part of it is whoever's behind that and doing that.
The goddess will never have really a chance to really register and find out
how well she would have done or not.
Maybe that's the purpose.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
Oh, look at this.
Mike and Melbourne says the CEO of Diebold has resigned.
Story on rawstory.com.
Thanks, Mike and Melbourne.
I'll hop right on that right after the show.
In fact, yeah, and we'll get it on the website.
Thank you, Mike.
How do you like that?
Diebold, man.
Talk about the stolen fixed elections.
You see, the media doesn't want to dig into that too much
because they don't want any of the truth.
Just like all the religion crap, you know,
and they keep with these stories about the Pope did this
and the Pope had a good VM and all.
You know, what do you people got to grow up here?
Okay.
When you're going to start giving us some truth, okay?
Who did more for educating the public?
The CBC, the BBC, or the American Freaking Networks
in the talking head to lunatics, huh?
Is there any doubt?
Is there any doubt?
The third.
56670560, pound 560, and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
Makes my blood boil.
Makes my kishki's twist.
When I think about the crap, the lies that get peddled for truth.
And that's why, just that you can take any scene.
But especially when he's ranting and raving about TV as an illusion
and who knows what crap will be peddled for truth on his network
after the Saudis bottom.
Do you remember that whole thing?
I sure do.
And the Saudi deal must be stopped now.
And he was pounding on the table.
Who did more for UBS?
He was screaming the own.
Good stuff.
And it was good stuff.
Now, what was your take on that movie?
You saw it.
I loved it.
See, I always turn into beast like a fat little intellectual right there.
You don't have to be a pseudo intellectual, but he gets it.
He understands how the significance and the greatness of the movie network
and how the tremendous application of it toward what we're going through today,
today.
And the way the networks are all a bunch of carnivals and circus clowns and goofballs
just pandering and hooring their wares to the highest bidders.
That's all they are.
So you'll never get the truth from us.
We'll tell you any crap you want to hear.
Remember that?
That any Schmidt you want to hear?
We'll tell you that nobody ever gets sick in our tea bunkers house.
Although they were a little premature on that one, but nevertheless.
Remember that?
No.
Nobody gets cancer in our tea bunkers house.
And just wait till the end, the good guy always wins in the end of the end of the...
Whatever that.
That was a good...
We had to start taking some of those clips and plan them again.
Do it.
Although Josh Cordes will get upset because he didn't like the movie fell asleep.
Well, maybe he'll warm up.
He's a good kid, but he's just, you know, like that.
Little slow.
I think anybody on to be a bit of a 25.
Don't watch the network because you want to appreciate it.
Wait till you get a little bit more, uh, whatever.
Yeah, like 50.
Wait till you get to be 100.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think the chemtrails are making me go...
Oh, there's a most-aver caller.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I got one for your fault.
John Broward.
I missed you.
John Broward, me stand up.
Good news.
Is he still dead?
Did you know he had a thumb missing on one hand?
No, I didn't.
You never thought I'd see a radio.
See, it works.
Something right now.
He was a sour and nasty old right wing.
Of course, that's, you know, redundant.
John Broward.
Of course, I don't know what is real.
No, you know what his real name was?
I would put another...
I would put another...
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
He was a drug addict.
A reporter called an offense department for explanation representative said she didn't know why this is happening.
Oh, I see.
We don't know.
It's just that don't bother us with the facts.
Oh, racial unrest in Australia is spreading.
Those Aussies and men are just like their, their brick forefathers, baby.
They're brick colonizers.
They're brick colonizers.
The racial unrest that broke out in the cities, beachside, several weeks over the weekend is spread to two other large Australian cities where people are middle eastern to sing.
We're sold to buy white people.
Police said Tuesday.
Let me ask you something.
People are middle eastern to sing.
It's not white.
Well, it's a petal.
Like Lebanese.
I know it's a big deal.
You're looking at him from.
I think you're pardon?
It depends on which angle you're looking at him from.
Welcome.
Can I ask you a question?
Seriously.
What can Brown do for you?
Where did we start?
152 at QAM.
Truth is when you dare to compare your CY Ford is the best selling brand of vehicles in the USA.
It's not for the only Ford dealer you want to go into his Armstrong Ford homestead.
Now, the holidays are here.
Maybe your car was damaged during Hurricane Wilma.
Maybe you just want a new ride for the holidays and for a long time to come.
Well, now's the smart time to get on down and see our good friend David Rich.
And let him put your fat ass behind the wheel of a new Armstrong Ford.
Right now at Armstrong Ford homestead, they have some great offers and incentives.
Get $1,000 cash back or financing as low as 0% on a Ford 500-free style.
Get $5,000 cash back on Explorer Expedition.
How about $2,000 cash back on Escape and $2,500 cash back on Focus?
Certain restrictions apply.
And don't forget when you buy a Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll still get their unbelievable
exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is absolutely correct.
Tires and batteries full life.
David Rich and the staff at Armstrong Ford are homestead will guarantee you the best price.
And because it's a local shop, they'll treat you fantastic just like family to make you a customer full life.
You won't get a better deal on a Ford in any place in town.
No folding deals, no BS.
So called David Rich at 305-2475-12 and tell David you want the Neal deal.
Armstrong Ford are homestead, they're at 307-25 South Dixie highway.
Just 20 easy minutes south of the old A36.
Check them on the web, ArmstrongCars.com.
Drive a little extra, maybe just a few miles to save thousands and zillions of dollars
when you do your car shopping at Armstrong Ford of Homestead.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-S.
That smells delicious, honey.
I know, but we're not Gary.
Honey, ready for dinner?
No way, mom. That smells heinous.
I can't eat that crap.
Is the junkie and your family overly critical of your cooking?
Are you in need of something to bring back his strung out appetite?
Hi, my name's Barb Bichouin and I'm here to announce a breakthrough in kitchen appliances
that'll restore your drug addicted child's appetite just in time for Christmas.
Introducing the Crud Pod.
Now, you can cook up those shrooms, microdots, yellow bees, gongous, smack-a, and angel dust
with the crackpot.
Honey, ready for dinner?
No way, mom. That smells...
Hey, dude!
Mom!
That smells righteous!
Thanks, crackpot!
The crackpot.
The perfect Christmas gifts for the strung out junkie and your family.
Available now at the Bob Marley Parapholy Store.
159 a.m. We're almost out of time.
This thing is flown by today, you know what?
Yes, loosen.
Zuminon by.
And anyway, we got, let's see, eight, nine, twenty-nine, yine, already on the second go round to this.
Let's get it right this time, okay?
Other than Neil, my favorite local radio personality of the show in the last 25 years,
Randy Rhodes-Freep, totally bogus number 293.
I say 220 votes.
Phil Henry 125, Phil is the winner so far.
Mad Dog 84, Sudson Rick 66, Jorge 47, Bob Lasseter 40.
How do you like that, huh?
See what you've done for exactly.
40 for the blobbo, who has been on the Ernest market for a longer than before,
Jesus was a child, or was a fetus.
Oh, he wasn't?
Hank Lover 29, Pharrell 28, Jazz McCabe 21, and Micronary 15.
Mohawri did it, did it, did it, by the way, 14, to have with Herman and McVean.
So, blobbo 40 votes, all I can see is we're putting you back on the map, blobbo, and...
You're thinking of study first.
Bye, bye, bye!
When it comes to sports.
Blue, whitey-dye, blue, whitey-dye, six, five, six.
We need to be on the authority.
40 for the new vice-sexy, Dylan QAN, Miami Ford market.
