Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami-Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for needed driving or count 560 on yourself.
All the opinions of Neil is getting followers of their lives.
And what else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the easily brought customers?
No.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The Mylands with them.
Mylands with them.
Mylands, and others, give me another beer.
I've been to Peter Sistle, rock worst in sour craft.
I love a holistic goal.
I'll roll the barrel out.
I put on leader hoses and I wear a funny hat.
The sound of a crack-doodle, but it's an out-of-the-fairer's hair.
It's a sound you want from K.A.
I just want to get it's my favorite.
That's not the same as a life-lip hope guy.
Fear of your fear, tired of thinking of life in your hope guy.
The camp is rolled out through the tips of the trauma of hope guy.
Sing your fear, tired of thinking of life in your hope guy.
Sing your life in your hope guy.
I'm singing a funky hope guy.
The band goes on top, top, we'll sing a lovely hope guy.
Dance with your grandma.
During a lovely hope guy.
His hair's a man, don't fear, don't drink the fondue of hope guy.
He's a jailvastor, listening to a hope guy.
Listen to a hope guy.
Everyone's a dog, hope guy, to see hope.
That's not very nice.
Oh, please, anything but him.
I'd rather watch you, give me somebody that I can't stand.
Somebody makes me nauseous.
I'd rather have dinner with Todd Dreck than ever see Ricky Martin again.
How do you like that?
Of course, Ricky, we understand, was up in Toronto this weekend with a million queens.
It was Gade up there, the biggest parade in North America.
They had a million queens up there just by coincidence.
No.
Ricky happened to be there this weekend.
You know what I'm saying?
Back then.
I didn't kill them.
Here's a real interesting thing that popped up in the facts machine this morning.
Nothing to do with anything, but it just happened to come to us.
Every now and then we get a fact that winds its way into this room that doesn't really belong here.
We will pass this along with poor Amerium.
She can make up a story for this guy.
It's an invoice.
It's addressed to accounts payable, WQA and Lyme, etc.
I looked at this and I looked at it and I thought, what is this?
What? And took me what?
About 14 seconds to figure it out?
It says, dear sir or madam.
And you can just see the angry tone.
You can see the blood on these pages, even though it's like just white paper.
Dear sir or madam, the attached invoice is seriously past due.
Please remit in capital letters, exclamation-freaking point.
Thank you, exclamation point.
Henry M. Clay.
Now, who is Henry Clay?
No, not that Henry Clay.
This is a guy who obviously is an engineer up in Philadelphia.
How do I know that?
Because it's got the address in Belmore, New Jersey, which is like suburban Philadelphia.
And the invoice is for three games.
Florida, Marlon's at Philadelphia, Philly.
25 bucks again.
75 bucks.
So obviously this is one of the guys who engineered Marlon through Marlon games up there when they played in Philadelphia.
What are the dates on this invoice you might ask for 16 to 418?
Well, it's only July for crying out loud in a couple of days.
This is only the middle of April he's talking about.
Seriously, past due.
Give me the goddamn money now.
Come on.
No.
We won't do it.
How do you like that?
As the... See, so if anybody out there thinks that this is just the show material, then I make this stuff up.
Believe me, these people are either one or two categories, slow pay or no pay.
All depending on how much you bitch and scream and yell, because they would prefer no pay at all.
But if you said about 20 or 30 letters like this, eventually they will have to pay, especially when you're lower call and threaten the lawsuit.
Then they'll say, OK, goddamn it. Here's your freaking money, you asshole.
What do you bother us for?
Nice go and Henry Clay in Philadelphia in Belmore, New Jersey, wherever the hell that is.
By the way, Tom Green for president.
Oh!
No, seriously, I think what's his name?
Jesse the body for president.
Tom Green for vice president.
And Austin Powers for Secretary of State.
If we get ever fixed up those damn British teeth, which he's...
They're phoning these really convenient.
There you go.
One more could you want.
So yesterday for the first time in my life, now life is almost worth living.
That I've seen the Tom Green show on MTV.
Never saw it before.
Never heard of it.
How come we never got any calls about that show?
I did.
You did what?
When I talked about it.
You know what I'm talking about with it.
What because you would see it.
But I'm just saying, how come nobody ever called and said you got to watch that show?
That's the greatest show in the history of television.
Now yesterday, yesterday they had the one segment where he put the a dog poop on top of a microphone,
and went out and interviewed a bunch of people and stuck it in their nose.
And it was...
It was a lovely thing.
And then they replayed, I guess it was an old show, which I had no way of knowing because I never saw before.
They replayed the show where he was...
It said, show us your teeth.
And they came back with a cow and he took the cow through the supermarket.
And then to get really fresh milk, he was like actually sucking the...
Can I say this on your cow's teeth?
Can I say that?
I just did.
And then he had some guy in the store who looked like he had a lot of experience, by the way.
I mean, doing the same thing.
I mean, seriously, is there any...
Oh, God.
No, I'm thinking of myself.
Is there any person that you know can imagine that would do such a thing?
No.
No.
Maybe for a lot of money.
For a lot of money.
But I just can't believe we haven't had tons of calls about the Tom Green show.
There you go.
Back show on television by far.
It's number one, baby, on my head parade.
And I'm sure it won't be long before some assholes will come out of you.
That's a disgusting thing that our kids are watching it.
Yeah, good.
Maybe your kids will develop a good healthy sense of humor, okay?
And realize that life is much of a bull crap.
Nice going there, Tom Green.
And I think, because at the end of the show, it said Rogers Communications,
which is a Canadian cable outfit, even though that show is done in New York.
I think those three guys, Tom and his two, a boyfriends there.
I think they're Canadian, eh?
Are they Canadian?
We'll find out.
We'll find out all you ever wanted to know about Tom Green and then some here today.
Got the story about the Vatican that tell all book is a hot seller.
They're doing it over there.
By the old tools.
God.
You didn't know that?
And that, of course, is the newspapers continue really uncovering the dirt and the crap in his town.
This is amazing to me.
And especially the parts of the fact that nobody out there cares about it.
I guess that's why they can get away with this.
Cop charged in pimpering.
A nice guy.
Oh, right.
Let's hear it for Greg Priest.
He never stole a freight train.
He's a damn nice guy.
I mean, here you've got a story.
And of course, you know that these people know the names of all these other cops.
Because the Vimbo certainly had to keep, they all do it, you know?
Keep a diary and a record date.
They know who all the different cops there.
Coming from all the different police departments all over the date county.
But for some strange reason, we haven't heard that all we've got is the tip of the iceberg.
And that's it.
And then we find out this guy kept his nose clean.
Well, maybe he didn't stick his nose in there, you know?
Maybe stuck his *** instead of his nose.
Although a lot of guys probably did stick their nose in there.
But nevertheless, we got a horror ring here with 16-year-old prostitutes and the newspaper.
Which paper?
Oh, this is in the hero of the course.
There you go.
The hero that's worried about the evil of the casino gambling.
They like cops who are doing 16-year-old hookers.
They like that evidently.
He was a nice guy and never stole a freight train.
This is one of the worst stories I've been here 23 years.
This is one of the most embarrassing, one of the most grotesque stories you could think of.
Not only are there another one of these don't do as I do, do as I say stories.
Where every day they're out there picking up hookers and johns and the same old tired crap on a boulevard at Federal Highway.
But it's a minor.
Would large breast of course, which everybody's saying.
All right.
Yeah, I told you that Friday.
That's why everybody likes this story.
Well, they're only being there pissed off about this story.
They don't have the address and the phone number.
Oh, seriously.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that, Britney Spears allegedly coined MTV as today is going to be in the
Pompatville amphitheater, which I didn't even know there was a Pompatville Beach amphitheater.
Maybe we'll find out about that today.
Tonight, she's going to be there.
Anybody want to go to spear Britney?
How about you do maybe you can help her friends get their shorts out of their crops too while you're at it.
So before they make the next video, we don't have to see that disgusting display of crotchia picking.
It's one thing to be a nose picker, but a crotch picker.
Jesus Christ.
In fact, that would be I can just imagine some things on the town green show they will probably see next Sunday.
Is that on only on Sunday, by the way?
They move it around a lot.
I'm sure it has a regular time.
Yeah, there's this thing about MTV.
Of course, they never show any videos.
If you want to see videos turn on much music.
But I mean, MTV, they got Dulley's Wearch and they're on like all over the place.
Road rules, road rage, all these things.
On the DVD, Deathmatch, which by the way, I take back what I said before.
I didn't like it in the beginning because it was old and ponderous with the Pat Sejak and what's his name from a Jeopardy?
What's Alex?
Alex Trabik?
Well, he's Canadian, you know.
But now they got the new one where they had you see the one where George Washington is in the ring with Abe Lincoln?
Oh yeah, and he's got a hatchet.
I'm going to knock your ass.
It's great. It's beautiful.
See how you want to watch it.
They're on back to back usually.
Oh, are they?
Yeah.
Yeah, I like celebrity deathmatch.
In fact, I think how about Todd Greck would be good, huh?
Todd Greck and who could we stick in there with him?
I know.
I got an idea.
Well, that would be great.
Tim and I, yeah, we could put Chris, so what's his name in there too?
Your buddy, your close best personal friend that you hate like poison.
I know this is hard.
Even loves Neil Rogers.
In the special day here in the world when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more.
That's what day is for.
It's a day.
Day after all.
It's a day of fun when we wear red shirts.
And when we all come here to hear the squirts we can dig go in these with our manicured go-tees.
It's a day after all.
All right.
We'll be holding hands in it then share land and watch the lies of a valley marching band.
We'll make your wrist treat with a kiss on the cheek.
It's a day after all.
We can wear tight shorts made of gold, low legs.
And wear mascara like the leaves' base.
We can then sew way as we print and say,
It's a day day after all.
And GM will have a liberty vault hosted by a wrist tailor and a roof vault.
They'll be bourbon and monkey rocks, not to mention feet like hocks.
It's a day after all.
It's a day day after all.
It's a day day after all.
It's a day day after all.
It's a day day after all.
Yeah, he got hanging out to get sure.
Ken 13 to 560 WQM.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
And you know how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I've seen a couple episodes of that Tom Green show.
It's one of the funniest shows I've ever seen.
Greatest show in the history of television.
Oh, he likes using farm animals a lot.
There was this one episode where he covered his parents house in plastic
and brought in a bunch of chickens and goats and stuff.
Did you see the one last night where he went in with the food store with the cow?
Yeah.
And they were sucking on the cow.
The cow had to teach you.
Yeah.
And then he noticed the one guy in the store like I said,
He had a lot of practice.
There was this one episode where he brought a bunch of vibrators.
Yeah.
Oh, this guy, oh, your phone's crappy.
I think the FCC is cutting in.
Okay, that's the end of him.
How do you like that?
He mentioned vibrator and the city said that.
That was it.
Wow.
Maybe it's our good censorship police over there.
Speaking of the police, we'll get back to that story in a minute.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Would that be me?
That would be you.
Oh, okay.
I hope my phone doesn't crap out.
I'm a Tom Green fan too.
I think he only made like six episodes total.
I think I've seen them all.
That was it?
That was it.
That's it.
There's like six episodes.
Because every time it's on, my husband and I, like,
Oh my God, stop everything.
Don't feed the children.
Watch Tom Green.
You mean to say that I'm like coming along on the ass end of something great that was just,
they did a few episodes and that was it?
Yeah, it's been on since December, I think.
Yeah.
And I've seen the same six episodes over and over and over again.
And it's on Thursday night, Sunday night, they have it on the hood.
Now, do you know anything about him?
He's from Canada.
He is there, Canadian.
I knew that.
You could tell right off the bat, eh?
Yeah.
He is so funny.
What he does to his parents is a nightmare, an absolute nightmare.
There's a couple episodes where he just totally humiliates them.
I'm going to have to look in the TV guys and see when he's around.
I can't afford to move to Tom Green.
Now I can hear you.
What do you do?
You can't hear me?
Now I can hear you.
Okay.
He totally humiliates his parents.
You can see he's got a, they drive like a Ford S-Corder something.
Yeah.
And he does this thing where he says, I understand that my parents really like lesbian.
So he gets some artists to spray paint to women, you know, like, you know,
hunting linguists on the car.
And he parks it in front of their house.
He does it like overnight in parts in front of his house and hides in the garage.
So when his father comes out to get the car in the morning,
he sees this painted on the car.
And it fits his terrible.
I'm not doing it justice.
You have to see it.
It is so funny.
Slot mobile.
I don't know.
I don't know.
He's already sold out because he's doing commercials for Pepsi.
Maybe they ran out of dog poop for some time.
I mean, I got plenty of my backyard if they need more.
Wasn't that funny?
That was the best.
Oh my God.
I was laughing.
If you watch closely, he kept sticking the mic a little further and further into the nose
of each guy that he was interviewing.
Yeah, right into everyone's face.
I was laughing so hard.
And then there was the old drifter that he had up there.
They was hugging.
Remember that guy said, am I, what, I look good to you and my sexual.
Am I turning you on?
And the guy looked back and said, hey, you're not bad.
He has, he's like totally irreverent.
He has no respect for anybody or anything and he's so funny.
I say Tom Green for president.
Let's look at him in American society.
Yeah, but he's Canadian.
Well, that's okay.
We're making a success.
Have a great day.
You too.
Mike Myers too, that Austin Powers.
He's Canadian.
And the amazing part of all of this is that the Canadian humor he does is not existent.
It's like an oxymoron.
Any of the shows like on a CVC or any of the Canadian networks that they're a tense
of humor, if anybody saw the award show last Thursday night, the NHL awards and that bitch
they had on there, that's typical Canadian humor.
But as funny as in your pants, you know, tragedy TV was funny and it's time.
That was Canadian?
Yeah, all of them.
It was?
Every person on there was Canadian.
That was a Canadian show.
The one where they had Perry Como in the oxygen tank.
Oh, yeah.
I think that was it.
I haven't seen anything funny since then.
Well, I don't understand.
How come the good stuff, it's on for like five minutes and the garbage like Jay Leno, that's
on there forever.
I don't understand.
What's that all about?
The crap shows they never go away.
But something funny comes along and well, maybe it was a little bit too good for television.
That might have been the problem.
I mean, like the Ron Popeel infomercials, they never go away.
They're Arabi guy, Dan Weeky.
He's roasted so many.
Oh, and then the thing with the turkey or with the duck.
With the roasted duck, at the end of the show, he had this, she wasn't a veterinarian.
She was like a, she teaches CPR.
And she had like a bunch of dummies on there.
And she had a dummy of a baby.
And she's like showing them how you do CPR.
So he reaches in.
He said, I brought my pet.
And can you show me how you do it on your pet?
And it was like a cooked duck.
Roasted duck.
And he picked it up.
And she starts laughing.
And he takes the thing and then head.
Separates from the rest of the body.
And he starts trying to do mouth to mouth to the body of the, and he starts pumping the duck.
In fact, what was the other thing where he was pumping the, at the side of the road?
They found a dead moose on the side of the road.
And he was trying to bring it back to life.
And he's pumping the moose.
And he's asking these dry, stopping people that are driving by.
And saying, please, can you help me hump this moose and bring it back to life?
And they're looking at them and running like they're alive.
It was great.
Nice going Tom Gray.
Oh!
Jesus, it's about time I found something good on TV after all these years.
It goes to show you, if you're surf enough, thank God for those remotes, baby, without remotes TV, be out of business.
Here's plantation.
Hello?
A meal?
Yes, sir.
Yes, he was on Oprah.
He was on Oprah about 40.
A meal?
Yeah.
He was on Oprah about five weeks ago.
He was on Oprah?
He was on Oprah with his mother and father, too.
Why would he put him on?
I don't know.
He was doing that whole thing like the lady said.
That whole thing, what he's doing.
He's got his own shows, supposedly being produced, getting ready to broadcast.
Oh, yeah.
And the next show was supposed to be on, or, I believe.
Okay, thanks to the good news, whatever he said.
Are we having a phone problem today?
Yeah.
A little bit of a phone problem.
They're like coming and going and the levels are all over.
But that's okay.
Don't worry about that.
I'm in such a good mood after seeing the Tom Green show.
What do I care?
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to talk about the pointing show ever since the TV, which is the Kids in the
Hall.
Yeah, that's one of the funniest Canadian shows I've ever seen.
Kids in the Hall was funny?
Yeah.
A lot of the younger crowd really did it.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Wait, yeah.
Okay, see you around, eh?
No.
Was that funny?
No.
5667-0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile to Lake Worth.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, just want to let you know on that Oprah thing he was on there.
Oprah was having a special on, uh, it was a day of torturous things, kids due to their
parents.
So that's why she had him on.
Yeah.
I just can't see a goody two shoes, phony baloney like Oprah putting on a guy like him.
Yeah, well, they had the torturing parents.
But as far as the series coming back, once you see the first episode that aired,
yeah, he explains that they were on Canadian public access.
And MTV picked them up for six episodes of the See If It Would Fly before they got on a regular show.
Right.
Well, it must be flying because they keep showing it over and over again.
Yeah, based on the popularity, I'm sure I'll be back, but yeah, he used to be public access in Canada.
In Canada.
See, how did I know that?
I just sat there watching that thing and I said, I said, these guys are Canadian, eh?
Yeah.
You just knew it.
All right, thanks a lot.
Thanks for the good news.
So that means that there's hope for the future.
All right, let's hear it.
In fact, if we get some people out there with their T.O., look at this.
I got my TV book.
I brought it into Read Tom Jicke of this stupid letter that somebody wrote.
Question, I'm wondering if Rush Limbaugh, Laura Slussinger and Rick and Puts,
know about the film, some guy named Tom Likus from California,
and a woman named Brooke Daniels, are dishing out.
How do you like that?
She's dishing it out.
And Tom don't like it.
He's dishing it out.
This is this is every time I think I've read the dumbest letter that Tom ever got.
It comes up with another good one.
You got to be making it up, Tom.
Come on.
No.
It says, uh, I'm usually tuned to WINZ because of Rush, Laura, and Rick and Sud,
and sometimes get caught unaware when I start the car, and hear what I heard recently.
Some jerks and perverts discussing kinky sex.
Absolute filth.
Why do we have to put up with this?
Sign A via email.
Why do we have to put up with this, God?
Damn it.
Yeah.
Tom answers.
Did you alert the police?
I'm not a lawyer or a cop, but I'm pretty sure if somebody jumps in your car.
Put the gun to your head and keeps you from hitting the button any of the other 80 channels.
To hear what if something you find offensive, they're probably breaking the law.
In other words, get a life asshole.
Maybe that's what the A stands for.
Asshole.
Jesus, God almighty.
But at least there's somebody that's good.
Nice going, Eric.
Somebody listens to INZ.
There's one.
Good start.
Somebody listens to that.
Tom don't like it.
And somebody even listens to the badling brook in the afternoon, which is a fate worst in death.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah, about the Tom show.
Tom Green thing.
Yes.
Did they talk about the one with his parents with a paper mache statue?
No.
First he wakes him up.
He just goes in with the camera crew.
Wakes him up.
They're in the bed.
Tom, get out of your type of thing.
So drags him out on the front lawn and then you've got this paper mache statue of his dad, like his hand raised.
He hit his mom.
I think it was like, I'm Thanksgiving or something.
All right.
So it's just like the thing was, you know, where's my dinner bitch?
I think so.
So his dad's getting all mad and stuff and kicks over.
And so he'd go back to bed.
So he drags the film crew back in again.
And so none of them surrounds our, I misunderstood the meaning of Thanksgiving.
It's really, it's all about love.
So he drags him back on the lawn again.
And here's the paper mache statue of him like doing his mom from behind.
Been over in front of him.
Back down.
And so the dad gets mad again and kicks it all over.
I think I saw that on Dugi Howzer one.
They were doing a Dugi style.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Have a great day.
Tom Green, we're going to make him into a superstar.
Oh, somebody beat us to it.
Oh!
Hey, listen, better, you know, when you're still breathing, if you discover the good stuff, that's what I always said.
And then they run like hell.
Neon God.
How I love the lake of glitter and that is long.
I become a singing lesbian nun.
Oh, right.
Mr. Mary Catherine was so impressed with what I done to give the action with her son.
You can see, presumably, that's his song when it's number one.
Because I was a nun.
Sound away to make some passion, hope the royal people, laugh because retired nuns don't get nuns.
I never made it that big because I didn't look that great.
So I got the unnew habit to win drugs and getting laid.
Had my wand only hit him and the Vatican got hit.
The Pope's bad there's my big.
Now that I'm dead, I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally Peel.
You go whistling in my week, you know.
Feel that by the way.
Vatican tell all book a hot seller.
Oh my con cakes.
Move to ban it ignites interest.
Rome eager for juicy stories.
The public is done with a court order from the Holy See failed to do.
Clear store bookshelves of a gossipy insider look at Cardinals and other top Vatican officials.
The creed issued by a Holy See tribunal orders one of the alleged authors in the Italian month senior
retired two years ago after 45 years of the Vatican to ensure that gone with the wind in the Vatican is take it off store shelves.
Gone with the wind.
I bet there was a lot of blow and going on in there.
The book appeared a few months ago with little fanfare but after the retired clerk months senior Luigi Marinelli
said over the weekend he'd been told to appear with a lawyer by the Vatican court hearing July 16.
The book rushed off store shelves.
The 288 page volume paint some prelates is greedy for power lacking in virtue with vignettes ranging from a prelet being stopped at the border with Switzerland carrying a suitcase
stuff with cash to a bishop denounced in court by youth for alleged sexual abuse.
Oh we can't believe that.
Oh my god.
No. The identities are disguised more or less it says.
At felt finale a large chain bookstore customers were told that oh I know exactly where that is by the way.
Customers were told that the book had sold out in all three central Rome stores.
We're calling the publisher today to find out if they have more copies that employ Luigi D'Amico.
The daily largely secret workings of the world behind the Vatican fortified walls were intriguing even Milan
were stylists and financiers not clergy and bureaucrats usually make news.
At felt Trinelli's branch on Milan central via Manzoni clerk Giovanni Mottes had 30 customers that requested the book Sunday morning
and all had left a stir empty handed.
The Manzoni claimed that the work was a collaboration of many people interested in reforming the Roman Curia the Vatican's bureaucratic machine.
We don't even know each other Marinelli said adding I'm just a spokesman.
Marinelli used the pseudonym which scrambled the letters of his last name he noted that the pseudonym E. Milanati means the Milanarians.
Each millennium you expected before me said.
Of the one of the judges beside the order Manzoni Marie Simone Ye to climb to talk about the report a new manual which was approved by Pope John Paul II.
The spring warrants Vatican employees that disclosing pontifical secrets is punishable by firing.
Martin Ellis 72 worked for many years at the Vatican congregation for Eastern churches.
How do you like that?
Boy, what are we going to get a hold of copy of that?
Huh? Soon I hope like by the end of the day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 if we had any calls about Britney Spears and the pop it'll be champ of theater which I never heard of such a place.
I don't think there is such a place but they said so on MTV where they had listed all the concerts.
It's that she was going to be spirited to that and pomp it a beach.
And it would be a shame if it turned out because she we know she's here.
Remember last week she was bitching about it rains every day she was in West Palm or somewhere.
I'll get it rains every afternoon I'm so bummed out.
Well stay inside and just keep doing what you're doing okay sweetheart doing who you're doing.
Here's the lady mobile in West Palm hello.
Yeah, I love.
Yes ma'am.
Uh no it's a boy.
Yes sir.
Uh, about the film being show.
Uh, the air is going to be right.
What is it I can barely hear you.
What?
I said I can barely hear you.
I'm sorry I'm in a car.
Okay.
You have to put your talking about the dog's thing right?
Right.
Yeah um.
The dog's poop yeah.
Yeah what's his partner's name the one who sits next to him?
I have no idea.
Well, there's a couple of partners he's got the one who sits next to him and the one who sits pretending to drink coffee behind the other one.
Yeah and laugh all the time.
Right.
Yeah there's this um, he's a friend of his he humiliated him so bad one day.
He gave out his email address.
Oh he that was on yesterday's show.
Yeah and.
Right and that was also the one where the guy was trying to take a leak and they get following him around.
Yeah, yeah that was it.
Right.
And um, this one, the other thing you get to him is humiliating was he picked him up from the uh, uh, airport and they were going to put him up in the
really witty hotel and it's really just shackling like his little Manhattan.
Uh huh.
And uh, they just made him walk all the way from Manhattan all the way to the studios and it's going to be like a couple hours in it.
That's great.
Okay, Tom Green from President's or Ever Great Day.
Oh, I gotta get that sound of that car out of it.
Yeah, good call but uh, yeah they had the thing yesterday where the, his friend there, the one with the glasses that works for the phone company alleged or whatever, was uh, had to take a leak.
And first he was going to take a leak outside and he can't, the guy has a, he has a phobia.
He can't pee when there's other people around and Tom kept in the cameraman kept following him and following and then he went into a convenience store and he tried, tried to get in the restroom and they kept forcing the door open.
It was a beautiful thing.
You had to be there.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Davy.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I got some info on Tom Green.
All right.
He was a, he was in a rap group in Canada.
Yeah.
He and his two of his buddies and they were did it for a joke when they were like in high school.
And some, some record exec picked them up and they, they were nominated or they won the equivalent to a Grammy in Canada.
And then him and his buddies got into doing that, the show.
But there's one episode that you would really love.
He did a thing where he brought a dead cow's head into his parents home with the Godfather music playing in the background.
And he brought a real live dead cow's head into his parents room at 3.30 in the morning.
Probably recieved it.
Look his parents up, the dogs licking the blood.
Probably, probably the dead cow's head and his parents just flipped out.
It was great after that.
Got a lovely coat of dust.
Tom Green for Dictator.
Oh, it's been good to Godfather by the way.
There's a revolution going on.
Public is pissed off baby.
Thanks to whoever fact me this.
Where the hell is this from?
From USA Today.
That's a little bit too colorful for us here.
Oh, you know, I'm, before I get into this thing about the Godfather part four, I would just think it.
If we want to spice up those boring interviews they do because I know many things as always screaming about how boring those interviews are.
How about little dog crap on the microphones in the sports studio, huh?
Yeah, there you go.
I think that might spice up somebody's terminal interviews with these dumb jocks.
Like when they had so in there the other morning.
Can't you imagine like, they're about a quarter pound of dog crap right on the microphone?
You think he know the difference?
No.
So anyway, speaking of the Godfather, it says Ben Affleck is the overwhelming choice.
I don't know about you, but he just doesn't do anything for me.
He's like vanilla pudding, you know, like vanilla ice cream.
Just boring.
But anyway, he's the overwhelming choice to play young sunny Corleone in the fourth installment of the Godfather.
If that's an offer, Leonardo DiCaprio refuses according to USA Today.
You know something?
I think I speak for America when we say we'd rather have dead people play the young sunny Corleone than Leo.
Am I right about that?
Uh-huh.
Anybody would rather, I mean this is so ludicrous.
A 443 email votes Affleck mad more than 100 votes.
He was followed by Matt Damon with 50 and Freddie Prince Jr. with 25.
How about Freddie Prince Jr.?
Other multiple choices included Sean Penn, Brad Pitt.
He looks like a real mafia tough guy, don't he?
Edward Norton.
How about Norton from the Jackie Gleason show?
How about Ralph Crandon?
I mean, what was his name?
Art Carnie, like I said.
And he's still alive.
Or he don't look a day over 98 to me.
Vince Vaughn and Nicholas Cades also got all the votes.
Isn't he a little bit too old to be playing like the young, huh?
Nicholas Cade?
How young is the young veto supposed to be in the moves?
No, no, the young sunny Corleone.
Oh, I'm sorry, like I said.
Well, younger than James Conner wasn't that old when he, uh, got hit on the causeway.
Yeah, you think we fall for that comedy?
That was kind of like the Joe Rose thing.
And by the way, you noticed Joe Rose wasn't here today and I kept seeing his on vacation.
I don't want to start any rumors about him being back over there talking to the people at Affin 1700.
But that's what I hear.
That's what I hear.
I wouldn't be the least, but I don't want our sports nerds to start getting real panicky about the little dog.
But I'm hearing lots of very nasty rumors about him and those in the insisterous relationship with the people at Waffin.
You heard about that when you were off last week, by the way?
Choke has still called me.
Who called me every day?
And if you've got a scene, by the way, the hysteria, I don't want to say that Greg Reed was in your 4,000 times that one day.
But I'm going to sue the hero for alienation of affection that it's on the front page.
Yeah.
maniac.
Maybe he could sell us some of those contracts.
He was wiping his...
Bracket.
...with that paper that day.
Yeah, maybe.
In fact, I said, will my answer wipe your...
Bracket.
...with the Marlins contract, that would be a big improvement.
Oh, by the way, Marlins tonight, any interest?
No.
705 pregame.
Marlins in a match right here in town.
You got to be listening.
No.
And you know, I feel almost bad about that because I was in the car over the weekend and a moment of weakness.
I had this station not in the Marlins game was on.
And I do know that they're running IDs in there, where the players are promuling like this show.
Like, hi, this is Mark Katsaye and you're listening to the Home of the New Yorker show 560.
Are you aware of that?
And for like a quarter of a second, I thought, geez, that...
I feel so bad because these guys, maybe some of me have even listened to this show.
And I'm ripping the hell out of the Marlins.
Have I got to stop doing that?
No.
No, they suck.
They won two in a row though.
They still suck.
20 before 11 at 560, WQA.
Gordon gets South Florida a major blowjob.
Yes, first.
Marlin Brando was the Godfather.
Then Al Pacino was Godfather 2 and 3.
No, get ready for the ultimate Godfather.
Godfather 4.
John, fuck me.
You must have heard from me.
These are bones that are coming in the bunma's house with a hand.
And they heard from my family.
Maybe you could order a hit or something.
Hey, tell me a hit.
I'm talking about a hit.
I'm coming super bad.
Make it feel good.
You get up like a fish machine.
Get him, gotta give it up.
Tell him to look.
Get on the good foot.
Make him, we gotta call him.
Come say a piece.
Be, be, out.
Godfather, pardon me.
But you just have done the look like any of the other Corleones.
Corleones, have you ever had a macaroni?
Ha, ain't no being in it.
I have no soul to tell my children's dreams.
Gotta make it break out to Corleones, oh, God.
The Godfather 4 is starring James Brown.
The Godfather of Seoul.
He'll make you an offer.
You can't understand.
1046 at 560 WQA.
I'm talking about James Brown.
Will we prefer him over Leo?
The young sonny Corleone?
Yes.
Before we get back to that,
here's a Joe Rose spy report.
Joe has made the big time.
He flipped the coin at the Florida Bobcats,
versus Tampa Storm Arena game Friday night.
I had free tickets and the highlight was a large wrap
that ran out of the field.
And the crowd of 2000 booing these two fat broads
that do a Saturday night sports show on Super Talk.
I will never go again.
There you go.
Good choice.
Bad choice taking a free ticket to go in the first time.
Excellent choice.
Don't make the same mistake twice.
So getting back to Godfather 4,
which we need like we need bleeding hemorrhoids.
Oh, and by the way,
why do you work on?
I bet you didn't hear about this.
About our big black instrument over here.
Remember something?
The black here was complaining about oozing bloody stools
and bleeding on poor Dr. Rankins.
Well, come to find out that somebody came in here
for another free cigar,
which evidently he seems to feel that these cigars are his
whenever he wants them, you know,
because he was a big jock.
I don't want to mention his name on it.
But anyway, so was it Joe that made the comment to him?
Who was it?
Made some kind of a comment about this gigantic black
gildo and so on.
And he said, well, I was doing with it what you do with that.
And in the Joe or whoever was,
I forget exactly,
said, you mean to somebody else?
He said, no, maybe they were sticking it in me,
with his exact quote that I get like fourth or fifth end,
but nevertheless,
Roy said that.
And the thing that we've actually been holding this thing
and the, you know, this is worse than Tom Green putting dog poop
on the ear of the microphone.
The fact that this could have been in Roy's penis.
Do you know what I'm saying?
So speaking of bloody oozing,
oh, so anyway, getting back to Godfather 4,
it says, many respondents weren't enamored of the Caprio
saying said to be in the talks for the role of the hot tempered womanizer
made famous by James Scott.
Just reading that paragraph.
This would be like, this would be like if they would have made Godfather 1
instead of Marlon Brando.
They would have had Leo the Caprio as...
Tom Coyote.
Yeah, that would have been great.
Can you just imagine that?
It would look like a little mustache, you know,
and a whole bunch of crap in his cheek.
Then I can't do...
Boni said, I boni said.
Oh God.
The Caprio is way too effeminate.
You need someone butch for the role said,
Charlie Johnson, 38 of Charlton,
South Stins of Carolina.
Why on earth would Sonny be played by a 97-pound pretty boy
as Trevor Woods, 25 of Houston?
The Caprio should be left with the chick flicks
like Titanic's at Eric Antoné's, 22 of Boston.
Athlete, most resembles James Conan appearance in acting style,
wrote Blanche the Steffanol, 55 of Queen's York,
the Caprio is too Anglo-looking.
I would say too Martian looking would be a better term.
Not Anglo.
Oh, seriously, he looks like he just got off the guy named Spaceship.
The Caprio supporter, Kevin Corbett, 14 of Rand Black Michigan,
wrote that the actor already showed he can be a womanizer
in Woody Allen's celebrity last year.
And of course, being only 14, Kevin is very naive.
Con son Scott, who co-starred in varsity blues,
also grabbed some votes with readers citing their familiar resemblance.
Now, wait till you hear this.
Okay, grab a hold of your chair.
Just to prove to you that it's like a disease that's everywhere
and you can't get away from it.
Latin singing sensation, Ricky Martin got three votes
to live La Vida Costa in Ostra with David Stern's 42 of Astoria Oregon,
offering that then it could be a musical and it could call
a Godfather for sunny things.
Things for his suffer.
Well, they had that one where a falachi sang, remember that?
Some readers suggested casting an unknown.
A hunky superstar would tend to overact the rule
wrote Godfather fanmark in the code for 27 of Syracuse,
perhaps even I could play sonny, he said.
Centino.
Others shuddered at the notion of a third sequel.
There should not be another Godfather said one.
The actors who played the original roles
made the movies and since they can't portray the characters any longer,
the trilogy should stand on its own,
mainly because they're all dead in the other.
You know what I'm saying?
It said, build the more 32 of Columbus, Ohio.
Then there were playful picks such as Alan Alda, Andy Griffith,
Gary Coleman, Richard Simmons, and comedian Carrett Top.
Even Star Wars, Jar Jar Binks got an endorsement from David Baraski,
29 of Durham, North Carolina, who supplied a movie dialogue.
Misa Mica, Diyalusa, can't refuse.
Oh God.
There you go.
So obviously we're taking this very seriously.
Godfather fan, very serious.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Mio.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? How about that time you show us the best, isn't it?
It is.
I show on TV. That's what I've ever seen.
That's right. Well, it's on every Thursday at 10.30.
That's the regular time for it.
And then Sunday, now yesterday they shoot 30.
Oh, yeah, they showed two back to back, which was great, like a bonus.
Yeah. Well, it's redhead friends. His name's Glenn.
But there is one episode where he takes his parents' car,
and he brings it back to next day.
You know how like those Mexican guys, like they paint those stupid things on their cars,
like on hoods of their car?
Yeah, we heard about this. The lesbian, yeah, we heard it.
No, he painted one of the cars of a slut movie.
Oh, yeah, that's, yeah. Like I said.
Yeah, the girl, and there's the other, but they'll be played a blind guy.
Yeah. You see that one? No.
Yeah, he was, I don't know, I can like, he was a blind guy with a stick,
and he was like chippin' over the garbage can and stuff,
and he's taking a plastic chair and trying to fold it up,
and going, oh, is this the foldable chair?
And he's acting like a police idiot, and these people are really thinking,
you blew up.
Yes, then he was diving for change in Fountains at shopping.
Oh, yeah, it's cool, but good.
Yeah. Yeah, that was the best.
Good for the man. Yeah.
And they're taking the rich and giving to the poor, giving to the rich.
Yeah, and he's, other of those, acting like he's a real security guard in the mall,
and he's like, I don't know people, they're the shoplifting stuff,
and they took you seriously.
Okay, pal, Tom, I have to run Emperor, thank you.
Everybody loves Tom Green.
He's on more than six goddamn episodes, though.
Okay, that's what we want.
And like I said, if they need any more dog crap, I got a yard full of it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. I got all the dishes you need on Tom Green.
Yeah.
All right, he started in Toronto and won all those video booths.
You know, you pay a send them on the money and they'll drop public access.
You see those in Toronto?
Right.
Well, then he got that guy picked up by a local news station.
He made all the tearfuls for all the anchors.
And that guy, that he made a video, like a video show, and he sent it to TV.
They picked it up.
Well, they've only made six episodes because there's been a lot of hate mail from, you know, right wing nuts.
There's been hate mail?
Yeah, right wing nuts, you know.
You can't imagine that.
Oh, he's a great guy.
How come right wing nuts are watching MTV in the first place, by the way?
Because it's there.
Probably watching a Jennifer Lopez video over and over again.
And like the lesbians on the real world.
Uh-huh, like I said.
Well, then he moved on and he made those six episodes and he's going to make more.
The MTV decided to go ahead and spend the entire season of it.
And now he's in production of them.
So, God bless you, sir.
Thanks for the good news.
Now we can live to a watch TV another day.
Oh!
All right.
So, what did I tell you?
I knew that there'd have to be hate.
Oh, that's in bad taste and, uh, yeah, too bad.
Go watch something else.
Go watch God damn watch his name on it.
Dr. Kennedy, he's on for 600 hours on Sunday.
Watch all that other bull crap.
The one with a crystal cathedral out there.
That's the phone he sent of a bitch.
Watch all that garbage on here, okay?
And let the rest of us with a sense of humor have some, a little bit of fun.
A little bit of entertainment coming out of that big box.
You're going to have a big box.
It might as well be something good.
Do we ever decide what we're eating, by the way, or you're still, uh, we're in limboa?
This is not good.
This is not, uh, good start on your first day back.
Who did you have, uh, the way St. John last week?
They were flying in here.
Friday we had, uh, Wayne Arnold was here, which Wayne actually showed up himself.
How long?
Along with Hudson?
We had a feast.
We had ponytail here on Thursday.
We had Chuck brought me some plastic chees on, uh, whatever day that was.
How about totes?
We had totes that I think twice.
But I'm sure they'll come again if you talk real nice to them.
They're probably getting real sick and tired of bringing us all this free food.
But I'm sure that if you speak real nice to them and tell them that you're desperate,
tell them that you're good.
They'll be here fast.
I'm sure.
Like in two or three hours.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound five, six, eight, on the mobile one line.
We're Tom Green intensive today.
We're Godfather for intensive.
We're a Vatican book intensive, which I don't think you'll be able to get that book here, huh?
Gone with the wind and the Vatican.
But if so, we want to know why, inquiring minds want to get it immediately if not sooner.
And then of course, we're, uh, cop, imp intensive today too.
Cop charged and pimpering was an ice guy.
Red Freeze, never stole a freight train.
Kept his nose clean, never got into any trouble.
This thing has command people ask action.
What happened?
See what the rest of people should be asking.
There's who are all these other cops that were down there morning, noon and night.
Horon needs a 16 and 17 year old girls.
However many there were and who the hell were they?
And how big were their breasts?
Here's Virginia Key. Hello?
Yes, sir.
Another, another pretty example of police impunity.
Did you hear this weekend that they organized an exchange of guns for Marlon tickets?
Yeah, I had that on Friday.
I'm way ahead of you, man.
I had the thing on the story on Friday.
They had the data on this morning.
I was throwing over laughing.
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
And there was surprise that no one actually showed up.
Well, I've always said they can hold a gun to your head.
Nobody would still go to those Marlon games.
That's what I always say.
I mean, at least if they were smart, they'd give away some of the bag of weed from their evidence storage locker for a gun.
That's this weekend we're going to be doing that.
Well, anyway, I just wanted to call and pay that.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Anybody show up with their guns, by the way?
Who made fire reports?
What about the Britney Spears thing with a pompano beach?
I think that's a mistake.
Maybe she's at the Coral Sky because she wasn't the most palm-laced week.
However, she did have 98 degrees being the Coral Sky on July 10th.
They had that right.
But you know, I mean, MTV, maybe they make mistakes once in a great while.
You know, like our newspapers here.
But we don't seem to have any Britney Spears fire reports in this audience.
And that would be a real shame because I bet you there's a lot of guys listening right now who would give their left ball.
See, the MTV sensor in Tom Green in their state said you can't say not, which I think she's nuts for saying that.
Like I said, they give their left nut to be able to go see Britney Knight at the, whatever, at the amphitheater wherever she's going to be.
But we need to find out.
You would think that certainly our friends over at Power 96 next door.
Are they playing that or is she not the, uh, she's not who she could she enough?
She's not sticking off.
Is that the problem?
Somebody is building out of had the answer to that.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the mobile one line 10 50 60 QM.
We got to ankle, Berg Show, a tool list today at two, six o'clock.
We got Donnie B talking baseball, talking probably about Christina Moore again, the greatest broadcaster in history.
And then we got to Marlon Pregame show.
The Neil Roger show on 5 60 WQ AM Miami Fort Lauderdale can beat that Gator me.
Yo, I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make her food.
I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make her food.
That word are greeting friends like all black people do.
But why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool?
Yo, I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make her food.
Now the big gets have to find another word to use.
It used to be real bad.
But now it seems okay when African Americans address themselves that way.
I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger she's a Tiger we are all make her food.
Oh, longer the vernacular for racial abuse.
You could be taboo.
I'd not need to say you say.
But now expand it all up by black folks every day.
Yo, I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make her food.
I'm a Tiger you are a Tiger he's a Tiger we are all make her food.
Six and one ten things and five to your all included two.
It really doesn't matter now most every one is now.
Yeah!
Have a lot of fun yoooooooooo!!!!
Yo, Yo, Yo!
Jeket style I'd be grandmas kiss plate.
I'd be pushing myself and again play with my rules.
I'd be...
I'd be pushing it I'd be pushing it I'd be pushing it I'd be pushing it I'd be pushing it I'd be pushing it I'd be pushing it
endingBoard addin hamburger
Put the lotion in the bag.
Alright, 1103 at 560 WQAM, 567 O560,
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Pound Beach. Hello?
Aint new.
Yes sir.
One time last time I was the first time call.
Great. Just wanted to let you know about Britney Spears.
That is in fact accurate information.
Pompano Beach?
Yeah, it's right at just north of Atlanta.
I have a new Atlantic Boulevard I guess it is in Pompano at Federal Highway.
Yeah.
And they've had some comeback bands there recently too.
Well how come nobody knows about this?
I don't know, we found it on the internet.
I looked at it.
I looked at it in the newspapers today. I didn't see anything about it.
I mean next to Ricky Martin in Jennifer Lopez, Britney Spears is the hottest thing since the stove.
You know, I don't understand it. There's no publicity.
Well, I'd say that anyway.
So don't get worked up in a big phone.
I'm not going to release it.
Okay. Thanks for a good news sir.
It's told about anyway but maybe if you take your binoculars at the Mount Palemar telescope and get within like 5,000 yards,
you can take a puke in there and see what's going on.
Britney Spears in Pompano Beach tonight.
Oh!
Okay. She's at least 14.
That's old enough. That's what Greg Priest said.
5,670, 5,60, Pompano Beach on the 18th. He's a nice guy, Greg Priest.
Okay.
And the Harold.
And the goody Tushu is there. Where's that editorial?
I say from last week, I'm never going to let this thing go.
About the casinos, those parasitic enterprises, those casinos, those gambling ships,
and those casinos, and those one-armed bandits, and all that evil, evil stuff that goes on in those places.
So the goody Tushu's people, they're all are psychotic about that.
But we get a guy who's salaried by the way the public is paying by,
I was just going to mention that, 31-year-old Miami police cop, Beach.
And he and these other cops are running a prostitution ring with underage with minors,
with minor hookers in candle and got only those who were ever else.
And the story we had last Thursday and Friday about they were coming and going and coming and coming and coming.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
And he says, yeah, they say he's a pretty nice guy.
Had a little problem driving his car and then slammed into this and slammed into a male box into this
and slammed his motorcycle under when the Zuzu, yeah,
but he's a good guy and never stole a freight train.
The pimping charge surprised one of his former co-workers.
Priet was very clean, cut, easy going.
You would fall in love with him, it says.
I mean, talk about putting a spin.
I mean, who is spinning it more?
Him or the a Harold?
Putting a spin on a story, making it palatable.
Maybe the hero would like some phone numbers, huh?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
Listen, wanna ask you a quick question?
Go right ahead.
I'm not trying to be nosey or anything,
but do you have a pull at your house?
Yes.
Is it heated?
Yes.
I am, I just build a pull and I just got mine heated by solar.
Do you have solar?
No, I do not.
I have an electric heater.
Man, that solar is great, but you've got no electricity with it or anything.
Right.
So, you know, you should try it because you need to be able to go to bed.
Too late now.
Too late now, I spend a lot of money on a great electric pull heater and I like it a lot.
Oh, good.
I get that thing as warm as a bathtub.
Yeah, but I get it smoldering in there.
It's like the next stage before you go to hell and since everybody tells me I'm going here,
I'm getting a lot of practice.
Okay.
But I'm just saying, you know, you should try solar if you get rid of your heat pump.
Okay.
Great.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
This guy is trying to sell a solar heating for my pool.
Do I want it?
No.
No.
But thank you so much anyway, sir.
And leave the number with our producer, whatever his name is.
560, 7.560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know what I think is a slight off a little bit today.
It's because George is back.
No, that's what you get for saying almost terrible things about your mother.
What is it?
No, you let him sit there.
Okay.
Just I've already been through enough torture one week.
Okay.
Seen enough body parts.
Just a joke.
It says a little joke.
Okay.
You got to have a sense of humor.
Hey, look at my shoulder, man.
Oh, I'm going to guess you don't want to look at that.
Ooh.
Grotesque.
At least I don't have any cellular.
Oh, they had this thing on yesterday morning talking about infomercials.
Have you ever seen that these cellularite remover where they had these big fat women?
And they show like the backs of their legs and their butt cheeks?
Jesus Christ.
Makes me feel like skinny atlas.
Makes me feel like ikababab crane.
I feel like beautiful when I see that.
Seriously, I feel lovely when I see that.
How could anybody, how could anything alive walk around looking like that?
Was what I thought when I saw that yesterday.
Then I came in here this morning and of course, a fat boy waddled in here and I thought,
well, now I know the answer.
Easy.
Is he getting bigger?
Yes.
He's getting bigger.
And don't you notice he's walking with difficulty again?
He got rid of the cane.
He lost a little bit of weight.
I mean, the doctor, I guess, put a scaradoma for a little while.
And now he's like just limping around.
Burle can move so goddamn big.
He's getting bigger again.
And B-fo, he's blowing up like a god damn a bufo.
Yeah, that's what we ought to call him, bufo.
Thanks, you only want to run here and Hank get a course to lovely of Bluff Lindsay.
He's losing weight too.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's going to be a rough fall week.
I can see that.
Of course, do I really care?
No.
I got other matters in my mind this week.
I can't say I only had one eye.
For Christ's sake, I only had one eye.
Yeah, we heard this person.
Hello, suckers.
My name is Columba.
I got Doppler plane after shopping in France to get your money away.
I bought this dinosaur's expensive bubbles and jewels.
I knew in the sense that duty has to do with you.
I tried that a high-to-smug hole.
And they wouldn't let me fly.
But I did not get a trouble.
No.
Because I could gather those wise.
Yeah, some jet-dough videos might have worked to live up my life with special tables.
After all, my husband's brother will soon be your dictator.
I'm like forever, there's a leader.
I buy anything I need and just one thing more.
I'll be chocolate family value.
And I guess that's something for you.
Chocolate war.
I'll be back.
I'm a 13 at 560 WQM.
Like I said, nobody cares.
Columba, she goes over there.
I mean, might even be the dead horse and then.
And I noticed that Carl Heiss and I had a call about it yesterday.
I mentioned that Howard was talking about it.
You understand?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Howard was talking about it.
That was also in the paper last week in the year, that Howard was talking about.
We even got a song on issue about it.
We got a comedy bit about it.
Did he mention that?
No.
See, I understand through the grapevine that nobody on QA will be mentioned in the
Harold unless it's a scathing commentary by Barry Jackass.
That's the new deal now.
Just wait till Greg Reed files that lawsuit for alienation of affection, man.
Then you're really going to be taking a different tune over there.
You know what I'm saying?
You might even sing one in English, but I doubt it.
567.
Oh yeah, that's front page of the paper this morning.
Here we go.
Not that they're paying me.
It's a Harold.
Where is it?
Every day.
Every goddamn day of my life.
I'm I'm your hero that's that damn thing.
I got it here somewhere.
Front page about Brazil is this and uh, where York way is in Uranus.
So where the hell is that stupid thing?
I got it here.
Just relax.
Now that's a sunset.
I got it.
Here it is.
Not any of it.
What the- oh here it is.
Wait a minute, one moment please.
I got it chopped up in little pieces, which is what you ought to do with the hero by the way.
It's chopping up in little teeny tiny pieces.
Brazil summit raises hopes.
Oww!
Every goddamn day of our lives.
It's another desperate attempt just like that New Yorker article said,
pandering, desperately pandering with this Hispanic, and the Hispanic still hates a god in here like poison.
They wouldn't even wipe their elective with it.
So every day of our lives the rest of us have-
the yesterday was something about the Latin music and last week there was another thing about some kind of Latin music
that nobody ever heard of before, even on the Spanish language music stations.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, is the hero ever going to write anything of interest to anybody who speaks English?
No, thank you.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
With four question marks.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, about Tom Green.
There's this one special obviously where it's a spring break episode and he happens to be on this cruise ship.
And what they do is they shave his chest hair and they put it in between two slices of bread and they offer it to people.
And I just thought it was pretty funny.
Yeah.
And last thing, Britney Spears, I want to bang in the butt.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
She'll be right there in Palm Pano Beach tonight, sir.
Take a good close look at that.
Back them.
Think about it for a while and then good luck.
Okay, two calls left in the board.
I guess we can probably eat lunch and peace today.
Okay, we have to the last couple of weeks.
We had a little too much action on the show for two or three weeks.
Better comment right down in the summertime blues.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in Western.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You'll Neil, how you doing?
All right.
Hey, with all of your talent and skills and know it all, how come you're such a racist?
Meaning what?
With all of my talent and skill and know how I'm a racist?
Yes.
Meaning what?
Meaning you're a racist.
No, I'm not.
You're not.
No, I'm not.
I'm going to say it for the five million time.
I like nice people, okay?
I like people like an IQ bigger than their thumbnail.
Nice people.
I don't care if they're white or they're black or they're yellow or they're...
I don't care what they are.
What makes you say that I'm racist?
Where does that come from?
Well, with all of your...
crap that you put on the radio about that.
What, what, what, what, crap?
The N-I-G-G-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E
So, well, the big headline in last week's tabloids was Ricky Martin says I'm finished with women.
Oh, I saw that, yeah.
I thought they didn't mention that he, that quote was from when he was 10 years old.
Yeah.
And you have a great day today.
And back to you, sir, I'm glad you reminded me that that was in the globe or the, uh,
Tatler or the Enquirer or the Star.
One of those great American news, but-
Yeah, Ricky Martin says I'm sure with women, I'm pissed off and, uh,
et cetera and so on.
He says I'm turning it over brand new-
Correct him.
Leaf.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Uh, Neil, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Um, one, Tom Green, awesome.
Yeah.
I found that by watching Talk Soup once in a while.
Uh-huh.
And they showed the clips, but I finally found it.
It's mainly on Thursday night-
Thursday nights at 10.30 right after your celebrity death watch.
That's right.
And second, did you happen to read the letter of the editors yesterday in the
Sunsendale?
Probably.
Um, about Rosie O'Donnell?
No.
This lady wrote a letter talking about Rosie O'Donnell and once everyone that owns a gun thrown
in jail and all that crap.
Yeah.
And she writes the problem is we need God back in the school.
Oh, yeah, I did see that.
That's a solution.
Uh-huh.
Some dumb thing-
God and prayers back in the schools.
That's going, oh, yeah, what do you have?
All these other assholes say that.
You see, I hate to break the news to you.
When I went to school, God wasn't in the school and prayers weren't in the schools and
nobody had guns and nobody brought knives to school and nobody was getting shot in school
and we didn't have metal detectors and all this other crap.
And that was without God and the prayers and all the other bull crap.
I did.
When the hell was the God ever in the school in the first place?
This is a pile of bull crap.
I say put this bitch with a gun and Rosie O'Donnell's house in this shoe.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Maybe Rosie can do it.
600 open lines here.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Obviously, this audience not the least bit inspired by the prospects for Godfather 4.
Here's Hollywood.
Like I said, here's a mobile and pepper pie.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
You better off talking about Mo Green and Bob Green.
Yeah.
Anyway, I-
How's Mo Dumb by the way?
Okay.
Thanks.
That was it.
That was his material.
567-0560, like I told you.
We're going to play Ricky Martin records all day if you don't get with it, folks.
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Great.
Let's try Margate.
Hello?
Hi.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Neil.
Lots with an M.
Not an M.
I just wanted to direct your attention to page 5B of the local section today.
It's a-
It talks about the inseshuous relationship, but it's a whole full page ad taken out between
by the Sawyer's Mills Mall talking about Lane, I think, and the city of Sunrise.
Yeah.
How they're not.
Yeah.
It's called-
It comes with a secret mall deal.
Something is fishy in the city of Sunrise.
Wayne would never lie to us.
We know that.
Well, I figured you'd be interested as a sunrise resident and-
I don't live in Sunrise.
I live in Plantation Acres.
I don't live in Sunrise.
I don't live in Sunrise.
They've paid me by the minute.
Well, in any event, I thought you just wanted to direct your attention.
I don't have all enough to live in Sunrise.
It's five.
It's page 5B of the local section.
Okay, thank you so much.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
I'm going to look at it.
No.
No, I already know all about that.
It gets old news, man.
It's old fricking news.
5670560, Pound 5660 on the AT&T line.
I come on your day after day after day.
And I bang on these things and I scream about them.
I sit on these things and I don't have any so many.
You're gonna hell new dad! You're gonna hell new dad!
Why is that happening? Why am I like hitting that twice every time?
I'm a little bit nervous, but nevertheless.
Well, let's go to my racist den.
Mother.
Yes!
You can't want to leave me and let the things in my ears.
It's about the hour, but if you want to leave me, you know.
That thing is about me, nothing can go.
I'm on the way.
All right.
Squared, Squared.
You can't leave me and let me.
It's about me.
You and the friends on me.
She was 25, but she's just a teen.
It's about me.
I've been my last of three.
Daddy called me Cosmic Man.
Why does that perfect to me?
Because I'll have to tell me.
I'm a mocker, which by me.
My butt's just hanging around.
Of my show.
She's under it.
She's okay.
She's still fine.
She's shut this car up to her.
You're the next one.
You're the next one.
You're the next one.
You're the next one.
She's up in my house.
We're in a foot factor.
She looks 25, but she's just a teen.
That's pretty cute.
Now she's 17.
That's close to 18.
That's what Greg Priest must have been thinking to 16.
That's close to 17.
And that's pretty close to 18.
Huh?
There's like a little progression there.
And of course, 15 is close to 16, which is very close to 17.
And that's right next door to 18.
You know how they have fake IDs so that the kids can buy alcohol?
No.
Maybe we should get fake IDs going back the other way.
Yeah.
Okay.
If I put some black in my hair.
Yeah.
She'd say, forget it.
56.
Plus, how do you know that she's in the guys?
You know, that doesn't seem to be the thing with all these recording artists.
There seem to be a lot of those, uh, f***, uh, in there.
You never know.
Now that would be a criminal.
Wouldn't that?
That would be a shame.
Even I would say that.
I'll be honest with you now that, and keep in mind that the guy that chees, uh,
and the video, you know, the guy that chees the psychotic over there,
that's the wandered around on the beach that we don't seem to really enough,
he's a male model from San Diego, by the way.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I don't want you to make no assumptions off the mat that he's a f***,
but he's a male model from San Diego.
So, figure that out.
And she's got the hots for him.
So, there you go.
Plus, did you see the dancers, the guys, and the dancers that are swishing around here,
and that, oh, man.
One of them, I swear to God, all pen toes leave the ground at the same time.
The little kind of gookie looking one.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
Racist.
Yeah.
Okay, so that's going to be our poll question today, by the way.
Since I've already been fingered as being a racist here,
what percentage of dark, complex, and folks have to leave America?
What percentage in order for the streets to be safe again?
Huh?
Don't you think that's a reasonable question?
Uh-huh.
I think that's, you know, in order to make America more livable again.
What percentage of folks darker than, let's say,
Sherry Belafade have to leave as of noon today.
And it's already 11.35.
Huh?
Well, Sherry, she's not too dark.
She's just right.
I would say, what percentage of black America darker than Malcolm on the young and a restless?
Oh, that would be an awful lot, wouldn't it?
Uh-huh.
Have to get on those big cruise ships.
Hey, maybe Mickey Ererson can make a big thing out of this, you know?
And I'm sure the hero would go along with it because, you know,
they used to be members of those clubs that didn't include Jews and blacks,
and, you know, people like, who weren't like them?
Old Goyem.
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the law now that in Denver, they passed that?
Now there's a law where you can actually hit your kids.
You can do what?
You can get in Colorado, yeah?
In Colorado or whatever.
Spank, not hits.
Spank.
Spank, and you won't go to jail for it.
Right.
Yeah, but it took a bombing of what, three buildings for the entrance pass along?
Bombing of three buildings.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say, sir.
Bombing of three buildings.
You know what he's talking about?
Yeah.
5670560, that's one of your boyfriends, by the way.
5670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Now in Georgia's back, we got all our good friends back this week.
They weren't here too much last week when you were away.
They missed you badly.
In fact, I should've given out your home phone number.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Get your real busy all week.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you, Booby?
Okay.
Neil, you know, my girlfriend gave me a little, like, an insider,
inside knowledge on Britney Spears.
Allegedly, I think it was...
Are you Bradie?
Yes, Britney Spears.
Which is not a new pair, though.
Her daddy's supposed to be...
He's the one who I think pays for the implants, the collagen, the butterbeats,
but about, you know, the curries.
Oh, right.
She basically said, Daddy, I want to be rich, so...
Well, a lot of people load daddy bait time, then, I guess.
Yeah, well, I mean, it's obvious, like you say, she can't sing a lick.
She might lick it, but she can't sing a lick.
That's what I said, yeah.
Well, you know, that's the way it is now.
You know, the arrow...
Well, you look at...
You look at the top three singles right now.
Number one on Billboard is Jennifer Lopez.
I'll be honest with you.
From the chin down, she's pretty good, but from the chin up...
Well, she's here, she plays a mean chin ball as well, I hear.
But nevertheless, from the chin up, I give her, like, maybe a six-and-a-half.
Not that great.
But from the chin down...
And, of course, the video is like erotic.
Yeah, but she's better than Britney.
No.
From the chin down.
Well, yeah, and probably they're real, too.
Yeah, well, like, I was thinking...
From the chin down.
Jennifer Lopez is, like, a little more mature.
I would say that Britney is more to you, you know, chicken chasers out there.
Jennifer Lopez might have more mileage.
Right.
Well, let's see how it was a music video.
You don't know how many times I said anymore.
You just got to look good.
That's right.
You know, there's got kind of four things.
I think I'm going to boycott...
Oh, the great old movies I still love.
I mean, why don't we just get 20 bands up to break young people in town?
And thank God, back in the year 50s and 60s, it wasn't that way that great singers like Fabian and Frankie Avalon,
they had the big hits, you know.
They're just looking at Tab Hunter.
Just looking good didn't make you into music stuff.
Elvis, Pat Boone, all those guys.
That's a little bit before me though.
Well, same old crap, you know.
Listen, got out of four?
Yes, sir.
For your video, I say we get 20 bands up to play young contendably with a Harvey Firestein voice over.
Britney Spears, the play Tom Hagen after a sex change and narrated by James Earl Jones.
Okay, thank you so much.
And if Harvey can't make it, by the way, how about the latter Nazi?
She sounds a little like Harvey, huh?
She could have played...
Strong, co-yone.
Yeah, easy.
A little mustache.
A little cotton in her cheeks.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60, 100, 18, T wireless line 22,
till noon, I'm QA, I'm going to be a really ponderous Monday and smell it.
Can't you smell it?
Yeah.
Theologic of the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
You wear those shoes in that well and that's just awesome.
Get me up.
Oh.
I'm every time I'm in this room.
Oh.
I'm a little bit so.
Get me up by the head.
Oh.
I got the bad man by my hands, though I'm on fire.
No kidding me.
742 at 560, WQM.
Here's a fact that says I'm pissed off and fired off.
It's okay when the Pope goes to St. Louis and acts to the governor not to execute a murderer
because it's against the Catholic Church.
But if you reveal the secrets of the Vatican, you're going to be punished by firing.
Seconding it says, that's what Robert says on here.
Seconding it.
You're right, Robert.
What do you expect from a guy in a dress with an old beanie on?
An old unwashed beanie?
That's a shake in a real band these days.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you?
I was out of town last week.
I don't know if you saw this.
There was a quote from one of your favorite guys about Coptus about athletes.
Yes, I did, sir.
We talked about that Friday.
Thank you so much.
See what I'm saying?
Old, old stuff.
Okay, yes, we did, sir.
It was great, wonderful.
Even though Bob Costis is still a little torporous.
We can't stand him.
We hit him like poison as a matter of fact, but nevertheless, once in his life, he said something that made sense.
About athletes thanking God.
The Lord did this and Jesus did that.
And the meantime, people are dying all over the world and Lord and Jesus.
They don't have time to pay attention to that.
They're worried about athletes and ball games.
What kind of mindless, simple, and believes these ridiculous maniacal fairy tales for a little infants in a sandbox somewhere who would say...
...to that crab.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and voice in V.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Neil God.
I'm a long time listener, first time caller.
Great.
Wanted to ask you, where do you get some of those...
Where can you buy some of those records you...
Can't do it here.
Can't do it here.
Can't not do it.
I love some of them.
They're really great.
Anyway, just wanted to say hello.
Okay, thank you and goodbye.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
They got no material today, man.
They ran dry.
I mean, they outdid them until these last two weeks.
I mean, they just were...
I don't want to say fantastic, actually, kind of weak.
But, you know, better than usual this time of the year.
But here it is June 28th.
Almost God damn fourth of July.
And they're drained.
Squared, squared.
They're getting ready for Britney tonight.
Boy, I bet you they're really draining it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Any interest at all in this show today?
No.
They're all watching old tapes of Tom Green.
God damn him.
No, I love Tom Green.
In fact, that was the only reason that was worthwhile being here in this town over the weekend.
It was discovering just by accident, just by channel serving the Tom Green show on MTV.
Here's a mobile in Parkland.
Hello?
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing this morning?
Great.
Neil, I've been waiting to hear all morning your comments on our new exhibition for the Panthers.
Well, why don't you be waiting all morning to hear that?
I wonder what the world could possibly decide the fact that this kid is the ugliest one in the draft.
Next to these adeent wins, the Vancouver took this kid is fat and ugly.
Other than that, what do you want me to tell you?
What about that?
Why would I rush to judgment?
What about Trevor Kid?
Trevor Kid is better than Kirk McClain.
He's okay.
Do you think they're going to be starting him or Sean?
No, no way.
He's never going to be a starter anywhere.
He's a very capable back up to Sean Burke.
And let's pray that we actually have some defenses here.
But I'm not going to sit here and start passing comments.
I'm going to watch the NFL draft.
But what am I going to say?
Oh, geez.
There goes the...
Now, how do you like that?
Now, that means somebody in there or somebody picked up the phone somewhere here.
Somebody's potsking around into building with our phone, like in the other room.
Thank you so much to whatever asshole in the other room picked up our phone right there on the air.
That was good.
Oh, I'm telling you, I'm having technical riches myself.
The people in the other room are picking up the guy with the emphoners.
This is a good day to stay at home.
You know what I'm saying?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on.
I mean, who the hell can anybody pronounce this kid's name?
I got it here somewhere.
Panthers first pick, Ukrainian forward.
Dennis Schwitki.
And you'll notice, by the way, that Brian Murray, he made Tim Murray say the name because Schwitki,
can you just imagine him trying to say Schwitki?
He can't say name.
Dispurchment.
So he didn't say it.
In fact, he didn't say much of anything.
He said, but he's going to be a super selection by the Panthers.
And we're going to be to kick some ash.
That's what he said.
And they all went.
Yeah, Brian, get out of here.
Let's move on to a real team now.
Okay.
Yeah, this kid really grotesque.
I mean, you talk about ugly.
So I guess the Panthers may not pick the best election, but we picked the ugliest kid in the whole NHL draft.
We don't want no competition there for Ray Whitney and Pavel Burry, okay?
As far as looking human goes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
I would say Trevor kid is a step up as a backup from a Kirkman clan of good step up.
Nice going out Trevor.
Just don't plan on playing too much.
Not too much.
Maybe about 15 games.
Here's a mobile and Kendall.
Hello.
Mobile and Kendall.
He'll go out.
Yes, sir.
I got fired for.
I'm on the highway.
Guess what?
They're trucking for Jesus now.
All right.
Okay.
What does it say?
Trucking for Jesus.
I'm reading the back of it.
It's a rig.
It's the over-slower.
It says trucking for Jesus.
Yeah.
Well, guess what?
Britney Spears has got a bumper sticker under concert night that rhymes with trucking for Jesus.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
In fact, maybe that was the one down in Kendall.
Maybe that's what they got on that 16-year-old.
She's got Britney beat by a year.
Okay.
Moving the clock back like George likes to do.
The 16-year-old down there in Kendall.
She's got what it rhymes with trucking for Jesus.
And Greg Priest says,
Oh!
Because he's a good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
The hero says he's a good guy.
Yeah.
Cop charged and pimpering a nice guy.
That would be like on a front page of the hero that they said,
Ted Bundy never stole a freight train.
Just misunderstood.
Just a family treated as a child.
Boy, I mean, you talk about somebody must be getting paid off somewhere in this town.
I pay, it's unbelievable.
5, 6, 7, 05, and by the way, you Miami cops, man.
You really cracked me up.
Here's four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Just came that five days in Vegas.
Yes, sir.
What a great place it is.
Uh-huh.
And then you came back here while I apologize profusely, but the hero don't want to know that going on here.
Stayed at Devination.
Uh-huh.
Beautiful place.
Not 100 percent completed.
Right.
But still a great place.
Went to the Rosewood.
A fantastic place.
You mentioned my name at the Rosewood?
No, it was late at night.
Good.
Another thing, did you think, did you see any of the Marlin game yesterday?
Did I see the Marlin game yesterday?
Oh, yeah.
Why are you setting intensely from like about the top of the fourth to the middle of the top of the fourth?
I don't remember what any of it was, but they were promoting a appearance online with Jeff Rimmer.
And they were saying something and Tommy Hutton also said, well, if you listen to River, you'll know where to get a free meal.
They stuck.
Yeah.
I thought that was pretty fun.
Yeah, they're always ripping him and asking any blames me for.
Oh, you put them up to that, yeah.
Like, I wouldn't know Tommy Hutton from Gloria Hutton.
Okay, from Betty Hutton.
I mean, I don't want too many moral games because they're so bad.
But I just had to catch it.
I thought that was a pretty good place.
Nice going.
I always like that Tommy Hutton.
All right.
That's a good news, sir.
Yeah, that's what I say.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's so boring in his town.
Let's have a little bit of excitement.
Okay.
Let's have Britney Spears start naked there in Pompano Beach.
And we'll put it on God damn channel four.
Which by the way, speaking of channel four, I'm so glad I said we did this.
They were doing the news live from day land Friday afternoon.
I'm going to tell you something.
If Angela Ray doesn't explode one of these days, they must have a bicycle pump stuck way up in her neck.
I mean, have you ever seen her?
Angela Ray on channel four.
She is the most obnoxious.
The more I mean in the beginning, she was like a little bit like that.
But now she's carrying it to an extreme because obviously they're not getting any ratings.
And that Ken Rosado, the one that tells the R's, you know,
that Julio from River Halle shipped him in from doing that.
Ken Rosado who wants to make sure he is disgusting, nauseating, too-conducing.
But Angela Ray.
Oh, man.
And then it's always great when they have to segue into a real sad story like, you know,
16 people got killed in a bus crash or something.
And she goes from, and then all of a sudden she puts that real steering look on her face, you know.
And now let's go to Brian Rockross.
Yeah.
I know this Brian was doing a pretty good job of cruising there in day land on the, I'm sorry.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, do you see anybody who spoke English in day land Friday?
No.
Oh, see there you go again.
You bigot, you racist, you, or whatever you are.
Faggot?
Yeah.
Here's a leading mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Have you seen or talked about on your show lately, I don't really know.
The homeless people who give out fires and collect money on the street corners.
I know you've seen around because you live in a similar way.
Yeah, I saw a thing in fact, I clips something out the other day.
Oh, yeah.
I got it right here.
Pan to stop pan handling.
Just give your money to the advisory board instead.
And they're still going to make it legal.
You can still go out there and pan handle, but the advisory board is going to take your money
and give it to the homeless organization, which I don't understand why we need an advisory board.
If you want to give money to the like, Committal Sons or why not just give it direct.
Exactly.
You have to have a PIMP.
And they're teaching these people that they can just stand on the corner of bags for money.
I hate to have a PIMP.
I just advise it.
I can't stand it.
And I'm going to tell you as much as I love Toronto, if you ever were up there,
rarely have a block.
There's somebody else sitting on the street.
Spiritson, change Mr.
Keep going to Subway.
Spiritson, change.
And then they're playing the fiddle and they do all this other stuff, you know?
Well, all I know is I have to go through the intersection of 595 and Pine Island
about 100 times a day back and forth through there.
And every time I'm there, like three different people come up to my car
and look at me and beg me for money.
And I want to rule them.
How can I train them?
Listen to me.
How can a country that says, Rich is this one, okay?
That's got as much money.
How can we allow there to be people sleeping on the streets, pan handling out there, homeless, penniless?
How can we do that?
Well, it's, it's, what time's lunchtime?
It's unacceptable.
I mean, the amount of money you're rate that's in America is discussing the amount of money that you see.
I mean, we got all these bad cats, all these overfed.
I mean, 50% of the country were all fat walking around like a bunch of tubs
and we got homeless starving people out there in the streets.
You talk about having no goddamn conscience.
That's America for you.
Hey, I totally agree and I think you're doing great and I'm a lady mobile who is looking when I can.
Okay.
Take it easy, Bill.
Thanks.
Bye.
Well, sure, I mean, I feel I'm ambivalent about that all while I do like premials, okay?
And I still feel better about Roots, Chris.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Roots, Chris, I want you to know which way to I'm talking about anyway,
because we didn't have our regular way to that.
Oh, yeah, we did.
The night that we all went.
I'll tell you about the waiter later, off the air.
Five, well, somebody ran into him.
Five, six, seven.
Well, he runs into a lot of people in a lot of the same places.
Five, well, I mean, like you had, didn't know that?
Like a waiter in a restaurant.
You didn't know that he's a f**k, a nice guy.
Like he's, uh, what?
What do I keep doing these things for?
I can't stop myself today.
I'm having a, I've made more technical problems today than I have all the last 10 years put together.
It's all because George is back.
I mean, it's because I'm under a lot of stress.
What am I hitting wrong buttons for?
There you go.
Yeah, so let me, don't, let me forget to tell you about the waiter.
Okay, let's go to, but anyway, I'm still a little bit upset about them.
I'm not giving an offer and not that we wanted.
We don't want anything for free.
We don't want an reserved no coffee.
But the offer it, see, it's like a nice gesture.
Did they do it?
No.
No.
Not that time.
But nevertheless, I still have compassion for the homeless and the starving people do I give them any money?
No.
No.
And I should.
I don't know.
How do you feel about that?
Never.
When you come to a intersection, no, and they're standing there and saying, it's like, and it's like a menacing thing, too.
There's like standing there and you're waiting for a red light.
They've got a captive audience.
And they got that cup and they, you know,
and they got that permit that says they got between one and seven p.m. at this location and, uh,
for another 50 bucks, I'm not taking to a better one.
And what's this, uh, caustacek foundation that people with a t-shirt and the orange hats that you've ever worn out?
Yeah.
Is that like a whosad's choco?
They're helping people in America that I thought he was on a show with Greta von Sussner.
You've seen Roger.
He has a foundation.
Caustacek.
I don't know.
You've found like a sack to me.
I don't, I don't remember.
They look like homeless people.
They look like they just, uh, cleaned up all these derelicts and stuff.
What are the t-shirt and the hat on?
I don't know.
Helping people in America and they're passing buckets at every intersection in Broward County.
I'm surprised you haven't seen them.
Well, when you see a bucket, just say,
it okay.
That's my model.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm Neil Hawaii.
Great.
Back to the great pre-story.
Yes.
You know whose father-in-law is?
No.
No idea.
Albozo?
Oh, Albozo is the police spokesperson.
Absolutely.
Is his father-in-law?
That's his father-in-law.
He was quoted, uh, in that story the other day.
Albozo.
Yeah.
From the Miami Beach Police Department.
He's exactly.
One of the things that you did such a great job there on the Akunanian thing, remember?
Right.
When I said, oh, yeah, there was nobody in there.
And it's, oh, well, wait a minute.
Maybe there was.
Just want to inform you.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Okay.
Maybe that's why this story.
I don't want to mention, you know, Blaineport Albozo.
He's got enough problems with his own understandings.
I guess if that's his son-in-law.
Or whatever.
I just don't understand a story.
This grotesque and this widespread evidently from the little bits and pieces we're able to get.
Why it's being so incredibly covered up there, huh?
Because we certainly know that police being human beings, they want to go out there and get laid.
They want to get a little ahead.
They want to get ahead in life.
What's wrong with that?
They want to move up the old ladder.
If she's real short.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
I'm not a good boy.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
She won't go down.
I heard they were going to pay the city 25 million that they want some kind of a hearing in federal court.
And they're going to go full gaming right in total agree.
What do you mean full gaming?
What does that mean?
Full casino gaming?
How can they do that?
They were fighting the battle with the feds.
They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida.
They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida.
They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida.
They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida.
They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida.
They were trying to negotiate a deal with the state of Florida.
And they did that they were going to cut Florida in for nothing.
Yeah, well that's a Bruce Babet thing.
The secretary of the interior.
He's already located in some of the other states.
And we're sitting waiting breathlessly to find out if it's going to be okay here.
And of course if it is, then the state's going to fight tooth and nail.
Bobby Butterworth and Jebby Bush and all these guys are going to be screaming bloody murder.
But you know something if the federal government says it's okay.
It's okay because they're the ones that got jurisdiction.
And Bush and Butterworth won't be able to do anything about it.
I heard it was a done deal.
Great.
They're just being there.
They have to pay the city 25 million of coconut crepes for road improvements and all that.
Yeah, but that's hard.
Maybe that part of it, but it's done deal as far as getting full gambling in here.
That depends on the federal government.
I think I heard that it was done.
All right.
Thanks for the good news sir.
We'll be the first ones lined up right there.
We can stick it right on the Harold.
That's right.
Boy, you think they'd be having a nervous breakdown about that or what?
Oh yeah.
Bobby Butterworth, he come right back down here from Tallahassee.
You think we don't have enough problems already with Ken Jenny?
Look at Bobby Butterworth back making sure who's being naughty and nice.
5607-0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
I bet you we don't have anybody in this audience gives any of these poor bastards out there.
These people are unshaven, unclean, homeless, destitute, grotesque.
We don't have one person in this audience that helps them out with a quarter, 50 cents a buck, a six pack, anything.
That was wrong with you.
Good for you lunch today by the way.
Here's West Palm Beach, Hello.
Hey, good afternoon.
Yes sir.
If you ask any of those people on the corner they can always break a twenty for you too.
So you're going to try to give them money.
I was watching a movie the other morning, Uncle Neon.
I'm going to try that next time.
Got changed for a hundred?
Yeah, they'll break it for you every time.
Okay.
I was watching a movie the other morning and in honor of the 4th of July it was a revolutionary war movie.
I didn't know this but apparently there was another use for the little drummer boys back there in a revolutionary war.
In the Civil War.
Yeah.
And the general would haul them all up to the tent in the evening, have the sergeant made your haul them up there.
And if they didn't want to comply, why he would whip them and beat them and...
Let them.
Exactly.
That's why I hear he wrecked them now.
Exactly.
And for all the Christian folks out there this morning the collective ass of Iowa fell off this morning.
On the today show I saw you know how they had the weather man, he runs around out in the crowd,
sort of like a Richard Simmons, other weather man out there.
I have the earliest man on the face of the year.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Exactly, shiny head and all.
These two guys were standing there holding the sign and the sign said Jill were you marrying me?
And he stuck the microphone up in his face.
He would like to propose to someone and the one guy looked at the other one and said yeah him and they kissed.
All right.
Great.
And he couldn't run away fast enough.
Katie was a spitten mat didn't know what to do.
I'm a Jal broker at Spacer in Red Holy.
We couldn't tell.
It was great.
If you could have seen it it was perfect.
And everyone in Iowa went there.
And it was a big tornado out there this morning they couldn't believe it.
Thanks for the good news.
Goodbye.
By the way the head of thing on CNN is that in Iowa and Nebraska weed grows naturally out there.
And there are those two states if anybody's running out of here.
If anybody's that you're making dealer is run low.
Yeah.
Iowa and Nebraska get on a goddamn plane.
Beware of exploding balls.
Tonight the hysterical channel presents a bet you didn't know with Jack Perkins.
We're all familiar with the role of Michael Carly only played by Al Pacino in the Godfather movie.
But I bet you didn't know.
It was originally cast for ex-Jet Squadron back Joe nameless.
Here's some rarely seen footage of Joe in the role of Michael Carly only.
In my home.
In my home.
Where my wife sleeps.
And my children.
Well, uh, needless to say he didn't get the job.
But join us anyway tonight on the hysterical channel board.
I'll bet you didn't know.
Well 14 is 5 6 to WQM.
Thanks so much to our friends over there at the Tonys for a great lunch today.
And we apologize profusely for the Wolf camera spot playing the back-to-back live and recording.
But that's just a little mistake on the log here today.
Oh!
Many mistakes. It's only noon and already 462 mistakes but who's counting?
I'm five with the wolf.
Yeah.
One more time for the West Coast.
I guess maybe the original of the live-on wasn't long enough.
You think that might have been it?
No.
God, if these spots get any longer, the kind of thing about commercial copy in this place,
you can't complain about it because basically they don't have any.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Not that our sale department is getting problems, you know what I'm saying?
Here's Pember Pine.
Tell them.
What's up, Linda Gignol?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I don't get money to those people on the, you know, on the intersections there.
And it makes it a chore to, you know, stop at a red light.
I mean, you got to, they're dodging it in that car.
Right.
And then it's great.
It's almost as bad as those idiots selling a goddamn newspaper on the S3 corner for crying out loud.
I mean, anybody that either doesn't subscribe to the paper can't go to one of those coin boxes to get a newspaper
in the morning.
What is wrong with those people?
Exactly. Hey, did you read in Missouri that children kindergarten to fifth grade must say yes, sir,
and yes, ma'am, to their teachers?
No, Mississippi, not Missouri.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Close. M-I-S-A.
I was on the first floor there.
Now, let me ask you something.
What happens to these children?
Electrically.
Electrically.
Electrically.
Hey, I know.
The Tom Green show, before he aired his picture,
Why is it what happens if they don't say yes, sir, ma'am, they force him to stay in Mississippi the right there lives?
They worse than death.
Right. The Tom Green show, before the six original episodes, there was a spring break special.
And they were on a Ukrainian, it was MTV special.
They were on a Ukrainian cruise ship.
And the last night, in the middle of the night, three o'clock in the morning,
he goes to the doors of the captain and the next couple of people and command.
What he has is a slice of bread and a 40-pound red-sourced fresh.
I mean, this thing is just fresh on like an ice box.
A piece of lettuce, a tomato and another piece of bread.
He's going around to these people. They speak no English.
He's got a camera in their face at three in the morning going, you know, this is for you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, he did a number with a guy, somebody in the, some sailor that couldn't speak English.
Yeah, yeah, he was like, go away, go away, security, security, you know.
He's absolutely the guy's funny.
He's just there because of panic.
Take it easy now.
And have a great day, sir. God bless you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's my new beat, Chilla.
Hi, Niel.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Well, I'll just touch on that quickly, the homeless thing.
I mean, well, I had a psychology teacher in college and she said, there was one thing that she said
that will, if it's liquid means forever, was she said, a homeless person, a person with a pocket in the end told me,
you don't have to give me money.
But I hate when they don't even like, look at you.
It's like they don't even acknowledge that I'm a person.
Don't, she said, don't, because the 90 money, the don't deny me my humanity.
And I think that's true.
So I always make sure I give them a little nod or, you know, it's good.
A little nod.
How can you look at many eye?
How can you look at many eye and not give them any money?
That's the whole deal.
And of course, in Toronto, the homeless people, the way they get even with you,
when you just ignore them, they say, haven't I said anyway?
You know, as if to say, well, even though you're a cheap bastard, haven't I said anything?
No, I know you're from this area.
I am?
Well, not for good.
Don't say that, that I'm from this area.
That's the worst insult I ever had in my life.
I'm from this area.
I apologize.
Jesus, if I was from this area, I'd be going, eehhhhh.
Like that.
I hear you, but are you familiar at all with the 79C tax?
Of course.
Okay, where's the work in IOD for nine years?
I don't know the 79C tax?
Well, that's North-Aid.
All right, so what I'm saying is, there's a guy out there who'll say,
regardless whether you give him money, thank you.
God bless you and say no to drugs.
I mean, that's his stick.
He says it's regardless.
So, you know, I just feel like they're people too.
I wanted to touch on something, you know.
I went to a casting call for a Fox show, Fox Family.
Yeah.
They were looking for, like, back street boys, ass type people,
bicycle type, ass.
And I'm like a white Jewish boy, you know?
And I like, yeah, I could pass for one of those characters.
But like, you should have seen it with all, like, Julio's and these,
I mean, they were just real ugly.
I was like, what the hell are you doing here, you know?
Oh, there's nothing worse than the ugly Julio now.
Oh, well, hey, you know, that's the, that's the,
I know my lunches were talking about ugly Julios.
God.
I don't know how they expect.
There's the thought of it has got the part of my pizza halfway back up my throat.
I mean, I went there, you know, and I'm not expecting anything.
But at least I looked apart, you know, these people, they were like,
really, really, they weren't even Jennifer Lopez, who he had.
They were like, who he had that you see on cops or something.
Greasy, yeah, grease ball.
Yeah, I was like, okay, it's like, she poke her out from Kindle.
I mean, not the sound, not the sound of it.
I'm not listening.
I saw Channel 4 news out there at Dateland on Friday.
It wasn't a pretty sight, believe me.
That's what I'm talking about.
These people are there.
And they're like, yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna be stars, bro.
And we're gonna be, we're gonna be, think I'm like, all right.
I'm like, thank God I went to college, you know?
Okay, Zagia Zodomego.
Say, say.
Yeah.
Five.
Five, six, seven.
We got 600 open lines here.
Wait, nine.
It's only 1220.
We got to go to a clock.
We're gonna make it today.
Oh, I doubt it.
Hank Goldberg from Shulahsettil.
We got Donnie B.
Talking baseball.
We used to like Donnie B a lot, though.
We found out that he sucked Chris Moore's on the year one day,
and then we started to hate him like poison.
And then we got the Marlins and the Metz, so pregame at 630-705
from PP Park.
Whether permitting they were seeing on the morning show.
You know what that means, don't you?
Uh-huh.
That means it rains every day, and how come they're playing outside.
And then we need new stadium.
Let's forget about the homeless.
Screw the homeless.
Let's build a new stadium before John Henry.
Let me say this to you again.
I understand I'm very confused about things like this in life.
But if I got the kind of money that John Henry
did this wealthy businessman who bought the Marlins.
If I got that kind of money, why do I need the Marlins?
If I got the kind of money that baldie with his real bad zits.
If I got the kind of money like a 1.6 billion he allegedly is worth now.
Why do I need a new shopping center across from the sawgrass?
Why do I need to boss everybody around with his God?
They have crappy sports teams.
What more do I need?
You see what I'm saying?
So some of you should feel better.
Some of you who have no life who are just about your slippers.
That even people with tremendous amounts of money,
they still must have no life.
Because if I got 1.6 billion dollars,
am I going to be worrying about building a new shopping center?
No.
You bet your sweet ass I'm not.
What do they want?
What do they need?
What kind of insatiable ego have assholes like this got?
They got to buy ball clubs and build stadiums.
How come we just build a big statue of these people?
All of them, okay right now.
And then we can put an end to it and say goodbye to them.
We'll have a place called Monument to Greed Park, okay?
Ego Park.
Yeah.
Like MacArthur Park, we'll just call it Ego Park.
And we'll have big gigantic statues of all the people we want to get rid of, okay?
Like John Henry and Wayne Hypinga and all these other paintings in the ass.
People are got more than a, we'll also put what's your name on there too.
Your favorite, who can't sing or what of a paper sack?
You know, I can't, Gloria Estefan.
See I had a metal block there for a second.
Yeah, let's build her a statue.
You can put her husband in there.
I've just a joke.
Put her husband in there next to her.
And get them out of town.
Gloria Estefan.
See one thing about Jennifer Lopez and Brittany Spears.
Maybe they don't sing so great, but at least they look great, okay?
Gloria Estefan, does she look great?
No.
And she sings.
Other than that, she's dynamite.
Just ask her, she'll tell you.
She's very important here, right?
Yeah, just ask the hero, that's her.
It's a very important family.
567-0560, 05-60, 05-60, on a mobile.
And I'll guarantee her Ricky Martin, even though he's a pin in the ass, is a lot prettier than Gloria Estefan.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's the story with those twins that were drafted yesterday?
The Sadeen twins?
Yeah.
The story is they're extremely ugly.
That's the story.
They look like 13-year-old retards.
They are.
So what are heard of Swedes with red hair, by the way?
So other than...
They're grotesque.
Other than the pseudo-brothers that were brothers, and these...
Have they been in the other brothers?
For our brothers, there's all kinds of brothers.
You better get with it, sir.
In fact, I'll see you for a bunch of brothers in Pompano.
These people will want to talk hockey draft.
Get with it.
Stop blowing off the audience, okay?
I'd rather talk Tom Greentalk than hockey talk.
It's the middle of Jatzi Endadune.
It's almost July.
Okay, give us a little breather.
Even a rabbit fan like yours truly needs a breather.
And by the way, the leaf drafted and ugly kid too.
I just thought I'd mention that.
That's all right.
We're waiting for last year's draft pick.
Nikolai on drop off that Russian.
You're waiting for him to come in and do it.
And play some hockey too.
5-6-7-0-5-60, Pomp-5-60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in temper of pines.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Listen, I've not known about fighting off the old Lucy Bulldog.
A couple of months ago, I got off that I-95 is 60 second street.
Yeah.
And I had this black guy just on like a priest.
Black guy?
He's trying to push the
down.
I don't think he's going to be sticking in your push again.
I doubt it.
Good job, pal.
Thank you.
There you go.
Get the hell out of people's faces.
You're going to get the mates in the face if you don't cut the crap.
All right, with a wrap.
I don't know about you, but when I'm in my car, they always say it's like a second home.
It's like next to your home.
And for some people, it's the first home.
Like, remember Johnny Depp before he forgot about it.
He got rich and famous.
He got laid a lot.
Live for a year in Hallendale in his car because he was defted to not on a street and whatever
else.
So for some people, your car is your home.
But nevertheless, this business of driving around the streets of your community or anywhere
in America and having to be cornered by people costing you with God-day militant newspapers
and with your regular ordinary crappy papers and with begging for money.
This is bullcrap.
Get them off the street.
Right next to Ego Park, we're going to have begging park.
That's one of the reasons we didn't want to go to the Miami Arena anymore of the God-day
of hockey games is because, and as much as I raised a lot of money for a criminal house,
that was to help people who were going on the inside to get them off the streets.
Not so they could come congregating around the God-day of arena when you're riding away from the parking lot
to the God-day of hockey game, you know, giving your song a dance.
If I want a song at a dance, I'll go to the radio city musical.
Okay, and see Judy Garland with senior winters.
Oh, he's dead crap.
God, dammit, I missed that last show.
He was good.
So, all right?
So, all right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, he was no Tom Green, but here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm thinking of it.
What is it?
Okay, call me back, your mobile sucks.
5, 6, 7, we have a bad problem with a phone connection today and probably because there
was a cloud in the sky, you know?
Like, yeah, this weekend, the cable by me, media1, you're a suck.
Thank God for my satellite dishes.
In fact, there was something I wouldn't have seen Tom Green yesterday if I didn't have my little dish.
If I didn't have my little one, I wouldn't have seen Tom Green in the dish, too.
Because the cable, every time it's not just rain, it wasn't raining.
Every time a crow flies over or a goddamn talkative or whatever it is, the goddamn cable goes out.
Media1, you bite the big one, you keep raising the goddamn rates, jacking it up, jacking it up.
And the meantime, your service blows.
Blows.
Cable's out for three hours yesterday afternoon.
I watch news or whatever.
Turn it again again and it's nice.
It's gone.
It's out.
Media1, you blow.
Just thought I'd mention that.
Okay, in case you don't know that.
But that's the way it is when the politicians are reliving up for us and they grant these monopolies.
And if you don't like it, it's too bad.
That's why you need a small dish.
The product is sponsored not good, it's great.
Where the whole side shows me praises and I hope that you won't find.
That I bought you a brand new razor for the bush between your sides.
I don't want to hurt your feet, but if you care it all about mine, then just try to trim on little off the side.
In your future and the little, it's a little less than time.
Not too far like the hidden thermostatic, or like a dry angle first time.
I appreciate it.
You were chaining, so I can praise it.
I don't want to swear a toothache when I'm down between your legs.
And it's melon, kind of game.
You could use a black door shade.
I'm not treading through the jungle, that's far as a brillo that you've got.
Because I feel like I'm having sex with these times.
All right.
In your future and the little, it's a little extra stuff.
Not too far like the hidden thermostatic, or like a dry angle first time.
Every time we do, after I truly, I feel the juice.
I'm going to sing a song, kind of a quiet song this afternoon.
I think about another 15-20 minutes going to be real quiet.
I kind of like coma, like sound of a coma.
Here's a mobile in the Viral Beach.
Hey, Neil.
How was your weekend?
I was okay.
I was here, so it was real boring.
Well, mine was pretty good because Saturday night I went to that place, Rubecris.
Yeah.
Excellent, dude.
Never been there.
I just went, because I heard a lot about it, plus if you talked about it.
Excellent.
Rube, I was great.
And as far as these homeless people are, or anyways, on any given weekend,
you can go to any intersection and there's these ball clubs, there's girls' gowns,
everybody's on every corner walking.
That's in the daytime.
It starts early in the morning.
They got there.
The car wash people and the ball club people and the koanas people and the bunch of little pumpkin kids
that want to go to somewhere for the Vienna boys choir.
And then as the day goes on, it kind of like segues from all of these groups.
And as the kids get a little darker out there, the complexion of the people gets a little bit darker.
I know, and it's the homeless.
It's unbelievable.
I've never seen it.
I mean, when I was a kid growing up, you've never saw anybody on the street corner.
And now it's like, I think it's a business now.
I don't know.
Yeah, it is.
That's the American fucking way.
They have franchises for sale.
Okay.
I may be getting a good one after this show today.
Well, thank you, son, and then closing, weighing your a douche bag.
Okay, and say hi to our good friends.
Oh, I forgot to tell you about the waiter, by the way.
Speaking of Rubecris, 5.6705.60, 05.60 on a mobile one line.
Two calls left at a board, and then let's see what kind of music can we play.
Backstreet Boys Millennium.
Number one for the fourth, four weeks on a chart.
Number one in the universe.
I thought I would mention that for some of the smarty pants that don't know their music.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Listen to this one.
Up in New York, where I used to live.
Used to be this guy who panhandled.
Yeah.
Come around five o'clock.
You'd see him leaving.
Hop over the bridge.
You get into a brand new Ford Explorer.
How do you like that one?
Well, how do you think he got it?
Yes.
What do you say?
You know?
I'm a little bit more...
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, here's our last call of the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Whenever somebody comes up to me in the street and asks for money, I just look them in the eye and say no.
One time I was in the drive-through at the Burger King, and there was an elderly man in a wheelchair with one leg missing.
And the leg wasn't under the wheelchair.
I could see the stuff.
So he was panhandling through the line.
I figured, geez, let me get this guy something to eat.
So I go, I get the guy sandwich and some orange juice, whatever.
And I'm like waving it out the window to him.
And he's kind of either, he doesn't hear me or he's ignoring me.
So I drive out, park in the park, and like, get out of the car, go over here some foods, sir.
What's this?
I don't want this.
I said, it's food.
Don't you want anything to eat?
He says, I don't eat that.
Crap.
Give it to some kid.
All right.
Excellent.
Just say no, that's all.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, I don't see an awful lot of sympathy in this audience for those poor destitute slabs out there.
I mean, those wonderful people who are down and out on their luck who bought those franchises.
Whoever's selling them a franchise is how they're going to stay in business.
Unless we start subsidizing them a little bit better than this.
No sympathy, no empathy, no rock monis.
Here's a mobile in Miami or a last call today.
Hello.
Hello, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I don't feel for the homeless people.
That's a guy wheelchair.
He cut it all along every day for money, and then you turn around, and this guy's over buying drugs with your money.
Yeah.
I appreciate it.
Anyway, now I like that.
You've got your habit, man.
Expensive.
You've got to keep it up somehow.
Yeah, you can't even get in before you can get in before you can get in the car.
They're beginning you for money.
Right, exactly.
Okay, whatever you say.
Whatever you say.
You're doing it ahead of anybody having an idea what he said?
No.
No.
Bad mobile today, just a bad technical day all the way around, and the day is over, and you notice that somebody just left and I'll go out of calls.
I want you to feel bad about it.
George don't take it personal.
JP just left every call and the board is dead.
First time in about two weeks we've had this.
That's okay.
Wait till you hear some of the great music we've got all cute up for you.
Today I just finished my first week of boot camp.
I'm sorry.
I just took it that I ever imagined.
I don't know.
But Sarge says that's what it takes to be a good soldier.
Today I learned about the Army's new doughnut from telepholicy about homosexual.
George asked me to bend over.
Stop!
Stop!
I asked why.
Stop!
Stop!
Talk about a dishonorable discharge.
Police!
Call the police!
Police!
They're dead!
They're dead!
Call 41 at 560 WQM.
I'll tell you we've got a lively bunch today.
We've got about 4 or 5 or 6 calls on there just before the break.
And then everybody but one all went away.
I realize it's Monday.
I realize you've got a really tough busy schedule.
I realize there's a really hectic, active, whatever it is.
But that's the way it goes man.
They just don't have time for us.
It's not like the old days anymore.
560-705-60, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Oh, you keep fading in and out.
The commercials would be bad.
Maybe our phone thing is all screwed up today.
Wouldn't surprise me over the weekend.
We have all kinds of mysterious things that go on.
Yeah, just the commercials kept going in and out, in and out.
Really?
Anyway, just the homeless people started out.
Two of them for you.
We were coming back from a soccer game and we stopped off with this pizza hut.
We had an extra pizza hut over.
We stopped and there's this panel and a handle there.
And we offered him the pizza.
You know why I want the pizzas?
I want money.
So I get plenty of food.
You don't want it for money over here.
Right.
Moose and drugs, baby.
You can't buy it with pizzas.
Unbelievable.
And the right thing is maybe it's a triple-claw.
Okay, listen, thanks for the call.
Okay, that was our last call today because obviously our phone is called a mobile sound garbled.
And the phone is cutting in and out.
We got no calls anyway.
So let's enjoy life.
Money is who?
Money is twin shady.
Money is who?
Money is what?
Money is what?
Money is to whom?
Money is me.
Money is what?
Money is what?
Money is what?
Money is what?
Money is slim shady.
I can't deal like primates.
Want to see me stick nine-ish nails?
Are you sure one of my eyelids copying me into exactly like I did?
Try sitting and getting messed up where's my life is?
Brain said wait trying to get my head straight.
Can't figure out which place for I want to impregnate.
Dre said.
Share to you with face.
Why is your face, man?
Do wait.
What did they say?
12?
I felt like a case self.
Who said to himself on the shelf?
Chase in the tail.
Got ticked off and ripped.
Pamela is lift off.
Kiss him said.
I ain't no silicone with this.
Now the pants out and crash fall in the grass.
Threats it in the bathroom and sat down to the fence.
Tell me a lady.
That's my girl.
Don't give a damn trace of me to kick off the world.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is swim shady.
What?
Money is what?
Money is swim shady.
What?
Money is who?
Money is swim shady.
What?
Money is what?
Money is swim shady.
My English teacher won the Flunk Me and Junior High.
Thanks a lot.
Next semester I'll be 35.
Smack the minute face and erase.
I'm chasing with a stapler.
I told the teacher to grade on the paper.
Working in a strip club.
I jack and sipped up.
Shred the bartender walked out with a tip cup.
Extra terrestrial.
Running over a pedestrian.
Space ship screaming led to be friends.
99% of my life I was lied to.
Found out my mom does what dope and I do.
Told her I grew up to be a real famous rapper.
Make her record by doing drugs and name it right after.
You know you blew up when the women rushed her fans.
Trying to touch her hands like from screaming usher fans.
The sky white castle is my autograph.
I get your fucks.
I find it.
Dear Dave, thanks for the support.
Hi.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is swim shady.
Money is what?
Money is swim shady.
Huh?
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is swim shady.
Huh?
Money is what?
Money is swim shady.
Huh?
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is swim shady.
Huh?
Money is what?
Money is what?
Money is swim shady.
Huh?
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is swim shady.
Huh?
Money is what?
Money is swim shady.
Stop the tape.
This kid needs to be locked away.
Dr. Draino's standing in an operation.
I'm not ready to leave.
It's just sharing to die.
Be carrying this out to cemetery and buried a lot.
Am I coming to go when I can barely decide?
It's like a physical late.
Stand me to drive.
All my life I was very deprived.
In other woman in years, my promise is to wear it hard.
Close your talk or be incredible.
I spit when I talk.
I'll do any bitch that walks.
When I was little, he said, just throw fists.
How you gonna breath speed me?
Mom, you ain't got no tense.
Let your wake and show yourself in the bed.
Boom of progress and tell myself in the head.
I'm seeming mad.
And by the way, when you see my dad,
it's gonna be a border portal magazine.
I can see my ad.
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is who?
Money is Twinshoody.
Ha!
Money is what?
Money is Twinshoody.
I'm like Shady.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
My ain't it's Twinshoody.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't sit down with spice girl, I'm gonna fart on.
Get Dr. Dre-ass.
Yo, man, you pissed ass.
Hey, I'm not.
Why do I smell ass?
Man, you look wet.
Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like
hot dripping gases in juice and it was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard
it turned my under way backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's last.
And it caught out my ass fast and I'm fat.
That's you ain't too fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, it's been way to me and stuff girl, huh?
I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to take this world up.
My ain't it's, my ain't it's, my ain't it's.
I'll stop.
My ain't it's, my ain't it's, my ain't it's.
I know how you can see you want to meet kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something.
You probably love my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club.
My testers were filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dump and a kicker.
Went over to a dancer, had a fucking agon.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
I did not send him my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got more gas than I do.
I told her I broke up to be a famous rapper.
They were wrecked about strange audiences.
Made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when I'm living brush to leave.
You drive the whole of the back, but you must need it.
Releases.
This guy at White Castle said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and move.
My ain't it's, my ain't it's, my ain't it's.
My ain't it's, my ain't it's, my ain't it's.
My ain't it's, my ain't it's, my ain't it's.
My ain't it's, my ain't it's, my ain't it's.
And that's all I feel right now.
I tell you, we got off to a pretty deep restart today.
We've had two smoking sizzling weeks for the middle of the summer.
That's what happens when you start.
You start taking things for granted.
You know what I'm saying?
You start getting a little bit too cocky.
You assume there might be a few people in town which I know they aren't.
And I'm sitting here now dead as a door nail.
Dead as a door nail.
So we can either play Ricky Martin Records for the next hour and 11 minutes.
Which is fine with me.
Love that Ricky Martin, you know.
Or we can maybe get a couple of calls on you, but I doubt it.
5.670560, 0.560 on a mobile one line.
We've had a full play today, baby.
And you know, it's just, it's astonishing to me.
I must be the only person.
I must be living in some kind of an igloo somewhere in a cocoon.
This thing with the cops and the under-raids tooker.
Nobody cares about that.
The newspapers don't care about it.
The, you know, the TV they handed on there for a couple of days.
That's the end of that story.
Like, you know, no big deal.
The fact that these people have been destroying people's lives for years.
Who pick up hookers in the, you know, on Biscayne Boulevard in Federal Highway.
Or any other goddamn place.
And planted there.
And also the newspapers, of course, going right along.
Putting the names in the addresses in the goddamn newspaper.
And destroying people's lives in their careers.
And every other goddamn thing.
That's great.
And like I said before, you know as well as I do.
That's somebody somewhere knows the names of all these other cops.
We're coming and going and going and coming and coming.
We're going to go and come and go and come and go.
These, you know, down there in Kendall and wherever else this was going on.
But the only thing we get in the paper over the weekend.
Cop charge them, pimpering.
A nice guy.
He's okay.
Not a bad guy that is Greg Breast.
Something really thinks with this story.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Steve, I'm going to win those 20 games this year.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, listen, when I worked for a time service over in commercial 95.
And I obviously see those beggars out on the corners.
So I just have a stack of cards.
I go, you want to work here?
Here's a card show for work in the morning.
Right.
I've yet to see one show up here.
How do you like that?
Can you blew it?
I believe it.
Okay, you're the man.
Okay, thanks.
How do you like that?
Well, there's a little proof right there.
I'm not going to say because I have full compassion for people who are really homeless.
But this thing has become a scam.
It's like everything else in America.
It's like all those phony ads you see on TV.
How to get rich quick like the Carlton Sheets,
who's full of whatever his name is, full of sheet.
You ever see that?
How to get rich in real estate?
You ever sell that in commercial?
Oh my God.
They send you...
Yeah, I said away for a couple of years ago.
I'll admit to being a sucker.
I said away for the juicer.
You know, the juiceman there,
that guy who's 25, but looks 110.
He's really only 25.
First day I used it.
It broke.
It's in the broom closet somewhere.
Along with the video tape and all the phony propaganda from Carlton Sheets
about how you're going to get rich in real estate.
It's a pile of...
All of that stuff.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay, great.
Thank you so much.
I'm so glad you finally came up with some good material.
Here's Hi, Leah.
Hello.
And Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
That's great.
Hey, listen, I was just wondering.
How do you feel about the Gordon Murphy being traded for tri-
56670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
We're not doing hockey talk.
Okay, we'll give you Jeff Rimmer's home phone number.
Okay, we're not doing hockey talk here on the 28th of June.
I don't feel.
I feel like I'm relieved the season is finally over.
I feel disgusted that Gary Bettman is destroying the greatest sport in the world.
And he's doing it un-un-un-totally un-malesceded, un-un-impated, un-un-hindered by anybody else.
Destroying butchering the game that I love.
That's how I feel.
Okay, sir.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'm doing great.
Yeah, I got my nephew here.
I'm working with my nephew.
Yeah.
And he's in a gifted program.
I want the number of those police officers that can get them one of those hookers under each hookers.
I'm trying to corrupt them a little.
So I'm the reality of why.
Okay, well, let's call up Miami Beach Police to help you out.
Or Miami Police or Highly A Police.
Evidently, all the departments in day.
Just call anyone in a phone book.
Okay.
They all know where to go.
They all know what the directions are.
56670560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Two weeks ago, you did a thing about the Bible and all these things.
Some guy in Michigan or Wisconsin or some more.
Yeah.
I think you're getting addressed again.
I mean, we're going through it all.
Okay, hold on.
Give me the address or not as the case may be depending on what mood you're in at this point.
Okay, freedom from religions, foundation, medicine, Wisconsin.
Maybe it's your age is in a real generous mood.
You'll give me the address or the website or something like that.
I want people on the phone who want to have a verbal intercourse, okay, with neo-roger.
That's what I want right now.
Not people who want phone numbers for some god damn godless organization in medicine, Wisconsin.
Not people who want to tell me some story from four weeks ago or that president like it's got a bad headache
or some real old boring news that we heard or asked me some stupid hockey crap about stuff that nobody in this audience cares about.
Thank god for the time green show.
You know it?
Because if it weren't for seeing those two episodes of the time green show on MTV yesterday between one and two o'clock,
I'd really be in a surly mood.
Because I made a bad, bad judgment.
I stayed here this weekend and believe me when you stay here over the weekend, oh my god.
You sit there and you not only think about watching paint dry, you actually watch it.
You sniff it, you watch it and the paint too.
God almighty.
Oh yeah, but we got all these golf courses.
Yeah, that's right.
I read my case.
See, I learned something very interesting a couple of weeks ago on the show that is unless you play golf or at the very least watch golf on TV
and unless you have a serious gambling problem, unless you have hopefully both of the above, you're not crap.
Okay, you can't be a real man in South Florida.
Unless you have a real serious compulsive gambling problem.
Like you know, most of the people who listen to the other 20 hours on this radio station.
Listen, what are your thoughts on that only at the state Wichita game?
You know.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing today?
Okay sir.
That's good.
How was doing magnificent until about 20 minutes ago?
I feel like blowing my brains out.
I don't mean to come to the ounces.
It's a tough market.
Anyways, I was just saying also what these panhandlers going around town.
I used to work in a pet store at the swap shop about six, seven years ago.
We'd be getting into work about 5, 36 a.m.
and you'd see them all scragging, either coming down from whatever they're on or whatever.
And we offered them, oh well we got a whole truckload of rod iron cages.
You know, unskilled labor will pay you 70 bucks for four or five hours worth of work.
The guy told me he could do that between like eight and nine in the morning.
Yeah.
He would pass up our offer.
There you go.
So I mean it's incredible.
Like I said, I'm getting me a franchise myself.
I'm going to do the one and two are out there on the street corner.
I'm going out.
I'm going to knock this ferricon guy out of here that's peddling his newspaper.
I'm knocking his ass off that corner.
I'm taking over between one and two today.
That's great, Neil.
All right, that's all my material.
You have a great bit.
I'll see you in the past, Neil.
I will see you in the next video.
Have a great day.
Okay, so how to press in 10.
Thank you.
Okay.
That's a swap shop.
Don't get me started on the goddamn swap shop.
Okay.
And press it in his hand and that's sure of Nick that they won a million dollars in Vegas.
Like I said before, if you believed in God and you saw that happening,
you still believe in God, then you need serious psychological help.
Because if God was paying any attention, which he usually is looking in the wrong place, okay.
He's usually watching over some horse race or golf tournament or some ball game.
But if he were paying any, oh, and by the way, speaking of ball games,
because I noticed there's a big thing again.
They're trying to like rehab Lawrence Phillips image.
What a great guy he was.
He never saw a freight train or killed anybody but close.
Yeah, during my channel serving yesterday,
I'm coming across this rule league of whatever they call it, the European National Football League,
whatever they're calling that crap over there.
Barcelona is playing Amsterdam.
And by the way, Lawrence was really a pissed off because the team from Amsterdam didn't bring the good stuff.
They left it behind.
But at any rate, so they're making a big deal out of this.
They're putting it there on TV because they got nothing else to fill the time.
And it must be an NFL contract.
They got to put that crap under.
And they kept showing these low shots.
And I kept wondering how come we don't see even the lower part of the stand.
Finally, somebody must have slipped.
There were 2000, it made the Marlin games well crowded by comparison.
That's what kind of a crowd they have.
That's how much interest there is in Europe for the God damn National Football League.
But just keep hyping and making it up and starting more and more leagues and women's soccer and women's the WNVA in Miami.
That's going to go over.
Yeah.
Bull-dike basketball.
Going to go over gigantic.
1257 at 560 WQM.
You want to calm down.
You're onkin a little bit hyper myself.
I could use one of those Pardoma reserves.
And maybe one of those Cuban bullets in my mouth right now.
Those are pretty damn good, you know what?
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
It's a night on Fox.
From the people who brought you in, animals get placed.
And world's scariest over meeting episodes.
It's a series even more horrible and graphic.
Okay, Kimmy.
Time for nightlife.
The bomb is on that side.
When kids won't go to bed, when kids won't go to bed shows you all the kicking.
When kids won't go to bed, takes you behind the bedroom walls to witness all the crying.
And when kids won't go to bed, there's lots of bargaining too.
Five more minutes.
Oh, you're kidding.
Tonight, right after world's most gratuitous violence, only on Fox.
It's a minute after one at 560 WQM.
I think we'll be here at 2 or sooner if he wants to.
If he's over there at 2, it's already going to be glad to give him 30, 40, 55 minutes of this show today.
Nothing personal, but you know.
And then of course at 6 o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie B who thinks that Christine and more is a genius.
And then we got the Apre Game at 630, the Marlins and the Metz.
Any interest besides the Metz fans in the game tonight?
The four game series.
No.
It won two in a row.
No.
560, 705, 60, 05, 50, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here is North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
God.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I got two great panhandlers in the year for you.
I've got my Jamaican buddy down on 57th Avenue in the Palmetto.
I gave him a joiner too every time I said, yeah, I'm on.
He takes it right up and never asked any questions.
He takes it right up to what?
Well, I don't know.
And then we've got a guy named Bob.
He fluctuates.
He's either on commercial and 95.
He has a sign and he doesn't bull crap anybody.
He says, why lie?
I want a beer.
There you go.
And that's my guy.
Hey, that's a guy.
Yeah, right out there in the line.
Don't be asked to public time.
You want a guy to your thirsty.
It's 100 degrees in the shade.
That's why I used him when I see guys and they don't have a line on the sign.
If you want a beer, if they tell me I feel like a buck or two.
Yeah, I heard.
I was handicapped guys.
You know the ones that have the sign.
I give my left leg for a beer or something like that.
And then you look down.
Oh, jeez, I wonder if they got the beer.
That's it.
I have a shaman request.
Yes, sir.
Can I have hard deck followed by Georgia's Bungit?
Okay.
Thank you.
At least half of the above.
Have a great day, sir.
Now they want Bungit to see you've got a unconditional scrap.
Jimmy Carter is looking for.
You get out of here.
It's not a wrong thing there.
Okay, it's on four.
Is it?
That wasn't even worth it.
5, 6, 7, 05.
It's a thing.
It is?
Yeah.
But it's more of this.
It's killed more time.
See, you better learn from a master.
Okay, that killed an extra 20 seconds to do that.
And it made me look like a vulnerable antineptics today.
I have been all day, by the way.
Of course, now that what's the name is gone.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
How soon they forget.
How soon they forget.
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I'm here new from St. Louis for the past two weeks.
Well, I'm so sorry.
I know.
I apologize.
I love your show.
Of course.
The only thing going here, by the way, is this show.
Right in the stomach.
That's true.
It is.
You won't find any life in this town.
You like philosophy bags?
You came to the right place.
Well, I had good experiences with panhandlers in St. Louis.
Really?
Yeah, I gave a guy a bunch of coats out of my trunk one time.
I didn't have any money.
He was well appreciative.
Another time I was at the gas station.
And the guy said, can I pump your gas?
Can I wash your windshield?
Can I do anything?
I'm like, no, no.
Here you go, bud.
Get something to eat.
Yeah.
No big deal.
But as a new person in South Florida and a single woman, I mean, what would you recommend?
I'm a bleeding heart liberal.
Well, I would recommend for one.
Should I, you know, give these guys anything or should I run away?
No.
Run like a son of a bitch.
I'm saying this ain't St. Louis sweetheart.
I know it's not.
This is Miami.
Okay.
I will take your advice.
Trust me.
I don't want to sound callousin indifferent, but I'm callousin indifferent at this point.
Okay.
Well, thanks for the advice, me.
Okay.
Good luck, sweetheart.
Don't unpack too soon.
Okay.
You'll hate it.
But last year from St. Louis, you might actually like it.
What a horrible place.
Oh, God.
You went to Chatton St. Louis, man.
You can't even breathe.
It's like that real, real high humidity that makes it seem like mild here by comparison.
But at least they got the good panhandlers in St. Louis.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
You son of a bitch.
Oh, that was so, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you had to work that up from his, uh, from his, uh, callostomy bag or wherever it came from, from his...
Backed him.
Yeah, that was very good.
I like that.
I'm glad that I give you the extra time to work that up from deep down in your balls.
Okay.
That was, uh, you son of a bitch.
Yeah.
I'm scared of, oh, two.
I give you about a minus 400.
Five, six, seven, oh five.
I'm going to play Ricky Martin music.
I'm telling you right now.
You guys, you got your run dry.
You got nothing.
I threw out 6,000 different things here today.
Forget it.
Hopeless.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Thank God I stumbled across Tom Hill yesterday.
That killed an hour, yes, sir.
Yeah, I mean, last, yeah, I mean, last and like crazy early on, when you were talking about, um, these, uh, on television, people had sell these products.
Yeah.
To try to get your rich life culture.
All crap.
It's all crap, and I'm as big of a sucker than anybody.
I got a closet full of crap.
There's one person.
I don't know if you've seen them.
He's a young guy.
He's constantly have a close up of his face.
And he's, his, his gig is trying to get rich off of, um, um, personal ads in a loose paper.
Oh, yeah, right.
Oh, how the front of mine is that?
Try to do that.
Didn't make a dime.
Right.
Dying, he didn't make it.
Well, how do you think this guy really got rich?
You got rich off suckers like your friend that sent in for his crap.
Right.
Yeah, absolutely.
If these, if these people really got rich, it's telling real estate from putting ads in the paper.
They wouldn't be on there on these info.
We're still trying to pet you a bit of bill of goods.
Yeah, absolutely.
This is an last but not least, um, I would like to have a request.
Um, I think, I think you're going to give me the request because I look a little bit like your favorite guy Malcolm.
Yeah.
On, um, on your favorite, um, so far.
Yeah, sure.
That's what they always say.
The, um, probably look more like Malcolm X.
Absolutely not.
The one, um, you haven't played this one in a while.
It's, um, Frank Sinatra.
I'll knock the crap out of you.
On my excellent choice, sir.
Sure.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
That's good.
What's that call?
I'll kick the crap.
Sinatra.
No, I ain't got it.
I got it.
I just because it's your first day back.
Don't start acting so pretty much.
I don't know if it's for real or what.
Yeah, it starts out like that.
If it's for real or what?
If you really forgot her, if you're just killing time.
I'm today, you know, today, I'm out of it.
I'm out of it.
Bad move.
I apologize to myself for profusely.
I can't even say it.
Oh, man.
What's going on here?
When are the good drugs coming in, God damn it.
Jesus Christ.
Boy, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60.
Well, I'll be honest with you.
Okay, it's the middle of the goddamn summer.
There's nobody in town.
We don't want to be here.
We're pissed off.
You know, and you're probably all pissed off.
And you know who else on pissed off is this?
God damn John Penis.
I am so sick and tired of covering this guy's hand.
And what a pussy was.
To be sitting there through the air Friday when I had my blood
drawn for that allergy test, which supposedly we're getting a
result tomorrow.
I think you're going to find out I'm allergic to him.
This man, he wouldn't give you a new piece of copy if he held a
God damn gun to his neck.
Come on, Penis.
Let's get with it.
Christ, this guy, and just because Todd Wreck is the way I'm
jury duty today, that makes Penis public enemy number one in the
building today.
Haven't even seen his ass.
I mean, this guy, I mean, you see it's one thing I made the
fatal error.
When I came on the year about three months ago and I said,
like, you know, like Geldie taught me the lesson about, I don't give a
sh**.
That was the worst mistake he would ever say in this place.
Because even when you say you do give a crap, then you know, maybe even the
squeeze a little something out of them.
But as soon as you say, I don't give a sh**, then you're finished.
There is no chance they're going to serve as their clients.
They're going to get you any copy.
They're going to do any of these things that are a part of the
broadcasting business.
No chance.
And so as a result, I'm sitting here like, you know, and I remember when I
wondered how come these other guys are working?
They put all their live spots on tape.
Remember that?
Now I understand.
I want to apologize to Hank and Joe and Vivo and all the other guys.
Because when they expect you to keep doing the same thing and they give
you stuff that's four months old, who now would want to keep doing that
every day?
Oh my god.
John Penis, you're killing me, man.
You're destroying me.
You're butchering me.
You're killing me.
I'm going to have him take it off of this show.
Then they'll have to go out and find out what real selling is all about.
Maybe you can sell some Marlon spots, but I doubt it.
Are you selling your home or looking to buy?
Yeah, there you go.
Let's play some goddamn tapes.
It's freaking John Penis.
People are iceholes.
That wacky, a wacky who's sane.
Use poison gas.
Are there some people that say, kept dropping bombs on the Jew?
Oh, I got a mic.
I can't.
I don't know.
That ball check, who ripped up the phone?
If I do recall, I had no flag at you, boy.
I guess you don't need no sandals.
John Penis, I kicked the s...
Out of you.
Through the guy who's messing with my ass.
I plant your head like a neg, or run my break a leg.
Yeah, if me, I would give me the Jew.
So they perished, they seized Christ, I'd eat them up like a cat, joke down my age,
and no king of the Jew.
I see a list of my shots with some boo.
Let me be with you, I kicked the...
I kicked the...
I said I kicked the...
out of you.
I'm facting these fucked up bulls.
And I already know about it.
So it's about the shiny NHL and the minor league.
I was stopp already, stop wasting our facts paper.
How many people, how many trees had to be chopped down to make the paper that you're wasting and wasting and wasting
with these old, tired stories like they got to call before about able to look at it ahead.
So Barton West Palm Facts is a man flops down on a subway seat next to a priest.
The man's...
What is that? I see now, I see again, you can't read the whole damn thing because he's got to chopped off on the end.
There's nothing worth them what's chopped off on the end.
The man's...
This stained...
Well, that opens up all kinds of possibilities.
His face is smeared with red lipstick and half empty bottle of gin is sticking out of his coat pocket.
He opens the newspaper and begins reading.
After a few minutes, the guy turns to the priest and asks,
say, Father, what causes arthritis?
Loose living, cheap wicked women and too much alcohol and contempt for your fellow man.
I'll be damned to drunk mutters returning to his paper.
The priest thinking about what he said nudges the man and apologizes.
I'm very sorry. I didn't mean to be so harsh.
How long have you been in arthritis?
Oh, I don't have it, Father. He says.
He says here in the paper that the Pope does.
Oh!
Oh, there you go. Nice going, Bart.
It was Pah. Excellent reading, too, by the way. Thank you.
It was good.
That's okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
So anyway, speaking of since I'm going to get myself worked up again here,
which I shouldn't do with John Penis and the sales department.
So it just so happens this morning that I'm going out to take a leak.
And I come back in around here before the show and who do I bump into the hall?
One of our 48 sales managers, Ray Perry.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Who I haven't seen in months.
And he says, now he says to me something like you would say to a relative.
They haven't seen in about three or four years.
How have you been?
You know what I'm saying?
That's the kind of thing you'd say to somebody you haven't seen.
And like seven or eight years.
Oh, Joe, how have you been?
I said great.
And he just saw it right out the door.
Often in Never Never Land, never to be seen again.
Is this the same Ray Perry that came to us downstairs?
Meaning downstairs had to be like in January or February.
When he became the 84th sales manager on the staff here and gave me a big song
and a dance in a dog and pony show.
Is that the same Ray Perry?
Oh, and he's going to be in every Tuesday morning.
And we're going to take care of this copy.
And we're going to get these salespeople straightened out.
And yada yada, is that the same Ray Perry?
Yeah.
Since we moved up into this studio on the turd floor up here, which is back in March sometime,
I have seen him before today, one other time.
That's the day he brought the Marlon's tickets in here before the beginning of the season,
which was before April 1st, because that was the opening of the season.
So it had to be right right around the end of March.
This is only the 28th of June.
This is our Superior Sales Manager.
That's somewhere along the line that's supposed to be involved in this program
and the people selling spots on this program.
Is it any don't we think?
Uh-huh.
I just mentioned that in passing.
How is it possible?
How is it possible?
And then you wonder why Greg Reed is so paranoid when he reads about this Phantom Station that's going on here.
I'm 1700, then nobody can pick up on your radio.
And he's still peeing in his pants and running around on lawsuit.
Yeah, like stuff like that.
This is one of the great wonders of the world, this place.
It's a miracle that we can even get the door open in the morning.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
Of course, George came back from vacation.
It couldn't get the door open this morning.
But that's beside the point.
Ten minutes to get into the work.
We were trying to send a message here, but he didn't get it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello, that's why I wanted to name it home.
Mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I heard some news that you'd probably be good with.
I thought you'd probably be good with.
Yeah, about the cop in the prosecution ring.
Yeah.
I hear some of your buddies with the Miami Shores Police are implicated in it too.
I have buddies in the Miami Shores Police.
Yeah.
You mean the ones that used to hang out there by the Denny's or whatever that was?
The Howard Johnson?
Especially the one with the shaved legs.
The one with the shaved nuts?
Yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Yeah, Miami Shores Police.
Remember they used to wait there with a speed traffic and they'd wait to me on the way by.
I've forgotten all about that.
Thank you for my, hey, listen, I understand there isn't a police force in Dave County
that don't have maybe at least 20 or 30 guys on the list.
Screwing around with these miners down there.
But like I said before, it wouldn't be nearly so bad if it were for this hypocritical thing.
You know, bubble up there in Washington.
He gets, you know, he's messing around with his bimbo.
But at least he's, uh, he was 21 or two at the time.
Here's the 16 year old juror, and not only are they screwing around with her,
but they're also setting her up in business.
Well, at least they're gonna make sure she don't go hungry anyway, so to speak.
Yeah, her mouth is always full.
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Like around here, we got a lot of people their mouth is always full.
Crap.
Here's a mobile and Kendall.
Hello?
Mobile and Kendall, yes sir.
How are you?
Great.
First let me apologize for not switching this damn phone from digital to analog.
It sounds like crap.
No, it sounds fine now.
Oh, on your end.
Well, we don't care about that.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
I've got two things on my plate.
The first, I have a small satellite dish.
Yeah.
It's the prime star.
And every time it gets cloudy outside of it rains, the signal breaks up and goes away.
Yeah.
Does that happen to you?
Now with direct TV, I mean maybe, oh, maybe four or five times a year it might happen for a couple minutes here, a minute or two there, but generally speaking, no problem with the RCA with direct TV.
Direct TV bought prime stars, so maybe I guess things will change.
Well, but that's not going to change the hardware you got, though.
Well, they're going to come in and change it.
Oh, they are?
Yeah.
Well, I've had very little trouble, not on a very little trouble to small dish.
Now, the cable on the other hand, like including this weekend, like I said before, maybe a one.
Every time a pigeon flies over the acres, the cable goes out for at least two hours.
I've got cable in the dish just figuring that if I didn't do both, I'm going to get screwed one side or the other to nobody really gives a crap.
Right.
Well, you got good news anyway, direct TV is excellent.
Yeah, sitting and watching paper view yesterday and all of a sudden, five minutes in, I hear a thunder crack and then the signal breaks.
And you're paying for it?
Right. Well, I called them today and they told me that when I get billed, I can call them and they'll go ahead and credit it.
But of course, if you call the cable company and said that they lost the cable for hours this weekend, they'd say, oh, sorry, I can't do that.
Right. They probably have some fine prints in the original contract that likes you.
So the other thing is years and years ago, back on 940, you used to play something that you then couldn't play when you moved along and that was walk with an erection.
Yeah, I don't have it.
I can play it, but I don't have it.
Oh, rip.
There was a holster's really good ones that came during that period.
No pun intended.
Right.
I just haven't heard in a long time and a lot of these other things that people are asking for.
It's like really, you're beyond pondering.
Yeah, I agree.
So you just hear the same crap over there.
Oh, if I left it up to the audience, I'd have been out of business a long time ago.
I hear you.
Okay, every day, sir.
Never changed, pal.
Okay.
God bless you.
I'm not changing. I'm too old.
Okay, to change my goddamn spots.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Let me say it again.
Hey, Ray Perry, if you're listening.
How you been, Ray?
How's life been treating you, huh?
Since we saw your last about 200 years ago.
Before my throes, what was your guy at Damien's fin, huh?
What a joke, man.
I'm going to tell you this is, it's just so unbelievable.
And I see I'm getting started back on it again.
That's very bad.
How can I be regressing like this?
This is very bad.
I've been doing so great since I said, I don't give a sh** anymore.
Since Gellie showed me the light and the way and the truth.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Nice to meet you, Tony.
18 minutes, 24 seconds later, and they're gone.
Oh, my God, what a great investment, there's 20 minutes.
That was nice going, Sir.
By the way, he's backing his fee court now.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
They're reaching in there, stretching.
They can't get it.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hi Neel.
Yes, Sir.
I'm a Catholic here.
God bless you.
Exactly.
You're welcome.
The left out of Las Vegas.
What domestic cities do you like?
what does that mean?
I'm going to Chicago in two weeks.
Haven't been there.
Great city.
Great city.
Nothing like down here.
No.
There's more to do in Chicago in five minutes than there is to do here in ten years.
Okay.
Outside of Chicago, I'm going to vacation in December.
Where should I go?
What does that mean?
You're going to vacation in December.
Where should you go?
How do I know where you should go?
I mean, don't you have a life?
What way do I want to go?
That's where you're going to want to go?
Exactly.
I've been to Amsterdam.
I've been to Europe.
I really haven't traveled into the US.
And I'm looking for something a little different.
In the US?
Yes.
Vegas and that's in Chicago.
That's the only place in the US you'd ever want to dream of going to.
Especially in December.
In December, you're going to want to travel in the US?
Unfortunately.
How about clear water?
That sounds good.
It might be a warm air, but I doubt it.
It might be kind of chilly to be honest.
I mean, forget about going to the US.
How about, I don't know.
Somewhere where the average age is under 80.
Yeah.
That only makes this thing.
Okay, good luck, pal.
Get that life manual out, okay?
And Neil, we're going to Vegas.
Is there any good restaurants there?
Is there a place we can get a good hamburger real quick
in between losing our ass?
Oh, jeez, you see what being here so long does to all these poor people?
I mean, this guy's not like a reasonable guy,
but he's lifeless at this point.
Yeah.
In fact, he lives in plantation.
If you want to find where his house is,
all you got to do is drive around for a few minutes.
And just look for the house that's got the big sign painted on the side that says,
I have no life.
That's him.
I feel bad for him because the guy, you know,
till he came here, he was okay.
He's in search of life like so many people in his God for second place,
especially at this time of the year.
How can an area, a metropolitan area,
four million people still be a seasonal town?
You know, like, like,
like, bum fork, North Dakota.
How can this be a seasonal town with four million people allegedly living here?
Does that tell you what you need to know about it?
Oh.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to go to the hardware store on the way home.
I am.
And I'm going to get a gallon of paint.
And I'm going to mix it all up.
And then I'm going to, like,
I'm going to find, like,
get a piece of cardboard out from the garage.
And I'm going to paint it.
And I'm going to sit around the rest of the week watching paint dry.
What, what are you laughing about?
And sniff it a little bit.
Not too close.
So all you kids out there,
there will be stiffened painted,
glue or stuff like that.
At least not from close range.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to have some funky color,
not just your ordinary, like, white or, you know,
like, like, some glossy,
a sheen, some sheenie gloss,
like, maybe from the sheenie elves.
127 at 560 WQ.
I'm even towards his allergies act,
and I'm beginning sneezing up the storm.
I'm telling you, it's this place,
it's here.
I don't get a rat to have to be about here.
I saw Jesus.
Yes.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
So, there is a piece of my car.
All my friends think I was up,
and I set the red flag on the floor.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
And I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus in my shaving cream,
so I left it on my face.
When I went to work,
I looked like a church and I was fired in the spring.
Driving home, I was all alone thinking something was playing tricks on me.
But in the rear of the mirror, I could see Jesus.
There is a back-ass me.
I saw Jesus on the face of Father God.
I saw Jesus on my path up towards the ramparts.
I saw Jesus on my way.
Then God's love.
And the red neck falls.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Him on the side of a taco.
Where the little sass on my sauce.
I saw Him in a bowl of spaghetti in the side of the slupper's jar.
Yes.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Him on the top of the dosed, and the feet deep in my sauce.
All my friends say God's love, down into mid-day fog.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
I saw Jesus on the slink of my door.
Yes.
and sometimes it does have to do with weight loss or allergies or a bunch of
other different things.
Why are you doing it?
What do you mean why am I doing it?
Is it the weight loss?
Partly, yeah.
Partly.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm looking at there's a few actually and I've heard different things from each
you know different source about it.
I've got a friend who did one lost a bunch of weight from a leap.
I think it's called a leap clinic in Boka and then I had a friend who did an
Alcat test.
That's this one Alcat, right?
You're doing the Alcat test.
And he said that he couldn't believe it.
When he looked, I saw his test results and it looked like everything that he was eating.
He was allergic to.
That sounds promising.
They're coming tomorrow with the results so I'll let you know if it's a bunch of crap
or if it seems reasonable.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, I don't know.
The reason I'm doing it by the way he asked me, I guess you know if it'll help with weight
loss, fine, all the way down it.
But John Penis asked me what I do.
This and he brought me a bunch of livertune propaganda and a book in their blood.
I said, okay, I know I'm not some kind of a pan G like John Penis.
It gets all panicky and starts to pass out every time I get my blood drawn.
What's a big deal with that?
But of course, you know, now that I'm seeing the way John Penis is refusing to service
any of his accounts, I'm beginning to really seriously doubt whether even if it is something
really good, I'm going to take it on as a sponsor and put it on the ear even if I think
it's fantastic because you know John Penis is just a slack and off is what he's doing.
Okay.
I mean we got one guy in sales back there.
I don't want to mention one name.
Oh, we got it our big insumin.
He seems to be whacking off and we got one guy who's slacking off and you know Ray Perry
where every time I see these backing off.
Okay.
So what they'll kind of join is this anyway.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18.
Don't take any crap from Book of Brown, by the way, because the first bit on the new
satellite comedy disc.
I just want you to know.
Yeah.
Right out of the box.
I'm going to do my house.
I'm going to keep it as fast as life or last year and a half.
We're doing his trippled dipping and quadrupled dipping even how are Johnson's ain't over saw
so much goddamn dipping.
Even if the skinny dipping pools ain't over saw so much double and triple and quadrupled
dipping in this guy's doing.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
What am I going to do?
He ought to be sunny, Corleone Jr.
Okay.
Bring back Al Martin, Al Martin, Marlon Brand or the slack on the side of the face one time.
Okay.
Give him one good whack.
There you go.
Be a man and quit with a bull crap.
Okay, Brian?
You would be your bad.
You really are.
A genius but a real piece of crap.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, I'm going to Orlando.
Any good places?
Yeah, there's a wonderful place where they got this funny looking clown with ears on.
I mean, what's with these stupid?
How do people get through the day?
How do you think I feel when somebody calls up an adult, not some kind of an infant, but
at the adult calls, I'm going like, where should I go on vacation in December?
I mean, you know, how about the North Pole sounds good?
Really.
I mean, you know, I can't, you ought to hang up on, so don't take any more of those calls.
Please.
Okay, thanks.
He said, didn't he say I ought to hang up?
I think that's what he said.
I just did.
Thank you.
Do let me worry about when to hang up.
And I don't start orchestrating the show.
You let me handle the orchestration, okay?
Like Mitch Miller.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I'm going to start bringing back those great guests, so I'm going to put dog crap on
a microphone or on the guest mic.
That'll be good.
Yeah, we're going to get Tom Green on the show or get Tom to sit over there and we'll
put 20 pounds of cow crap on top of the mic and see how he likes it this time.
Well, actually, he was holding in these people's puts, so I guess he don't mind it.
I guess if he's going to eat all that hair and Vaseline, like he was doing on that second
show yesterday, he don't mind anything, does he, huh?
No.
Tom Green show on MTV, maybe.
Green forever.
That's what I say.
Find and discover the guy that's funny.
3, 2, 1, my good fortune and my final figure, wow.
They're both ringing at my feet now.
We have to fold them down.
I love the three-setting-take-short of strange hands on my pie.
It's light under a thick shirt I've seen on stage at night.
The times they take their clothes off and stop dancing in the aisle.
Well, I know that I should make them stop putting on the wind, thank me smile.
If I could hurry, you'd die.
Every day I have night, I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I swear my hair's that way, riding the wind that's no good.
They scream, they cry, they want to see the sweeter than on the road.
This pain is so rich, riding the wind that's no good.
Let's be the star-crossed-score-dum.
I'm finding a house in bulk-dum.
I'm queer, and my admission, I'm a back who likes jingles.
I'm here to promote this mission.
It's not for that kind of all.
I already made it to the next one, and it's the last.
It's a hot air, it's evening, this is the star-crossed-score-dum.
So let's just wear a six-row high.
This sad crowd, I, I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I'm riding the wind that's no good.
It'll soon seem okay.
I'm going to get you a job, you're my accordion.
I start for the dish, you're a lot, I can say.
I found a dual-stick churn.
I like to wear a dress.
I like to wear a dress, I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I come from far to far, just run and walk.
It's very hard, I'm riding the wind that's no good.
Inside my house, I'm riding the wind that's no good.
I like riding the wind that's no good.
I'm riding the wind that's no good.
Okay, welcome Brian Wins.
Hands down.
Okay, five, six, and now what is this?
I'm sitting here watching these things pop off, pop off,
even Jeff Poppowich, you knew of Amazon Burst by your behavior.
Of course, they're real busy, you know, it's Monday in the middle of the summertime.
Here in South Florida, they're busy, right?
No.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
And now what are you doing?
Okay.
I'm the first time call from Coral Springs.
All right.
My name's Chuck, my son Dan turned me on to you.
Well, great, nice going, Dan.
Yeah, he's only 13, he's been listening for, I don't know how long, but a couple of weeks ago I started listening.
I never listened to him, I'm going to be honest with you.
I don't blame you.
Hey, how I got to say is you kick ass on how it's turned.
All right, you do.
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome.
And have a great life.
You too.
Okay, nice going there.
Dan, Dan, 13 years old, had to turn Dan out of the show, because Dad, no, dummy, he don't listen to A.M.
What person with a brain would listen to A.M.?
Anybody we know?
No.
No, unless they turn on this show.
Unless they had to go out of their way to turn on this show.
So what, what chances does that give to a laugh in 17 on whether they got any chance?
No.
No, none.
You know what I'm saying?
I must be...
By, you know, five, six, seven, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, by the way, Ricky Martin is in the building.
He's next door, a pound 96.
If any girls out there want to come get his autograph, he'll be out there in a parking lot right after the show.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think your listeners will find this pretty interesting.
Yeah.
I'm sure Old Man's time will agree that Thomas Edison is the most important event of this in the New Century.
No.
No, okay.
But in a book, it's called What Great Men Think of...
I say Ron Popeel probably.
In a book called What Great Men Think of Religion?
Yeah.
He gave his answer to what he thought of religion.
In one word, funk.
Right.
And anyone who doubts me?
Well, they asked him, what kind of bed do you like to sleep in, Tom?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, come on already.
Well, yeah, Jesus Christ.
He thought the corn groultoll and I would, and they see an end report.
The weed grows tall and I would end Nebraska.
It grows naturally.
Just, you don't have to plan it.
It just grows.
I mean, it's just a crop.
It just grows like wildfire, like a weed, if you part of that expression.
Someone called earlier, I'm supposed to tell you that that's ditch weed, and it doesn't really work.
It doesn't get you off.
Listen, I'm not going to start getting into a whole big, oh, it is.
Like I said, forget about going to Iowa and Nebraska.
It sucks there, okay?
Just stay right here and a little Jamaica on.
Yeah.
Get the good crap.
And of course, if you're worldly galizer, do criminalize, then you wouldn't have to worry about what kind of crap is in the stuff that you're buying out on the street,
like you do here all over the US, and worrying about looking over your shoulder because you're committing a criminal act, a crime against nature no doubt.
Well, look at the mail come pouring in here today, the junk mail.
Just pouring in.
Must be because George was off last week.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Desperate Monday.
Boy, see you spoil me.
Two great weeks in a row.
Even the last two Mondays have been barn burned.
They actually pretended they had some material made up for it today, though.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Jupiter, yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I don't know even know if you watched the today show.
I hate the today show.
This morning was hilarious, though.
You know how they have outside the people holding on.
Yes, somebody we have any hand report on this, two guys, why don't you get married?
It was hilarious.
El Roker looks like he was going to die.
But somebody told me his face turned red, but it was hard to tell.
Edison does it in the bonk.
Okay.
Yeah, they had two guys on there.
They were asking, you know, what anybody else liked to propose and one guy proposed to another one.
And of course, maybe they just finished it to your gate pride.
See, they picked a bad day because they're all hanging around from Pride weekend,
where they had a million people in Toronto, by the way, for the biggest celebration of the, uh, in North America.
And Ricky Martin just happened to be up there at the same time.
Just to coincidence, of course.
Four hundred open lines.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line.
It's 11 before two.
Hank will be here at two, or like I said, if he wants a few experiments today,
we're more than pleased to turn it over to him right now, right after the break.
