Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Lauderdale presents the Neil Rosario.
Talk to Neil, call 5600560 call free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
QAM BZ read that positions or the BZ broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The science party.
Oh!
Yeah!
The way I move around when I go through.
I call the Mamba movement number two.
I'm the toilet seat that we can swing.
To the Mamba beat, the radio play.
So we got a load and I'm off to the jump one seat.
I got to do a little bit of faith, but it's all I need.
So I can make my hiding, knife and jeez.
And then I'm off to the Mamba.
I'm off to the Mamba.
I'm off to the Mamba.
I don't have the push, I make control when I move inside the side of the toilet bowl.
I never have to spray, it comes out hold.
It looks a little like that to zero.
I just wait through the lens and wait through the lens from the greener screen and I'll tell you why.
I don't see our burning calories, but you never ever get a big red ring.
That's why it's that guy who can't lose the exercise.
You have enough fun when they think of my bowl movement number two.
Hey, look at me, Alex. I'm doing the Mamba.
Hey, come on, George.
It looks like a wheel and he's dead up and stuck in.
Get in, get in, get in.
Okay, I'll get out.
10.0.2560 W2QM.
I think I've just discovered maybe the greatest thing in history this morning.
Wouldn't you agree?
I mean, I didn't discover it, but we just been introduced to it.
Not just for the Atkins people, but for people trying to lose weight or just people looking for something different and tasty.
God, I think he's good.
The only problem is why didn't we have like 10 or 20 more containers of this?
Huh? No, seriously.
I didn't take long.
Well, why would it take long?
It's like sucking on air if I can say that.
Can I say that?
No.
No.
Okay, like I said, it's like a licking wind or a breaking wind.
It's delicious. I'll tell you what it is in a minute.
Maybe I'll just milk it all through the show.
Okay.
And eventually get around to it.
The greatest thing in the history of mankind, zero calories, zero carbs, no artificial sweeten, no nothing.
Man, that could keep me in.
You know something I could do like a fast for days on that.
If I just had enough of it, I could just suck on those things.
But anyway, that's another subject.
Something even almost is shocking.
Besides the fact that sky is falling, we're going to have a lot of rain.
And it's going to get windy and it's going to be more crap, which we're out of use to by now.
You don't have to go rushing out to Home Depot.
You don't have to go running out and buying flashlight batteries and bottled water and having a nervous breakdown.
Yes, Irene is a hurricane, boys and girls, but it's not the end of the world.
Say, mine are just barely a hurricane, 75 mile an hour winds.
It's 125 miles southwest of Havana.
Which quite frankly, maybe the Lord is punishing somebody, Donner.
You know what I'm saying?
After that abhorrent behavior here last week, that just might be a part of it.
Maybe God has pissed off.
Maybe that's why there's the big blow in Havana, although I'm sure it wouldn't be the very first one.
And speaking of that, I don't know what the screamer eats a banana.
Editorial in the hero this morning, anybody else see it out there?
No.
I mean a shock.
An unbelievable shocker.
So it's just, like I said, maybe I just eat the editorial.
Disappointing failure to lead.
Near panelists wrong to block Los Van Bams.
This is the editorial in the Miami Herald today.
Oh my God, can this be true?
Can this be real that I dream it?
Was a hyperventilating cause of all the noise in the thunder and the clamping overnight?
My little dog barking.
Was that it?
No.
No.
I have it right in my hand here in the goddamn editorial too.
So we'll get to that.
And of course, O.J. continues soiling everything he throws.
He touches just like a bad DMVN.
Everything that comes near him, it's like a guy with leprosy.
Maybe he belongs in a leopard colony.
What do you think?
Uh-huh.
Maybe just a leopard colony would be good.
See how they like him, maybe for dinner.
But at any rate, two cops all smiles with O.J.
Pulled from a street to the street.
It was around here that all kinds of people, you know, couldn't avoid the attraction.
And now these two cops that went and responded with 9-11 call,
come and stand out that they were also big groupies.
I don't understand it.
I don't get it.
What is wrong with you crazy people out there?
This is a frickin murderer, okay?
A scumbag.
The lowest subhuman, oh, but he was, he's a home of favor.
Like that asshole said yesterday.
That chronic, uh, asshole.
No, the favor.
It was a football star.
He did those hurts commercials.
Yeah, that's what he told Nicole and Ron.
It only hurts for a little while.
That's what he said.
And I think he might have had a point.
So we'll talk about that.
John Vene, of course, that's all done.
We, uh, and died anybody there.
Oh, no.
Cops contaminating evidence again.
Maybe they were busy getting autographs over there.
John Ramsey's wealthy.
He's pretty famous guy.
A lot more famous now after they murdered the, I mean, she got,
I think she committed suicide is what happened.
Uh-huh.
I think she would probably, so, and you know how we always blame these things on movies and on the show business?
Saw the excesses too many times.
She was doing herself a Linda Blair routine or with the crucifix.
Which is why they think that she was sexually molested.
She was doing that routine and then she finally did the rope around the neck routine or whatever.
And just a hunger cell.
Huh?
I mean, I had to be a suicide.
Nobody killed her.
There are no murderers.
And just the fact that they left them contaminated all the evidence there within hours after they, uh,
found that after he from went downstairs and was allowed to supposedly find the body.
That amazing how he just happened to know right where to go to find that body.
Brought her back up with kind of a blank look on his face holding it out like, uh,
like you'd be holding out, you know, some papers with dog poop on it like, like that.
So there's another great case of justice in America.
But this meringue, that's what it is.
I'm going to tell you right now.
This is the greatest stuff in the history of the human race.
This, this right here, this is what I've been looking for all my life.
All my fat, fat, diabetic life.
Uh, it's great.
No BS.
This, this, this isn't see what I like about this is that there's none of that xylitol and sorbitol and manitol and all the other stuff that makes you feel like you're dead.
You know, you're going to crap your brains out and all that artificial.
There's nothing to it.
It's got water, egg whites, modified malt, vanilla extract, salt baking soda, period.
That's it.
There's no artificial anything.
There's no preservatives.
There's no additive.
And they're just meringue things, which of course as kids, we always used to suck on those and the meringue too.
And what a great snack.
And they come like a little plastic container.
This is like about what?
About 15 of them in there, something like that.
Of what you had about three or four and I had about 10 or 11.
No, but, but seriously, there's, there's nothing to it.
They're very light.
Well, what a great nosh.
What a great something.
Oh, and by the way, I heard that stuff this morning.
They were really desperate.
That business about they want to go play because they, they want to go play basketball at the Jewish Community Center.
And they're calling over.
There is an okay for Gentiles.
See in the words of Albert Einstein, it may have been his most famous statement.
Shicker is a boy.
Remember him saying that Einstein?
Oh, yeah, that's what he said.
So I just stayed a hell out there on you climb just to go find your own damn place to play basketball.
Yeah, I mean, the Schwarzenegger and play because they, you know, they might teach somebody something.
They might teach the Jews that are playing basketball again.
Although I don't think Arnie Ryzen's making a comeback.
No.
No.
No.
Mureng.
Mereng.
Mureng, like I said, keep the damn spit talk out of this.
Spix made it.
I don't care who made it.
It's not important to me.
No, it's important.
But it's just delicious.
It actually got taste.
You see, there are a lot of these products that are very, very good and they kind of like tied you over.
But we don't pretend that they're like really delicious, like a substitute for a Ben and Jerry's fish stick or something like that.
But this is good.
Delicious.
What taste?
And I can only envision now after we get about two, three hundred containers of this.
No, seriously, leaving here every day with a container with this in my hand on the way into the car,
tides me over until I get home.
No pit stops for Ben and Jerry.
I'm serious.
That's one of my biggest problems.
Just get the dust bus throughout when you get home.
Oh yeah, right.
There's only one crumb for get that.
I suck them.
And the Mureng too.
I'm sorry, darling.
Come to me, my child.
Do you need a ride?
Certainly, I don't mind.
I'll drive y'all home.
With me, you can trust me.
I'm a priest.
It's the least that I can do.
I just want to be nice to you.
Come closer to me, my child.
Say, you're trying to have some young man.
Why don't you take your hand and fear my magic room?
Is that enough to you?
What a great ride for these hester as wide as an old shirt to you.
Who?
For today?
I'll go for you.
First of all, I think I should be the double child.
I'll have to be the one beside you.
Or somewhere in Arizona.
And the transporter means, oh, I see.
I think it's the least I've ever seen.
You should be the best times and read as I've seen.
If they should ask what I did with you.
Thank you.
I was always being nice to you.
This will be with you, my child.
God will be with you, my child.
1015 at 560 W.Q.M. I should thank our good friend, Alan,
and Delights of West Booker for sending another care package
and all those great sodas, too, by the way.
Like the Aslim Jones diet, Foufu Burry Soda with zero calories.
And it doesn't have any aspartein in it.
No calories, no carbs, no nothing.
I realize it sounds a little bit strange.
Oh, yeah, we're eating meringue and drinking Foufu Soda.
What do you say to that?
That's probably what most people would say.
Well, to you, OK?
Too bad.
And also, probably ought to give a good little plug to our friends
that the Delightful Bakery, because they were on with us for quite a while.
And that's our good Paisons down there in Kendall.
At 151.30, Southwest Secondary, 70 second.
I have a mind.
Because it's about to manufacture this meringue.
And remember, we had a lot of those snack products from then,
those different custards and whatever, what were they?
The chocolate loose, mousse, de mousse, rocky, bowling color whole deal.
But this meringue stuff, I've never had this before.
I mean, not in this form, and not for the purpose of a bean on the egg and it's done.
This is, I haven't.
This is what it's all about.
This is exactly what everybody needs.
Everybody who reaches for a candy bar, for a snickers bar,
everybody who reaches for a Ben and Jerry's,
everybody who reaches for stuff that just destroys your whole day.
And then you get pissed off and just go nuts.
You say screw it anyway, and I'll screw it up the whole damn deal.
So if we can get, like I said, six or seven hundred containers of this,
five you into the day, I'll be all set for a couple of weeks anyway.
And Alan sends over a whole bunch of other very low carbon,
and some no-carb things here too, which, if I have time, I'll talk about those.
But first, it's very important that it's real.
Let me take this call and get out of the way.
It's annoying me. Mobile and Miami Beach. Hello.
Okay, sir.
Yeah.
Okay.
What is it?
Okay.
I'm glad I got it out of the way.
Another bad phone.
What we had in Epidemic, a bad phone lately.
In fact, I don't think there's anything such as a good phone.
How come I do, I hear them all over the station.
Bad phones out there.
Maybe it's the weather, you think that's it?
No.
Maybe just the phone company sucks.
That might be the problem.
Here's this lead editorial in the herald today of all places.
Like I said, I'm still in shock.
I'm still checking every word to make sure this is the,
not what they said or they said what they meant.
Disappointing failure to lead Mayor penis wrong to block Los Bonne, a band band.
Surely, County Mayor Alex Penelas, penniless, a University of Miami law school.
Oh, he's a U of N graduate.
I never knew that before.
That explains everything we need to know.
He waited for you.
I'm sorry.
I got a little carried away.
Surely County Mayor Alex Penelas University of Miami law school.
Grange would know that he's outside the bounds in asking the US State Department to deny
visas for an on-core performance of Los band band in Miami on ground that could stir up more
protests.
Not only is that an indication of leadership on his part, it demonstrates upside down logic.
Laming of the visitors, Los band band for the disturbance outside of the Miami arena last Saturday night,
rather than those hot headed few among the protesters who threw dangerous objected concert goers,
is just plain wrong headed.
Under the first amendment in the Bill of Rights, the Cuban band once it had followed all the requisite
federal and local rules, had a right to perform, just as those who opposed the group's appearance
had an equal right to protest.
But to demonstrate his precious right did not extend to the first stone,
agro battery being lobbed, and seeking the cross band's second performance, Mr. Pinger,
like Miami commissioners, is putting the weight of his office on the side of those few who apparently
fail to grasp or prefer not to understand that the American writer free speech is given
to all, not just to those who agree with him.
Is the hero really saying this?
Sounds like everything I've been saying for 20 years.
It goes on to say these agitators do not represent and indeed embarrass the majority of
Cuban Americans in Miami-Dade County whose range of views of Los band bands appearance runs the gamut
from apathy to apoplexy.
The strongest sentiment this week within and beyond the Cuban American community is the growing
weariness with the whole issue.
Oh God, say that again.
Mr. Pinger likes to paint himself as a leader who builds bridges among all segments of the community.
He likens himself to the link between Cuban generations as well as among Cuban's and other
ethnic groups.
In several instances, he demonstrated that skill even at political risk.
Yet here was a great opportunity to leap the chasm of cultural and historical misunderstanding
and write emotionalism by correcting those who tout selective repression and he blew it.
Let me say it again.
He blew it.
Oh!
Mr. Pinger's keep them away from Miami attitude toward Los band band and thus by extension
and the other controversial cultural exchange between Cuba and the US is a lost lesson in leadership.
Instead of showing the importance of living up to the basic tenets of a free society, despite the
pain one feels, the mayor appeared to subordinate what was right to what he believed was popular.
What's more, while Mr. Pinger stayed on his band band and encore may serve a short-term ambitions,
it could exact a great price to this community.
Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer.
Let me read that sentence again in the hero today.
In the hero.
Oh my god.
Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer.
It transmits the worst possible message about greater Miami saying that we lack both tolerance and maturity.
That isn't the case.
Well, that's a matter of opinion, isn't it?
You're about to never less.
Yet this community's fabric often strains with loud and passionate debates, especially regarding Cuba.
But those debates are healthy, like relief valves releasing dangerous pressure.
It's a pity that in this instance, the community's most popular and able leader squandered an opportunity to remind all of that.
Oh, this is just exactly what I've said and I want to take credit for because I'm sure that I forced him to write that.
I'm positive of it.
But after yesterday's show, because like I said, I said, where's the outrage?
Where, why are people decrying this kind of behavior, especially those idiotic comments, where he says almost be cast or sympathizers who are throwing a right?
As if he did some kind of a survey.
No, he just assumes that because once again, he's pandering to this mythical group, for this mythical element that he believes is out there, which is just a handful of old misfits and mouth content.
Mayor Pinga, wrong to block those band-band.
There's the lead editorial in the hero today.
Save it forever.
Frame it.
Tap it to your rectum or whatever else you like.
Oh, that's just shocking.
Goes to show you that if you scream in the Ellen carry on long enough, sooner or later, you course, even those people who generally pander like crazy to the most unacceptable elements in this community, they're forced to come around and say what the hell makes sense.
And for them to, now here's a guy who's all alone out there on the ledge, out there on that little limb.
Because at one, obviously he's lost one of his greatest allies because if you'll recall, back during that phony penny sales tax election, the hero, oh yeah, you got to go for it.
And so was the sun settle on his side.
And then after the election, the very next day, wrote an editorial chastising those of you who voted no, telling you you're going to regret it and your bunch of assholes.
But now, now all of a sudden the worm is turned probably because at one hero planted a stuck their finger out the window and they see that public reaction.
And they vote in that election aren't in favor of air finger anymore. He's no longer their furry heard boy.
He graduated, you win.
See, now that I read that, I wasn't aware of that.
Now that I read that, I can almost excuse him. I can't, but I mean, almost could excuse him for his total like, oh, class.
Common sense. He went to you event. I'll make believe school a phantom school.
Oh, by the way, there's another big article here in the which one is the sun settle today.
Marlon's narrow sights to Waterdale and Miami. Waterdale and Miami sites is Marlon first choice. Oh, get out of here.
Air every day. This is just like back in the days last year when every day there was a story in both newspapers that Don Spiley was buying the Marlins and usually on the front page of the front section.
Remember those? Did he buy the Marlins? No. No. Did they get the story right? No. But every day they're on the front page. There was that story Don Spiley's right on the verge. He's right on the edge. He's going to do what he's going to do it. Did he do it? No.
I was crumpled my I am going to lick the inside of this plastic container by the way until I get some more these my meringue gaze.
Mmm. These are great. This is like I'm serious. This is like going to heaven. This is the answer to all of our lives. So anyway, there it is in the sunset and then do the same as I did just say no to I must be crazy. I must be not the crazy one.
Two cops all smiles with OJ pulled from street duty like I said he's a cancer just like that. Let me read that line in it. I still can't believe it.
I can't. I just can't believe it. Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer. Oh my God. You know something. I mean have sexual excitement before the show is over today just from reading that in the Harold.
Anybody else right to you say well that makes a lot of sense by school and but the Harold right to you say not only does it make a lot of sense but how come it took you guys a hundred years to figure it out.
It's a freaking miracle. It's unbelievable. And like I tried to tell you the warm is turning baby the warm is turning because now even the Harold the worst pandewars in the history of the human frickin race even they are decrying this aberrant this grotesque this unfriican American barbaric behavior that goes on here over.
Again and politicians to endorse it. Politicians who excuse it and invite it and even condone it. Nice going. Thank you. I take all the credit for it. I really do because it's like reading my own material again just like reading a lot of those sports columns where they rewrite like that Mike Mayo column a few days ago. We wrote my whole show. God I have the shivers and chills up and down my spine. It could either be from those morangs or else from reading that editorial.
So we get to OJ and all this other good stuff and John Bene and a hockey game last night which I didn't see because I was at the track because sports channel Florida's digital now they couldn't get it on their last night. I do have it on tape and saw the wedding gold there by the way and I hate to break the news to you remember my good close personal friend. There's no such person as Rodic Perot.
I don't want to be on nitpick remember but I never knew anybody named radic perot on the maple leaves.
I was a little bit the best dance for not my head and keep as I want to listen to him said over and over again you want to know why because.
He was just uncovered another scandal here at wqa am I mentioned this a couple of days ago but I wasn't absolutely positive now I'm sure beyond any shadow of a doubt somebody in this building is stealing live avails live commercials from the near Roger show and has been doing it for several weeks now.
I don't want to mention no names. How do you like that? And after our sales manager just waddled in here before the show for the third week in a row and I told her the situation and she keeps telling me of course she would never make up stories or lie to it.
No, the same thing over and over again which he's going to check into it they're playing fast and lose their doing a gym and tandy paid baker they're selling spots that they don't have to sell.
Robbing from Neil and the paying to the beesleys I guess is that how it works around here. Yeah.
Including a guy that I know for a fact bought a spot every day on the show for a year that's getting spectacular results right Alan is that right.
I was just talking about him before and for the second time in four days.
Well Monday he never got on at all.
Because I wasn't positive although I did give him a plug because I assume he was supposed to be on when he's supposed to be on.
Yes. Now you'll notice that there are no empty slots in there that they're sticking all these other commercials and so what they're doing is that they're selling other spots that they don't have to sell.
And bumping my people on here I just want to go on record is saying that because this time I put my foot down because I sat back like a schmuck during baseball season I did they do it last year to I don't remember.
But I know this year they did all year long where they took people to bought live endorsement spots on a show and they stuck them in Marlon's baseball when we had day baseball games.
A bait and switch routine.
And if anybody complained that was a oh you didn't buy the near Rogers show you bought a day part you bought 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
And if there's a ball game in there you're stuck with a Marlon game that nobody's listening to did they buy a day part.
No, first not. They bought the near Rogers show.
But I was obviously beneficial to the radio station to stick those in there because they were getting a much higher rate obviously for those spots then they were for the dollar or a holler spots in a Marlon game.
So they're trying not to lose the spot so you're following what I'm saying boys and girls are you radio people out there bait and switch.
On ethical unconscionable.
I mean where where does it end they can't I won't let them squeeze any more spots in here so they will end up with 9 and 10 and 13 minute breaks love the other shows so what they're doing is they're like you know moving stuff around if they're convenience.
If they can sell somebody else something there they shove it in there.
And take people who have already paid and are expecting to be getting advertisement to the show they're just in limbo somewhere which is right between purgatory and and a back traffic room.
How do you like that?
What an undelightful experience that is.
What's your bull crab?
You're not pulling anybody's fillets and of course they're all in it together you know it's Greg and Luanne and Phyllis and whichever one you talk to oh well I have to go talk to the other one because nobody around here knows nothing just like that.
Roll for the golf tournament where everybody was busy you know like a little circle juror and pivoting around pointing at anybody they could point a finger at.
You people around here man that the party is over baby that it's out of the bag the horse is out of the barn he's a hundred yards down the road the old ways ain't going to happen between 10 and 2.
Just not going to happen here and don't come in here and tell me that the show is sold out with live commercials and then all of a sudden we have four openings one day five open is another and why because people are sticking other stuff in here they're playing games with the goddamn show.
And with our sponsors.
That's how desperate desperate desperate this company is to pay John Henry and Wayne Heisenga.
There is nothing there are no lights it let me say it again if we let them run 40 minute commercial breaks every hour they say okay great we'll go on cell it we'll have it all sold by tomorrow.
Over the stadium diner there's graffiti on the bathroom wall about QA on the spot load.
How do you like that we've become so notorious that even in tea rooms all over the world now there are angry men and women writing messages about the goddamn ridiculous spot load on this radio station people sitting in their drop in their own.
I wrote about our spot load how do you like that.
It wasn't bad enough we got all the bad publicity with OJ and that got term it our general manager opening up a big dumb mouth talking about all OJ related expenses somebody went to nobody can still believe that he said that.
Oh my god.
Jesus what what a thing that is to say and what OJ related expenses are we talking about by the way in quenna lines would like to know about that too.
Wow we're at it little bait and switch here okay you can't complain about our scruples and our principle here at WQM because quite frankly we don't have any.
Here's for a lot of day hello.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing okay.
Yeah I just want to tell you about Miami.
That place is like it's like an unruly zoo there.
Yeah I mean these people they come from you know wherever they come from and they act like animals man you know they have no respect for themselves or.
Or for anybody else I don't care if they respect for themselves but for nobody else.
Huh I said have a great day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line see if somebody says huh at that point I know we've kind of lost each other you know he's going on his way I'm wondering along on my way maybe he's like caught out there in the rain or something in the middle of this storm.
Maybe that might be it you think that could be it could be.
Another scandal here at WQM the spot stealers.
Now I've alluded to this because I've been on to it since they started doing it and when you keep getting an answer all the while there are no avails and then it keeps showing up here with all these other spots stuck in there somebody must be telling story somewhere you know I'm talking about yeah somebody must be a fibon.
Not that I would use the word lie because nobody around here lies you don't understand that I hope because they have very very important the reputation to protect anybody believe that.
By the way line 4 working today.
Oh yes it is thank god look at that.
Here's a mobile in Miami hello.
Hey Neil yes sir.
Have you ever heard when rain delay comes and they say the tarp being brought out is brought to you by Sherwin Williams the tarp at the sponsor to.
Right.
I believe just like the extra point on the dolphin games I'm driving back from the airport on Sunday afternoon listening to the dolphin game against the cold and you know dolphin get the touchdown here comes a Linda Marley to kick the extra point this extra point is brought to you by.
I'm going to keep up I'm Jesus Christ are we that desperate that we have to sell the extra point that we are.
And poor boot I mean he did the show after the game he says the National League scores then they go on a 10 minute break from the American League scores a 10 minute break.
It's unbelievable they can give you all the scores at one time.
If it's a miracle at this station has got any audience left at all it really is.
Well I can't believe that our audience must have the the patience of job.
Yeah unfortunately I drive for 11 so if I flip by enough to hear some of the Marlins games anyway you have a good day Neil.
Okay thank you thanks for the good news.
I'm sorry if I this score is brought to you by this storm is brought to you by.
This is part on the near Rogers there's an idea for you okay.
Part number seven is brought to you today by Sherwin Williams.
Yeah their paints smell a lot better than your dance.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
I mean I've always said that those of us in the radio business were all horse and we are including me to a point.
But when you work here it's like working for like a you know a flat house not like not like a refined house of prostitution.
Not even the dirtiest little whorehouse in Florida but like a real CD flat house.
You know I'm talking about yeah where there's like lights and vermin and bed bugs.
A lot of sexually transmitted disease no clean littered no yeah living just the god Neil.
In the summer of 1999 one movie captured the imagination of the country and this Christmas it'll happen all over again.
The second six.
I think people walking around like regular people what do you see?
I see Johnny Carson.
What?
I see Johnny Carson.
How are you?
How are you little boy?
That is wild that you see me of course I'm not dead.
I see Johnny Carson.
You see what you want to see.
Can you see me?
I see Johnny of course.
I see him make me.
I see him make me stand right in front of you.
Apparently this time the kids all mixed up on the second six then.
I see what he has.
This is crazy.
I will.
Stop whispering of course you can see me I mean I'm still alive.
I just spent millions of dollars on a condo.
Do you want me to do this?
This is not no don't do anything.
Stop whispering I can't hear you.
What? Stop it.
I see you.
You're creeping me out.
The second six ends.
This Christmas.
The theaters everywhere.
Yes.
Okay 1045 at 560 WDQAM.
Anyway by the way you fans up there in Atlanta you're almost as bush league is down here and just kiss Ted Turner Street that you got an owner with a lot of money.
Who isn't going to sell out your whole team?
Two playoff games up there which they win both by the way the first two in the med series and 44,000 people in the stands for each game.
Of course the only problem is that they're brand new beautiful stating holds 50,500 plus.
Six and that's 6,000 unsold tickets for each game.
For a playoff game.
Remember all the crap we took when the Marlins won the World Series three years ago?
All the garbage that we got because they couldn't solve the playoff games.
Right Atlanta.
Most phony the most fair weather they you know they just latched out of a good thing and they just keep suck at it for all they can you know they don't deserve the praise.
Atlanta deserves the thrashers that's more right in line with what you're all about biggest.
I know we have people listening up there in the internet including that Bozo called a couple of days ago.
That was disandain marino or whatever crap he was talking about that doesn't always ask from his elbow in the Falcun's only wish they had him.
You're a real bunch of phony's up there in Atlanta you're not fooling anybody anywhere in the world okay I like your team got a great team but boy you people really blow.
6,000 empty seats twice in a row.
For a playoff game.
And of course the excuses well you know we make the playoffs every year we're so used to getting knocked out.
Yeah yeah yeah right that's great.
You suck it.
Two cops all smiles with OJ pull from street duty.
Post for pictures with OJ.
A lot of people who post for pictures with OJ get into real serious problems.
A pair of Miami-Dade police officers have been relieved of duty for smiling alongside alongside OJ Simpson for a photo a department spokesman said.
The training officer Ralph the Haysu 42 and a rookie trainee at the hammock station are working best jobs petting internal investigation over the response to Simpson's 9-11 call last week detective one del castillo said.
The two officers were sent to a townhouse in the crossings neighborhood after Simpson called about 6-15 pm on Sunday to report that his girlfriend Christy Proty had been on a two day drug binge and wanted to go into rehab.
He didn't say that didn't he didn't he didn't he later said he called about another friend not Proty although Proty is named on the police report it's in there it's right in there.
Two other officers who work at the hammock station gave an account of what happened they spoke on condition of anonymity.
After the investigation officers interviewed Simpson and searched the neighborhood for the missing woman they returned to the townhouse to give Simpson a pamphlet about domestic violence and a card with a police case number.
The Haysu then asked Simpson whether the former football running back and murder suspect or is that murderer would pose with him for a polar white snapshot.
Oh I got to come back to this because you know what they remind me of polar words next shot.
Now the day that Jason brought in the picture of that curly turd of his in the in the bowl right of my lunchtime two by the way nice girl nice time Jason you sick bastard.
And I never really dawned on me until yesterday which shows I must have a lot of idle time yesterday.
How did that come about in other words did he take his camera in with him.
I've never heard of anybody taking a polar word right now the kind of camera into the throne planning on taking a picture of his entrails.
Or did he just leave it and just leave war make sure that nobody else don't flush on the right back and run out to find somebody with a camera.
Don't flush out there I'm coming right back and found somebody with a polar words camera I took a snapshot of his curly turd.
The one that was shaped kind of like a candy cane only course being Jewish when we don't pay too much attention to candy cane that's kind of a glacier thing at Christmas time.
We're getting the story and where the camera came from this is a very important thing by the way because I can't imagine that anybody would take a polar word camera in the toilet with them all depending on what they're going to take pictures of maybe there was a glory hole in there I don't know if we find out.
No, I thought we were getting a spot that was unrelated was that related to one of our bits.
What does that mean inquiry minds want to know about one of our bits.
So anyway, I'm a big fan that has you said would you mind posing for a polar word snapshot with me and of course OJ never minds.
I mean, he just loves the publicity just loves all these people is suck up to him to his murdering black ass.
I would just say black ass to his murdering black ass. That's exactly what I said just like John Ramsey and his wife and their murdering white ass.
The Hayzouc and officer for five years retrieved an instant camera from his patrol car.
Maybe that's where Jason got the camera from officer the Hayzouc's patrol car.
The rookie then shot a picture of the Hayzouc with Simpson who was acquitted in 1995 by California
Attorney General Jerry murdering is a strange weapon called Simpson or frontman golden 1994 a civil court later found Simpson libel for the two deaths or didn't to pay the victim's family's 33 and have million dollars.
After the photograph Simpson told the Hayzouc to wait until the image developed and he autographed it.
How do you like that? I wonder when he wrote on it?
Probably.
Sheeper's laid the rookie officer as Simpson if he could also pose with them too.
Monkey see monkey do see not a good idea.
So I'll never trust a guy named Jesus Simpson agreed the Hayzouc then photographed the rookie with Simpson later the giddy officers.
How do you like that? The giddy officers can you see a nutter like that like a couple of teenage schoolgirls.
We got a geez autographed like the people around here.
Hey look at this everybody we got a geez autographed are you impressed that we got it right here we're holding out of where squeezing it and the autographed to.
Set up later the giddy officers returned to the hammock station 10,000 Southwest one 42nd Avenue showed off their pictures.
Sergent Ariel Rodriguez 35 made in large copies of the pictures to display at the station and that's when the last.
Just like that word of the photographs got back to police director Carlos Alvarez one officer with a hammock station said it might have been because Simpson went on television to talk about the 911 call and said the responding officers only wanted to take a picture of him.
How do you like that playing right at the hands of this murdering son of a bitch.
The Hayzouc and the rookie were taken off the streets we leave the duty.
And given best jobs they were cited with conduct on becoming a police officer and a third officer works with them are said a third whatever the official position of the date county police benevolent association.
Such as they are is that the officers did nothing wrong TV a vice president Rick collage whatever the hell his he's all about confirmed that the informal investigation was underway said Wednesday that there was no rule against posing for a picture or seeing autograph fallen a job.
We certainly don't see a violation collage said although we conceded that the officers might have used poor judgment in 25 years with the force I don't remember anybody ever getting in trouble for something like this.
The pictures are now missing and some other officers are upset about the suspensions and a particle in the hero today.
The pictures are now missing how do you like that maybe when they find those are live spot will be with them the ones that disappeared.
You know what I mean yeah maybe and isn't interesting speaking of OJ that all his pictures are in her office to.
Maybe that's where the missing pictures might be.
Yeah along with everything spot.
And all those other do you like.
So there you go there's the latest lesson for all your kids out there probably a lot of kids get school today because you didn't come
or weather in the rain and it was a pain in the ass didn't have an umbrella whatever good excuse.
There's a message for you don't get your picture taken with a murderer okay if not generally a good idea.
Don't get your picture taken with somebody who is reviled by almost every sane person in the human race.
Everyone with any common sense any class and I can I'm just envisioning this scene just like scenes we've seen around this place of these two police officers who of course work on your tax dollars in Dave County coming back to the police office.
The giddy officers returning to the hammock station going like that all of the we got we got OJ and look at that.
Everything he touches turns to pure unadulterated crap.
Maybe he's part of that cancer they were talking about in the heralded to heralded.
Why would any sane why would any rational person with any kind of judgment whatsoever want to be seen with this piece of third.
I've asked this question so many times on a show never ever can get a reasonable response.
We keep bringing up all the axe murders that are on death road that Ted Bundy's that David Berkowitz's John Wayne Gacy all of these people getting marriage proposals in the mail while they're in jail on death throw waiting to get their ass fried.
Sad desperate people and let me tell you again if you look at most of these big slaughter the bigger they are the bigger the celebrity are the more neurotic they are.
That may not always be true but generally speaking what a list we could make huh we're talking big big worldwide superstars Elizabeth Taylor Michael Jackson.
What's the one that's in the keeps going back on drugs Bobby what else is name I can't think about the one that's in jail again.
But it's cocaine problem that you can't beat.
Which one oh I don't want to say Christian Slater because you don't like him Robert Downey Jr. Robert Downey Jr. I'm sorry.
And how about the river penis how's he been oh won't see him no more.
So why is it what is that all about what is this your worship what is it that's missing in your life that you want to attach yourself to some kind of scumbag if you enjoy their work if you enjoy their movies if you enjoy their books whatever hell it is okay that's fine.
But why is it that you feel so insufficient about your own meaningless little life which evidently you feel it must be that you have to latch on to these people these desparados these slime these scumbags who quite frankly are even lower than some of the people we got here and that's saying a lot that's that's quite a statement that's really pushing it to the max.
Even the barnacles on the bottom of the ship on associate with some of the folks we got around here and those people are lower than these people here I'm talking about.
That's right they're down there with Jacque Cousteau way under 20,000 leaks scored scored under the sea.
But it just doesn't stop there's just no end to people they all they got to do a seam oh oh Jay can I have your autograph oh Jay and put the knife away oh Jay what is that all about.
What does it take to make you people understand a scumbag is a scumbag.
Does that what Einstein said just before he said shikaro's a goi he said a scumbag is a scumbag.
This is 560 Q.A.L.
My dad knocked me out.
He makes me when he tied me up.
When I was younger than me.
I would kill my daddy.
I was a kid I dream.
It's not a media business to me.
I'm a one to know.
He beat me and he beat me to mouth and mouth and mouth my head and you know.
He's up and oh he's up and I'm about to know.
So they're gonna let him go.
My dad knocked me out.
He made me to get it up.
So he's the one who beat it.
You'll never hear him out there.
We'll get to that in a second.
1.2.5.6.
We'll get to that in a second.
1.2.5.6.
I want you to stop and think about one thing.
Remember the contradictions that we had when we first heard about the 9-1-1 call.
We heard the tapes and channel 7 and then channel 4.
They were all salivating with it and then the next day they interviewed this bitch.
I mean this young lady.
Of course, OJ changed this story and basically said that the police officers got it all wrong.
Basically he said they're full of crap.
They're lying.
He never talked about Pedro Guerrero.
That was mistaken and he also never said that it was his girlfriend.
It was somebody else.
It must have been him misunderstanding they're full of crap.
But he had the fact that he's really calling them liars by changing a story in the ministry which is nothing new for him.
You know, Pedro Guerrero is out there chipping golf balls now.
That's a catch-off.
Everybody's chipping balls are slicing necks or something like that.
But the police officers that he made look bad, they're running around with his autograph and his picture.
Oh look what we got. Look what we got.
Of course not having any way of knowing that before the day was true, he would do his best to make them look like assholes and liars and in jackasses.
So like I've said a million times all your kids out there if you want to get ahead in life, if you don't want to get fired from your job, if you don't want to get suspended, which there seem to be a lot of suspensions going around these days from people posing for pictures with OJ for whatever reason, just stay the hell away.
That's a real good idea.
If you see him run like a son of a bitch and cover your neck.
So John Bene, I guess committed suicide.
John Bene, Grand jury finds no one to accuse.
Son of an evidence lacking in death of a six-year-old after we get the big build-up, we had all had four plays for days and days.
Oh it's getting close. They're getting right to the end and the Grand jury's going to come up with something.
You know what they came up with?
Squat.
Yeah!
They're squatting on it.
And of course it's only a couple months away from the two-year anniversary of her Christmas time murder, two years ago.
Our suicide, December 26, 1996.
Oh I'm sorry, three years ago.
Can you believe that?
December 26, 1996.
We're coming up on the three-year anniversary.
I thought it was only two.
Time flies when you're having fun.
A couple of months it'll be the three-year anniversary of her suicide or whatever.
And we still have no culprit.
Critics claim that they...
Now maybe OJ, when he's out there on a golf course, cannot really find the people that kill run and the cool.
But also the permit.
It'll be the same culprit.
They're not that far apart, LA and Boulder.
Same culprit here.
Jambanay wouldn't surprise me.
He's on the case right now.
In between-chip involves.
Critics claim that the investigation was compromised early when detectives believing they were dealing with the kidnapping,
allowed friends and family to roam through the Ramsey Mansion.
Contaminating all the evidence.
Fingerprints, whatever other evidence was they might have been there,
contaminated by all these people.
And then of course police also asked Jambanay to conduct a search
with just coincidentally led to the discovery of the body.
Didn't take him too long either.
He knew right where to go, right where to find it, just right where he left it.
This kind of police work, it sounds just like what happened in the...
Which if you've heard the book, because it's before I was born.
And most of you too, I'm sure the kidnapping and the Lindberg baby,
and the murder of it.
Same kind of police work.
Contaminating all the evidence.
Contaminating the footprints at the base of the ladder that was outside the window where the Lindberg baby was kidnapped from.
Beautiful police work.
And then of course, wherever you're now,
and then when we do have good police work done, when they find the bloody glove,
when they got all the blood evidence, the DNA matches all of this stuff.
And we still can't convict anybody.
Now you know that was all planted.
Oh that's true, I forgot about that.
It conspiracy.
Well, don't you think we'll have a whole bunch of white folks calling in today saying,
hey, we got away with it again?
White power?
Yeah, John and Patsy.
All right, let's hear for John and Patsy, baby.
Some white folks got off this time.
What's wrong with that?
What's good for the goose is good for the esparts?
What's wrong with that?
I don't understand what you're laughing about.
I'm saying that very seriously.
A couple of nice upstanding folks who just, you know, probably murdered their little girl.
I mean, the ransom note that she wrote out,
two and a half page ransom note.
Oh yeah, we're a group of individuals representing a small foreign faction.
We respect your business, but not the country that serves it.
At this time, we have your daughter in our possession.
And I know that if I was going to go into somebody's house,
especially a gigantic mansion like that with all those rooms and all the different hidden places,
I know that I would just sit down, take my time and restripe a nice letter.
And then I would make sure I took her down into a place that was almost impossible to find
behind the washroom, which most people didn't even know that little room was there,
and the door there, so to speak.
And then just kind of like, you know, tidy up a little bit, saunter out, take my sweet time.
I mean, anybody who believes that has got to be insane.
And also, I don't understand this other business of all along.
How is it to kind of pick and chose when they were going to speak to the police?
I don't understand it.
Do you understand it?
In other words, if police say we want to, maybe we've been watching too much perimation,
but when they go to somebody's house, they say, we want to come downtown.
We're going to, you know, we want to interrogate you.
They come downtown.
They don't, they make them an offer that can't refuse.
Isn't that the way it usually works?
Unless, of course, you're a multi-millionaire, which shows again, black rich people,
like OJ, they get one kind of justice, and white rich people,
they get that same kind of justice.
They get away with it.
No, what Brian Blades did didn't want to talk to the police.
Are you starting with him again?
I'm sorry, I didn't say it.
He had, he had important things to do.
He had a run fast and jump high.
I wonder how high, uh, OJ had a jump to get up to Ron's neck with that machete.
Huh?
Well, she's pretty tall.
Although he can't run fast, he's got those damn orthotic knees.
Yes.
Maybe when the knee of the Bronco, it's not really all that far away.
A 1997 white Ford must think convertible.
I was so depressed when I read that.
It would have been so beautiful if it were to say a 1997 white Ford Bronco.
Oh, God, I would have spazed all over myself if I would have read that.
God, that would have been perfect.
As he just keeps rubbing the noses of everybody in it,
remember, I've got this place all screwed up.
He's got this whole joint here in turmoil.
Got the police department down there in the hammocks.
Got them all up in turmoil.
And like I've been saying, very easy solution.
Just go away.
Just bother somebody else.
Don't go away, man, OJ.
Just go away.
And don't come back while you're at it.
Just go find some other white Coke pitch.
Okay, please.
And just don't come back here.
Not that I'm saying that this one is or isn't.
Because maybe he was talking about somebody else.
And then again, maybe he wasn't.
Maybe Pedro Guerrero was, uh, offered there for a couple of days.
And maybe Pedro was out there chipping golf balls.
I mean, let's get serious.
Who in the world could possibly be stupid enough.
Roy!
To believe this crap.
I swear, is that thing real?
Roy!
Roy!
I want to see the girl.
Or should I say she done it to me?
She's not a bad girl.
She thought it was good.
She'll lie with doubts.
I wanted to.
She asked me how long it would stay.
And I started to laugh.
I thought.
It's bigger than fire, grudder.
She drinks when you pee in the bath.
Orred, orred?
But when I woke, I f***ed with love.
She chucked it off.
So I torched her house.
She bettered up f***ing my morning.
Wooooooof.
Rainier here.
My morning.
Why did I just thought I would mention since I saw, um, where the hell I see it on A&E or somewhere.
Maybe it was on, um, I guess it was about John Lennon over the weekend.
And he was a real asshole, by the way.
All these people are like, all, you know, I mean forget about his music if you liked it.
You didn't like it.
You thought he was a great writer or whatever you thought.
But regardless of that, he was a real major asshole.
By the way, speaking of assholes, Jeff Gordon will be on Joe Costello's Motorsport Saturday this Saturday morning at 6 a.m.
for all you racing fans out there.
Jeff Gordon.
I mean, you know, he's, uh, boring.
He's what he is.
He's a little forpe guy.
And maybe he's an asshole.
I don't even know if he's got enough personality to be an asshole.
But he certainly is very, very famous.
And Joe Costello said, pretty please mention it will be on.
And there you go.
No extra charge, Joe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Dural. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There were a lot of things you spoke about.
Let me see where I can start.
Um, first of all, OG Simpson.
I think I said such a liar.
Why do people even give him, you know, like the time of day?
Uh, since he'd lied about wearing those shoes when he was in court.
Oh, he wouldn't wear those ugly ass shoes.
Oh, yeah.
He would have gotten 6,000 pictures of wearing the shoes.
Yeah, about a million, right?
They all fake.
Jesus.
Um, another thing I wanted to say, oh, why didn't the Miami police, uh, officers get in trouble when they arrested Jose Casaco when he beat his wife?
And he was in court.
And all these, uh, cops, if you, if you remember seeing that, all these cops started taking pictures with him.
Oh, yeah.
And it was caught on courtroom surveillance camera.
Is the next one said, uh, star struck cops, man.
There you go.
So right off the bat, if you're a famous celebrity like that, you got the edge because the cops are awestruck.
They don't give a crap.
Who you beat up?
Who you murdered?
What the hell you did?
OG, could I am your autograph?
OG, OJ?
That's right.
What else, Joe?
What a, what a disgrace.
Now, what I actually called for is that you got the, uh, Harold, they're hot and steamy.
In, uh, section 2B, which is the inside story.
Not to be yet?
Yeah.
Uh, the inside story of Willie Chidino saying his part about the event, then, on playing with them.
Yeah.
On Paragraph 6, an inside story.
It says, yes, he jammed with the event, a band more than once.
Not only that, he also bought instruments for some of their members.
So what?
Well, he also says those people are not my enemy.
They are not your enemy.
Only Castro is my enemy.
I have a senior proclaimed and I resent anybody doubting my Cubanness or my position as a free Cuban.
Oh!
I have no way.
Haven't we been saying that already for years?
Right.
Now, it will be interesting to see what these Cuban exiled crazy people are going to do next.
Are, are they one going to listen to what he just said and not protest when this band helps them over?
No, no.
They don't have it in.
In addition to what you're forgetting, the Spanish language radio stations and the politicians like Tomas Odaquilado and all these other assholes,
they'll have them so whipped up by December that there will be five times as many people out there.
Or two, or two, they protest in December and they have to protest Chidino also because of him saying this which we've all been saying for a long time.
So that'll be interesting to see what happens next.
I hope they don't brush this one under the carpet.
Don't we always should just stop.
You know, you're not that enough.
Right. Right. It didn't happen before.
You know, on all of a sudden it's this media frenzy, you know, especially the Latin stations.
And how about that heralded tutorial today, sir?
Which one?
Didn't you hear when I read?
Oh, yeah. I've been hearing everything you said.
The one about knocking a mayor, ripping a mayor of big ass.
Oh, yeah. You know that every thing that's siding with those who this rough public expression is a cancer.
Yeah. Right. You know that when I watch the news with my dad,
every time they show this guy is face on TV, he just walks away.
He can't stand it.
Okay. Have a nice day.
My dog starts puking on a floor when he comes on.
Have a great day.
No, seriously. My little dog. He said, ah, and then eventually.
Every time a mayor finger comes on there.
My little dog is allergic to a finger 567-0560-pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hialia. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Any other, you know, have you heard of OJ Sound the story?
Did I heard what?
The song of OJ. It's called the story.
The story of OJ.
No.
Can I play every?
Go ahead.
Here it goes.
Oh, black goji had a white voice.
Look, you look, you look, you hear.
Oh, black goji had a big old knife.
Look, you look, you hear.
Where the soundbone here and a dead Jew there.
Heal, call, hear, call, everywhere, I'm sorry.
I want OJ black goji to the spotlight.
Oh, he look, he hear.
Oh, black goji went in a court.
Look, he look, he hear.
Yes.
Went in a court and the judge was a net.
Look, he look, he hear.
Good fight, right here and a dead row there.
Oh.
He isn't if anywhere, this is if.
Oh!
He isn't if that Jew there.
Heal, call, hear, call, everywhere, I'm sorry.
Oh, black goji, kill the black goji.
Oh, black goji, look, he hear.
Oh, black goji got the chair.
Look, he look, he hear.
Papa, boy, don't hold the switch.
Look, he look, he hear.
Where the Zaps out here and Zaps out there.
Still that burning apple here.
I was trying to hear it and it ain't broke here.
He didn't, it anywhere, this is if.
I pulled the in a dead Jew there.
Heal, call, hear, call, everywhere, I'm sorry.
Oh, black goji, dead in gone.
Look, he look, he hear.
Oh!
Beauty, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks to Howard too.
Well, I even like Papa, but if he's the one who could
have pulled a switch, even we'll mend our fences.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
I guess I'm the only one that's just blown away
by this hell of a tutorial today.
Maybe they're just so shocked that the cats got their tongue.
I would have thought that people would be just hyperventilating
about that.
It's one of the highlights of my life.
It's just indescribable.
And what do these people say?
Not much, we got 1,600 open lines here as usual.
See, nothing phases these people.
It's just the same, you know, they're just like that,
that same boring note.
Here's sunny aisles, hello.
Yes sir.
Hey, so it's live.
Well, line 7, scoot up.
Call me back on another line, sir.
Sorry, I can't put that on here.
The inside lines, did they work today?
No.
The business stuff, oh no.
Line 7, is that fixed?
No.
We got the cable, though.
Nice going, Eric George.
Of course, so we got our cable here,
so I can watch the weather channel.
There's some nice music from the weather channel.
Well, we're showing us it's been a rain like a subtle bit.
You can get custody in the NXD in the week for a couple of days.
And you people on the West Coast, you better watch it
as first yesterday, if you're by camping through water.
But that's what's on it.
You've already seen it a million times.
And then of course today we find out for sure we got the shadow
without that they're ripping off our spots on the show
and the playing games.
But if we don't just be cooperative like the other shows,
and run 13 and 14 minutes every break,
then we wouldn't have to worry about that.
And believe me, they'd love it.
They would do it.
All I have to do is give the green light and say,
hey, you got all these other spots.
Just throw them in there.
We don't care.
We don't care about the audience.
We don't care about the show.
We don't care about ratings.
We're just here to make you people money.
Which wouldn't be so bad.
I don't mind making them money.
But I don't like putting in John Henry and Wayne
high-pingers pockets.
That's what really frosted my big fat aging ass.
Here's Pepper Pines.
Hello.
Hello, Lee.
What is it?
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm being surprised.
And then if you don't talk about the IREA mayor
who was sprithing in the street with his own people and then...
Yeah, we already talked about that when it was going on months ago.
Okay, sir.
So I don't know what you're surprised about.
My one track, my one no Charlie or whatever your name is.
Rodriguez.
Five.
Hit him again, Roll.
Yeah, hit him again, Roll.
Punch him in the head.
Nice going, baby.
Let's hear it for our Roll.
Ow!
They're so excited and highly.
They're eating Roll.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight,
and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then
and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then
Whilst, whilst, whilst, while there's one in the opposite of ego, which is a level of love I ask in the opposite of people, theirs's credit. a level of
Unbelievable. Exactly. Right. Go test. Puking. Do sing. All right. I'm gonna throw up. Okay.
Get a towel
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Nobody has yet to explain to me. It's just like our quest for a wide-garden vetted hill.
Maybe so old Jake could go there. Maybe that's the reason.
Just like yesterday, I tried for hours to get an answer to that question. Did we get anything that made any sense? No, of course not.
Same thing here today. Why do people gravitate? Why do they surround everywhere he goes?
Everywhere people of his ilk go surrounded by all these breathless admirers.
You got to be out of your mind. You've got to be a very very sick little teeny tiny person.
Who can't complain about your ego because you don't have any?
No self-esteem, no self-respect, no common sense, no dignity.
Just like look at me, I work for these people.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
In toy stores now from the makers of tickle me Elmo. It's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo.
Mom, Elmo's taking my temperature with his hands. The new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon the vibrating Elmo.
Mom, I think I'm falling in love with Elmo.
In toy stores now.
Wow, wow, wow.
So let me ask you a stupid question. What kind of a pilot is this?
See sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't when it stops.
We heard the bubbling in the background, that's bad.
1131, the five sixty, no, two, three, two, one.
I just went through the whole mouth and show them the sign.
So line four, let's see if line four is doing it again here today, huh?
Oh, line four is screwed up again, huh?
What, what, what, what, what?
This thing ain't that good. You're right, we gotta get a real one.
I just got a book of Brian Deistran, it's a lot of fun.
We say nothing, guys.
We say nothing, we say nothing, we say nothing, we say nothing, we say nothing.
And then now you're out.
Okay, how about line seven? How's that one doing?
Oh, every now and then it gets, but it won't work.
Okay, so you were sitting here again the same old crap day after day after day,
we're making any progress around it.
No, no, they're stealing our spots or equipment doesn't work,
but we're doing the best we can.
Okay, you got the cable, what do you want?
That's right, we got the cable today so I can watch that big purple and orange blob on there.
And oh, that's pretty, sure is pretty.
And by the way, it's stationary.
The 11 o'clock I forgot to give that.
The coordinates 21.7 north, 83.4 west for those coordinate nerds out there who plot these things.
And it's still exactly the same spot.
Well, almost 120 miles south southwest of Havana.
Okay, Irene, she's still sitting there waiting to see what she's going to do.
Make up her mind.
Like most women, just take her time figuring out what she's going to do.
So it's going to rain, it's going to be windy, it's going to be nasty,
but over here on the southeast coast, don't have it to a break down.
Unless you want to make Ryan Norcross happy.
Here's Perine. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
Yes, man, I got a route.
I got some beef this morning.
I got some beef with male finger.
Yeah, I understand.
I'm going to be on the young African American.
I've been listening to you, right?
I listen to you, you know, a lot.
I might not like to, but we do listen to you.
Right.
He's talking to good start.
Hey, take this out near.
He's, uh, you said something about he writing the letter to try to get this, uh,
Cuban band, a Castro band or whatever.
Right.
They're from the visa and their master card.
Okay, well, check this out.
He want to get involved with that.
What was he when there's a Cuban spick buddy shot
from a black man in living in the city of the day.
And we was trying to get him to write a letter to the federal agents
to come and investigate the corrupt
city of Miami police department.
What was it in?
Yeah, he's got a police officer shot.
They have come back that was, uh, involved in the car.
You know, I'm trying to get done.
What he did, but fast, fast.
He didn't know he's supposed to be the man for all people.
Not just Spanish speaking people.
You understand?
Homosexual Spanish speaking people at that.
Homosexual Spanish people, right?
No, it's not against you.
You know, I understand.
I have nothing to do with them.
Me and you are right.
You know, you're fast.
They had to not just speak.
We don't like him.
I hate his gut.
I hope he can get on a plane in the crash and in a lake somewhere.
Yeah, he's out there.
Lake somewhere.
Okay.
Okay, if you're going to be flying over Lake somewhere, Mr. Mayor,
I think it might be a bad idea.
I want to change your route because this guy says,
you're going to crash there.
Just like Linda Blair, he said, you're going to die up there.
Something like that.
Just before she did her squirt, squirt, pee, soup, 5670560.
A lot of PNM will be noticed.
That P on the floor.
P soup.
P all over the place.
5670560.
We're operating with a half a deck here again today.
I didn't even realize it.
See, it gets really old doing that.
And you're pumping the number and pumping the number.
Then all of a sudden, you fight on half a goddamn lines.
That's not working again.
And you got howling sounds and puking.
And you got the...
There you go.
And you got this one.
This one just, you punch it up and it rings by itself.
It just does all kinds of fancy squirt things.
So that's why we ought to really,
all the shows ought to be on this thing.
Now, if we're going to try the part of the show,
I'm just going to say,
so I'm going to be considered.
And this will be the 20-minute commercial break.
Here's a mobile in the market.
Margate, hello.
Emil, how you doing?
I'm doing okay, sir.
It's all become just a big joke to me.
I'll just take the money every two weeks.
And if they don't care,
you know, they're a joke.
Have you noticed that the big get us come back
the more the media exploits the situation?
Well, of course.
Yeah, I don't think we have 75 of those tabloids shows on there.
They're in there for the making money.
Big time.
Exactly.
And we have all the,
oh, oh.
Anyway, why do you think Dan Rad,
the lead story on CBS evening news tonight,
to go, which I forgot to mention yesterday,
was they had that surveillance film now from column by and high
and they're showing those poor kids hiding under the desk
in the cafeteria and hiding under the table.
I mean, like we really have to show that to America.
We have to subject those kids to more abuse
and bring back these horrible memories.
And right there, the lead story on CBS evening news,
which is supposedly a responsible news outfit,
which of course is not,
is showing us this crap because it's available.
So let's put it on there.
Where is the unsurprisingly insured pictures of people
while kids get their head blown off?
Exactly, but they, you know what's outrageous?
Where was, and I'm just saying this for general information,
where was a guy like Justin Ventura 10 years ago?
Wrestling.
Yeah, exactly, but why didn't somebody like him come to the forefront?
Well, better late than never.
What do you mean, what was he 20 years ago?
What was he doing here?
Yeah, exactly.
Better late than never, man.
He's there right now.
I say grab onto him.
Yeah, there's no doubt.
I mean, he's definitely an inspiration
and that's what the people of this country need.
Many people like you who speak the truth
and they've got like Justin Ventura to run for political office.
All right.
With that in mind, I think I'm done.
Okay.
Right.
Sticker fork in him.
He's done.
Is that what Joey would say?
I don't see that then.
5670560, 560.
Let's bring Joey Reynolds back.
What do you say?
No, no, no.
How about for two minutes?
No.
He'll put all the chronics on.
Bring in Bill Watch's name.
Bill Marshall, do that stupid little laugh loop.
I'll have all the chronics in the studio.
Oh, yeah.
He'll have many are holding their hand.
Find out which one smells the best.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
But I think we already know.
Yes, sir.
I listened before your show comes on.
I occasionally listened to Howard.
And I was wondering what if there was any truth to the article
I'm in page six of the posts that was read on the news about the logo tomorrow.
OJ deal.
Well, what do you mean if there's any truth?
In other words, I think Howard discovered that story.
He got the story out of the New York Post.
Right, but that most, the majority of the charity money went to the OJ.
That's not what the story said.
Greg Reed and his stupidity, our general manager, said some of it went to OJ related expenses.
First of all, they never raised any $25,000.
They raised a few thousand, maybe five or six, of which the charity got over.
And then they were a couple grand.
As far as the accounting and all that, I have no idea.
But to say that most of them went to OJ related expenses will be ridiculous.
Well, what did that mean?
But if any of it went to OJ related expenses, it would also be totally unacceptable.
Exactly.
If people are especially in line with the fact that we made it very clear to our sales department,
and some of the people that went out of their way to bring them in here,
that we didn't want him to have anything to do with this.
It was made very, very crystal clear to these people.
Right.
And the people that are responsible that are now paying the price.
One of them is...
What?
One of them has been suspended and hopefully won't be back any time in my lifetime.
And the guy who's walking around Scott free laughing in the line.
But what did they want gain out of...
What did they hope to get out of most be going?
That's what I don't know.
Number one, they were going to show us me, especially.
They were going to show us that because OJ is their buddy,
they're going to bring him in with we like it or not.
And number two, they want to...
Here's a chance this should move to be big shots.
Just like I'm talking about, little tiny people who feel very unimportant
with no self respect.
And therefore they got a latch on to this murdering bastard.
Right.
I mean, now you think bad publicity for WQAM is worse than any kind of publicity?
They don't care.
They do not care.
They're not here.
Now you're suggesting that there's some thought process involved there.
They don't care.
They have no concept of damage control.
I mean, why would the general manager talk to somebody in the media and say,
some of the profit went to OJ related expenses?
What kind of a comment is that?
Crazy.
I mean, it really puts a bad light on your whole radio.
Absolutely.
Nobody likes that guy.
Right.
I mean, everybody just flies out.
Nobody with a brain.
Nobody with any common sense wants anything.
They want him a million miles away if not further.
I don't know why he doesn't leave and go live in Europe or someone.
Everyone hates it.
He already tried that.
They told him no way, Jose, get out of here and take your visa and green card.
All right.
We'll keep up the good work.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Well listen, what can we do?
It's embarrassing to work here.
We're here for the money.
Just like they are.
They're here for the money.
I'm here for the money.
At least I'm up front about it.
I'm not going to lie here and say, oh yeah, we're here to be the great sports station.
Now we're just here to hoard the money and that's all we're doing.
And boy, that's why you hear these 85 minute breaks because they don't care.
They don't give a crap.
Don't you understand?
They don't care.
This station stands for nothing.
All right.
Here's a wonderful tour.
Had a major win, sir.
Like the Hershey High Wing.
Could read you mock us to learn.
Correct them.
He's winning my three.
Spatula head.
And then padded his wisdom to paddling.
He's very hard at work to go.
He's losing his wisdom for the job.
For the rainbow.
We just get in that car.
Why them have the hard work?
The friend she said, gave her the hair.
The hair.
For the people.
When they find out he thinks it's drizzled.
Why can't he wait?
I found the boy.
He's dead.
Go on and end the day.
We'll be back in the river.
Go on and end the day.
When.
Yeah.
Even though the race crashed.
Lapsey can't maneuver.
As the biggest fan club.
Hey, your sucks just like a roober.
This fan's gone for a guy from B.C.
And his daddy likes to hoist.
The brakes are not getting hold with man's ears.
They're looking for a good time.
He's wearing red slums.
Fans won't be tingled.
When they find out he thinks it's drizzled.
Why can't he wait?
I found the boy.
Yeah.
Go on and end the day.
Go on and end the day.
You're so fair.
Go on and end the day.
This fan club is going to be on the road.
Go on and end the day.
They're going to end the day.
The last fan club.
They're going to end the day.
Go on and end the day.
We should be out of Calder today to show with D.F.O. and Ed Kaplan.
By the time they get on here, the first thing we hear will probably be...
Don't be 50 dollars.
And we got Hank with Bino at five.
Wow, that should be something.
We're a cool hotline at six and the Red Sox Yankees playoff game eight o'clock tonight.
Too bad about that last night.
Boy, look what I had him right where they wanted him.
And then I hear that guy, oh, that was beautiful.
That guy called the worst team this morning.
Oh, how come you don't have the daytime playoff games on there in the middle of the day?
I got news for you, pal.
We got too many spots to squeeze in.
We don't have room for any stupid playoff games.
Okay, sir.
You better get with the program.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you noticed the Colorado police?
Did not close the case.
What happened to the little boy who went on a hiking trip two weeks ago?
Whatever happened to him?
Won't you him no more?
So I just say that they just blew it right off.
Yeah.
That you show there then in F.
Right.
You agree?
Absolutely.
How could you go to a murder scene where even a alleged kidnapping scene and just let all
these people just go rummaging through the house?
Not only that, they lost this kid on a trail three miles or eight miles.
You know, the three-year-old kid and he met two fishermen and the fishermen are forking
to the kid.
They just let him go.
Something's wrong with the people in Colorado.
Hey, man.
Stayed in hell out of there, man.
Also Brian Craig.
Don't let your kids go to school or yes?
Brian Craig.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, another light bulb.
Listen to her.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Nobody knows who that is, sir.
And nobody cares.
Nobody under the age of 500 cares about the light bulb people.
Don't you understand that, sir?
No.
Can't you get it?
No.
God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Pound 5, 6, 8.
On a AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
All right.
Okay.
Not much material, just a question for you, Neil.
These people that you work for, they got to hear you on the air when you give them a
good batch and not there.
Yes.
And let me ask, don't they feel, whenever they're in your presence, don't they feel just
a little, how would you say, embarrassed?
Embarrassed for what they, you see through the minute, what they really are.
No.
No.
Not at all.
They have no shame at all.
Of course not.
They've been doing business, they've been doing this business long before I came here
and I'm sure they'll be doing it this way long after I'm out of here.
They don't care.
They just have to put up with it because they have no choice because this show is making
them a lot of money.
But they don't care.
They have, they have no screwfuls.
They have no principle.
They do it their own way and that's just the way it's going to be.
And then they run around and they tell little stories and they try to cover each other's
tracks.
That's the way this place operates.
It's a joke.
All money, dollars, they're done.
You got it, pal.
That's not the most important thing.
It's the only thing.
The only thing.
Now I know you said a while back and you know if they were planning on bringing OJ into
your station to do a show.
You stated, if he comes in, you go out.
That's correct.
Now I know you're a man of your word.
Yes.
If you would have stepped away from your contract.
Absolutely.
And I respect and yell or I say thank you for being yourself.
Keep up the good work and God bless you.
Okay.
And I got news for you.
There's the Chinaman Chantin' Healy would do it because they already know just from
the overwhelming the negative vibes.
The desperate me showing up at the golf tournament.
Just like Pete Boulder, what a genius he is, when they tried that last year and another
one of their desperate acts, oh we're going to pay him to do one hour a day.
We're going to sell him all of us to deal with whatever it was.
$1,000 a day to do one hour.
Some crap like that.
It's a desperate publicity stunt because just like us, they're too cheap to roll it
anything anyway.
And just in the day between the time the announcement was made in the next day when they retracted
the offer all of a sudden to OJ, they got a torrent of threats of cancellations from
sponsors and negative vibes from everybody, all 20 other listeners.
How about you even all three are her listeners?
We'll probably threatening to turn it off.
$5,600 and of course if you're listening to her you know that you've got a crystal radio
set to 940 and won't pick anything else out.
5,6705,60, 05,60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
No one else?
Yes sir.
I heard you guys clutch on this morning.
I just threw a name with the OJ.
If you hear that the two of Miami's liners that we fly at the 941 call out there were put
on administratively...
I read the whole article.
Oh okay.
I've thrown a name.
Because they had their pictures.
They had a footwear snapshot and autographs and were there sucking around with them.
And like I said before and then later in the day after they were screwing around and
giggling in the giddy back at the hammocks police department then he makes fools out of
them and makes liars out of them by denying that he told them all the stuff that he did
tell them.
Exactly.
So that's the reward they get for sucking up to him is A they get suspended and B he
claims that their full of crap and he never said those things.
Exactly.
And the guy a couple of colors ago was was patchy ramsy and the Colorado and a little boy
was missing?
Probably.
They should have been missing.
Okay.
Yeah.
Little kids keep seeing the thing to keep disappearing every time the ramsies are around.
I want to and I said to George this during a break before and this is the name truth.
If they would have found a stash of drugs in that house even with all their money I bet
you that they had the TV crews in there they made a big bus.
Oh John Ramsey's a notorious international drug dealer.
We found all this coke and we found a huge stash because drugs are evil murder and that's
not so bad.
But drugs are real bad.
It's like the American mentality that sex is evil and bad and dirty but violence that's
okay.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey Neil how's it going?
Okay sir.
Unbelievable.
It's about to come on the news again about Raul Martinez attacking that kid.
Highly mayor.
He attacked that kid.
It's on channel seven.
Why is it coming on again?
What are you talking about?
First of all, I want to get out on channel seven news.
Why?
Why do I want to see that again?
Because this kid is supposedly attacked a mayor and they finally showed the videos of
a channel seven.
It's old news.
He's standing there.
But old news.
Nobody cares.
Okay.
Get a life.
Get a life by professional Hollywood friend.
Get a life.
Nobody cares.
I'm watching the weather channel right now.
I'm watching Hurricane Irene.
Good night Irene.
Good night.
Whatever that song was.
I don't give a crap about Raul Martinez.
You're boring.
You're ponderous.
You're terminal.
We wish Raul Martinez would go away too.
Just like maybe he could take OJ with him.
Pack a maybe a no-chay and a goddamn small black bag and get out of here.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Sad.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay sir.
Hey I don't get you show very much but it sounds pretty good.
I just had a couple of quick comments.
First of all, OJ over here in Coyote County.
We send his ass up the Tallahassee Old Sparky if he did anything in Florida.
Hopefully this is good.
Maybe even up to Arcadia.
Yeah.
Well, hey Arcadia, it would make it out a lot.
But I want it just to say that it's a pretty good show.
Sorry I can't get it too much.
We're getting ready for the Hurricane.
But I glad the last caller cleared up the issue about some guy named Raul Martinez.
I just heard that other thing.
But I wanted to call mostly about OJ and...
Okay thank you.
Okay, 56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Okay sir.
I'm pretty depressed my friend today is my 30th.
What are you depressed about?
It's your one?
30th birthday.
Oh poor baby.
Feeling old.
Yeah.
Feel sorry for it.
Thanks Neil, I love that little jingle.
Yeah, I love it.
It makes it feel better.
It better yet, how about telling Mayor Martinez that OJ called him a scumbag?
Maybe it'll go after him now.
I think Raul could take care of him.
Anyway, two psychos and a pod right there.
Anyway, I just wanted to call and...
And we can't tell that birthday.
Okay, okay.
Nobody cares about me.
Have a great life, pal.
We care about you.
Not really, but if you believe it or make you feel better.
Next to you.
All right.
Yeah, we care about him a little bit.
Not a whole lot.
We don't know him yet.
Maybe we might.
Two old for me.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
How about line 7?
Is that working yet?
Now, sound like it is working.
The only problem is I think when you call it in line 4, maybe they got that fixed now.
How's that?
Does that sound like it's working or what?
No.
Oh, they are.
You can hear the buzz in the background.
You mean from guiding light?
Buzz?
Well, he sure got problems at Buzz.
He just can't do anything right, you know?
And Ed Ben.
I mean, you know, by the way, those of you, the 10 of you that do watch guiding light, you
do know that Ben is going to get ordered very soon.
And I mean, talk about dragging something out.
They've already got about 400 suspects.
Everybody who's promised to kill Ben rightfully so.
But I think enough is enough.
I say, let's kill him this week.
Get it over with.
Never worry about who done it.
It's not cheap, or it's.
I love that, did it dog?
One night we eat.
You can take the chicken or the green.
We'll take the glass.
Drive the tackle, then this isn't fun.
Don't want the burger and size.
Don't want a big piece of fire.
There's only one thing that I want.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I can almost smell them caster cheese.
It stays for a minute or so when you go through the dry food.
Then we can eat in the car.
We'll be told.
They kind of say you're not sad enough.
I'm going to see the thing in Alabama. They had the lottery on the ballot the other day.
Governor was pushing for lottery money for education by the way in the voter said no it's immoral.
God says the Bible says that you know easy money something for nothing it's all against our morals and the voters of Alabama said no.
You don't need to feel into getting to heaven. That's right. In fact the Dumber you are the more likely you're going to believe that bull crap.
So let's keep them dumb and pregnant. Don't need your fancy book. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we got 1600 open lines here today.
All of a sudden I don't know where and some of them actually work on him and you've done some of them do some of more kind of like
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. You know how you doing today line four actually work this time let's hear it. Oh my God. Yeah what about line five. I don't know.
I used to live in Alabama terrible place to live terrible for a Jewish man to live. Oh my God. Oh.
Neil three years ago two years ago when those or a year ago in those midday guys were on you were coming on. I thought bad but it turned out really good.
I turned all my friends on you. Yeah and here we are still two years later and I'm still here. Here's the thing Neil next Wednesday night. You're going to go to the pop and
Oh for what? You're going to go back. What does that mean? You're going to go to the track next one. Maybe I might maybe I want. I think we got a hockey game next Wednesday I believe.
Well when you get a chance Neil I want to be your guest in your box. You want to be my guest with that rich. No. Why not? Why wouldn't it mean you want to be my guest for you Neil? You've got what? I'll give you some tips and erases. No. Come on. No chance. I'll bring you fish food. No. No. No. Can I call somebody a douchebag? No.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Are you seeing you wonder why I told him forget it? Just stay to hell away pal.
Pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. What's it? What just happened here like in the last 10 minutes?
And that was online for so much of it a mistake because we know line four doesn't work. Does it?
You want you wind up with this paranoia with this phone thing because this place we can't ever see. We just can't get the people at Bellsoft to get our phone things
out here. This morning they're calling out to the Jewish community center. That's how desperate it was to see if go in and go play basketball because it's going to rain. That's how desperate we are.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey I want to be your guest for dinner sometime to sure no problem. Thank you.
Tonight on Chicago hope they're going to say the S word on. Oh you did. Yeah. Oh okay. I want to wear from from front to end from front to rear.
Isn't that revolutionary like we're really making progress in America? No. It could make a change. No. I'm about 50 years. Yeah. Right. There you go. Okay. Okay. Thank you. But we don't give an SH 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Line four working.
Huh? Sounds like it to me. Five. Sounds like it. Six. Seven. Eight. They're all working. There's nothing wrong with the phone lines now that they're all working. Now all of a sudden they decided that's the end. That's it.
What a bunch of long kids. What a bunch of dead heads. It's just beyond belief. This would be unbelief. No. No. It's very believable.
Here's a lady in dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I'm a long time listener way back even when you were with deadbeat stand. We never paid you back. But anyway.
Let me just do that. Yeah. I wanted to say I have breast cancer and I get my chemo treatments. And if it wasn't for you, you know, I put my head set on and just dripped the crap in me.
But you make it go a lot easier and you're, you know, sitting there laughing. Everybody's looking at me. But I wanted to tell you thanks a lot and I'll get through this damn disease. But I wanted to say they're going to say that Chicago hopeful. We can't say it here on here. She said SH 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. I believe all eight lines are working on how that we don't need them to be working. Now I think they're all working maybe.
Just like your office phone, they're working for what about 30 seconds every now and then. And mentally, does it work without light pattern has changed, which means maybe it'll work.
Yeah, well, I found my way to make my life pattern work real good. I just disconnected it. Hey, listen, you know, things that got to take their time. Maybe we didn't pay our bell. So I've built a last couple of months and they're getting even with us. You think that could be a good being this place. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hey, you know, how you doing? Okay, sir. I just wanted to say I'll tell you I was reading the Internet the other day. They were talking about an actual post up in Canada. How there's supposed to be doing this lottery thing possibly for the NHL teams coming up. Right.
I'm hoping that God that goes through because the history of hockey really belongs in Canada. Right. And you know, the Canadians are losing their hockey handover fist here.
And Montreal, Canadians lost the $11.28 million last year.
It's a combination of the extreme rate. And I think the fact that if you take a look at the kind of draft that they've been having, the kind of players that have been able to acquire, I mean, it's really Canadian hockey. That is correct.
That is correct. That is correct. In addition to which you got a lot of small markets there like Calgary and Edmonton and, you know, and they can't compete. They can't generate the revenue.
Yeah, I mean, small market American teams. I could care less about small market Canadian teams. That means something to me. Right. You know, hockey history. So I just wanted to say good luck to the Canadians and then they're an act you filthy French Canadians. You better get out there and figure hockey team for great sake and take it easy.
I know they school. Okay. Nobody talked about that game last night. The least three in the past is two. Just like I told you. And by the way, it's Yanuk Paro. Remember, okay? Not the radic parole Yanuk Paro. Got some of the letters right. But let's get it right.
Will you fudge back him? Hello. Where are you? Are you looking at him sick? Oh, yes. I mean, no. I'll take it from here, ma'am. For you.
Sir, what you just did was sick. Yeah. Didn't you know you could have made this call for 50% less just by deadly 1010 pervert? I had no idea. That's right. Just because your call is a scene doesn't mean your bill has to be.
With 1010 pervert, you can make harassing phone calls for as little as 10 cents a minute. Wow. Now I'm really excited.
1010 pervert. It's the number for all your one handed calling needs. Oh, it's a scusted kill.
Whoa. Save it for the phone, my friend. 1010 pervert. When you want to reach out and touch yourself. Ma'am, I believe this calls for you.
So, 1214 at 560 WDQAM 56070560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't forget our pizza lot, the parents, which was scheduled for next Tuesday. Pushed it back away just to make sure those new and better and improved CDs. The ones that are going to be okay will be a done and they will.
Tuesday, October 26th, 6 to 8 p.m. at the world famous pizza lot. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Miami. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you now? Okay. A couple of your callers a minute ago. We're talking about the Alabama lottery and how they had voted that day.
I was talking about that. I don't know if too many people know this, but the DPN network, this Paul Krauch organization. Paul Krauch. He had put together some type of a program to try to influence voters.
There's nothing wrong with persuasion and trying to get people to vote a certain way. But there was a tremendous amount of effort on his part to try to influence those voters in Alabama to vote this thing down. This guy, I don't know where you feel about him, but to me, he's a little out of control. I don't know what we need to do about somebody like Paul Krauch.
What do you mean what we need to do about there's nothing you can do? He hides all of this business of his under the Cloaker religion. He's a businessman. That's all he is. And he keeps putting up these low power TV stations all over the damn world. He must have about 6,000 TV stations now all over the world.
Under the guys are spreading the good word. And all he is is a businessman. He's got a pyramid scam going. Right. Well, you know, to me, I mean, I grew up in the South and I saw a lot of tent revivalist back in the old 50s and the 60s and stuff. And basically to me, this is what they are. They're just tent revivalists who found a void.
In the 70s and the 80s through cable to attract a hell of a lot of more people and bring in a lot more money. Right. So I don't know. I guess the only thing you can do is basically educate people and turn off the remote. I mean, when you see them on TV, just turn them on.
And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do.
And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do.
And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see that they are going to be a lot more than they do. And then you can see
I wanted a don't have to force them to go. Well you  some like you. Well you should have that right. Okay. You see that? Well you should have that right. You should have that right.
Well I just think I wish there was some way people like that but I guess its naive to think that we can stop someone like that. It is that he has a right.
I guess you should have that right. He is a fraud. He is appreciating a business under the name of religion. Tax exempt business.
well that you have a problem i mean how does he get away with that i can see a
church a little lowly church in the rural area of Kentucky getting away with a
tactic exam situation but this guy is uh... raking in millions of dollars
yeah literally about that robertson
pet or pet robertson obviously i mean this guy is uh...
what about him baker before they found they were cooking the bad
selling selling phantom condos i have my grandfather was sending
sending you wouldn't believe the money he sent to the people i mean isn't that
great well you know and why is that is your grand father some kind of a
simple but he's not necessarily a simple thing i think he's just naive he grew
up in a one in a bible bill he's he was conditioned from a very young age to
believe these things bring what is brainwashed well
well good to your right brainwash a good way of looking at it but i think
it's very simple if people in alabama i saw this whole thing they showed
uh... several segments on it and they're all carrying on the ministers they're
holding up the bible let me say it again if you don't want to buy a lottery
ticket
don't buy it if you feel it's a more if you don't want to go to a topless
club don't go in there but don't deny everybody else the opportunity to go
in there but that's a bit of that well it's like any victimless crime i mean
if you don't want to if you've got a crime of about a crime and the crime in some
can sometimes why well it shouldn't be if you want to gamble gamble if you want
to go to house the prostitution do you're not bothering anyone who why not
i just feel the talk about this person is i don't know if you said it a
minute times to appreciate the senate thank you so much
can't go away sir he isn't going away to get more money than god if you
partner
five six seven of these people must all be at home depot i forgot i forgot all
about this uh... rain
when you know it doesn't rain here too much down here in south florida
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
i mean it sounds very simple to me you do what you want to do do no harm that's
my religion don't hurt anybody
all of these people with their anti-cashino gambling and they're anti the
lottery and i thought who gives a crap with their anti and i'm not i'm a
i'm a time murderers like john abinay ramsey and oj sinc and that's what i'm
anti people who do harm to other people people kill other people
and we can't convict most of them we can't find most of them
we got people killing infants left and right here at the new epidemic in this
country people killing babies
every day now on the news here right here forget about any place else right
here in south florida every day we got another horrendous grotesque story and
you take a look at these people and right away comes to my mind towards
forced sterilization i keep screaming at the tv set how could these people be
reproducing
what do you expect
people who are obviously not competent to raise the reason be responsible for
the child
you're gonna drive a car you gotta go take a test you gotta have a driver's
license of course of a year or 90 years old or we knew it in the mail for
ten years but regardless at least in the beginning you got to show some
proficiency
you want to you know i own a uh... our solar weapons or make babies no problem
it'll be our guest that's okay
and then if it don't work out then the state will take care of them if they're
still alive
uh...
all the worst work in certain about the manatees that washed up on shore and
the baby whale
well i don't think so those stories on the news
i'm an animal lover but but don't we have our parties just a little upside down
oh yeah here's oh when they're trying desperately to save the life of this
more manatee that washed up on shore in the way of the beach themselves
many times kids are getting like a slaughtered left and right here it's like uh...
we don't care
they're good eat and they understand
are they
different school lunch kids are manatees
old baby manatees here's sunny isle hello
and you know how you do it okay sir
and it's like Alabama home in the cool quest plan only place you can
by a beer and a gun and a gas station and they're wearing and they got dog
tricks they're worried about uh...
you want to call it where they worry about you know we took it's evil
yet evil
hey uh... even though the money's gonna go to education see there are fear that
the money goes to education there might be some folks get uh... little smarter
than they are which is insane much have an IQ larger than the
i live there for you i got the ported for both little Alabama for a year but
if it is not that they're not
i think the fact that from two or they know
what they defected they'd be the number one here was himself wrote a window
but i can happen right right one more thing uh... but you're right if they
if they announced tomorrow that they were defecting they were to stay here
all these people that were thrown a rocks in the bottles they would surround
them and it would be uh... you know kissing their feet
okay they'll be good you know what i i i i rely on a bunch of people i'm in
sales and i rely on a bunch of cubans to fill orders for me and things like
that
man i got my faith in the wrong hands are killing me
the driver me nuts
yeah last comment i think that uh... heroes
are a crutch for weak minded people excellent
and we don't want
uh... jeff Gordon is john
and re into sky
okay
okay there you go jokas tello john Henry's gonna be on the ceremony my
friends and we get court
and
joe be asking a very important question are you really
as boring as you look at
are you really one of those
terminally uh...
personality less people to be really is he's a real little poor jeth corne
you'll hear
here's hollywood hello
yes sir
the uh... polaric cameras
with the police officers
out by any yes
little suspicious
they take in pictures of the biggest bus the girls are in that uh... apartment
complex i'm glad you're not that we ever hear any more about that
of course not good point
alright thanks thank you no thanks for reminding me because i should be asking
that every day because that bull crap you know
some jackass calls me like two months ago
all you wait and see there's a big internal investigation when this all comes
out nothing's coming out
the only thing that came out with something out of their pants
from every god damn police force all over the county in a scandal would be so
widespread if i had to god damn news and
channel seven they'd be hyperventilating and ping all over each other over
there
that have to be walking around squeezing each other's bag there'd be so much
but it just all of a sudden vanishes i mean it was only like uh... you know
fourteen and sixteen year old girls whatever the hell it was
prostitution ring which let me say it again don't do as we do do as we say
if you guys go out there and pick up a hooker then they're gonna bust your
ass you're gonna go straight to jail
if you guys happen to have scorned a little bit about that part that they
just got from a whoever they busted into the russian jail and you will happen
to be doing a little bit of a sell-in some of it you're gonna go to jail but
not them
don't do as we do do as we say that's the american police fn way
and don't ever forget it
because you live in a police state
here's a mobile in howl and he'll be right
hello yes sir
hey you have a satellite this right
right you have a movie channels on your like on corn stars
the last couple
they've been running this movie on liberati's life but they have like two
different versions like they got one guy
play a liberati and then last night i talk another version of you see the
movie about liberati's life long long time ago i would never want to see that
again who wants to say funny that all you think they're funny
i think what's funny the movie the guy playing the guy i think the only thing
that was was funny in a very pathetic way was the fact that all these women
gravitated toward him just like they gravitate toward richard simons i don't
i also don't understand that i know that i can never figure that out
well on the one liberati maybe just all about your faghegs and uh...
well they completely tried to downplay it on one of the versions of it like that
that he was basically just asexual and that he didn't really care about guys
and then at the very end they said by the way no they had it back with not
asexual it was when he was in canada used to tell everybody hey i'm really
sexually
eight right now anyway i just want to see if you saw that and then
it's true that uh... her keenes and after mails have been more destructive than
her keenes and after female absolutely
okay thank you this her keen i read it's a real pussy
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
rain wind up panic okay don't be running the goddamn store please that beg you
just a calm like me
don't let that brine norcross and the ricky tiki santa is not these other
people these grave robbers get you all whipped up and hyperventilating in
please i beg you don't do it
don't get nervous don't get jerky okay
she takes orgasms i think for a play
and
me
and
kid
th
is
I've been a clan
They first took your hand
We got men
We just went in my day
We look like candy
We decided
We sing like a chocolate candy
I'm a star
Our agent says we got a sand
We sing like a candy
Our biggest friends are 12 year old girls
Two weaker, as cute as the knee
Yeah
As they get older they all figure out
We're hiding our latency
One thing is for sure we get many joy
We do
Why so close, what does the girl look inside go?
Long to do what she did to find her
But the day we think that we should better say
We can win our day
I will win our game
That's not what I hear
I mean Lou Furlman, your 12th year
1232 and 560 WQM
567 05 60, pound 560 on the 18T line
So at any rate, disappointing failure to lead
Editorial in the hero today
Which I read verbatim on the year
I'm so excited I could squeeze myself 20, 30, 40 times
Do I get one call about this?
No
This is like a turning point
This is like a monument to the event
This is a major happening in the history of this community
That the worm has turned
That even the Almighty hero
This finally said about our Mayor Penga
They finally have come right out and said
He's an asshole
Pretty close
Siding with those who disrupt public expression is a cancer
It transmits the worst possible message about greater Miami
Saying that we lack both tolerance and maturity
How do you like that?
Thank you
Thank you
And you see generally speaking
Because you know just like the guy that called me with it yesterday
Just tearing me an ass
Because I don't say you know he finds me very interesting
And of course he can't shut it off
But he's very upset with the fact that I tell him about a toilet this is
And I knock this place even on making a lot of money
But you know something the fact is that I think that's the majority opinion
People don't have any feeling for this place
I heard them talking in the morning to show this morning about you know no passion for sports
There's no passion for anything
I tell you that every single day of my life it's true
There's no passion maybe for early bird dinners and freebies
That's about it
You know feeling for this so the fact that this actually happens to you
You think wow this is like a major of people would be like falling all over themselves squeezing each other
And instead
Ehhhh
A deafening roar
And here like a schmuck
Again
I'm expecting something
Well what's wrong with me I just I must be the slowest learner on the face of the earth
I must be really really
Ehhhh
Dumb
Not smart like Frado
Dumb
Must be an idiot
So I come in here in the morning expecting this stuff to work in here
I mean you have to be out of your mind to think that
Like picking up that internal business phone here expecting a dial tone
They're all going
Oh yeah sure
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Daniel what's up
Oh yes sir
I don't know I don't want you a lot of TV
I do news the old fashioned one I kind of read out of the paper
But last night I was watching TV after the baseball game
And
Has anybody mentioned anything about that role Martinez attacking that kid on the freeway?
Yes so why are they talking about that?
Why are we seeing that or you're talking about that again?
I had never seen
Why would anybody care?
Well me can you hold on to me?
What's that?
No I can't
No I never want to talk about that
Look I just got to your saying no matter what I'm talking about
Here whether it's the Alabama lottery is going to put you in hell
No matter what it is whether OJ and the two cops taking polaroid pictures kissing his ass
Whether it's this editorial or the hell no matter what it is they got their own agenda
We don't give a flying crap about Raoul Martinez we saw it already
If they've got it now like the Rodney King thing they've got it blown up
And slow mo and freeze frame and I still don't care I don't want to see it again
Anymore than I want to see those god damn surveillance films
From little to high school at a column by high school little to Colorado
I don't want to see him again then rather I'd rather puke my guts all over myself and see that again
And CBS sells out becomes another god damn tabloid newscast
Making that the lead story to that ago they got it we'll show it to you
Well that's nice
Leave those poor kids alone already
Leave all of those people alone
We're not going to learn a god damn thing by seeing that other than the fact that the media are a bunch of animals
And exploiters with no conscience maybe that's why this place fits in so well with the media
No conscience
We're the epitome of it
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale hello
Yeah Neil
Yes sir
I got a couple things something wrong true about the media
For several days they announced they have a store coming up on the ranzi case
Decisions going to be made instead of saying instead of waiting till decision-made and tell us they have to tell us for three days
Oh yeah
They've got something that's not coming it's history they can't
Yes they yesterday CNN was anticipating something they were going to come down with an indictment because they said
Well you know they've been talking so long and they're extending and they're sticking around so long
They must be on the verge of doing something and did they do something?
No
No nothing
Exactly
Another thing too that's related to that
How can you do something when all the evidence has been contaminated in the case is three years old now?
Exactly
The other thing too you brought up about the gambling and a lot of it you've been to Nashville
It's so comical there you walk downtown and you've got all these you know
Delt bookstores everything like flashing right in front of the street
Right as you walk by
I'm sure there's a bar on the street
I can't even think of her
And a church across the street
Exactly
You can't buy a lot of reticket and you can't even they even outlawed Bingo
Right
So it's a joke
And one last thing
Well maybe they got a different attitude
Six is okay gambling is evil
Maybe that's it
The last thing I want to mention I'm from Cincinnati I don't know if you ever listen to Gary Burbank at all
No
Well he did the thing
The sales get about a year ago he kind of did a parody on hook on phonics
He called it hook on he bonics
And he get in front of the classroom he'd say
All right everybody with me now all together now
There are 44 sounds in the white man's language
44
And with hook on he bonics you ain't got to use one of the mother for example
I'm down in his hook on he bonics
I'm representing in the foot of G thing
Just give me an honor for it I'm killed like a villain
Got my nod I was split with on his first away due to the game
It's a 1.87 on the man
True true
You'll see with hook on and bonics you'll be conversing with the boys in the hood at no time
Just call 1.800 Southside
That's 1.800 Southside
And get hook on he bonics
All right
Okay 20.11 before it's a 1
Before 1
At 5.60 W to QM can that really be possible?
Huh
Wow
5.670560
Pound 5.60 on the AT&T line
Go Roger Scott
Getting a head start in learning is very important for your child
No matter what language your school system recognizes
Class repeat after me
AEI-O-U
And if your school system endorses black English
Then getting that head start means getting hook down he bonics
Class repeat after me
AEI-O-U
Hook down he bonics teaches your child the intricacies of this new language through direct comparison with regular English
Just listen
May I please have a cookie?
Good now try it in he bonics
So give it a stamp, hook it
It's very good to me
Hook down he bonics is the learn-it-home language system that will have your bright young preschooler talking like a violent gang member in just six short weeks
You'll learn the double negative
I know, suck
The excess plural
Yo, yo, yo, that's what I'd be mine
And the proper way to pose an inquiry
Yeah, let me ask you a question
Hook down he bonics
Order today and by the time your child is ready for school
Hey, go into no dance school
You'll be ready to drop out
That's our guaranteed hook down he bonics
Hook down the bonics is not endorsed by anyone in the right mind
1.43 at 5.50 W.Q.M. So what is it?
About three weeks, four weeks now
We're at the disastrous golf tournament all of the business
And in that period of time when it, and of course we had many many spy reports with OJ showing up there that wasn't bad enough
But with the worst part all the people going and sucking up to him there
And during that four weeks I have yet
And no matter how many times I have asked I have yet other than the one guy who's that who admitted that he went and got a helmet cider
Well, I'm a collector
Yeah, you're a collector all right
I guess I've yet to find one person willing to take a crack at that
Because it's embarrassing isn't it?
That because somebody is famous therefore you suck up to them and follow them around and cidal up to them
I don't understand what is it all about especially if they're notorious and probably a guy that murdered her and a scumbag
See most people don't want to admit that they feel very very tiny and very meaningless
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line here's Hi Leah, hello
Neil, have you ever heard of the saying that great minds, discussed ideas and small minds, discussed people?
Yeah, okay, chronic
Go find a hobby, okay
Here's the mobile indel-AV chillout
And Neil, how are you doing?
Okay sir
I talked to George I think last Friday maybe when you were in there
I happened to play in that golf tournament
That OJ was here a couple weeks ago
Yes, I was in Atlanta over the weekend
And I don't know if it was AD or one of the wire services picked up the story
And they said something about somebody at your station eventually got suspended
But the question I was going to ask you and then other comments
First of all that's that tournament
For everybody that says there are you know OJ haters and then he's a convinced me that
You would have never known if you'd have seen everybody shaking his hand and wanting to get a picture with him
Well that's what I'm asking, what is that all about?
I don't know, I mean it's
Personally I don't have an opinion in one way or another but I mean I listen to everybody that you talk to
They've got something negative to say about OJ
But when you've seen all these businessmen that paid good money to be there
They're standing there waiting in line just to say hi it was kind of funny
You thought it was funny?
Sikving
Sikving yeah
Not waiting, puke inducing
But also in this story that I've seen in the radio or TV up there
There's something about they raised $25,000 but $25,000
Let me say it again see
I have to keep doing damage control here because this place is out of control
They didn't raise $25,000
The person who got suspended made that up
He went on television standing next to OJ showing his smiling face and made up a number
Oh yeah we raised $25,000 at the tournament and we raised all that money for center one
And then come to find out where the two grand went to center one
We didn't raise any $25,000 they raised maybe I don't know what the number was but it was very small
Okay well anyway
I mean just figure it out where were the $25,000 of come from?
There just weren't that many people playing and it didn't cost that much to play
No I think it was a buck and a half per person play
So I think they raised maybe $600 bucks per person
I didn't know if they sold sponsorships or something like that
But that was the story that I heard when I was up in Atlanta
Well see anyway
This is what happens when you have people with loose lips and the ship sinks that's the way it works
I'll keep up to go work the whole maybe eventually you'll prevail
Thanks
Damage control man, damage control it never ends
$5,670, $560, $560 on the AT&T wireless line
I think it's going to be music Thursday if you ask me it looks like it to me
There you go
I think we have no choice
Every now and then you'll be rolling along I mean we've gone for what weeks and weeks and weeks and generally speaking
Even now it lasts two Mondays
Rolling along all of a sudden these lines are ringing people have got almost something to say
And I'll put when you least expect to hit a brick wall
Not one person and even this guy he was out there after he witnessed it he saw it
He saw all these suckles shaking his hand and suck it up to him all these jackasses especially the sports types
Oh he was a great athlete you know he was a great running back who gives a crap
He's a frickin murderer
Oh yeah but he was a great he had the heistman you know of course he had a sell it
I cannot deal I cannot cope with that mentality I can't relate to it
I can't understand it I'm mortified I'm nauseated by it
Here's Hi Leah hello
How can you say that this is a police state regarding marijuana and then make a statement like they should have forced sterilization
Isn't that policing somebody's private parts?
No yes it is
No it's not
Your police state is your mama that's who should have been sterilized chronic
560-0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless maybe go out and smoke a little number okay pal lighten up a little bit
Come down on down here we got some good Jamaican buddies in this neck of the woods they could turn down to some good stuff
Yeah like I said
Here's a pig report in the West Palm hello
Hey Neil I just got to tell you what's happening to me right now
There's a big huge record something and I'm coming across the North Lake Boulevard
Thank you very much I have a hour it takes me to go from the ramp you know the end of the ramp to the top of the overpass
Where's this together?
North Lake in 995 of the West Palm Beach right I get to the end of the ramp there's nobody moving you know six lanes traffic dead stop blah blah
So if we're yeah don't stop
Yeah we've got to go you know so I turn around and go down the all ramp or the on ramp
To go back because there's nobody coming up it because they got it blocked off
I got a cop now right now ticket for going backwards down a driving the one way down the thing
And I said sir I've been sitting there for a half hour I look up the other 15 cars behind me
They see me getting ticket they're all turning around all in half
And I'm like Laurence you're gonna write the other thing and he says well I can only write up one person at a time
Yeah
It's not ridiculous or what
Yeah it's on your horn rain you have a half hour stuck in yeah I go a hundred yards and a half hour
Yeah and now they're gonna give me a ticket all by myself and there's you know all these other people driving up here
No freaking cops amazing amen okay good luck pal okay man don't do it again
Here's a very bizarre facts from KP of two bobbas I love these facts is especially the ones from people that try to change their name you know like Tracy Foster
Neil the reason normal and same people don't care about the heralds editorial section regarding mayor penis and his lowest van van decision is that 99.9% of the heralds readers reads sports business in front paid sections first
And the local section last or not at all if you want to read the local section turn on tv stations 4 6 10 especially a channel if it bleeds it leads 7
Besides name another major metropolitan area newspaper right that had the editorial section which is supposed to be an intelligent commentary on world national and local events
Buried in the back of the paper second section and buried one page after the death obituary's page
PS what is it was van van van and pebbles
That's not the point it isn't a question of whether they read it or not in fact if they didn't read it I did a great service the fact is that it's a revolutionary moment
A moment of almost clarity and otherwise see of mong here in this town and they don't give a crap because they don't care about this town
Here's a mobile and adventure hello
Yeah, you tell it to me yes sir it sounds like okay great you know I'm from Minnesota originally and despite the fact I speak Spanish I speak it fluently I read it right it
And I don't know if anybody mentioned in the herald the other day they had in the in the English speaking part of the heralds
They had an article where the president of Venezuela was visiting China and he said since I'm a military man he says I feel an empathy to the people's army that started in China
But in the herald is no evil herald in the Spanish section screaming across the front page they say the president of Venezuela says he's a Maoist
Yeah, communist the communist the rest that's it second part I don't know if anybody mentioned when the van van's were going to play that public supermarkets
Did they mention that they had big articles on the inside of the first section saying the public supermarket no longer no longer will be selling tickets for tickets master including the van van's we will not be selling tickets for them either
What does that mean I don't understand it. Yeah, it means one is they wanted to appease the Cuban community by saying they're not selling tickets for the van van
Sure, if they're not selling tickets for any of the ticket master as an outlet and they made the decision one
Okay, have a great thing. Yeah, they're going to do that they're going to spite themselves they're going to shut down all their ticket master outlets and stop selling tickets for all the other concerts back street boys who everybody else in the world because of those van van
Does that make any sense to you? No. Oh my god congratulations Jesse this guy was from Minnesota.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa
Five say don't come down here and start ripping publics. Okay, we love publics
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's number of pines hello. Hey Neil how are you? Okay, sir. You're absolutely right Neil the front running phone is in this town the collectors and the supposed sports freaks are following all the wrong examples instead of following your example of helping people over the years
Camilla's house in eight center one they go out and they want to get their little autographs and your picture taken with the supposedly murderers
There's something I really mean is those people make me want to vomit. I'm just nauseous from that. You can pick them up there
Why do all the flags on their cars for crying out loud up and down the street when the team wins when the team loses they hide
Right, it's absolutely ridiculous. Our running phone is absolutely correct. And you've said it for years and years and years you know I rode by the Macarena last night
You could have played roller hockey in the parking lot right it was unbelievable. Well listen to that. They were playing in Toronto something there was this unbelievable
Yeah, typical night. I'm not a hockey guy. Hey, okay, little played in Toronto the next time I see a J out there drinking his cold 45 on the corner
I'm going to be squeezing the trigger all mad. Okay, see you see you. Yeah, what's wrong with you people? How come that in the parking lot was empty as a Macarena last night?
You've phony sports fans. You don't support your panthers at all
So what if the game was at the air Canada center in Toronto?
Don't you think this guy had a good point? No, come on. Then you have a good point. No, yes, he did you front running phony bands is parking lot empty
Panther game last night. Panthers in Toronto. Pretty good game. Least win three to two by the way and you people were you the last night at the Macarena? No, no, God damn it
20 over no hockey fans in this town he drove by there and he took a look and you said you know something Neil is right there are no hockey fans here. There isn't a God damn car parked out here
Nobody empty zip it. He knew the and they're playing right now right in the middle of the game. There was nobody there even the players cars weren't there.
What does that tell you?
That's it. That's what I've been doing twenty two years here. Listen to the bull track.
That's all here.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60. I think I'm losing my mind today. I really do. It's a miracle. I've kept any semblance of it this long.
I mean it's one thing to make your point and I don't disagree with you sir. I mean obviously these people are dead in door nails. They're like the walking dead but
to condemn people for not going to a sporting event that was held twelve hundred miles away in another country last night. I think might be a little bit unfair. Just going over to you just a little teeny tiny bit.
1256 at QAM.
This is 5 6. The QAM. Oh boy. It's the one to two hours.
She can get on her knees and do you what you like. She can do you win high heels with fish and chives.
5 6. All right. She's like her to reveal what she has underneath.
Thank you but like a child because she's always a cover all the meat. Welcome.
I'm the covers with style. She's a huge moon. She'll make it.
No. She must have caught all your visa. She'll call up your wife. You can't say her. She'll write mail. She's always a call girl to me.
Oh.
She will make it.
You'll be first in her life.
Oh.
You'll still always put down when you only want in. But she's watching the time.
She can kill politicians with candid affection.
As a clear Chinese you might rule the direction.
While your son fades and tabloids she's on her sharp face and free.
label her first class of her but that sounds like a call girl to me.
Roy.
Number one was a great hunger job there. It's 103 and 560 WDQ.
Anyway, somebody faxes me. I always like what they tell me where it's from.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Question or action or an answer?
written by.
 naming across creek.
And also serves as director of the
Interfaith Alliance of Alabama. He wrote this way.
The station we bear witness
, as the train discursors
on on Jesus to this and this one of that. He said this is where the Christian community
is onto something. Both the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament revealed dramatically that
the poor receive special attention from God. The weak and powerless are not to be victimized
by the rich and the powerful. There is a persistent call for justice throughout the Bible.
A state supported lottery is inherently unjust toward the poor and at the end he says gambling
is a means for public funding. For funding public projects can only thrive in a society that
is willing to sacrifice its poor. As people of faith, as people who believe that moral
truth is revealed in scripture, we cannot stand idly by and allow powerful forces to victimize
the weakest and most vulnerable in our midst. We must say no to any political agreement,
whether it's gambling or regressive a tax rupture that profits by some impoverishing others.
How do you like that logic? They got dog tracks up there. No, they got gambling. But the
lottery is going to be impoverished to poor folks who just don't know any better. Even though
the money was specifically earmarked for education and they had promised to do a much better
job to do them there to make sure the money went there unless you're in Florida where
God only knows where it's going. You see what the so-called Christians don't understand
and their agenda, they don't want to understand this because they don't care about what I
think of anybody else. They want to run the country. They want to make it a Christian country.
Total intolerance for any other view. So what they want to do is have the country become
what they want it to be. Whatever they think you can do, read, see, listen to, watch, touch,
that's what you can do. Not just good enough for them. This is how intolerant they are.
Not just good enough for them and those stupid enough to believe they're bullcrap but all the
rest of us are supposed to do the same. Even though we have nothing to do with them,
even though we may not interact with them, we're not going to harm them, we're not going
to live next to them by a Turkey sandwich, do anything with them. That's still not good enough
because they're intolerant assholes who want to impose their view of what they term morality
under everybody else under what entire society. They want to take away your choices and your
freedoms. Whether it's a woman's right to choose on abortion, no matter what it is, you
pick the issue, they want to take those freedoms away because they're going to make you live
the Christian way with the elected or not. They're going to drag you kicking and screaming
into Christianity, whether you want to join or not. Which of course Christianity is famous
for doing that all throughout the ages. You don't want to join? Here's Miami, hello.
Hello? Yes, sir. I keep hearing you talk about OJ and I was wondering if he was a white
guy that killed two people, well, you suspect two people. Did you hear me talk about John
and the police? Are they white? Are they white? Are they white? I don't think you
are. You're a jackass. You're a professional spook is what you are, sir. I have no respect
for people like you because you don't want to have a conversation. Maybe you're too stupid
to understand the word, sir. Right there, I talked about it at length. John and Patti
Ramsey, they murdering white people. White. White is the fallen, so rich white people.
And did I not say that when you're rich, whether you're rich in black like OJ or rich in
white like the Ramsey, you can get away with murder and it looks like they both did.
Then I say that today. Yes, I did, but you don't want to listen to that because you've
got a professional dark chip on your shoulder. In addition to which there were no white murderers
that were brought in here that I know of, there were foisted on our golf tournament,
foisted into this community and foisted on this radio station causing us great shame
and embarrassment and humiliation, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Pemberpine, hello.
Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. I just want to call in and reference to that
boom that called earlier about publics and tickets. Yeah, the, the, the,
how they call your beautiful show and put down public.
These are, I'm going to pull you a publics and we've done a way with some goddamn nerve at
that case. Can you believe it? Carpet bagger from Minnesota. I've always said, just
even sure I probably shipped them out. Right. Of all the things I talk about, he's got
a call and put down ticket master in public. Right. They've been out for a while long
before those. He tried to suggest that the publics was pandering to Cubans because they
cut out ticket masters. One had nothing to do with the other. Exactly. And they were out
way before this band even thought about coming. Like I said, talk his chief. Just like
the guy who tells us he's very embarrassed that there were no fans of the arena last night
for the Panther game. Even though of course anybody with a brain knows the game was played
in Toronto. It was. Yes, sir. All right. Yeah. That's all I wanted to say and have a great
thing. You too. And God bless publics. You got it. All right. Bye. Only in the banana republic,
baby. Only in Miami. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambo 4 and 5. How
do you? John Rambo still alive. I want to make movies for it. Five. My life had
been going great. Planned Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis and it never ever grew. Rambo 2 was
an 85 late. Rambo 3 was an 88. Shoot it. And my god, I did not make this movie with
my son. His name is Sage. He was in Rocky 5 in daylight. The tunnel movie. A little bit
of cash is what I mean. I got to get along from the pile of trees. I got to have a love
at movie or Broadway show like energy. I guess nobody ever saw top and it was stupid. I guess
I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayville.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. Shake it out. So call me up. I really
need a script. I can do. I along will keep it. They like comedy. Action. Adventure and drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama. So give me a break for goodness
and I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man showing. Basically I'm an
unemployed. I mean I got to get along from the pile of trees. I have a love at movie
or Broadway show like energy. I guess nobody ever saw top land. It was stupid. So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayville. That's why
I'm ready to do it. I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. Oh, absolutely. 115 to 560 W2M. So for
that dark, complex and very angry color before who refused to have a conversation and
when listen, you know, the real question is what not what I'd be talking about OJ if
he weren't black. The question is would you be talking about OJ if he were white? Would
you be calling in here? Have it on nervous breakdown because I'm talking about OJ. You
couldn't give a crap less if OJ was white. See, I happen to be an equal opportunity basher
if it's a murderer who's white like John Ramsay and his wife. I'll bash the hell out of
them if it's OJ who's black. I don't give a crap because when somebody kills you, it
doesn't make any difference what the color of their skin was. I know that comes as a great
shock to you, but it worked. I have never had one black person in all the time that
all the years now, it's five years with the OJ business, never had one person call
and say, Oh, gee, you're saying terrible things about Ted Bundy or David Berkowitz or Charles
Manson or any of these people, Jeffrey Dahmer or the Ramsey's. Never. Not once. In fact,
I never had any white people call and say that. So who's the racist, sir? Who's the
one with a big, fat, dark chip on his shoulder? Looking to make excuses for a miserable scumbag,
murdering scumbag. Don't leave out the adjective. Here's Waterhill. Hello?
Daniel. Yes, sir. I didn't realize that while you're on hold, you can hear you. And I'm
sitting at work cracking up laughing at you and people looking at me. Anyway, I was watching
Tolo's the other night last week. I just was wondering if you thought, you know, they
would talk, they would interfueling that guy down on my, that kid down on Miami. They
call him there. He was going into a vote on something and the reporter asked him his
opinion on it. And what he wanted to say was, well, I can't answer that question. I'd
be tipping my hand. And he said, well, I can't answer that question. I'd be tipping my
hat. Yeah. And I cracked up. I cracked up a laugh and say, no, I don't want to be
sad. Yeah, but you're forgetting. He went to you of him. That's all I got. He'd
know what they say you will. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on, I mean, that's to me, even
just learning that from the Senate, it's early in the first sentence. Surely, County Mayor
Alex penis, the University of Miami law school, graduate knows that he's outside the bounds
and asking the West State Department to deny visas for uncooper performance of those
bam, bam and pebble. How do you like that? Right in the first sentence. And then later
around I say, because I want to say it again and again, citing with those who disrupt
public expression is a cancer that from the hero today. We've made a million, and
made your goddamn unexpected, unbelievable breakthrough. And you people are like, like
that. When your God didn't wash his own and your umbrellas worried about a few feet
of rain. I thought that most people let was their goal in life to get wet. What's wrong
with a little bit of a way of Wayne? Maybe that's why nobody wanted to go to the arena
last night. You know, too much Wayne is a bad thing. That was one of the great calls
of all time. I mean, the guy was on a roll. He's going on the people here, so I could
have. And then he's bitching them out that they're so indifferent. There were no cars
there if you're in the last night for the Panther game. The Panther game was in Toronto,
you asshole. Another hockey fan, another expert. Well, I thought they'd hung out in
a parking lot just to get soak up the atmosphere so that the Panthers would know up there
that they had that support. Isn't that the way it worked? Yeah! We love you, Pan. That's
what we should do every time the Panthers play out of town. We'll all drive into the parking lot
there and we'll open the world on a window and go, we love you, Panthers! Are we going to do that?
No. It's wrong with you. Here's Miami. Hello? Five years ago, he will never ever again in
a million years beyond here. Terminal boring. That's the number that we want badly, by the way.
So I was at a mobile phone. Oh, it's always on a mobile just to make sure. Well, I won't be
on here again. Jackass. Just pathetic. No material, no life. Part of that little grab as a
clan. Here's Miami. Hello? How you doing there? Okay, sir. I'm young after Kid American Club by
O.J. Who? About O.J. Oh, yeah. And basically this is what I want to get in my opinion. Oh, man,
I, first of all, I'm not an O.J. fan. Yeah, I really don't like the fact that he turned his back
when African American people are filled with a majority of his life up until he became
gotten in trouble with getting to the murder trial. Right. And once he got out, now he's back with
his wife friends again. Okay, but this is what I will say because he's someone that I can relate to
as far as that looks similar to what I look like. I was happy to see him use the system to his
advantage the same way other people had in the past of different races. And because he had money and
because he was had good attorneys, he looks because he looks like you. Yeah. So in other words,
if there's somebody who's murder in a scumbag and a drug addict and a white feeder, but they
happen to look like you, then you're glad to see him get off. I'm all I'm saying Neil is. No,
I asked your question. You know that he's all of those things just because he looks like, just because
he looks like me, I'm very glad off. No, that's not all. Well, that's what you just said. What I'm
saying Neil is in the past, other races of people have used the system to their advantage when they
were guilty perhaps. And I'm just glad to see that. So this is that dumb business again. In
other words, because white folks have got off before because they had a lot of money. Now we can
get one of our people off. Don't you want to see people who are murderers pay for it? Yes, I do,
but is that realistic? It's unrealistic. Thank you. You know something I'm going to start bringing
in a puke bag to work. Every time I get on the airline, I'm going to because I never had a chance
to use one hope I never do one of those puke bags that put in the scene. I'm going to start taking
them, put them in my suitcase stock up on puke bags. I'm going to tell you there are so many of
you people out there. That's why they're showing so great because it gives the opportunity to
list there is the ones who are passive sitting back and listening to this to understand really what
this world is all about and what this country is all about. Your thinking is so unacceptable. Don't
even know he was an uncle Tom even though he wanted nothing to do with black folks even though
he lived in Brentwood with his white wife and even though once he used black people to play the
race car with his buddy Johnny Cochrane and those two lawyers of his and that old drunk watch's name
he Bailey once he was through with that he's right back to the white chicks again and by the way
is Pedro Guerrero black? No I don't think so. I would ask you Sam black but I better not.
I don't want to insult our black friends. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. I think this two of all it took was a little coke for Pedro Guerrero to
steal my girlfriend away from me. Well listen I get the chicken balls out there.
You guys will just been out of listen. Some now rage if I got to tell you about I go to get heat
season tickets a few weeks ago right I go up to their office and the guy to go look at what
seats were available. Yeah they only had a few seats listen to this scam they only had a few seats
available that were really good between the net the only way you can get lower ball seats in between
the net is if you contribute a certain amount of money towards the deposit for WNBA tickets.
Now they know that the people that paid those people weren't going to use the WNBA tickets
and they even said well donated to a charity for you that's the scam that they use.
Oh yeah because they go five thousand tickets. They they they're never going to sell five thousand
they're going to sell five thousand all they had were people putting down deposits to get good
heat seats and they're going to donate it to charity and they're not going to have anybody at those
games. Right. So that's the scam to get decent heat seats you got to pay him a five thousand
dollar premium for WNBA seats that nobody wants. The word is no desperate. Now I did it anyway.
Okay you'll have a lot of elbow wrong. Good luck.
Okay.
Oh boy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here here's my bank book here's my check book here's my bank account here's
all my investment account and just just take it. Here you go just take it.
How come I can't find a few people like that?
And of course now that the erison estate you know is going to get raped at the 5.5
billion that had over there in Israel and daddy died too soon.
We're going to have to pay like maybe up to 55% in in estate taxes.
You better go out and buy your heat tickets because Mickey's times are going to be tough
so only got a few billion left. Here's my me lakes hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah I want to know the rugby.
Let's go to a lady in where she's in Margate hello.
Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Yes um being down here in Florida for only four years I'm still not used to.
It seems like I'm in a foreign country okay.
But you know what I really don't like about these foreign people whether they're boat people
or whatever they come here in this country and you know they're only concerned
is for back home and they vote accordingly so they don't give a damn what happens
what's happening in this country.
Yeah.
So that's why we have
mayors that are Toroio and so forth.
Well so what's stopping everybody else?
What's holding everybody else back?
Well I care.
I notice when they want to input to impose that extra penny sales tax for this
Pinellas guy transportation bullcrap.
I noticed that a lot of other people got out including
anglos and black people and all kinds of people came out and voted no.
Well you're right about that but you know why don't they just
show a little gratefulness because they don't have it and stop complaining.
They don't have it.
All they do is complain about that.
They don't have it.
Okay I yeah I understand.
You're not going to get a toothpick.
You remind me of the guy that called Errol.
I mean I know your intentions are good but you remind me of the guy that called
before about Paul Crotch and Paul Jan and Paul Crotch on Trinity Broadcasting
and their phony religious network and what are we going to do about it.
There's nothing we're going to do about it.
Well I try.
I talk to the politicians.
You're actually harder to get than the White House.
Right.
I call the White House and their numbers easier to get than you're.
I try.
I talk to the politicians.
Call their offices and write.
Right.
Maybe still a few bucks in the envelope too.
I can't hurt.
Have a great day, Sridhar.
All right.
Bye bye.
She's trying.
She means well.
Thank God we've got a few people here who mean well and God damn it.
Let's all meet at the macarena.
There's no game going on right now.
But let's meet there anyway.
We love those patterns.
We really mean it.
We we we we mean it.
Do we really mean it?
No.
Yes we do.
We mean it.
We feel it.
We got the passion baby.
We feel it.
Oh God.
Oh God.
That sounds kind of good doesn't it?
Huh?
It doesn't.
How about it?
It's fine.
It's fine.
Yeah that's better.
You're on the call.
I don't want to emergency.
If you have someone over here now,
just three two five threatening green.
He's back.
Please.
You little.
What is he doing?
He's threatening you.
What's your mad woman?
Where is he just harassing you?
He's going to care if it's not that he's a bastard.
Really?
No.
He's just being on the line so we can know what's going on
so the police get there.
Okay?
You got no.
That's how the challenge is.
In case he comes there,
I need to hear what's going on right.
You know that's fine.
Is he yelling?
Yes.
Okay.
If he has he's been drinking.
It's not whether you win or lose.
It's out from six kids.
131 at 560 WQM.
Tomorrow we're going to be talking to gay people
pissed off about the mistreatment of Jeffrey Dahmer.
567-0560, huh?
And then we're going to be talking about the mistreatment
of Ted Bundy, white people on Monday.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I want to jump back in the conversation
about the guy who was a company
that not only found to be a renal out there.
Yes, sir.
It was pretty empty in that parking lot, god damn it.
Well, you know, if he set the damn fan,
why the hell wouldn't he there?
Right. Good point.
Well, he drove over there
or any probably with a bunch of intentions
but he didn't want to be the odd man out,
so to speak, I guess.
Yeah, well, I mean, but if he's so adamant
about supporting soccer,
you know, and if he's
Professor,
it'd be a true fan.
I mean, soccer, the right.
I'm sorry.
Hockey.
Professor, it'd be a true.
If you're professor,
you can tell I'm a big fan.
Right.
If you're professor to be a true fan,
then why wasn't he?
I mean, he wasn't standing at the ticket office
trying to buy his ticket.
That's right.
Maybe he was.
You know, people are big at it.
Okay, sir.
So by the way, by the way,
you know, I want to make a movement here.
I think a lot of us South Florida
should get ready to move down to Cuba real soon
because we'll have less Cubans there than here.
Okay.
We'll pack your sandwich.
Good luck to you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
No, he wouldn't have less Cubans there than here,
but he would have less aggressive Cubans there than here.
Oh.
Well, look at all.
They've been well trained.
Neo, I've been a listener to you since you were in.
Don't you see KT at 20 years old?
70KT?
I want.
What's that?
Big cat.
KT.
KT.
KT.
What do you want?
Better here or there.
Yeah, who cares?
Listen, and this call, a few calls back
that this man, they say that he was happy
that OJ beat the system.
It's one of the...
He looks like him.
It's one of the greatest calls ever
to show the kind of people
that live in this community.
Assemble you.
Martin, it's not an assistant in this community.
I mean, there are a lot of black people all across.
You remember, after the verdict,
they were doing the black power thing,
and they were at Juke and in Jive and in high-five and all that.
Right.
Because we beat the system.
You know, it's our turn now to get the world.
The verdict was the way it was
because part of the jury,
unfortunately...
Most of it was black.
I believe me.
I'm quite liberal,
so I really have absolutely nothing
against any ethnic group in the world.
Radio Mambeer report.
Radio Mambeer.
Radio Mambeer.
Radio, I like it.
In a program, an annual clock
called in Caliente, I mean, very hot.
In which the three people that participated,
one is 74, the other one is 76,
and the elder statement is 81.
The start of the show, the second start of the show,
Augustin Tamargo, that's his name,
said that he would wish that somebody had
blown up the arena with the people inside.
Isn't that nice?
It's reported in the hell today.
And like I've said before,
if we go on here and say something like that,
some incendiary comment like that,
where the FCC is going to come down on our ass in two seconds.
Well, I have contacted the FCC for years,
and they don't know.
Oh, then the answer is...
The answer is...
We don't have personnel that speaks Spanish,
and we're all really cared about frequent interference.
In other words, not one station, not to get...
Well, yeah, well, if that's the case,
how come they hear so much if I say crap on his station
when the American Family Association
or some other Jack Ball, right?
So, you know, a complaint to the FCC,
how come they try to find us for that?
Well, because they would say that you speak English
and they speak English.
Oh, and that's the answer.
And today, the director of the station,
you know, officially said that in November,
returning December,
they will not obey the police orders,
which by the way, they change for the event of Saturday.
The Miami Police is a professional force,
and they had a plan to keep the demonstrators
out of reasonable distance from the entrance to the arena,
and the politicians, and the civic leaders
of the use of fortunately community.
Force them to change.
I was there, and we had a walk through a narrow path
in which on both sides, there were these people insulting us
in which every...
The language, you know, I mean, you can repeat it.
Right.
Trying not to think, insulting us in and out of the place.
And now, even that is not going to be enough.
Officially announced that they are not going to respect
the police barrier.
Yeah, well, guess what?
Now that the aheraldists turned on Mayor Pingha
and they've all of a sudden gone after him today,
it'll be real interesting to see what that little weasel does
in the what-tunee-sing in the moral.
Correction.
Mayor Pinghita.
No, correct.
Absolutely correct.
Okay, my friend.
Host the cameo vides.
Host the over.
I'll read theirchi, and out.
5670560, pound 560.
You see, we got these subversive goddamn lunatics
on Spanish language radio in this town,
with their 90-year-old listeners,
doing all kinds of unacceptable illegal and grotesque things,
irresponsible.
And the F.C. says,
oh, no, I'll have a sponular key.
Oh, that's great.
That's wonderful.
And that's one of the main reasons
that the crap goes on in this town year after year,
and it just never stops.
And that's the only reason that those old farts are listening
because they whisper and they're at a shout-in year,
exactly like a parrot.
You know, the same crap over and over again
that they want to hear.
Margate, hello.
Margate.
Oh, Margate, how you doing, Neil?
All right.
Hey, I've been listening to you show for about two weeks now,
and I must agree with you that you are
equal opportune to the bash.
All right, that's right. I'll bash you, everybody.
Right. I agree with you about everything you say about OG.
I don't have a problem with that.
If it was up to me, we'd banish it from the race.
But my question to you is this,
who has the most money to deal with the case?
O.J. out of state of California.
Who has the most money to deal with it?
Well, I'm saying this one day, when they put together,
when they put together the defense team,
but it's not just a question of who had the most money.
It's a question of the skilled attorneys that he was able to hire
as opposed to these schmucks that they put in there.
Marsher, Clark, and Chris Darden,
who couldn't, you know,
convicted guy after they caught him right in the act.
That was my question, Neil.
Didn't California have enough money to get together
their own dream team?
Well, they didn't do it.
That's what I'm saying.
So the fault.
In the addition to which there's no,
it just doesn't exist.
And the prosecutor's office is,
you're not going to find the people that work there
make a fraction of what the Bob Shapiro's and Johnny
Cochrane make.
They're not multi-millionaires.
Right, until after the papers,
over and then they all went on television and wrote books.
But even in true that some of the people that were
into the prosecution had no experience in a case.
They were pathetic at best.
And the worst, of course,
was Marsher Clark and letting him put those
of black women on the jury.
They hated her.
Like poison.
They were calling her every name in the book.
And she thought that they were going to be
sympathetic to the call.
What if they wanted to get,
oh, they what couldn't they put together,
all started seeing it take them out?
That was my question.
Inept.
Inept.
Yeah, I hear you now.
Same reason that John and Patti Ramsey
are walking around for you today.
Yeah, I think they'll never get down.
But John, to let you know you have some
some devolved black listeners on your side.
All right.
All right.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
It's nice listening to you, man.
I'll be listening to you in the future.
And I'll be seeing you.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18, 2, 1.
Yeah, why didn't we have the dream prosecution team
because they don't come up with those kind of,
they don't pay those kind of people that money.
That's why.
They have shleppers like
Marsher Clark.
And that freaking the Chris Darden.
Oh, yeah, he was he was a real winner.
Even at a bad haircut.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
Yeah, well, that's obvious.
I was a sh**ing blow.
Hello.
This is Bob Dull.
You know, a few years ago,
I had prostate surgery.
Initially, I was worried simply about recovering.
And I began to worry about the post-operative side effects,
like erectile dysfunction.
ED sometimes known as impotence.
Also referred to as whiskey winner,
legalent soft surf,
down periscope, wildly willy,
glass and flagpole, head and south, spaghetti syndrome,
went biscuit, you know, ding dong, the witch is dead.
But there is help.
You need to see a doctor with a little courage and a proper treatment.
He can help you achieve an erection,
sometimes known as a boner.
Often referred to as a stippy, hard time pocket rocket,
granite gum drop, concrete crawler, roller quarters,
a chubby, pitch and a tatter being harder than Chinese algebra.
And when you do get help,
there's no reason to be ashamed
because there's now hope for men and their partners.
Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse.
Sometimes known as sex,
often referred to as the Humpty Dance.
Pumping ugly, hiding the salami,
putting the uprights, the dube steak, buggy,
getting some on you,
mashing that, you know,
taking a trip to the mound.
So remember,
it's a little embarrassing to talk about,
but with a little courage and a few creative euphemisms,
you too can leave behind the soft rock,
get yourself some hard salami,
ride the belonging pony into a bright new future.
I'm Bob Dull.
Thank you.
Buh-uh.
145 at 560 WQM.
They're all whipped up about this,
realm Martinez and his supposedly skinny kid.
I don't care what house skinny he was.
I say, let's hear it for realm Martinez is what I say,
okay?
Beat the snot out of him.
Every time we have another one of these incidents,
including by the way last Saturday,
a bunch of these punky kids,
punky punks come out,
hoods,
and they decide,
oh, this would be a good time to go out and have some fun.
Crap this, Derber.
That's what they are.
Professional crap,
this Derber's way,
it's like after there's a riot,
then they start with a looting and all like pull crap.
Got nothing to do with any political statement.
Got to do with being a scumbag.
That's what it has to do with.
And so a bunch of these young punk scumbags come out there.
Oh, let's have a good time.
We're going to start making a mess out here.
Can you imagine Mayor Pinganita?
Whatever the hell is his name is?
Can you imagine him going out there?
He'd have to find somebody real small and skinny.
Start flailing away, yeah.
With his limp wrists.
Oh, you better get away from here now.
Get away.
Got fight.
Yeah.
You know who we have out there with him?
Yeah.
Oh, Mayor, it's a fight.
It's a fight, Mr Mayor.
It's a fight.
They could squirt him together, I think,
and the tears too.
Here's Cutler Ridge, hello?
Yeah, this is a cutlery.
It's called the Long Island, Mr.
All right.
You know, I was listening to Pedro Carrera's father
that called in a couple minutes ago.
Talked about either white level.
He can't even speak English that well, you know?
Yeah.
And how are you going to get on old day, man?
When the killers come over here with machete trying to kill a coast guard.
They try to reach to the coast and deal trying to kill a coast guard.
Who they think they are?
They can't even speak English that good.
You know, okay, one conviction.
So I don't think he was guilty, but that's my personal thing.
Okay.
All right, now.
And get a new phone.
That's good.
Okay.
What was your sense of it about Pedro?
Off a lot of peed roads running around there lately.
Uh-huh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Understand what he said?
No.
Oh.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, man.
The answer that guy before about why California didn't hire their own dream came.
The government's done higher up side there.
Right.
They're off the street.
Of course not.
That's right.
First of all, it would look like they don't have confidence in their own people.
So they don't do that.
Secondly, the road reason I called is, um,
you think you've got problems.
Guess where my public is?
The crossings.
Oh my, oh my god.
Oh my god.
What?
That's where my echo is.
Oh my god.
Are you shooting?
Oh my god.
Yeah, I lived on just just east of there and I've got to go there now.
What do I do if I see him?
Oh my god.
Go get an autograph.
Yeah, all right.
I'll send you the picture.
Not.
Yeah.
Take your take your polaroid.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, that thing about the two cops, boy, that's just pathetic.
The giddy officers, the giddy officers return to the hammock station.
They were giddy rhymes with, you know, rhymes with giddy, don't you?
Yeah.
That's what you do.
And show it off to the pictures.
They were flashing them.
They were showing them and the pictures too.
Which suddenly disappeared, by the way, after this whole mess came down.
And there are no words.
I mean, you know, if you want to do it, it's up to you.
But I'm just telling you where I'm coming from.
There are no words sufficient to describe the revulsion I feel for people who suck up to scumbags.
Because the way I look at it, if you suck up to a scumbag, you're just as bad as they are.
Because what you're saying is this is my value system.
You're a murdering scumbag.
No good, load down.
Why fating son of a bitch?
And guess what?
I admire you and I want you to embrace me as a human being and make me feel like I mean something.
That's the way I look at it.
And I only wish, I only wish because I never really pursued it because we had so much of the crap.
I'm all the floor flying from that goddamn golf tournament.
And all the fallout and the damage control which still hasn't stopped.
But I sure as hell would like to find out the names of the sales holes down there on the second floor,
there were there that they had a lot of Omar sucking OJ's ass.
I mean we know that because he's the one that along with Sam brought him in here.
In spite of us making very clear, we didn't want any part of him.
And he was not to be there.
He was uninvited, specifically uninvited.
There wasn't anybody else in the world that was mentioned, but he was specifically uninvited.
For obvious reasons.
But I would love to find out which of the assholes down there,
because it's a sports club down there you realize.
So you know, naturally there were there sucking up and looking for autographs and shaking
hand. Oh my gosh. Some of those guys probably haven't washed their hands since.
