670560 toll free per date in Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
My am is the dolphins.
A good old Chokkin-cheese.
Bup, bup, bup, hello, kick some dolphins, but it was like a bad wet dream.
I lost my shirt, I lost my mind.
Now I'm in crow.
Oh, no, here's another version of a song that really blows.
Yes, there's a cut the high stomp and...
Cut the high stomp and...
Cut the high stomp and where's my gun?
Yes, there it option...
Cut the high stomp and where's my gun?
Yeah 1, yaaah ho!
Yes wings...
Weather not seas Muk watch rain but forecast fair rain again....
Now the KKK have good days because of your panic
If you are yellow or purple or gone for sale
Brown, you'll be like Mussolini hanging upside down
You can lock in all your guns with half-empower
But if you want to kill those lights, step them to the shower
Oh yeah!
And if you're free, take the gas and you're right, just let them away
Aren't you glad that you voted for PAC today?
Half-empower, half-empower
10 out of 5, 50, WQA and half-empower, two-day two-day two-day
Oh boy! Got a lot of stuff today, man
Lot of stuff, I mean we're loaded with crap today
First of all, what's the name of this thing?
This stupid red-out march of dimes, radio awards, things, everything
The KKK broadcast is that what it's for?
The other awards, we never submit anything to any of these things
Because we're not a bunch of suckholes here, so we're not going to get voted in anyway
So they had this radio awards a phony bogus thing here a few days ago, which I mentioned yesterday
And here's the program from this thing, here's parts of the program
Tonight's presenters, Terry Alexander, the bad boy of radio
Known for his winning and by the way, it's got his picture here
Known for his winning personality, good looks
Oh yeah, charm and distinguished boys always be taken as listeners on an unforgettable ride
To WEDR's afternoon, anybody here ever here at Tony Alexander?
No!
No
W-A-M-R, radio on more is Tony Campos, who by the way George already hates because he's a Puerto Rican
And on the bottom, and I mean way down there on the bottom
Oh yeah, recently named the talker magazines, one hundred most important radio talk show hosted in America
Stupid talk, 940s, Brooke Daniels offers a very energetic and enthusiastic program, even though there's no audience
Sometimes serious, sometimes not
Afternoon commuters can always count on entertaining company on the way home as Brooke takes on everyone from bureaucrats to beauticians
And they're being entertained because they're listening to Hank or something else and not her
She's everybody's mother, big sister, best buddy and babysitter rolled into one
Where are you junior? Yeah, Randy Junior
Is this a joke or what? She was named one of talker's magazines, 50,000 most important talk hosts in America
Right to love Grego and right next to her Karen Gay
Well, what are I'm telling you Pete, you have done it, man, you're speaking of Pete
Also, another sheet rhymes with Pete
General manager, you speak out in a most memorable experiences
Another sheet in this program from this March of Dimes handicap to celebrity thing
Here's Yuri Russian from WDR, speak in WDR by the way
I was talking to a good friend of mine, I don't want to mention Cheryl
I was talking to somebody yesterday
Happy birthday again to you Cheryl, I'm too sorry you had a bad time in Italy because you go with the wrong people
But nevertheless, so she said, boy, you're getting fenced around in this building over here
Now that EDR is moving in
Yeah, it's getting really dark over there
Because they got the coast, which is kind of like vanilla anyway, it's colorless
But they got Hot 105, which is kind of like, it's like a cross between Malcolm from the young in a horny
And who's like a medium and OJ, something like in between that?
A shade in between
And now they got the very, very dark WDR
I mean real, real black
Even time could make OJ that black
Who's somebody that's like jet black?
Like an actor actress, who's somebody that's real, real dark?
I mean real seriously, Wesley's lights
That's how black WDR is
And I said, hey Cheryl, this is the way it always goes
First the Jews are around and then they move out and all the smarts are moving
So why should it be any different to Cox broadcasting?
And she said something about Cox's voice, we had a bad connection like it
So here's a picture of Greg Reed, oh there's some classics on here
I wouldn't even mention a picture of Bob Green with a clown thing on his head
You know our good close personal friend Bob Green?
Remember him? George?
No
Here's a Greg Reed, his most memorable moment in the business
Oh must be the one that they got the pictures of downstairs, but he can't talk about that
So the one he's saying, when Power 96 came on the air and toppled Y100 as the CHR leader
That was his most memorable moment
Yeah
Did he have much or anything to do with that by the way?
No
Ronald Wolf, clear channel broadcasting
This is the best, Ronald, I knew you were like a bimbo, but this is the all, but this is the best
Ronald says, Ronald, by the way, who used to be a tubit sales hole over there at INZ and at the Zeta?
Years ago, not that many years ago?
For most memorable experience was working at the number one news radio station in South Florida during Hurricane Andrew
We were in, keep in mind, was she working at IOD then?
No, she was at INZ
Anybody who lived through Hurricane Andrew knows that the whole audience during those days was less than the WI
The, she says, we were able to be the eyes and ears for so many people without television help them through some difficult times
A close runner up was flying in Bud packs and telecoms
Says, Ronald, how do you like that?
Ronald the Primit Donna
Unbelievable
It's just amazing the way people in their minds they manipulate and they twist and they turn and all this other crap
The number one news station, well I hate to break the news to you sweetheart, there is only one news station
Yeah, it's like, it would be like us saying we're the number one sports talk station, at least that would be something because there is another one
Even though it doesn't exist and didn't get one diary in a rating book, but nevertheless at least there's another one
Is there another all-new station?
No
No, was there back during Hurricane Andrew?
No
And even though we weren't the all-new station, we still beat the pants off INZ then at IOD
Rana, are you listening to Abatheus? I'm sure she is. By the way, good morning, Rana, good morning, Peter
What's that sales guy that asshole that worked for Paxing Abathe, he's still around?
Can you narrow it down a bit?
Roger, uh, touch
Roger, crotch with his thought of the day
Here's Roger with his thought of the day
Could be better than bad
Could be better than bad
His quote of the day, yeah, good is better than bad
Thank you Roger for those very profound thoughts
Oh my god, so like I said we got tons and tons of crap
Let me salute the great sports writer Michael Holdemail who's back way up on top there
What was the colony wrote about a few weeks ago?
Remember I put him out of the doghouse?
Even though he never apologized to my close friend Dave Halberstam because Michael Mayo was really a fascist and drag pretending to be Jewish
But nevertheless he had a good common air couple weeks ago that nobody else there to write it was taken directly from the show
Those little ones I always like when you steal from
Oh god!
Write your whole column from that and he basically did it again although I'm gonna talk about Paul D's
Because we have some of the people in the station where their head way up his ass
The you event the Huracune athletic director
You know Paul D's?
He's an asshole
Yeah, he really is
But most of it's about Jimmy, Jimmy Johnson, alright Jimmy, Jimmy Johnson
Jimmy, I want to find another scapegoat Johnson, Jimmy I'm a hard-ass Johnson
Jimmy you better take another look at his Johnson, oh by the way speaking of that
So Joe Rose in a hall this morning just out of nowhere takes me aside
And says I just want you to know because you're the only person in the building that could appreciate this
That Jason Taylor has got the largest penis on the entire dolphin team
I thought that was pretty big of him to tell me that
I thought it was pretty big of the little dog to share that with me
And of course even though they never played on the same team you do understand they do shower together
Oh yeah
And it still Rose, Jason Taylor, Danny Boy
In fact Danny Boy and Joe Rose shower together like just routinely during the week
9 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM
Drag your ass away
I'll get out of the front
I come to your house and I'm not doing a thing
Don't you come on my game
Cause I'll be waiting behind my photo tree
10.30 to 560 WQM
This is one of the great momentous days in the history of the human race
And I'm sitting here looking at the phone is there one call on there?
No, they care about this
No, no
Can they explain it?
No, are they blown away by it?
No
This is what we've been waiting for
Said Jeffrey Marcia, a professor of astronomy at the University of California in Berkeley
The implications are enormous it says
The more planets that are out there astronomers say the greater the chance are that we may discover life elsewhere in the universe someday
Indirect evidence already has hinted that the existence of at least 28 planets around other stars
Marcia and other astronomers deduced it from the tiny wobbles in the stars orbits
Variations that could only be caused by the gravitational force of nearby planets
They're wobbling over there
Such planets are too small dim and distant to be seen from Earth even with powerful telescopes
But astronomer Greg Henry of Tennessee State University last week detected the next best thing
He observed and photographed a 1.7% decrease in the brightness of a star called
Rather unromantically HD 209458
And precisely the moment predicted by Marcia and his team of planet secrets
Seekers, oh it sounds like a minor achievement it is not
In ancient Henry produced an eclipse like him into a planet passing in front of its star
Henry said the achievement absolutely confirms the planet's existence
Now you see if we got a star that's our son, okay?
It's a star dummies unlike the Bible that says oh he created the stars also like an afterthought
Like oh yeah well we see those lights up there
He created those also just for the hell of it just to make it pretty up there in the sky
Oh it was all black and star
Yeah that's right we don't want no black stuff up there in the sky
If we don't want too many blacks down here on here right? Right
So obviously if we got all these stars doesn't that make sense?
Isn't it logical I hate to use that term as opposed to Hocus Pocus and Buggie Wuggie?
Isn't it logical to assume that most stars maybe all stars have planets revolving around them
And their own solar systems doesn't make sense to you? Yeah
See this is the way I look at it I'm going to give you another analogy
Which will get that one guy maybe some other people pissed off too the thing about you know human life
Being like the rose or a flower you know blooming in the withering and dying etc
That gets that guy for upset it's like the human race is like
Put yourself in a position of a little tiny ant
Little ant crawling out of the ant hole and you look around and of course everything is just so enormous
Is there any possibility that you could really understand the magnitude of everything else that's around you? No
But that's what human beings are that's what we are compared to the universe in which we live
Oh gee
Well that's no that's no fun because now we can't have no answers not yet
No we don't have the answers
So let's make some up
And then if you don't agree with me I'll kill you
Yeah that sounds good
Yeah that's right let's make up some wild crazy stories
How about these people who lived thousands of years ago about men who used to split the sea so his people could walk across very calmly in their sandals
Yeah they didn't have to go barefoot they could keep their sandals on
And about men that used to like come back from the dead and virgin births not just one of them but a whole bunch of them
And all this other crap
All these wild crazy stories
Like I said and I'm waiting for all you believers out there because the the ball is in your court
She never always say to me oh well prove there's no God no I hate to break the news that you got to ask backward okay
Prove to me
All these fairy tales from thousands of years ago that nobody has any real written evidence of except stuff
My religion is better than your religion
It's my religion is better than yours
We now condorce the bothers you like over brushes you are you my religion is better than your life
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
We were tied and lied our fights and destiny every once in a while my religion is better than yours
Oh right
My religion is better than your religion
My religion is better than yours
We now want to use our brains for my religion when they got the race
My religion is better than yours
Hey
And by the way for that jackball I wanted to be hang up and I'm glad that I did
See what is nature nature is like animals eating other animals
Oh yeah
Call survival of the fittest
Now what kind of what kind of God what kind of creature would have invented that and how come the overhead is so loud not by the way that just out of nowhere
It just decided to go like through the well just the way it isn't here touchy
And speaking of touchy I'll be honest with you I'm getting a little touchy I just tried to call normal Kent
People are trying to call center one you know you just reach a point you try to do something good
You try to do something good for years I raised I don't know millions of dollars for Camilla's house
Or at least they got to be a couple million
And then they got too big for their bridges
Evidently they had too much money the homeless weren't starving they're not out there on the streets begging and disrupting
Anymore so they didn't need our money
Because they were too picky they didn't want certain things that we were peddling they didn't like that picture that
Allfantab with the black players on the horses with the gun and all that other stuff and so finally parted company with that
And out here center one okay that helps a lot of the sad part of it is
They do a lot of good work for people who really need their help people who are without money who need their medication
Who need a lot of things
Men, women, children all kinds of people
But the problem is here again you know you put yourself in a position we had the golf tournament we had the CDs that were all screwed up
We've had nothing but problems
And I'm sitting here thinking to myself who needs this who needs to go out every year and make these
Appearances on a weekend tie up my weekend and stay here in town
To go out and then do I benefit from it do I make any money from it?
No, is there anything in it for me?
No
Not to mention the fact that I write a big check on my own every year the biggest one that they get
But unless the people that you're working for whether it's a committal house or center one or anybody else want to cooperate
Unless you can get a hold of somebody I we just don't have time here we don't we don't have a staff
It's me and George that's the staff
We don't have the ability the capacity to go running them on all over town chasing people that we're trying to help so Carol this is the last year
This is it this is the end it won't be for anybody okay I've done my bid I've raised at least a couple two three million dollars over the last several years
And you know and I don't do it for because it's sir we get no publicity about it none zero it don't even a line in the newspaper nothing
But you can only do so much and then when you just treated with a cacophony of sounds of people you know whining about I can't get and I'm not knocking those people because they're right
They're trying to help us out they're also trying to get their stuff like these keychains for example yeah
And I'm sitting here giving the number out and giving the number and they can't even leave a message because the voice mail is full and certain people are returning any phone calls
Sorry Carol Adios have a great life this is it so that's all the more reason to go to specs and buy your CDs and stuff this year because will there be this stuff next year no that's it
And again it's just it's just serves is another interruption what I'm trying to do here just like that golf tournament what an unbelievable what a nightmare that was
And by the way the reason that we got involved with the bad CDs in the first place that certain people felt they could save a little bit of money and find
And somebody else to do business with this year did we make that decision here no they have the decision oh yeah here's somebody new and different that can save you a little bit off the cost of those CDs and all this good stuff
And that's why we went through the month and a half of frustration and and I all comes back on me on my ass I don't need I already work for rassles
This is just an extra impediment for my life so good luck to you Carol
Here's a bokeh hello
Hello yes sir
Neil how are you okay I didn't call up to argue with anything I don't know enough about religion or politics to even talk about it
Why I called I just wanted to say hi to you and let you know I was thinking of you over the weekend because my wife made baked pasta
Okay great thanks
Yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 8 7 7 8 5 Niel on our America line 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 D 5 little green men from Mars are running around in Tamarack anybody care oh sorry
That's right I forgot their foreigners we got enough of those already here's for Lauderdale hello
Yeah I don't want you to forget the stories that we got to lunch yeah exactly listen Donald Trump you know blowing the town the other night I don't care well he had something to say which fits in with what you're telling us yes first question right out of the box you believe in God
I thought oh my god there's a litmus test now for running for office well there always has been so he thought for a moment and then he said yes
It's necessary to believe in God in order to keep the people in control
Oh God right and I I damn they fell off the sofa yeah but he's still he's still nothing
Well he's he's got what it takes to be the president based on what my dog could say the same thing if he could speak maybe he'll bark it out
What it takes to be president in his case money and negatism yeah but he's got to write about that you know God you know keeps people in control
Yeah that's where it is mm-hmm okay thanks and have a great day and you don't like Casu there you go our man he's our man that Donald the Donald and he's got no celebrity shows a lot that's good enough for us
We don't care if they got if there are 15 spaceships going to land right here in Florida they're going to be landing in Jackson till the four midnight tonight
with all kinds of little green man little purple women little purple people leaders we don't care about that stuff
We got our celebrity shows to take care of and our football games that's what's important right FNA baby
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line that line 9 is as dead as the doornell as useless as teats on a pencil
8 7 7 8 5 63 45
11 on 9 to Q a
dolphins hurricanes plus Sunday and money made football your football superstition is or 3DO 560 Q a
A.M.
Roger
Mike Disney's Jewish would you believe it no
No
Fleetwood Roper Gary Bruce to
Huh
Henry Barrow Jewish could you conceive it
Oh
And go
Phil
Coxton is
Who
Johnny
Doc is yet
Is
Can't you smell it
When
Three to
Silly
And the
God's the
To
As a matter of fact all the cocks employees are Jewish and I fell in love with you
We've had Mill again
Oh
I fell in love with you
No
Oh
Those are the days baby
11 14 at 5 60 WQ a M 5 6 7 0 5 60
They just had 4 million little purple people eaters land in goddamn Daytona beats there ought to be right now
Any interest
No
Okay
What's nature
I mean what's that
I don't know
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal
How you doing?
Probably has something to do with baked pasta
Yes sir
He was the greatest
He was the greatest
Two things to hunt
And to say the first thing I had to call you because that guy's wife made baked pasta
They're dropping nuclear weapons on Chicago and this guy calls to Tommy
I was thinking about you this weekend Neil my wife made baked pasta
Alright
Well they're dropping nuclear bombs and a casual fish with a baked pasta
Yeah I guarantee if I would eat in her baked
I would have been dropping lots of them
So Ken
Listen to the artwork
You always talking about how crappy now advertising is with the sports right
Have you ever seen once in a while I'll be watching sports center
And they'll have on a press conference with these coaches, these football coaches
You know what they're doing now right
They're putting up these big blankets behind them with like the logos of the teams
And the Cadillac Cadillac Cadillac Cadillac or staple staple sight
Yeah but why are you watching that?
Why?
Everybody watch press conference
I don't
Well I'm flipping through
You know I'm flipping through but I'm just saying that real fast
I'm telling you
And the baked pasta too
Okay
Have a great day
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pond 5 60 on the 8
George wants to go back to North Carolina by the way
I'm leaving for vacation a couple of days early
And goodbye Carol and goodbye center one
I mean we'll finish our thing through December this year because you know we like to finish what we start
But with absolutely no help, no cooperation, none, zero
It's like I got to fight the radio station, I got to fight her, I got to fight the can't find Norma, can't who's become invisible again
It's just it's just too much
Too much
And it's sad because in this particular case we raised every year we have for the last few years now a very significant portion of their annual budget
But you know something we've done as much as we can
Would you agree?
That means yes
Here's the mobile in Miami, hello
Hello now
Yes sir
Hey George almost had it right about that being heaven
That other solar system but it's not
Do Christians put the new excuse at the wide addict's risk?
I like that the word they got
Where are the Christians?
Even the guy that called before they hang up on the please guy, even that guy what is nature guy?
Even he said he's not a Christian, he's just a God guy
He's got one of the God Squad
Yeah, they're gonna come up with a new excuse
Yeah, they got this good stuff and fight out
Yeah
You get a blow this place up and he's gonna start a new out there
They're busy working on answers, that's why they don't have any yet today
They just found the thing yesterday
Okay, thank you sir, thank you so much
Yeah, we're busy formulating some responses to this just like the NRA people
And as soon as we have the prescribed manual with all the buzz words and cliches
We'll call you with the appropriate crap
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Kate Coral, hello
Hello, Nio
Yes sir
Colin from Kate Coral
Long time member of the Freedom from Religion Foundation
All right
And an out of the closet AT&T
Yes sir
I don't know when you received your copy
Do you know the AT&T is called about this?
Do you, the so-called believers out there, they got nothing to say, cats got their tongue
Well this month's free thought today has got some terrific articles in it
Okay, I don't know if you receive it
Yes I do
On a monthly...
Yes I do
A scientist last at a territorial on page 6, terrific
Also a member of the Citizens United for the separation of church and state
There's a case before the Supreme Court now about prayer
Yeah I talked about the yesterday
Oh I missed it
I saw Barry Lynn on television last night
Here's a good book
Now come on, put some other way around it
You know those Bible thumbpress, high school football and all football and prayer
And all goes together you know
You know what they say, defending the first amendment is like washing your socks
You have to do it over and over
Yeah, right next beer and prayer in the football
So it's all one thing, you know, tailgating
Okay, have a great day before you
One thing, here's a book I'd like to recommend
Okay
The arrogance of faith by forest G woods
Okay
Nice talking to you Nio
Thanks a lot pal
I'll pray for you
I wonder if he's keen to tiger
5670560, pound 560 on the 18T line
And on the worldwide line there
All new Christians out there, come on we want to hear from you
Save us please before it's too God damn late
Before all us heathens out here burning hell
All new good believers, all new Orthodox Yiddah
All new crazy Islamic nutcases who are busy putting your planes into a spin
Into a dive, they're diving on it
877-785-6345
Don't forget the Buddhist too by the way they're rubbing it
That's why they reproduce like that this
I'll sit there all day they're rubbing it
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello
Hi Nio
Yes sir
How's it going?
Okay
You know if God created Man in his own image
What do you look like a crow magnon or king Kong or what?
You know?
I got a next door neighbor that went over there the other night
And he was watching a thing on the Romans on the history channel
And somehow we got into religion
And I didn't even know this guy was into religion
But every question I asked him the answer was in the Bible
Every time I look at what I just read which I've done this many times before
But I just read in the first two pages of Genesis
Which show even a little child that this is a book written by
And well the series of books written by very very primitive people
Who are just trying to explain to the other primitive people
Or even dumber than they were about like a little child
Here's a light in the sky, here's another light that comes out at night
And it's so ridiculous on the face of it
And then people start quoting from the Bible
And just to buy their positions on any number of issues
And about why they treat other people the way that they do
You've got to be elunatic to be doing these things
They got to get together to butterfly that after these people
Right well I have to get out of there quick when that started happening
But he's also an avid conjurer
And you know got about 30 guns, 29 is going to compound though
But get the nice guy
He's not going to go these, the only shoots of animals
At the pentals animals
But he eats them
Yeah well like Jesse Ventura said he says he only shoots the things that have the ability to shoot back
That's right
Okay have a great day, sir
Hey you too
And I'll pray for it
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line line is dead
877785, Neil
8777756345
Here's North Miami, hello
Neil, hi
Yes sir, I got back, I was in New York yesterday
I'm reading a real newspaper, the Daily News
And here we're talking about the Egyptian air crash
The headline was,
I was like Bob Lincoln to me
It is
Okay
I'm going to kill myself right now
I just thought it was another tough
He's becoming chronic now
He's becoming chronic now
So he's calling a lot of drugs?
No, you, Dr. Remember the day you were still here was a couple weeks ago before you went away
When a guy called about national airlines flying to Vegas and gave us the whole run down the whole
And then he called and repeated part of it
Bob, please
Go sell some trips
Go sell, go do some stuff
Go to Vegas
Go have another kid getting married somewhere, please
56670560
Last call here for anybody who wants to talk about important stuff if not...
To you, okay
I'm just playing music every day now
I looked in that contract instead of radio show, 10 to 2
Didn't say what you have to do
What, what's the point?
And I know that the people are out there who all the believers, they're all out, you're all out there
And then they start, they play the games
Oh well don't hang up on me and I know the games you've...
I'm sitting here waiting to have a discussion
I don't want somebody calling here prefacing anything that they might have to say
For two and a half minutes, you know, waiting for me to hang up on them, predicting it
Which they know if they keep doing it I will
So I guess they proved their point, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, 877
See, and this is what's sad
This is what the proof is into putting, okay?
Because those of you who believe in a horse crap, you don't have the balls to discuss this with me
With people with little weak minds out there, with lemmings with your kids, who of course have no choice
Oh yeah, you're giving a big song and a dance about this crap
Brainwashing, brainwashing, just like you or brainwashed
But you haven't got the fogiest idea what you're talking about
Oh, we don't know what happens when you die, I mean we don't...
Oh no, we don't know what happens when you die
That's like saying, we don't know what happens when you're born
Oh, we don't
Hey Neil, yes sir
I just wanted to let you know that we have no credible media left in this town
Over the weekend, I don't know if you saw this big South American convention there having down in Cuba?
No, I did not, sir, I don't pay any attention to Cuba
Well, anyway, it's not a part of my life, I have no interest in Cuba or anything related to Cuba
Yeah, well this was from the Channel 7 report either, they said they were gloating on the news about...
And this has something to do with what we're talking about here today?
No, really?
No, okay
Here's another guy who wants to bash humans, okay?
Call up a radio mom B, okay?
Tell them there are a bunch of assholes, tell them whatever you want, get an interpreter, call up and go...
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said...
And have a great day, and we'll give you enus to penis shares number two you can call his house and scream about bilingualism for a few hours
Here's a pop-it-o-b, chill out
Neil
Yes sir
Hey, God, how you doing?
Okay.
You probably scored a guy for life, and he'll need by and ever had God hang up on him
before.
Uh-huh.
That's a neat analogy about the microscopic rhinoceros disease in your mattress, you know?
But you see in that layers and layers of life, that's cool.
Not in your mattress, in your body, in your head.
I mean, I've seen the electron microscopes shot at your mattress and it's like, well, the
mattress, your head, whatever.
Yeah.
They're on there, man.
Life on life.
Neil, have you ever heard of pantheism?
No.
I looked it up one time in the dictionary.
It's the doctrine that you've been in.
That's the word, the pantheists.
Huh?
Go ahead.
Okay.
The universe in its entirety is God.
Yeah.
So what is that?
You know what that is?
There's a word for that.
It's called double-pock.
Yeah.
And they've ever heard of these science-
Well, what's wrong with the word nature?
Why is that an evil word?
See, I've said this before many, many times, and a guy they called before is proven, but the
reason people like to give me this song and dance while what's nature, and because they
don't have any respect for nature, and man is the one animal that's destroying nature, destroying
the environment.
So it's very easy to say, well, pretend like, well, nature, what the hell is that?
That's the only thing, because after all, we got God.
Nature is always God.
Yeah.
And we have no respect for it.
We have no appreciation.
We have no understanding.
We have no respect for it.
It's God, but you can't form a person relationship.
First, God is a word.
It's a word.
Spelled backwards, it spells, drug.
And I'll take you to one of my drugs anytime over some nebulous God, with a long beard and
a bad aim.
For every time he dies, he's going to punish somebody.
He gets a whole bunch of innocent men, woman and children besides because he's got bad aim,
because he keeps screwing up all the time.
And because he can't get rid of that little guy with a pit spork in the tail.
Boy, wow.
Scary, really scary.
Every day I do the show, I realize just how scary it is.
It's 1126 at 560 WQAM.
Kim Mocafard taught sports high-ends right here on sports radio 560 WQAM.
Floridians, dumb-ass dirt.
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The real
The sophisticated calculations yielded a size estimate for this new planet.
A strontarist believe it's half again as large as Jupiter.
Although its mass is 63% lower, a discrepancy is still to be explained.
In other words, it's big, but it's small and mass.
Kind of like fat people.
Yeah, some people are fat like Al Goldstein.
Big and mass.
And other people are fat like me, but not quite so big and mass.
We've essentially seen the shadow of the planet used to measure the planet's size.
Set an aesthetic marshy with this one.
Everything hangs together.
How do you like that?
And they'll probably hang these guys before they're finished.
Like they burned the witches and Salem.
Oh, by the way, they were apologizing.
Did you see that a couple of weeks ago?
Oh, yeah.
They're apologizing to the families.
The great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandchildren of the witches who got burned in Salem.
And we apologize they weren't witches.
And we're cleaning up history and changing it all around because they weren't witches after all.
Which one, while I'm not really sure, but nevertheless.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Don.
You mentioned a Camilla's house before about the good work they do.
I have a little expose from you.
I work part-time for the outreach center, which is a satellite unit of the Camilla's house.
I went to work the first day to rule religious people as a pastor.
He sits on a desk and they'll live with them.
And so forth.
The first day I'm sitting on a phone with them two hours, they call me up in the house, but one of the guys got locked up.
He's brought in.
He happened to be one of the few guys that had legitimate identification.
By the way, Daddy, and I fingerprint any of these people that come into the place.
Nothing.
You don't have to have any ID.
The point I'm trying to make you, if they were fingerprint these people back there, you would find pedophiles back there.
Try out my last days.
Well, you don't understand.
Just the last Thursday, they started fingerprinting the people at the art's diocese.
So maybe the other start fingerprinting the people at the Camilla's house too.
Any better than fingerprintals?
The criminals on vacation, Daddy, see you.
They give you a bed, they give you showers, you can save it too.
Between crimes?
Between crimes.
That's actually correct.
Well, I got news for you.
I'm all through doing charity work.
I mean, I do it because I believe in it.
I thought I was doing something good.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
We can put out the best of the meal and we can sell it for cost.
You know, why do we need to give them my interiority?
We can sell it for cost or we can give them money to needy people like me and George.
I mean, you know, what the hell is this?
What do you see in a paper of all of our businesses?
I'm all through with charities because either what you do isn't the right thing.
You're not selling the right thing.
They don't agree with the philosophy of it.
Or yeah, yeah, exactly.
Get out of the whole politician.
All the politicians get all the resources to do it.
They get dressed up the politician, Thanksgiving.
We're going to make up the mayor of Hollywood comes down.
They have the two hours and throws and food.
Right.
Of course, the newspaper.
When you're raising money for homeless people and the charity starts getting too picky
about how you're what you're peddling the raise the money with, at that point I said,
okay, well, if you got that much money coming in that you don't need our help,
then we'll do a help somebody else.
There was one woman at you as the obvious manager and I asked her, you know,
Kazumi, why she does this?
This is not allowed to money.
She says, I feel God something moving within me through the way she goes.
Yeah, I just heard about that.
I told her she needs something to do that.
My bad, my intelligence practice went on the way to the airport.
Went on the way through the Hershey highway and thank you.
So I guess you don't like a millis house.
Is that what you're saying?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
I'm all through with charity.
That's it.
I'm all done.
I'm going to become my own favorite charity.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five and done.
Not for lack of trying.
I'm not looking for any brownie points because like I said, never got one word credit in
any newspaper even under the even under the restroom wall.
Okay, and wasn't looking for that.
But at least give me some cooperation, huh?
Okay, goodbye.
That's it.
Goodbye, Norma.
Have a great life.
Just float away, please.
Leave me alone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Let's go to a Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What if that finger fasted there?
What?
Yes, sir.
Man, he hardly got two words in that way.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I'm doing a very poor job too, by the way.
I'm Coral because I thank you so much for reading that article about the planet.
Mm-hmm.
And I just want to address the asshole that wouldn't want to have a conversation with you before.
I mean, if you really believe that this is the only sun that there's a planet, the exact right distance away
with all the right ingredients that have all those billions of stars that are out there.
In addition to which, who knows what ingredient?
There's life on the poles and the North and the South pole deep under the ocean and the ocean floor.
There are all different kinds of life.
Some of it needs some life, some of it doesn't.
I was watching a program, probably the same one, that other guy called about the 400 billion stars in just our galaxy.
They think they might be life on one of those moons that are going around Jupiter.
Underneath the water.
Yeah.
And just the gumities.
You know which moon it's on, don't you?
Yeah, right.
Fuck off of him.
Yeah, that one.
That's right.
I mean, if there really is a God, why would he give us the ability to discover these things and to learn these things if?
No, see, if there were God and he was going to tell mankind about things that were beyond our scope.
We didn't have telescopes.
We had no technology back in those days.
And then it was in the Bible thousands of years ago.
Then you'd say, aha, this was a revelation that man couldn't have known.
But he didn't tell us anything that the average monk couldn't have seen.
Oh, there's a big light up in the sky.
It's out during the daytime.
And there's a little light up.
And of course, these people thought that these lights only came out.
They didn't know that it was a sun and it was a moon.
They just thought that these were lights up there.
Like, fuck them out of God damn light.
Of course, they didn't have no light bulb.
And how long would they believe that that light was revolving around us rather than us revolving around it?
Now you're going to get the Pope pissed off again.
He's going to have to apologize again.
But you know, it's funny that you read those verses a couple of few weeks back on one of the, I think, was Oncore.
Had Dino D. Laurentis, the Bible on there and they'd started out with all of that, you know, first day.
Did this for a second day?
And I'm just sitting there shaking my head saying, Jesus Christ.
How many people out there believe in this?
Jesus Christ, aren't they pathetic?
It's crazy.
It's talking about charity and talking about people ripping other people off.
How many billions of tax-free dollars?
There wouldn't have to be one starving person.
This is the three old sin.
There wouldn't have to be one man, woman or child, even with all the overpopulation we got.
But starving in this world, if all that tax-free money and all the wealth that these so-called religions have got,
would go into taking care of those people.
Amen, brother.
Okay.
I'll pray for you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Is this line working today or what, by the way?
Yes, it's working.
Just want to check.
Nothing I'm paranoid about the phone line.
Like I said, we'll do the best we can to rest in November, all of these December,
because I'd like to finish what I start for center one.
We hope you go to specs and buy the stuff.
And if you want to call that number, maybe somebody will call you back someday or not as the case may be.
But I'm doing the best I can on the center, you know?
That's all I can do.
And I want to be in the middle.
With a golf tournament, with the phone calls that nobody returns, it's very frustrating.
Like this radio station, you try to do something good.
Did they give you any support?
No.
Did they give you anything to work with?
No.
Did they give you anything?
No.
A helping hand?
No.
No.
No.
Kicking the ass?
No.
Not even that.
Not even that.
Barely even a glimmer of recognition, because it's not a sports show.
Did you hear when the hour by hour numbers came by, I was worried that after you won't win on the case.
No, I was here.
You saw that sheet.
I saw it.
We were both wearing it as a matter of fact, that sheet overheads.
In fact, it reminds me of a restaurant in the Thai restaurant in Pemberk Pines.
Sheets of Ralata.
Yeah.
21 before noon at 560 WQM.
It's so sad, you know, for the same price.
For the same price.
I could be sitting somewhere where there were people that like, oh yeah, let's talk about that.
That's pretty interesting, you know.
No.
My wife made baked pasta this weekend.
I was thinking about you.
Yeah.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm leaving right now.
I'm going home and making baked pasta.
Isn't that sound good?
Yeah, nothing complicated about it.
You don't have to think.
You just throw the pasta in a pot of boiling water, little olive oil in there, maybe a little salt.
Yeah, put a little bit of pasta in a little sauce on there.
You load on your mozzarella.
Whatever, your mozzarella, I'm sorry.
I'm not talking grito talk.
Mozzarella.
Pop that baby in a little casserole in the oven, 350.
For about 45 minutes, hour and a half.
Mmm.
24 noon at 5.60 WQ.
I'm going to eat my bivy.
All right.
Every good Christian knows a game to play.
It's not so very hard to do.
Five, the five.
The name of the game is the Bible says.
If you have a few minutes away, we do.
Tell people you know the way.
It bites them through your house.
It's their possession's away.
It bites them through your house.
And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
If you ate the Bible, say it's true.
No matter what you do, you can think of three.
Of the Lord's will always forgive you.
Think of a poison in this name.
All right.
Wave it all around.
Word, word.
Find a fortune's limit.
And shoot a doctor down.
Come and fight me.
We are all mixed to be okay.
Come on, do we go to the public?
Speak to the crowd, that is your kid.
Your duty, the right of the vow.
Go on the scale, come in.
And pass through the right of the chicken.
And do they get back the pie?
Four things you're doing in five, fifty, two, and we got Hank in full city day.
Two o'clock, six o'clock tonight.
We got Boob Shambi, monster in the sports business,
Eddie Kay with the Acronid G.A. Show, ten o'clock tonight.
Firm evidence is found for a far away planet.
For the first time ever, astronomers kept your photographic evidence of a distant planet passing in front of its star.
Of its sun.
Its sun.
And those planets, by the way, are revolving around their suns.
And maybe their daughters too.
How do you like that?
Galileo, we apologize, by the way.
The Pope wants to apologize again.
It's a little bit like, maybe we can dig up his remains and apologize to them.
What do you think?
Sounds good to me.
Uh-huh.
We're sorry, we apologize.
Just like the witches that they burned in jail.
I'm sorry about that too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue banging away and banging away, whether it's the goddamn baked pasta,
or whether it's the some stupid goddamn football game, and Jimmy did this and Danny did that.
The same old one, dimensional assholes, man.
And it's terrifying.
It scares the living crap out of me.
Which is good to keep regular, though, by the way.
That's one thing about this show.
It'll really keep you regular.
Here's Boyton Beach, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Yes, sir, I'm listening, but I can really hear you.
Just wanted to talk about the religion thing.
I'm a fallaway Catholic, and my family was all brought up in the Catholic Church education, and so on.
The thing that bothers me on the religion thing is that when a family member or a close friend gets real sick, they turn the religion.
And they seem to get a lot out of it.
My daughter is very religious too, and she goes, well she just does.
She goes to church every Sunday.
Why?
I don't ask her.
I just know that she, that's the way she feels, and I don't like to interfere with her personal feelings.
She knows how I feel about it.
I told her, in fact, for a while I used to say, I belong to the church, but I don't know.
And then I heard you earlier saying, it's not that you don't know.
It's that, you know, like some people say, well I don't know, because there could be a guy that couldn't be a guy, but I don't know.
I'm not going to voice my opinion when we are another.
And that's kind of the way I've been lately, but I heard you the other day talking about, you know, you take an ant, put it in the bottle, and you know, in a couple of weeks later it might just disintegrate, but it doesn't go anywhere.
And we're talking about having an hell of it, you know.
My daughter, kid, I called yesterday about the Walter Peyton.
You know, well we don't really know what happens after you die.
Of course we know what happens after you die.
Going to a box?
Yeah, we dig up those Egyptian mummies from thousands of years ago.
Guess what? They're still in the box.
Yeah, they're still not there. They're still not saying too much.
They're still not crying for mummy anymore.
My question to you is, with close friends and family, you know, you should even discuss it.
So Les said the better.
Yeah.
So Les said the better. I mean as far as family is concerned, I mean I think when kids, you know, when you're raising your kids, you know, let them pick your own poison.
You try to do a good job, let them pick their own poison.
But certainly if you got any kind of common sense or decency, you don't brainwash them as if you've got some kind of answer or all of the answers which most people do unfortunately.
I don't like my daughter. She has four children now.
You're just like this crap about interreligious marriages. What the hell differences it make?
What differences, fairytales. I mean if two people love each other, what differences it make, what fairytales that they've been brainwashed with, what not just another way to keep people apart.
Just another way to separate people from each other and make them hate each other.
And have a great day.
Thank you. I'll pray for you.
And your daughter, I'll pray for her a lot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fine. And like I said, not a one, not one.
Not one believer. It's almost noon now.
I brought this story up like quarter after 10 this morning.
Big major goddamn story right on the front page. It should have been in the upper right hand corner of every newspaper.
But of course they're more interested in you know, exciting blood and guts. Oh, some of the lady got killed in the highway.
I mean, the people get killed on the highway here every goddamn day.
That's the most important story in this town.
I don't think so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
877, 785, Neil.
785, 6345.
We're still waiting for an explanation for all our believers out there about all these other solar systems, all these other sons or stars,
whatever we want to call them, and all these other planets revolving around these stars.
And of course we haven't even seen the tip of the iceberg yet.
This is the first time we've actually seen that we actually have evidence.
But like I said about the little ant crawling out of the ant hill and looking around and oh my god, what's all of that?
What's all this?
And that's how we are. But we just wanted to admit it because we're arrogant and we're get-tistical and we're self-serving.
And we have no respect for nature. But other than that, here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Well, first of all, I'd like to tell you listening that they all suck because no one gives me the information that there's a major traffic accident on a 95-embrowered sonarity that gets it in now.
It takes me about 45 minutes to get some power to sonarity.
95-oam, which way? North?
Yeah, it's, I don't know what's happening, but I see all the really birds off the sky.
I think the audience has gone. They're all listening to the two alive Jews there on Waff and that's where they all are.
Right. Well, I got a couple other things I want to talk to you about.
The first thing is the religion thing. I was raised. I wasn't when these people raised in this Catholic environment and all that.
I was raised enough. I guess they called it Protestantly. Your family's Methodist in the South.
And you know, we didn't do the church every day, but you know, we did the church on Sundays and you know, the whole bit.
But you know, I've started thinking about it myself and that comes in conclusion that my best friend is a quadriplegic. He's always a good kid.
You know, he got hurt in an accident. He's paralyzed for life now. You know, if there is a God, why would he let someone like that?
You know, that was the first time. That was the first time.
That was the first time. That was the first time.
That was the first time. That was the first time.
But if God is a terrible...
Just remember what they say in Christianity. Good works alone. We'll talk to you in the Kingdom of Heaven.
There is no incentive to be a good person. There's no incentive. If Hitler, in this crap a lot, if Hitler would have accepted Christ on his deathbed, he's going to heaven.
So what's the motivation? What's the incentive just to be a decent-carrying person if this God that they've made up doesn't give a crap about those things. Just what kind of fairy tales he can force you into believing?
Right. It's like the kids that are born to the eighth mothers and the kids have eight.
Right. The kids never did anything wrong. That's right.
That's right. That's why God punish them.
You know, if there is good people, is it...
How about all the people when we had the flood, all the innocent people?
Not everybody on the planet could have been bad then. They couldn't have all been evil. But he was just pissed off. So, except for that old drunk in his family, everybody got killed. Even the animals got killed.
Right. That doesn't make sense. That's the ones that were busy messing up the yard.
If I could just change channels there, I got one of the things I'd like to vent about.
I have a 16-month-old child and he's one of these kids that has the chronic urine infections.
We've been going to eight pediatric. We're not going to slam the doctor on the air. I'd like to, but I'm not going to.
He put us on nine antibiotics before we finally begged him to give us a referral to go to the specialist.
Nine antibiotics. Meal. Do you know what that does? That means you're needing to antibiotic.
But why would you keep going back to the same crack?
Because we're on an HMO and that's our primary care for this.
You just have a bunch of crap. I'll try to make him suck.
HMO suck.
And I don't know if I think more than a child is sucks.
You're trying to have a child. I think I don't know if you've been through this.
But I talked to the guy that worked next door to me and he said,
oh yeah, my son had two ear infections and they said this is a ear nose and bone specialist and they took care of it.
I'm like, this guy's giving us nine antibiotics to try to take care of it here.
Infection is just a... I'm pissed and I'm sitting here in traffic watching these damn Canadians
and finding me that don't know how to drive in. I just wanted to vent and I hope you have a wonderful goddamn day.
Welcome to Florida.
And I'll pray for you.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th T-line. Here's Port Myers. Hello.
Yeah, near God. Yes, sir.
Listen, I don't know if you've got problems with it. We have a lot of problems with your home or witness.
Yeah, okay. Well listen, call me back on a real phone when I can understand what you're saying.
Okay, because it sounds like you've got a real... like an art guy I'll sock over it in the phone too.
I'm going to go to the world room. Okay, sorry about that, sir.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th T-line. 877785, 6345. How about those dolphins? How about that genie?
How about that genie? That's what they're all worked up and pissed off and fired up about.
You better get with it, Mr. You just don't have your priorities straight enough.
You better get with the pogrom. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Oh, no?
Yes, sir. Yeah, it's pretty simple. Why you don't believe in God? I think it's because you're a homeowner.
Oh, is that the reason? Yeah, that must be it.
I mean, if I was a homeowner, I wouldn't want to believe in God either.
Uh-huh. I mean, that's basically a natural...
You're talking about nature and how humans don't want to hear about nature, but do you think that's natural?
Well, I'm asking what a man has anal intercourse with a woman. Is that natural?
That's not the point.
No, no, sir, I'm asking you a question. Now, what a man has anal intercourse with a woman. Is that natural?
No, that's not natural.
Okay, thank you. So quit fudge packing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. He always comes back to that. He's got no support of his own, but it must be because you're a homeowner.
That's why you don't believe in God. Does that have anything to do with it?
No. No.
Although, of course, the fact that you use the Bible to, you know, I mean, not just homosexuals, but blacks, women, anybody else.
The spread hate. That's what it's great for.
Oh, what a Bible says. It's the same book. That's what you're upset about. It's the same book that says those silly things right in the beginning and Genesis that are right an hour ago.
That are so obviously written by primitive ignorant people. And you're going to make judgments about, well, God says this is evil.
It gets serious, man. Again, you're using a book to justify your prejudice.
Isn't that novel?
No. Wow. And by the way, I got this great book here. You'd like to read?
Peter to Rose of Vickers of Christ, the dark side of the papacy, which has got a tremendous history of the crusades in the Spanish Inquisition.
I mean, unbelievable.
Oh, you probably want to read this. I'll borrow you. Okay.
It's unbelievable from all the good God people like you. They weren't killing a homeless. They were just killing anybody who wouldn't go along with the program.
How do you like that, sir? My God-fearing friend.
Yeah, we're afraid of them all right. We're afraid of anybody who believes in that crap.
Four minutes before noon at 5.60 Q.M.
Ed Chapman knows the scores, starting at 10.
Of a last-k. L.
We've died only on 4.30.5.60 Q.A.L.
Now, when you see a man, I guess it was for the day.
And now it's for real and I say, it's practically he denied.
He was resting his fine. He ain't for real and I say, no, yeah.
That's the day I was born to sack when he was a kid.
He was the one who saved him and saved him. He was the one who saved him.
He was the one who saved him and saved him. He was the one who saved him.
So he can't be seen. He's like two or two cups.
But that's not a kid. That's the way it is.
All that a no-full of nobody has eyed his day.
George, don't you know what they'll ever get?
You're always in one of the things that he's been saying.
George, he pushes that his nose is clean and never puts up in it.
That's his runny for the White House, so he just can't do manners.
Stone, drunk, and that's not all. He's in down a few feet ball.
He's calling Kenny, drunk with two. He's in drops of Massachusetts.
Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press which shut their mouth.
Oh, some of you got them business. He did more than what you think.
But he watched it down the sea.
And he preferred cocaine to have.
That's the question that he does.
And he makes his point much clearer.
Like a razor on a mirror.
But he wants us to believe.
That he didn't do anything.
George, he pushes that his nose is clean and never puts up in it.
He can't be running for the White House.
He just can't do manners.
George, he's in the right corner, baby.
Oh, rock, rock.
I'm just in that kind of mood that they were giving a little bonus action for you.
1202 with 560 WGQAM.
By the way, let me again recommend.
I'll talk about it tomorrow, save it.
We got too much important stuff going on here today,
even though the cats got everybody's tongue, especially the believers out there,
the mood of people.
Michael Mayo, when the going gets tough, the leaders get childish about Paul D.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
He's got a lot of things going on here.
One of the states.
One of the states.
One call from out of state.
They just discovered there's life on Uranus.
Was that ethical call today?
That's right, the very first call.
It was a good living and breathing young guy, a college kid.
It just seemed like it was 100 years ago.
You're right.
That's before we got into all this religion crap.
We turned it off when you started too bad.
Too bad.
Am I going to stop talking about it?
No.
No chance.
No way Jose.
In fact, when I go on vacation, Georgia is going to be talking nonstop, anti-religion,
pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, that's right.
Turn it right now.
And more power to him, God, damn it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18T line.
877, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
I fought, I screamed, I yelled, I raised holy hell to get that goddamn line.
And there it is.
Boy.
I think we're out of business, I really do.
I think I'm talking to myself.
Of course, I've been saying that for 20 years.
Here's Tamara, hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
You know, 30 years ago, I found out there was no God when I was in the war.
And the guys praying.
And I said, man.
And they brought him back in body bags.
Man, there is no, I mean, face like, you know, the old adage.
There's no atheist in a foxhole.
Now, how do you like this guy before that it's called about the guy that wanted to be hung up on?
How about he prayed for money?
God helped him with the money.
But when it comes to getting your crap blown away, you don't have time to worry about that.
Did you get an all-or-robot to pray for millions of dollars?
Yeah, I'm a guy.
Well, but God told him to do that.
Yeah, of course.
You get in the deadline.
The thing about it was I brought my kids up without religion.
I was fighting my grandparents, the grandparents, both sides, Christian and Jewish, the whole way.
My kids are now in their 20s.
And I just find your own way.
I've one kid, he's he's intrigued with Satanism because he can't figure out why people believe in that crap.
Okay, on top of it.
And I just told him all along, I said, it's for people who basically won't do for themselves.
I mean, I didn't know what to say.
Just like Jesse said, it's for weak people.
Exactly.
For weak people.
The funny thing is, is that on Sunday, when you see that God answered the prayer of a football player.
Yeah.
But yet, this people didn't stop that call.
The foxhole, he didn't hear their prayers.
He didn't crap with the prayer.
By the way, you notice that the football players on both teams could be praying to the same God,
but it all depends on which team God's got the bed on.
And he wants to cover this book.
And you know, on TLC, this whole week, I think, at late at night, there's a special about all about evolution.
It's from some from the BBC, I think.
And where we come from the primordial suit, you know, bubbling up from the middle of the earth.
Yeah, and you can smell it, you know.
From the bacteria and all that.
You can smell it.
I think all the God people should watch.
Exactly.
Well, they're full of it.
I can probably relate to it.
Okay.
How do I rate that?
I'll pray for it.
Yeah.
Primordial suit.
And of course, why do you think you really have a movement?
I'm not talking about Beethoven either.
I think it smells like that.
There's all that bacteria in there.
There's all that festering out of Emmett's lunch hour right now, which we're not eating because we had a nice breakfast today from all American subs.
I mean, from, uh, Ayah Lanick City subs.
I mean, from, uh, what is their name again?
I've got a mental block on it.
And that's Ayah Lanick City subs.
That's why I just said I put an A in front of a guy.
Ayah Lanick Coast Morgan guy.
What's his name?
Don't even mention it.
Yeah, he's good buddies with Todd Drakker.
Anyway, five six seven oh five fifty.
Here's a call from St. Mary's Georgia.
Hello.
God, Neil, I miss you.
Oh, God.
Yes, sir.
Uh, how old are you?
How old are you?
Do you mind if she up there this week?
Wonderful.
I tell you what, when you get sick, you get in shot at and run off the road.
You can come up here with us.
Okay.
And I have to fit in real good up there in Georgia.
In Georgia?
Mm-hmm.
Hey, you don't know what he's got up there.
I could hang out with Billy Carter and go pee on the side of building stuff like that.
Is he dead, by the way?
I think Billy Carter's dead.
But anyway.
We're not that far north.
We're almost up here with the jaguars.
All right.
I'd tell you, as bad as that can get.
Mm-hmm.
But it's wonderful being out of South Florida and I don't miss it for a second.
The only thing I do is miss you.
Yeah.
That's what they all say.
Every time somebody leaves their OG, we sure miss Neil.
The rest of it.
We can have it, but we miss him.
Of course, while they're here, though, they don't have anything to say, but nevertheless.
We didn't listen to you for two minutes while we were down there.
Now we can't get enough of you.
Exactly.
All right, man.
I have a good one.
Have a great life, pal.
And say hi to Mary on your way to the bank.
Yeah, Virgin Mary.
She's hanging out there in St. Mary's on a way to a...
What's that place in Joja Athens?
No, not Athens.
It's Connures.
Connures, Joja.
And John Connures up there in Michigan.
He's pretty pissed off that she can't at least get up there to Michigan once in a while.
Because there's a Helen Michigan.
Yeah, I think it tips the Lannies what it is.
By the way, how about that Tommy Brady?
I think you managed, owes me one.
Okay, I told you that this kid not only does he look good, but he's a real stud.
I told you, man.
You owe me.
Well, it's really something.
And this year I'm rooting for Michigan.
God, all my...
It's terrible.
Rooting for Michigan.
I want to play in the Spartans, of course.
But I mean, I have a rooting interest now for Michigan, which never would have happened in a past.
I was squeezing myself when they beat Penn State on Saturday, Michigan.
But of course, you know the way I am.
I'm a sucker for a good-looking young guy like...
I'm looking for whatever it was he said in here.
What the hell did he say about him?
Huh?
Something about...
He has a stud.
There you go.
Well, man, it's...
Sometimes the mad dog's a little slow on the uptake, but...
He has a stud.
There you go.
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQAM, 560, 705, 60,
Palm 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 6345.
Are we alive?
No.
I don't think so.
I think this time is...
You can smell it.
Like you said, I think that you owe away on half-or-one for a lunch primordial soup.
Yeah.
Yeah, he ended up doing a nice thing.
You know, like kind of...
Not in the lukewarm.
Just a little beyond lukewarm.
Simmer for two million years.
Yeah, simmer for 20 million billion years.
And then just stick your nose right in it.
Mmm.
Wow.
That's worse than Josh Friedman.
Yeah, that's worse than Friedman.
Nine.
Yeah, maybe that's what his problem is.
Maybe when he had the staples in there, some of the primordial soup started to...
...deepen out.
We need to get the staples singers to pray for Josh Friedman.
We'll pray for you, Josh.
Probably not at QWAM.
Sports Radio.
Five-six-teens.
QA.
You're being very difficult with me this morning.
You think black marlins don't want so much.
A big black mouth especially a cake chocolate sweet or a thigh.
You don't think black marlins are a charity small.
You then don't have all the rest on anybody.
We need a giant hosting small.
That's what you feel right.
What's wrong with your ass and thighs?
Back them.
What's your ass and thighs?
Roars.
I hope your face and eyes...
...you need something to feel right.
Huh?
Screw it.
You be the big job bank you've got.
I'll smack your head and bruise us your body the way you like.
All right.
Screw it in.
You get my boat your long and strong.
Get your everybody to hooking in no fair if it's wrong.
You got them, you wife.
You just being by side.
It's kind of big reason.
Yes.
You go out and do your job.
You got a big with no big desire.
Go.
Pro 15 at 560 WQAM.
Firm evidence is found for a far away planet.
Oh my god.
It's just...
Like I said, you know what it's not only have we had any believers calling it except that one idiot with his low me $50 from God.
But also the Egypt era crashing that I talked about about the conflicting stories.
Totally diametrically opposed yesterday to the day.
With the same evidence.
Totally opposed right on the front page of the same newspapers.
And what do they got to say about that?
What do they got to say?
Yeah.
And this is what like I said all the technology we got today, all the modern technology.
Same old tired responses.
Oh you don't believe in God because you're a fact.
Oh and my wife made big ziti this weekend.
That's it.
That's the response.
Yeah. That's a good response.
That's a good way to deflect it.
Yeah.
My wife made that pass to make pasta this weekend.
That's a tremendous way to deflect the obvious.
Maybe the Virgin Mary brought it to the house.
I don't know.
Maybe she's into that good crap.
She was attending.
How could she have been attending in Jewish?
There's some Jewish attendants in Rome.
What am I talking about?
56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
8777856345 all over the universe all the way out to 800 and what is it?
59 trillion miles away.
Maybe we'll get a call from out there.
Here's Pember Pines.
Hello.
Pember Pines.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes sir.
First of all, 30 years ago when I studied high school physics, I already had come to the conclusion
that planets everywhere.
No reason that wouldn't be.
The same was a physics that applied to this polyuniversal part of the Earth.
What's the deal?
All right, meanwhile, I'm two thirds of the way through Hitler's Pope.
Have you actually read the book?
No.
Oh my god.
I don't have a copy yet.
I will be happy to give you minus one of them down.
I'll bring you fast flying and drop it all.
Great.
I grew up in that era.
I mean, taught to revere this man.
He had his picture in every classroom in the Catholic schools.
I was very surprised, at least in name, anyway.
Oh my god.
He is personally responsible for over 380,000 people going to Auschwitz.
All right.
Yeah, really.
Most protect his Vatican.
He didn't want it to Vatican city to get scratched.
That's right.
That would have been bad for business.
Oh my god.
It's insane.
Meanwhile, in Catholic times, all he lasted in to my...
But you do remember, just a year or two ago when I had the Earthquakes during the
Middle East and the poor St. Francis of Assisi there, he's all been out of the ship because all
it artworked everything all crumbling, you know.
That's exactly right.
Let's be glad to revenge.
More stuff they lost.
The reason I packed it in, I did the...
So you need your high school.
I literally put out a Catholic religion and a rage and walked out of school and all the things.
I did the one thing you are not allowed to do in religion, you know what that is?
I'm sure you know.
Clutching it.
Oh, I asked question.
Oh my god.
You were asking question?
I didn't think you were asking about the little bit Bible trash, which made no sense.
I was asking, what I thought were intelligent questions, you know, student of science now.
No, you know what you're doing?
You're a troublemaker, sure.
You're not supposed to ask.
You make a...
Don't be a troublemaker, man.
You're cracking me up.
I was just not to say that to you.
That's right.
What they did in you is they called my parents at their respective...
You're not as intelligent as they were.
You're not as intelligent as they were.
I was a troublemaker.
Exactly correct.
No, you got it on the head.
And that's when I quit.
I just wrought out of there on a rage.
And you know something, I'm a decent person.
I don't need religion.
I tell me what to do.
I don't know.
And as far as I'm concerned in closing, if anybody really believes that crap,
just watch channel 45 or a while.
There you go.
Just watch that bad makeup job.
Oh my god.
The guy who pushes people over makes them fall back.
Right, yeah, right.
Benny Hen, Benny Hanuk.
Right.
Anyway, the whole thing is, you know,
and you can live your life without it.
You really don't need it.
It is a crux.
Jesse said it all.
And by the way, in closing, Jesse, forget the presidency, I think he should be King.
There you go.
Okay.
I have a big guy.
He can be King, I'll be Queen.
Not his though.
56670560, pop 560 on the AT&T line at the America Line.
That's it, and they're dead as a door nail.
Oh my god, they got the answers to the creation of the whole universe here today.
And nobody wants to talk to it from anywhere.
877785 Neil.
I really feel sorry for myself.
You thought I was going to say for somebody else, didn't you?
I feel sorry for me.
Because like I said, for the same money, I consider every day and say these things
and really get a response.
But I'll take the money, thank you.
Here's a pompano.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
At what stage of your life did you realize you were fudge packing?
There's a good response for you.
I don't fudge pack either, by the way.
In or out.
How about you sir?
My head of a sexual friend.
See, that's always that's all a response that they can make.
It's another attack.
Bag it, bag it, my decont, yeah.
And what's the point?
So what was that?
Got to do the price of rice.
So was Michelangelo.
That's why he spent all this time up on the ceiling.
It was dangerous down there on the floor.
He didn't need a ladder either, by the way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Neil.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5.
See they get very angry, they get upset.
Instead of having a rational conversation,
because they can't defend the fairy tales, especially after I read a page or two
with a nonsense that silly childish crap, they can't defend it.
So attack me.
That's it.
To you, pal.
Pack this.
Oh, I do love fudge.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
First off, Billy Carter died in 1983 of liver disease.
Oh yeah, I wonder why.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But he didn't use to pee up his storm outside.
On the runway.
He was like my dogs.
He used to at least pee outside most of the time.
That's where I got you.
Couldn't figure out why his daughter was religious.
Did she start driving herself to church?
Who indoctrinated her to the whole world?
I don't know.
I didn't want to go in the whole life story.
But I never knew.
No, he said he gave her a choice and she did her thing.
Well, maybe they'll have to be close by the church.
Right.
If all the kids were not getting into religion until they were 18 or 21,
there would be no more religion.
You got to get them while they're young.
That's what Hitler said.
I'm out of control now.
I'm very old now.
Okay, thank you.
That's what Hitler and the Pope said.
Of course, they had a lot in common.
As we now know, which of course we always knew.
I'm not going to go into the rest of the country.
You have to be on the air around the rest of the country.
Not on the internet somewhere where people try to get you
A or L without getting cut off.
And I'm pleased.
No more computer nerd talk that was like the end of my life there yesterday.
Oh god.
No wonder I hate computer nerd so much.
But it was a good example of what I'm talking about again today.
Talk to a whole bunch of different assholes and they'll give you a different story.
Not any two of them tell you the same thing.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's down with the Church of Jazz over here?
It's got time.
The Church of Jazz in the K?
Church of Jazz.
And I just like to say.
What is that?
It's not a private private sector.
Private private sector.
What does that mean?
Well, we try to encourage our pupils not to really say much attention to your show
if we don't tell them not to listen.
What is the Church of Jazz?
What is this double talk you give me, sir?
I'll as I can tell you.
Yeah, okay.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18th team.
By the way, all your students are listening right now.
How you doing, guys?
Let's do Miami B.
Yes, sir.
We're completely allowed to use service in Miami.
Good.
Okay, we'll call up 9-1-1.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 18th team wireless line.
877-785-0.
Even in Palm Beach, they ain't calling on it lined up.
Even in Fort Myers.
We had a couple of calls in Naples.
All of a sudden we're getting too many calls from Naples.
A few too many.
What do we, that station signal really goes?
Do they have a signal over there in Fort?
No, probably not.
Probably a saving energy today.
Plus, they don't want this anti-religient talk out over there in Fort Myers today.
They probably shut the damn thing up.
They probably put that preacher back on again.
Here's a mobile and pepper pine, tell them.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God.
Speaking.
Okay, there's only two guys I know of.
You happen to be one.
The other one would be Damirino.
And I guess I was raised to Southern Baptist,
but it was never pushed on me.
I was never forced to go to church.
They never pushed on me.
We won a couple of times when I was a kid on Easter and stuff like that.
Yeah.
And now I have my kids.
Did you put the rigdiness thing on your forehead or not?
I guess not.
No, no, no.
We weren't Catholic.
I said my kids to a Christian school.
And because the public schools are just forget about it.
My kids get a great education.
The only part I don't like about it is the religion.
That's all a bunch of crap, that's all.
It's just so happy.
The stuff that he had, that he brings home.
Have he do it?
Have to read and memorize.
And it's like, you know, he's in second grade.
And he's trying to learn reading, writing, and arithmetic.
And then he's got all this religion right on top of it.
You know, and it's, I hate trying to force it on him.
And I'm not trying to force it on him.
But I just want him to get a good education.
And he's not going to get it in a public school.
Pretty sad.
It's very sad.
But anyway, all those people that are believing those fairy tales believe me.
It was true.
You know it.
Because there's a lot of people praying to God and they're dying just like everybody else.
He just got a hearing problem.
He says, yeah, when you get that old, I guess, so your hearing gets weak.
Yeah.
What was that?
I'm going to have a great day.
25 pass noon at 560 WQM, 560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T line.
877, 785, Neil.
Line 9.
Everybody else is doing okay today.
Line 9.
Not that really makes any difference.
But I hate to see that thing go to waste when I screamed in the elevator so much.
And I'm praying to keep that bill away up there for them.
These cheap bastards.
I'll tell you one thing.
If there is a hell, I know who's going to be down there.
Okay.
The one of these reason, Greg Reed.
They're going to be burning in there.
But certain other people in the building, I don't want to mention no names.
You know what I'm talking about?
There'll be some people in this building burning in hell.
I don't want to mention no names, you know.
Make no mistake about that.
Oh, wouldn't that be my luck, huh?
Wake up.
And there she is.
26 pass noon at 560 WQM.
Wake up with the first team.
No.
Go roll.
Jeff DeFarris.
And Steve Goldstein.
We need morning to take.
No, only on sports radio 560 QA have.
It was a war.
Not as pedophile.
Tencent nineteen ninety seven.
Tencent nineteen ninety eight.
Tencent nineteen ninety eight.
Flars four two.
Tencent.
The year 2000.
You want fries with that?
Ha ha ha ha.
That's ridiculous.
Yeah.
Okay, 1230 at 560 WQM.
Why do they have to put that thing on the end?
It was so good up until that.
They could have put something more entertaining like.
So anyway, this came out with the facts.
A couple of parts of this are old and moldy, but it's kind of cute.
A new priest of this first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak.
After mass, he asked him on senior how he had done.
He replied, well, I'm worried about getting nervous on the pulpit.
I put a glass of vodka next to the glass of water.
If I start to get nervous, I take a sip.
So next Sunday he took him on senior's advice.
At the beginning of the ceremony, he got nervous and took a drink.
He proceeded to talk up a storm.
Upon his return to the office after mass, he found the following note on the door.
One, sip the vodka, don't gulp.
Two, there are ten commandments, not twelve.
Three, there are twelve disciples, not ten.
Four, Jesus was consecrated, not constipated.
Five, Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass.
Six, we did not refer to Jesus Christ as the late JC.
That's all.
Seven, the father, seven holy ghost, did not refer to as the daddy, junior and the spook.
Eighth, David's little guy, if he did not kick the SH Adam.
Nine, when David was hit by a rock and knocked off his donkey,
don't say he was stoned off his ass.
Ten, we did not refer to the cross as the big T.
Eleven, when Jesus broke credit the last supper, he said,
take, take, eat it for it is my body.
He did not say, eat me.
Twelve, the Virgin Mary is not called Mary with the cherry.
Thirteen, the recommended grace before the meal is not,
rub a dub dub thanks for the grub, ye God.
And fourteen, next Sunday there will be a taffy pulling contest at St. Peter's,
not a Peter pulling contest at St. Taffy's.
All right, there you go.
A couple new ones in there.
Yeah, a couple new ones in there.
Crawl thirty, two at five sixty, five sixty, seven, oh five sixty,
pound five sixty, here's a mobile, informer is hello.
Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Very good. I don't know if you've probably talked about,
I was, I was, I was out of town yesterday,
if you spoke about that dog in the yet.
Yeah, I mentioned it yesterday, I haven't seen it.
It's, let's see, have you seen any of Kevin Smith's other movies?
No.
Okay, well, I think you enjoyed it kind of,
folks from religion and, uh, uh, not too bad.
Uh-huh.
Get out and see it.
Okay. Thanks.
Thanks.
Mr. Price, I'll let him show, uh, I'm, I should ask him if he actually saw it before,
Myers, you think they're showing it over there?
No.
Probably had to go out of town to see it.
Maybe there's a big city like Newbie Venice.
Here's plantation, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, uh, Christians have, uh, no answers for a Neanderthal man,
or the dinosaurs in Noah's Ark.
If you watch the Discovery Channel,
they show you how evolution with Neanderthal man,
homework erectus and things like that.
Home-moir erectus?
Home-moir erectus.
Yes, funny, it was up to, it was up to a cartoon and plantation,
has, when Neanderthal man went home-moir erectus
and Neanderthal man's bending over, it was pretty funny.
But the thing about, oh my God.
Both of the dinosaurs, Christians have no answers for dinosaurs.
If all the animals run in the Ark, there should be dinosaurs walking around.
And the thing you're really, what?
What about the Barney?
About Genesis?
The Bible says the Earth was made before the Sun.
I mean, the Earth revolves around the Sun.
That's impossible.
Mm-hmm.
It says all non-
What do you mean it's impossible?
No, no, I'm saying no.
And first of all, stop and think about this.
Talk about a sexist piece of crap written by men.
Man, God created man, okay?
How did he make woman out of a rib?
Yeah, you know which we think you.
Out of man's rib.
In other words, you created man like all out of nothing.
Yes, spontaneously.
And all of a sudden, well, he's lonely.
We'll have to have a woman.
So out of his rib.
In other words, like an afterthought, like an appendage.
Like an appendage.
Right.
And he also knows the future.
He knew they were going to eat the apple before he came in.
He knows it all, man.
That's right.
Because he's a sadistic bastard.
Have a great day, Pike.
And I'll take you.
Any woman today, by the way?
No.
No, she wouldn't want to touch this,
because they're the ones that sent all the money to Jim Baker and the Tammy Fae and Paul Crotch.
And all those other people would have bad makeup.
And Vennihana.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yep.
You women out there.
God didn't think too much of you guys.
Not at all.
Just like an afterthought.
You know, you've got to have somebody to scroll around with.
So, you know, we'll grab each in there and grab a rib.
I don't understand that.
He created all the seat creatures.
He created all the life.
He didn't have to do that out of anybody's rib.
Out of a hit bone.
A shin bone.
All that other good stuff.
Yeah.
But women, you know, women were like kind of...
Eeeh!
Kind of icky, you know.
Ridiculous.
I mean, just the writings of juvenile silly people.
Oh, and the book says there's a book.
Yeah, you don't even read the book.
If you read the book, I'll tell you one thing.
You want to get a few good laughs.
Read the God damn book.
Eeeh!
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
It is him.
Yes, sir.
I used to go to church read before my son was born constantly over a weekend.
And once he was born, I go to the church and ask him to get baptized my son.
Once they found out that I wasn't a pain member.
They literally told me, well, first thing is you don't live in our area.
You're out.
So we can't baptize your son.
So you need to find your area and become a pain member in order for us to baptize your son.
So give him the buff on Google.
Yeah.
So basically, I mean, I thought I wanted to search.
And the good thing is, I was thought, no, I was free.
Supposedly, you're supposed to be free and for everybody.
But now it's a church tell you.
But no, it's only the best things in life that are free.
Religion costs you.
Yeah, definitely.
And that's about all I have to say.
Okay, good luck, you pal.
560-7, we got 60 or 70 open lines here.
All of a sudden, 560-7, 05-60, 05-60, 05-60.
And this whole discussion started with this story on the front page of the paper today,
with nobody's got anything to say about.
From evidence is found for a far away planet, 859-1153 light years away from Earth.
Six times the size of Jupiter.
All those suns up there, all those stars,
their suns with their own solar systems are really most of them.
Planets revolving around them.
Big ones, small ones.
Live ones, dead ones.
Where do those come from?
Where do they come from?
Is there anybody mentioned in the Bible?
No.
You see, they're terror.
I think I would just be amazing.
Who knows if they've been found alive on the moon or on Mars?
Who knows?
Because I have a feeling that if they do, we'll be the last ones to know.
Because it would be bad for business.
Real bad.
Who killed JFK?
Do we know?
No.
Who killed Bobby Kennedy?
Do we know?
Martin Luther Coon?
No.
Talk Robin?
No.
Abe Lincoln?
No.
Our only Jewish president Abe Lincoln, did anybody know who really killed him?
No.
No, not for sure.
But he enjoyed the play.
Here's West Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I hate to change the subject.
I'm retired and I've never called.
But what do you mean, hate to change the subject?
Well, what does that mean?
Three weeks ago, I got chosen by Arbatron.
And I'm on Arbatron.
Can I talk to you?
I have to talk to you.
I can't talk to you about the Arbatron now.
We do love you very much.
Well, anyhow, for three weeks, I got four letters and at least six phone calls on how to do this.
Every which way you can think of it.
And every letter and every phone call said, look, we're going to take care of you.
We appreciate you doing this.
I don't know.
$10.
And you're going to get it.
So I finally got my book in a $1 bill for that.
$1.
Yeah.
I thought that was that.
I don't spend all in one place.
And any idiot could fill this thing out.
I don't know what all these six phone calls are.
Well, they've got to have something to do just to find the resistance.
But, anyhow, I thought the $1 was real.
Well, like I said, we love you profusely, sir, and pray for us, please.
Well, I would also like you to know that I feel so much better that I know that my marriage with sexiest marriage.
And you know, it makes me feel proud.
Have a great day, pal.
There you go.
$5.6705.60 on the AT&T line.
He's the sexiest man in town.
You know, when you really come right down to it, like I was saying the other day,
this is such an ugly place, you know?
In fact, even lately, at the hockey games I've been noticing.
In the last year at the Macarena, there were those games.
When, hey, look around.
Hey, look at that.
No matter what you're looking for, wow.
Which here is how to beat most of those games.
But now, you look around and, you know, out of like six to eight,
16,000 people are for the Buffalo games.
I'd say there were like, you know, three people in there that might look at a second time.
Of any, and I'm not sure what they were actually.
But pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
There's just something about this place.
Maybe it's in the goddamn water, huh?
That could be it.
22 before 1 at 5.60 WQM.
Dolphins football sports radio.
5.60.
Q.A.
And...
I'm sorry, sir.
Get the lubricated for the new millennium.
Get Y2, K.Y.
Jelly.
The personal lubricant for home.
The car, the boat, or the office.
Lover caper appliances.
Fikes the lawn mower.
The chain saw.
Grandma's wheelchair.
I'm falling to be begun.
The bow and arrow.
The white car or the cap.
Y2, K.Y. Jelly.
Available at Y2, Cameron.
17 to 1 at 5.60.
And if there isn't a God, how come old people smell like that?
5.60, 7.05, 60.
The auto-towel, I don't give it.
They don't like to everybody else's time.
Okay, it's history.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hello.
How about in the beginning it was God.
And in the beginning it was the word.
How about in the beginning it was the brain.
And then start thinking about it.
Yes.
Rather than propounding all this to P.D.P.
propounding somebody's road.
Pounding this.
Books.
And how many words.
Right.
Just get a brain.
Okay, get a brain.
I could have said it better myself.
Okay, thank you, sir.
I'll pray for you, too.
Heathen, Kami Pinkle.
Get a brain is what he said.
Get a brain.
Get a life.
Get a brain.
Five, oh and by the way, speak to get a brain.
I'm so sick and tired of these God damn professional.
I may have got 80 million other things, but I'm so obsessed.
And the audience obviously isn't, but I don't care.
I don't care.
I just don't care.
Because I think it's tremendously important.
I mean, you know, it's science.
It's like the truth.
Not about your fairy tales.
What is that thing about the smoking bitch?
I am so sick and tired of these militants.
You see, I hate to break the news to you people, but on the side of the pack of cigarettes for like the last 20 years, maybe 30 years now, it's got like a skull and crossbone.
And it says this is gonna kid you.
And if you smoke it, you know, tough crap.
Everybody's suing everybody else.
Did I lose that goddamn thing?
I got to hear somewhere in the middle of this pile of crap.
So here it is.
Twin, big tobacco hooked sister.
The twin sister of a highly publicized smoking mine is landmark tobacco trial, a huge industry Monday of knowingly hooking Mary Farnan on cigarettes and causing her loss.
Long cancer.
It's your products that put her in a hospital as far as I'm concerned.
A testy Celeste even 44 told RJ Reynolds attorney Jim Johnson on cross examination and that addiction.
Well, guess what, sweetheart?
I'm addicted to sugar too.
And it's giving me diabetes and I'm fat and high blood pressure and all of these things. Am I suing anybody?
Oh, good idea though.
Good the name of her attorney.
Now seriously, this is another part of what's sick with America.
And part of this business about nobody taking responsibility for their own actions, their own weaknesses, their own behavior.
Nobody wants to take responsibility for whether it's killing somebody else or smoking on those faggot.
Is this new news? Is this something new that cigarettes are going to give you?
How many years ago did Humphrey Boge, how many years ago did he die with a faggot on his lips?
There's nothing new here.
You pick your own poisons.
You eat a lot of the wrong foods. It's going to kill you.
You smoke too many cigarettes. It's going to kill you.
You go and breathe too much of the wrong air. It's going to kill you. You drink some of the real bad water. It's going to kill you.
So the bottom line is, someday you're going to die.
By the way, though, I have good news. I should have brought this up earlier. They'd like this. They'd like furry. They'd like false hope.
Because they're terrified of death.
I don't know. How can anybody be terrified of death and then they live here? You know? I don't understand it.
I mean, you're in the heart of it. You're in the cradle of death. Can't you smell it? Oh my god.
Live to be 125 years old. I received this on the fax machine this morning.
Yeah. I took one look at this and I thought.
The Chicago based nonprofit organization, the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine.
A4M.
What is that? I mean, A4.
I reported today that it's not possible for many women born in the 1950s to expect to live to the ripe old age of 125 years.
Oh, right. There you go.
A4M was founded by Dr. Ronald Klatz in 1993. The Society's membership includes over 7,500 forward-looking physicians,
scientists and researchers from around the world, as opposed to backward-looking, which most of them are.
They're all dedicated to belief that the process of physical aging in humans can be slowed, stop their even reversed or existing medical and scientific interventions.
A4M can clearly demonstrate through the advances in medicine, medical technologies, vascular biology,
and the mechanics of gene therapy that the average man or woman, if given the opportunity to take advantage of this existing science, could easily expect to see
their 125th birthday and still be in reasonably good health to enjoy it.
You like that?
Uh-huh.
44-year-old Ron Klatz, MD, president of A4M, is often expected to easily be seen as on 125th birthday, stated it's not just about taking vitamins.
If you look back over the past 60 years, when life expectancy was hardly more than 50 years of age, no one had any idea what makes such provide advances in clinical treatments and medicine.
There was a time not too long ago when your heart stopped, all that doctors could do was watch you die.
Thanks to the intervention of the defibrillator, people are brought back to life nearly every minute of every day.
Just look at this town.
Oi!
We got people that have been dead for years, they're still walking around and driving.
He went on to say future advances will come exponentially.
Statistically, Centurions are now the fastest growing 7 of the U.S. population, and it's demonstrated that this is a result of clinical science that's just a swing in population growth.
They're not just swinging it.
Let's have a swing club roll far.
Oh!
Quoting position member A4M, our caddy, some some horrible named Colton, MD, living forever gets a bad rap from those not convinced that it's possible.
The reality is most people are not comfortable when they see older Americans in nursing homes with drool on their chin.
With drool on their chin.
Eeeh!
But it comes to life, most people are more afraid of getting old and sickly than they are of dying.
Is that correct?
You're murking an academy of anti-aging medicine is dedicated to the goal of disseminating information allowing individuals to make more informed choices and have a better understanding of what is currently available in the field of science that can extend your life expectancy.
I think this must be kind of that wishful thinking foundation.
Once you think they're probably like related, yeah.
Like that life extension foundation in Hollywood.
You know those that crowd?
Oh my god.
There's guys in that thing, they're like 35, look worse than grandpa in the country times spot.
They look 120.
So maybe that's why they think they're going to look 125.
They only make it to like 45, but they think they're 125 because they look like that.
God, you look like 100.
So there you go boys and girls, 125.
No sweat.
Here's a mobile and coral spring.
Hello?
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
God's listening to you.
Yeah.
He's hired somebody to sky-write.
God equals love and smiley face in the sky over coral spring, right as we speak.
All right.
Thought it was the funniest damn thing I ever saw.
Excellent.
You're talking about this.
I look out and here comes GOD across this guy.
All right.
Here you go.
I'm going to go lie ahead.
Leave it to.
No sir.
Thank you.
Leave it to me to put God right in front of your post.
567-0560, pound 560 on the 8th.
That's the response.
We're fine and planet.
There's little green men running around on there.
Midgets, big gigantic heela monsters.
All kinds of crap running around on his big gigantic planet out there.
859 trillion miles away and they'll be here.
It might take them a while but they'll be here someday.
And if you live to 125, you might just see it.
Won't you?
No.
No.
Sounds pretty good to me.
So by the way, if you live to 125, 57, 43, 20, 68, I'm just signing a new 50-year contract.
Oh!
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
Good afternoon Mr. Rogers.
Yes sir.
I have a question for you about the Egypt air tragedy.
Yes.
It was an Egyptian air liner over international waters.
Why are our tax dollars paying for the investigation?
Is that what you're worried about?
I'm not worried about it but it's another waste by our government.
Okay, thanks.
See what I mean?
He's worried about the fact that our government is spending money for the investigation of the air liner.
I have no idea but I'm sure there must be international agreements about how that works.
What are some of the Americans on the planet?
There's many.
And Canadians.
And Canadians too.
Well he doesn't care about that.
He just don't want to spend the money.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line, the 870 out of town line.
We're going to forget about that.
Thanks anybody Greg.
It's a piece of crap.
Here's the mobile in the Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Oh, alright.
Got it from Stagg.
I saw, I didn't see the article in the paper but I'm on TV yet about the planet.
Yeah.
But on PBS the last couple nights they've been running a show about life in the universe.
I forget what it's called but they were talking about that planet.
Now they just discovered a planet around the sun that's the right distance for the life and everything.
And they were talking about all the people are saying men are more and communicating with them.
They were talking about everything so far away that by the time another civilization is smart enough to take up our signal,
we might be extinct.
We might be extinct based on what?
Based on the way they're going to come down to the White Sea Ward.
No, no. It's basically only last so long.
Of course the mankind will become extinct.
There's no question about that.
No, that's a given. There's no question about that.
Right. It was, of course, also debunks the Bible because the Bible doesn't say anything about what's going to happen after that.
Right. Well, what they're saying is if we send out signals it might take a million years,
but that pick it up and we'll be gone and we won't know if they pick it up or they might be...
Then why should we worry about that then?
I mean what's the point?
Is it never going to be silly?
Well, they also said that we never send out signals for fear of superior alien race coming and finding out the White Sea.
I'm sending out a signal.
You can hear the **** out there, 859 trillion miles away.
Here's the number to call. I'm giving it a shot.
Yeah, but this show, these people with religion, they're so far, I don't know.
They're not gone. You're right. Their mind is gone. It's turned to Jello. It's turned to Ready Whip and their brain is gone.
It's history. They have no control of their own thought process.
The best case though is my sister-in-law who is die hard in the religion.
And I said they're telling her they're...
They're telling her they're dying hard.
There's no God in this man.
We're talking about you four things.
But I'm doing fine. My wife's fine.
And she's been in jail twice.
There you go. Three ad three times.
But I'm the poor thing.
I'm the poor thing who doesn't believe in God.
Well, I'll pray for you, pal. Have a great day.
Why don't tobacco plaintiffs take responsibility here from the Harold Saturday speak up?
Somebody factored me a letter from Dean Wagon in Miami.
The headline over the picture of the tobacco plaintiff giving the thumbs up in the July 8th,
Harold easily could have read New Lottery winners.
Taking responsibility for one's choices is not existent in this country.
People just sue and the bigger the target, the better.
Nice going, Dean in Miami.
In all the years the tobacco plaintiff smoked,
did they ever think it was good for their healthy acts?
I think not.
People who smoke know the risks to claim otherwise is ludicrous.
For some, the pleasure of smoking isn't accepted health risk.
Just the sky diving, drinking alcohol, eating fatty foods, or crossing a straight.
People suing big blank, filling the name, whoever it is, big tobacco, big whatever.
Should be ashamed of their lack of responsibility.
But then big industry is the new cash cow,
and suing it for self-inflicted injury has been legitimized by greed and big law.
What next? The class action suit against big butter for clogging the arteries of Americans?
How about big sugar for crossing diabetes and riding the teeth of the public,
which I just said only minutes ago.
Just go and Dean Magnen in Miami. What time is your show on?
He says Americans could use a refresher course on living from Europeans
where the quality of life, however personally defined, outweighs the quantity of life.
Oh my god, how do you like this? This is one of the great...
Thank you whoever facts this to me, by the way.
If one is unwilling to accept the health risk of smoking, drinking alcohol, eating fatty foods,
and sweets, driving a car, and other potentially dangerous activities, then simply don't partake.
Otherwise accept the risk like an adult, and please stop whining.
Oh, let's have a sitting ovation for Dean Magnen in Miami.
I'm saving this letter. I'm putting this right up on a guy named Bulletin Board back here.
Americans could use a refresher course on living from Europeans where the quality of life,
however personally defined, outweighs the quantity of life.
Oh god, this is good.
Makes me just ache for the moment that my foot steps off that plane in the skip-hole airport.
Makes me just diein' for it.
God bless Dean Magnen in Miami.
What if we're in Magnen, 357 Magnen in Miami. What if we're in God damn name this?
It's a bad fact.
Wow.
It goes to show you once in a while when you least expect it.
Somebody with a brain actually writes a letter to the editor that makes sense.
Just like the Michael Mayo piece, it sounds like it came right from this show.
You know what I'm saying?
Thank you Dean.
Wow.
Four minutes before 1 at 560 WQAM.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio 560 QA.
And WQAM, my name is Audrey Dale.
It's a lot of tips to the lower.
Living in Miami can be very crafty.
With no content to the old.
Politicians pressure the boat half a sea.
It don't matter to me, I don't care.
I don't care.
Outside of school, it's end-to-end.
Just think.
That's what I just wanted.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Whatever happens to all the footage please do have.
Nobody gives a crap.
I don't care.
And it's a stroll by the map.
It's the land of the great dead.
So I prefer to slash my balls instead.
I don't care.
Mama, mama, that's four.
I don't care.
Two minutes after 1 at 560 WQAM we got tank over.
Showed from cool.
We got the booster with six and the gambling show at 10 o'clock tonight.
From evidences found.
560, 560, 560.
It's 1 o'clock.
It's now our fourth and final hour of the day.
If we had one call from any believer that can attack me,
that can explain this to us.
We'll listen.
One of these other planets doing out there.
What's all this crap going on way out there
of billions and trillions of miles away?
And how come it doesn't say anything about it in the good book?
That's all.
These are very legitimate simple questions.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
So where's the answers?
Just like that guy said before, don't make trouble.
Don't ask questions.
Sorry.
Here's Pember Pines.
Hello.
Pember Pines.
Come on.
Okay, let's try Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I want to discuss the religious debate.
Religious debate?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
What is the obsession with trying to tear down the whole Catholic church?
Catholic church, is that the only religion?
Well, I'm just saying this Christianity in general.
What about Judaism?
The guy in the middle of you saying anything about you?
Well, sir, you're ridiculous.
The book I just read from was the book of Genesis,
which is the first book.
The five books of Moses.
It's from the Old Testament.
That's the Jewish religion.
And you never hear me talking about the House of the West,
how see them throwing rocks at the women who are praying at the wailing wall?
But this is a constant barrage, though.
It's day after day.
It's not day after day.
No, it is not day after day.
And I'm talking about religion day after day.
It has a rabbi ever raped a child or anything like that.
Yes.
Why do we never...
How often do we talk about religion?
How often do you think that happens?
Surely, you see, I hate to break the news to you, sir.
But most rabbis are married.
Right.
But they keep it within the children.
Most of them are married.
Most rabbis are married.
Most ministers are married, too.
But priests, of course, in the Catholic Church aren't permitted to marry.
They're supposed to be celibate.
The idea being that sex is somehow unclean or evil.
And therefore, if they're celibate, they're holy with everybody.
I agree.
Of course, it's ludicrous.
It's unnatural, it's unacceptable, and it doesn't happen.
But at the same time, why do you, as a Jewish person,
would sit there and constantly...
I'm not Jewish.
I'm Jewish by birth.
I don't believe in the Jewish religion.
But it doesn't make what kind of deli I eat.
But why can't you let everybody else have freedom?
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
You can't let everybody else have freedom.
How about the Communist Party?
I'm not a member of that.
Should I say it's their great?
Right.
But the Catholic Church has done a lot of good for a lot of people.
I asked you a question.
Why are you so defensive about it if you're not a member of it?
I'm not defensive.
How about the Crusades?
Did that do a lot of good for a lot of people?
It was a lot of good for a lot of people.
How about the Spanish it was this?
It wasn't ignorance.
It was murder.
It was slaughter of innocent men and women and little children.
Agreed.
And that's happened throughout the fighting.
It's continuing to happen today.
Then why are you so upset that nobody talking about it?
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
I'm not upset that nobody talking about it.
But religion itself is an institution that shouldn't be said there.
And you should allow people to think what they want to think.
No, no, no, that's not the purpose of the program.
The purpose of the program is to express my opinion.
Not to let people just sit back and go to the borderline brainwashing when it's a constant problem.
It's definitely a line of anything.
I'm expressing my opinion if you want to believe it's fine.
It's not that so.
And I'm asking people who believe differently just like you.
To call on express there.
And you're not telling me anything.
All you're doing again is criticizing me.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
I'm telling you what I should say.
Thank God.
They're not encouraging their people to overpopulate the world like the Catholic Church.
Oh, there he goes again.
Maybe they should get on some lifeboard.
And they're not advertising.
And they're not advertising.
Live and let live, baby.
That's where it's at.
You can be as Jewish as I am without finding any of the religious bull crap.
How do you like that, sir?
But he wants to hear more attacks on Judaism when making him happy.
The answer is no.
Only the Orthodox.
Only the people who are intolerant and grotesque and smell bad.
With the piercing and the long and the coats.
See, now is a good time to bring out the, get the payah school and the long coats in the hats.
Because it's going to start cooling off a little bit.
Especially in Brooklyn where the Orthodox and the Alessar would go to the box of busy hating each other like poison.
And the Orthodox are throwing bricks through their windows.
Because they're driving on Saturday on Chavez.
Oh, but I never hear you say it in the eyes say it all the time.
Sir, just not enough to make you happy.
But I read the papers every day.
If there were ever stories on the air about rabbis who were convicted of sub rape, whatever it is,
it sent them to me.
I'll read them on the air.
You would have that thing about the Hasidic drug ring.
That's right.
But you know something?
Day after day after day.
I don't write your newspaper, sir.
I don't make these things up.
They just pop up on Associated Press, UPI, Reuters, Harold, New York papers, every paper in the world.
There they are.
There's no fact in the church.
So, again, you want to blame me for creating a situation.
That's a goddamn closet.
And believe me, I know all about homos, man.
Takes one to no one.
I know all about that.
It's a closet.
For pedophiles.
And other homos.
That's what the Catholic, that's what the priest is all about.
And talk about hypocrisy.
I know that if I'm like your ordinary heterosexual guy, I'm going to go to some fag and get advice from him about my sex life and about my married life.
Yes.
From some Queen.
There's no fact in the church?
Who's sitting there thumping on the other side of the goddamn confessional booth?
Well, he's listening to the 16-year-old, the 10-year-old,
and there were stories of, you know, did he touch it and was it good and, uh, et cetera.
How often?
And how, of course, how often?
And don't forget.
It is so hard.
How hard?
10 past 1 is 560 W to QA.
Hi, this is Bill Zimper.
Go to www.qam.com for all the latest dolphins information in your cancer.
We great prizes.
Plank Eat the Broad Cancer.
4th Radio 560 W to QA.
New God.
Here you go, Falcon.
Here you go, Falcon.
And watching all the two swan flies.
Oh!
Watching all the two swan feet through the ball before they die.
Oh!
There is no way it's coming to life where free brand must fit.
One can be in the floor, and we certify it.
So let's go see the ball and go watching all the Jews watching all the Jews watching all the Jews.
One, two, three.
Now this guy's like the CRTC, the Canadian Radio and TV.
They're counterpart of the FCC and the control how much Canadian content is going to be like on the music stations and the other programs.
So this guy, he's got a control the amount of religious content.
Who can kneel back? It's got to be like 30% this one and 20% that one and 5% the Catholic Church.
Hold your breath, pal.
And look what's just happening. We had like every line of the board lit up when we went into the break and all of a sudden, not too widely motivated, I guess.
56670560, no waiting, lots of open lines now. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hey, Pally.
Yes, sir. All right. Two things. Number one, Governor Bush was over in Israel and all three deed is a picture of him.
I could swear to God had too much months. He looks constipated.
Pally. Good. Good for him.
Sir, come right.
He also is looking for the burning bush.
Yeah. Listen, this Pokey man thing, I got little kids.
I've been to several of these Burger King steakhouses around here. They're out of the toys.
My kids are freaking out.
I come home. My wife has said, what's going on?
I came and have sex at night because the kids are freaking out.
Well, go buy them a cabbage patch. They'll all come to grow up.
Oh, well, there you go. Okay.
He's worried about the Pokey man, the Pokey man, 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in the West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
How you doing? Okay.
Did you see the episode last week on Dateline or something about that your whole of witnesses?
No. You know what they believe in?
Do I know what they believe in?
Well, I mean, the woman got hit by a car. I was drunk.
Right. And he was now on probation. She should have been driving.
No transfusions. I mean, she died.
I went to school. I went to high school with the girl.
She was a joe who was witness.
And the father had some kind of like whatever was.
And he died.
Yeah. Then I mean, I'm very like, you know, like a head cold or something.
And they sit there and they get the nerve to say, well, I miss her and what blah blah blah.
And they want this guy to go on trial for murder when he couldn't save my children.
And not only that, but they do, you know, they do this stuff to their kids.
And it's parental child abuse.
I know.
They're all in people that are sticking out of us.
Jewish people just tell them kosher me, it's hard to beat.
Tell them, coxal hoist.
Yeah.
And back to it.
Yeah. Quit picking on a Jews. All right.
Okay. We've been picked out enough.
And now it's your turn.
You don't like it. Do you pal?
Uh-huh.
How you do?
He likes it.
In addition to which I thought that guy was saying he, you notice how they all say,
well, I'm not this and I'm not that.
But, but quit picking on us.
I mean quit picking on them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
877-785-6345 on our World Line, which is a pretty mediocre today.
This is the weakest day we've had on that thing.
Probably because they don't want to deal with this.
Too bad. I do.
I do what I will.
Just like 98 degrees says, I do.
And I will.
When I'm good and ready.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm Jewish, my birth.
I was born and raised in Israel.
And I got to tell you that I really...
Oh!
It's the biggest bunch of crap that I ever encountered.
That's exactly the...
That's exactly the grew up there.
It's a big, big, do-treat-in-forced in Israel.
And every religion is the bunch of cowardly people that don't have any explanation and just run away.
The same thing that I read the most.
The only way to do it today is not one person today in four hours.
It's had one answer about this, about the thing brought up, about the planet that they found, and the exorcism.
Now one person can explain it, has any ideas about it.
Just don't confuse us with this because it flies in the face of all the fairy tales that we've been brainwashed with.
And you're confusing us and we're getting very upset about it.
They wouldn't, and I'll tell you why.
I just heard a book about the Greeks.
And one of the Greek people said long, long time ago, a genius was the man who created God from his heart.
The Greek knew it longer before we did, that religion was a bunch of crap.
Of course.
And I don't know. They wouldn't call it their afraid because they don't have any rational explanation.
No, they only want to call the ones who want to attack me or tell me how can I ask them, how come I'm talking so much about this.
And why don't they just respond to what I asked them to this article?
And then I'll put it here.
I didn't make up the story. I didn't even discover this planet. It's right on the front page of the guy named Harold. It must be true.
It's not on the front page of the guy named Harold. It must be true.
No. Well, they're afraid they're terrified. It's not in there.
But go on and get the Harold. It's worth a 35 cents.
And then you have that guy calling you and telling you you should talk about 40 percent Jews.
And then you don't need to quit.
He's now 10 percent Mormons, 5 percent Christian scientists, 2 percent Scientologists.
Well, a bunch of crap.
I don't know. I just came here. I've been listening to you, Neil, and you're right on the money all the time.
That's what I was saying.
That's what I was saying.
As Confucius said, a hubby-minsuer. It had a great day.
Five, six, and we got 15. What happened here all of a sudden?
Right before that break, something exciting must be going on somewhere. Is it Jim Rohn?
No. No. Is it the two live Jews?
No. What is it? Is somebody getting killed again here in town?
No.
Must be something going on. All of a sudden they just vanished.
See, this is very sad. Every single day.
But like I said, what's the day today, the 16th?
And after my vacation, when I come back, there'll be a big, very fat paycheck waiting for me.
And then another one, not very far along after I come back.
It could be so much more rewarding if the people here had something to say about anything.
If that's something to say.
And you watch when the sports shows come on, the phones, they are smoking.
Do they have any of these many people listening?
No.
It's the same 200 people, of course, morning noon and night.
No. No.
But there's, bap bap bap bap.
Give me this, give me bap bap bap.
And Danny, bap bap bap bap bap bap.
And the hurricanes, bap bap bap bap bap.
And if those things are important.
And those people make me want to sit and cry.
They make me want to cry.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I love that you put that Jew hating bastard in his place.
I don't know that he's a Jew hating bastard, but he's just trying to suggest it because I'm Jewish.
Therefore, I shouldn't talk about other religions.
I'm an equal opportunity basher when it comes to religion, sir.
They're all filocraft.
The only thing is some are more benign, some are more malignant.
And the one that he's defending, the Catholic Church, throughout history, has been the most malignant of them all.
There's nobody even, there's no contest, no more contenderies, they say in Rome.
Now, in that regard with regard to the Catholic Church, I'm in real estate, and I was looking at some real estate in Tamarack.
I was owned by the diocese of Miami.
Right.
So I call them up to see if they want to sell the thing.
I couldn't get anybody other than a secretary of the phone.
They won't put me in touch with anybody who knows anything about the property.
So I do some further investigation.
Turns out that the Archdiocese of Miami is hoarding real estate all over Dave Brad and Tom Beach County.
All right.
They got millions and millions of dollars in real estate.
And they keep passing the basket around it, math asking for more money.
Yeah, well, the thing that to fight the lawsuits of all the pedophile priests, you know, because their insurance has been canceled.
So they got to have the money to fight the lawsuits.
Yeah, in the same vein, I got my in laws or into Kabbalah.
I don't know if you know too much about Kabbalah.
No.
But they're bleeding them dry of money.
I do. I know a lot about Baklababa though.
You got to make a donation for everything.
You're rocking the place.
You got to make a donation.
How can you do business without donation?
You got to have money to do business, man.
Stealing money left and right.
Stealing money from the public. You've got to pal.
That's what we're talking about. Stealing money from brainwash, stupid, terrified people, and God bless you.
And God bless you today.
And I'll pray for you.
That's right.
Let me put your hands.
Here you go. That's what Benny Hendes.
He puts his hands not on your head, not on your shoulders, in your pocket.
That's what he's saying.
I'm going to give you $50,000.
Whatever you got, I'll take it.
And then people like that asshole Larry King keeps putting them on there over and over again.
These same fakers.
That's his new deal now, okay?
That's his new deal.
He keeps putting every goddamn faker on the year of Benny Hendes and Jerry Falwell.
Every goddamn faker that ever came down to play.
I know how to do it, talk to him.
Yeah, right.
When are you going to start?
When are you going to stop crossing the marshmallows you asshole with suspenders?
On airs of Jewish guy for you, Larry is Ziggler by the way.
That should make the guy happy.
Always a little rip in Larry.
And rightfully so.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Yeah, absolutely.
What is it?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
This is Vito.
Yeah.
Yeah, very new.
Vito Corleone?
No, you're close.
Vito Dolbari.
Okay, speak to me, Vito.
I listen.
A couple of months ago I said I know you're a very intelligent man.
I want to speak to you about something.
I said about why.
Well, my son was down out of Maratha a couple of weeks ago.
A restaurant with his wife and his little white-hole baby.
Yeah.
Vito, let me ask you.
Are you listening to this show today?
Yes, I listen every day.
Okay.
All right.
Just curious.
Because I know every day.
Does this have anything to do with what we're talking about today?
Yeah, basically it does.
Because you know, my son went into the men's room and he got squirted with water.
You got squirted in the men's room?
Right.
As he walked in, the urinal was coming.
Water was pouring out of it.
He got squirted in the men's room.
Oh, right.
You guys water, okay.
I see, he walks out.
Next, with a manager, assistant comes over.
The manager comes running out.
Says to my son.
Maybe he was holy water.
Maybe that's why I thought.
Well, it could have been holy water.
I don't think so.
It might have been a little younger than that.
What does it have to do with what we're talking about?
All right.
Well, the manager says to my son, what did you do to my bathroom?
You have to inspect.
Yeah.
You know.
And with that, my son says, look, I'm not going to pay for my meal.
I'm going to leave.
He's not going to call the police.
You broke my bathroom.
Really.
Then he says, oh, I looked up.
I'm going to pay for my meal.
I'm leaving.
And he says, no.
So he gets in his car.
They go down the road.
The trooper picks him up down the road.
They bring him back.
Yeah.
All right.
What would he do to the bathroom?
He didn't do a thing.
Oh, a bathroom.
He gets arrested for what?
disorderly conduct.
For escorting in the bathroom?
No.
For cursing at the manager.
He had a witness 40 feet away.
What does that mean?
Does he have a car?
No.
He can't curs at the manager.
No.
He can't.
No, he can't.
And my son works in Adam Arratt.
And he puts everything in a newspaper.
That his off-the-war man went berserk in a restaurant.
Sounds like a good lawsuit to me.
Oh, it's a beautiful one.
Good luck to you.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Don't leave my room.
Tell me 20%.
Hey, I've sent you more, Neil.
Make him an offer.
Can't refuse.
That's what we do now.
I'm in a limousine business.
All right.
There you go.
All right, David.
All right.
Okay.
Here's video.
That's a kiss like red on the lips.
Oh, yeah.
You know what that means?
Like when Michael kissed Fredo right on the lips.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Superman.
Yeah, Superman.
Oh, that's superman was everybody's downfall.
Even Chris Reeves.
Bud Codger.
George Reeves.
Everybody involved with Superman.
But I've been.
Who was it that you used to bring him there all the time?
What was the guy's name?
Oh, well.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
That'sbarbal.
Now one chapter.
After myself was a dancer.
Well, he has to bring me here all the time.
You arequin.
That's Coming Up.
Deep l .
Deep Ch County.
I wore 1Riola.
Duant's Bna Rwy.
I wore 1Riola.
the first minute of the show today Joe Rose told me that Jason Taylor is hung like a
moose and has got the largest penis on the dolphin team for all you sports
people sports intensive yeah Joe was over there checking them all out 26 after
one at five sixty WQM Jim Mandage Toss
no my muy yo
got to help another sports
quatre
Yeah!
Yeah, we need him that day.
He's gonna win the race.
People of him cause he isn't out for gold.
Did I mention that he isn't out for gold?
He played for the nick.
He doesn't borrow stick.
Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out for gold.
That out gold.
That out gold.
That out gold.
Yeah, he's not out gold.
I'll play it one time more.
We love him a lot.
Mostly cause he isn't out for gold.
Well, don't you love him, Brad?
Don't you love him?
Yeah, I'm 32 at 560 WQ.
I mean, sure as boring and has a thick tongue.
You know, he's just kind of like, yeah.
But anyway, 5607 05 50.
Did I say, but anyway, oh, I'm in trouble now.
Did I say that?
Anyway, don't forget Hank will be a cool city at two.
Those through at six and Kaplan with the gambling show at 10.
For the real chronic start there, who need GA badly.
Turn to the Lord.
Turn to those 18 steps.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you today?
18 steps to the North, the steps to the window.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to agree with you, Neil.
I happen to have been born, Jewish.
But I think religion.
Oh, I totally.
Total is a crock of you know what.
Crack.
It's a joke.
It's for the weak.
It's for the followers.
It's for nobody with a mind.
The other thing I wanted to tell you about the planet.
I believe that planets, I happen to be a hobbyist in this.
And I believe that there are planets teeming throughout the universe,
or life throughout the universe.
It only makes sense.
Like I said, we're like a little tiny ant that just crawled out of the ant hole.
And we're looking around and we think we know something and we know nothing.
We know nothing.
We know not only know nothing.
Our brains are so limited in the, you know, in what we can think and how we can compute.
Look at where we've come in 100 years from flying an airplane, to where we are now.
Can you imagine another civilization with 100,000 years more advanced than we are with the same intellect that we have?
I think it's hard to think, see.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, well, it is.
But anybody who believes that there's not life teeming throughout the universe.
Is it an imbecile?
Absolutely got to be stupidity.
And living in a vacuum.
Absolutely.
God bless you, sir.
Take care, Nick.
Okay, and I'll pray for you deeply in development.
I'm going to rub my beads several times if Fredo would have just rub those rosary beads a few more times.
Right, Fredo?
Fredo!
Thank you.
What do we got there?
Anything good from Carlos who came floating in and out of there?
What is that?
This is always a thing.
Look at that envelope.
They're Howard, Shore and whatever they do.
What is it?
You'll know when I give it to you.
Another crazy person.
Another crazy person?
No, please, let's have that.
Let's take a call from Stuart.
Hello.
Yes, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's nice to know about Jason Taylor.
He graduated from ACR and you, that's the same school that I'm in.
There you go.
Well, they know that rubber.
That's the rubber cap on the world, man.
They need the big rubber up there for Jason.
Right.
My mother worked in the entire industry.
Right.
Anyway, so, Benny Hen, my wife actually went to a museum in Orlando.
Did you know that?
He's what?
His church is in Orlando.
All right, good.
Yeah, close by.
Let's keep her up close by.
My wife had cancer and three weeks before she died, he laid hands on her.
No, that probably put her over the edge.
Probably.
She shouldn't do anything.
Oh, boy.
But, you know, as far as the Bible is concerned, you need not go on your further than Genesis.
Like the second verse or so when it says that God created the earth and everything upon it.
And then the next few verses down it says, then he created the sun, the moon, and the stars.
I mean, it's a big contradiction.
Obviously, the earth, obviously the stars and the rest of the universe were much older.
And they were here long before the earth.
And so that's where I stopped because I say, well, this is a bunch of nonsense.
So why continue on?
And then if I could just get everybody to pick up their Bible, which they're all talking about the good book,
but very, very few of them have ever read it, except when they go to church in synagogue
and they give them a selected passage, a selected piety, they would just read the first year for pages.
They'd say, oh my gosh, this is a little kid and they put it away in court.
Oh, yeah, people live with a 700 years old and then Jesus is born from a virgin in water to wine.
And it just goes on and on and it's just how.
Not to mention all the great diseases that God let's just get to.
Yeah, exactly.
This loving God that's all living things.
You must have created all these viruses and germs and can't keep doing it too, by the way.
Yeah, exactly.
He's a loving God.
That's why there's prayers for the others and just disease and everything.
All right, Neil.
God bless you, sir.
That's about it. Thank you.
God for us.
God is a sadistic prick. How do you like that?
Oh, he didn't say that to me. I did.
He's a real mother.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, what's that number for America?
For Chicago and Detroit and Boston and Michigan and Kalamazoo and the New York that we had to call from today.
See, very first call I thought, boy, that thing's going to be smoking.
Was it smoking? No.
And of course in four Myers, they're putting our signal through a filter that they make sure they can't hear too much of this because the religious nuts run that whole town over there.
The whole West Coast.
The whole West Coast, the Florida baby. Talk about the Bible belt.
Woo!
Hallelujah!
They're old, they're craggy and they love the Lord on the West Coast.
Here's a mobile in-pomital B.
Chilla.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Here's a four-letter day.
Four Pierce. Hello.
Hello. Hello.
Fort something, yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a couple things to say.
Yes, sir.
First of all, Benny Han is a big fat loser.
And he's not a boxer.
Actually, actually, he's not a loser.
He's making a fortune off dumb people.
I know. That's what I'm saying.
I was thinking about getting into that profession, pushing people up there.
And I came a few bucks and they go taking a dive and making a fortune.
This is true.
And anybody who doesn't believe that we are the only living beings in the Sylvester Universe of ours is I think an ignorant person.
He's an asshole.
Right. Couldn't have said a bit of myself.
All right. Hey, how about that gorgeous sauce?
How about it?
I love it.
Me too.
All right, Dave.
I didn't say we're going to play it.
He said, how about it?
I love it.
That's all I said.
I'm not going to play it on a time.
I'll play a little bit of it to make you feel better.
Just a few seconds.
Okay.
Everybody right up now.
Anybody who's against marijuana is a commoners.
We don't intramaker in the crowd of beans.
They got the best herbs that you have first.
All right.
But like I said, we don't have time right now.
Twenty two before, well, we don't.
But I played a little bit just enough time for him to light up and get all four peers.
Somebody up there and four peers get that guy.
I think he's got like a little pin joint.
There's probably a few good joints up there.
Four peers.
So that's a scary place by the way.
Talking about the West Coast.
Oh, four peers, Viral Beach.
Real scary.
Hmm.
Beware of exploding balls.
So how gay do you want to look today?
Pretty gay.
Like, flippin' gravy gay or just...
...try to gay.
No, like a really gay.
Great.
Lean back.
How gay do you want to look today?
Come to gay cuts and we'll give you the perfect hairdo to suit your alternative style.
You want the tarfy beans looking or the two layer ting around the back.
No matter how gay you are, gay cuts can fit your style.
And don't forget to ask about our new special pickups too.
From back shaving to crack shaving.
Gay cuts will do it all.
Yeah.
The fastener just hates my hairy ass.
If you could do something about that, we'd both do really happy to spend over and say...
...move for me.
Gay cuts.
How gating you want to look today?
15 til 2, by the way, we want to dedicate that to clearance, our assistant PD, who got
I understand through the grapevine, a very faggy haircut today, kind of a gluismagilla, Roman...
Oh, God.
Why?
Why do, uh, guys like that?
Maybe he's looking for a date.
Anyway, let's, uh, do Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Hi.
How you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you, man?
Cool, Raul.
How big are you, Portland?
Cool, Raul.
Cool, Raul, okay?
Yeah, because I got the swimming pool.
Yeah.
I listened.
I really didn't want to talk about the point.
Station of Taylor's penis, but we wanted to talk about the due that, uh, that, you know, surrounds us here financially.
The what?
The due?
That's, you know, surrounds us financially.
We knew that surrounds you, but what does that mean?
Yeah, you know what today is.
Today is the 16th day, you know, the, the, they met today.
Who's they?
All the federal.
All the due, Alan Greenspan.
Right.
That's around you.
Right.
So I figured that, you know, you know, you're always up to the moment.
Yeah.
And, uh, I wonder what they did today.
Well, let me take a look.
Let me take a peek.
You can tell by whether the arrow is up or down.
They're in a commercial break on power lunch.
Well, I'll keep watching, okay?
And say, how did that do you with a big nose?
Okay.
Get out of here.
Do you know what you said?
Oh, you need a system.
Come on.
Get this spot out.
And by the way, you notice how Ted David don't call us anymore.
Yeah, he don't call anymore.
I told you, since he found out I had that on health stock, that's okay, Ted.
You're becoming very chronic anyway.
Get back to work and get things straightened out.
Okay.
We got the Y2Gay to worry about.
That's right.
Stoke him in 19th December 31.
It's going to be Y2Gay.
Everybody's going to turn gay.
So you better watch who's grabbing you and who you're grabbing back.
Come on.
Let's get this damn thing over with here already for Omega Research, which we don't care about.
We want to see.
Why don't they leave the thing on at least in between the, you know what I'm saying?
On the bottom of the screen.
You got some goddamn frickin' nerve.
I may have to turn on CNN.
I'm going to have to do it.
Because CNBC just don't want to give me what I want.
All of the Dow's up 82 points.
What does that tell you?
Of course, I don't know if they had the announcement yet.
Trial date set for a LIDZerox coming.
A LIDZerox coming.
Everybody's always a LIDZ.
The LIDZ murderer, Adolf Hitler.
Yeah, a LIDZ.
Dow's up 84.
Okay, let's go back to this one moment.
Bear with me.
Okay, no, it's very boring if you're a slipper and have no stock like George.
Let's see.
Here we go.
Power lunch.
Stop, man.
Hold on, Azdaq's up 37.
Join us live from Lost Wages with George.
You have Gengager funding there.
Are you having a good time?
I'm having a good time, so far Bill.
But I don't think there's anything that's important as golfing and work.
Is the...
All the fed decisions they're coming out for a half hour yet.
Okay, thank God they put that up there instead of always a guy in Vegas having a good time.
Yeah, they must have...
I don't know what they're getting ready for because the market's off to a good start.
I'm telling you one thing.
If they don't raise the rate, it's going to go through the roof.
So tell us...
No, you would have known like the guy said to cut the crap, okay?
Everything's going just fine.
Oh my God, a lady in Hylia?
No?
Yes, you know?
Yes, I wonder that Tom Kee about the anthropologist and their studies.
And no matter how obscure isolated the tribe is,
it...
It's always a spiritual belief going on.
Don't you think it's innate in man's belief or something?
No, no, I don't.
It's not innate.
You don't think that's proven by all of the studies of it now?
No, I don't think it's innate.
I think it's just...
It's like a tradition, like a custom, like cutting your hair too short.
Or too long.
No, my series.
Yeah, I'm not very happy with that one.
Right.
How much does the class need to join first of all?
I'm not a dad.
Okay, good.
But it's the forces of nature that are so emancipated of our powering that they want some belief system to protect them.
Protect them from what?
Protect them from what?
That forces of nature.
So they...
Why can't they just get in touch with nature?
Why can't they respect nature and appreciate nature and work with nature?
So I can't.
They're part of destroying nature.
Well, I can very much so.
Yeah.
But this is my theory is to why every tribe, no matter how obscure,
has a spiritual belief system that nature...
Maybe because we're just all very primitive and very ignorant.
Is that possible?
Could that be it?
That could be it.
Well, yeah, I get that feeling.
That could be it.
That's it.
That's it.
When people are on Strupulous and able to take the weakening of the human being...
I mean, if you listen to the show every day...
Yeah.
I'm fearless from the show every day.
There you go.
It's why you already know the answer.
There's a lot of dumb people out there.
A lot of weak dumb...
Tragic.
And have a great day.
It's amazing.
And I'll pray for you.
Please.
Okay.
Me and the Quomagnan man.
We're praying for you.
And Superman.
Speaking of kryptonite.
Maybe that's what that planet is.
Maybe it's kryptonite.
A lot of there, five hundred and trillion, whatever that is, eight hundred and thirty to nine trillion miles away.
It must be kryptonite.
Oh, I bet you...
I bet you Marlon Brando is out there waiting for a guy named...
What's his name to come back?
Who's the guy that is really, really ugly and looks really good on Superman?
The...what's his name?
Dean Kaye.
Yeah.
You ever see him up close?
No.
He is such a testament to the wonders of what they can do with cameras, man.
That kid is so grotesque.
I'll tell you who else is grotesque.
I always thought...
The Bill...what's his name on CNN that does the news bill, Hummer?
That I always thought was a good looking guy.
When he was out there covering a hurricane with no makeup on, I'm telling you man, he's got a face that even a mother could hate.
Just astonishing what they can do with makeup and camera angles and like...
Just like that Backstreet Boys video where they made Niklaan butcher up and looked almost human.
Man, I'm sorry that bitch is going to call again. Sorry sweetheart. He's not a pineapple head.
So what do you say? Should we give away those Backstreet Boy tickets in the front row?
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, how are you?
Great.
I have a couple of things to say about...
What did you get to say?
Yes sir.
I have found that they have not read the Bible and if they did they would realize that God in his own admission or at least in the admission of the Bible is an extraterrestrial.
That is one extraterrestrial.
Absolutely.
He's got it in this world.
Yeah, no, he created it so he couldn't be from here.
Yeah.
That's about it.
He's a foreigner. That's what he's saying.
Watch your meet, men.
Male sex organs are getting sliced off and alarming rate at the end of the end of the millennium approaches.
It's got a whole list of things here.
Well people used to have things.
November 9th on Australian man was happily poking his penis into a estranged wife.
Reports of the Brisbane Courier male.
Their coitus was crudely interrupted by the woman's angry ex-husband who knifeed off the rod of his rival.
When in doubt he cut it out.
September 27th, a suicidal 42 year old man near Yale University tried to bleed himself to death by pruning off his palace.
The Connecticut Irre-sur-V had been impelled by local judge to accept reattachment.
So the associated press.
September 3, sex offender John Henry Brown was grossly abbreviated in Oklahoma prison by his cellmate James Todd Frosig,
physician to tempt the so-the pedophilia penis back on were unsuccessful.
Doesn't say penis, it says.
August 30th, a young poor.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Well, a young poor butchered up.
