sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show.
They're called 5 6 7 0 5 60 toll free and they prefer right or pound 5 60 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Beasley read acquisitions for the good part.
Now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
You've been a lot of bids.
The Rogers on sports radio WQAM.
All of them are in the middle of the night.
All of them are in the middle of the night.
All of them are in the middle of the night.
I would like to demonstrate to you the Al Gore-Burjou of the Lauderdale.
I am not trying to talk to you.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Lauderdale.
Would you like to see it again?
No.
When your alarm goes off in the morning, lock the radio.
When one of your children reaches for serial and proof, lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
Lock the radio.
With officer
name, right?
Any other chronic factors?
That's our poll question today.
Who is sicker?
The chronic collars who claim to hate the shows that they're calling and do, or the chronic
factors who hate to hold radio station.
Like Tracy Foster, obviously a phoning name.
Yesterday morning, we had all kinds of factors in here directed toward the worst team.
From Tracy Foster, you guys suck.
There's too many spots.
Papa, papa, never going to listen again.
I'll tune in on draft day.
See anybody who says they'll tune in on draft day.
That should tell you everything you need to know right up front.
But this morning Tracy fostered faxes to the wrong machine to our machine and by the way
I'm delighted any faxes you want to send to the worst team send them to us. Okay, cuz we'll read them on the air
Biggest race in NASCAR this weekend you guys are talking have time to talk about high school recruiting without racing
Francis turns over the reins and you guys are talking about f in Columbus high
Well, maybe they like f in Columbus high
Maybe there's a lot of f in going on at Columbus high. You think you could be from over here and
Try something new book just like you're not going for your fourth helping for fried chicken
Oh, he is getting monsters, isn't he?
He really is he's he's just a enormous. He's a sports monster the booster and that was like two weeks ago
Right about two weeks you could imagine in the interim he might have gotten even bigger
Try talking about something new and that goes on same recycled bowl
Is what it says here six to ten football football football tended to hockey hockey hockey two to six name drop name drop name drop
I think suggesting that Hank is a name dropper
Six to nine baseball baseball baseball tend to six gambling gambling gambling
No changes boring radio the only thing that changes are the spots
So I'm Tracy W. Foster and by the way big O could you do a ten minute update on Easter Sunday shut up already?
So at least it's amusing I find it really amusing and here's something who claims that he or she or it is never gonna listen again
And it's got the listens every minute talk about the swimsuit issue anything new it says
First of all how can you knock them when you listen to the callers?
Hey, well, you have two formulas for the heat
Yeah, I got a formula for you. Okay, yeah, that's your formula
And then here's the facts for more than most chronic of all the handwriting facts is that we've ever had
I mean going back to the old IOD and the Paxton the little scroll you've heard me refer to it with a little scroller and
This one is also addressed to Boogshambi anybody out there. Okay, that's our pull question this morning come on
Let's hear it. Who do you like better on the morning show guilty or the Boogster?
That's an excellent pull question. Come on. Let's hear it five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty animal mobile one line. We'll see if we have any crossover at all
Who do you enjoy better on a morning show who brightens your morning better the Boogster or guilty?
Not that we want to knock yeldy while there's up there with a hockey team in Ottawa
So anyway, it's go and lose a few pounds Boog
You have no respect for your elders and about Josh Friedman this and I'm and and these are like chronic factors that we get all the time
We're also fixing the morning show you're sick you have no lives
Isn't it great that we have people on the phone and on the facts machine? No life assholes
I think I'm going to be spotted my question here this morning. Oh come on. Let's go. That's a very pertinent question
Which I think indicates we have no crossover whatsoever
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line off to Algrave
This is just a quick mini pull here Boogster or guilty
And they're all going who?
That's a minute. This is frightening. This is truly shocking
So they're all calling thinking they can vote off the air
What do you mean they're all calling how many calls both of them Q. I. M. Yeah, yes
How you doing? Okay, is this Neil? Yes, no
Okay, thank you Q. I. M.
Q. I. M. Yeah, yeah, I'll vote who do you vote for?
Booster like the boobster what about Geldie?
Yeah, Geldie's all right, but I like to like the most better. I like I'm alone too and you like it
What is that you weren't here that does it?
I like on loan on the air. Oh, I feel okay. Thanks
Oh
Man you people are so goddamn recalcitrant come on lighten up loosen up a little bit
I know where we are. I know what's depressing look out the window even though the weather's pretty dead easy
But we know where we are but loosen up a little bit bastards Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M. Hello, yes
Geldie sucks, okay. Yeah, we'll go all the way. Thank you. Okay. Did he say?
Turs a guy key sucks. Okay Q. I. M.
Hello, yes, sir. I just think the big booster. You like boob takes gross. Okay
You with him. Hello
Well, yes
Come on, sir turn it on what a jerk what a jack off you are pal
You couldn't even spit out one word come on. How difficult is this? This is an easy exercise. Let's go
Christ we got a 50 million people out there with strong opinions about this as if we have any crossover between these shows
You think we do? No, I don't Q. I. M. Hello. I thought we need a pool Q. I. M.
Well, that was booed Q. I. M. Hello
That was a great job there. That was a nice bleak. Nice going pal excellent. See I told you guys can do it
So let me ask you how was it Q. I. M. Hello?
Folk of Brian blows. Oh
They are right. I
You see what I mean? You see what I mean? There are some real sick puppy stuff up there and on the facts machine on the phone on
Uranus on your back of your airviewer man. It just glued at no life not even a semblance of a life
24 hours a day. They don't even have time for like a little nap a mini nap
Q. I. M.
Move for president. Okay boy boob seem to be running away with this. I sure hope for guilty. They're not listening upstairs the management types Q. I. M. Hello.
Show you how bad they both are I think remember
Q. I. M. Hello
Calling in long distance from Ottawa, huh Q. I. M. Hello. They both
bring back so Henry Q. I. M. Hello. Neil. Yeah. Oh he must have heard. Hello. Yes. Neil. I most the boog. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much. Do we have any calls for guilty from somebody that wasn't joking? No.
I don't want to make him insecure. That's scratchy awful. P. P. Best and poison his but man. In fact, I guess I heard then this morning tomorrow morning
That's going to be the same view because a girl. He's on the road with a hockey team and defos in rehab or on vacation
Which everyone you want to believe depending on how juvenile you are and
Boy one more day. I think it could be like a Lou Garrett thing. You know while he pip all you loan me your glove and loop plays 50,000 games in a row
Although I don't think anybody as fat as the boogster can be getting up that early in the morning like on a regular basis
Do you think so? No. Wow. All right. You know, it's getting up in the morning when you get up into a morning show
You can be eating cheeseburgers like by 7 30 like we used to do on Zeta. Oh
Yeah
If you're a little bit creative you'll find in fact Chuck from the subset
I'm sure if we talked to him real nice on their behalf
He'll bring them all kinds of good stuff early in the morning
We could get boog up to like our goldstein size and by the end of June I would think
So so far it's a runaway. Okay, and this is just like a little sidebar
Because I think it's interesting to find out whether we have number one any crossover number two
If the Kelly is really is the universally despised is I think he might be with that voice
It's not personal is it personal it's like the thing with Sam is that personal? Oh?
By the way, congratulations for the a near Rogers rating party last night
96 last near Rogers rating party
It tells me everybody had a good time the food was great the booze was great and
That there was some decent people there except for a couple of them
Including Sam the promotion man who continues to be anxious and phony and full of real smelly crap
Okay, oh god, if you love George Martin's recent farewell CD in my life
featuring famous Beatles tunes recorded by such phone depth celebrities as Jim Kerry Robin Williams Goldie Hahn and Sean Connery
You'll absolutely flip over his newest last adventure in my life
Volume two the follow-up to the original CD. He had no business making in the first place here Jack Nicholson
I get no more
Too good to freaking true man George Martin's in my life volume two also features Jerry Lewis
Matata
All rise
I'm thinking
You'll take
Is he won't you?
You wait this is what I'm saying. It's just me here sir George coax the bass
Start a Matthew Chandler Perry from friends. Could there be more lonely people?
Oh, what are you waiting for pick up George Martin's in my life volume two today after all
It's easier than flying to New York to spit on John lemon's grave. This is Tom Rokka in New York
I read the news today. Oh boy. I'll see you tonight
By the way, he cannot speak a lick is he is getting worse by the minute
I was channel surfing real fast because I never ever
Watch the NBC night not we know anything
And I remember when that you can't understand the word of this man is saying
That's our poll question. Who's got the worst speech problem guilty?
Barbara Walters or Tom Broca?
really
I mean
I'm sure as he case got it the Quaggle is getting worse and worse and worse this guy's getting paid millions of dollars
There are a lot of people out there get upset if I would even suggest that the guy doesn't belong on a year
He's been on there for like what since before day gearway was a baby about 200 years
He got me. Yeah, I don't know. I'm not in the list. It's getting worse and worse and worse
Here's Boka hello
Hello, yes, sir
I want to I want to cast my vote. Yes, get rid of Joe Rose and leave boog's during guilty there
Boog's during guilty. So a big note a little vlog
Thank you so much. The little dog with a big head
See they're all over the place on this and why do we have to drag him in there? Okay? He can't help it
He's a dumb ex-jock. He can't help it with a thick tongue
Who just doesn't know well when to get out of the show when to do the last commercial break?
He's got a few little problems like that and by the way speaking of us since they're in the same building and right upstairs
And since they're such a man. You know for a bunch of it's like we were talking about coming up
pick up on the calls and you're the two guys passing the phone back. No you talk to him. No you told him hey
Mikey, you like so you know that kind of deal
See this is supposed to be the macho sports station all these macho guys. Yeah, right and I think out rules
They may have had a point that the gig club you moron. What a bunch of pussy's man
I mean here they are upstairs and these new make believe phony baloney studios the Greg Reed slapped together just in time for
Super Bowl weeks. We didn't have to be embarrassed and humiliated with that toilet on Sheridan Street and
They still I you know you tell me this I ask you every morning because I'm not gonna go up there every morning
I ask you this and you tell me to say the same answer no and the question is have they got like like a like a real TV up there
Like the one that Jeff Cohen brought us. No, they have the cable. They have their DSS the direct TV
No, so in other words here's poor Ed Kaplan. Oh, okay. Here's I vote for Goldie. That's about Boog says
Yeah, cuz you don't want to get up for it the morning. That's the only reason for that and I don't blame them
But at any rate the the deal is that they got no nothing up there and Ed Kaplan's on there with a gambling show
How can you do any legal gambling show with no with no information?
They got a sports wire that's got the scores from last week. That's a hell of a sports wire baby some some big deal with that
So I think we're gonna have to step it and fill the breach because there are much of panties up there just like their audience
Maybe we'll have to beg for somebody like our friends from
Digital world satellite digital world satellites since we love them so much and they put it
We've had no problem here since the first day we were on the air
Because before we came on the year we put the word out we were begging and here was here was a point
How long did it take the first couple of days they were over here slapping that thing in there right yeah
Before we're gonna hour all together. No, no, I don't mean how long did take to put it in but I'm just saying in terms of getting this done
Very easy project. Oh, we take care of it. Yeah, right Jeff Cohen brings us over nice TV with a built-in VCR
And a guy from the digital world satellite comes in gives us a DSS they hook it up for us outside
Look it all up in here. We've been going strong for 13 and a half months with this thing and we thank them for
Fuse you guys upstairs. I realized Ed Kaplan doesn't have the cloud okay when you're working late at night and when you're like a you know
Compulsive gambler
You don't have the kind of cloud that's some of the daytime people do
But some of these people are such a bunch of pussy's I would be demanding I would just call up us anywhere
I'd call a client's TV depot say hey slap it in and send him a bill
That's all get it done. I mean this is the nuts and bolts we need to work with and I think we're gonna have to step in there
Because otherwise Greg Reed is gonna continue the slippery bull crap that you did with us for months and months and months and months before we finally started on the year here
slippery bull crap. It's called lying. You know, he likes to well
You know I have good intentions and I thought this and I thought about a meat but it's called lying
It's called BS in your way through life and being as cheap as you can until somebody holds your feet to the fire
It says look God damn it. This is what we got a half to do a show
We got a bunch of chronic gamblers out there. They don't want to hear stuff from like five years ago
They want to know what's going on now. They want to know that fully gloss to anaheim 65 last night and at the late game or five four five four
Well, by the way speaking the last night and if you do have I keep begging you people
Especially you sports nerds. How can you live without the small bitch?
I look in a schedule for last night. It looks like the hurricane leafs game
Which is the second last game ever it may believe gardens is not gonna be on I flip on my 365
There's the awful Tampa Bay in San Luis and 366. There's the direct TV logo is on there
Which means to me that they're gonna be having a TSN the sports that were telecast from Toronto and I said
Holy Mackinac is what I said
I'm gonna be here in Joe Bowen doing a leafs game tonight and well what a what a game even though they lost
I understand the Panther fans are unhappy with us because we lost the game because the leaf defense stayed home last night
But what a game
That was
And
On freaking believe
Five minutes to that third period last night that I thought I was gonna like lose it
The most simulating back and forth and up and down unbelievable that we end the only way in the world
I would have seen that is with the small dish
Why you people insist on being prisoners of the cable company or being prisoners of Greg read upstairs. I don't get it
If you want to have a life get yourself a small dish do it right now go out of the house get in your car right now
Go to appliance TV Depot. What are one of your neighborhood? Everybody their brothers got them
They come in they install it it takes 20 minutes a half an hour to install it
And even the people in the with those condo commandos bugging them if it's on their own property
They just passed the law here a couple of months ago. You can still they can't tell you can't have it
And then you call up in fact your installer will make the call for you 1800 direct TV whatever packages you want
You want the basic package you want the sports package the hockey package the basketball whatever you want
And there they are there's all the games like one after another after another there's all the uh with a with an unbelievable crystal clear picture
Instead of taking crap from the cable people your rabbit ears
Here's for a lot of Dale hello
Yes, sir
I just wanted to call and ask you if you've seen the articles for I have the signal about the gay telecom
And the that during a follow-off once again not only have I seen it sir
I talked about it yesterday on the air but got no response
I have it in my hand right now subtle depiction scene Jerry Falwell they had him on the national news last night
And he went better be better book he's a new tactic is this first of all he did the thing with the Jews the anti-Christ
And that didn't go over too big so we kind of backpedaled away from that now
He's doing this thing in his magazine that's published up there the national liberty journal and he said well
I don't even know what I think about telepubbies, but
The people that write for me I stand by them just like any other publication would and uh
Cedars and so on and now this morning I guess he was on there doing the double talk out kill a routine
So you know this show is said to be on any credit they will get all the
Well, he says he's got an effort who says he's got any credibility
He's a shister. He's another religious shister
And a bigot and I hate monger and how the hell can these people continue propagating their religious empires without spreading hate
That's how they stay alive
Absolutely
Thank you very much for staying that and god bless you sir and have a great life. Okay. Thank you
Tinky winky there it is right here. You thought I was making this up yesterday, huh?
And here's even a picture of tinky winky with his little purple uh
This thing he's got a he's got even I got a little purple thing
Not as big as tinky winkies, but
Little purple antenna on there. Maybe that's what they're supposed to have upstairs to pick up the channels
Let's get a tinky winky and sit his ass on a tv set and maybe his little purple antennae will pick up all the goddamn channel
If they need all those gambling scores
The Reverend Jerry Falwell says telepubbie tinky winky is a gay role model. He's got the voice of a boy yet carries a purse
He's purple the gay pride color. Now let me just say this to you because I'm not one of these professional queens that like it marches in the parade and
Has a rainbow a fact a flag on but I thought the rainbow flag was the gay pride thing. It's like a rainbow of all the colors
Since when did purple become maybe maybe some of our queens out there can form you get me up to date
Also, it says the antenna shaped like a triangle, which is the gay pride symbol that I've never heard of in my life
In my life. I've never heard that they a purple triangle was a gay pride symbol
Falwell contends the subtle depictions see it's another one of those plots not that he's paranoid
But it's another part of the homosexual agenda
They're going to convert all our youngsters into homosexuals because they're watching uh tinky winky
I think Jerry Falwell's been playing too much with tinky winky. That's what I think
The subtle depictions are intentional and a statement issued on Tuesday said as a Christian
I feel that role modeling the gay lifestyle is damaging to the more lives of children role modeling the gay lifestyle
A spokesman for itsy bitty entertainment company
Itsy bitty entertainment company which licenses the telecomies in the US said that what Falwell's newspaper described as a purse is actually
Tinky winky's magic bag bag all right all right. Let's squeeze your magic bag magic
The fact that he carries a magic bag doesn't make him gay, Steve rice said it's a children show folks
To think we would be putting sexual and you went with a children show is kind of outlandish, eh
The british show aimed at toddlers began airing on u.s. public tv last spring
It is now as popular as barney a singing dinosaur who also happens to be purple
I mentioned yesterday. Samway head of these bastards
What have I told you for years about these fakers
Without without some kind of escape code one week. It's the Jews next week. We're back to the fags
Then it'll be the schwarz here the week after that
Always got to be somebody and then of course the why-to-kate problem the end is near
Armageddon is coming and let's head for the hills and send me your money. Oh all this crap
When is the public? Well, I mean get an education first and then get over all this crap on these things
That's right when a doubt throw them all out
Start living like in the in the real world instead of in the stone age
God
Haven't blood hit and be real
Making those living's tasty people
They all have
And they might come from Stockholm
You know that no
God
And
These are the Swedish things
Be really good at our fast
Oh
And people
A
Three
ë‹¨
1032 and 560.
Tracy, who is a sick chronic factor, said to us in other facts about bringing back Bob
was choosing.
What they say about Bob was choosing.
He's an asshole.
Rhymes with losing.
So at any rate speaking of sucks, I want to tell you right now city manager, Patsy
learner of sunrise.
He's an asshole.
They biggest, the biggest.
Now first of all, you know since we had the Macarena open and the Panthers of the season
started, every time there's a telecast from there or every time they show highlights
on ESPN, they'll say, oh now let's go to the National Car Rental Center in sunrise,
Florida.
And of course the people there in sunrise, they kind of like demanded that this be the,
they want to put sunrise on the mat.
Like there's somebody under the age of 100.
What was the last time we had a call from sunrise?
I was thinking that this morning when I was reading this crap in the paper.
And in the 13 months that we've been on this radio station, you could count the number
of phone calls that we've had from sunrise on the fingers of one hand.
And even if you had like a bad accident, still have probably a couple of fingers left
over because there's nobody, nobody under the age of 100 in sunrise.
Sunrise is basically a place for dead people.
In fact when the arena is full of people, I was going to say hockey fans, but that would
be a joke.
When the Macarena is filled with a concert or a Panther game, that lowers the demographic
in sunrise, at least for a few hours.
I mean so dramatically, it's incalculable.
But now because we've got all these blue nose communities, you know, as Coral Gables was
first and then Coral Springs and a lot of others, plantation of course, payments for
it.
Oh, you can't have a satellite dish.
You can't do this.
You can't do that.
And then Pepper Pines did the same thing, but at least on the same page in the Harold
Word has the big article in the picture here about stricter sunrise sign, quote, protested.
To the left of that, it says, Pepper Pines, City will listen to businesses on signs.
Pepper Pines, at least, is giving an ear to business owners unhappy with the citizen
sign ordinance.
So at least they're going to listen to them instead of threatening them and saying, if you
don't like it here, leave town.
Go out of business.
Go broke.
Pat Salerno, I want to tell you, you and whoever else is conspiring with you in the city
of sunrise, you are the biggest bunch of assholes I have ever run into in my life.
And thank God that I don't have anything to do with any business and sunrise.
Beer neon is gone.
And merchants who don't like that or any other provision in the city's new sign law in sunrise
should leave sunrise to a boisterous business.
God was told that this week's commission meeting.
City manager Pat Salerno, even asshole.
Shot down business owners comments against new sign law to his denied.
He told them they can easily leave when they're leases in, but that residents are here
to stay and deserve a nicer looking town.
Is that incredible?
How about if we have an ordinance that all the old parts have to move out of sunrise?
That will make it a nicer looking and smelling town.
And it'll sure make driving through and around it to hell a lot easier.
See, sunrise is, if you look on a map, like a real map, sunrise like Juts around here
and there, like by me, if I go up there and sunrise Boulevard and go west like one
block, now I'm in sunrise.
I live in plantation in the acres.
But on the other side of the street on sunrise, that's no plantation.
But on the north side, like where the arena is and where the Yosogra is, Mills, Mallas,
that's sunrise.
So it's kind of like Juts and creeps and sticks and it's all over the place.
But if you drive like, you know, if you go north of where I am, if you go like up
knob hill or you go up Oakland, a Oakland Park Boulevard and deeper you get into sunrise,
the older and more impossible, it becomes because there are all these people, all these
old parts in their juke anews driving around in the three lanes at a time, going 15 miles
under the speed limit, who have no business being on a road.
And they're not concerned about that.
Spats, the learner says, Neon is godly and girish.
So I don't know about you.
I like Neon.
I like Neon signs.
I think they're, I think they're sharp.
They're pretty and good.
They're pretty and they stand out.
I say God bless whoever invented Neon.
He says even the traditional Neon open signs are banned unless they're under a non-transparent
covered, whatever that means.
I know what that means.
If they're not under a non-transparent cover, how do I get anybody see them?
Neon has its place, he said, exposed Neon's place is in red light districts.
Aha, now we're getting to it.
Well you know something Pat, evidently you never leave sunrise because the only red light
district that I'm off, I've seen Berlin a few others.
But the only red light district that's really famous that I've ever been in is the one
I'm stood on.
And are there any Neon signs there?
No.
But the only Neon lights that he thinks belong in a red light district somewhere where
there's hanky, panky going on.
Like the old farts in the sunrise, I'm going to be like going to line it up at the store
because I think there's hookers waiting inside.
Use the projector to show pictures of sunrise business fronts with Neon signs, paint or paper
flyers, tacked all over the windows.
This is blight and this is visual blight.
And it's the type of blight the commission is working to rectify for 10 years, he's
sternly told the audience, which at times broke in the shouts against the ordinance.
The merchants that spoke and out to commission meeting will pose a six month old law that'll
be in force with warning starting today.
Enforcement of the exposed Neon band starts in August and there's a picture of the Sun
Sentinel story.
Now this is the Harold story.
The Morris Rodriguez, he's the coloner of one price cleaners on West Oakland Park Boulevard
and it shows the front of her store and there's nothing wrong with it.
But she won't be allowed to keep her big signs in her shop window under a strict ordinance
and there's also a Neon sign that says beepers.
Oh boy, that's got to go to Demarice.
This kind of crap, these kind of blue noses, this is what South Florida is all about.
A lot of it's like the condo commando mentality.
People that have no lives, so let me stick, let me be a big shot.
Okay, let me stick my nose into your business.
Let me go and open up your mail.
Let me just see if your car is parked exactly where it ought to be in the right way.
Let me see if you wiped your rectum this morning in the right spot exactly the way the
log requires.
This is bullcrab.
Just like that guy to call me yesterday, it says, oh, this is America, this is the land
of the free and I just, oh yeah.
This is the land of millions of little dictators, little dictators.
How about you, Pat Salernos, how's it going?
Like a butterfly.
I bet that's seriously, I bet he's got seriously because obviously he's got an ego problem.
Got a boss, all the people around and of course, when you're in a, when a community or
a city, whatever the hell they call it, a place like sunrise, a place that's basically
a bastion of death.
These pandering to the dead old people that are his constituents, the ones that vote, not
to the living and breathing people who have a business that are trying to make a goddamn
living up there.
Let me say it again, Pat, you're an asshole and anybody else that, besides whether they're
in sunrise, is a major flaming asshole and shame on you.
Shame on you.
Hardworking people that invest all of their money and all their time and their energy into building
a business and got only knows it's a hard guy with all the competition out there.
It's a hard, damn thing to do.
And then some jackass like this comes along arbitrarily and decides, oh, well, you can't
do this and you can't.
And some of these bastards, by the way, will be leaving, Tyler, going to want to go
on a business.
Demarice, by the way, whose picture's in the arrow, says, if I take the signs down, I'm
going to lose my business.
This will affect all the businesses in the city of sunrise.
But don't confuse Pat's to learn over this.
Death first.
Break it up to the man.
Jennifer Lopez, you've got two puns.
I can't do it except this is the sun.
There are parts of you that would never stand.
Nothing flows under your giant tangent.
If a Lopez were done, no way it could flow again.
We can't see that your blood's wide name.
Let it flow when it stops flowing.
That's 25 and 550.
Look at all of your fast people this clown wasted.
The new invention allows humans to live forever.
There you go.
Eternal life foot braces.
This must be like the magnetic insoles for your shoes.
See how to make the eternal life devices.
Patent pending here.
Lower blood pressure cholesterol, the energetic.
Have a much lighter wallet.
Lose some weight back there.
Unbelievable.
A kind of chicana and quacker.
You know something to that we didn't think of it.
Somebody's going to make a lot of money.
No matter what kind of bull crap.
The bigger piece of crap like these infomercials, how many times have I told you?
Like Ron Popeel with those things that cost him a nickel.
And for only 72 easy payments of 39.95 they can be yours.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yeah, why don't you take a poll who's more annoying Goldie or Bokeh Brian?
Well, here is back again George.
Your buddy's back again.
What is his number again this guy that's the Bokeh Brian guy?
Oh the anti-bokeh guy?
Yeah.
Because that's his second call this morning.
Anybody should know that we don't do two calls in one day.
Three oh five.
Eight eight eight.
Oh six nine three eight eight eight oh six nine three.
So if you're one of those people that likes Bokeh Brian or maybe you agree with this guy
by Bokeh Brian, he'd probably like to talk to you because we sure don't want to talk
to him.
He's wasting our time.
What is the number again?
Three oh five.
One eight eight eight eight eight oh six nine three.
Huh.
And eight eight eight eight I think that's the toll free number isn't it?
Okay, we have an open line of date with that jackass just hung up five six seven oh five
sixty and five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Good morning Neil.
Yes sir.
Well I enjoyed watching Katie Kirk grill Jerry Fallwell.
I didn't see him.
She realized that this guy probably never saw the teletubbies so she asked him, did you
ever watch the teletubbies?
No.
And he says I've seen the teletubbies and I don't watch it and I'm sure you don't and
she replied back.
I watch it all the time.
So there you go.
Did you see the Kennel Club show last night?
No.
I don't watch that.
I was watching the Maple Leafs and her Carolina last night.
I'm watching the Kennel to get a life pal.
Tell me when you have something new to say.
The same guy get with a guy named dog show with a Kennel Club.
Jesus Christ.
Man.
The facts machine loaded with the same Dreck the phone loaded with the same Dreck.
Let's get some new living and breathing people on here.
Okay.
Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one.
I have to make you want to puke all over your shoes and I'm not I mean my shoes on
right now.
Sitting here with my titsies on this little little thing on the floor or whatever this
what do you call this thing?
Footrests on a foot thing.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey don't forget about sunrise at the business whether it can be no larger than four inches.
Yeah.
You know where I worked at.
At Pat Salooner got in.
Exactly.
If we're worked at if our business logo or our signs had to be four inches watch we
would be out of business within two months.
Yeah.
But you were talking about the gase flag and the sending order from the top it's red
orange yellow green blue purple and some people put on a little white lamb the thing
on there.
Uh huh.
And uh.
What did I just get you saying about chronic callers?
What did I just get you saying only moments ago and here we are with again again again again
again just like Fredo said when he was sitting on the curb there in the Godfather after Don
Corleone got shot with five.
He was and he was rocking back and forth sobbing with his head in his hand again again
because he was useless you know Fredo.
Not dumb like some people say he's smart not dumb.
Jesus Christ.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Yes sir okay.
All right one word for sunrise.
Yes.
Morrison's cafeteria.
That's what they need out there.
Yeah.
On the pole.
Don't they have one?
Yes they don't they should.
They sure they don't have like one on every street corner.
Yeah really great.
They need out there as a funeral home.
Uh huh.
I'm here and there.
They got plenty of those.
But anyhow the pole that's like he has to I mean on death road does he want the electric
chair or a pool in the brain.
Yeah.
I'll take poison gas.
I'll take a booster.
Okay.
There you go.
All righty.
And have a great day.
Oh thank God a different voice there.
We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five.
I mean seriously I wanted to talk to the same eight people everybody we just ran a
hall of the goddamn hall of the end and saved the juice.
I'm sure Greg Reed would love to do that.
Save all the electricity for four hours.
Oh.
As long as we somehow got the spots on or pretend we got the spots on.
Man get with it.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
Um one first thing I can I can clearly even hear you when you got me to hold that
on here.
Well you know something we've been talking about this for weeks and it just isn't going
to change.
You want to hear it from our engineering department.
Well now is not important what's important is when you run a hole and our engineering department
has got too many other fish to fry.
So we probably take at least five minutes to adjust that.
I was about to turn the radio on and I figured I wouldn't be able to hear you and time
to get you to.
But here we are.
But anyways, um listen I think you're really got a problem here.
I'm like you, I do know harm kind of guy.
I don't really care what you do.
Just don't bother me and don't harm me and my children.
My problem is is my daughter watches the Telwut Abbey.
She got all the tapes her favorite geeky winky.
Well she's probably going to be a lesbian then.
Yeah I know and last Halloween of course that's what she dressed up as and I don't know
where to go with this thing.
Now my son's eight months old and he's watching it too.
Yeah.
I just don't know this guy Jerry Poe bag well, far well.
You know how can he even say that when like you were saying he's never watching or whatever
but they don't even show anything sexual in the show.
They don't even show anything.
You don't even know what type of thing this is.
That's the point.
Don't you understand everything and everything is subliminal.
Don't you understand that sir?
Everything is like a it's a communist plot.
It's a fag plot.
I mean when you're dealing with delusionary paranoid, psychotic people like Jerry Falwell
who are a con artist.
This is what this is what the best thing can come up with.
Yeah.
He's making himself these last two weeks into the laughing stock.
Not that anybody with a brain took him seriously for years since but in the meantime he
is now the laughing stock of the universe.
When the show is over, I don't know who he's going to sleep with whether it's Poe or whoever.
Yeah.
But the thing is they don't even show anything sexual.
The plot is three years old.
This guy is sure.
I don't think you know I don't like to talk about it.
That's going to be next week pal.
I would monitor that show very closely.
It's going to be next week.
They're going to be rubbing their antennae together.
We have an open line at day one in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I get a request.
Same as request.
I wonder if you can play some of the cars they announced for the penguins when they score
a goal.
No.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Just a quick commentary on the Langs name.
I'm going to talk about the Langs.
What's going on my mom.
This here in the States for 35 years until she moved to Europe and she's over here now.
She heard this stuff with Jerry Falwell yesterday.
My cousin's in Copenhagen.
Their kids watch the Tully Tubby's and watch them for years.
And she's crying.
She's going what has happened to this country?
That's the American fucking wing.
Right.
Yeah.
She goes.
It's absolutely incredible.
She chees.
Well you know there's a letter.
There's a letter to the editor speaking of Denmark from somebody from Denmark this morning
in either the hurdle to the Sunsendle about the Monica Gate, Penis Gate business and
about how all the people in Denmark and most of the rest of the civilized world are in
shock that this crap can be going on and they're making a big deal out of this and wasting
all these millions of dollars on it.
The world is just the, they don't know whether the laugh or cry.
Right.
They're absolutely dumbfounded.
It's unbelievable that it continues.
Anyway I got to go back to work and so that's it and go Least.
Okay.
They were great thing.
We have an open line and date one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Last game ever it may believe Gardens this Saturday night Chicago Black Hawks and Least
early start 6, 30.
They'll have a special telecast 6 o'clock which I'm sure will be on a small dish.
I'm positive of that.
But that was some bonus last night.
It's TSN on a small dish.
It's Carolina game.
Unbelievable.
And I'm probably the only person in this entire All South Florida who's seen it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
You're your first.
I see mine.
What is it?
Your first.
I see you, man.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
And also we think about those Carolina team.
Do you think the band is going to catch up to them?
Do I think who's going to catch up with them?
The Appatars.
We'll find out.
There's a great hockey call for you.
Do I think, Carolina, that Carolina team?
Do I think the Panthers are going to catch up with them?
Call up later on.
Okay.
Call up tonight.
They'll be making sports progress.
The occasions are beginning to be the odds and Vegas, the, uh, whatever they call it.
Open line of date.
Five six seven, oh five 60, five, five, six, the other mobile one line.
See, I know this comes to a great shock to you people.
Sports talk is boring.
Okay.
I know that comes to the great revelation.
It's boring.
They're talking about the, you know, the kid with a great arm at the Piper high and they're
talking about the odds and now they're going to cover and what's the number on this
game.
I'm going to tell you something, man.
It's it's ponderous.
It is so tedious.
Well, what's the formula to think the heat need?
Which formula to think to, you know, you know, something.
If those were the worst problems that we had in the world, if those were the things
that really, uh, all we had to occupy our mind was that crap.
Wouldn't that be fantastic?
They're trying, they're putting people out of business and sunrise.
They're putting business people working people out of business and sunrise because they
don't like their neon or their cardboard signs inside the window.
That's the American way.
And that's part of the problem of this repressive goddamn backwood society that doesn't know,
the chips of goddamn bunch of freaks.
You know, last, I channel surf and yesterday afternoon.
Here's MSNBC and now we know where they're going.
Now that the, because they're all throwing in the towel because after tomorrow, I guess
it's going probably be tomorrow morning.
In fact, they were going to originally have it five o'clock tonight, but because these
speeches are going on, there's a chance it may drag over tomorrow and we'll have it
like the right live here on the year.
The actual vote.
As if we don't already know the outcome.
So now they're moving on to Mike Tyson and they got some illiterate, dark, conflicted
box around here screaming at this prosecutor from Maryland, carrying on like a lunatic and
they've got, I'm sure you wouldn't know.
You've maybe you've never heard the name, Bert Sugar who writes for the boxing magazine
letter.
Here's one of these old times.
Looks like a throwback like 50 years ago, okay?
With a big hat and a glasses.
He's a silly person and his whole life is boxing.
And he's never met a boxer who he didn't glorify.
Glamour.
See, the gutsy sports people like Kosoa years ago, they had the guts decided that boxing
was barbaric and grotesque.
Even a guy like Kosoa who got famous because of his coverage of boxing and his association
with Muhammad Ali.
And despite of that, he had the guts before he cropped to say, it's barbaric and it's
got to stop.
It's a bunch of crap.
If you could just see this man, Bert Sugar would tell you everything you need to know about
the sports nerds.
Just to look at him, forget about what he had to say.
Bert Sugar.
I was getting like a diabetic overdose just watching his push on there.
A silly, silly person defending the indefensible.
Forget about the fact that he was on probation from Indiana and violated his probation which
he may get more.
Just forget about that, okay?
They're picking on him because he's my Tyson.
They got his attorney on there.
Another Jew attorney defending him, of course, which I was embarrassed by.
Can't beat that gator meat.
Are you in search of a high paying temporary job at tick of the rules and regulations that
govern the civilized business world?
Then perhaps you should join the other thugs at the LaTrell Spree Well Temporary Service.
At the LaTrell Spree Well Temporary Service, you'll be trained in the fine art of employer
worker relationships by Mr. Spree Well himself.
They say for instance, some fake fake fake it.
As is you to send the facts.
Oh, you just smiled.
Rip the machine out to wall.
Tell them little kids.
You'll also be schooled in Mr. Spree Well's revolutionary computer technique.
Now someone asks you if you know how to use Windows.
You reply.
I sure say I'll know how to throw you dumb ass out of one.
In best of all, the LaTrell Spree Well Temporary Service teaches all its employees Mr.
Spree Well's time tested salary negotiation methods.
What you get your hands run next?
You guy constant pressure.
This is not the season's your way.
Employees at the LaTrell Spree Well Temporary Service can make as much as $17.3 million
every two years with five months off to run people off the road with your elected.
Oh, hey, man, you're just getting my trouble.
Kill you.
The LaTrell Spree Well Temporary Service called today and went through his boxing career
start, by the way.
It's 11.02 at 5.60.
We went into the break.
Every line on the board was lit and I said to him, Plink, Plink.
It was like playing Plink a lot of prices right.
Watching him go out.
Two open lines in day two and Broward.
Here's a lady in Halendale.
Hello.
Lady in Halendale.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Yes, I just call to tell you how much that I enjoy your radio sessions.
Well, my boy for any lessons to all the time, it seems that no matter when I try to turn the channel,
it always ends up back to you.
You must be doing something right.
Yeah.
Well, why do you try to change the channel?
Well, why do I try to change the channel?
Because I'm usually cooking in the kitchen, so I don't have to hear any bichon.
Right?
What does that mean?
Well, so, seeing my boyfriend and I want to ask him to marry me.
Would it be a mistake if he could turn off your radio station?
No, I think it would be a mistake if he said he would marry her.
I think that would be the mistake of bad mistake.
We have an open line in dayed, all three in Broward, 5.67.
And look at that, all three in Broward.
Look at that.
We're not going to gain calls from the Sunrise or on this issue here because there are no people on the
page of 100.
We have no listeners in Sunrise.
But he wants to make Sunrise the city beautiful.
They're worried about how it looks, about trying to put people out of business there.
That's what I'm pissed off about.
I don't expect that any of these people are going to be calling in here today.
Why the hell should they?
They're all over the 200 years old.
It's a death place.
But don't tell that to city manager Pat Solor.
In fact, maybe we can make a speaking or make it a match.
You can marry him off to Sunny Rosenberg from Hellendale.
That sounds like a good match to me.
We're talking crazy people is what we're talking about.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A thing to weigh my baby.
Yeah.
How you doing, Neil?
OK.
That time I called you, because I'm a way to trip to Italy.
And you told me where to go, Florence, Rome, etc.
And I had a great time.
It's been two weeks over there.
Now we're going to France.
Why?
I know.
I know.
I know you feel.
I've never been there.
I've got to check it out.
Go to Paris and I'm spending on how that is.
Well, you leave to the countryside or something.
And they were going to Holland.
And I was looking up a hotel.
It's called the Winston Hotel.
I don't know if you've stayed there.
You've heard it.
You've never heard of it.
OK.
Winston takes good like a hotel.
We'll have a great time, Paulo.
Can't call us on our next travelogue.
We have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Lemieux.
Here's the crawl strings.
Hello.
Oh, the fuck.
Hi.
Are you there?
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
I'm sorry, Neil.
I'm going to call you first off on your phone.
Well, maybe your priority is strained out of here.
We're going to get a good guy.
First off on your poll question.
Anything's better than Gaudi.
Except that maybe Chris, you know who.
OK.
And second thing, I did learn one thing off of your show.
I finally learned why in the Senate they even bother taking votes when the Democrats put in an amendment or anything that they want passed.
But the Republicans never passed it.
I finally realized why they even put a tool vote.
And that's because they put a tool vote.
And that's because they put the motion in the basket.
Have a good day, Neil.
Open line and day one and Broward.
566-05-60-Pomphite.
Now, keep in mind he interrupted his very busy work day over there.
Whatever he was touching around with up there in the squirrel springs.
He interrupted that.
I guess they're probably making munitions up there, something like that.
Uh-huh.
To come on the phone and cheer that was.
Thank you very much, sir.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, this is Dick and the bottom line for all of this stuff is.
For all of what stuff?
All the Tyson stuff with that virtue from a box and stand on the shame to say.
And everybody's out to put a buck in their pocket, including our representatives in Washington.
It's all about money.
The guy who has all the power is the guy who gets all the money.
I look at the show all the time when I like it.
I'm not about to keep it because I don't have any material.
Okay, that's obvious.
Okay.
Open line of Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I think this is the week they ran out of material every week when I think that maybe they just completely run out.
Then we have like a little lull for a few days.
And then all of a sudden like, I really make a big comeback for like five minutes.
Six cases of typhoid reported by the way, public health, don't panic, health officials say.
How do you like that?
In Miami-Dade counties they call it.
Why did they do that?
Another example of how stupid it is down here.
Miami-Dade County.
Does anybody with a brain call it Miami-Dade County?
No.
Of course not.
State County.
I don't care what the LA call it.
It's like Chicago Cook County.
Right?
Like Detroit Wayne County.
Same kind of thing.
Same concept.
Stupid.
Stupid idiotic.
Now I read this in both papers this morning.
I'm a little bit confused.
I was asking George about it.
It's a very delicate subject.
It says typhoid is an infection of the intestines and sometimes the bloodstream caused by salmonella bacteria.
How is it spread?
By eating food or drinking liquids contaminated by the stool of an infected person.
Eating food or drinking liquids contaminated by the stool of an infected person.
I don't want to get too graphic about that.
But I'm accent myself how do you eat foods or drink liquids that are contaminated by the of another person.
Do we have an epidemic of people in your lunch now?
Is that it?
In your soda?
Oh, sorry.
Huh?
Sure, so I don't get that.
Is it possible we might have a little bit of a sanitation problem somewhere in Dave County?
I don't think I want to single out any parts of town.
Symptoms fever as high as 103 or 104 for longer than two or three days.
Fatigue, weakness, stomach pains, headache, loss of appetite, flat rose colored spots on the chest or abdomen.
A dry cough, constipation, and rarely diarrhea.
If you have the symptoms, you'll see a doctor immediately and then check here I would redo my diet.
This is what I think I would do.
I mean, even after I got cured, if I had typhoid, I would probably rethink what I would be putting in my mouth from here on in.
Because let me say it again, if it's spread by eating food or drinking liquids contaminated by the stool of an infected person.
Now maybe they're not talking about that kind of stool.
Maybe they're talking about like the one you sit on like in a bar.
Huh?
Because they, there's the old thing about picking up germs on a toilet seat.
And we have these people that, if that doesn't bug the hell out of me, you go into a public toilet and there's some jackass has taken a whole bunch of either toilet paper or tissue and put it on the seat because he's so paranoid.
And then instead of like throwing it down there before he flushes and getting rid of it, he leaves it there.
Right?
Do you want to have to posky around with somebody's tissue that he's stuck on the seat, especially after he picks his rectum off it and doodles on out of there?
No.
Okay, asshole.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to hose it down.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's my day up to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It will rub it on by the ground.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try and clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, where?
I switch my baby in my legs, I say, dog, where?
I like to dance around his waist.
Oh, he's all the loves quiet today.
I said, oh, baby.
I want to look more like a wolf or a...
My name is Pablo Villor.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more viseki.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my pp in.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I've got my skin soon, ibionically.
I don't want to get too graphic with this typhoid thing.
Let me just read one paragraph that I find a little bit disconcerting about.
And maybe one of the reasons that a lot of us don't live in date?
A disease more commonly seen in developing nations.
Isn't that a great term?
In other words, in scumbag places.
Typhoid, most often spreads through food or liquids contaminated with bacteria.
Sickens about 10 people a year in date county,
with many of its victims having brought the bug back as a souvenir from globe trotting.
As if maybe they got the trots.
However, none of the people stricken with the illness in the past month had been out of the country recently.
So if they had been out of the country recently and these are turd world nations,
then they must have gotten it right here, right in Miami-Dade County.
Speaking of third world nations.
Wow, any banana boat.
There's a lot.
I mean, it's not.
There are only six cases so far.
And they say, don't panic.
But you better watch what kind of...
You're reading these days, okay?
Eat only good...
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I saw Alan Tell for the first time in my life last night on court TV.
How depressing.
He looks exactly like Pinocchio.
Yeah.
With all the makeup he had on...
What was Alice doing on there?
Well, Alice and a couple of television...
Television correspondents talk show hosts.
We're talking with Johnny Cochrane about this, that, and the other concerning the court proceedings against the president.
And...
Johnny Cochrane, what has he got to do with it?
He has a show on quite a lot of that.
I know that. Yeah, how sad.
I thought he was busy.
We're worried about...
What's his name now about Tony Martin?
Oh, yeah, for sure.
I don't know who that is.
Well, I just wanted to throw something out for you.
He's using all of your colloquialisms, all of your Yiddish and your symbol with that.
How many are...
Alice, Quarantello, is still even out there in LA using all of my stick?
I don't know.
Were you aware that he was using your stick?
Where do you think he started?
Who do you think unfortunately put him on here at WS News?
No, I have to cast for it to put him on here 20 years ago.
I know. I know.
I've been listening both of you for that period of time.
Right. But anyhow, it sounded really strange coming out of his mouth.
Coming out of a little Wapla Kimson, especially on court TV, they were probably going...
Oh, yes.
Well, thanks for the good news, sir.
All right.
And give your best to Alice.
Oh, God. 2D Foodie Alice is out of here again.
We have an open line at date, 56670560.560.
All the great talent that's come out of this market over the years.
Oh, yeah.
All the great big gigantic talent like Phil Henry and Phil Henry and Phil Henry.
Huh? I'm talking about, you know, around the rest of the country now.
Phil Henry.
And here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Did you mention Phil Henry?
Oh, yeah. Phil Henry.
Yeah, he's pretty good.
Are you sure? Positive.
Listen, I'm a board member of the Sunrise Shimmer Commerce.
We're exchanging last night.
I can't go into the details of that meeting.
However, this thing about four inch fine.
Yeah.
Each owner of the business in Sunrise was mailed in their water bill.
A little notification.
Oh, yeah. It says that in the story.
But of course, nobody in their right mind reads the question.
They're in with your water bill.
They hide it and they're knowing that nobody's going to read it.
Right. They toss it.
Then they notify people of the meetings, the commission meetings.
Of course, nobody's going to go to that either.
Right.
So now...
Well, yeah. They advertised it in the newspaper,
which of course, nobody would read those notices either.
Nobody cares about that.
Right.
They sent out letters to each business owner.
Right.
And they tossed them to us.
Now, net is scrambling, figuring out that they're going to have to find just about every business
in Sunrise on university drive.
So they're going to have to come up with something else.
Right.
It's great publicity for each business.
If I was business owner and somebody came to my door and said,
you've got to change your sign, I'd be on the phone with the herald in everybody else.
Right.
So, go ahead and get some more.
I say that everybody in Sunrise had a go over and patronize the...
What is this?
It's a dry cleaning place.
patronize one price cleaners, 8925 West Oakland Park Boulevard.
There you go.
That's how you started out.
This guy's going to get more publicity.
It's going to be worth that fine that he's going to get every day.
And they're not going to find him at the end anyway.
Okay.
People need to go to the meeting this time and let everybody know that...
Yeah.
Well, you know where Pat's a learner about that four inches, don't you?
That's a great day.
Do it down.
Come on.
Yeah.
He didn't want any signs bigger than his...
So anyway, O'Marice, we're a Demarice.
Whatever your name is.
We heard we're on your side.
She looks like a nice upstanding lady.
Never saw a freight train.
Dry cleaning, men's work, shirts, laundry.
In fact, I'll tell you what.
Everybody in Sunrise, they want a free plug on his show.
Just drop me a note or a fax or a letter or something.
Anybody that's got neon.
I love neon signs.
Anybody that's like neon signs is a moron.
What's...
I'm not talking about, you know, big glitzy like Las Vegas.
They're going to be garish.
I mean, I don't mean in Vegas.
You like that because it's part of the ambiance here.
I can understand that.
Although quite frankly, not really.
I like big garish neon signs.
What's wrong with that?
That's a day.
Especially in a dumpy place like Sunrise with all the dead people.
How about the neon signs in Sunrise Lake?
Awww!
Those old parts don't even notice them.
They're all walking around with their dark sunglasses on.
Driving their big continentals in the Cadillac,
the big Duke canoes, all of her Sunrise Lakes Boulevard,
hitting everything in sight.
Let's patronize one price cleaners, 89.25 West Open Park Boulevard.
Go in there and say, hey, we love you.
The Marissa were on your side and say, uh, just F&A to, uh, to you.
And especially just say the F-part to a Pat Salerno,
the city manager in Sunrise, a jackass, an idiot.
Two open lines in date, 5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Sunrise again. Hello.
How are you?
Okay.
I'm alive in Sunrise.
And I agree with everything you're saying.
Yeah.
And the thing is, I live off of Sunrise,
I live off of University Drive.
Oh!
I can get to work.
I live off of, two of the places I work are off Sunrise,
or a University Drive.
And one of them I can walk to, the third one I can walk to.
The thing is, if every merchant in Sunrise refuses to pay the fine
or refuses to take down their sign, what do you have to do?
And then, look at all the revenue they're going to lose from licenses,
and taxes, as all these guys leave Sunrise,
they're shooting themselves in the foot.
If they have to walk together and refuse to do anything,
and leave everything in the way it is,
what Sunrise is going to do?
They're going to kick everybody up.
Well, they're going to do at the Sawgrass Mall.
There's no neon in the Sawgrass Mall.
There's tons of neon in the Sawgrass Mall.
Absolutely.
And there's going to be more when they open that new section.
You know, Walgreens, right on the Sunset Strip in University,
has it all signed the window?
Does it open 24 hours?
Take that down.
See if Walgreens complains about that.
Walgreens, they're sprouting up like mushrooms.
Right, every street corner, there's the Walgreens or renecards or both.
Right, and you don't think they're big enough to exercise a little influence on the...
They have a L-Telts, Pat's...
They'll tell Pat to learn the stick it.
Absolutely.
And they should.
Right.
Twice.
That's my opinion.
Okay, good luck, sir.
There you go.
He lives in Sunrise, which we apologized him for that fight.
I'm sorry.
Because once you get...
You know, there's that demarcation line uploaded this many times before.
You get...
As you're going north on University, you get to Sunrise Boulevard.
And once you get north of Sunrise Boulevard, the average age increases triple.
The average age goes from like 40 to 120.
Immediately.
As soon as you hit that spot, there's that fun rockers on one side and a gas station on the other side.
And as soon as you get north of that intersection at Sunrise and University,
you can hear...
Oh!
Just be reverberating all...
Just roll down your window.
You'll hear it.
You can smell it.
Two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it wasn't in Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, but I'm all the way out here in Plantation Broward now.
Why don't they just call it Banana Boat County down there?
I mean, that's two words.
Should start a science.
I had a statement regarding your gambling situation.
You talk about it, Kathleen, a lot.
Yeah.
Like a gambling show.
Well, it's not like a gambling show.
It is a gambling show.
Not like a gambling show.
It is strictly, positively, only a gambling show.
If you happen to be a fan who's interested in the scores, you'll still find the scores out,
but that's not what it's intended for.
Yeah, I have my $5, $10 bet.
That's my idea of gambling.
I'll stay small time like that.
But one thing I was wondering is, what about all the stocks you have?
All that is is legalized gambling.
Yeah.
I couldn't agree more, but like you said, legalized gambling.
Legalized?
In Nevada, it's legal, also.
But we're not in Nevada.
Okay, so it's fucking...
And I guarantee that the overwhelming majority of people who listen to the station for odds
aren't making their bets on those cruise ships that go three miles outside the limit and bet can't.
Listen, I'm not a goody-two shoes.
I'm all four gambling.
I love gambling.
It's a good time, okay?
But to go on a year and have gambling shows, promoting illegal gambling,
it's like the newspapers putting the odds on, and then slapping us in the face and telling us,
oh, well, most of the people who are sports fans and don't even bet,
they care about the point spread.
I mean, that's the dumbest and most stupid idiotic thing.
Yeah, that's true.
Nobody who's a sports fan stays up until 2.30 in the morning to find out if Philadelphia beat the Anaheim last night.
They, you know, get up the next morning.
They turn on their sports channel or CNN or EISPN and they see the score.
Unfortunately, I think there might be a few people like that.
And that's the sad thing.
And you're right.
There might be a few people like that.
Yeah.
There are millions of people like that.
If they weren't millions of people like that, this radio station would have been off the year long time ago.
We've been playing Hungarian, Missouri, and the Zirkas the rest of the day.
All right. Let's talk about something else.
College sports.
Okay. You always talk about, you know, if you're a fan of college sports.
So, you say it's for amateur people.
It's for the student body who go to that particular college or a competing school.
Or it's for alumni to have a passing interest in.
But people who are like obsessed with it, who are like adults, yes, they have no life.
They're juvenile.
But I mean, the reason why I like college football, much better than pro football, is I watch these younger people out there playing their hearts out.
Instead of being contaminated by these millions of dollars.
That's why they leave at the end of their second or third year and they go to the draft.
That's like Edger and James.
That's right. Because he be able to make a lot of money.
They're not contaminated by this.
Sir, you're living in a self delusionary state.
Right? College athletes.
They don't get tainted by this.
Okay. We have two open lines in Howard one and date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 2 wireless lines.
That is fast enough good. It's great.
I want you all out for tonight.
I do not want to see your smile because I'm not in the darkness.
When I'm doing something high to you.
I'm in the darkness.
I love that.
I love that.
I'm pretty one of five 60 W.
How many college athletes you think would be playing whatever sport they're playing if they didn't want to be corrupted by the big money of professional sports?
Do you think there'd be any?
No.
Three or four.
So anyway, somebody's fact almost forgot about this.
This is too good to let slide.
So this big. Somebody faxed me a great bit.
This is from a morning show on WBAM FM in Chicago where they play a game called mate match.
What they do is the DJ on the area.
He opens up the phone line and some Jack asked calls in and he asked them when the last time was they had sex with their wife or girlfriend or whatever.
Then they call up the wife or girl.
It's like the dating game.
They're matched whatever they call out dating game.
So anyway, a guy named Brian calls in and they ask him the whole song in advance about when the last time he had with his wife, whose name is Sarah.
And he says eight o'clock this morning and her mother was visiting but she was in the shower and they had sex eight o'clock this morning.
How long did the last about ten minutes?
And he says, okay, the last question.
The winner, if you win the contest, if he matches his answers, you get a all expense paid trip for to the Disney World.
So, okay, where did you have this sex of this morning on the kitchen table is Brian's answer.
Okay, now that EJ calls up Sarah gets her on the phone.
Tells her what it's all about.
I'm going to win a trip for to the Disney World.
All expenses paid if you match Brian's answers.
And the DJ says, all right, when did you have sex last, Sarah?
Sarah says, oh God, Brian, this morning before Brian went to work.
DJ says, what time?
Sarah says about eight o'clock, I think.
Sound effect.
Thinking, then you're right.
DJ, very good.
Next question.
How long did it last?
Sarah, 12, 15 minutes.
DJ, that's close enough.
We'll give it to you.
Next question.
The last question.
This is the third and deciding question.
If they're going to win the trip to Disney World.
Where did you do it?
Sarah yells out, oh my God, Brian, you didn't tell them that, did you?
Brian says, just tell them, honey.
DJ, what's bothering you so much, Sarah?
Sarah says, well, it's just that my mom is vacationing with us and she saw.
Sarah says, Brian, no, no, I didn't think she saw.
Okay, ease up there.
Sister, just messing around with your head.
Your answer, dear Lord, I can't believe you told him this.
Come on, honey, it's for a trip to Florida.
Let's go. We haven't got all day.
Where did you do it?
Sarah's answer.
Keep in mind, Brian's answer was on the kitchen table.
Sarah's answer in the answer.
Oh, I'm just what they got the trip.
I'm scared for Sarah's ride, okay?
I thought that was appropriate after love, doogie style.
I was nice going there, Sarah.
Well, at least she gave them an honest answer.
Dr. Damm near, kill them.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Good. I'm fellow plantation acres, resident.
Yes, sir. We're pretty close to sunrise.
I hope it don't seep over to us.
Yeah, they're contagious, I think.
Hey, I had a shameless request because I have some friends in from out of town, family.
If you could play Dick and Siders for me.
Okay.
I'd really appreciate it.
I will do it, sir.
Thanks. Thanks, Dale.
See you in sunrise.
See you.
Watch out for Neon Dion.
He's going to be hanging out.
I guess they could kick his ass out of there too if he ever comes back.
Neon Dion.
There's another great role model for you.
We have an open line today, five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless.
I've got Hank Goldberg at two.
I guess upstairs in the studio today without no TV set without no direct TV.
And then we got the six o'clock tonight because boot work this morning.
We got the Josh and Jason going to be doing a kiddie a sports talk from six to seven.
Seven o'clock.
We got the pregame Panthers at Ottawa tonight.
A gigantic game, a humongous game.
Panthers at Ottawa.
You'll hear it tonight or just watch it on TV.
Here's sunrise. Hello?
Yes sir.
Hi my name is Mike.
I'm the owner of Coin Tlazers Incorporated on University Drive.
Yes sir.
And I got a message for Pat Solano and his little Nazi cohorts.
Yes.
We're not taking our signs down.
All right.
Nice going Mike.
They can through us, they can close us down.
Whatever will battle it in court.
Sir, we're on your side.
I'll tell you that we will join in.
Fight scream.
How are you?
Do anything?
We have hudu dolls of a panthers.
We're no distributed.
Is that the reason we moved to sunrise?
Seven years ago was the fact that we could put signs in a window because we were initially looking to call springs.
And they wouldn't allow it.
But we open our business in sunrise.
We've been here for seven years.
This is the same city that forces us to buy two occupational licenses every year for the same thing.
And we're just not going to do it.
I don't have neon, but I do have a professionally spent window.
And with the elderly people, especially in my business,
it's about businesses with elderly people.
Right.
They can't see the store signs.
That's right.
You're going to have big, big signs.
That's right.
Good point.
And we've been servicing the community for seven years paying taxes and we're not going to be forced to change our ways.
Excellent.
And if they want to close us down, they can close us down and we're fighting court.
Okay. Good luck, Mike.
Okay. Thanks, Dale.
See how do you like that?
We're doing it, baby.
Fighting the fascist up there in the sunrock.
It's a lie.
I am not.
I'm not saying that.
You're likely story, Pat.
So learn how you and your cohorts shame on you.
Oh, the signs can't be bigger than four inches.
The letters.
Yeah.
And this guy makes a good point.
Those old people in the sunrise.
It's got to be a lot bigger than four inches for him to see it.
I was taking a leak at Pompedo Park last week.
And it was an old cogear at the year you were an Alex to me.
And I said, you see this?
And he said, no.
Under four inches.
We have an open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the 18.
Well, it was a little survey I was doing because I knew being psychic.
I knew we were going to be deeply into this.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Just a quick quick thought why the universe revolves around you.
You know, this big sex survey that came out yesterday.
Yeah.
They said no response on it all by the way.
None.
They said something that you've been saying forever.
The American people like the 13-year-olds.
All they ever do is think about sex but they never talk about it because they're afraid to.
It's just like a 13-year-old kid.
We would find out so much more about our sex lives.
Right.
A little bit more open and out of the world.
Because they've been brought up with these puritanical ideas and this business of its dirty.
Everything sexual, everything about the genitalia.
It's dirty.
Sex is dirty.
Your penis is dirty.
Your vagina is dirty.
I mean, this is crap.
It's total crap.
It's embarrassing.
I got to change here as well quick.
I know you're a big hockey fan.
You grew up with the maple leaf.
Yes, sir.
I am peeing my pants right now reading about Harold Bellard.
They have the 10 most infamous moments in Maple Leaf Garden history.
You know, he asked Roger Nielsen to stick a paper bag on his head because he had fired him during mid season.
Didn't have a guy to replace him.
And he said, Roger, listen, you got to help me out.
You got to come back.
He said, do me a favor, put the paper bag on because everybody would be know.
You know, you want to know who the new head coach is and then you'll take the bag off.
Roger's got to get to the bottom.
That's Harold Bellard.
And you know, something that Roger's case, he would look better with a bigger equipment.
Because, you know, he's a real ladies man, I understand.
Harold was?
No, no, no, no.
Niel was right.
Yeah, Roger, that's what I'm reading.
When I heard that when he was living with someone, Rimmer said that I fell out of my chair.
Was that incredible?
Unbelievable.
Listen, last thing.
What is the problem?
There was a real ladies man, by the way.
Not any more.
Not too good now.
I'll tell you something.
Hockey has more history than baseball, basketball, football, put together.
That's why I was so excited to find a Leafs game on last night on the small disc.
Because they had all the, even after the game was over there, another half hour and all the stuff.
In fact, tonight, if you got the big dish, anybody, seven o'clock on CBC,
special on the last game in Maple Leaf Gardens coming off Saturday.
It fits here that he took the gondola and dismantled it and threw it in a trash bin, basically.
He had a burnt.
I believe it.
And that foster Jew, it was so outraged that he called Clarence Campbell to say, you got to tell us, got to stop it.
They even think that the banners that were hanging up in the, in the, in the raptors that he gave to painters to use
as drop cloth so they can paint over.
Yeah.
That's a freak.
Got a freak.
Okay.
Thanks, Bill.
Have a great day.
We have an open line of day five, six, seven.
See that there?
You watched that game last night.
Here's Maple Leaf Gardens, which still looks pretty good after all these 68 years.
And it's got all that, the class and all that character in that history.
And then you go to the Macarena, which is brand new and the shiny and all the problems that we've talked about
that nobody cares about.
And it's, I'm thinking this last night.
Nobody there is, if that place is there for a hundred years, it will never, ever have any character, any class, any atmosphere.
That's all history.
That's all history because they've taken it away from the people they destroyed that there's not even the ability for it to create that because there's different people in there all the time.
Because it's a big, expensive corporate.
And by the way, you know, I mean, that's interesting.
How about only, how about inside the Macarena?
How about on the windows there?
How about all the big neon signs that go with the some other perforatedia?
Huge neon signs, huh?
You think Wayne's gonna sit still for that?
No.
I'm taking a bullsh** on them.
Hey!
Hi! I'm Spike.
And you know what, I'm driving down Route 9W on a hot summer day.
Me and the listeners always stop at Dickens.
Dickens Fruit State.
They've got everything from fruit to vegetables, homemade pies, but there is nothing like their cider.
Ain't that right, honey?
Uh-huh.
Dickens' cider.
Yes, sir.
Why even though we were late in the church last Sunday?
She had to have a little dickensider.
She says the ring of the black.
Even my minister says this is why I can enjoy a little dickensider now and then.
Hey, why don't you bring some home and offer dick to plastic rib bottles?
That way it'll stay fresh.
Or you can lick it and sit a while and have some hard dickensider.
It's good, it lures.
Good and dinner.
And there's nothing like waking up with a dickensider.
Dickens Fruit State.
Just to offer you a 19W and culture road 69.
Open 24 hours.
Because I have to throw a chillish summer night.
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot dickensider.
It's called the 46-550 WQ.
I'm at the risk of repeating something I said yesterday, but I'll do it anyway.
I'm at anyone who saw this story this because I've got it in my hand in the story too.
This fall wow story with this teletub because it's got a picture of a tinky winky.
The Reverend Jerry fall wow says teletubby tinky winky is a gay role model.
Anybody who would see that somebody a public figure would make this statement for public consumption.
Or would endorse a statement written in his newspaper, his national liberty journal.
And then defended.
Would say time for the rubber coats.
Time for the white guys.
I don't like the white guys or the dark guys usually it's dark guys.
You know, I can cool who's next.
Remember that. Why is that?
Let's have big black guys there to, you know, restrain all those out of control white folks.
Here's Evan Ture. Hello.
Hello, man.
Yes, sir.
I know big black guys.
Yeah, okay.
Okay. Whatever you say.
Okay.
With your phony accent.
How long do you work on that?
Open line and date one and Broward five six seven.
There's so many pathetic sad people out there.
Thank God we've got these shows to give them an outlet.
I'm serious. We're doing a tremendous public service.
You don't have, you don't realize you don't even scratch the surface of it.
What a enormous cubic service we do for these bastards.
Pathetic no life, low lives.
Wait for an eternity.
We just sit there holding it and then they're on for like three seconds.
And that's their three seconds of fame.
Bye, sure got him.
Yeah, sure got me.
Well, I don't even know if I'm going to be able to come back in here tomorrow.
I'll give it a shot.
Open line and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Sure told him a thing or two.
Here's water here. Hello.
I hope some flow away all the old people would climb in there.
Like give me the whistle.
Okay. Like I said, two open line.
You couldn't even hear him.
That was the best part.
He's doing his stick and you can't even hear it.
And he's in water here like he's got some claim to fame five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
All right, nice to know that there's one white guy in water here.
That's good.
Just to be a token, I guess.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, I am.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
You know, why don't you talk about some hot TV topics like you know,
some sex or some, you know.
Yeah.
Why don't you talk about this?
I mean, what do you want to talk about?
So you're obviously again, you're another one of these people that have been talking about for two days now who listens to the show,
but for whatever reason we haven't figured out yet, but you're not happy.
You're not happy with what we're talking about.
You're not happy with what we're talking about.
You don't like this show.
What would you like to talk about, sir?
You talk about politics.
You talk about sports.
Why don't you talk about some hot TV topics?
Like what?
Like what would you like to talk about?
Like like some time back a month ago, you were talking about, you know,
sex, hybrid, sex, panic, or sex.
What about sex?
Sex what?
Sex topics amongst sex.
Such as what?
Are you under sex?
You're not giving any of that the problem you turn on your radio to hear about sex.
No, I'm in that next month.
I just want to make your show a little bit more interesting.
Oh, you want one?
I guess what?
Here's a way to do it.
Don't worry.
You'll never call it again.
That's the way to do it.
Long we head.
We have an open line of data.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60.
You wanted to make it a little more interesting.
You need to do it?
No.
Terminal.
Terminal.
In fact, I'm going to tell you the guy that was making guttable sounds from a lottery
hill.
He was great compared to your call, right?
Oh!
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yeah, I need help.
Like we need help.
Like I said, like all of a sudden this week I've said a search party out to find help because
we're dying over here.
They had a ratings party for the station based on my ratings and I need help from this
laundry.
Go ahead, sir.
Yeah, I'm in Coral Springs.
I'm a long time listener and listen to you at home.
I was a fan of your TV show too.
I'm sorry to take it all out of the air.
You can say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going
to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say,
I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going
to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to
say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to
say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to
say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm
going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I
I want to say, I want to say, I'm going to say, just do this, just do it, let's say, I want to say, I want to resign, just do it. So let's all do this. So let's just do this. Let's all do this, let's all do this. So let's all go, can you just do this. So I think, alright Um, look look, okay Rock finished, look Coalition quadrant two, you know, just do this. Good job back Lord.
And just you know, take the train and you can go to see the opponent and prepare for this walk. AndClick him and intensify his contract so this dude called me.
Oh, move the desk, move furniture.
No, maybe move some chairs would be alright.
Don't have to actually move them.
Now, are they?
See, that's another thing I'm trying to figure out.
Are they actually building, constructing new offices
for them upstairs?
They must be because obviously the whole concept of this
is knowing what a cheap-ass company this is.
They certainly don't want to pay any longer than they have to
for the office based on here on the second floor.
So we'll be up there in no time in our marginal new studios.
Well, and by the way, refrigerator Bob was here yesterday
was astonished in how small these rooms are.
Couldn't believe it.
It could actually get smaller.
Because on TV, I mean, you know, that visual TV always
plays tricks with the, you know, TV is nothing but
a visual trick anyway.
Because it made it look bigger in the police room.
And he looked in here at the marginal equipment
and the size of these two rooms and he said,
Oh my God.
Wow.
Can't get over it.
Yeah, they're getting a little loud back there
and they're going to start.
We have an open line in day five, six, seven,
oh, but not see they shut up real quick when I do that.
But why are they in there?
Papa, how many times you repeat the same stupid thing
over and over again?
The walls here are like paper mache.
They're paper thin.
They're like onion skin, like four skin, that thin.
And so if they want to hold their meat,
let them hold it down a hallway.
Out there in that middle room,
there were there's nothing in there,
but a bunch of old douche, whatever that crap is in there.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
Would it be nice to have purple rain for Jerry Fowell's
off on the beach?
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Jesus Christ.
That guy, by the way, was absolutely right about Barney.
I had forgotten about that.
I think what is it with this guy?
He's crazier than a bed bug and the people who are,
his disciples are crazier than a bed bug.
Well, it's like that hocus, pocus, old black magic.
And those are the people that give them their money.
The reason I called and let us not forget,
this is the same guy that condemned Orlando
to fire in Brimstone a couple of years back.
Remember, you said Orlando was going to be destroyed
by floods and tornadoes because it's in the...
That was Pat Robertson.
I thought this was Fowell.
No, no, that was Pat Robertson.
Another crazy bastard.
Oh God.
There's a brother's in arms.
And don't I think they know how to pick it on Orlando?
Yeah, I've got a four-year-old boy.
He could care less from Tel Aviv.
Yeah.
Well, if he comes home, starts carrying little purple purse
in his head.
No, he prefers Barbie.
Okay.
Yeah, see ya.
Okay.
We have an open line of data.
Okay, everybody's a faggot, okay?
Just for the benefit of Jerry Fowell,
well, we're all faggots.
George is a faggot.
I'm a faggot.
Greg Reed is a faggot.
Everybody, everybody in the world is a faggot, okay?
Except Jerry Fowell.
And who the hell would want to touch him anyway?
Maniacs, we're talking crazy, crazy people.
Just like this, why two K's?
I think it's a good thing these all things
are all colored up in the same week.
They're all popping up the same week.
Oh, the end times are coming.
We better go out there and stock up on our toilet paper
and our bottle of water and our can goods,
even though it's only from where the 11th.
Just once, just once in my life,
I'd like to spend like about six months
in a place with sane people,
which means definitely not in this country.
See, I really blew it when I had that opportunity
my seven months paid vacation if I would have been smart.
Not done, if I would have been smart,
I would have made arrangements people like,
forward me, my bills, taking my checkered account
forward me to checks and just not come back here at all
for those seven months.
And if my mother would have had a problem with that,
taking care of the dogs for that long period of time,
well, those two words keep coming back in nursing home,
keep popping into my mind.
Oh, I don't know what it is.
I wake up three in the morning and bed,
and I look around on those two words,
keep coming back in nursing home.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Only one God followed my career.
Only one God's open up their ears.
I'm screaming at where that friend next to.
And it's only one God thinking that's still cool.
Only one God can do my concert.
Only one God can do it in my future.
Oh, my God.
Just got my perfect.
Oh, my God.
You know what, boys, really like my job.
The other one else thinks I know flag and nerve.
I just keep starting to fancy let.
And you've never held me in for too many.
Oh, my God, you're bomb of duty.
Oh, my God, you're bomb of duty.
I know one of the great things about my God.
No one will ever throw me my God.
I'm driving to my road.
My God don't hesitate.
My God, stop giving me anything.
I'm going to find a security that is true again.
Only one God.
And I'm very, I want to give a very strong apology
to all our right-wing friends out there.
My sympathy, not an apology, but my deepest sympathies.
Because what are they going to do now?
Like after five o'clock this afternoon,
or if it happens tomorrow morning?
And they take the vote, which we already know
is going to be probably
on both counts, both the allegations.
No.
Then what are they going to do?
See, somebody faxes me a note here saying,
well, the best way to silence the foul walls
and bakers and these people is for the media to ignore them.
Wrong, absolutely wrong.
No, the fact is fact this should have been on the front page.
What incenses me is that it's on the fourth page
and little tiny article.
Because they ought to be dragged out of the closet
and shown for the assholes that they really are.
I mean, we're talking crazy people,
exploiting other folks because they're terrified of death.
Because they're terrified of the goblin,
the boogie man's out of the bed.
That's right.
The devil made you do it.
Just like Mike Tyson says,
you know, or what?
Oh, Eugene Robinson, I get them all confused, you know?
After what?
They all be kind of like blending into each other, so to speak.
Eugene, yeah, the devil got in my head.
Maybe that's why there was all that pressure in there, huh?
Squirt, squirt.
Here's a mobile informer, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Couple of things about Reverend Jerry.
He may, I don't know, but he may have something in mind
with this purple triangle thing
that he screwed off historically,
which is that the same way that not,
he's made the Jews were yellow stars.
Homosexual.
They were gay people, pink triangles.
They're trying exactly not purple.
So I don't even know if he knows that,
but if he does, he's got it wrong.
Yeah.
The other thing is I just wonder if the word gay
would offend him if we were to invite him to Florida.
So he could get cocking off in the on-bears.
Okay.
And have a great day.
Thank you very much.
Shock, shock from the sub-center.
Just brought my meatballs and cheese.
And I know that this is my aunt Kim's lunch,
which I thank him profusely for.
Dave County's dead, which we already knew that.
Well, they're all running around making sure to check
their field because they don't want to get that typhoid.
That story is astonishing to me.
And again, right, so right in the middle of my lunch,
just showed up here.
It would be a bad time to get back into that story again.
Oh, great.
Man, am I looking forward to this?
I like the cold cuts that Chef Salad, whatever you called it.
That was very good.
I think too many onions, I say.
Too many real hot spicy onions.
Wow.
Very, very hot.
Huh?
They were very hot.
Yeah, they were very.
I mean, which I love onions.
I'm a big onion man, but that was extremely...
Okay, open line and brown it and all three in data.
We're gonna go back to this again today.
Looks like it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Han 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
As the search for callers continues,
the search is specially for new callers
who might actually have something to say.
Even if they don't have anything to say.
How about the search for new factors also?
I mean, it's just so ponderous.
Talk about stale and old man.
That's the deal in this town.
Stale and really...
Oh!
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
The facts number, by the way,
if you want to faxes and you're a new factor,
faxes anything.
No matter how ridiculous it is,
305, 650, 0198.
But would that be a breadth of fresh air instead of these?
I mean, you think that the callers you hear,
the repetitive voices, not just on this show,
but on all the shows.
It's always been that way for years.
But the fax machine just spews out the same unending
sea of never-ending crap from the same people.
The same half dozen people, basically.
Here's the mobile in deer field.
Hello?
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Neal, how do you think the eater
gonna adjust for the injury to match for a day?
Why do you ask him to be a wise guy?
No, I'm not interested.
We don't talk about the heat on this show.
Is it sports talk?
No, it's not.
This is not sports talk.
Of course not.
It's another one, you show,
which you already knew that.
Yeah, yeah, right, likely stirring.
I didn't know that.
What a jackass.
Open line in the Broward 2 and Dave,
5, 6, 7, see what I'm saying about these sports callers?
I'm serious, man.
They're even on our worst days,
like yesterday, which was right in the running
for all time, on the worst days.
There's nothing that we hear that's more pathetic
than these sports calls.
How do you think?
I don't know.
I don't even if I were interested in it,
which I'm not.
How the hell would I know how they're gonna do?
What's the point of talking about it?
Should they're in grab yourself?
Okay, might even feel good,
but you're being more productive.
I think either calls before.
Do I think the pants
are gonna catch Carolina?
How the hell do I know?
If I knew that, I'd be on a Kaplan's gambling show.
Might be plunging my brains out.
Steadig in all of a sudden,
because the damn Dow is up 80 points or whatever it is.
How's the market doing?
Let's call up Rick Rowley and see how the market is doing.
Now is of 71, the NSXF 63.
Oh, and at Alan Greenspan with a big nose,
he's talking to China.
Say something good, Alan.
He must have, because it's going up for a change.
Thank God.
Everybody go out and buy stocks.
Okay, I'll give you a list.
I need the money.
Here's the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Jerry Fowles is missing a point.
I mean, doesn't he realize that he should focus on
like Barbie and Kim, those two dolls
and have a premarital sex for 20 years?
Yeah, they're doing it, right.
And just so that your lines light up,
aren't you giving away like 24 tickets
to the next Panther's game?
No.
Have a great day of college.
Okay, little life.
Open line and day one and Broward.
Oh, this is good.
I'm sticking with my meatballs and shoes, you know?
Although she sends me about 15 pounds of them.
It's great, Nesey.
I love you.
You're the best, but not quite so heavy next time.
Okay. Like I said, it's about 30 pounds of it here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 1.
There is.
You know, it's having enough for the killer horse
to some out here.
I mean, killing us with kindness.
Don't overdo it, sweetheart, especially in my case.
I'm still a little porkey side.
A little bit.
Not like Bukshambi, but a little on the porkey side.
That's one thing about working in this place.
I never realized with all the other problems they got here.
Makes me feel almost skinny.
Yeah, you're about average.
That's right.
In fact, I'm lately.
I'm like almost under average as far as my rotund of these concerned.
Because we got lots and lots.
And then when we saw the beast, my sir, what do you call him?
The the freak?
What is his nickname?
The beast.
The beast.
Yeah.
The will the beast?
Man, oh man, he's just a monster in the industry.
Where would they find all this fat?
And then when they brought you a fire in here,
oh, by the way, there's John penis.
Thanks for the old steel copy, John.
This John penis, well, what a comedian he is.
Now, it's hype up some stuff from a year ago and put it on a new sheet with new data on it.
You're not full of me, John.
It's a good guy, but he's a sales hole.
So he's a full of crap.
This is an out, this is unbelievable.
This is old swill.
I could recite this verbatim from whatever paid you copied it off of.
But at least it's only four minutes long.
Thank you.
And I'm sure I don't think so.
We're staying schools.
Don't go out on your own.
Thanks, honey.
There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see.
See, he boasts with the G.D.D.
When nothing's on pairs to the marvelous feeling of making butter patties stick to the ceiling,
smoking in the bathroom, making out in the hall, or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodge ball.
Yeah, I remember that.
The throw of paper was with a fire alarm.
Blow up the toilet with a cherry farm.
The dice that could frog in biology class.
Find yourself a nerd and win the game.
But you'll be a hit in chemistry when you make a class of bachelor's.
I'll start up with why you milk out your nose when you go to school with anything goes to stay in school.
Don't go out on your own.
There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do at home.
Search all around, but you won't see.
See, he boasts with the G.D.D.
Search all around, but you won't see.
See, he boasts with the G.D.
Pro 15 to 560 WQ.
Maybe it's just me.
Maybe it's only me and George.
Because George is the anti sports guy anyway.
He doesn't like sports, hate sports watching.
I understand.
Okay, that's what we're talking about.
But I bought my life in a pretty big sports band.
But the dialogue, if I can, I use that term loosely.
The dialogue that I hear these idiotic stupid idiotic repetitive calls over and over again from the same 150 or 200 people.
Well, what are your thoughts on what do you think Pat Riley can do with that hair problem?
What do you think Jimmy really is thinking about?
Very, very sad.
It's enough to make me cry really.
Here's a mobile in four-letter.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Don't you think that every truck bigger than a pickup truck should have one of these?
How's my driving times on the back?
Because I'll tell you.
I was head of south on a 95 this morning and it was pouring rain.
I couldn't see a darn thing.
I was doing 55s.
And this big, big old truck passes me about 80 miles an hour and it's about wiping it out.
I mean, that'll be a log attack.
That's one thing.
Another thing is, is it true that your little government interest in a run for president?
Is it true that he's what?
He's going to run for president with the...
Okay, they have an open line in day one in Broward.
567-0560 and pound-560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was reading an article a couple months ago about North Miami ordinances and it was about a dairy queen.
And I passed the dairy queen to...
I'm a way to F. Are you over there?
I know a few dairy queens.
What's that?
Yeah.
No, no, I'm not a queen.
I'm a king.
I'm putting it anyways.
They were saying how you need to...
That they wanted him to take down that cone.
And he was saying, well, look, I know it's a dairy queen and people think I'm a national chain,
but I own this story.
You know, it's...
And I'm a franchise story.
And he said, I'm going to lose my shirt, he said.
And I mean, he went over like...
And you really can't see it unless it had that cone out in front of it.
And he said, they have to take down the cone because you can't have a sign over...
I think it was like three feet or something.
And I just...
Next I'll be trying to make a get rid of the cone of pizza love.
Well, I just thought it was absolutely ridiculous because you really...
It would blend right.
You couldn't see this place.
Let me just tell you this.
All of this crap.
I mean, I can understand if somebody wants to put up some growth test monstrosity,
especially in a residential neighborhood.
But why should anybody care?
As long as the things are attractive, as long as they look neat,
as long as they're interesting, what difference does it make?
I agree.
And it's not like...
It's like I've told you a million times before.
This is the land of people who have nothing else to do,
so they have to run around, try to make everybody's life as miserable as possible,
trying to impress us with what big shots they are.
No, I agree.
So he has some naked picture out there saying, oh, we felt smart here.
And I mean, even that, I don't care anyway.
You know, but they should be able to do what they want.
But he's got an ice cream cone, and they're like, well, it's over 3 feet.
He said, that's how people know that we're here.
And I agree, and I just don't think it's there.
Neil, one other thing?
Yes, sir.
Shameless request?
I'm listening.
All right.
What is it?
560 WQAM School Broadcasting?
I'll work on it.
All right. Thanks.
Have a great day.
I'll think about it.
That's our other poll question today, by the way.
Which comedy bits have the audience destroyed by requesting them over and over?
Like a gun should be good, for example.
And like Jack in the box.
And the bridge tender and young Neil and Ross, the Jew, the Duan Stomp.
Oh, well, that's ancient.
They even forgot about that.
We're going to make a list in the second four or five hundred times that the CEO has been audience.
Because you know, a lot of these things are very, very funny, but somebody's buying you know, my in-laws are in town.
And they did well.
Good. Have a great time.
Okay.
Open line of date.
560, 705, 60, 05, 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Long time first time.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I want to have a comment about the show here.
Tuesday I was listening.
You had George on.
Correct?
For a half an hour, yeah.
What's up with that?
What's up with one?
I need to work.
How long have you been with you?
What does that mean?
The guy does not know how to put do a show.
Yeah.
And that's your opinion.
Everybody else is working with you.
95% of the other people seem to be.
I heard most of it going to the doctor.
I thought he did just fine.
Didn't bother me.
Oh, it sounded like a smothered brother.
Meaning what?
Morning.
So in other words, there was a half an hour that George did at the show.
Okay, that you didn't like.
I had to turn a dial.
Yeah.
And.
And what about it?
That's just, I think, you know, it's awful.
No, no, sir.
Let me say it to you again.
If you had to turn the dial and you did something else for 25 minutes or whatever, actually,
well, if you took the spots out for like 20 minutes, what difference does it make?
Is that going to disturb me?
Disturb my day.
It disturbed your day.
Well, all right.
Let's hear it.
Asshole.
What a jackass.
See, this is what we got out there.
You disturbed his day that he had to turn the dial.
He's chronic too.
No, he's just, he's, he's, he's, I wouldn't even dignify him.
I call him a cry.
He's just, he's an asshole.
Exactly.
Just your ordinary pedestrian asshole.
Not clever, not creative.
Not amusing.
That interesting.
Boring.
You're boring, sir.
And the only sad part about the thing I know, because I heard it going to the doctor,
is that George was talking about the thing with his swing clubs up there in Broward.
Nobody would talk to him about that either.
He had like what?
Maybe one call about that?
Nobody on the air.
Sure.
Yeah.
Got all those calls off the air, because they didn't want to hear the road.
But I mean, just in general, you see, all the people that sit out there,
all you phony, just like with his penis skate thing,
whether you're going to stop with his baloney already, passing judgment on him,
I can just hear it now.
Oh, well, those couples that are going up there, then there are swing clubs.
There are a bunch of perverts.
Why?
Nobody's forcing them.
Nobody's dragging anybody in off the street.
If that's their thing, if that's their bag, what the hell difference does it make?
They're all adults.
They're paying to go in there.
Why should the government or any other grandstander be concerned about what they're doing in there?
Like Ken Jenny, who's a major, major piece of crap.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
Neil, you know, the city of sunrise.
So, funny.
Yeah, it's terrible.
You know, you got to, can you mount the amount of corruption that they participated in in the...
How's John Amela doing, by the way?
Yeah, I know.
When they built sawgrass mall, you know, it is Paul the people.
And the other thing is, can you imagine trying to start America today with the rules that we have?
Everybody walking around looking.
What the hell happened to Paul over there?
That's right.
Well, I didn't get a permit last night.
His horse probably was dropping two big bombs on a cobblestone.
Yeah, I mean, it gets to a point where it's absolutely ridiculous anymore.
And finally, you know, I don't know what's in the air, but somebody's calling us.
I don't envy you in your position.
Have a great day, sir.
Same year.
The remuneration is well worth it.
We have an open line of day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, like for that other asshole, then of course that was all contrived anyway.
But like I've always told you, you don't like this show.
Don't call me to tell me about it.
Just find something else to do.
You don't like when George Phil's in?
Fine.
When he Phil's in, like when I go on vacation very soon, then find something else to do.
Doesn't terrify me in the least bit.
And not one of those people, like I've always told you, if somebody else is on the air,
I'll promote them on any station in the market.
When Rick had said, went to mornings, I'm the one that promoted them.
That's the only promotion they got.
When Brooke, the babbling Brooke, when she went on in the afternoon, they brought her back.
I'm the one that promoted them, can you?
Okay?
And I don't operate from paranoia.
We've been doing just fine here for a very long time.
And I have no reason to believe that we don't.
That we won't.
I don't know.
I'm off this whole food, like I said.
Because right now I'm concentrating on lunch.
Seriously, that doesn't bother me.
Like for each, just stopping thinking of the logic of this, where each complaint that we got out there
about while they didn't like this that I said, or they didn't like George being out on this day,
if we're going to change your programming, geared to everybody out there,
then we'll never please anybody.
And that's it.
Let us have everybody call in.
There'll be program director.
Well, should we talk about this?
No.
No, no, no, no, no, not that either.
In fact, we can just spend four hours every day talking about this stuff we shouldn't be talking about.
Like that Hornie laundry had that called earlier today.
It wants me to talk about sex.
What's there to talk about?
Quite frankly, talking about it is the American effluent way doing it.
That's more interesting.
Talking about is boring.
People that aren't getting any of those are the ones that talk about it a lot like kids in locker rooms.
They talk about it.
They're not getting any.
The ones that talk about it the most, they're the ones that are the most desperate.
So anyway, here's my Emmy.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think that guy was a jerk, man.
Yeah, and George does a pretty good show.
Yeah.
I've heard some of the shows that he does fine.
Okay, and I'm the one that's got to decide on it and he does just fine.
And if I'm happy, then everybody else else out.
If they don't like it, then I have to listen to it.
Yeah, I've heard some of the shows he's done and they're not that, I mean, he's not you, though.
Yeah.
There are a lot of what I wanted to say was I think Jerry Falwell is Satan.
Starting to think he's the anti-crackers.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven.
How come the speaks in this town have got nothing to say about anything?
I mean, well, why seriously?
Why don't they have anything to say?
I mean, then we know they got Maddick Kohn.
We got to a very definitive, very good ones yesterday, very emphatic.
Maddick Kohn would like to be emphasis there on the last syllable.
Maddick Kohn.
But other than that, they got nothing to say.
And by the way, there are some of the worst defenders on these sports shows where they're stupid, stupid, idiotic calls about the heat.
Jesus Christ.
What is wrong with you people of supporting a bunch of seven-foot sparses out there putting on a freak show, slam a jam in it.
Okay, that's not a sport anymore.
That's a joke.
It's a freak show.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I'm a lot of goviana.
Yeah.
Whatever you say.
What was that?
He said he had a good time in Vienna.
Something like that.
Open line of date one and browners five six.
I see what I mean that bears out just what I said.
He's not a little hulio five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Really?
It's a lack of education.
Could that be it?
Maybe like a lot of dumb silly immature speaks out there.
That must be it.
I'm not saying that the only ones who get stupid calls from a boy.
The percentage is just staggering.
The little guys that make up the stories with their fantasy stories and just it's sad.
Get a life grow up already.
Grow the f up.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Any of you who's the genius behind the Don Schul card?
You know who this is?
What time?
Who is this?
What's the difference?
Why?
Uh huh.
Said asshole again.
Let me say it for the eight million time.
We're not going to talk to you.
If I had to sit here and talk to myself and I had to read from the Bible.
If I had to recite my bar mitzvahmahfir over and over again.
We aren't talking to you.
Okay.
You're an asshole.
You're an idiot.
The audience is offended by the fact that you will refuse to stop calling.
And very soon we'll start putting your number on here too, Jackass.
What a piece of walking crap.
We have an open line at date.
5.6705.60.5060 on a mobile online.
12.26 at QAM.
I'll tell you one thing.
You want to make a fortune.
Just get a business where you find people alive.
Seriously.
Just open up a place.
Get a big neon sign unless it's in sunrise and say find a life place.
This is where you come to find a life.
In this town you'll have them lined up for hours every day.
Morning noon and night.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any question?
Do you like chili?
Really hot chili?
Then you should try omalley's new.
Really f***ing hot chili.
That's right omalley's new.
Really f***ing hot chili is so hot.
It's guaranteed to burn the rough of your f***ing mouth or your money back.
Made from the hottest jalapenos, spices and peppers.
After just one bite you'll say, wow, that's the hottest f***ing chili I've ever tasted.
That's omalley's new.
Really f***ing hot chili.
From the makers of f***ing them, good chowder and ass ticken soup.
Pick some up with your f***ing grocer today.
Remember, if it's not omalley's, it's not that f***ing hot.
No doubt.
12.31 at 5.60.
WQAM we got Hank Goldberg coming up at 2 o'clock.
6 o'clock, very briefly.
Josh and Jason, the Diffil and Hour because Booster got up this morning.
Really, really busy eating right now.
And then 7 o'clock to pregame Panthers at Ottawa tonight.
Any interest in that?
Big game.
No.
I didn't think so.
Sorry.
Open line at day 5.60, 7.05, 60, 5.60 on the mobile one line.
See, I thought I was the one that was supposed to be the whiner of a male content.
I'm always unhappy about it.
And it means time.
This is the biggest bunch of unhappy people down here.
You're around here for like 20 minutes and right away, wow, it ruined my day.
And I had to turn to duh.
We don't care if you turn to duh.
I didn't turn to duh right now.
It doesn't bother me.
I'm not going to lose any sleep.
I got a nice free lunch sitting here.
I put a nice big fat check in the bank yesterday.
I just spoke to my lawyer who's coming along a lot better by the way for those who know norm.
And we got another big fat check from whammy to pay us off for all of that deal through the end of May.
Life is going along fine.
I got over my crud that I had for eight weeks.
Nice to my good friend Dr. Puss, good night there.
Cleveland Clinic.
Dr. Puss, good night by the way.
Good guy.
Call me yesterday at home to give me my best results.
Said you're going to live the only thing that brought over there in the, the, the lab.
Look at how she butchered up.
Look how they butchered my boy.
I know he doesn't he said look how I massacred my boy.
Look how I massacred my arm my vein.
Talk about the purple P and then that's ties ready with a jury follow.
Like I said yesterday.
I got a purple armpit.
Oh, or whatever you call that not an armpit.
What do you call this side of the elbow?
The inner side of the elbow?
Yes, sure.
That's it.
It's purple, baby, and the elbow too.
Because she stuck me good.
I think it was because I was, you know, white.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm just calling to say a little comment about that stupid derby.
Just call her.
Not gonna buy George.
You have nothing better to do.
And wait on you.
Hold just waiting to get answered.
And then just say, oh, George did a, a, a discussing job.
Well, how do you like, well, how do you like the 25 minutes George did about the perverted sex or whatever you were talking about?
Oh, man, I would rip this head off right away.
By the way, you know, you enjoy to a great job and people to go to work and I love you.
Okay, good job, baby.
Okay.
Okay, baby.
See, that's my kind of stick right there.
He's friendly.
We have an open line.
Oh, they're all friendly.
They just don't want the world to know it.
That's all.
They're just a bunch of pussy.
I mean, if you're gonna be like a real man, stop being so afraid of your own feelings.
Okay.
Every time we go out and do those appearances, we go to Kendall, we go to South Miami, we go here and, you know, and the overwhelming majority of these studios, they're cowering in the closet.
And one of the reasons being, oh, well, if they happen to look good, I'm going to talk about them on a year damn straight.
My Jose, all of a sudden they run.
What are they running from?
What are they running from?
If somebody looks good, then I mentioned on a year boy, that's the so and so looks pretty damn good.
Huh?
Then their boyfriends will tease them, you know, exactly.
Well, that's fine.
If you, like I've said before, if you're born looking good, there's a price you should pay for it.
And that's the price.
And by the way, they're screaming next door again over here.
What is wrong with these people?
I mean, I always thought Lee Cutler was a pretty decent guy when he does look and act a lot like Camdenenberg.
But I thought, but there's something that he sales holes there next door, man.
Louder and louder and louder.
By the way, guess what we haven't seen for days now?
Fat boy.
How about the thing that he come back?
The thing is not coming back.
No.
Let's see him number.
Good.
Seriously, when the book, when the chapter is written about our days in this place, the fact that Greg Reed came down here and stood in this door way yesterday and tried to justify the idea that anybody in this place would hire the thing.
That to me says everything you ever need to know about this company.
Okay?
He must have worked real, real cheap.
Here's a mobile in Davie.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Do you just dislike all Latin?
No, I don't.
Well, why do you seem to always bust on people?
Whether they're Cuban or just any, anybody is Hispanic origin.
Whether that just gets your stand of the last call or you're like, wait behind the time, sir.
Last call was a Julio.
Yeah.
Who's a good guy.
Yeah, but then why do you have to use the term, why not?
Well, why?
I mean, you know why?
No, you see, again, this is like a chicken in the egg like you're chasing your tail.
Well, why not use it?
If I can use the term spook and fag, what's the, you have any problem using the term fag?
Sure.
Why?
Sure, because it's demeaning and degrading.
No, it's not.
It's just a word.
No, it's not.
And that's why I use it because I'm more using it renders the meaningless.
It, it, it, it, it, it, sensitizes people.
It makes them realize that words are just words even little kids though that sticks and stones.
You know how that goes, sir, don't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
So what's the point?
The point is, if a lot of people don't like it.
Yeah, you know, you know something, let me say it again.
If you don't like it, don't listen.
If you're offended, don't listen.
I'm not going to sit here and pander based on your, your definition of what I can say or
shouldn't say.
Sure.
All right.
And have a great day, hey?
A lot of people don't like it.
I'm going to tell you something, sir.
If I've been doing a radio show for 23 years in Miami, based on what I thought people would
like, I wouldn't say the one who offended religious people, the one who offended Jews, the Julio's,
the black people.
Well, what's the point?
It's our, it's a radio show.
It's entertainment.
So that's our pull question.
Would you rather be thin skinned or dark skinned?
That's our pull question today.
That'd be it.
Man.
And you know something, we've got into a tremendous number of black people listening to this
show.
And by the way, not African-American, because there is no such thing.
And, and I don't seem to have any problem.
They don't, you know, I use the word sparser or spook.
Well, look, that's the point.
There were words.
People are people, sir.
And one of the most uptight groups of all, by the way, are the Hispanics in South Florida.
The Spanish-American League against saying this and against saying that.
And oh, you said this and you said something about Rosamro Zanadana, Ilyana Ross Layton,
who's an asshole.
People are people, sir.
There's good spicks and bad spicks and fag spicks and mediocre ones and dark ones and light ones and big ones and fat ones and skinny ones and beautiful ones.
That's it.
That's the real world.
So I hate to break the news, dude.
That's it.
And if you're out there, people out there, to emotionally immature to handle that, then find another show.
Turn on Dr. Laura.
And hear her beat up on men.
Here's coconut grove. Hello.
Hello, Neaholm.
Are you sure?
Are you surviving your day, I see that?
Yes, I'm having a great lunch.
Oh, my God.
A lot of crazy people there.
I like it.
I love these.
Oh, my God.
What's wrong with people today?
Oh.
Maybe Castro has the woodpecker going again, dude.
I don't know.
Oh, my God.
Uncle Neil.
Yeah.
Just got home and I saw in my backyard what seems to be a red balloon.
Well, it's a red balloon with a fine scotch tape to it.
That's it.
Of course, it's my cat can get off the fine.
Get off, get off.
It says the Jews made a crucifix.
They made Christ carry it.
And they killed him.
And you worship it.
What a shame.
Two Corinthians four four.
Oh, my God.
Now, tied to that.
Listen, they tied to that balloon.
Here's Tony Orlando.
Yeah.
To the exactly without yellow ribbon.
To the red ribbon.
There's a little one.
I got it.
It's not a purple ribbon.
No, no, no.
Red ribbon.
Otherwise, I just found what we'll drop the balloon.
There is a fine inside a cellophane bag talking about the Armageddon.
And all the, you know, pills of the world and all the catastrophes.
So maybe you should give me the phone to that lady who's checking on the toilet paper.
Yeah.
You know, I mean, so what this is, we're going to die in a couple of years.
There's a huge asteroid that's going to strike the earth and will be, you know, kind of deep.
And then everything.
Well, that's a good news.
So that means they don't need your money anymore.
So keep it in your pocket.
Or just have a good time with it.
Peace.
What's wrong with people today, man?
The word is crazy, sir.
Oh, my God.
I'm crazy.
Religion is crazy.
And don't forget.
That's the American.
Exactly.
You got it.
God bless you, sir.
Have a good day, Neil.
Okay. Don't squeeze it too hard.
Uh-uh.
And the balloon either.
No, no, no.
Okay, we have an open line of date, five six seven, oh five 60 in five, five 60 on the mobile one line.
21 to one on QA.
We're having a great day today.
Oh, kind of day.
I like see.
I like talking to a lot of crazy people.
We had some good, this last guys, a good guy that other Julio we had for three, four, he was okay.
And then in between we had the other guy who's very bad.
A lot of people are offended by no craft.
Well, oh, man, oh, if I would only known that.
I'd still be doing those boring nutrition shows I was doing 15 years ago.
And make it about 15 grand a year.
If I was lucky.
By the way, if anybody wants to know what a nice guy I am, I storage your norm can't okay.
Just mention that in passing.
Okay, everybody thinks I'm a miserable son of a bitch.
It's a radio show.
I happen probably to be one of the nicest people in the world.
Uh-huh.
Probably too nice.
I am a good guy.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I hope you enjoy your breath.
Beautiful.
My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls.
I don't even have enough to pack us world.
I try to seek ridditions and technology.
But it don't get no bigger than a dollopsy.
There's nothing I can do.
No.
I only got a three inch two.
You'll be disappointed when we reach my house.
Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse.
Because ain't no big Mac or like a happy meal.
You give more sad effects on your high heels.
You're where I was in the pool.
Yes.
Because I only got a three inch two.
Sometimes that night I wonder if they will ever grow.
If I was a homosexual I couldn't even push in your stool.
It looks like Mr. Peanut without a change.
It's got capillaries instead of veins.
I could cut circulation with a thinking ring.
For Halloween I'd like a buffalo wing.
It's in a suction tube.
Because I only got a three inch two.
Even with a metric rule.
I only got a three inch two.
Tell them guys.
Yes.
You got a three inch two.
Oh.
Oh.
You got a three inch two.
In twilight you got quantity.
You got a three inch two.
I was like it only fun to three inch two.
What are they singing?
He's got a three inch stool.
I think that's what they be singing.
Stay away from him.
That time boy is going around bad.
It's a 1246 at 560 QAN.
Great lunch today Chuck.
And he sees a little bit too much but it was your grade.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I was just wondering something.
Have you ever played any sports?
Did I ever played any sports?
Yes.
When you were younger?
Yes.
You have which one?
Baseball.
Baseball.
Yeah.
Okay.
Why?
Because you've been people that criticize something usually have to have done it before.
Meaning what?
Well you criticize that.
I have been hockey famous.
I mean I was a hockey player when I was a kid.
Of course I am.
You don't have to play a sport to enjoy it.
You're absolutely correct sir.
First of all, when you say when I'm criticizing things, I'm talking about the people who are
talking about these things.
I'm not criticizing the sports per se.
Although there's something that I don't enjoy like the NBA for example.
But nevertheless, I watch plenty of football.
I watch tons and tons of hockey.
A little bit of baseball.
I'm getting fed up with it.
I'm talking about the discourse that goes on about it sir.
Okay.
You think that when you hear the calls on this radio station about sports, would you say that
there's a high level of conversation that goes on?
No.
Absolutely not.
That's embarrassing.
I love listening to the Hank but listening to the people that call in on it.
It makes me want to...
Great.
Wasn't that clever?
Oh my god.
That was so clever.
Oh.
Now see here's another sports nerd.
Okay.
That's his idea being clever.
He says go to yourself because he's a...
Am I a supporter of the First Amendment?
I'm also a supporter of protecting our license.
Okay sir.
Do you understand that?
No.
I don't think so.
Two open lines are today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
See he's got...
God, take a little shot.
He's got to start off the Monday.
Do you have a planning sports?
You know we know you're a pansy.
Do you have a planning sports?
Do you have a word of a jockstrap?
Because you know...
I hate to break the news to you.
It's your the entire world doesn't be alive through your eyes.
I know that comes as a great shock.
In fact, there's some jackass like me on your expressing a point of view.
That just might be different from yours.
Oh my god.
I guess you're too emotionally mature to handle it.
Like I told the other guy.
A lot of emotional cripples out there in the naked city.
Here's the lady in Evan's shirt.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes ma'am.
Hey, I spoke to you a couple weeks ago and I was sick and back my head hurt.
Anyway, here I am.
Remember me?
Are you better?
Oh, much.
Oh, good.
Me too.
Isn't that nice?
Yeah.
We should go out.
No.
No, I know.
You haven't changed your mind about that.
But I think you're very carefully.
You want?
I've been listening to you very carefully.
Yes.
And I think the reason that the great appeal that you have is because you are looking for a job
and you're looking for the truth.
You're an intellectual.
I'm not looking for anything.
No.
No, but no.
I'm not looking for any harm in the truth.
It's a great tradition, but Neil, you are in the great tradition of the great rabbis.
No.
That's what it's for us.
No.
The great rabbis that study the Torahs were idiots.
They were reading bubble mice, these fairy tales.
I'm absolutely the auntie of the antithesis, the antithesis of them.
But so close in certain ways.
No.
You don't think so?
No.
Let me say it again.
No.
No.
Well, I think the reason you're disillusioned is because you're disillusioned about what?
What am I disillusioned about?
I'm not disillusioned.
I just talk about things the way they really are.
I'm not disillusioned.
No, but I'm disillusioned.
I'm not disillusioned because I'm kind of a jaded view of life.
I tell you the way it is.
That's the way it is.
And you're telling the truth.
Yeah.
So what's the point?
What am I disillusioned about?
I'm not disillusioned about a lot of people hate you for that.
Yeah.
Well, what do I care?
And a lot of love.
I love you for it too.
Yeah.
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
I'm not disillusioned about what?
She was talking about you in the movie while he was doing her.
Yeah.
Anyhow, she was talking about how many times she was doing people a day and you were off by about four people, she says.
Anyhow, I have a request if possible.
If it went in this call, sir, maybe we might just get it.
I'm sorry, Neil.
Don't be sorry. It's just your terminal.
You know, a woman that preceded you would say it's a real tight race, nip and tuck.
I know that's a real shot, but talk about it.
That's why I don't call off it.
Good. But anyway.
One of those ads songs with the peanuts and stuff in it.
One of those ads songs?
Pass.
Peanut in your ass?
It's one of those songs and they talk about passing peanuts and stuff.
I don't know the title of it.
You haven't played it in a while.
Passing peanuts?
Yeah.
Okay, pass the a gas and never grade to a happy birthday, your pal.
Don't do this again.
Woo.
We have an open line that's powered all three and they're starting to thin out again.
Here we got an hour and eight minutes to go.
It'll two o'clock.
Gonna make it.
No.
I don't think so.
You might offend somebody.
Don't you understand?
Don't you care?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
On the mobile one line.
Come on.
Let's all be politically correct.
Let's just kiss each other's ass.
Let's do a Larry King thing.
Okay.
Let's just suck as hard as we can.
See how it feels.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Wow.
You're having a tough morning and beginning or after.
No one was only getting a wonderful day.
Here what could I do for you?
Let me tell you what I'm a f***ing proud Colombian.
Yeah.
I wish I had remembered that guy, that Gringo guy, that everyone's in a while calls you talking.
F***ing crap.
Yeah.
They use an A4.
I was just love to just stay with him for a couple of minutes and show him what real f***ing Colombians are all about.
But I didn't call you for this.
Yeah.
I love hockey.
I love hockey.
I got to United, hold on.
Let me finish.
I'm Colombian.
I love soccer until I met what hockey was all about.
Love hockey.
Love your beautiful leaves.
But I like, I guess, the Panthers because I live in Swanwreff.
I don't know.
I've seen him for the past two or three years and I like the guys.
What can I say?
That's okay.
Anyone, anyone who doesn't his whole gang, especially the Jamaican, really doesn't know what life is all about.
Another one, see, I have all my things written down before because I know that if I'm not enough, it's smart for you to write it out.
When you got it, write it out.
That's good.
Listen, listen.
I'm not a Walt Whitman.
It's good enough for you.
I know why these sandfalls over here don't like you.
I really do.
I really do.
I've been asking.
I have.
Which assholes are we talking about?
I'm talking about women.
I'm talking about Colombians.
I'm talking about Americans.
I'm talking about all far from someone like me.
Listen.
I like you.
I love you, man.
I love you.
I like the only people I hear in radio is you.
You know why?
You make me laugh.
The thing why they don't like you, they take you seriously.
You're a nice guy.
I love gay people.
I have gay people in my family and all around since I never even knew about.
Now I want my best friends over here.
Listen.
I went to my country after 10 years and I've been there, found out that most of my nephews and nieces were doing it behind my back.
Right.
Each other, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
Nothing.
I'm not a run pal.
I have to keep you.
Hey, see you.
I love you, Neil.
I really love you.
Little kiss.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
We have an open line at Broward.
5, 6, 7.
Can't we all just kiss and get long?
Come on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
On the mobile one line.
I'll tell you about something that's long and round and fully packed.
Hmm.
Great to go from next.
That's right.
A progenoma reserve.
Already those rios.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Oh.
Feels the cars and monocles for China.
You left out a gigo.
When they make an wiggle.
Monocles is not the kind you can do in the behind.
No.
I like it.
I like it.
Well, you don't know where a soul gigo is.
I can see how there was some confusion between humidor and human horror.
Hmm.
And then I can't stop it.
Turned to the box.
Me and saw her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now, please think he was working hard late nights in the overy office.
Working on a practical joke.
It took a mac and noodle for an exploding.
Loading for a monocle was blowing rings a smoke.
Feels the cars and monocles for China.
All right.
She left out a gigo.
Every time he makes an wiggle.
Monocles is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a china she's all mine.
For people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of fire husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was born in.
And now, goar was doing her with bills old bomb.
Feels the cars and monocles for China.
Start looking.
She left out a gigo.
Every fricking star he makes a wiggle.
Monocles is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Let's go.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I can be right in the bosses or if the music fire in rain with James Taylor,
power 96 by mistake, something if they change the floor mat.
Two open lines today in 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
I just want to know are you a Howard's turn wannabe?
No.
It's consisting like that's what you want to be.
No, I don't want to be Howard.
I'm doing very well on my own and long before I ever heard Howard was also doing very well.
Well, you sound like that.
No, I don't.
You can't take any criticism.
Let me say this.
You can't take first of all.
Bitch.
I'm not interested in criticism.
This is a radio show.
This is entertainment.
I'm not interested in your critique.
I couldn't care less about what you think.
It isn't interesting how many of the women.
We've had some wacky guys like we always have.
But is it possible that we hit one rational woman here today?
No.
God.
One of the guys there is crazy is a bed bug.
They all sound like they're all flipped out this week.
I'm not interested in your criticism sweetheart.
Howard does his thing.
I do my thing.
Phil Henry does his thing.
Everybody's got their own stick.
Okay.
And the fact that you don't like it.
Let me say it again, which I would still have around here.
But obviously I'm not going to listen to a crap.
Why would she be listening?
Why in the world could she possibly?
And I'll tell you why.
Because she knows in a part of her brain that the things that I'm saying that bother her so much, they happen to be true.
And she can't turn it off.
We have a whole segment of this audience who will never put it down in a diary by the way.
This is our closet audience.
The religious nuts, the right wing nuts.
Well, whatever the hell they happen to be.
These sexual puritons, I mean, a combination of all of the above.
Oh my god, it's just so horrible what he says.
I hate to break the news to you sweetheart.
Number one, it's a radio show and number two.
When I say it, you can take it to the bank.
Here's a mobile in the tavernier.
Hello.
Mobile in tavernier.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Let me say it again.
Yes, sir.
Mobile in tavernier.
I can't reach you, Neil.
What do you mean you can't reach me?
You can't hear me?
Neil, I can't hear you.
Okay, call me back or not.
Open line of day one in private.
You can't reach me.
Short arms, alligator arms.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, we're doing.
Do you have a fixation with rectums and farting?
No, I don't do.
Obviously you do.
No, I don't have any.
I don't have any fixation with anything.
Do you, sir?
And here's another guide that's unhappy.
Sir, let me ask you a question right up front before we continue with this very good conversation.
Why do you listen to this show?
Because you're front-to-lifton, too.
Okay, thank you.
Two open lines in date.
567-0560.
Correct them.
And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I don't have a fixation with anything, sir.
Let me say it again.
I know this comes as a great shock.
It's a radio show.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Wow.
What a concept.
Another guy with no material.
Here's Naples.
Hello.
What?
Naples, me?
Naples, you.
Oh, boy.
I'll tell you.
Okay.
First of all, come down.
This is the best card of all time.
That line.
That line.
Correct them.
Peter Bach's Arkansas, the great line is a character.
That's right.
That is one of the great lines of history.
In American literature.
Uh-huh.
That guy who called you up, I hope he's still still listening.
He's still stiff.
Which one is that?
You moron.
What difference is it?
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
I tried to calm the calm down, but it just couldn't do it.
Oh, boy.
Woo.
I'll tell you something.
Yesterday, I tried to really get it worked up.
Couldn't do it.
No.
But today, they're already worked up.
Man, oh man.
Whatever energy they had repressed, it's just a good thing.
It's today.
It's pouring out today.
Maybe it's going to be in.
Woo.
Heavy.
Do the.
Yeah, that bitch that called before.
She was the winner, though.
She was the best one the whole day.
We've had so many.
There are so many special people today.
But she was the best.
Are you a Howard Stern wannabe?
I mean, are you're so negative and you can't take any criticism?
Whoever heard of anybody doing a radio show, any person in his or its right mind,
Ask the people to copy and critique their performance.
You're critiquing by the fact that you're listening.
That's your critique.
And if you're listening, whether you want to admit it or not, that means you like it.
Whether you want to admit that or not.
You can't deny it.
If you're listening, you like it.
Because you do it by choice.
There's eight million other pieces of crap you could be listening to right now, or doing
right now, or thinking right now, or taking a good nap.
We're going out in the sun and getting a good melancholy started.
But no, you're choosing to listen to this.
Nobody's holding it gunpoint.
Almost March 1st.
It'll be 23 years I've been on here in this town.
Never once heard of anybody held at gunpoint.
Forced to listen to this show.
Never one time.
Not once.
So that's your critique.
If you're listening, sweetheart, you like it.
I love this show.
Are you a fat, disgusting pig?
Well, finally, there's a miraculous new drug that will help you lose weight.
For idiots.
Now you no longer have to blame your thyroid for your old decedent.
For idiots is designed to melt those pounds away without the need to exercise or diet.
For idiots cannot be used if you have hypoglycemia, diabetes, cancer, domain poisoning, romaine
lettuce, brana dioria, palatosis, olive leafy, smegma, surrogusis, cepharia, glacoma,
luisty rolls, toe cheese, tecorino cheese, ridden cheese, blue cheese, aides, pimples,
a third eye, vaginity, red blood and anyhands and CD.
Side effects include vomiting, schmissing, the green apple quick step and certain death.
But you'll be thinner.
Ask your doctor for...for idiots.
By the way, that poker Brian, he's the best, you know.
Oh!
What's her cane at 560?
Oh!
Oh my god, these people out there, mandies, people, they're beautiful, you're just beautiful folks,
you're the best.
560, 705, 60 and Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's get that, uh, headboker guy calling in again.
What was his number?
Here's a lady in poker.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Did we have a real lady on here today?
Yes, I am.
I've been listening to you since I was 19, I'm now 33.
Hi.
And you are great.
You say something, you back yourself up, you don't go where the wind blows, you know what you want.
I don't go where the blows unless it feels good, that's right.
Hey, I must have flown up your skirt, right?
But I called because, I mean, I just came home from work for a month and I heard that woman on this air and I just, she's a bitch.
Which one was this?
I wasn't how it's starting, like.
Oh, the Howardster to want to be lady.
I thought she's a wannabe lady.
She doesn't know, the Howardster has got 100 writers.
You just do it right off the top of your head.
You know, fam, fam, fam.
I don't even dignify those colors anymore.
I used to get so much of that crap.
I changed my ex 15 years ago before I ever heard the Howardster in show.
I've been on the air in this market for 23 years before anybody who ever heard Howardster.
He's doing great, he's got his thing, he does his thing with, like you said, with a whole circus of people and writers and everything.
And that's fine.
This is a show that's on in the middle of the day.
It's not the morning anymore.
I know she doesn't have a watch, but it's not the morning anymore.
Exactly.
And my last thing I wanted to tell you is I went to my first Panther game on Monday night, Tuesday night, against the Blues.
Oh, sorry.
If I'm not in luck, I still had a great time.
I really did and I'm going again.
All right.
Have a good day, Neil.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, I mean, even if your team loses sometimes, at least it's an exciting game, like that Leafs Carolina game last night.
Like I said, I'm the only person that found it on the small dish and probably the only person in the world that saw it down here.
Leaf pass.
Break away from Shepard!
Shepard!
He's got the...
We've all turned up the Shepard!
Shepard!
Shepard!
Hold the wave, back it off.
He keeps running the game before the break.
So I'm leading it for Derek Kang.
And that was turned aside by Curtis LeCishet.
Jenny.
And the other side.
The upper tap pushes it away.
Derek Kang to the side.
Where the hell is that?
That's the other side of the cup break.
Who's Curtis LeCishet?
Get him off!
Curtis LeCishet!
Oh, that is Justice LeCishet!
That's Steve Sol, the pilot for Gary!
See, there you go, even on my team loss, one of the most exciting sporting events in the history of the Human God Dam Race.
The crowd was ballistic, Joe Bullin was on the verge of losing it.
It was back and forth and back and forth and up and that was great.
And these people...
Well, you think that that 7-foot spartan can score 30 points again this year?
I mean, what the people in this town know about sports?
That's the main reason why they can't talk about it, because they know nothing about it.
You know, like I'm here with one of our people out of one of my mentioned food by name when you were in cheer,
talking on the year of the other night, was it last night?
Talking to one of our board ops about how he was watching the Princeton Penn Basketball game?
Oh my God! And I think some of them had a bet on it.
See, you know, there's GA, Gambers Anonymous.
What we have here at QAM, which is very bizarre, maybe the only station in the country, we have our own chapter, which is called GA Junior.
We have GM Junior, which of course is Sandouche Bag, the promotions guy, who thinks he's the junior general manager.
And by the way, you're a liar, Sam, okay?
We had our own little kangaroo court near and the Joe Costello came down to be on a shadow of it out.
You're a liar, Sam.
But hey, we're used to it.
Here's a mobile in Hylia. Hello.
I'm going to nail it.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, you touched on it just a second ago.
I'm glad you did.
Being on the air 2022 years, you got an anniversary coming up this month.
March first, yes. March for 23 years, right?
Yeah, so he's a day after my birthday.
I'm always the one who calls the wish you had the anniversary.
The day after my birthday, I keep reminding you that your 14th anniversary,
you had all your boyfriends in there.
I was one of them in the studio on 79th Street.
All my boyfriends?
Not all the guys that you like.
Who was that?
You could claim since friends.
In fact, with exception of Gilbert, he was in there that day.
Oh, yeah, he's my boyfriend, yeah.
You remember that day on the 79th Street?
You had about five or six guys in there?
No.
But you could move a bunch of pizza?
No.
No.
Well, if you got another one of those gold, just put me on the guest list.
You were there?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sitting there.
Okay, I'll see you.
Okay, I have no idea.
You remember that?
You do remember that?
Well, who the hell was there?
A whole bunch of people.
This fits mostly.
I bet you refrigerated your bomb wasn't there.
He was here yesterday, by the way, by the way,
I want to give you a little interview for him for about the template TV.
Good guy.
I want to start a little refrigerator, which we still have in the other room, by the way.
Thank you, Bob.
You're a good man.
Good luck.
We got our micro.
You know what's interesting about this hand me down studio that we got here?
We got the Sylvania TV with built-in VCR from our friend Jeff F.
We got the Coenet Pizza Law.
Thank you, Jeff.
We got the what used.
What do you mean it was used?
I can't, I cannot believe that you said that.
So with the refrigerator and so was the microwave.
Are we going to, oh, boy, you're getting bad.
You know, I love this guy to a half hour on the year of the day.
And all of a sudden, he's bitching that the TV was, and it looked like brand new to me.
I'm not saying we got a Sony 52-inch XBR in here like I have at home.
But the studio is probably a little bit too small for that.
Don't you think?
No.
God.
So Jeff Coenet provided us with the TV.
The people at the direct digital world.
Digital world.
I can, I got a mental block.
Digital world satellite.
Well, by the way, here's the deal.
I'm so sick and tired of waiting on Greg Read and these other people around here are such a bunch of pussy.
Some of them talk a good game, but they're pussy's, okay?
I will pay.
Seriously, I want you to find out what the show ends today.
Find out if they've made arrangements to put in a, a, a, a DSS upstairs in their studio.
And if not, I will pay out of my own pocket.
I don't want to be reimbursed.
That's how embarrassed I am for a multi-million dollar company that's got kiss pumping in the money for them.
Power 96 pumping in the money for them.
And if we're for all the money, we've got to pay the way in this place pumping the money through for them.
And it's so goddamn cheap that they won't, you know, make excuses and keep stalling.
You find out from digital from our friends over there.
And I would not look for a freebie.
I'll pay for whatever the dish caused and the installation up there and the tuner.
Okay, because you know, I just came into this little windfall last couple of days, whatever it is.
And I, and that's not even for us.
We got our own here, but like I started saying the refrigerator was given to us the little microwave we got.
These people provide you with absolutely the big nothing.
Nothing.
And then the big guy with a bad hairdo, the Greg, the Greg, Gregster comes down here today.
And then it's got the boss to look at me straight in the face and say,
gee, I don't understand.
We built on this beautiful new studio upstairs.
They're bitching about it.
The audience doesn't see the walls.
I know that comes as a tremendous shock to a guy who knows little or nothing about this business.
The audience can't see the walls.
It's like when we first moved in the tax and they built us that beautiful, polatial studio.
Remember, we're going to give it a most of our cards, by the way.
But in spite of that.
And nobody could see it.
Much of it was superfluous.
In fact, when Buddy Bug came in that one day, remember that?
And I gave him the little tour of the joint.
I said, you know, I hate to break the news to you, but they wasted a lot of your money because some of this stuff looks really great,
but we never have to use it.
We don't need a dad player in the tax studio.
You know, they said, what's that?
Here's the Carl Gables. Hello.
Yeah, I knew.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, everybody?
Great. I love your show, man.
I just got to tell you that it's all.
Here's something that likes to show.
It's the first one.
You went out late.
You called me.
The only ones that like to show.
Yeah, forget what they all say.
That's why I tell you, buddy.
Yes, sir.
They all these religiously people, they got me going crazy already.
I'll tell you the truth.
The religious wrong, yeah?
Yeah, pretty much.
You look like my dad's a priest or whatever.
Whatever you call him, like a Reverend.
And you know something?
Come with me, if I can.
You know what I call him?
All these little Jerry's far-walled butt liquors.
All right?
If they could hear me, hear me out.
You guys are all abroad.
They're all frauds.
They all want your money and they all want to say, yeah, we're going to heal you.
Get the f*** out.
Okay, great.
That was caught up by them, surely.
Certainly.
Well, I hope.
Okay, was it caught up?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Mr. Roger Sawariah.
Yes, sir, Mr. Car, how are you?
How are you?
Uh, neat.
How are you?
Make a comment regarding Nick Alvarez.
Nick Alvarez?
Yes.
A friend of yours, long time.
Nick, I mean.
Okay, whatever he said, okay.
We have an open-line update.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in taberniere.
Hello.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Oh, they're wild today, man.
They worked up to get the general juice came in and the shipping came in a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm getting even on hold.
Yeah, you're getting extra entertainment because you're going to hold it.
We're going.
Yeah.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
I'm going to hold it.
It's on earth.
It's boring.
And it's sad.
That's why I haven't had a chance to listen to much to the other sports talk stations around the country because you know I live here.
But but if you were in a market where the people really knew sports where they really understood it and they knew the names of the players.
They really knew what they were talking about.
Then maybe it might be pretty entertaining.
But as soon as the call star man, the quality of the what's coming out of the speaker just degenerates so rapidly because it's the same.
It's the same.
I'm tired garbage.
It's the same.
You think Levi's going to win 20 games this year?
I mean even if that had been a rational question from like a living and breathing adult.
How does anybody know the answer?
I mean what is mental masturbation?
And a second thing, if you hear on the news yesterday
that we were talking about this a while back,
there's a South American country
that is putting out a monocle of the garden.
And it's got a likeness of it.
Got a moniker on there, yeah.
And there's some unload of them.
I mean, it's amazing.
Yeah.
Well, watch how you use that word.
Have a great day, pal.
OK, thank you, Neil.
OK, here what you say.
Watch where that squirt, squirt, load goes.
We have an open line, see, and let me say it again,
if she would have just dry cleaned the goddamn dress,
we wouldn't be in this mess, OK?
In fact, I'm going to tell you something.
And all these experts up there,
I'll tell you what would have solved the problem.
Forget about even getting into that point.
If she wouldn't have been such a bitch,
if she would have swallowed, am I right?
There you go.
If she would have listened to Dr. Ruth and swallowed,
then we wouldn't have had no mess on the dress.
We would have had no DNA evident.
We'd have had no can star anymore.
This had been all over long time ago.
And the people at CNN and MSNBC and CNBC,
they'd all be pissed off and Fox News Network.
So I guess it helped the economy.
By the way, Alan Greenspan wants to say something good.
The Dow and the Nasdaq is up 60, was up 70 something.
And the Dow is up almost 194 points.
Let's hear it.
Thank God for our investments.
OK, just keep going out there, buying stock.
Don't worry about whether it's really worth them.
Now just keep buying and buying, please.
I hear that Hilton Hotel is the best damn chain in the world.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Howard, I'm in Neil.
Yeah, how you doing?
OK, I was wondering when you go to the Panthers Toronto game.
And how can you do your root for?
OK, we have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Port St. Lucy?
No, I hate this show.
I hate you, but I listen every day.
I don't understand what these people say.
They come, they say they hate you.
They hate you.
They hate you.
But they listen.
They got to be listening.
Next thing.
Maybe.
Open line in date one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60.
Well, it's probably used to be like a normal guy
until Greg moved in next to order him up there in Port St.
Lucy.
That would put anybody over the edge.
Yes.
Used to be OK.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A new listener, first time caller,
and number actually bound the radio before.
When you might be our best caller today
before this is over with, sir.
All right.
Channel 4 has this program on tonight.
By the way, it's speaking to Channel 4.
They knew news team they got.
Oh my god.
This guy, they brought it from out of town.
And this Angela Ray, who I just
like her, except for that thing on her lift,
but Angela Ray used to be pretty good news.
She is doing the same virus dance routine now, man.
She caught it from Channel 7.
They really bite the big one.
But go ahead, I'm sorry.
But they were doing the thing on what everybody's great is
about what the problem is.
Yeah, they've been doing that all week.
Tonight is the language barrier, which
people speak.
I don't know.
Yeah, but anyway, my problem is, you know, they just
can't speak English.
I feel like it's an invasion of America.
They want to retake America, at least the southernmost
part of it.
They come from Mexico, Cuba, and Spain.
They want to remake it as if they never lost the war.
But my last comment is, if they can make a Mexican
show I was speaking was they can make a human speaking.
OK, speaking English.
I'll read the air to you.
Ciao.
Hostel Oleg.
Hostel came to you'll be this.
We have an open line in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6,
8.
He'll meet up on Oakland Park.
OK, just stick around up there by the sawgrass.
I'll find a lot of people speaking English.
But I have a heart or a liver.
No.
In the yellow heart, yellow gas, xx, xx, you
move.
You can last time at that.
That's the next lower middle one.
The La Shanda, a V6, clarinet, a pi-cut,
that's a trim, and a little bit.
Flores, xx, xx, oval T, dry one,
he's been seen.
Hiboshi, Hadesha, Tobi, my dog.
It's green and he has the blue,
he has a cool, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue,
blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue
blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue
blue lost them names with all they fill finding at the cold rose wall, green Mç¦liph, young
every day and right.
And I've come to one conclusion.
Yes.
You don't have an antenna outside.
You have an idiot magnet.
And I'm going to hang up now before I become a statistic.
OK.
Open line of broad, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So anyway, that's what we want, an idiot magnet,
or a satellite dish, one or the other.
I'm serious about that, too, by the way.
And when we do move up there upstairs, whatever we need,
I'm going to pay for it.
And of course, people are saying, well, you're pretty dumb.
Say that, well, I got news for you.
If I don't get it for myself, we'll never get it.
Because Greg read, see, I know people, I have friends,
I have relatives.
A lot of acquaintances during the course of my life
were our chief, not necessarily bad people, but chief.
But I'm going to tell you something.
In my lifetime, I've never encountered anyone
as chief as Greg reads.
And he can blame the bees, ladies.
I mean, seriously, if he could blame them,
which he won't do openly.
But if they're the reason, if they're that chief,
then what does it say about him?
Let me ask you this.
Do we have petty cash in this place like we used to have at IOD?
Do we have such a thing?
We do.
How much could it take?
How much could it take to buy a satellite dish
and have the engineer install it?
Couple hundred bucks.
Some of the places are practically giving them away,
like 99 bucks with the rebate because the direct TV,
you know, the people you're subscribed with,
they want to get all the new customers,
but I haven't you have the dish.
I mean, this is a man so unbelievably cheap
that it makes a lot of people change their tune
when they think of using that expression getting jude down.
Yeah, he's going to change that expression
to getting going down.
That's how cheap he is.
Seriously, all over the world, they're going to be saying,
oh, gee, they really go ahead and be down in that joint.
Here's a lady in Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yes, I'm the one that called you the,
how it's turned one.
Oh, you're calling back the second time.
I don't guess what, sweetheart.
Once the king always the king, what do I do?
No second calls for anybody, even real callers,
even good callers, okay?
And isn't this interesting?
She's still listening.
Oh, man, I'm having a party in my pants.
She's still listening.
And also I should have seen on there
how many minutes she held on again, the second time.
I got news for her lady, there is nobody.
I mean, nobody who's got anything important up
to be allowed to call the show twice in one day.
Here's West Palm Beach, hella.
Thurkleleel.
Yes, sir.
In regards to her caller, they call her
a little while ago, and even though you don't need anybody,
certainly to say this, but I think George does a damn good job.
Yes, he does.
And furthermore, I appreciate the fact that when he does,
what he does, he doesn't try to be you,
he doesn't try to be anybody else, he does his own thing.
And I enjoy listening to him, and it's a lot better
than listening to a gilding, for example.
Right, I agree.
And George says thank you so much.
And thank you so much.
And see ya.
That's right, I was thinking that the other day,
driving, it's funny, he mentioned that.
I'm driving up to the dock day, and I'm thinking,
boy, even on his worst day, George is a thousand times
better than Caldys, and yet it's interesting,
even though we took that little mini poll
at the beginning of the show today,
the sports nerds, like I've told you before,
if they had a monkey, if they had a chimpanzee
on there in the morning, along with the D-fo
and the little dog, they would, hey, a chimpanzee,
how you doing this, boy?
What do you think about that?
He came to Marda, it doesn't make any difference.
It makes no difference when the kids, like six to seven,
and they're good guys, Josh and Jason,
all of them, they're good guys,
that they're like about 10 years old,
they're young guys.
And they're like, well, what are your thoughts?
What is your take on?
I mean, you think they're gonna cover the spread?
I mean, it's one thing, if you have a gambling,
a sports gambling problem.
But if you have a sports gambling problem,
you're that desperate that you're asking eight-year-old kids
what their thoughts are on a game that you're about to bet on.
Trust me, please call the man with a butterfly,
and have yourself put away
before you really wind up off tour.
So, okay, do you know what I'm saying?
You follow what I'm not going to do.
I'm not going to drift, please.
Open line in Broward, five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60, and pound five, 60 on the 18-year-old.
Why don't we slide 22-pill, two, and hang,
we'll be here, then we got the six o'clock,
Josh and Jason, right?
And then seven o'clock, we got the scalding.
Read me.
Well, okay, Josh, read me.
Oh, Josh, Friedman, I say, I wanna say this to you.
I was thinking about this also.
So you, I don't know what's gotten into you
since we came into the problem,
maybe a little bitterness in this place,
which I can easily understand
with all the alongcads around here.
You have to separate personal from business.
The show he did that I commended him on that night,
he did a good show.
It was a good show.
Forget it, forgetting if you can separate,
if you forget that it was him.
You didn't listen,
because you're not interested in sports.
You know, listen to the station.
I happened to be in the car, I heard it.
It was, he did a good job.
He gets all the credit in the world
for being a good guy on the air,
and his thoughts are pretty good too.
Oh, there you go.
It's just that we separate,
now that's business.
Okay, personally, he is anxious.
He's fat, he smells bad.
He's repulsive to most of the people in this place.
So we could put him in a hermetically sealed studio
and give him some airtime every now and then.
We like Josh Green.
Ah, I love him.
And I don't dislike him to begin with.
It's just that George has such an intense dislike.
I mean, a bitter hatred, especially after he sloped
all those chicken livers on the board
during the week that they were down here.
I mean, just munged all over our equipment in there
as marginal as it is.
I just don't understand the record straight.
21 till 2 at 5.60 QA.
I mean, what place is the most disgusting program?
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Coming this summer to a theater near you,
it started out as an innocent weekend rafting trip
with the guys.
Until...
Deliverance 98.
He todays hot, COTV stars as they make a jump
to the big screen.
Deliverance 98.
Sorry, Kyle, Kenny, and Parkman.
I keep been over in the school you like a thing.
Eh, you know, I hear them at home.
I say squeal, fat-ass.
I'm not thinking I can get an empty food.
Can I know what it'll be, bro?
Watch your villains take turns on all the self-park kids.
Oh my God, these books are about Kenny!
Deliverance 98.
This summer.
Deliverance 98.
Tell them we got this.
Okay, 144 at 5.60 WQM.
Where are we going next?
Okay, I see we got some ladies on here.
Maybe they might be like real normal people.
Here's the lady in New Orleans.
Hello.
Kyle and Neil, usually I'm working,
so I don't get a chance to call you.
Yeah.
And I missed the very first part of your show today,
but you sound to me like you're really feeling better.
Yes, I am.
And you can tell it in your voice.
I feel great.
And not to change the subject too much,
but you had been talking about the famous restaurant
on South Beach, you know, years ago.
Yeah.
And I wondered, hey, did you ever go to the Royal Hungarian,
which was a kosher Jewish restaurant?
No, I remember the Hungarian Charter that was on Biscayne
and about 125th and something like that.
Uh-huh.
In that area, in fact, I'm one quarter,
I think, used to be Rocky Ratsianis,
which is where the Italian place.
Right.
And then it was the Hungarian Charter that was across the street, I believe.
They're both very good.
Uh-huh.
But years ago, I worked there.
And after a mom and pop died,
the sons took over.
Yeah.
And of course, they wore their little beanies, you know.
Oh, I see.
And I raised outside of Detroit,
and I've never really seen Jewish people too much.
I came to Miami.
Uh-huh.
And you said, oh, it was funny,
because as soon as the parents died, the kids blew it
after they went to college and all these,
and they were all like, oh,
And I just did it.
Well, they probably took the beanies off too.
That's what did it.
That was pretty interesting.
They were getting it.
Okay, and just real quick.
I listen to you on a tiny little radio,
I can put in my pocket.
And in my buildings, it works.
The ones that have the little light bulbs, I can hear you.
The ones that have, I was going to say,
neon, but it's fluorescent.
The long, long, long, long, round ones.
Yeah, that messes up a-
That messes it up totally.
So, in sunrise if they want to do us a public service, forget about the neon lights.
Let's get rid of the fluorescent. Let's do that.
Have a great day.
Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.
Okay, we have an open line today. There was nothing like the famous on Washington Avenue.
I'll tell you that right now. Don't let anybody send you a bill of goods, okay?
We're not in business anymore, so it's not like a free plug, but God do I wish they were. That was a place.
That was those were the days when I first came here, 76, when there was still some remnants of life in this town.
When it was still a schmaltzie place.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Anya? Yes, sir. Anybody who listens to Hauget, typical nobody.
Yeah, go Red Wings. Yeah, okay. That Red Wings, goodbye.
Open line of day one and one and an hour at 56670560 and 0.560 on the 18th, do you wireless line?
Here's a mobile and steward. Hello.
Hi, Ael. Yes, sir.
Hey, I was in steward. I'm in Jupiter now.
Anyway, next to be on Uranus.
Right.
Anyways, last week you were talking about the Petri oil and I didn't quite hear if you had ever gone and you know gone.
No, no, not Petri. T-Tree. For the T is in Tom.
Oh, T-Tree. T-Tree oil.
Oh, oh, I don't know.
George's accountant is one of those orthodox.
Oh.
He brought me some of the hockey game and of course being as cheap as he has charged me to 5 and I have bugs for a little bottle.
And I'll tell you, man, you open that thing up and it smells.
I mean, you say, wow.
But it didn't do a damn thing.
Oh, really?
No, because my doctor, you know, he told me with an allergy to my, it was allergies to my Adelaide, my blood pressure medicine.
He gave me a different drug in just a few days now. I'm feeling great.
And the T-Tree still smells bad.
Oh, all right.
But if you want to chase away any pain in the ass intruders, just put an open bottle of that bottle in there.
You'll be alone forever.
No, one other thing.
Now that you're over there with the jock's, Joe Rose and DeForest and then did they let you shower with him or what?
Not yet. Not yet.
No, yeah.
There's still upstairs on the turd floor.
All right.
Have a good day.
Okay.
Well, in fact, when Ray Whitney comes in, we have a special shower down here that he and I are going to be sharing.
We have an open line at day 567. He don't know yet. 560560.
0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Boca. Hello.
Lady mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Hi.
I want to tell you that I'm a long time listener.
First time caller originally from Copenhagen.
All right.
Great.
We love you.
What a great place.
On the season ticket holder in section 115, I'd love to be able to come over and say hello to you.
Well, do it.
I'll be there Monday night.
Section 115.
And my 101.
My husband got me addicted to listening to.
He's a great guy.
But he's another one of those requests.
Won't talk about sex guys.
Oh, my God.
What a fan from Copenhagen.
Thanks about it.
He's not.
Oh, I think I am.
Well, you better bring him into the 21st century.
He thinks about it all the time.
Won't talk about it.
Yeah.
Well, maybe he's doing it is better.
Okay. I'll see you Monday.
Bye.
Copenhagen.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
I'm going to say hello to you.
