The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
To talk to Neil called 5.670 5.60 toll free for date and
grammar or pound 5.60 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, Paul Erzer, anyone else on the show do not
necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the
easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5.60 QAM.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The 3.560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger.
The satellite provision included in the massive budget package President Clinton signed into law yesterday will enable satellite customers to watch local TV news, weather and sports broadcast just as cable owners do.
Federal regulators hope the legislation will boost competition to cable industry and drive down prices.
Boost competition to the cable industry as in goodbye cable people forever.
Almost immediately it says top satellite companies begin offering local ABC and BC CBS and Fox channels in some of their largest markets.
The legislation lets satellite companies begin to provide local channels right away allowing them to tap into the holiday gift buying spray and not only that but right from the horse's mouth from direct TV.
I take this for you.
Hi, I'm Tanya Memy with an exciting message about receiving local channel through your direct TV system.
Up until now satellite television providers have actually been prohibited by law from carrying local channels.
But thanks to the passage of recent legislation in Washington we're proud to offer local channels to customers in the area of the following city.
Okay, right now in New York in LA, we're only in December like any day now.
Miami, then we're the 4th tempered to this codec, to December in Atlanta and Phoenix.
Like this ever, it's not going down to the city.
Really January, Tampa, Cleveland and Houston.
It's only December, any day any moment now in Miami, like when.
I wish you found a real idea in the phone right now.
For the first time direct TV customers in these areas will be able to watch local news and weather plus shows the major network affiliates using their direct TV systems.
Turn to channel 900 for information about the stations that are available for you.
You'll also find instructions for ordering your local channel through direct TV there.
All right, so there you go. That's what it's all about.
You can't you turn to channel 900, it won't be under yet, but it'll be like a day or two before we get to start it.
Which should be like any day now early to summer, which means probably in the next three, four or five days.
You have, and by the way, are we ever going to get to what's with that phone thing there? Is that thing going to work or what?
Right. Should I try it? WDQIM?
At least there's a dial tone. It works.
So at any rate, there's the good news like I started to say, I was like a little distracted there because I had a little feeling that that phone thing might not work if we ever get a call today, which I doubt, but nevertheless.
Here's one of the big stories in history.
And I realized that there are still some people out there. I can't for the life of me figure out why.
Unless you live like in a broom closet. Unless you live like in a little shack and a little two by four shack somewhere where you can't get the small dish.
I mean, wouldn't you agree with me that most people, even apartment dwellers can probably get a small dish if they had like a certain exposure? I think it's Southwest, whatever it is.
Here is the chance. Finally, if you despise your cable company as much as I do. If you are nauseated and revolted, if you're tired of the picture going out every time a pigeon farts, if you're tired of losing your goddamn cable picture, if you're tired of getting up in the morning and not knowing whether the picture is going to be grade A or grade Z or grade N like somewhere in between.
If you're going to be seeing the only snow in the Florida is going to be on your cable picture on your TV set.
Here is the opportunity you've been waiting for, sweetheart, to say goodbye to your cable people forever.
So if I'm one of the people out there in the listening audience right now and I have a home or I have an apartment where I can get my small dish, I'd be on the way right now to Brands Mart or Plants TV Depot or any of those places to get a small dish.
Wouldn't you or digital world satellite or digital world satellite that provided us our great little dish that we got that we're watching right now.
Nice going.
Let me see it again right now already in New York and LA, the nation's two biggest markets they got they got the local channels on early December for once.
For once instead of having to wait wait on even ahead of Chicago. How do you like that?
You're putting your pipe and smoking it up there in Chicago, huh?
Miami's way up on top there on a list early December. Miami Denver Detroit San Francisco and AC DC.
And the other being additional charge which like I said the day or two before before we get the service available to us.
You turn on channel 100 on your direct TV and they'll show you what it's what you have to do and how much it's going to cost and yada yada and whatever.
And maybe you'll even be able to buy it right over the year like you can now.
Or maybe you'll have to make a phone call and wait for 10 hours by the way speaking and making phone calls and waiting for 10 hours that I mentioned yet that Kerry Sarner's an asshole.
Oh well he is he's the anti Christ.
I don't want to pick on any of our sales people when there are no stupid sales seminars these next couple of days but Kerry Sarner what you did in the yesterday took a life out of a day out of my life.
Stole a day out of my life pocket a china with some client and by the way the answer is no it was no before and now it's definitely okay so leave me alone.
Gary Sarner no more goddamn phone call no no more BS no more spending hours on the phone podcasting you're out of my computer.
No the answer is no.
Did I make it clear no okay.
The answer is still no Gary get out of my life get out of my face.
9 minutes after 10 on a great day for the Irish for the police for the Policies.
You were sloppy.
Good bye to the cable people good bye I'd be on a phone right now.
Telling disconnected as if like we from sookers you know like in a couple of weeks or 10 days or whatever.
Because your local channels I mean what else do you need it for.
Everything that you get on your cable first of all comes off a satellite anyway.
So there isn't one thing you get on there besides your local channels that you can't get on the small dish and now that you're going to have the local channels on there who needs the cable.
Who needs that marginal picture who needs that snow on the screen every time a parking line parts in the neighborhood.
Oh this is one of the great days of my life I'm squeezing it right now.
No portion of this broad guest may be reproduced at the express written permission of WQAM beef Lee wreath acquisition court.
All right, let's go Mr. Ron and Ron.
What do I do? What do I do?
What do I do?
What do I do? What do I do?
It's just what I do.
I'm the road with there's no where to stop.
The way that they name it in one spot, that's so what they got in there they got that stock.
Is it my divorce for a vacant lot?
Oh, what a...
What a...
Oh...
Oh...
Oh...
Oh...
Oh...
Oh...
Like in their minds they got a truck.
Oh...
The country didn't have any truck.
Oh...
The Mongolian and the Indian squad.
And I'm the winky type of district squad.
The Mongolian and the Indian squad.
They could be better than I got.
The Mongolian and the Indian squad.
Squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad, squad.
1015 at 560 WQM.
Look at this unbelievable response here.
Here is one of the days that many of us have been waiting for.
Millions of people from coast to coast who hate the cable company
should be dancing, should be squeezing themselves in each other.
And look at this.
Look at this.
You see, the thing that amazes me is that even some of the assholes,
I think most of the assholes on this radio station
to get on there and pontificate about sports and the people that they talk to.
They don't even have the small dish, forget about a big dish.
So they don't even see these games that they're talking about.
You get the small dish, you get the sports package,
you like football, you get the NFL package, you like basketball,
you get the NBA package, you like hockey,
the NHL package, whatever the hell they call it.
And you like all of them, all of you above.
You pay for what you want to watch and you see all the games,
not just a local game that any schmuck can turn on.
You see everything, so when you're talking about it,
and opening up a big mouth, you know what you're talking about.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So here's what I split, but these people don't have it.
I bet you we don't have 15 people in this listening audience
that even have a small dish, that have a small one.
Oh what's that?
Is that milkshake or a flasher?
Here's a mobile and pop it over, chill out.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
I got a small one and a small dish.
Yeah.
Question, are you going to still keep, will they still have,
you the affiliate you're already receiving?
Like I get seven ABCs and NBCs and all that right now.
Yeah, they're local channels, right?
But they'll add them to the local, they'll add them to the one you're already getting.
What do you mean by that?
Now where's right now I get Fox and Fox.
Oh, don't tell anybody that.
Right, all right.
Yeah, of course.
Anyway, okay, that's what I wanted to know.
Okay.
You're getting all that.
Let me tell you about this.
I don't have to change over the cable now, the cable's gone.
Right.
You had it that's the only reason I kept cable.
It is out of there, it's a joke.
Like you said, any idiot out there that watches cable now with this is ridiculous.
Congratulations to us, pal, you and me.
Hey, standing idle of the show.
Okay.
Have a good one.
There's one other guy.
He's excited.
He put them up to a frown.
You can't just say goodbye to the cable people.
Goodbye, goodbye.
We hate you.
We can't stand you.
Keep jacking up the price.
You're after, you're after, you're after, you're.
Oh, it was 28 bucks a month.
Then it was 31 bucks a month.
Did we get any better pictures?
No.
Did we get any gray?
We get a whole bunch of channels that nobody would want to watch.
Anything we want to watch?
No.
And now finally, finally the government comes along.
Maybe they don't like monopolies as much as we thought they did.
Certain ones are not too crazy about like the cable companies.
And now here's a chance for you to say goodbye to them forever.
Oh, happy day.
Where's the Edwin Hawkins singer's when we need him, man?
Early December.
You realize tomorrow is December 1?
That means any day, any moment now.
So I get online to be calling media 1 if you live in my neck of the woods
or whatever the cable company you've got.
I wonder how many moments it'll take.
Like I said, at George's this morning, after I read this, exciting news,
and I turned it off.
By the way, if you want to see all the details, if you have direct TV,
just flip on Channel 201.
And they have that thing running nonstop.
The little thing I played before, and they show you all the list of the city's words
going to be available.
Channel 201.
Don't turn on Channel 900 unless you're in New York or LA,
because that's like only probably going to be a couple of days in advance.
Or whenever this is going to be available.
And then you are going to have to pay for it.
But I have a strong feeling it's only going to be a fraction since it's just a handful of channels.
A fraction of what you're paying your cable company.
Because all the other stuff is on the basic package.
I'm your small dish.
All your MTV and your food channel and all the other crap that's on there.
CNN, CNBC, I'll let the drag.
Here's Miami B.
Hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I'm listening to you.
I think you're great out there.
I've had my dish for about four years now.
But you know, you always talk about the Harold.
And I can't agree with you.
I read in the paper.
You read the split section this morning.
That article in Williams by this Dan the Barf.
Sir, what are you talking about?
In the Miami Harold this morning.
Have you read the sports section?
I don't read Dan La Barf.
He is Dan La Barf.
Yeah.
We'll call up all the sports shows and talk to them about that.
Okay, sir. I'm not interested in that right now.
I'm in the middle of a very exciting moment in the history of the goddamn human race.
And you're hacking me a China.
Another one of these one-dimensional sports holes.
I don't care about Dan La Bastard.
And the Harold sucks.
The Harold blows.
In spite of what that in the fossil,
Al Newhart says in goddamn USA today,
almost barfed on a plane reading that coming back.
Oh, yeah, he's critiquing the newspapers.
The LA Times has lost all credibility as if that's a bulletin' like we don't know that.
But the Miami Harold is one of the most improved newspapers in America.
Which goes to show you why Al Newhart,
they only let him out on the weekends for a short period of time.
Give me a break.
Okay, who the hell are you kidding?
We already know the Harold sucks.
Okay, pal?
Give it a rest.
Call up one of those sports nerds with your crab.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Jackson comments spurred suspension in Toledo, Ohio.
A radio talk show host began a week-long suspension Monday for telling his listeners
that the Reverend Jesse Jackson wanted to be assassinated when he intervened in the dispute
over expulsion to the Nile Roy High School.
There was a limit to what we'll allow on the public airwaves and asses Andy Stewart.
Vice President and Market Manager for a cleared channel communications,
which suspended WSPD, AM host Scott Sloan, without pay.
During his three-hour show in November 17, Sloan said Jackson intervened in the
Decatur Illinois dispute to be a martyr like the Reverend Martin Luther King,
who we shot to death in Memphis, Tennessee, 1968.
Just a subtle suggestion there, right Todd?
Yeah.
Fire as ass is what I say.
Smart ass in Toledo.
And by the way, what the hell are you doing on the air in Toledo anyway?
If you're such a hot shot.
And what are you working for a cleared channel?
Okay, it's not embarrassing enough we work for this company, but working for a cleared channel.
Give me a break.
Here's a mobile on the alley.
Hello?
Hey, you know, I've got a small one but not the dish yet.
Yeah.
Just calling to let you know why I use cable.
Yes?
Well, first of all, I haven't had a cable outage.
I need to receive, please.
I haven't had a cable outage for years.
It just doesn't ever go out.
I don't know why you think if the wind blows cable gets out.
Why I think it would be a sure where I live, the cable goes out frequently.
Frequently.
Okay, well, sometimes for hours at a time.
Maybe I just made it up because I'm a bad guy.
Maybe you're the lucky guy.
Maybe you live in an area where you're the only subscriber of the cable or wherever the hell you are.
And it doesn't go out.
Where do you live?
Uh, Boka.
Where?
Boka.
Let's Boka.
Oh, let's Boka.
Well, I'm on a selfie.
But I've got four TVs and three VCRs.
Yeah.
I'm not like I take three different programs at the same time.
But I do go out of town for a week at a time.
And I set one VCR to tape up to, you know, however many hours and the other VCR to tape other stuff.
And I don't want to have six different receivers.
You know, I mean, how would you, if you're doing small disks, you need basically a separate receiver for each TV.
If you want to be able to watch separate programs.
Right.
So there you go.
Okay. Well, good luck to pal.
Chase it right off the bat.
I mean, if that's what you do, if you have 15 different TV sets and you want to tape, see, I don't understand that.
I just don't get it.
I mean, two weeks is own.
If he wants to tape 1500 different shows, that's up to him.
And his cable never goes out.
He's the one guy.
So I guess, again, as usual, I'm all excited about this.
And now I understand again.
Besides the fact that there's nobody listening, I understand again what is almost no response here,
because in the fact that nobody else is excited about this.
I'm one of the few dish people.
Oh, the cable people.
They're the happy people.
The dish people were the people with a big problem.
5, 6, 7, and in addition to which what's wrong with having one TV set?
I have three TV sets around the house.
Two of them which we never use.
Never use.
Now, I have no interest in using.
We have one big TV set.
Now, granted, I don't have a house where I have 17 little punky kids all over the house.
The one I watch about a bunch of stupid other crap.
But that again is a classic example of how the adults of America let the kids control their lives.
What better way to dictate what you're going to kids are going to watch on TV?
Is if you only have the one big TV, they're in a family room, the living room over there, you watch your TV set,
and you watch what you want to watch.
Not whatever the hell crap they want to watch.
I don't get it.
I must live in La La Land.
I must be so alien and so far just outside the mainstream of what life is all about.
Just like last night there was one game in the National Hockey League, one game.
Washington captured the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The conference leading.
And tied for league leading Toronto Maple Leafs.
Now, if I had a small dish, I could have seen that game from T of the TSN Telecast with Joe Braun.
I can't handle a peril coming from the left now.
I'm approaching back to the point of counter-config.
The rocket's falling.
The panic peril!
Double-sector rebound again for the east to two on the lane.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Like I said, there you go.
Because it was right there on a small dish.
For anybody to see an enjoy and the scratch and sauce.
Here's Carol City.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Great news, Neil.
It is great news.
I've had my dish for over two years now.
And with my setup, I have to use the rabbit ears on the goddamn thing and order to pick up the local channel.
Well, at least you're smart enough just to say no to the cable company anyway.
Absolutely.
That's when I decided to go ahead with the dish.
I got an LFR son that picked up a bunch of crap.
And I got two brothers that is the biggest ass hole you ever seen.
Yeah.
I've been trying to encourage them to get a dish, but they sit around and always complain about where my cable went out.
I couldn't see this, so I didn't see that.
Yeah, and they're cablemen out and not only that, but like on Sunday if they want to watch the NFL, they get whatever game is on Fox.
One game, whatever game is on CBS.
One game and that's it.
That's all you've got.
One more bigger side to stick on there.
Exactly.
You know what everything is up on the Sunday, no situation?
Come out please.
There you go.
Maybe I get off the ass now.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Come to back to the ass right off it.
You got it, Neal.
Okay, you put them out.
All right.
All right.
Just back right off it, baby.
That's what I say.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
Great day.
I don't care what you people say.
This is a great day in the history of TV.
Ow!
To just say goodbye.
And right off the bat we get that one guy in the alley who's like, you know what?
I mean, to each his own.
I don't be grudges, sir.
If you love the cable company, maybe you're run away with a guy they manage your okay and you'll open with him and have a great life.
Live happily ever after.
I don't care.
Squeeze it real tight.
What I for one happen to think this is phenomenal.
It's great news.
And look at this tremendous, I'm telling you man, this town you can feel it.
You can smell it.
The excitement is so rampant now.
I mean, we heard about this.
We heard the rumblings of it a couple of weeks ago.
We heard those rumblings.
And now it's official.
Signed, sealed and delivered.
Just a matter of moments before that channel.
In fact, I better keep it on 900.
Because that thing could get fired up there any moment.
Fired up and pissed off.
At that point, I can be like the first.
We're like, got to be a pioneers on this.
Thanks to our friend, Len, who fact made this thing.
And thanks for the fact that I had the ingenuity to flip around around God damn direct TV this morning for 20 minutes and find the damn thing.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
1026 at 560 WQM.
Jim Mandage talks for a weekend right now.
On sports radio 560 QA and two sets of rents.
210 years ago this March.
Astronomer William Hershel discovered the planet Uranus.
To commemorate this historic event, your public library is proud to present a special salute to Uranus.
Complete with books and magazines to help you study Uranus.
And a special display that allows you to examine Uranus more closely.
Why after one visit you'll be able to find Uranus with both hands tied behind your back.
So stop by your library and discover Uranus today.
Oh, look out new schedules from Duff.
All right.
That's for it.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Duff has run around putting new schedules in here, which he does very, very well.
Very quietly, very cleverly, very surreptitiously slipping in new pages in between.
Got the same old names on it, but nevertheless.
Now here's a thanks from Michael, who I don't understand this.
He says, thanks for the satellite news.
Finally, which one?
DSS or the dish?
Yeah, exactly.
That's like saying which one, Monday or Lunace?
How do I respond to that?
Yes.
The same thing, Michael, direct TV, DSS, like you can go out and buy any brand you want.
But the service you want is direct TV and also Echo Star, I believe, is the other one.
The deal was only two companies, direct TV and Echo Star.
They're the satellite companies.
They're going to be allowed to do this thing and handle the local channels.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, yes.
What's again, you're the only media person in this town who gives us any news that we really need and really want to hear.
This story, because, as you know, this deal was buried in the middle of the budget bill.
I wouldn't have known about it.
This story was not in the newspaper.
It wasn't on your local news this morning.
And here, because your guy factored it to me and because I did it around and checked out on the direct TV on Channel 2.01 here.
So here it is.
This is big, fantastic, exciting, great news.
A great day to get on the phone and wait on the line no matter how long you have to wait with your cable company to tell them goodbye.
I'll go down there and tell them.
Here you go.
The local stations can't fit any news in because they've got to give you the murders and the mayhem from the day.
I can't even watch it anymore.
And the suspects, by the way, are triple shooting in Hollywood.
As far as that guy who loves his cable, maybe he doesn't realize that the picture between cable and your dish.
It's not even comparable.
It's like the difference between listening to shortwave and a Bose Super Radio.
My cable stinks.
You know, you've embarrassed me over the years because I don't have a dish yet.
Why not?
But I get a dish. I sold my business today.
I'm going to go out and buy a dish for every rule of my house.
Oh, right.
There you go.
And I'm going to call Tom Cass and tell him to come and yank it out.
With help me, I went about yank it out.
Neil, shameless request?
Yes, sir.
Elvis. Elvis at the holidays.
Okay, you got it.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, good luck, you pal.
Good luck to watch.
Let's hear it. There's three of us now.
I'm really excited and fired up about this.
See, those of you, most people are passive.
That's the reason that the cable companies are still doing as well as they are.
Because most of you are passive.
Most of you are like sheep.
Oh, yeah, Jean, that's a big deal.
I got to go.
They're practically giving the dishes away in these audio and video stores now.
They're practically giving them away.
They have all these special deals.
They charge you like a hundred bucks or whatever it is.
And you get a hundred dollar rebate.
They're practically paying you to take it so that then you sign up and do the programming.
That's what they make all the money.
I would be, I would be, if I were you folks right now, I'd be in my car right now.
If you don't have a small dish and I'd be on my way to my nearest appliance in the video and whatever store.
I'd be on a way to appliance TV depot.
I'd be on a way to brandsmart, best buy, worst buy, whichever one you like.
And I'd be saying, okay, sell it to me.
Here's the date when I want you to stick it in there.
Let's set the thing up and have it in no time at all.
And by the time you get to the empty install, you'll have your local channels on there.
Plus all the good stuff you want to see.
You know, I'm here on this sports day.
And why aren't these sports people on here?
And I'll tell you why.
Why they've never promoted that people should go out and get a dish.
Because then the people that they talk to every day might actually know more than they do.
Which is insane a lot.
Because they might actually be seeing the game besides the local spoof of games.
How can you comment on the NFL, which all you're seeing is the God damn local games.
Whatever they got on here locally every week.
How can you comment on the other 20 or what are 14 that are playing the 28, whatever the hell it is?
If you don't see their games.
I don't want to, you know, I don't want to put anybody in this building on the spot.
How can you be a maven and commenting on all these things when you don't get to see them?
Now, here's an opportunity for the audience to go out there.
And once you got the small dish, then you pay for whatever you're picking tunes.
Like I said, you want to set a rights package.
You're a hockey fan like me and the other 10 of you out there.
You have to be subscribed to that.
You don't want it. You don't pay for it.
The NFL package is a must.
It's a must.
Unless you're like George and just a total anti-sports nerd.
And even though the game is all suck, which they do.
But it's a must.
What better way to kill us on the afternoon than flipping those channels back in the end there.
And the best part of the deal is whichever sports package you got.
They're all right there next to each other.
Even improvement over the Big Dish.
Which you know how much I used to love the Big Dish.
But it's pretty much past saying how the Big Dish.
I hate to say that.
Pretty much past saying.
But you go like from 701 to 742, whatever.
In addition to which, they got a whole bunch of channels on there for the four o'clock games.
While the one o'clock games are going on on Sunday, the channels that carry the four o'clock games,
they show you what they call instant snap.
And it shows you the scores, the up to the second score of all the other games.
And which channel you'll find it on.
And it shows you where the ball is.
Oh, am I any first intent on the Indianapolis 18 year, whatever.
It shows you right there, right up to the second.
As opposed to just being some kind of a slug.
Going along with the crap games, whatever.
And of course when you live in this town, it's always the New York games.
That's right.
The jets, the giants, the giants, the jets.
Because we got so many New Yorkers here.
Maybe the New York team suck.
Which they both have it every pretty guy named Mediocre at best this year.
Maybe you don't want to see the New York teams.
Maybe there's some better AFC or NFC game that you wanted to see on that Sunday.
But you're not going to see it unless you got the dish.
I'm going to quit this job right now.
I'm going to go into the series.
I'm going to go do it or I'm not going to sit here and beg for calls every day.
I'm going to go do it or peddling the dish by the end of the week I can retire.
And just say to the cable company, that's right.
That's why I come into you.
You guys suck.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
To clear up what that guy said in his facts, what he was saying was a DSS or dish.
Echo Star is normally known as the dish network.
Or a dish TV, yeah.
So that's why he was referring it to it that way.
The only problem that I've got with them adding the local channels is that right now they're charging,
I personally think, a little bit too much to get that local programming.
What they're saying is they're going to charge you like $7 or $8 a month to get that local programming
in your just your region.
And then another like $3 or $4 for each additional receiver that they program the local channels onto.
And I think that's a little bit excessive.
I would think probably something like a couple of bucks each would be more than adequate for them to do it.
Since reprogramming those systems for them is practically nothing.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
Once the systems program, you've got the channels.
So what does it really cost them?
I mean, come on.
They're transmitting the...
There you go again with a multiple sets thing, which is a problem because when you have the dish,
you have to have a receiver for each other.
Exactly.
That's the only problem that I see with it.
But like another caller said, it's like comparing a van go to a kindergarten, a piece of art.
You get a perfect crystal clear picture you can reach it and scratch their ass.
Absolutely.
That's right.
And if you've got one of the newer receivers that has that Dolby surround,
I tell you, you plug that into your stereo and I mean, hell, you're watching the mummy or something.
You feel like you're in the theater.
Right.
You feel like you're in the theater.
But I mean, hey, kudos to them.
The only problem I really see with getting my local program, people offer that is,
I got to watch Rick Snatches, which I wasn't watching anymore, thank God.
But now I'll actually be flipping through the channels and poof, his ugly muggle show up on the screen.
Yeah, just program it out.
Exactly. That's what I'm going to have to do.
Block it out.
Win it, dub block it out.
Absolutely, Neil and Nate.
Kudos to you for letting the word loose.
Okay, thanks.
You have a nice day.
And back to you.
There's another guy that's all excited and whipped up and fired up because...
I'm praying he's not just another guy named sheep, making all those buying sounds.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, another sheep.
Another lending.
Don't be a sheep.
Don't just sit back.
Usually everybody in their brother should be on a phone right now calling their cable company saying,
good bye.
Good bye.
Yeah, just like all those messages I was getting when I was downloading stuff on my computer about two weeks ago.
Like in the middle of the downloading process, you'd walk at your room and hear,
good bye.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying, Gary Sarner?
Good bye to you too.
And your friends with that cra...
Oh, God.
If I could just tell this audience, what that man put me through yesterday,
stole a day of my life with crap, trying to con me to do, you know,
endorsing the thing that I don't believe in, that doesn't work, that I don't want any part of.
The answer, Gary, is very loudly and enthusiastically.
No.
I don't care if they want to spend $50 million with this radio station.
The answer is still, I don't know what somebody else is showing.
Who don't care about this credibility?
I'm sure we might find somebody on the station that doesn't care about credibility.
That was $20,000 before 11 at 5.60 QAM, and I wasn't talking about Hank, by the way.
Was that talking about DeFolk?
This is 5.60 QAM.
It's an offense football sports radio.
5.60 QAM.
Hi, this is Mari Povich, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Oh, boy, gee.
What a room.
There's the team.
I don't have them around much for a while,
but I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Rollin' in and all they're thinking of you, those Christmas.
And I have to give y'all a special Christmas message.
I'll miss it, you please.
Like, how about a little piece of that time I go about?
Thank you.
I got a lot of work.
Like a whole family.
Christmas is a time of food.
Time of joy.
A time of love.
And I sure would love it.
I just lost that feature you got there.
Okay, hold on.
No worry, worry about it.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
The Christmas to me means family.
And family means friends.
For friends, we means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
Oh, pass me that time to say which place?
Well, flaky.
Like my boy.
Not just one or three to you right now.
You know, I'm maybe a big star.
Make it too big.
But I ain't nobody so big.
You can reach out to help in hand.
Or helping out hand.
Or you can help me with all the matters that they do over there.
Like a boy.
Like a boy.
Not like I was playing with him.
Ain't nobody some big.
He can't stoop to help a friend of me to go with a holiday season.
Speaking of season, you won't pass me that soft sugar.
When you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just just unscrew the cover.
That's right.
Like I'm about to.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.s?
Now now, leave those steak jerks like where they are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's very big family.
And you know what God made men into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big, big son of a gun.
You know what I mean?
I think you do.
But especially once y'all remember this one last thing.
You know all the whomers Christmas springing that popcorn up on the street.
You know what I mean?
I'm going to have to say God must be a big, big, big bowl for the candy.
Extra butter, the little money.
Like you do.
Like you do.
Like you do.
That's what he said.
At 5.60 W.A.M.
Six new planets found around distant stars.
Oooo!
Astronomers have found evidence of six new planets orbiting distant stars
bringing to 28th.
The planets known as this outside of our own solar system.
An international team of astronomers announced yesterday that all newly discovered planets are about the size of Jupiter or larger.
And they all orbit star 65 to 192 light years from Earth.
At least five of them given their distance from their stars could have liquid water, liquid water.
A fundamental requirement for life to researchers said.
The planets present with discovered by measuring a very slight motion distortion or wobble of the target star.
The wobble is caused by the gravitational pull from a planet that orbits a star.
Five of the six new planets are within what is called the habitable zone.
Unlike Florida.
This is a region around the star where temperatures would allow liquid water to exist.
Planets and moons inside the habitable zone are thought to be too hot for liquid water.
And those outside the zone are thought to be too cold.
These planets are just not too hot, not too cold, just like that porridge.
That's right, just right.
With temperatures in one case around 108 degrees Fahrenheit, just like a hot day in Sacramento, they said.
And what's wrong with a hot day in Sacramento, huh?
Exactly.
I like Sacramento.
A lot.
So what does God think of that, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line?
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil Hawaii.
Great.
To that guy in Bokeh who has a Delphi up, I'd like to know what table he's watching.
I can't every time trying to watch a program on a regular table station,
guess what a Delphi does in the middle of that program, right?
Back in the middle.
They go to a commercial.
Oh, they go to one of those insert spots?
Yeah, it's like, and first of all, it's not even clear.
It's scrambled.
Right.
And then all of a sudden, magically the program comes back.
And you've missed about 10 to 15 minutes of the other show.
Great.
Excellent.
And the second is just, Panther fans come out and see this team.
It is just one of the most exciting teams to watch right now.
And for that range of game, not to be sold out.
Yeah.
If they had one sell out this season.
It's an absolute shame.
They haven't had one sell out this season.
The closest they came was that Saturday night game against Detroit.
And of course, you know they had two or three or four thousand Tony Detroit fans there.
And I, other than that, they had to come close to selling the game out.
I mean, not one.
I mean, they're home record is unbelievable.
They got the best home record.
I think Ty would at least now.
I love a win in the whole league.
And the hottest goal tender in the league.
Next to Curtis Joseph, right?
Yep.
Neil, right on the material.
Okay, great.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And on the World War, what happened with that number?
1, 8, 7, 7.
Somebody took the oh here it is.
Doesn't make any difference.
It fell down, but we don't need it anyway.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 53, 45 on the USA line.
And you notice I gave the list of all those other cities.
You think anybody is listening to no cities.
No, it cares about when they're getting this, no.
No, but I do give the list.
As in early December along with Miami, Detroit, Denver, San Francisco and Washington, D.C.
LA in New York, as you'd expect, they're the first ones they already got it.
They got the local sandals on right now on your direct TV.
And maybe somebody who's got Echo Star, who's got what's the other one?
The Dish TV.
Maybe they can call and tell us whether they get, whether they also have that.
Because there is a difference in the programming that's available.
I really don't know what it is.
I do know I love direct TV and I wouldn't change for all of all the P and China.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi Neil, I got a lot of information.
Yes sir.
The Slogy for the Millennium is I die without my direct TV.
Uh huh.
No, Neil.
All of your signals are already on the satellite.
I have a special access card.
And three o'clock in the morning.
Is it an illegal card?
I have an illegal card.
Illegal card.
I have an illegal card.
And then all the signals are up there.
Yeah.
I watch them.
There are D3, I watch them.
San Francisco, I watch them.
Detroit.
Not a very good city, by the way.
They're beating everything.
What do you mean by that?
What Detroit?
Detroit's not a very good city.
No, the world is new.
You used to be though.
Well, it did.
Well, Southfield, one time was in my city.
Right, telegrams I called.
Well, right.
Yeah.
One field down, Taisel Park, 11 mile into Kwinder, right.
Well, I was there only for my cousin's bond.
That's about 1860.
That's long enough.
That's long enough.
Yeah, it was.
But all the signals are up there.
I was slipping through the 900s last night.
So I don't know why there should be much of a delay and you being able to get them to send down the signal on your access card.
But it should be, yeah.
I don't have an illegal card like some people out there.
I have to do it the legal way, yeah.
I'm not, Neil, I understand.
Well, I'm not proud of what I do.
But I had to get the Yankees out of Fox 5 New York and I found the way.
Right.
So that's why I have a card.
Of course, I have a big dish.
So I get those games already legally on the big dish, but never long.
Well, you got that.
I'm a schmuck, you know, I pay for stuff.
Well, I pay for my acts.
I have my illegal, illegal, illegal, illegal.
Yeah, we'll be there.
You pay for your illegal card.
That's okay.
In fact, you would like to know where you got it.
Yeah.
I'll call back there.
Okay.
By the way, in all fairness to the Sun Sentinel, they did have an article yesterday.
Oh, yesterday?
Yesterday saying that the president has expected to sign this bill and telling this bill is the satellite amendment to the URA.
I didn't see it.
It must have been, you know, in the middle of the art, must have been like a one sentence in the middle of a big article about the budget bill.
It was, actually, it was a headline article in the Living Arts section for the first time in a long time.
Oh, it's probably part of what I would watch then.
Well, I understand I was boring at six o'clock in the morning.
I would rather the whole Sun Sentinel.
Yeah.
But they had it.
Nobody else had it.
They had it.
Right.
To my surprise and to my utter joy.
The 900s were alive and kicking the three o'clock in the morning.
So in other words, the Miami channels are already up there?
Yeah.
All the three ABC, ABC, NBC, and DCCBS and Fox.
My question is, because I'm stuck.
I'm waiting.
What about the independent channels?
They're not going to be on there?
Not yet.
And that's my question.
We will 69 be on there so I can watch.
He came once in a while and not going to have a crummy signal from my cable company.
That's my big concern.
I mean, 60 years.
They're on the whole page.
Yeah, Miami.
I don't know.
Well, so that's the only, all the network affiliates are up and running.
I don't see any independence on the dish at this point.
I'm sure it's going to be more than just network affiliates.
Well, you would think that.
But what they say that your local channels are going to be on there?
It's got to be more than just network affiliates.
I would think that there are some channels that are hot.
And they have a graphic indicating for local access.
And maybe that's where the 69s and the 33 of the worlds are going to be on there.
Well, I hope so.
Anyway, it's a great day.
I'm going to be on the Direct TV.
Subscribe illegally for the last six months.
Okay.
Well, listen, when you hear that knock on the door, you're just crawling to the bed.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
Retracing the call.
5.6M, we got 1,600 open lines here.
One of the most exciting days in the history of mankind.
Like I said, I better repeat that at noon.
Okay.
That whole thing I played from Direct TV.
Because then we might have somebody listening all the way down it.
5.670560, wake up at Trent comes out on Thursday.
It's going to be grim.
Because we're going to be losing July.
It's going to be August, September, October.
We had a gigantic month in July.
So already we're up against it.
And then of course with the fact that everybody's listening to that Smeagmo103.5 and a disco
music.
Look at this.
We got two calls on the board here.
This is just staggering to me.
It's just amazing that in just a matter of moments, you could lose the entire audience, which we have.
They're all gone.
5.670560, POM 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call from Kate Coral, huh?
Kate Coral, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The FGIV is so excited about this satellite program.
A major concern of his.
How about his life?
Did you have a life?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Hey, by the way, the news press or Myers had that article on the...
What's another one you don't care about?
Is that what you're saying?
I'm very, I'm very concerned about it.
You like the cable people.
You like being held captive by the cable people.
I have to break the news to you, sir.
But this state is so guided and boring, and especially over where you are, that having a TV,
if they took your TV away, you'd probably come at suicide.
Yeah, that's true.
I want to talk about that.
I want you a lot of TV.
Well, how else are you going to do with that?
Hey, let's do the news press.
I also had the beesle start talking about that.
Well, we can't talk about that.
It's a quiet period.
We can't talk about that.
Yeah, it's in the newspapers, but we can't talk about it because it's a quiet period.
Whatever the hell that means, okay?
Whatever that means.
We know what it's all about.
5.670560, POM 560 on the AT&T line.
8777-785-0.
8777-785-6345 on the famous USA line.
This is 560-QAM.
Kim Polka for Talks Sports.
Right here.
I'm sports radio 560-QAM.
I'm sports radio 560-QAM.
My head's on me.
My body's on me.
My body's on me.
One, two, three, four, five.
I come on over honey now.
Come and take a drive to my big house in Chaffelet, Claw.
We can both get juiced and maybe a little dynamite.
The wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in the candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I got threats.
My dogs told me they're in peace.
You remember little Billy.
You're leaning, Tara.
Please, it's gonna be a wild time.
Not the home in New York.
Just to me, they're on cheating.
It's like a sport.
I'm just my side.
It's all good.
I'm an awful honey now.
I blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of Monica in my life.
A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now, a little bit of Monica is what I see.
When she's far away, that's still a rate.
A little bit of Monica is what I need.
A little bit of Monica in memory.
A little bit of Monica here I am.
A little bit of you on my happy man.
That's a fucking fast kiss.
You know what I got?
Hangover in a pool of three.
They got the booths.
You're briefly 67.
Tonight.
And then we got, oh, look at that.
Beth Kuhn cookman at the Herakunz.
On a Tuesday?
Oh, that's basketball.
I'm sorry.
That's a basketball.
Beth Kuhn cookman and my name is Herakunz.
And then it's Kaplan after the basketball game.
So we got a heavy duty schedule tonight.
Anybody interested in that?
You and Herakun?
No.
Basketball game.
Come on.
Let's get with it.
Of course you'd be able to watch a lot of this stuff.
Now we better find out, because this release again says,
almost immediately top-selling, et cetera,
companies began offering local ABC, CBS, NBC, and Fox Channel,
in some of the largest markets.
Better find out if some of the independents are also going to be on there,
because before anybody decides to make the big switch,
like if they're obsessed with Channel 33, 39, 23, 51,
whammy got for a bit, like the guy who wants to watch the heat games
once in a while.
Which I don't know what he's worried about,
because if he's got the illegal card,
he can watch the heat game on the NBA package.
You're all on there.
Aren't there, or those are the only ones from the Sunshine?
Well, whatever the other thing is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami B, chill out.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I remember a shout out on TV some years ago.
It was called the Summer Racing at Yonkers.
It was on a Sunshine or something like that.
It was called what?
The Summer Racing at Yonkers?
What about it?
It was on for like an hour.
You remember that?
You used to have the card, the theme song.
Yeah.
Why couldn't you have a show like that
with you as a moderator from Pumpkin-O on a Friday or Thursday?
No thanks.
Here's Atlanta.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to take one.
How are you talking to people on the age of 100?
Sir, Harness Racing is abandoned.
Anybody over the age of 100?
Go ahead, sir.
I'm sorry.
I've got a big one, a little one,
and an A-Core-insized one.
Uh-huh.
And I'll really tell you.
I'm not going to say anything bad for me.
From Direct TV's website, they're saying that it's going to be $5.99 for your four network
affiliates.
So, whatever that means.
For your four network affiliates, what about the other local independent stations?
Well, that's what they're saying on their website right now.
They don't mention anything about local affiliates.
And also, always people that you know,
are all saying about them.
Yeah.
You know, they complain they can't see Direct TV in their other rooms.
Well, for a hundred bucks you can buy a modulator.
You put the signal on whenever channel you want, and you can watch it on a Me TV.
Now wait a minute.
But you know the way...
How do you watch different channels and different sets?
Well, like I've got the big digital digital digital.
I've got to have a different...
Right, but I've got to modulate it.
It'll take both signals, put them on two different channels,
and you can watch simultaneously.
Okay.
We're great.
Where do you get that?
Like a radio share?
Now, you got to order it from, you know,
from place it specializes in satellite products.
Okay.
Okay.
They'll take care.
Thanks.
So before we get too excited about this, and I was really whipped up to a friend's you about it,
and I'm just a little less...
Because I don't really care.
Do I need to see whammy?
No.
Do I need to see channel 33 ever again?
No.
Or 39?
No.
No.
No.
In fact, that would be a bonus to me if I never did see 23 or 51.
I can watch Salvador Giugante in the Big Dish.
Huh?
I can watch the Big One in the Big Dish.
I want to see the little one turn on the little dish.
56701.
What happened to that call from Atlanta?
Too bad.
We're paying for it in the immediate.
I did which one was the guy?
Just now?
Big Dish, Little Dish, a corn.
That was the guy from Atlanta.
It's got an acorn.
Jesus Christ, I'll linch his ass.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I hate to put a damper on your part.
You hear?
We want to hear the information for the correct information.
Okay.
The correct information is...
You work for the cable company?
No, no, no.
I'm an satellite business.
I'm all for satellite in the whole landscape.
I'll do it.
But we don't want to give any misinformation.
No, but the truth is the truth.
Right.
First of all, Dish Network has had local channels for a year already.
How can they do that?
They've had...
They've had in the 13 biggest markets in the United States of which Miami is included.
Dish Network has been broadcasting the four major network affiliates of each of those 13 cities
available only in those areas for almost a year.
Directly, we'll be doing the same thing.
I think in the top 50 markets, I don't know if the top 50 are going to be ready.
The top 20 within the next one.
Okay.
But again, it's only the four Fox ABC, CVS, and VC.
It's only the four network affiliates in each of these cities.
So there will be no independent channels?
I don't know.
Who knows.
You've got to be no Mr. Director Vita.
I had to get the answer to that.
This is what Dish Network has been doing for a year already.
This is what Directive V is doing here.
The network could have done that.
I have found it hard to believe.
No, it's been a...
If it was been a guy, it's been precluded by a lot of them.
They haven't been able to do satellite companies have been allowed to carry local channels.
They've been able to do a lot of additional work websites.
They've had the 13 top US markets of which Miami is included.
They've been up and running.
What's the biggest game?
I have no idea.
Because they were one of the co-apacans along with Directive V.
It was Echo Star, which is this TV.
Right.
They have the logo...
What did they accomplish?
They've been up and running.
Maybe there was litigation that was going to prevent them from keeping them up there.
This is now...
Now this is the answer for them that they definitely can keep them.
But they've had them up there for a year like Dallas, Miami, LA, New York, the major cities.
For people that live in Dave Barrett and Palm Beach County,
still the best thing is to just get a local TV antenna.
It's not a big deal.
I'm in a satellite business and most of our customers, we install a satellite system for them.
We clip the cable and we put up a local TV antenna for them also.
And then you get all your regular channels and you don't pay for them.
Yeah, and the people that want to get all the UI chiefs,
even just an inside UI chief antenna, depending on where you live,
you'll pay for all these stuff.
69 is tough though.
Yeah, 69, I don't know what they're using for a tower over there,
but it definitely...
Oh, that's me!
That's me!
That's me!
Yeah, that sucks.
All right.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Okay.
Anybody know what he just said?
No.
Okay.
See, I don't have this TV.
I just...
Not that I want to doubt his word, because he sounds like a reasonable guy.
He's a satellite guy.
But are we sure what he just said?
Oh!
About this TV antenna?
Well, we'll give a lot of good misinformation out here.
They just like we did today, we talked about computers
and put everybody into a coma, including me that day.
Well, I'm still sorry about that.
Almost the sorry is end of the day that I wasted my whole life for Gary Sartre yesterday,
speaking to computers.
Thanks a lot, Gary, you jackass.
Oh, when I went to yesterday with the tech people and the support people
and clicking this and clicking that and doing this and calling in a cell phone and one ear,
and a portable phone and the other ear, and a computer on my laptop.
Oh, get out of here with that already for Christ's sake.
Okay.
I sure like Mindspring.
I'll tell you that.
Nobody...
What are you...
What are you shortening about in there?
I do.
I've used them for two years.
I like them.
I have no problems with them.
I endorse them enthusiastically and heartily, and I will continue pay...
If I have to pay for their service, I have no problem for that with that.
I like them.
A lot.
Me too.
There you go.
We like Mindspring.
Oh!
Gary.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
I came up on cable about six months ago because I mean it was terrible.
So what I did was I bought the satellite dish, and along with it I got a little antenna
that mounts right onto the ditch at about $50.
Right.
And I get all the local channels, including the independence.
Oh, you got to do it as well.
Oh, you do it as you switch from three to your local channel now.
You're particular local channel, and you get them all.
Right.
You get your satellite stuff on channel three, and all the other stuff comes in on the channel.
Correct.
Correct.
Now it's only $49 a brand smart, and you don't have to deal with any kind of additional charges to get your local channels.
And are plenty of people, by the way, who are paying more than $49 if they get HBO or this stuff like that, they're paying more than $49 a month to the cables just for one month.
Correct.
Correct.
So this works out real well, and the reception is fine.
I mean, no, there's no problem at all with it.
So all I use it is just for the news and so forth, and then I watch all my programming on the satellite.
Yeah. Well, let's hope that by another six or seven months that only a small handful of desperate people are either one left with the cable.
Oh, I should play.
Exactly.
In fact, it'll probably become a social thing that people won't even admit that they've got it anymore.
Yeah, I see you like a pariah.
Okay, pal.
All right, thanks for the good news.
There's a guy who got smart a long time ago.
Just saying goodbye to the cable except that one guy on West Booker who loves the Delphiah cable and probably works with the company.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We'll get to the bottom of all of this.
And like I said, if it really is, that would be let's see, 4, 6, 7, and 10.
What else do I need?
Do I need those UI Chef channels?
No.
Which I can get them with a God damn, with one of those little UI Chef circular antennas with a circle jerk.
No problem at all.
But I don't need to ever see them again.
Especially when you got 75,000 other channels on your God damn satellite dish.
This is what I don't understand.
I don't get it.
I just don't get it.
10 past 11 at 5, 60, 001.
They're just a lot of brain neurons.
It's the same people that even a live screen that want to have the cable.
Or just don't even want the God damn cable.
I just want to watch their local channels.
That's all.
And wait for Ralph Renek and Anne Bishop to come on.
All right, this is Bill's infrared.
The other tub is a QAM.com for all the latest dolphins information in your channel.
And great price is playing beat the broadcast.
Sports Radio 560s, LWQA.
Oh God.
Living in the early morning can be very grassy.
With no content to the old politicians,
fresh off the boat, paparazzi.
It's no better to be icon dead.
I don't care.
Outside of school, you'll send jobs.
That's what I just want.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Whatever happens to all the dolphins things to have.
Nobody gives a crap.
And it controls my tomatoes.
It's the land of the brain dead.
So I prefer to scratch my bones instead.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
So here's some more info that they're facts immunized from the satellites thing.
It says once they start offering the local channel satellite TV producers will have providers
will have six months to hammer out required retransmission agreements with the networks by 2002.
Companies that carry any local broadcast stations in the market would have to carry all of them by 2002.
So obviously they'll be phasing in the other independent networks.
Probably like she said on the thing that I played, the most popular, the networks that the independence that have any audience,
there are going to be the ones that they're going to be putting on first then by 2002 they'll have to have all of them on there.
Analyst said the law will open new doors for satellite companies which were losing customers and wanted local channels.
This is a big sigh really for the industry said Derek Bain of Paul Kagan Associates in Caramel California.
And the major market certainly cable is going to have much stronger competition.
Local channels will cost $5.99 a month on top of the other services customers select.
$5.6 a month.
$6.6 a month. Direct TV satellite packages started $14.99.
The average subscriber spends about $58 a month. They said but that figure also includes pay-per-view movies and televised events and things like HBO,
services that you pay for extra sporting packages, etc.
$6.6 a month.
As opposed to the $38 a month you're paying, that's what I pay in the media one now.
For cable what do you pay?
35.
So 35 to 40 bucks a month.
$6 a month for the local network affiliates, crystal clear picture,
and you get 8 million other services that aren't available on the cable besides for your basic package,
for less than what you're paying the cable.
Plus the opportunity to buy how many are there 100 on the channel's 100 to 200.
There's 100 pay-per-view movies plus all your HBO and cinemasks and showtime and whatever the other one is.
Movie channel.
And then all your sports packages.
I mean it's like the guy said before, between the quality of the picture and the available programming,
it's like the difference between day and night.
Here's Margate. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing?
Great to get to talk to you.
You have a guy called about the, what was it, the dish network, the local for a year now or whatever.
You have to put two dishes up for that.
You have to put two 18-inch dishes up.
And play shit. What do you mean by that? You have to put two dishes up.
You got to put one face and one direction and then you know how the one goes in the south,
the west direction.
Yeah.
Yeah and that's the way you can pick it up.
Or you can lie until I'm here in an area code with your zip code that you know I live in an area where I can't get cable
and I can't put up an antenna and there no give it to you.
So give you what the local, okay. I never heard of that.
Yeah. I just did one for a friend of my father's and he told him I can't put an antenna up and they got the local
and now they caught on to him and they shut his local off and now he wants me to come out and put the antenna up
and you know it's like when cable first came out.
Well say but now you don't have to go through all of that. Now you don't have to play any games anymore.
I know. I love it. I've been a satellite but I've had it since day one when it came out.
When I used to live in Marigold it was like $11 a month for the satellite package for your cable.
Yeah. Now I live out in Deerfield Beach it's like $35 for their satellite you know basic line for just your local.
So I really like that.
You're talking double talk you you keep confusing satellite with cable.
$35 a month for cable you may not know for like for my local TV in Deerfield Beach just for my local.
Just to get a line to get my local channels through my cable company is $35.
Yeah.
When I lived in Marigold you keep saying satellite you keep intermixing with two.
Have a great day sir before we lose our minds. Thank you.
Don't you love the way that these people are clear and concise and right at the point and you can't understand a goddamn thing with their sand.
Oh my God.
567 oh we got 16,000 open lines on here today and what I thought was a pretty goddamn exciting day and guess what?
It's not.
Man oh man what does it take what does it take to awaken the dead does anybody have the answer.
I sure as hell don't man wait till I'm 10 comes out on Thursday.
We're going to be playing goddamn European music starting Friday morning.
It's right four hours a day Neil and his favorite European hits.
567 oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line toll free 877 785 6345 785 Neil for the world for the universe toll free.
They're desperate to pay for it.
Are they calling on it? No.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
I've got some information here for you on the satellite.
I pay the monthly service plus the sales tax.
That's it. On the cable you pay the monthly service plus the sales tax plus the franchise fee of 5% to the city plus an FCC regulatory fee which goes to the federal government.
In turn if you get the dish you're not going to have to pay this franchise fee of 5.
Well I mean then we don't need to break it down in a weird school and who it's going in this tax and thumb tax.
We're talking dollars and cents that's what people can relate to.
That's the number of dollars per month is it $38 is it $35 that's what people can relate to.
Not the thumb tax and the nail tax and the goddamn whatever other tax.
Yeah but they'll buy by having the dish eliminate the franchise.
Okay thank you.
And the hip-hop is directed to the welcome phone.
Right sir is that right? Thank you.
Why do you take something that is pretty simple pretty basic that even a child can understand it and only the people in this town can make it so guy that complicated.
You just want to you want to pick God damn cotton or something like that or pick seeds out of your head or something.
Jesus quite pal.
I just get through to them. Nobody cares about that.
All they wanted to is tell me how much is it going to cost me relative to what I'm paying now and how am I going to get what do I have the opportunity to get.
That's what people can relate to.
Not as it's dumb and it would be like saying well you're look take a look at your FB and L.ville.
You're paying so much for that. Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
They just want to know in dollars and cents when they walk into a store to buy a television set they don't want to find out how much is for the condenser and how much is for the picture tube and how much is it for the goddamn those big tubes that they don't make anymore.
How much is it for all of that?
They don't care about those things. They just don't what's the price of this unique.
That's what they want to know.
You understand sir?
No.
I didn't think so.
I'm telling you it just takes the life out of me to try to the wonder I sit here in beg for call.
I'm not just not on a wavelength with these people.
I don't know what people I'm on a wavelength but I'm not on the wavelength with these people.
It's like the people that go in.
Four people. Two couples go in to a restaurant.
They order a meal. They sit down and then they take the check and they got to dissect. They got to dissect and they got to divide and they drive up there and they're goddamn jukenoo and they're goddamn cotton elder.
They're big reveal and then they sit there for a half an hour dividing and arguing and poaching around how much do I owe and how much is for the tax and for the tip and then etc and so on.
That's what this guy reminds me of the same crap.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I knew you would.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Okay.
Look thank you for mentioning the channel 2351 to Spanish and the reason that I also put my dish was because I'm able to get a channel from all the countries like Central American South America with the dish with small dish.
No you're not.
Yeah.
No you're not.
Yes I am.
No you're not.
Yes I am.
Like what? What channel are you getting in the small dish from Central America?
Like for example I get a channel from Chile and it's called Sur.
And with that channel you're sur.
The South.
To Sur would love?
Yeah.
And then with that channel you can have that.
Where do you get that?
Well from what service do you have?
What do you have?
This network.
Well that's a communist style.
Yes.
And this network is a special antenna comes with two OMBs and I'm telling you it's a great dish.
And by the way if you need a legal card can get it for free.
No thanks.
No thanks.
We're tracing the call so you better hang up.
Five six seven.
Yeah probably he knows for the L2.
But by the way it's coming to town this weekend.
Yeah he don't want to go to Seattle because they're looking for him there so he's just going to come here instead.
We'll be safe.
Five six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe he's going to Louise in the Bronx.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing today?
Great.
I called I call I've had direct TV now for about a year and I've been waiting trying to get local channels or any of them.
Well here's your day sir.
Oh no not the moment.
What?
Listen now listen.
I called last night.
Yeah.
It may an hour to finally get through.
Yeah.
And they still go by your zip code.
I told them here's a go they used to sell you the network package and you can get each coast and west.
What do you mean they go by your zip code?
If you are in an area I live up in Wellington and I'm still served by Palm Beach.
The local channels up here they will not sell me the network feed from east and west coast because I am served by a local market.
And from my image is going to be coming online soon but I'm not in the Miami ADI either.
West Palm Beach I said could be 68 months.
But I used to be able to pay $6 or $8 and I could get ABC and VCCVS from east and west coast.
And then they turned it off on me about a year ago and I thought with this new legislation that they were going to re-enact that but basically what the direct TV guy told me last night was.
Don't you know anybody in Dayton Broward?
I went to all three networks up here and asked for a security check.
They said you didn't know anybody in Dayton Broward.
You have to lie you have to be creative.
You have to tell them you live in Broward kind of they can't tell where you live.
Don't you understand? Call them up and tell them you moved and give the address of a friend of yours and that's the way you do it.
Because all they do is you have a card in your unit I'm sure.
You have to have a card but also you have also got all of your number.
You are not listening to me just do what I tell you. Just lie.
I will try to lie but they also know your phone number is because the boxes are hooked to your phone line.
Yeah.
So you can tell them that you live in plantation or whatever and you can't get a signal but they also know that they know the phone number because each one of your receivers is hooked to a phone line.
They know your area code and your first three prefixes.
So I'm just telling you that what a lot of people believe happened with this new legislation did not happen and we're still under the grasp of the law.
You and POMB you're not under the grasp of anything sir.
This is the change in law okay.
If you live in the market, date county, Broward county, the Miami market.
You don't live in the Miami market and you're not smart enough to lie and you want to argue with me about it for half an hour.
Which I don't want to do.
What if I give you the appropriate answer just lie. Why?
Look what time it is already.
Three minutes I wasted with that because you won't listen to me.
You have to be creative sir. You have to have a little ingenuity which obviously you don't.
Head cap with nose the scores starting in.
So the last came in week night only on sports radio 560.
Q.A.F.
Floridians dumb as dirt.
Yeah, if you know home.
Yes, I have.
If you know director there, I could talk to you.
Yes, a moment. Thank you.
Hello, this is Pradell. May I help you?
Hi, let me ask you something.
What's the best way to commit suicide if you don't want to mess up the corpse?
Oh, it would have to be some kind of a drug or in hailins.
In hailins often turn into a cherry red so you almost have to go with the drug.
Okay, because I'm thinking of killing myself and my mom, I know she's not going to want to bury a corpse with her brains all blown out.
Well, that's pretty final step.
Yeah, you'll see me in there.
That's a pretty final step.
I'm the one with a guar tattoo and the pantarotat too.
They're my favorite bands. They're the only ones that love me.
Oh, really?
You'll see me.
Yeah.
Thanks for the advice. I'm going to kill myself like that.
Well, thank you.
Just make sure you use the right ones.
Otherwise, you might really put yourself into some sick positions.
So what should I use to kill myself?
Well, you're going to have to use something that's strong enough that it's going to do it even after a year going to go herend.
Okay, give me an example. I want to make sure I get it.
Fortunately, you have prescription for most all of those.
Dad says only freaky people play with dead bodies.
Who dead?
My daddy. Are you freaky?
Yeah.
You say I got a freaky.
No, well, you'll see my firm, young naked body.
Thanks for the advice. I'm out of kill myself. Creepy.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
26-till-no.
Is there any coincidence that I play that right there?
No.
Not just the coincidence. I'm ready right now.
Wow.
And to show you just how sharp this audience is, how on top of this issue they are,
this was just fast to me.
Dish network started this deal beaming the local channels yesterday.
The 13 selected cities around the country beaming A, D, C, C, B, S, M, B, C, and Fox local affiliates.
And guess what the 13 markets are?
It started yesterday. It's on right now on this TV.
For $4.99 a month, by the way.
Not $5.99 like the direct TV. $4.99 a month.
New York Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco, Boston, Washington, D.C.,
Dallas, Fort Worth, Atlanta, Miami, Phoenix, Denver, Pittsburgh, and Salt Lake City.
Not Palm Beach, Loser. Sorry.
What if he won for my life?
Well, he's whining and whining and what?
I'm sorry. I don't live in Palm Beach.
I'm not snooty enough to live in Palm Beach.
Okay. I'm very sorry, sir.
No, in fact, I'm very happy I don't live in Palm Beach with all those blue noses and brown asses up there.
I'm not interested.
Oh, well, the government is doing this to us again.
And they see if you had a brain and stop being such a hard ass.
You learn how to lie.
And of course, if you had a friend anywhere in the world, you had an address out of town.
And you could have had the East and the West feeds already on the networks.
Like anybody else with a brain could do.
But you obviously don't have any friends, even in Palm Beach.
Much less out of town.
It says this network now gives consumers a real alternative to the rising rates and poor customer service of cable TV.
Echo Star also plans to offer independent network channels in some markets along with the network affiliates and the national PBS feed.
To find out how you can get your local channels along with hundreds of channels of popular satellite TV programming.
Visit www.dishnetwork.com or call 1-800-333-DISH.
There you go.
So it sounds to me like maybe Dish Network is even better.
Although I don't know if Dish Network has got all those sports packages.
And I asked about an hour ago if somebody would tell us about that.
And did they tell us?
No.
No, all I give is a big cock and bull story about how for over a year now you can get the local channels on DISH TV.
Well you can get them as of yesterday, okay?
Because waiting for the audience to pass along some information, you can wait until God damn hell freezes over in whatever that guy was talking about people in Central America.
And we're archival.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 05-5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As we continue putting our lips together we're going to take the hard time.
And we'll remember like that.
Come in here in the morning all whipped up.
The first thing I see is some goddamn good news finally.
And it's not even noon yet.
They've already got a set pulling our hair out by the roots.
Here's Davy.
Hello?
Mr. Rogers.
Yes sir.
I used to sell direct TV before that I sold Prime Star.
I work with the cable companies right now.
Oh I'm so sorry.
Any problems that you have or questions that you have I think I can answer them.
What problems with what?
First of all I heard the Spanish guys talking about the international station he was getting.
Yeah.
That is available on direct TV.
It is?
They have a system in Miami only.
Only see the Miami called Paratotos.
And you get all the...
Oh that's all the fixed days.
I don't want to get that.
Yeah I get all the Spanish stations that way.
I don't want to see that.
But you also get an HD ready system.
I don't want that either.
I'm not going to go spend 10 grand for a TV set.
You're not going to get the HD TV?
No I'm not.
Okay.
I've long gone from this country before I got ready to get one of those.
Now you're friend up in Wellington who was saying he didn't get local stations up there.
Yeah.
I'm not going to be available in Palm Beach.
Good.
It's only available in Dayton, Brown.
Good.
Because I started...
I'm delighted.
I'm ecstatic to hear that.
I will be never gets the channel.
Because we're doing major markets first.
Right.
And Palm Beach.
Palm Beach.
I'm like this.
I'm 100.
That's right.
So they don't...
So they don't...
When New York is going to get it before Palm Beach is gone here and what I...
So they won't get it.
Right.
Good.
The local stations are available on the small dish.
It's just a matter of technically how they're going to get them operating before December 31st.
Because they're deadline in December 31st.
But they don't have a hard date when they're going to put the locals down.
Who are you talking about day?
Direct TV.
No, Direct TV is already saying early December they're going to have a myelia.
But yeah, that's not going to probably happen.
It's going to be probably...
Right before the New Year hits.
Because they always say something and then later on it doesn't happen.
No, they're already on the New York in LA.
I know, but I'm talking about that here.
No, but we had the guy called before who's got the illegal card who's watching...
Who's got access to all the 900 channels.
He's got a pirated card.
I'm talking about people who pay for it.
No, but when you're serious, not listening to me.
The point I'm trying to make to you is that the local affiliates, the local Miami network affiliates,
already on 900 channels up there.
They're already there.
Yes.
Yes.
All they have to do is give people access to them.
That's right.
That's something I don't know when that's going to happen.
Well, it's going to happen early December.
I mean, if you have...
There's certainly not going to go on there in LA about what...
Whether that's in LA, I have to do my just say they missed their deadline.
No, I don't think so.
Now, for the independent stations like Miami, they're not going to be on the day.
Good.
It's only that network affiliates.
There's a lot.
There you go, Barry.
Do you have a bag of...
Sir, is it right?
It's only that a market affiliate is about when.
Because those are ones who went to Congress and lobbied.
But let me say it again.
It's just by 2002, they will have to carry all the channels, all the local channels in any market
that they carry channels in.
That's correct.
Yes.
That's correct.
So wait a minute.
That's right, Louis.
You can live without Miami for two years.
Maybe they'll actually have something on by 2002.
Somebody might want to watch all the way down, but maybe.
You never know.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Because the picture gets a little cloudier and cloudier.
I thought we were clear in the picture up.
It's a clear...
Like, reach right in there and touch it.
And this guy wants to hack me a China about HDTV.
Do I want HDTV?
No.
Is there more than like five shows available at HDV programming anyway?
No.
Okay, let's run by for 10 grand at HDTV.
Said, looks great.
Real impressive.
Called in all the neighbors.
Sit around for 20 or 30 hours.
Waiting for a show to come on at HDTV.
On a channel, by the way, that's telecasting an HDTV.
Oh my God.
24 NUME at 560 WQA.
I'm going to go back home and sit there in front of my computer.
Yeah, going like that.
Saying Gary Sarners, let me...
Still can't get through.
NUME.
So help me if those people call me today.
I will come on the year here tomorrow and do such a tirade.
I will mention their name.
I'm serious.
I don't want to be bothered with them anymore.
The answer is just leave me alone.
Here's the gaggy sucks, okay?
Okay.
He lives on Quistory.
Linkers rounds on Quistory.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
Hitches, toes and pets is monkey.
Women's clothes make them look real funky.
The wind is worse and the nose wants to do.
He don't see any.
A chill.
He lives on Quistory.
Here at 4, we're all the creatures to me.
Hi, what's your life there?
Billy is there.
He's at the life of just fine.
You know you think that's my life, don't you?
NUME.
He lives on Quistory.
Linkers rounds on Quistory.
He has a house and garden.
14th you'll know at 5.60 W.A.M.
We're trying to straighten this whole thing out.
I'm so glad I brought this up.
You try to start out with the best of intentions.
Here's some good news.
Most people don't know about this yet.
A lot of people have been waiting for it and it turns out
that they've been waiting for it all night.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, just remember that thousands of years ago
they had all those tables, all those hand-me-down tables,
those bubble-mysies.
I want you to invest your entire life, all your energies,
all of your thought process, in all those bubble-mysies.
Just listen to these people one after another.
Here we are to the almost the end of this century allegedly,
even though we've got another year to go.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Okay, sure.
Gosh, it's been ages since you played that song.
Well, there you are.
Yeah, I was thinking of, I was just thinking of like,
I was wondering if that song's talking about Richard Geer.
Anyway, I didn't listen to your show yesterday
so I really don't know what was going on.
I did catch the initial part.
Yeah.
It's for when you were talking about the weed,
but then I turned off after that because I had to go to work.
I was wondering about any chance,
would Jimmy Johnson, don't think the dolphins have a shot?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I won't give the out of time number because we'll get another call like that.
Here's a payphone and deer field.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sure.
A couple of things about the dish.
I've had the dish for a couple of years now,
and they recent, about a year ago, they shut off.
It wasn't the local stations, but I had the network package,
which was the two ADCs, two CVSs, and the F.
So I just didn't know if you were aware of that.
This was available down here for about,
I mean, I had it for about a year and a half,
and they just recently turned it off.
Yeah.
Okay, off, I want to let you know.
I know they see people, you folks keep bringing up all these spurious things,
and all it does is confuse people out there who don't know what that's all about.
It isn't relevant to this in any way, shape or form.
Okay, this is not relevant.
This is relevant.
The only thing that's relevant is that here's an opportunity to say goodbye to your cable company.
That's the most important thing.
Is to give yourself a zillion more choices to see a thousand times more programming,
and pay maybe very little more, maybe not even anymore, and the say goodbye to cable.
Okay, one more thing I want to tell you?
Yes.
I know they tell you you have to have your phone line plugged in for the satellite.
No, you don't.
I know, you don't.
That's only if you want to do pay-per-view.
But you don't need it for pay-per-view.
What it does is it stores up on the card.
That's how they find out if you order pay-per-view movies and sports packages.
If you don't have it hooked up, you still get your pay-per-views.
It's just they can't bill you for them.
I had the dish at an apartment, and you have the card in it.
I didn't have the phone line hooked up not even for a second.
The whole time I lived there at this apartment, I got the NHL package, the football package.
I ordered 25 pay-per-view movies, and I didn't get a single bill.
Did you ever get out of the house?
No.
No.
He was mostly the one I just said before.
Just keep confusing and confusing and pouring more.
These people must work for the cable company that are calling us today.
Just trying to confuse everybody else.
Showing off crap up in the air, and everybody's going, ah, this is too much for me.
Very simple.
There's nothing complicated about it at all.
Five, six, and all these people with illegal cards and all of a sudden crap.
Do what you want to do, okay?
Go to jail.
We'll send you flowers.
We'll send you a card every few months.
Whatever you want to do, that's up to you.
That's not what we're talking about here today.
Like all you assholes with your guy named illegal cable stuff, you know?
All your illegal cable boxes.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And maybe we might just get an interesting call on it out of town line.
You think so?
No.
Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five.
See, we've already drained Fort Myers as much as we can.
And I've noticed that now they've caught up to us.
You know what I'm saying?
You know, the people have actually had something to say.
The first few ways that we had that are out of town line.
We actually had several good calls from over there.
But now those people are all there.
That's it.
Now we're getting calls like the guy with Jimmy's got a shot.
I mean, what is that?
What is that, sir?
Is that a phone call?
Is that your material?
Is that your contribution to the human race?
Jesus, K Christ.
And his chronic mic down here in Kendall, Jesus,
might get a life.
Get a life.
Upon moving out, my parents left me their direct TV satellite receiver.
I tried to obtain service under my name, but to my disappointment,
the cards inside the receiver are now non-transformable
and I don't obtain service.
I'd have to order a new card and pay bop bop.
Why does he have to change the name?
Does direct TV know that his parents moved out?
What is wrong with you, Mike?
Like the guy up there in Palm Beach who's belly-ick and crying
because he's too stupid to lie a little bit.
I called me, you won, our local cable provider,
a quiet service to them.
Let's expand to that and get 100 channels.
Besides, much of direct TV's programming
has to be ordered to the remote to hell with the dish,
so as Mike and Kendall, Mike, you're full of crap and you're stupid.
You're a stupid, Mike.
Calls them up and has to put it in his own name.
Why couldn't you lie?
Why couldn't you say, this is Mike's dad?
Whatever your dad's name is.
This is a blowfish.
That's right, it's supposed to be on Mike's fish.
This is blowfish.
Yeah.
This is Mr. Pike.
Pike with a pee.
Not with a K with a pee.
Chases, Mike.
No wonder he's busy faxing us all day,
morning, noon, and night.
To hell with the dish, the cable's rating gets 100 channels.
How many of those channels on a cable you watch, Mike?
I like the one where they're always operating on animals.
Okay, that's my favorite one.
See, when people know nothing about something,
then they become dangerous.
Then there are really experts.
There is more entertainment on the small dish
and a better picture in any five minutes of your life
than in the next 50 years of your cable.
Okay, Mike?
But again, because he was too stupid,
just to lie a little bit and keep it in mommy or daddy's name,
and then he wouldn't have had to change the card
and pay another 90 bucks or whatever it was.
And by the way, if you have,
if you can't afford to pay the extra 90 bucks
to get the guy named Card,
how can you afford to be faxing us 50 times today?
You know what I'm saying?
How can you afford to be doing that?
Why isn't he working in Zansop scrambling to make a living
if he can't afford to pay 90 dollars for the card?
Even George could afford to do it.
Of course, he probably was going to get illegal.
But nevertheless, if I get my bonus.
Yeah, George, if he ever got his bonus,
he could afford to pay the 90 dollars,
but he can't get his bonus because we're in a quiet period.
I'm sorry.
Well, no, we're waiting for that thing to go through
which I can't talk about.
Here's Boyton Beach, hello.
Hey, Neil.
I got the additional work that I've had for about a year now.
Are the local channels on, Nossar?
Well, I don't subscribe to the local channels,
but I want to tell you you have-
Well, they are available right now.
It says they were in the release that they were available in Miami as of yesterday.
I haven't even checked because I can't get rid of my cable,
even if I want to.
Why not?
I live in a community where cable is part of the association dues.
Boy!
What kind of a ripoff is that?
It's a big ripoff.
So I have the satellite dish, and I also pay for cable.
Oh, I don't have a choice.
What a scan that is.
Yeah.
But in any case, you want to know about the sports packages on dish TV.
Right.
Okay.
There's no major league professional sports.
You can get the top.
Yeah, see, that's what I thought.
That's why I never would get this TV.
Who else wants that?
You can get the college game plan for football,
and the college full court basketball.
You can get English Premier soccer.
Well, English Premier soccer.
What's the number?
You can get cricket, and you can get rugby.
Okay, and rugby.
And of course all the WF stuff.
All right.
What?
No lacrosse?
Yeah, how about lacrosse?
I don't know about lacrosse or tiddly wings.
Uh-huh.
But actually, I actually enjoy a dish TV.
In fact, they're expanding to 500 channels in the available now.
Yeah, but no professional sports.
No real sports.
No real sports.
I'm thinking about getting a second satellite dish so I can just get the packages.
There you go.
That's all you have to do.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
There you go.
He's stuck because he's in one of those easy with the condo commandos,
and he's got to pay for the cable whether he's got it or not,
whether he watches it or not,
or they'll come and take, uh,
put his teeth in back into glass.
Whether, uh, they're false or not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 8-poor,
you four pastures out there.
I feel so bad.
I feel so bad for the people out there who are so deprived and depraved
and don't even know what they're missing.
Including the sports nerds.
This is your sports nerds station.
Like I said, the people who work on these sports shows on this station,
you ought to be screaming for people to get help up with this.
So they can finally start finding out what else going on in a real world
besides the stupid goddamn local games we got here.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like real announcers, and real goddamn teams,
and real fans, and like real sitting.
Down wall for peril comes in front of the back down,
and pulls it back to the point where the camera's gonna cry.
Move fucking fast!
Let's go!
Oh, the panic peril!
Gobbles up the rebound together, Lisa, two on the lead.
Oh, no!
All you need to know is Yannick Perot.
Now what the Jackie Lee's to say?
I don't have anything like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Oh, I'm telling you, I'm just, I'm ready for lunch.
What are you laughing about?
Let's get Tony's in here.
What?
Do you think that just does a couple of little pieces of Atlantic City sub this morning
which we appreciate very much, by the way?
But do you think that that was enough for today?
No!
No, I'm starving.
If I told you what I ate last night while I spent the three hours in a computer,
do I dare to tell you?
I went to Publix.
I got a half a gallon of Heath, woman out of healthy choice, rocky road.
At least it was healthy choice.
And see what I was going to do.
What I usually do is I'll eat like, you know, small, but I'm going to mount it up a bit.
And then what I do is take water and I put it right down the throat down
because otherwise if I keep it, I'll eat it.
But instead, because I was a captive audience sitting there in front of the computer
with his guy on the phone, hockin' me a china with my cell phone in one ear
and the other thing in my other ear and my hand in my neck.
So what did I do?
It told it.
No, not quite.
Not quite, not as well.
A lot.
It's 1157 at 560 WQ.
It was pretty good too, by the way.
Hey, if you're one of those people like me on the Atkins diet,
you're being known in, or on the Heller Diet, or any of the other,
Zade Zillion Low Carbohydrates diets, please do yourself a favor
and get to know my friends over at DelightsOfWealth,
both of the official Atkins retail center in South Florida.
It's an entire store dedicated only to low carbohydrate product.
And by the way, you know, the RC Coley we're talking about,
got a whole bunch of it at the public's yesterday and it's got,
it doesn't have saccharine.
It doesn't have, it doesn't have, it's got splendor.
It's got splendor, yeah.
Which also you can buy by the way in the packets at Delights.
They carry that.
We're buying it all, no, instead of diet.
Which unlike saccharine, it won't give you cancer.
And unlike asperity, it won't give you the EBGBs or whatever asperity
it gives you.
The EBGBs just starts saying,
oh, you're not heavy.
Only once out Florida radio station has a hammer.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Over.
Week day after noon to two sports radio 560.
Q-A-L
You're a hell of a man, my heaven,
who is our day?
Georgie Bush says that his nose is clean and never but the fitted.
Cunty's running for the wide house,
so he took 100 minutes.
Stone drunk in that mud all evening down the fused people
In college, Annie, Drunk with Doom, He even dropped some messages
Why won't George get come out and simply say he did it?
He preferred the press which shut their mouth
But it's not he who got them business
He did more than what you think
But he watched it down the sea
And he preferred cocaine to house
That's the question that he died
And he made his point much clearer
Like a razor on a mirror
But he wants us to believe
That he didn't do anything
George, he pushed his head and his nose clean
And never put the thinnest country's running for the wine house
So he just left it there with George, he's free
George, he's free
All right, come on two at 5.60 WQAM
16,000 open lines here today
I came on and you're all excited and confused about this thing
And I'd pass along some really valuable, important information, exciting information
Just say goodbye to the cable company
For years now, all I've been hearing a bitching and moaning and carrying on the cable company
The picture goes out, the quantity, the picture sucks
The price keeps going up
The service is garbage
You can't get through them for lover money
Yada, yada, yada, yada, yada
Here's a great opportunity for zillions and trillions of people from coast to coast in this country
To say goodbye to the cable people forever
And what are we getting here today?
Blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, blum, like that
We know whatever I knew at 10 o'clock this morning
Whatever I knew, I now know
400% less than what I knew at 10 o'clock
As usual
As usual
It's the old misinformation game
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, a lot of herbides, a lot of words
It's like the sports call then, it's radio station
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, a lot of misinformation non-stop
Never ends
Here's a mobile in the gables, hello?
Neil
Yes sir
Listen, I live in the gables
I got to record TV many years ago when I first came out
Yes sir
The dish that everyone was in the southwest
I lied to get the network package
Then they cut me off like everybody else has been calling you and telling you a few about a year ago
But dish network has had the other dish available
I've been getting the local network dish network
For about a year though
Not just starting today
Because they negotiated their own contracts a long time ago with those individual market stations
So what I'm hoping for now is that direct TV will be able to offer the local channels through the dish that I have pointing southwest
So I can get rid of the second dish
That would be the ideal thing, that's the only thing I don't know about
Do you know anything about that?
You lost me in the, I have no idea what you're saying
You have the direct TV little dish
Yes
Right?
It points southwest
You get all the stuff that you get, ESPN, all the sports channels all
Every channel under the sun except for a
dish network
Had an additional service which became available about a year ago
Which you could purchase a dish but you had to face it 90 degrees in the other direction
To the southwest, it's pointing southeast
Because the local channels, I don't know if it's any land
Let me say it again, you're talking again
You're making it so complicated
You're not going to need to say no matter what service you've got as of now
As of yesterday with this TV and as of in just a few days with direct TV
You're not going to need any second dish, the local channel
The local network, the local network affiliate channels will be on there
ABC, NBC, CBS, and FOX
Great, finally get rid of my second dish
There you go
But I've been cable free for five years
I literally got on the roof and cut the top of a bitch for the pair of snips
Good, just say goodbye to the cable
Thanks, the old guy
God bless you, sir, and thank God we finally got somebody straight now
It's not all the press inside kind of
Before bashing up there in Wellington
Do we feel sorry for that guy in Wellington?
No, I feel sorry for myself having to listen to his belly aching
We don't care, sir, okay?
For once, just for once, those of us who live here in South Florida in Miami and they didn't groward
We have to put up with a guy named Crazy Old Cubans
And the old Jews with the early bird dinners who can't drive
We have to put up with all that crap
Just once, let us have something good, okay?
Just once
Let us have something that you can have
Pastards
Ah, the lot of parent palmbeats
Well, maybe in the year 25-25 when Tigran Evans make a comeback
Maybe then they'll get a one to the number 700 market in the country
Maybe you'll be in on it, but I doubt it
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Pound 5, 60 on the 18th
He lined great letter of the editor in the Sun Centrel to the day by the way from Keith Hulganfeld
In plantation, nice going Keith
Who says restaurant owner has been punished enough
When will enough be enough for Mr. Takarata?
The man made a mistake when that was insensitive, I'm acceptable
But does the punishment fit the crime, says Keith?
He says the guy deserves a second chance if people have acquired a lifelong hatred from over his actions
And don't frequent his establishment
But don't take away his livelihood because he acted foolishly
And by the way, Keith, he did have a good point, Schwarzer's tip, Lausy
Everybody said that
Even the Schwarzer's himself, we had 75 million calls on that
So even though his action was unacceptable because it was illegal, nevertheless some of us understand it
They tip like crap
Mr. Takarata, leave him alone already for Christ's poor tytonian stuff
Stop brawl beating the poor son of a bitch
And by the way, isn't it nice to know that at a time when we don't have enough textbooks to go around in the schools in Dade County
And when the kids can't get it lunch at the noon time every day
That Mayor Ping decided about $8.7 million to save the goddamn circle jerk
Isn't that great?
Yeah
That's right, we got to save the circle that little piece of decrepit property there
Because we don't want to piss off the sequester Indians or whatever the hell it is
Isn't that the ones?
Yeah, we don't want to piss them off
$8.7 million we borrowed
And he's hoping that maybe we might get it
Maybe we'll find somewhere where people are going to make donations
We'll make any donations?
No
Maybe we can have another golf tournament
Yeah, let's have a QAN golf tournament
There will be a good scam to raise money to save the circle
Oh
Here's for a lot of deal, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
How are you doing?
Okay
In the first time in color
I'm calling just listen, I live in Pimburg, Pines
I'm sorry
Okay
And I do have cable which is
Sorry
I'm sorry now
It's not a late age
It's not a work
And what happens is that you know I have the right television
I am paying $15 with 95 cents every month
$15 with 95 cents
Only but what happens is they only charge $9
And I don't know where they are getting the extra $1.9 for one
To give the right television, they tie and show directly
Or need to leave right
R-A-I, Ray Wuno
Right, that's what I have
And what happens is
One day I don't know if my wife's in the check
You know, we pay by check
And it was delayed maybe for a date
And there's two people that send back and they stay in
You know what I mean with an extra $20 because we were delayed
It's your peak here
I know
And at the same time
When I was in the area
I said the wedding doubt
It's on Colione on the case
What can I do?
Maybe an offer they can't refuse, man
But what can I do?
You know what I'm talking about?
I mean sometimes when you need something you have to get it
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
And then you have to get it right
Okay, I went to some rice
So it was more
And I went on Rant's
What's the sunrise and more?
What's the sunrise and more?
What's the sunrise and more?
What if you want to go down?
I don't know what Italian is in there
So what happened is I brought you the satellite, the dish
For $200
And I brought you the same time
For $100
I brought you a bunch of things
And what happened is
I paid a mixture of $100
For the story and I have to pay it for $100
Okay, finally gave us an English word
I was beginning with an F
That was great
That was sensational
This guy must know
Songs co-ion
Yeah, wouldn't surprise me
Yeah, wouldn't surprise me
Should have found Gourla
Yeah, I found Gourla would have been alright
Okay, pal
I'll read it out there, boss Anna
It's a 10 pass note at 5.60 WKYM
The sun's out for Gourla
Yeah, it's a 10 pass note
Yeah, it's a 10 pass note
I'm looking for an A
A
A
A
A
A
Oh, right
Up to start at 16, whatever the hell it is at 5.60 WKYM
5.60, 7.05, 60, 0.5, 60
Only AT&T line we're going to hang up the cool city at 2
Bluester with six and we got the college back to ball.
The Queen, the Cookman and the Heracun's at the 7 o'clock tonight.
Here's a mobile in the North Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was calling to talk a little bit about junior George W.
I just got my latest issue of US news and world report.
And they have an article in there about he and Al Gore
and how they're both quite religious.
And he actually had to back pedal a little bit because he let it slip.
Basically that he substituted religion for his substance abuse
without saying it in those words.
But yeah.
Well, I just thought that made him a little scarier even than he was before
because he's basically the right wing religious nut just soft pedal again.
Is the opiate of the masses and what somebody once said that come on Easter?
Yes, I've been just adventure recently.
Restated that not quite so.
Yeah, before they put him back in his place, right?
Right.
You put him back in the box.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Whatever you just said.
Anybody know what he just said?
No.
Said George Bush is an asshole.
We know that.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
The outer town line.
The countrywide line.
877 785 Neil.
877 785 6345.
Very exciting news today, by the way.
And the entire community is up at arms about it, aren't they?
No.
All they got us is just pulling our hero park and clumps and clumps.
See, because the only people I'm discovering in this audience who have the God damn small dish in the first place
are people that were concerned about getting the West Coast CBS and who cares about that crap?
Who watches Network Television anyway?
What's the big stimulus with that?
Yeah, I was parked off when they took it off the big dish because I was paying for it.
That pissed me off.
But nevertheless, life goes on.
How much network programming does anybody with a brain watch anyway?
Right?
Yeah, exactly.
Teeny, teeny tiny.
And you're going to watch.
It's the same stuff, I don't matter whether you're watching it on Channel 4 in Miami or Channel whatever in New York.
60 minutes looks the same, no matter where you're watching from.
You got it?
No.
Here's the mobile in North Miami. Hello?
Yeah, Neil, I just wanted to add to your comments or your confusion on the Miami Circle.
I think since it's an Indian Circle, we ought to deed its back to the Indians to clear it's federally and let them build a casino on the darn thing and then let them pay for it.
All right.
Okay, sounds good to me.
All right.
Okay, call up Mayor Peebus and tell him.
$8.7 million borrowed to save the circle.
Anybody in this town make a peep about it?
No.
Because you people don't care about your kids.
Panda Bear, Sing Sing.
I thought that was in the New York.
Ossending New York, isn't that Sing Sing?
Yeah, it dies at the zoo up there.
And everybody, oh gee, it appeared in the head.
It put him to sleep.
The poor pair, the first thing was Ling Ling.
And now it's Sing Sing.
And yeah, three kids in Hollywood are dead from some of those gunshots again.
And nobody gives a crap about that.
Don't even make the front page anymore.
Now it's like on the inside.
Page three, page 10.
And then nobody can hear about it again.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay.
Listen, I'm calling about the circle offing the Indians.
They won that piece of land.
They're going to put a casino in there.
And they're going to start selling some free co-heavos in there.
No, okay.
Thanks.
56670560, they're going to start selling some free co-heavos in there.
You got it?
You following me, guys?
Material of one of your people.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
877, so look at this.
Look at that.
Now, no more of this.
Music.
European music starts tomorrow.
I'm going to go to the Roger Show.
Because the information just came in.
Commit to fight out.
Because I knew that they were all gone.
I've been doing this a long time.
25%.
Wait until you hear these numbers.
Latest research.
25% of the audience from the New Roger Show has gone to the Phil Henry tapes.
20% of the two live Jews down at the end of the dial on their laughing.
And 40% of the people have formerly used to listen to this program.
They're listening to disco music on Smegmo 103.
So let's see.
25, 20, and 40.
85% of our got audiences gone.
Even when we had the whole audience, we still couldn't buy any calls then.
So you can imagine now that 85% of our audiences abandoned us for anything else they could possibly find.
15% were playing with an empty deck.
Entity deck runs with Drek.
By the way, I mentioned that Gary Sarner is an asshole.
Oh, don't ever bother me with that crap again.
Gary, the answer is a big loud blow.
Got it?
A little louder.
A little louder.
Thank you.
Get out of my life.
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa.
Call me at home bugging me with this crap.
Go have somebody else pedal it.
Okay, the answer is no.
No, Gary.
No.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
And now on this local networks, I've found Rect TV also.
I just got the phone with Rect TV.
Uh-huh.
And they have two new numbers.
When you call the regular customer service number, they have an automated system that tells you that they have spotted New York and L.A.
Right.
And it'll be two to three weeks for the other markets.
Now, they give you an 800 for the whole world.
How come on channel 201, they're saying early December for Miami and I've worked on the other ones.
I've been a direct TV deal for five years.
Yeah.
And it's never when they say it is.
So they're lying.
Well, not lying.
But it'll be a couple of weeks maybe, right?
There's a major number that you call and they ask you for your telephone number.
And then it comes right back and it says not available in your area code.
Until this thing happens.
But we're looking at a couple of weeks.
Well, it's going to happen.
Right.
And it's going to be, you know, like $78 a month.
And $599 a month.
Well, we'll see.
I'm going to show you before.
No, I've handed it right here.
They're already putting the information out.
They can't change their mind.
It says local channels will cost $599 a month.
And the other thing is that they have to first, this is why it's going to take two to three weeks,
they have to negotiate with the local affiliates.
And that's what the holdup is right now.
And they've got to figure out how much the locals are going to charge direct TV.
No, that's not how it works, sir.
No, you'll see.
Okay, now let's just want to pass along.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Bye.
It's not how it works.
It's not how it works.
It's not how it works.
They're putting them on there and then they have a period of time.
They have six months to negotiate with the local network affiliates.
Where the hell, what did I do with that thing?
More and more, it's another expert.
You know what this reminds me of?
The reminds me of remember the crazy satellite guy we had an Iode the years ago?
Crazy than Bob Lincoln even at the same time.
It's a miracle I survived that.
We had those biggest trips going at the same time.
And we also had this crazy satellite guy.
This is one of the smallest was first coming out.
And this man crazier than a bed bug tells screaming and yelling and writing letters
and calling and crank calling on a phone.
It's the lunatic worth it very jackass.
Oh, it's only going to be very limited number of dealers are going to be able to sell the small edition.
He's got a letter from RCA and he's going to be doing what authorize the data.
And of course as soon as they came out, everybody in their brother, JC Penney's, Walgreens, everybody had a small dish.
They were selling him at Kmart.
They were selling him a shoe shine stand.
Hey, you want to buy a dish? Here you go.
It's right here.
Here's the information direct from the horse's ass.
Okay?
And by the year 2002, they must carry all local channels in any market that they're carrying channels.
Now, seriously, when you do this show and you stop and think about the fact that there are people out there who place their entire lives in the hands of fairy tales from thousands of years ago.
I said this the other day. I'll say it again.
No printing press, no newspapers, no radio, no TV, no shortwave, no nothing.
Maybe a little appartement and a pair of three.
Remember the parchment family?
Let's say that's all there was.
Oh my gosh, and it was a miracle that it was this.
Yeah, right.
And here we are. I got the information on one of the few pages here from the Echo Star people and a few pages from your right TV.
It's all right here.
They're telling you what they're going to charge.
Maybe that's the right world change after they negotiate, they're renegotiate whatever it is.
But they've been given permission to start carrying the signals right away immediately now.
Sir, now, and all of W now.
You get it.
No.
But thanks for further mudding the waters.
I still think that these are all cable people calling in who are pinging their pants. They must be.
They must have June Allison on the phone ordering cases in cases of the pens.
Chasing their, changing their score.
On these like it's going on a style.
1226 at 560 QN.
Wake up with the first keys.
Joe Rowe, Jeff DeParis and Steve Goldstein are week day mornings at 6.
Only on sports radio 560 QA.
Regerepa cano abajo di Obastardo.
A 32-a-pickah here that was planned.
You heavyweight mama with the big fat candy.
The hungriest girl that I ever did see with the never-made men to IQ 33 weight chicken.
Amber and I deserve dark Donna and 12 is a poem with blue bonded on it.
The mouth was so full that you couldn't speak, baby.
Something about the pie with a trophy crazy.
I never will forget when you tried the ram with dribble on your chin.
It's not bad when you finish what was left a chicken bone.
You could fantasize either into what the world has ever known.
I was deeply loved, deep in love for me.
For you was more in love with the franks and beans.
My advice to you is that a body you have to pick in a pair of jeans from ever-combian fish.
All that summer day you ain't your sandwich.
Johnny used to do the bowl of tricks.
And I was your day on that picnic that day in the summer.
In the summer.
I can't believe she did that.
We're the rack of ribs, bowl of chair, including the pit.
She won't forget on that picnic that day in the summer.
In the summer.
So 31 is 560 WQM.
It is said it is written.
560, 560.
You hear the one about pound 560 on the 18t wireless line.
That's right.
Hand me down bubble my seas.
That's right.
Here's coconut grove.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
I don't know if anybody has been talking about this today.
First thing I want to say is I don't listen to a spill or that other guy from New York.
Because I don't listen to syndicated stuff.
I live in a big enough city where I can listen to good stuff made right here in my city.
Now getting down there.
Let's find out what these people are listening to.
Because they're not listening to this show, especially between 10 and noon.
They're not listening at all.
I think it's smegmobile 303.5.
I think it's at disco.
It sounds silly, but I just feel dumb if I'm listening to something nationwide syndicated.
Especially on tape.
Syndicated on tape.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
I mean your show is like alive and here.
Yeah, I'll listen anyway.
That's more interesting.
But I don't know if anybody has talked about this today.
I'm sorry to get on a topic thing.
That's okay.
Whatever you want.
I don't think it's a little too heavy at sea.
I don't.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're not talking Cuban crap.
Okay.
I've had Cuban crap up there here.
Like Brian Cox would say, up there here.
I don't want to hear about it anymore.
No more Cuban crap.
I'm drowning in a sea.
Well, that's a bad expression.
I'm just, you know, can't handle it.
Don't care about any of that stuff.
It's based on insensitive.
I do not care.
This community has been overburdened with its garbage.
And by the way, thank you for apologizing ahead of time, sir.
And your apology is not accepted.
16,000 open lines.
Let's find out.
Let's open it up to us here today.
Okay, let's stop beating around a bush.
I know you're all diddling around out there.
We don't have any audience left out of the show.
Let's find out where they are.
If you're not listening right now, give us a call.
567.
No, seriously, you'll find out.
They're all gone.
All looking around for something better.
Sniffing around for a better aroma.
567-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line.
Merck is lying sitting there.
Dead is a goddamn door, nail.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
Here's Cool Springs.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Welcome home.
Sure.
Two brutal days, man.
Two unbelievably brutal days.
The only way shot here, I'm unguarring.
Neil, first of all, I do this so in the evening, even though I'm in the evening.
Well, I don't care what you listen to in the evening.
That's fine.
More power to you.
I won't power to him, too.
There's a problem with Phil Schellen there.
Now, what's just happened there?
Let's just tap it to this guy.
They just got chopped off here, huh?
Call me back, sir.
I want to hear what you were going to say.
See, I still think that somebody's dickin' with this.
Look at that.
I got one call left in the board, and our calls are getting yanked.
What's going on there now?
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line.
Is there something going on with these phone lines?
I don't think so.
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, one time listener.
Yes, sir.
I've had the dish for a year and a half.
It's great.
I'm one of the lucky ones.
I don't know why I still have it, but I got the ABC.
It's Phil Schellen in New York and LA, and I think it's great.
Yeah.
And I think we should be able to get all the local athletes
throughout the whole country, if you want it.
Hey, sir.
That isn't the issue.
That's not the issue.
Thank you so much, sir.
Have a great life.
It's not the issue.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Thank you.
The issue is that the local network affiliates, which is the ones that they make you watch in
the first place now, they are now going to be available on the small dish, which means
you don't need the sadly a cable for anything.
And they just can't get it.
I don't understand how people who've got can understand very easily, if you never had a
sad like this, you have any kind that you're confused, especially if you listen to this
crap today, that you're just totally in the dark.
Like, what's it all about, Alfie?
You know?
But how could you possibly have had a dish and be so uninformed and be so ignorant
as to what it's all about?
Living in a cocoon somewhere, living with a cocoon somewhere.
God is it frustrating.
No matter what it is in this town, it's like, I'm talking sense here.
I'm talking, I know what I'm talking about.
I've had for 12 years now.
I had a big foot, a dish.
I had a 12 footer.
Then I had the 10 footer.
I got a big dish, a small dish, a medium dish.
I got no kicker.
I got a play sheet.
I got China that hasn't been invented yet.
And it's like you're talking in Sanskrit to these people.
You're talking to different languages.
Forget about the goddamn network affiliates from New York and Chicago and that's not the
issue here.
That's not what this bill has got to do with.
What do you do with these people?
What do you do with them?
I think you just have to go out there and start killing them.
Yeah.
Kill them with kindness.
Like Monty Python said, lightly killed.
Here's the mobile and Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, New God.
Yes, sir.
I just got a dish myself.
I was waiting until they said they were going to be putting the locals on.
They were putting them on.
I got the dish.
The hell with media ones.
There you go.
That's very simple.
Congratulations, sir.
God bless you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And have a great life.
There you go.
Two and a half hours later, I finally get a guy that understands what it's all about.
Bless you, sir.
Bless you, my child.
WGQM, tour, just wandering around.
Hello?
How you doing?
Okay.
The people I got disconnected from the major networks, you know, I've done the 300s now.
Yeah.
They will be able to get re-hooked off provided to have a bee or a lamb.
Okay, I don't care.
Don't care.
I'm not interested in talking about that.
Okay.
I don't care.
I'm not interested.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound five.
What happened to the guy that called and got cut off?
The guy from Girl Springs.
Maybe his phone died.
Or maybe he, well, I'm sorry.
Here's Naples.
Hello?
Okay, Neil.
You know, the same people that are not getting all this or the same people that are falling
for the, hey, it's the millennium at the end of the year.
Uh-huh.
You know, I mean, where are they going to be?
I want to be lined up at the ATM on December 28th taking out their life savings.
Twenty dollars at a time.
What are they going to do next year when they realize that, oh, yeah, this is the real
millennium, you know?
Don't start confusing them, sir.
They're already lost, please.
It's on the broken wheel of apathy, man.
This state runs on the broken wheel of apathy.
I'm out.
Put him out.
Put him out of his misery.
What's in Naples with the beesleaves?
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 10, 0, I'm sorry, we can't talk about the beesleaves.
It's the quiet period.
I'm sorry.
Quiet period.
Come on.
How come we're not hearing from all these other people about where they are every day?
Why can't you people be honest?
Okay, it's not going to hurt my feelings.
George doesn't give a crap.
We could pay the same easily amount one way or the other, especially him.
I tell you how tough George has got to go.
He's got an appearance schedule maybe for this weekend, maybe.
Nobody will tell him where it is and what it's at and what's going to be going on and what time.
But other than that, it should be great.
I'll still get paid for it.
Yeah, he didn't care.
He'll get paid for it one way or the other.
That's how dumb those people are.
I'm sorry.
Just like the people in that golf tournament.
I mean, you wonder why everybody was so hysterical, but that we weren't reading the promos,
which we didn't have because they never wrote them in the first place.
Because of the 110 grand that they made.
It wasn't for any spots.
It was for mentions on promos.
You do understand that, don't you?
You're going to get 80, I'm 1875 promotional mentions on the worst team in the awardgers and Hank Goldberg.
Yeah.
And we don't get any promos when we're not reading them.
And that's why they have a nervous connection fit because actually these people are going to start wondering where the hell is all my free mentions.
For the 110 grand that they siphoned out of that golf tournament.
The OJ Golf tournament, remember that one?
Yeah, but you do.
So do my arteries.
21 before 1 at 560 WQM.
The sports leader.
We have the lead.
Sports radio, 560 WQM.
No, it's the Idlebanyo, or Valdecuerda, am I relevo?
Yeah, me either.
It's 18 to 1 and George just informs me.
Let's you line one.
We can't even get that hollow sound on our camera.
Line three, dead.
Dead is the door nail.
And maybe that's what happened when that guy disappeared.
I think Bell Soft is faring with our lines again.
Is what's going on here?
Line seven, how about that one?
Oh, there you go. There's one that works.
The out of town line is working on that.
877785 Niel, 877785, 6345.
As we continue drowning in a sea of misinformation here today.
This town man, they could take the happiest moment of your life.
They could take a gigantic whooping orgasm and turn it into a go test episode.
I'm telling you.
They could have the entiers in 30 seconds or less.
Here's something great.
Here you go guys.
Here's something.
What about Danny Boy?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How's it going?
I got the dish about three years ago.
I lived with my parents.
And my dad was very content with his TCI and all.
Until the table went out.
A couple days he called and said, hey, my cable's out.
Can you have somebody come out?
They told him it was going to be two weeks, two weeks.
The day before they were supposed to come out, they called to verify.
Nobody was home.
The next day nobody comes out.
My dad called against and says, they say, well, we called the verify that day before.
So now you got to wait another two weeks.
My dad said, okay, I got to wait another two weeks.
Ran out, bought a receiver, put it in his room.
Called the cable company.
The next day said, cancel my service.
Right.
You know that those cock approaches were out the next day to cancel the service?
Good.
To unplug?
Good.
If you need service, it's going to take you a month.
No, but I'm glad they walked the next day because that means you have to get charged in extra minutes.
That's for sure.
And my dad left.
Now my mom, she wasn't technically advanced.
So she sort of hated it.
But what the hell?
My dad was in his glory.
How technically advanced you have to be to punch channels?
Well, you know what it is?
She liked her local channels.
So to go back and forth between the DSS and the TV, it was sort of like a mission.
You know, with my mom, you know, she's a little Brazilian old lady.
I mean, you know, I keep it simple for her.
Get her a little TV with the rabbit ears.
It's just a little bullshit.
There you go.
But as far as like the local channels, I mean, it's like you said, I'm happy that they're coming on.
But I really stopped watching local TV when I got the dish.
Right.
I mean, you know, I really am.
I'm happy that I'm going to, you know, when I do see local TV, I'm going to have a clear Chris picture.
You know, because right now all we got is rabbit ears.
And, you know, it's very fuzzy and all.
But, you know, occasionally I like to see the news and the number of things that I'm going to have.
Yeah, there you go.
But, you know, it's good news.
So, I mean, everybody who's got complaints, I mean, come on, get a life.
Get with it.
Okay, thank you.
So you're God bless us.
And Mama, see you too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Of course, what am I getting excited about?
Because most of our lines don't work anyway.
For a change.
Nice going there again, Greg.
Yeah, maybe after this quiet period is over.
Maybe they connect the collected off money.
Maybe we can get a phone system and hear that works.
You think so?
No.
Once a cheap prick, always a cheap prick.
Make them a stick about that.
Once a bish of prick.
Here's a mobile developer locker.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
I don't know if you caught Jay Leno the other night.
I don't ever watch Jay Leno.
I would have watched Jay Leno if you paid me by this second.
I usually just watch the monologue.
He was talking about the NFLs coming down hard on these NFL players that are using the throat slack.
They had a problem because every time they do that, OJ gets a royalty on it.
It sounds like a Leno line.
That's all I got.
Oh, that's it.
Okay, thanks.
That was good.
Oh, man.
Yeah, exactly.
How do you like that?
He calls to give me a Jay Leno line like that.
And I'm sure you saw the thing a year or two ago when they showed Jay Leno sitting up on all the writers on the weekend.
Till 3, 4 in the morning, he's got 15 writers.
And they're sitting there.
Yeah, listening to all these great lines on cassette tapes.
Boy, how do you like to have to sit here for four hours every day, spontaneously?
How do you think you want to do it, Jay?
No.
One time, oh, no.
Try to entertain these stubborn pastries in this town.
How's Ryan Fyve doing, by the way?
That one's working good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Nail, which is for Palm Beach, too, by the way, and Fort Myers, Interest of Florida, and the entire U.S. of 8 toll free.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45.
Well, I'll tell you these go-assure holidays.
If I ever survive it, that's why every year.
If that's what I'm going to do with my birthday, it's got to do with this particular time of the year and the mindset.
I go from home from here yesterday.
I have never seen so many, I mean, just on an average day any time of the year, the people driving around you here are crazy.
But yesterday, in a special category of craziness, lunatics, because it's that time of the year, it's the go-ass holidays again.
Should live in Hollywood where we move now.
No thanks.
Frog, paradise.
No thanks.
Once a week, the mommy's house is on me.
And Hollywood.
Yeah, once is enough.
You ought to see the way they drive.
You ought to see the way they drive in the complex where mommy lives.
They're sitting on 15 telephone books and their head still is only up to the bottom of the steering wheel, and their hands are above their head like this.
And they're terrified, they're scared to death.
If they're here every year, how come they still don't know their way around?
They know their way around.
They're just taking their time to get there.
What's the hurry, sonny?
What?
They're pointing as they drive.
Like, oh look, there's a tree.
They'll look at a restaurant.
That's only the old Cubans.
Here's Marco W Island.
You got the wrong finger.
Marco W Island.
Hello.
Neil God.
Okay.
I got a dish about a year ago, and I really don't care about the local news over here because it's really boring.
All it is is about old people and shuffle boards and all that kind of neat stuff.
But have you heard about this direct PC?
No.
From the same app to direct TV.
I'll just want to finish your call or something.
Oh.
Subscribe to it or anything like that.
I don't know.
I don't know if I'm ready to handle this.
If we get back into the thing with the computers again, I will kill myself on a year, go to a clock.
If I have to go in with the rotor-rooter guy in the air, or the rotor-runner, or the DSL guy, I'll crack into the handle.
Look, I want to take this right now.
Computers are for kids and for crazy people and nobody else.
Well, I guess I fit into one of those categories.
You and me both.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Because if you weren't crazy when you started with your computer, very shortly thereafter, you'll be going limulimulimulimilit like that.
You'll change your name to Isch-Cabible.
Believe me.
Thanks a lot, Gary Sarner, for stealing a day out of my life.
And when you get to be this old, you don't have that many left, okay Gary?
So you, you jackass.
God.
Where the hell did we find him?
What kind of a factory did they stamp out the Gary Sarner's and Todd Drex of this world?
Not to mention Fatboy.
5,670560, 0560, on the AT&T wireless line, we pay for it.
Pull-free H.A.
And by the way, we had the one guy who started on the verge, he listened to Phil at night there out through the static, and was about on the verge of saying something.
And he got yanked, and that was the end of that.
And the rest of these people are lying through their teeth.
You're not fooling this old fossil, okay?
You're not fooling me.
Oh, and you know, we switch back and forth, and when you go into commercial break, and then we listen to Margaret for two minutes, and then we go into breaking the hell right.
Whatever you guys say, you just full of crap.
You know, you just don't want to, you just don't want to come clean, man.
You're going to come.
Squirt, squirt.
Come clean.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello.
Hey there Neil, great show.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to say that I'm very pleased that they'll let the local programming go on and they get dished.
Yes.
So that I can tell my...
Can we tell the state of their name?
Sure.
I had Delphi Eye, lowest class, low quality.
I got more shopping channels on there than they got in the mall.
Oh!
Oh, I get it. They want to sell me something.
Yeah.
So now they're going away.
They get the dish.
I see the guy I'm off for $199 bucks now throwing this out in the other.
They'll even throw in an extra touchdown for Tamarino and Sunday.
Right.
And as I sit here on I-95, so I'll be gone.
I'm watching a lovely family change a tire in the median lane for people looking at a tire.
And everybody in I-95 going south just by commercial block has to stop and curtsy and say hello.
And now we'll pass them so now if he kicks it in he has to go away.
And I'm going away now too.
Okay, good luck pal.
Hey, carry yourself.
Okay.
Okay, here's our launch from Tony's at 133 North-Wars second avenue.
Better get that right?
Yeah.
Well, hey, I don't know.
I'm old in Fibro.
I don't know what that is.
We love Tony's pizza, baby.
We love our buddy Brad over there.
Tony's just don't stop me at the turn-play anymore.
But do say hi to my good friend Sylvia.
That's Fibos, sweetheart.
I haven't seen Sylvia in a while probably because I was out of town.
WQA and Batline.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
This is Gainesville.
Gainesville, all right.
I don't think you would have gotten a story.
But I want to first tell you that the whole Titanic thing was in the UF newspaper a couple of days ago.
It was in the FU paper, yeah.
Yeah, it was the FU paper because they're trying to tune it because Governor Jebs trying to do this disorder.
One thing he's trying to eliminate affirmative action.
They're trying to tie it in with that.
Saying that we don't need to get rid of affirmative action because there's still people out there that are racist.
Yeah, that's right.
That's what the Governor said.
Yeah, we don't need to get rid of affirmative action just to get rid of the sparsas and what he said.
Well, that has to start.
I don't think you heard about this, but there are two different bus companies that run buses on the weekend.
Yeah.
They run from Gainesville to Miami and back to Gainesville, Sundays.
This past weekend on the West Palm Beach toll plaza, one of the bus drivers of one of the buses,
that the owner of the other bus company.
Yeah, we had a call yesterday.
Yesterday.
Oh, digger.
Unbelievable.
I took that bus home for the breeder's cup a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah.
I couldn't, but I can't believe what I'm reading in the paper.
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
Yeah, but these are Cubans.
These are Latin.
Right.
And they're running back to probably weekends.
Oh, you never know.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
And Fidel's not coming to the World Trade Summit.
I was very disappointed.
I wanted to see Fidel on TV talking about free trade.
Everybody can share what everybody else,
because you can't share what the people inside is bored.
There we go.
Okay, pal.
Love you, Neil.
Say how to JP.
Oh, yeah.
Bye.
How you doing, JP?
He's listening.
Is he listening?
JP?
No.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
He's getting late.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Anyway.
That's Okay.
We are close to the vest these days. They don't want to reveal too much. That's the problem with these bastards. They're just all in the closet
With each other
Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, Neil. I've been calling for like half an hour
and
We dialed a number says that the lines being checked so that might be why you're not getting any calls
Is because you can't get through because our phones are all screwed up as usual
Has anybody called him with the story about a Robert Stachian parade magazine Sunday? Sorry about what?
Robert Stach. No
In parade magazine. Yeah, well whatever I'll flip into the questions and
crap
Almost got the airport on you
The question was were he a world champion
Skate shooter in the 30s and the 40s and yes, he was
He said that in the 30s and the 40s that was the macho thing from men in Hollywood did it I wonder how far he could shoot it
Yeah
That's all okay. Thanks one of the average parade magazine George
What do you expect where the hell was he calling from the animals mouth?
He wonders how far Robert Stach could shoot it
Anybody out there worried about Robert Stach sex life? Oh, no, I do like Robert Stach. Oh
He was great in airplane
And he's written on solid mysteries. That's one of my all-time favorite shows even that it's on
Reruns on 75 different on Discovery and a and E and all of it again in place great show
I just like seeing him there with it. It looks like a dirty old man in a trench coat
1256 and 560 WQ a.m
Neil Roger show sports radio 560
I
Don't you love Bill Bradley?
Don't we need Bill Bradley
He's for the 60th
Play for basketball
Don't you love Bill Bradley
Yeah, we need him badly
He's gonna win the race
He fell of him
Oh
Did I mention that he is a down record?
He played for the
He doesn't bar us
Yeah, we love him
Not
Out
Out
Not
Yeah, he's not
I say it one time more
We love him a lot
Mostly cosy
Boring
Well, don't you love Bill Bradley?
All right
1256 WQ that I mentioned how much we love Brad over at Tony's man
This is good today isn't it is am I just hungry as this extra good?
Huh
Oh, he's talking to somebody I wonder if I was just ignoring me again. It's not again. Oh
Oh, it really is extra good. That's 193. What is it 193 29 North West second Avenue?
Tony's pizza man. They have got some really great stuff getting pretty good
It's getting right up there. You know what I'm saying ponytail. It's getting right up there. Hmm
56705 60 we have a couple lines working me have several that are not working as usual
Here's a call from Cincinnati. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you are the best. Yeah, that's what I always tell him
I agree. I just wanted to tell you that I was living down there in top Florida last year
I lived there for a year and the only thing that got me through the day was listening to your show
That's what they all say it's the best even though they're all gone now the whole audience is gone
But they still believe that but I like to so much I was working as an urban planner down there. Yeah, and I came up here
Back to a higher to major in mass comm like a do something like your show because it's so awesome
I just want to say that okay. Good luck pal. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for sending you very best from Cincinnati
They send you very best from Dayton Howard from Palm Beach from Fort Myers from Port Charlotte
Do you put her to question? Oh no
Cincinnati they do though
Thank you Lord for him
And we still have not had one response to my question now you know God damn well
That there are people that did learn around that town you know that for a fact
Don't you you know that there's not I and have we had one person call it today
Even heard those best and eeltakes on Thursday and Friday
Which I wasn't even aware that Friday and we had to take because I forgot it was like a four-day weekend, right?
Because I wasn't here. Thank God
Can we had one person call who said that they heard those best and eelt who listened to that crap on Thursday and Friday? Oh no
All the same people that are always bashing your little ass
We're waiting man. We're sitting here waiting on you
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line
8777 8563 45 8777 855 Niel on the worldwide line are these other lines working hour what
This is unbelievable
Here's Davie hello
Hello Niel. Yes, sir
How you doing? I was just being persistent on the phone because it's hard to get through
I can get through I was getting busy signal for at least a half an hour
I don't have I haven't had any calls here for a month for years. I haven't had a bunch of calls in 20 years
Anyhow, I just want to let you know that 10 to 10 to 12 I do listen to another radio station other than yours and what is that?
Phil Henry yeah, he originally turned me on to you and then of course he left and came back
So I just I kind of switched back and forth from you from 10 to 12
Yeah, I know it is show, but it's it's tough in between all the commercials and on
Be it all the commercials on what?
On both both stations. Yeah, too many spots. Yeah, exactly
I had a shameless request to
Is that possible?
Even though you admit that you're listening to Phil between 10 and noon and you want me to play a request?
No problem
So I have any one other call on the board no problem
My brother's listening is a big red dog fan. I wonder if you could play the red cock commercial form. Okay
Thank you. They have a great day sir. You too. Yeah, how to fill you got him premium beef
You found a red dog you chugged a red wolf
Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock
Red cock
Red cock's foamy head will leave you breathless
Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat
So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock
You can shake it and spray it all over
Remember you can't beat a red cock
Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front. Oh, that's my favorite pizza that's on such in bottle caps
Yeah, especially the bottle cap that looks like in the little onion
See your laughing you the evidence is right in the waist back it will we still love your bread
And it was like a little bottle cap on one slice. I mean, you know a little plastic bottle cap
It would go right through your softagus wouldn't it? No, be close
Look at look at this phone. I don't I don't get it half the lines aren't working
All of a sudden everybody's gone dead people are coming to get in busy signals
I just you know don't know whether to keep eating pizza or what
Just one day before I finish this did on this guy damn radio station
Just one day I'd like to do the entire four hours number one with a bunch of calls
But number two with all the four lines working wouldn't that be nice huh? Yeah
I can just hear the beach boy singing wouldn't it be nice
Is it ever going to happen probably not
Probably not because they're too busy. They got bigger fish to fry
But oh, it's the quiet period
But they got bigger fish to fry than worried about giving us stuff that works in here. Okay?
Like a real radio station. You're in a scraped Greg. You're an embarrassment. You're a humiliation. I'm just embarrassed to help for you
Here's a mobile and sunrise hello
Hello, yes sir
Yeah, I'm I'm in pompom now. Here's a mobile and popper. Oh
Hey, yeah, how you doing today? Okay
I didn't listen to you for about 10 years now. Mm-hmm. About five years ago
You kept talking about your dish and I went out and got a big dish right and uh, you know
I love my big dish, but then I got the little dish and I you know today is the greatest day in the world
And now I can watch the local TV again, you know because I mean
I really felt really aggravated when the government wouldn't allow us you know about a year and a half ago
So today is a great day for for people out here who are trying to get
For the small handful of us who have got a good good good good good good good good good good good right
Yeah, I'm not in the same category as you and uh
Yeah
Now what's this happened to him
I just want to go on record right now. It's telling you this this phone system is f you whatever goes in between
E.D. Okay within a positive a this phone system blows and you people in management here at this radio station
You ought to be you ought to be quartered and drawn is what you ought to be okay or however that goes
Because I have never in my life tried to work desperately day after day with such a bunch of schlock crap that they just can't get working right
It's a talk station with phones that don't work
And
When you don't do guests and when you don't do other people's voices and when you depend on a phone talking to living and breathing people
And you have a phone that doesn't work
It makes it just a little bit difficult. You know what I'm saying. Uh-huh. Yeah
A pox a pox on the beesleys okay a chicken pox on the beesleys
I'm calling up Mickey Dane the great day and having her put a guy damn curse on these people
On these cheap and competent want a beesleys
The
The cheapest and the chintiest and the crappiest I was gonna say that money can buy but of course they don't pay for it
So you know that money might buy a favor paid their bills
Out of town line is open 877-785 neo house the line one doing is that working there it is
No, how's line three doing that working no
Just one day Greg just once for four solid hours all nine lines actually functioning now
I'm not suggesting they're all gonna ring because we realize the whole audience is listening to the graudisco music now
But whatever we got out there what at least give them an opportunity to call and make some sound some
Even that would be good
Compared to this crap
God
God
me
Yeah
It
A
Is
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
For P.D.
He was wondering
Why no one ever talked to me
He was family
And sketch really
He said he fell
He was a little bit giddily
Ak mossi
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
Do you know why
I'm a little bit more
Can jump a bit
We have a program
We want zip stitches
Here, let's go
Oh, have a good 
No
We have a program to let you guys play a song.
We have a program to let you guys play a song.
I'd be in the breeze.
Maybe the collective is there at 7 o'clock on much music.
Anybody interested out?
No.
I am.
5, 6, 7, 5, 60.
By the way, have no fear because Blufflin's
is back from lunch or everything is under control now.
Anybody buying that?
He's back from lunch, everything's under control, everything's
a okay now.
We feel a lot better about things.
Here's a mobile and Stewart.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, I'm in the circuit station.
Here's the best I can.
Let me tell you, I was so excited when I heard the news.
Even though I, when I called...
First of all, when I fired my cable company
and I was for nothing,
They told me I was moving for some reason, I didn't want to be a confrontation.
I said I'm moving out of the area, I didn't want to cancel the service, and they were very kind about it.
Well they called back a month later, looking for the owner of the house, and they offered the same service I was paying 60 bucks for half price.
How do you like that?
For two years here in T.
And so I'm thinking everybody who has cable cancel because you're going to save yourself a lot of money in about a month.
That's right.
But I don't even want to keep cable back. That's in a month you'll get it for half what you're paying out. Good point.
That's number one. Number two, when I called the dish company first thing through the Hear the News, they told me that I would have to get a second dish on my roof because it comes from a different feed at a different angle to get it.
And I had to lie and say I lived in Miami to get it in the first place because from what they tell me, there are only 13 cities right now that are approved to have local networking.
And then there are going to be 13 more in January 2000.
From from dish TV.
From there.
From there.
From there.
From there.
Yes.
Direct TV's got the starting with 20 and then it's going to be like 50.
Well I just can't believe they weren't ready for that.
But anyways, I just thought I'd let the people know they could save a lot of money.
Fire them.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck, pal. Nice job.
Fire your cable company.
Okay, and even if you're desperate and you want them back, get it in a reduced rate. Say that you know, just lie a lot.
Not that guy who well he didn't up there who's not too creative.
By the way, I'd like this tin cans slice to the top from the tin cans really good.
A little cheese on it.
Now just a joke.
Brad, just a joke.
The bottle cap was not a joke, but that's okay.
I didn't swallow it and after I would ice you them.
I mean, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Bluffland, he says, have no fear.
Look at these phone fixed one of these days.
Okay.
Just relax.
Keep things out of control is what he said.
So as soon as we can afford a real phone system, here's more water deal. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I've been listening to your show for like 20 years and I got to meet you once at a happy game at the end of your show.
I wanted to request one of those songs that you do, but I don't know the name of it.
It's the one order of the backpipes in the priest, which is hilarious.
I really appreciate all the last I've had over the years.
You know, listen to your show.
It's really enjoyable.
God bless you, amigo.
Thank you, sir.
We got one delivery.
Playing backpipes.
Played backpipes.
It goes kind of like this.
I do.
The day is a very special thing.
Stop and buy.
Show us all about something special.
Oh, I remember doing it right now.
Come on, I don't look like me.
Arria, laddy.
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Oh, I wonder where it is.
It looks like a...
The post with a cold time.
That's me back, boy.
Your pants?
Hey.
Oh, what can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Oh, run your hands over there.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
Oh, what's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it, laddy.
Blow it.
You blow it.
You blow it.
You put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, can I do that?
Okay, would you like to blow my pipe, laddy?
Okay, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on, laddy.
You got to put your mouth around it.
Don't be afraid, it's not going to break.
Like this?
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's midshandas.
What do we do with her?
What you do with that, laddy, is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, laddy?
Okay, if you want to blow on the pipe, you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Like, okay.
Run together all at the same time.
Okay, here, here, here.
Good laddy.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
Hey, it's good laddy.
If you want to run your hands up and down the shaft, you pick faster.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
You know, you're doing it right.
You're doing it right.
You're doing it right.
You're doing it right.
You're doing it again.
After the kiss, you put it for me.
121 WQM, where everything is f'd up.
Here's a fax right on target.
Your phone lines are f'd up and trying to call for one and a half hours ringing busy.
How do you like that?
For one and a half hours.
Have the phone's been full?
No.
Are they busy?
No.
Got open lines now.
But the phone, I don't see.
This is what happens because they get, you know, they don't roll over.
They get screwed up and they get people chopped off.
And the southern balls dick them with our phone lines again.
And our program director, he's running around here going, like that.
Oh, yeah.
We got George Corso coming over one of these days when his car gets fixed again.
Yeah.
We're going to be right on it, man.
You believe me?
No.
No, we don't believe you.
And by the end of the science center in Toronto, here's a fax.
The answer is no.
It says, tell people of some of the great places in Toronto and how compliant, how competent,
COMPIT, AT&T.
Come on, David.
Get with it.
Okay.
If you're really a Canadian, you're a little smarter than that, David.
How competent?
They're rapid transit.
They're subways.
The rocket, baby.
Ride the rocket.
Just stay away from the pocket rocket.
But you can ride the rocket because he's old and he can't run fast anymore.
And here's a whole bunch of crap here about this and about hardware costs.
And how do we don't care about that right now?
Okay.
All we care about is let's have a party.
Because now you can say goodbye to your cable company if you've got enough brains and balls to do it.
All right.
As opposed to those people out there who've been so brainwashed and so conditioned by the cable,
as if you really need it, do you need it?
No.
Is it a bargain?
No.
Is it a deal?
No.
Is it a steal of a buy?
No.
Here's a mobile and Miami Springs.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, just listening to you and you're saying that I was calling in.
You want anyone to call in?
Yes, I'm calling in.
Yeah.
And?
You were saying that you just wanted to make noise on the line.
No, I did not.
I didn't say that at all.
No, I did not.
No, I did not.
No, I did not.
That's on your line.
How's that, sir?
Did I say that?
Did I ever say that?
No.
No, I didn't say that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
See, that's a real good way of saying you got no material, sir, is what it's a way of saying.
Is that you were jackass and you have no material?
He's an ass.
Yeah, I like saying.
Line three.
How's that doing?
Is that working?
No.
Line one.
Is that one doing any good?
No.
Okay.
And then, of course, even some of these other people that got on the middle of it.
And they're just getting chopped off again.
Because we're getting dicked over here at QA.
And we're getting dicked and we don't even know it.
How do you like that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Just keep dialing.
Just keep calling the operator.
Just beat her over the head with a goddamn baseball bat.
Do something.
Try to get through with these bell-south people.
They suck.
You people at Bell-south are in cover.
Most of you people should be in jail.
That's right.
Most of the bell-south people want to be behind bars right now.
They ought to be on death row.
Ted Bundy committed less serious crimes than these bastards do at the Bell-south.
Destroy my life.
Day after day after day.
You think I'm that stupid?
I think I like Gilbert.
That's right.
I think I'm like Gilbert just because he used to hang out with us all the time.
You thought that I was stupid?
Damn right, sweetheart.
Boy, he was sure good that I won a Purin-so.
Well, he showed up right out the door was great.
Nice to see you briefly, Gilbert.
I'll come back to you soon.
How's Rick and Pud doing, by the way?
Oh, speaking of that, I can't wait till Thursday.
Because if you think our number's going to be bad and it will be.
And you know we only had one honest guy today, the sour.
That guy who said, listen to the thought between Ted and Bundy.
And then Dittles back and forth.
Yeah, right, Dittles this.
And then had the Hutzmann-a-ask-a-fory request.
And then I had the stupidity to play it.
Yeah, that goes to show you how easy I am.
Killed some good time, though.
That red cock beer.
Which I kind of have a weakness for.
I saw.
Here's Lantana.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to give my opinion on cable.
I think cable is much better because you can steal cable.
Yeah.
Right.
Uh-huh.
And I thought it was the one color that.
Yeah.
Pretty stupid, pal.
You really have more.
I'm plus you live in Lantana.
See, he's in Lantana.
So does it really make a difference?
No.
Does this affect him?
No.
See, there's the way to steal whatever you want to steal.
Okay.
All you dishonest assholes out there.
Like Boca-Brine.
Answering.
567-0560.
The line 9 is open air.
877-785-6345.
Come on, grab a couple of slices of pizza, Brian.
Sit down on the floor, make some vegetable salad.
And then we're going to do like that.
We're going to do a half an hour of that every day.
Moolimoolimoolimoolimoolim like that.
Yeah, Brian says he's been listening to us
Magmo every day from 10 to 2.
He can't handle any more of this crap.
Of course, I left his check home.
No, I didn't.
Here's a highly a hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You watching us last night with this guy, the vegetable plate,
when I got a reference off visual of the electron.
They drop the charges and the judge said they want it.
Did he drop it, yeah?
Yeah, and he said that he was happy because this guy is a role model
for our children.
Mm-hmm.
You believe that?
Doesn't that pathetic?
And then they put her on TV, and what you're going to do now?
She's not pulling his shorts and looking down on his eight.
Isn't that great?
You're enough to make your vomit, eh?
And the best part of it is you couldn't find anything in here.
That's the, believe me, the truth.
The role model for our children.
Telling the role list.
That helped us.
Okay.
Thank you.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Amen, brother.
Amen.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Look at this.
We got a mobile in New Orleans.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Hi, don't, sir.
All right, down on the day out.
Chill on, chill on.
I have a quick question for you, Joe.
I buy you, yeah.
Yes, it's nice today and nice today.
A lot of nice music.
Everyone's dancing around.
All your old ladies are dancing.
Yeah.
Um, I had a question because I knew that you would, eh?
You would know the answer.
Where does Indian giver come from?
Where does engine giver?
No, Indian giver.
The term, uh.
That's where it started.
That's a good question.
We'll find out the answers, sir, and have a great life.
Only those, uh, Cajun people down there in the bayou.
Only they would come up with something like that.
Where does Indian giver come from?
That's Cajun.
What was the name of that movie Southern Comfort?
That's good movie.
It was great.
It was great.
It was great.
It was great.
And it was typical New Orleans, man.
You talk about it.
See, that's the reason that Louisiana exists,
so that makes us in Florida feel better.
27 after 1 at 5, 60 WQAM.
It's practically even nice.
Even if anything is fine.
It's exactly the same.
It's exactly the same.
It's exactly the same.
It's exactly the same.
It's exactly the same.
It's exactly the same.
He wants the White House to be all good.
Like a fantastic guy.
So he can't even speak to people like him.
Or just wonder if that guy comes here to the high high.
Oh, that's the way it is.
Well, we've had a local observer.
He's been eyes in today.
George Bush, you will never get it today.
You will never get it today.
What is the name of this movie?
George Bush, it's up.
A fortune.
They know all the actors.
I know what you know me do.
What a result it makes you do.
When you try one two, they go in.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
I know you know me.
All right, we got the 7 million co-spots here.
We can kill some good talent.
Here's the lady in Kendall.
Yes, ma'am.
Our only lady of the day.
How are you today?
I live in home, unfortunately.
I live in home, instead.
That lovely town.
I'm the nice Jewish girl that always calls me in America.
Oh, I have the worst cable in the world.
A daughter here.
Everybody seems to be, except for that one guy.
The first guy that called it this morning.
Everybody else hates a Delphi like Poison.
We have had nothing with trouble with it.
The comfix they live in is mostly shorts.
They won't allow us to get the satellite dish.
I talked to the manager because we want to allow you to do it from step one.
I hate to break the news to you, but it's against the law.
He had that that was passed like two years ago.
Kelly. He no longer has the option of letting you are not doing it.
He's because of that that the schwarz.
I think I'm breaking in and you know,
what is the schwarz is happy with letting you get a satellite?
Tell him, let you worry about the schwarz and you'll get what as many dishes you want.
No hitchplacic and for the weekend too.
And because my husband, he likes to watch the Mexican soccer, which I think is very boring.
Oh my god.
Maybe you better off without it.
I'm telling you.
And you know how much money I'm getting charged, even without cinemas or anything like that.
None of the cables and regular basic cables, $50 a month.
I'm not kidding.
$50 a month?
Yes.
Just for plain old basic cables?
Exactly.
You know, you get like a sex channel, $50, $45 something a month.
That's what it's costing us.
I would tell him to stick that cable right in there.
Back to.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, I tell him to bend over and open wide.
I have never in my life.
I mean, and then.
You have to carry it?
You have to have it?
Well, we don't have to.
Of course, now, wait on there.
You know where to pick up anything.
I guess you need it.
I know.
We had a disconnect.
We only got one station which was WTB Day, which is the worst piece of property.
Right.
Who the hell wants to watch that?
I want to let you know that I am a woman and I do listen to your station every single day.
Well, thank god for you.
I'm taking a survey here today, but nobody wants to bite except the other guy who was stuck
up to fill.
And I'm trying to talk to my husband and get him some light just because I don't want
that piece of crap out there to crap.
I mean, honestly, they're not fake.
Please, make him do it.
Okay, cut him off until he goes out and gets it.
I will.
Take care.
Take a sharp instrument to bet everything.
Have a great day.
You too.
You're lucky.
Hey America.
Here's Jay.
Have a America.
Take the battle with the coke.
Oh, right.
When is the good time to see that you're the coke.
Take the battle with the coke.
Battle party.
Well, this is great except the course for the fact Coke pulls their ads from the WWF because
they don't like the language.
And they also didn't like Walmart's upset because their customer complained that they had
a doll on the shelves in Walmart depicting a WWF wrestler carrying around a woman's head.
Oh!
What's wrong with that?
The toy is modeled after Al Snow or wrestler who carries a female mannequin's head in the
ring.
The doll comes with a woman's head with a help me scrolled back with a crosser forehead.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing in the style.
As long as it's somebody white.
You're the movie of life with us for fun.
We're the best in the world.
You know how I have to hear the easy beats.
I mean, you won't believe all the artisters who are on this goddamn disc.
There must be 75,000 different artists.
Do it, Pope's spot.
Do it easy beats Friday on Monday.
And then later say, come on, it's the little easy beats.
All right.
I win this upon Saturday night.
I'm gonna go to the hospital.
I'm gonna go to the hospital.
Just a hot, hot, hot, I just need you right.
You're gonna go to the hospital.
You're gonna go to the hospital.
You're gonna go to the hospital.
You're gonna go to the hospital.
Oh my god, the tremolo's.
What was their big hit, the tremolo's?
Come on, Brian.
Tremolo's.
This is the song.
We beat the poem.
We beat the poem.
We beat the poem.
And as if that isn't enough to make hair grow right in the middle of your rectum.
Wait till you hear who else is on here.
One of them looks really bad.
The other one looks like death boy.
Here comes the charm and the beat.
They're better with the cold.
Oh my god, Brian, you're taking that first and fast.
They're not cold.
Oh my god, come on.
That's a great tip.
That's a love time to break through.
Oh my god, you're so fast.
Oh my god, you're so fast.
Oh my god, you're so fast.
Oh my god, you're so fast.
Oh yeah, I got Friday on my mind already.
Just from the guy at Dan Easy Beats, boy, I love that song.
That was a great song, isn't it?
Easy Beats Friday on my mind.
The middle of their smash, they're probably still living off the residuals just in that one great song.
Tremolo, did we decide what the tremolo's big song was?
Here comes the big one.
Here comes that uptruck feeling again, yeah.
21 till two at five, 60, WQN.
Only one South Florida radio station has.
You're a blessing to it.
Hey, Goldberg.
Weekday afternoon to two sports radio, 560 QAM.
Siren mark, the steady part.
It can't hear your nose apart.
You can't hear your butt's cute and tell.
Some want to identify that awful sound.
What the hell is you think?
It smells just like frosty tears.
Dying in the park, deadly parts.
I got one at K-Cart.
I got the warmest ass whev'le all around.
She was wearing a terrible form.
I walked right out of that place.
With a safe pile of my days.
Siren mark, deadly parts.
Thank you.
Yes.
Last one go, but don't look back.
I saw a distance of your gap and sight.
If you're in church when you do, you'll have to stay in your two.
You're a blessing to it.
You're a blessing to it.
I like the fidelity on this one.
Look back.
That's where the signal is.
560-560-560 on the ATT line.
You got Freddy Cannon.
You want to hear them?
I do.
I can imagine what they look like now.
Probably an interesting moment, camera.
This summer is going to worth the Heavenly Brothers.
We're going to get to know each other.
We're going to get to know each other.
We're going to get to know each other.
We're going to get to know each other.
We're going to get to know each other.
I'm scared.
Gary, hold on.
Yes, you can.
What do you do?
When I was close, yeah, right now.
I think it's a better win to go.
I think it's a better win to go.
I think it's much more fun.
I'll jump into it.
I'll jump into it.
I'm going to jump into it.
I'm going to get to know each other.
I think the story always was that he went to Vietnam
and he came back and didn't speak for like six months.
actually came back and he found out that his father was Jerry Lewis. Didn't speak for five years, yeah.
It's a 12 minutes before two at 5.60. QM, this is choice, baby. This is fantastic.
I'm gonna play this for hours and hours in fact. Hank's taking the day off today. It's gonna be coax spots from two to six.
Here's the Dania Beach, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing? These are great aren't they?
These are great. I like what you said about this. Jerry is coming back.
Silence is golden. Is that?
Semolo, is that's right? Yeah, I just got it. Silence is golden and here she comes again.
It comes my baby. Yeah, another one. You were talking about a Cajun movie Southern Cup for another one was the big easy is a good one.
Dennis Clay. Yeah, okay.
The George City hated it. Oh, it's too bad. I didn't see it.
The direct TV I was tossed in turn about getting it about a week or so ago. Now you know you got no excuse.
Good in for a day, but the thing I heard a horse to her about a guy who got hooked up and all he wanted with the direct TV was just the basic.
He didn't want anything to set the cheapy basic and they said, well no, take the package for like 80 bucks a month for three months and after three months, you can drop it.
And so three months go by and he calls and calls. He can't get through and it's that was like in March and he's still like stuck paying 80 bucks a month.
So I understand it's kind of tough trying it. It is kind of tough to get through that.
But you shouldn't have to call for anything really major should you that it's just because you're you know,
they're really. In fact, what you do is you if you want, have them send you the brochure and then you decide to have wherever wherever you're going to buy the dish.
They don't have the brochure and they decide for yourself. You're picking shoes. You want the basic and you want to do the NFL Sunday packet and hockey packet and just get it all in the beginning and nothing more.
Don't let them talk in the end thing you don't want. Sounds good. Or lastly, came back from Amsterdam in August,
when I had a fantastic time and you said you picked up some music and I picked up some music there.
And the three groups that really blew me away. One was Laura Fiji, a female singer. Fantastic. Another group was called Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
And the last group was called the Nits and the Nits to have a song are called in a Dutch mountains and it is it's a fantastic CD.
If I get a chance, I'll make you some copies. I'll send them to you. Okay. All right.
I believe in you'll take care of it. Thanks. I believe in by the way, speaking of the Blondhau gang, well now we call this the act of mating.
But there are several other very important differences between human beings and animals that you should know about.
All right.
Right.
Anyway.
And you're getting too thumbs up, you've had enough of two hand cuts, you want it rough, you're out of bounds
I want you swothered, what you covered, like my waffle, how stash-strap, I'm gonna skip it, but I'll never reach you
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
Make me rise in hour early, just like days I take and find
With this feeling of pain, baby, pain, nothing but a man, I'm so glad we're through it
Like this new one of the sculls of rich animals, we're getting back
You ain't made me, baby, pain, nothing but a man, I'm so glad we're through it
Like this new one of the sculls of rich animals, we're getting back
Will you fuck back?
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
Make me rise in hour early, just like days I take and find
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
The effects, the lyrics are full stock, you ought to find me
What happened ganglomb? The SCV is away from Booby
And the cut is called the bad touch as in the poster
The video starts out with two orangutans, something by the way
It'll be on channel 4th, 5 o'clock, 155 at 560 WQAM
