Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
And talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and grammar.
Or pound 560 on yourself.
The only evidence of Neil is guest's callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM.
Be sure to read that position or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-
Neil, 8 out.
The media is missing and Neil is out badly.
That's all for Neil today.
The island is asking clay.
I'm sure Neil does it by going home.
Oh my God.
Now two or three or four holes.
And here it seems that flows.
The rest of us with five turn off the radio.
It's Harley Bay's ball.
It's boring and it keeps Harley Bay's ball.
Such a goddamn hitting.
The time for those who don't like to think.
Again, excited from recocking.
The scene is on day and fall.
Hi.
No one gives a f***.
Or gets the answer, Taman.
The Ireland wants their payments.
Contracture will be green that must be meant.
Despite the trading, if they have to pay the bill.
And hopefully, the island audience trains our debt.
It's Harley Bay's ball.
Time to make a sandwich Harley Bay's ball.
I'd rather hear Jim Manon, exciting as the sound of trying paint.
All right.
Designed for those with trouble.
Any lane.
It's Harley Bay's ball.
For life with that little spark.
Just one spot open in the road.
50 point and add in.
Missed.
Big ball.
No one gives a f***.
And then you find it.
A little trickle up the third baseline.
A very good one.
Take it up by the third baseline.
It's trickling.
1003 at 560 WQ.
I was just telling George we were sitting in here.
Breathlessly listening to the last few minutes of the worst team.
I mean, breathlessly with our mouths of gate going.
I said, only in this town.
Would there be this ongoing discussion?
Oh my god, the Orioles are playing a game in Cuba.
And they're picketing outside the stadium up there and the over the Orioles be playing.
I'm not going to their games anymore.
That's right.
I'm not going to go any more goddamn Oriole games.
Okay.
I'm so pissed off and fired up right now.
And then that one guy that calls in all when you know what?
The revolutions aren't started by one solitairey thing.
But this could be this could be a you know, a seed.
Yeah, you got a seed.
All right, pal.
You know what your seed is back.
Go pick it out.
You may what you might find in there.
What an in the silicon conversation going on here.
And of course, most of the colors you're notice they got one thing in common.
They're so many.
Exactly.
They all sound like that.
Kit, a life already.
Okay.
I mean, I realized that you're enjoying having all your relatives over there,
starving to death and having no medical care and living like 20th world of peasants.
That's so wonderful just to prove a point because well, you know,
if we keep doing that, Finale will go away.
Won't he?
No.
Well, it's just just ridiculous.
I'm on the face of it.
It's ludicrous.
They're picketing because you know, everything has to be done in this community,
according to a certain way because like the paper said yesterday, you know,
these people have power.
Everybody else are insignificant.
And most of their power, unfortunately, is wasted with crap like this.
About somebody playing a ball game down there.
See, what you don't understand is that the trick is the Orioles didn't want to let this out of the bag,
but the secret is they're going to be given balloons out, you know,
like they give out little things to the kids and all the people that come to the game.
And the balloons are really going to be a little tiny, blowable rubber rafts.
That's right.
And all the people who get the balloons at the games, they'll blow them up.
They'll hop on the rubber raft in the middle of the night when Finale is sleeping.
And by the bang, they'll all be right here.
Oh, that's what we need.
So there you go.
What are you bitching about?
There's a method in their madness.
But I guess because everything else is so goddamn boring,
let's make a big sentence about this as usual in South Florida.
Let's make a big to do about it.
Okay?
Oh, right.
Speaking of making a big to do.
Wow.
Oh, before I get to the adjoe to Maggio business for the next 20 hours,
we got a short show today.
By the way, we got Marlon's baseball 1250 Dodgers into Marlon's up in Vera with Booge Joe and Dave.
Here's today's in Sipit, idiotic, ridiculous ludicrous, unacceptable letter to the editor in the Miami hero.
Every day, there's at least one.
I think they're doing it just to make me happy.
This one said, in fact, Joe, uh, Joe Castell will be happy to see this.
It says feature Formula One.
While the hero covers most events worldwide, you provide two little coverage of the Formula One World Championship.
The international draw of Formula One should warrant coverage,
commensurate with the composition of the hero's readership signed Bill Daniels in Western.
Bill Daniels, I hate to break the news to you, but you know, we're not interested in Formula One.
Nobody with a brain is but number two, even if we were, the fact is that the hero assumes that most of their people
that love their newspaper, no speak in English.
They're not pandering the people is speaking English.
And certainly the people that don't speak English are not interested in Formula One.
So there you go.
You lose, Bill.
What a letter.
A letter to the editor that even the Geneva Daily Record or whatever their newspaper is would not publish.
So anyway, being the one that always brings reality back to Earth because the media is out of control.
It's just like with a Diana business.
But you're in a half ago, just like with all that crap,
where the media decides what we're supposed to be all concerned about.
Now they're doing the same thing with Joe to Maggio.
And I hate to bring it.
I mean, you talk about front page of the Sun Sentinel, front page of the hero 50 billion words written they even dug a top broker out of it earlier this morning in the Bob Costas.
They got him out of mouth balls to bring them on there.
And of course, you do understand.
And I know that Hank would agree with me on this.
There's nothing worse than a sports people love to name drop.
There's nothing worse than a freaking name drop.
That was exactly.
So Costas is like, well, you know, I didn't know him well, but I knew him.
Yeah, he once probably went up an elevator in a hotel with him.
He knew him.
And that's exactly the point.
And I love the article in there about Paul Simon and the writing Mrs. Robinson, the song.
And the reason that he put the fact Mickey Mantle was on some show there and in between with Paul Simon and during commercial break, he stirred a Paul Simon.
It said, how come you put shows name in there?
And not mine. He said, well, your name didn't fit.
Where have you gone Mickey Mantle?
It was the right number of syllables.
He was going to put in where have you gone Mrs. Roosevelt.
And then he decided, where have you gone Joe the magic because it fit in there.
Because he was from the previous generation that he was talking about.
Not for any particular reason.
In fact, when they came right down to what they said to Paul Simon, why did you really put his name in there?
He said, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know. Just fit in.
And you know, he did great work with the children's hospitaler and Hollywood.
He cared about kids. That's great.
That's a legacy that live on forever. That's fine. That's marvelous.
But to the last two or three generations of us, including myself, since he retired in 1951, he was irrelevant.
Oh, you can't see that.
Let me say it again.
Show the magic was irrelevant.
Like yesterday when I took our make believe poll about Stanley Kubrick or Joe the magic with no contest.
Because Stanley Kubrick's movies, you know, most of us have seen in addition to which like with movies, you go and you watch him again.
If you're like him, like clockwork or a jabets, a lot of people are going out and running or buying the movie, the video.
Now the Kubrick died and they're going to watch it again.
You can't watch Joe the Maggio games anymore because first of all, they basically television was almost non-existent.
It was very very there was just a little tiny bit of television when he was still playing baseball.
And most people of 1951 didn't have television sets, even though television existed.
So most of us never saw Joe the Maggio play a baseball game.
We did see the Mr. coffee spots, which were.
Yeah, that's what they were. Oh, yeah.
Now we didn't see the, you know, the film footage of him with a bag of tang in from his lips, smoking all the cigars.
And when we come back, I got to talk about that for a minute too, because you know what's good for the goose is good for the gander growing up my hero in baseball was Mickey Mantle.
But Mickey had a little problem there with Billy Martin, what before these like to have a few pops in a few more and the little liver problem, okay.
And when Mickey Mantle had the liver transplant, you remember all the big simists about that.
Oh, he got his name put ahead of everybody on the list.
And this is a disgrace and we focused in and even did PSA is remember about the drinking and about ruining your liver and about how it's good with bacon and onions and they have good liver with the deli then and Joe the Maggio be sitting in the back eating it.
Stuff like that.
But with Joe the Maggio getting that spot on his lung that cancer it was and he's got made it to 84 it's a miracle.
He was a chain smoker and the society today that's screaming and yelling about the dangers and the evils of cigarette smoking.
How many PSAs remember Hamilton burger from Perry Mason that's old whatever the hell that guy's name was the actor.
And all these other I want to be here to tell you that smoking's not a very good idea.
You know that stuff was as there one word been written about that the last two days.
No, of course not because he's the Teflon icon.
Yeah.
New from the National Scientific Research Institute comes a product guaranteed to revolutionize the healthcare industry to do it improve.
I can't believe it's not an animal and now from the president's council on health actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yes, this product will clean your poop or like nobody's business.
Excuse me sir. Now demonstrate.
Who me?
Well, I really don't shut up and then dove stop being a little girl.
Whoa, hey, get that.
Hey, oh, that feels great.
What an animal.
It's not an animal.
It's not an animal at all.
It's new.
I can't believe it's not the man.
That's right.
The brand new I can't believe it's not an animal.
Now with cutting edge leak proof technology.
No mass.
No fast.
No dootian.
Yes, you get yours today.
15 at 560 WQ and we got the big baseball game at 1250 today Dodgers and the Marlins from Vera.
Then we got the Booster.
Jim Mandage is in Hank's on the way to Vegas.
Jim Mandage from four until six.
Yeah.
And then we got Booster for half an hour.
Why can't they have like Mandage do four to six 30?
I think he could probably handle it.
And then anyway at 630 we got the pregame tonight's the big night, baby.
Biggest game of the year tonight.
The center broans in Boston at the fleet.
Enemies center.
Biggest game of the year.
Now last night, you know, you look at that and you see that performance.
Peter Worel.
Peter the big black guy named Peter scores a goal.
Robbie Neeter-Mirror scores a goal to which we're and Ray Whitney thank God.
Johann Garper lost five two over Montreal of pasting.
And you watch a game like that and you say, okay, well, the real team please stand up.
Please we'll find out tonight.
Tonight is Z-Day baby.
Anybody talking about that?
No, of course not.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I was just listening to the patient to listen to the scores for answers sports games.
I've never called before, but I heard something on the show today that actually make me think that the US people were starting to grow up.
And what is that?
I was about that the Baltimore Orioles.
Yeah.
Singing Cuba.
It's a great, you know, finally people here are starting to grow up.
No, they're not.
That's what the call came in.
Not in this part of the US.
They're not.
This is a big major issue.
And of course they won't call me.
I brought it up yesterday and I had no calls about it because they know I'll tell them they're full of crap and they know they are full of crap.
What differences to make if anything goes there and plays a ball game?
Why can't we be like Canada and have realistic relations with Cuba?
And the real reason being because it's all politics because we're pandering to a hard-ass constituency here that's living in a stone age.
Why do we have to force the people there to live in those conditions?
You know, I'm not this illusion that we're going to force Castro out.
He's not going anywhere.
That's because he's been here for almost 40 years.
I mean, this is not going to change anything.
Right.
That's right.
What I was saying is I have to admit, I'm not an American, I'm Dutch.
Right.
I was a, I was just thinking to the, oh, don't get hungry.
I was listening to the people make comments.
And they were saying that this is bad for the US and this makes the US a laughing stock at the world.
I have information from most Americans and Cubans everyone else.
Yes.
What the US has been doing these last 40 years.
That made them the laughing stock of the world.
Right.
Now actually we respect the government or whatever the Baltimore,
you'll have to take in this step.
People complaining now only makes them worse.
Right.
The better, the better.
And you know something you wouldn't hear it anywhere else in America, only here in South Florida.
Exactly.
What's the point?
What's the difference between baseball games?
Well, you're right.
This country doesn't want to grow up and that's why we're in the stone age.
That's why we just went through 13 months of penis gait here about the president getting all sexed.
Because it's where they are in La La Lane.
Where else do you see that foot here?
Right.
It's where they can this.
What are they?
Don Cabell.
Don Cabell.
Okay.
Our Dutchman, there you go.
Those people know what life is all about.
I told you that.
Those people are like 5,000 years ahead of us.
But hey, someday.
Two open lines and date two and brown.
Come on.
Let's hear it from all you hysterical.
Holyoes out there.
Let's stop the Orioles.
Let's go out there and pick it to God damn stadium to hell with the Orioles.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
You spineless jellyfish.
You people living in the goddamn turd world.
You you turd world people.
You say it's it's idiotic.
But anyway, getting back to the thing with Joe to magio.
Did he do a PSA before he died?
I mean, we know he's been dying for months now.
Did you do a PSA going on there saying since he cared so much about kids?
This is what I don't understand.
He would have been the perfect guy to do it.
Since we're supposedly so concerned about cigarettes and how they give you cancer.
Long cancer and how they kill you.
Did he go out there and do a PSA saying, hey, I guess what?
I lost a lung.
I'm dying over here because I smoked all those cigarettes.
Your kids out there.
Don't get started.
It's a nasty habit.
It'll kill you.
Did he do that?
No.
No.
But he's a Teflon icon.
And he's this word icon.
Whoever the media decides was an icon is an icon.
And like I've tried to tell you the last two days I realize I'm the one lonely voice.
And I'm not trying to pee on anybody's parade.
I'm just trying to tell you the way it actually is.
Most people today don't give a crap about Joe to Maggio because he isn't relevant to us.
In any way shape or form.
He was a great baseball player.
Period.
That's it.
And he was 84 years old and he's been dying for months.
But of course they had all this material built up for weeks and months.
You know, so they had to spew it out.
I mean, why waste the effort?
You know?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm taking off a collection.
I'm going to write the CSK boat.
Yeah.
A couple of them.
And I'm going to put all the Cubans that complain about the US government.
Yes.
Put them on.
Including rust, latent.
And they're.
And a gross latent.
Yes.
And they got.
And everyone of those picketers that complain about the United States.
If they don't like it, get on the boat.
All right.
Great.
All right.
I say send the Haiti would be good.
Let them sow some baseballs.
Exactly.
And just make sure Fidelo get a hold of them.
Okay.
Thank you.
If there you go, I'd leave it to Neil to come up with a solution.
What a genius I am.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
We can send a whole bunch of Cubans to Haiti.
They can sow the baseballs that go to Cuba because you know,
if it was a big baseball fan, they got their Cuban national team.
And then they can put, you know, like a La Bomba inside the baseball.
Huh?
Of course, probably if it won't be the guy that, you know, gets hit by that baseball.
But nevertheless, it's worth a shot, you know?
Oh, it's better than a poisoning cigar.
It's better than that powder on a shoes, whatever the hell we're doing.
You know, that didn't work too good.
Come on, Fidel.
Take a powder.
Obsessive.
Just obsessive.
The, I've told you this for years, the Cubans here are as neurotic and obsessed with Cuba as a lot of the old Jews are with Israel.
And let me say it again, just like Joe to Maggio.
I think there's a lot of common here.
Cuba, Israel and Joe to Maggio.
None of the three are relevant to my life in any way, shapeable.
How do you like that?
Prairie, not so profound statement.
Ah, obvious.
And most of you who are sitting out there right now, even though you've been brainwashed and believing that some of the above are relevant to your life, they're not.
In any way, let's get on with life.
Let's live the real life like what's going on here?
Okay?
And if you're really cared about the people over there, you wouldn't be putting on this big stink and trying to prevent them from getting food.
And then I heard Joe Rose with that great line at the end of the show there almost came up with a good line about a thing's changed there since the pope was there.
No.
No.
All that bull crap, all those lies from the media.
Oh, and what's your name there that Cristiana Amantur from CNN just peeing all over everybody over.
Oh, the pope, the holy father.
Yeah, doing a religious exercise on TV.
Anything changing?
No.
Fidel Leven?
No.
Some religious conversion?
No.
No.
Did he bring them anything of substance?
No.
Medical supply?
No.
Food?
No.
Rubber raft?
No.
Condoms?
No.
Oh, God forbid.
Jeez.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Who are you calling?
The show.
Neil.
You're speaking with me.
Oh, hello, sir.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good morning.
Good morning.
I just wanted to say I'm well there.
I'm going to be American.
I just wanted to say that five years from now, I've come to the conclusion where I think there's
more Cuban communists here in Miami as they are in Cuba.
And, uh, Cuban communists?
Thanks, sir.
There are as much as communists as the Cuban, uh, in the island.
Yeah.
And the reason I say this is because why they left Cuba?
Is they left Cuba because of the dictatorship?
Well, they couldn't, uh, let him feel free to speak.
How come they prevent the people?
The Cuba's over here.
Anybody else to say any?
That might be, uh, offensive to them.
I mean, just, you don't mean communists.
I mean, fascists.
Or fascists.
Like, for here's you about Teesta.
He was a real low-well-known fascist.
And this is the former government that these people learned.
That's right.
They love fascism.
In other words, you can have freedom of speech as long as you agree with them.
But as soon as you say something different, uh, about it being better boom, you know?
Well, you're 100% right.
Right.
And God bless you for at least, uh, you're, you're moving your car.
I've lived in New York a lot of years.
And you're moving your car too.
I'm a little more macho than Eddie Cotsford.
Okay.
Because, but you are the voice of reason.
All right.
And thank you very much and have a nice day.
And I have to keep going for this.
Okay.
We have an open sea.
He likes Luis Miguel.
Oh, by the way, speaking of music.
Oh, Boca Brian sends a half of the mystics in Hushabai.
Thank you, Boca Brian.
I don't care what that old fart in Miami says about you.
We love Boca Brian.
He sends me a thing.
A mini disc with all kinds of good stuff on it.
He's got a little star by the elegance.
And he's also got a Frankie Lyman cut on there, which is not, uh, oh boy, wait till you hear that.
Talk about black bubble gum.
I thought bubble gum was supposed to be pink.
Here's a mobile and highly a garden.
Hello.
Hey, me a good morning, man.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm up 35 year old Cuban.
Uh, and I am sick and got them tired already of all these medicine.
Including my family, okay?
Yeah.
They want to kill Castro through the radio shows at Raya Monti.
Every time you go to my mom's house, it's Raya Monti.
And they're going to go here and go.
You know, it's been 40 cats and years.
You know, you don't like it here.
Go back to Cuba already.
You guys Jesus Christ.
You really want to do something?
Castro, go back to Cuba, blow up a boat with damn machine guns or whatever you guys do.
Are you out for 66 and all you fanatics out there?
Jesus Christ, get a life where you're going to do something already.
It's been 41, 41 years already.
All right.
All right.
Well said, pal.
What do you say they say the effort in the Miller?
I think you do get a little more.
I said, uh, I have to care.
Okay.
We have an open line of dig.
What?
It's powered 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in a month.
One line.
This is just the warm up show for the Marlon game today.
That's why we got the big Marlon Dodger game.
Any interest in that?
No.
12 50 today.
Yeah.
We're sick and tired.
I'm speaking for the overwhelming majority of the people in this community, ladies and gentlemen.
We are sick and tired of all this in session.
It never ends hysteria over nothing.
If you want to exert some effort, go do something positive.
Go help some old, the lonely people in the old folks home.
Go like the Magio did in the hospital and spend some time with dying kids.
Do something positive in your life instead of expending all this energy.
Hacking a china about the same old tired bullcrap.
He's there.
It's like dogs bang at the moon.
Okay.
You can go out there and howl at the freaking moon up there in the sky until the cows come home.
And the moon ain't going away.
So you can keep screaming and yelling and howling and carrying on with the same old tired worn out like this guy just said.
And you know something you might as well go fart in the wind store.
Oh, I think somebody already did.
27 after 10.
I say let's hear it for the Orioles.
Okay.
Let's hear it for them.
Have a little caholins to go up there and maybe you know do something for public relations.
Maybe they'll find somebody over there who can play.
Media is sick and you talk badly attention football fans in the past.
You've had the opportunity to show off your team spirit with team logo credit cards, team logo jewelry and even team logo dinnerware.
Well, you've got all that and now you want to show that you're the ultimate football fan.
So for the rest of this NFL season official NFL tattoo artists will be touring the country looking for a few brave souls to have their favorite NFL team logo tattooed on their ass.
Show it off in the locker room.
Wow. What a fan.
Or it works.
Pull up your pants, football, free, or for the hardcore NFL couples.
Your girlfriend can have your favorite team rivals tattooed on her ass.
That way before the big game each year, you can do more than just say.
Them you can actually do it.
Reckos.
And the team logos.
Are you a real fan?
Then fill that blank fan.
Woooow!
Every two at 560 WQM we have an open line in day two and brown word 560 705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I can believe it is morons, so-called bag of Cubans that talking about Baltimore going to to Cuba to play in Cuba.
What are they going to get accomplished by going there?
Is there freedom in Cuba?
No.
Yeah.
Do they let us do anything about it?
No.
Do they let you do anything about what?
I'm afraid of our country.
Do they let you do something stopping you from getting on your banana boat and going over there and doing something?
Yes, they do.
Yes.
And they do the core star stoppers every time we try to go over there.
I'm sorry, the core star dole you.
You know, they get a very small number.
You've got to be creative.
First you've got to go out and you ever go to your foot.
Uh.
Right.
We don't want-
We don't want to just grow wide to where it comes to go there.
We want to do our- do our ourselves, but they don't let us.
Well, the- the Orioles aren't going there to a fight award.
They're going there to play a baseball game, sir.
And what- and what are they going to get accomplished?
What are they going to get accomplished?
And when they're free Cuba, it's got to-
They're not let- sir, let me say it again.
They're not-
Uh.
Well, what did the Pope accomplish?
Not a dancing.
And we-
We-
Were you speaking out against that?
What I was talking about, the fact he was going to accomplish nothing.
Did you call me and tell me it was a waste of time?
No, I didn't.
And did anybody else-
Yes, it is.
No, they did not.
Did they not?
No, they did not.
Well, I'm going down.
They're very well brainwashed Catholics and they don't dare to criticize the Pope.
But if the Orioles are going to go over there to play a ball game,
right away you're-
Are they going to free Cuba?
You see, that's the problem.
You had a chance to- to get them out 40 years ago and you blew it.
Okay?
No, we didn't-
Everybody turned tail and they ran.
They ran.
Get out of the blue one.
You know it.
Get out of the blue one.
Forget about-
Forget about Kennedy.
The people over there had a chance to overthrow Castro.
They didn't do it.
Okay, they all ran.
Uh-huh.
The people who were the haves, they all got to hell out and they left the have-
nots behind to live like poppers.
If we- if- if- if Kennedy would have done what he was supposed to done a long time ago-
Man, don't be- to hell with Kennedy.
Okay, thank you.
There you go.
There's- there's- there's right there.
That's what you got.
That's what this sounds all about.
To hell with Kennedy, he blew it.
One call left on the board.
Okay, we can wrap this up early.
Let's crack that Marlon's baseball game up real soon.
Two open lines and brow it all a day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
You see, if you come on here and you tell them what they want to hear,
then they'll talk to you.
But when you tell them the truth, which is not what they want to hear,
then all of a sudden they can't deal with it.
Are they gonna- how many times did I tell this guy?
They're going to play a- a ball game.
They're going to play a baseball game.
They're not going to fight a war.
They're not gonna go there to overturn the government.
Baseball teams, I hate to break the news here.
They don't go to China.
They don't go to Europe.
They don't go to the North Pole.
They don't go to other countries to fight wars.
They're not going to- with rifles.
They're going to- with baseball bats.
Which don't work too well against machine guns last time I checked.
God.
Historical.
And let me say it again.
The Pope went there.
Didn't do a god-dancing except a bunch of empty rhetoric.
And the media covered it like it was the second god-dancing-
What's going on?
Okay.
Like this was gonna be the moment of truth and all,
but I'm big, but about religious freedom.
Yeah, right.
All just a big god-dame hype job.
That's- how many times have I told you that?
The whole world is nothing but a hype job.
Just like the Joe Demagia business.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was reading the paper this morning and a Clintman's appropriating about $900 million to help the people out in Central America
where Mitch devastated those countries.
Yeah.
I like to see, you know, that's predominantly Catholic down there.
I like to find out how much-
Okay, whatever you said.
I thought there was a word in there.
You know, the Catholic charities are doing a lot of the help of people out there.
But as far as coming from the Vatican, the-
No.
They're too busy with all that art and pornography they got over there.
They can afford to sell that.
We have an open line in Broward 567.0560.
But you know, again, the Pope comes to Cuba here a few months ago.
Doesn't leave a dime.
Doesn't leave- does he bring medication?
Does he bring anything for people who are living an absolute poverty and desperation?
Does he bring anything except a bunch of empty words?
No.
No.
And I got news for you.
When you Orioles leave after that game on the 20th of March, which they will play, I'm sure of that.
After- is anything going to change?
No.
No.
Is anything supposed to change?
No.
So let's play in Kennedy.
Let's dig up his body without the brain in it.
Let's dig up JFK and just hang them up in the middle of a domino park.
And you can all put a big, but anyway, you can beat the crap out of it, okay?
Make you feel better about- yeah.
Make you feel better.
We'll put Bobby next to him too.
We'll hang him side by side, just like Mussolini's wife.
Yeah, they hang him side by side.
And the attendants.
But I'm being bettable-bagged another day that you know, they're hanging by a rope.
Just like Roberto Calvi.
Oh, I don't want to go to that Vatican Viking scandal.
Longing fifty.
Oh.
You'll never get it back.
Now, that's our poll question today.
Who would you rather loan money to, okay?
The Vatican or Stan Major?
And who do you got a better chance of getting it back from?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
What do you think will happen when castrax really does die?
Anything changed?
No.
Of course not.
His brother's going to take over and he's the same piece of crap that he is.
Exactly.
So what are we- so what are we wasting our time for?
In addition to which, why do these people want it back for what?
Are they going to go back?
No.
Do they care about the people who are there now?
Obviously not.
So what's- what's- what's- it's just something, you know, when you've got hot blood, you know,
when you got this hot Latin blood, you got to get all whipped up about something.
I mean, you can't have cockpipes 24 hours a day.
And bullfighting is illegal in this country.
So we've got to have some outlet for all this-
Ah, but I mean, but I'm going to, you know, those-
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, my Isaiah 50s that I loved but anyway I was too far back to the poor or supportive scandalous and it ended its prepotence. Yeah then, there's rings around my body over heaven, sure people I love those, love those, all friends of ours don't
yeah?
We're gonna see
Oh
Okay
Jesus Christ is super happy never shall touch
What's in my chest in your mouth?
Precinct church and church
That one thousand dollars
Can't give him the grass
That one thousand dollars
He likes to fuck a man
That one thousand dollars
He's a gloomy ass
That one thousand dollars
That one thousand dollars
Follow me
Follow me
Follow me
Follow me
He likes to keep one of the hills
To fix his fellow watchers
To forget to take your pillow
Nice and got in touch
Tension built in that age
Of four eight children both
Must and so can be a just a narrow one
It's not the pie, not the pie
Jesus in the grass
That one thousand dollars
He likes to fuck a man
That one thousand dollars
He's a gloomy ass
That one thousand dollars
He's a gloomy ass
That one thousand dollars
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh
He's a gloomy ass
That one thousand dollars
He likes to keep one of the hills
To fix his fellow watchers
He likes to keep one of the hills
To fix his fellow watchers
Follow me
He likes to fuck a man
That one thousand dollars
He likes to fuck a man
That one thousand dollars
He's a gloomy ass
That one thousand dollars
The one thousand dollars
The one thousand dollars
Th米
Th米
Th米
Th米
I can't let him mix it up
In relation with China
There's a sentence on a stamp
I
Not a pineapple a whole bunch of American crap and they were by an older chief garbage
But at any rate so I'll come in to Pope was there this big
I love the way you George said the vicar of Christ on earth just the way you said that was it. I got so emotional
My appendix started twitching again when you said that the how come when he was there
He doesn't at least do a goddamn exercise
I'm for the huh there you go
Yeah, nothing just a handshake in the kiss and that was it
Look at this gross point Michigan. Hello. Yes, sir
How's it going today great? I talked to you a couple years ago before the Red Wings won the Stanley Cup
Yes, welcome to a foreign country by the way
Yeah, that's okay. Red Wings are a staggering these days. Hey, you know, I like my maple leaves
Who got screwed over time last night by the referee? Yes?
Are we getting killed by snow right now? Yeah? Yeah, I wish I was where you are
Starting in about 78 here right now. I would say yeah, well, you know, maybe in July of course
It's still blows, but at least we got nice weather that's right hey
I was wondering if I could pick up a couple of your CDs or tapes or whatever you got produced now my kids
And I haven't heard your show in a long time. I just downloaded the
Player to listen to the radio show on the internet right and so we're kind of addicted again here in
Michigan and they're in schools all day so I can't let them listen
If you check our website at the checking eal Rogers dot com. Yeah, then you can order it right from there. Oh, yeah, yes, sir
Well, that'll work and be sure to say hi my friend dick in the curtain now. You know what his daughter is on the morning
TV show the TV news every morning Joanne really
Not bad looking how do you like that? Yeah?
You know, so he procreated. Oh, he's got five daughters
Yeah, yeah, next time he calls I'm gonna have to talk about them. Yeah, you see you no more Nigel bottom. Yes, I do he's great
Yeah, he's good guy. He loves me. Well, look at have a great time pal. Hey you too. I'll see you all right
I'm school leave school. Oh, he was a Red Wing fan. Okay. We have two open lines in Broward five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty on the mobile one line. I challenge anybody out there my age or younger
My age or younger to call in and tell me that Joe
The magio is was in any way relevant to our lives
And I'm not I'm not trying to be a hard ass. I mean a guy died. You're not happy to say anybody die. Oh, he was 84
He didn't spoke too many cigarettes
But it's another this should be a message to all you people out there should be a
tremendous lesson the way the media manipulates public opinion
They don't just report the news they decide what is news how important it is and how we're supposed to react to it
That's the worst part of the whole deal
Like the Diana business. I mean the Diana was part of British pop culture and the British are a bunch of silly twists to begin with
We all know that but the media decided that Princess Diana this very princess. She was the most important goddamn woman in the world
Mother Teresa that old wrinkled up bag
She died like a couple of days later. She got like maybe two of our words in the bottom of the page somewhere because she was a wrinkled up old bag
But she was supposed to be running around the world of course
Maybe if she wouldn't this hot so much that old the Catholic line maybe we'll add a respect it or more but nevertheless
She at least dedicated her life to going around the world and doing what she believed and even though it may have been from the stone age
But nevertheless she did her best
Here was a furry princess who was by the way born into a lot of money and married into an enormous amount of money and you know
And then you know had her public relations people sending her around getting involved in things that she knew nothing about
Like landmines stuff like that. Oh my god. She was a she was nothing is what she was she was a bimbo
But here we had you know this whole thing stage
I mean for days on in and Elton John is still huckin a goodbye
Yeah, the whole thing
Did I give her crap? No, of course not
And then of course then her then her brother gets up there and he would his big speech about the paparazzi and he's you know
Rip in the crap out of them. We they're all Spencer that is named and we find out that he's a philanderer and a money grabber
And he selling tickets to regard them museum up there by the body is buried
They're all but they're all scum okay, and with all the respect to my British friends out there
Thank God you're here because as many problems as we got here the British are scum
Ponds gum Tony Blair said that in parliament the other day and they all went here
Yeah, they know they don't know what they'd tell you what they just like making sound gutter will sound
They the British
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Hello, look, I would just like to clear on two things number one. Oh, Cubans. We love this country
It because there's a misconception that we don't like it here and no we love it here
Yeah, I think this country's great and let's get with it. Okay. Let's get with the program
But the thing now the second thing I want to ask you is because you know baseball
That's the American
That's right baseball's where it's at that's like high in Chevrolet and go back to you and Mickey Mendel
Would you have liked the Baltimore Orioles to go to Germany doing hilders?
Doing hilders age and
Go first of all the first of all we were at war with Hitler. Okay. We fighting a war with Castro. Are we at war with Cuba?
But forget about the world
Since they put the missiles out this Cuba jeopardize our security
Yeah, they do but how do they do that?
Well, what do you mean? I mean castle himself has said that United States is his enemy. He hates this does Castro
Represent a threat to our security
Well, I don't know that because I don't have that kind of information. I'll go find out
Call me back when you know something other than just emotional brainwashing call me back
It's over that crappy old nuclear power plant. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. There you go
And by the way the Olympics was I like dreaming didn't they hold the Olympics in 1936 in Munich
Or am I just dreaming or was it no was in Berlin?
Uniquest the one with a actual all the Israelis that was in Berlin wasn't in 1936
That wasn't Hitler there
With a smiling beaming face. Yeah, Jesse Owen's he was running there. They were too crazy about that right
That was in Germany
Right in the middle of goddamn while he was it taken over Czechoslovakia and taken over all of Europe
Sure, so what you don't understand my naive young friend is this that when it comes to world politics
Just like all the business in Kosovo and the business in Uganda where they were butchering people by the thousands
And then killed the 8th tourist over there, you know a few days ago
There's a lot of talk
There's a lot of talk but when it comes right down when push comes to show until we actually start getting threatened
All depending on who the week is
Nobody does a goddamn thing
If Hitler wouldn't have invaded England if he wouldn't have been bombing England if he wouldn't have invaded Russia
If he wasn't so goddamn greedy the rest of the world would have stood by and he couldn't done whatever he wanted to do
When he invaded Czechoslovakia Neville Chamberlain said ah he uh, you know never stole a freight train
He's not such a bad guy. It won't be so bad
So don't be so goddamn naive sir, you know sound like K in the goddamn godfather one go watch that movie sir
Who's being naive now? Holy old
Here's Miami hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Okay, great. Okay, chili peppers. Okay, we have an open line and day five six seven
O five sixty that's only the sparser a cuban's he's talking about he wants to be the leader five six seven
O five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Well, I mean if that's what we're gonna solve problems then how come why don't we just take all the sparsers and put them on a guy
Damien or worship with a prevailing wind going right all the way guess the ship has an engine but never less
Well, by bother with that, you know
Let's just let's fate have some hand in that and send him to Africa right? I mean if that's the kind of crap you're gonna talk
Christ
Take all the old Jews will put them on a you know a leaky old boat and the prevailing wind you sent him to Israel
It's a long way. We got to work our way through that uh, you know
Huh, what do they call that word jeball to us? What is that the straight to Gibraltar?
Like I said the straights of well, they're not all straight there. I've been there
To the straights of military or the Mediterranean. Oh hope that maybe the Windsor, you know
We don't want them to wind up like a little off course in Syria god forbid
We have an open line indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. I mean that's the American way right there, baby
That's the American
Yeah, send them all back where they came from
That's what the Indians are all saying
Yeah, you bet f and a baby
Send a back where they came from these barbarians
In fact, you know, that's what they used to say want to spoke to peace pipe. No, just go back where you came from
Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, sir. I agree with us
Basically everything you're saying Joe to match you know influence on my life right and we cubic a big deal
um
As far as the Catholic church and the Orioles and going to Cuba
You're right. What can I say I guarantee if the Pope was leading the entourage again if he was making a comeback
If he was there with the Orioles at the same time they'd all be going oh
Papa, you'll pop a smoke at a dope by yeah, I'll do you you know, we know that crap
The bishop of Baltimore is actually the primary to the US that was the trick
Well, how come how come this guy to call before they want to know why the Orioles were just playing a baseball game
I can't overthrow the government how come he didn't ask that of the Catholic Church when the Pope was there
How come they didn't overthrow the god damn government you read some of the pronouncements from the Pope you sign
You kind of get the idea every humanity get the uh the uh the
Yes, oh yes, so you know
I'm gonna do my part yes
I'm gonna do my part there's a Catholic church up in camera. I called Saint Melachine
Yeah, you got the stick sign with a speed of the Malachine sounds you're
So, well, I was at the IRS yesterday, right? I found those who are right too. We're gonna see about their tax exempt status
All right, nice answer all right take it easy. You know, stick it to them pal. I'm gonna try. All right
Wow
This is a show of friendship and brotherhood today. Oh
In other words, everybody go back where you came from
Boy 1057 at 560 WQ and watch those prevailing wins
This is the thing I'm gonna go on
That I bought you a brand new reason for the bush between your side. I don't want to hurt your beauty
But if you care at all about mine then just try to trim a little off the side
With your music and the little is a little laugh
Not to fall like a mister much that's what I can try and go for a spot
I just reached the end of this you were chaining so I've been raised
I don't want to swear a stupid when I'm down between your name
And this smell is kind of gazing you could use a white gourd shake
I thought trading through the jungle the bars of rillow that you got
Cuz I feel like I'm having sex with easy time
You shake
Not to fall like a mister much that's what I can try and go for a spot
Every time we do
That's where I choose my team to choose
Yeah
It's 1103 at 560 WQ and we got Howard lines open about 200 oven 5 670 560 and
Palm 560 other AT&T wireless line. We got Marlins baseball any interest. No, whatsoever
No at 1250 today the dodges to the marlins at Vera
We got the Panthers and Bruins biggest game of the year tonight 7 o'clock from fleet animal center
In Boston
Here's a mobile in Miami lakes. Hello. Let me know. Yes, sir. Are you done great? Well, um, I agree with you most of the times actually
Almost every time. Uh-huh, but the things that you say but but there's always a button
Um
It's funny when you talk to what you talk about what's going on in Cuba. Yes. You have an experience to
Uh, have you yes, I have yes, and I came here when I was 10
Okay, and basically uh, we've had a leave or die
Because there's no food. There's nothing going on over there that's that's profitable or for your well-being
I mean, yeah tonight. Well, there's one of the reasons that that exists
If you think isn't one of the main reasons that those conditions exist to that degree because of this idiotic
American embargo against Cuba
When I left it was no embargo against you. Yeah, but there is now there is one now
Yeah, I've gotten of course they've gotten worse
See, I don't under I don't understand people who have relatives in a country that's 90 miles away
Who evidently don't seem to care who are willing to watch them starve and get no medical supplies and live like poppers
Uh in order to make a point. I don't understand that. I don't get it
That the reason why you know, it's basically the same thing that happened with the Jews
Good news. Yeah, the same thing that happened. You know, you're a Holocaust what the Jews Holocaust is our Holocaust with Fidel
Basically, you can't understand it because like like like that
Also in other words cast her around it up Cubans all the dissidents and he put them on trains and he's sent
To be and they don't like to take a shower is that it if you want to be literal
Of course, you know, that's not what happens. So so why was you basically? Why do Cubans? I was just telling George before during a break
Cubans always like to make that comparison. It's part of this comparative misery thing
We just don't know when we can compare to it. Would you like it to compare to? Oh, how can we compare it to?
Okay, no, you don't compare it to anything just describe what it really is you're after compare to anything
Something kind of a contest this he was been persecuted which that a contest is definitely a contest
We want to win a contest is about misery. Yeah, that a contest
I mean you brought up the
Sir you brought up the Holocaust okay, and I just got through saying a little while ago that people in this country who are obsessed with Israel are
Crazy people okay
I
agree with you what huh, so why can we be obsessed with Cuba you're living here? I'm not I'm not here for being
That's a thing it's not that I'm obsessed with Cuba couldn't care less about the
Orioles go there and play a ball game which they will
The national team goes to Kandin yards and plays an exhibition games which they will make nothing nothing is gonna change
It's gonna make no difference. So what's the point? What's out of the region about what's all the history?
The point is that when you speak when you say things like you live 90 miles away and you don't care about your relatives
That's not necessarily true
Okay, there's certain things that you just that just just can't do as much as you want to be there
Why not you want to help them why not take one guy with a gun and go over there
It's not gonna happen. How about going over there and bring him some cash bring him
You know, whatever you want to bring him how about that going over there? You can't
Why don't you go well that that's the point and that's what I just got through asking you
Why do we need the embargo? What's the point other than the satisfy a bunch of politically?
Psychotic people what's the thing? I asked for it adding vote for it
Yeah, it wasn't it wasn't I got any added gray alien of course late than that. You'll take your ass away in a train
Oh, that's the way it is right, you know
The only way the only reason why I brought up the Holocaust you know with brews and why I brought those things up is
Because the only way that I can basically you understand what we're going through as a family not as Cubans
Forget Cubans as a family. How would you like your family members to call you and tell you look? We have nothing to eat. Yeah
We can't do that. Well, I can't do that. I have to go and go through it. I'll come to the Pope the Catholic Church didn't bring him in a something
Because he's a moron. He's a one. He's a pawn. He's just a figure. He has no power
He's an idiot. He's a retard. He doesn't he has no power. He opens up his mouth
He got an execution cancel right here in this country. He got it was on death row. He has no power
It's all a guy that was a multiple murderer murdered three people in cold blood. It was supposed to be executed
He comes over here and opens up his big mouth and a guy who's not even a Catholic who's a Protestant says oh, okay, whatever you say Pope
He's an icon that's what he's an icon your god damn. Okay, I have a great. He's the Teflon icon
Whatever I'll leave it there cheap
The Pope is a freaking icon. All right
Excellent job sir
And we all say anybody with a brain agrees FM FM Zimbola's junior the Pope
Silly old man and a god damn dress and you know something a lot of the people just like this guy day and I'm not saying
I'm not gonna I have no idea whether he's gonna go to church whether he's gonna put money in that collection basket
subsidize this corrupt bull crap
People who really need we're talking about living and breathing people you can argue you can argue philosophy
You can argue about government. You can argue on all the theoretical horsecraft in the world
People have no food on the table don't care about theory. They want god damn food to put in their god damn public
That's it simple nothing complicated
Tired of the same old flavors of yogurt cherry strawberry banana pears blueberry
Well look out taste buds prepare yourself palette for crootians trout on the bottom yogurt
Out on the bottom
Proofsons new trout on the bottom yogurt combining to delicious attributes of yogurt with hearty chunks of rainbow trout
No frills no gills just great taste
Proofsons trout on the bottom yogurt regular and d.i
It's 1113 at 560 WQM. So what an alcohol stain state all those crazy old Cubans outside for a lot of the other day
You're looking for the whole
Something like that
I mean talk about yet in every single time whether it's a performer that went over in chukka del's hand
Whether it's somebody that gave him a peck on a cheek well
Especially if it's a guy. I mean no matter what it is
Same old tired song and dance, but not the pope
But the pope goes over because you're all very well brainwashed and the cat's got your tongue. I remember when he was here
I remember when the pope was over there just before we said meet me in St. Louis Louis
And I tried to elicit some kind of calls. I tried desperately. I begged. I pleaded like I usually do
I used my tweezers to try to find somebody out there that I could squeeze out of the radio land to open up a muffin. Nope
Cat's got their tongue
Because it's ill papa and now that he's gone. Uh, what did he do? Nothing. Not a zippity-duda. Not a thing
Here's a lady in high-lea hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, I thought it was about time for a woman to get in on this meal
All right. I've never done this before but nevertheless the car asked
What was Castro a threat to our security? Yes now. I'm a psychological nurse and I can tell you
He could he what he is doing is psychological warfare
all those prisoners that
Our criminals at the chrome detention center. They can't let me send back to Cuba
He's working at real good, baby. Let me tell you
So you know, well, let me ask you something is either one that's controlling what's going on a chrome. Is he the one that made that law?
No, I don't think so. Oh, not a hard time. So how's the controlling man?
Uh, is oh, that's right. It's psychological
Well is because that's what if he is is he got that woodpecker going again? Is that it?
What he is controlling at the end. He don't have to have a woodpecker. Yeah, I meant he does
Yeah, if he is controlling it makes all those high-fit sounds and drives us crazy
Look how much I think this town got like it is
You know, I never called anybody before and you keep on talking. Oh, I'm sure
Uh, yeah, I'm 80 years old. Please
I'm a retired nurse and a private pilot. So I'm no nut. The private pilot? Yes
I'm one of those rescue the to the loose magnations over
Oh, I would have loved to do the rescue
Oh, well, I've been on a rescue mission when I was 40. Right. And how did you rescue?
Oh, we were out we belong to the civil air patrol my husband and I we had a airport
If it's possible southeast not west you are I mean
Last money
We went west out over the water and found some people for the coast guard. All right
So uh, I think you were not a book about it. Right. They're do fantastic. No kidding. Now, let me tell you
It's gonna cost us money who ever's doing it. Oh, there's cash dollars some other creeps. Yeah, they keep these guys at chrome or
Transform to other prisons. Let me do this. Why don't we just send them back?
Uh, are you kidding?
Oh, I wonder if they're criminal. How about all the people that are being held there who didn't really basically do much of anything that we're just holding there?
Yes, uh, you mean
Again
Again, oh, yeah
This was the land of the free. I thought that this was
Justice and
I want to know who are in limbo forever. They're doing the limbo rock. Yeah, but I want to know
Yeah, because I take care of take care of Cuban children Christian school. Yeah, and oh, yeah
I agree by the way speaking of Christian school how come the Pope but didn't leave us anything when he was over here
That's what I wanted no money. I used to be Catholic and I ain't no more good for you
All right, Neil. Thanks a lot. I enjoyed and say hi to the Virgin Mary
Great day, sweetheart. Okay. Bye bye. She's coming over to Rosa's house in four days
Well, look at that. Let's see the 10th the 11th and this Saturday is the 13th
This Saturday, Shabbos the Virgin Mary will be at Rosa Lopez's house in Hollywood. Let's hear it for the Virgin Mary
All right
Open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in C ranch lake. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought this brother. I thought brother cat it man died
Yeah, no, she's still alive. She's still cranking him on this like her look at the tell by the yellow teeth
This is Gator Tom. I'm on my school service route. Yeah, if you happen to see
I do anyone called about the guiding light yesterday and who represented Annie Dunton
Oh, yeah, Johnny Cochrane was on there for about 10 seconds. I believe it
Yeah, I already saw the previews for that so I knew it was coming
Ha ha ha. Hey, it's I talk about a media or master man
Absolutely
And I understand he's a legend in his own mind
Since I'm on the floor out all the time I get home late in the afternoon
I usually watch it at five o'clock on the small dish. Yeah, did you tell us a few days ago that
CBS was going to be canceling the network affiliation on the dish. Yes
Oh, no, they already killed mine. All right. Already got the litter. It's already long gone on the big dish history
Oh, there's two. I'm not be able to see it. Okay
Listen, you have a good day and I agree with you. I'll be able to see you can't pick up channel four
Well, yeah, but I'm not doing pools. Yeah, I'm cleaning pools with that out here. You why don't you set up your eye?
I know see that's the problem with me too my vcr is set up to the off the satellite and I got a pocky around and change the whole thing around because of this damn
Alan Shackle in the channel for this TV fascist. That's right. And you expect the other the other affiliates to follow
For foxes already. It's fox and CBS
Oh brother. Yeah, exactly
Okay, well, thanks. Okay, I have a great thing
So if you like cartoons where you know cartoon characters part swear a lot you're in big trouble
If you watch him on the dish
We have an open lock is that's what foxes all about open line and brown or five six seven and let me tell you if there's a
Worse show that's ever been on tell bother probably or something with the ex files. What is what is the what is that people like green slime?
It's a brain fork she's a price. I don't give a sh** exactly
I just got through plenty excesses song if you want to see green slime. We'll talk to Linda blur about it
She knows about her p2, huh?
She knows all about doing a good p
Right there on the floor. You're gonna die out there
We have an open line in brown or five six seven oh five six you know how about William Friedkin
He's not dead yet, but someday he will be now that'll be controversial
Because everybody else in hollywood hates him like poise. They turned out to be a real asshole. I guess made some great movies
Or some of his other great movies beside the exorcist William Friedkin that fox guy will fax you a whole list
That's why I ask because I know he would do it well. We're getting old and seen now. What do we know?
Seriously the exorcist and nobody else would touch that man. I mean, hey, we're like real nervous about and guess who got real upset about that
Not the Catholics and guess who got upset when it came out with godfather one
Do reject Satan. Yes, I reject him. Yeah, right and in the meantime, my mother was rejected Satan
All over your god damn i believe suit
Here's my maybe tello. Yeah, sir. Great
Yeah, I was uh
I wanted to bring back something that you were talking about yesterday. I mean, I chance to call you
Um about uh the wrestling. Yes about all the fangs and wrestling right? Well, that's not true. I wrestling nice. I'm like gay
I believe you. Oh, do we believe him? Yeah, we believe it
I just took a poll everybody say we believe there's always got to be like a token straight guy
Well, I guess I'm there but why did you uh what I don't understand is why the straight guys want to grapple around on the floor and uh, you know grab each other
Why? I don't know. I just like the sport. Oh, what did you like about it?
the competition um
I placed third in the state in 1986. All right
You know, but when the guy left the side any of the guys that you wrestled against I mean that they uh you ever noticed that they were grappling in places a little bit too often to uh, you know
Well, you know, it happens, but I didn't take nothing of it. I'm not in the time. I didn't you know
I just went out there to wrestle. I didn't go out there to do anything else. Right.
Squirted right after the match. I didn't have a woody or anything. No, right. They have a maybe they did. Well
They're probably always a good idea to pin the other guy because if you're on top you can't get into too much trouble. No, well
I
You know, wrestling is good exercise. It's a good sport. You know, you could think what you want
But uh, you know, maybe there are a couple of fangs in the in the sport one or two probably. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you know
If you tell you something I'm gonna turn pro when they're me being the world wrestler federation then you really find the facts
Okay, pal, good luck to you. All right
Well, you know what the rest of you get down with those tights on oh man
Now that that's gotta be hey, that's just like the farting contest never done on me before
I bet your Lord Windasmir would have been great wrestling. Oh man. There he goes again the other guys would be just swooning
passing out on the mat
Open line and date he this lice kid. He just can't face the fact that he's out there grabbing a bunch of
Fangs and they're grabbing his I don't want to say it in the air, but yeah
That's what you were doing of course now these years later now
He's gonna have a complex about it the rest of his life. He's got to feel bad. He was doing all the uh, you know
All kinds of homo erotic stuff that uh, he was doing. He didn't realize it right on of these things right
That's what I was trying to get at
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yeah, good morning. Yes, sir. What is this?
When I was a year I have something to say that might be controversial to a lot of Cubans here. Oh, we're gonna do that
No, well, I'm sorry
I was here. I was 15 years old when
Castro came to power and we had to flee and I lost money and property in men's please
If we had
Yeah, I don't remember I'm gonna see a lot of the people over there now. God please
But the problem is surprised if it else got fleece in his beard
Uh, could be never washing it, but the problem is I got angry this morning
I've never called the radio station before and I got angry with one thing. Yes
We Cubans we left Cuba to let Cuba rot in its own
Whatever in its own stink. Yeah, if we had not left
We let Castro has everything he has because we let him have it
We fled we turned our
A bad turn came right and ran away
Now you have
90% of the Cuban community here is born and raised in the United States
They have no idea how it was there. I hate Bastel. Yes, I do
But I admire him in the same in the same breath
I called this American president that coming on
countless Cold War event they were so back they fault ones were the central American wars
And Vietnam Castro is still there
We can talk and talk and talk but nobody has ever done. I am in the shame
See me even the Argentinians. I mean God bless him. You know even they had the cahons to invade the focal islands
Didn't work well, but at least they gave it a shot, you know
The only people who are to blame for Castro and Cuba is us
Not Kennedy not the Americans not anybody right we left Cuba to its own problems
We did not turn to help now. It's too late
And we blame everybody else. It's not fair to anybody right want to yeah
And I have been back many times Cuba is still a very beautiful island
And it has a lot to offer
The shame of has happened and I hope
Tells here are the most beautiful. Yeah, that's what Marlansky said. Yeah, well, it's true
It's true really for tourists Cuba is paradise right
And I am really sorry about what happened and I'm sorry to say I don't think it things will change anytime soon
But for the Cuban people listening and calling you and comparing our situation with the Holocaust
I am ashamed that that's that's astonishing. How can you compare that? I mean
millions upon millions of Jews and Slavics and everybody died
And don't forget the gypsies and and gypsies yes and homosexuals and
I'm almost right and we are here living better than we ever had in Cuba
And we compared this to the Holocaust yeah, I say get with the program. I said about time. You know 40 years later. Let's uh getting
Let's
He said me or to happen is what he said. That's what he said. Don't even say yeah
said with an SH
Okay, well said amigo by the way traces number we have an open line and Broward 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
We got Marlon's baseball come up any interest at all. No, okay. I just I'm just checking
As
We
As
You can't use your...
You've been around way too long.
Cast your...
You are pretty fast.
Just too long you've lost it.
The day of pigs should have worked.
Fiddle you make me sick.
Get out of here back quick.
You are so goddamn rich.
You and me go son of a bitch.
This all we know you like.
Are you behind the strike?
Where are you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
Where's that?
Where's that?
You're not now in three-year nations.
Are you into masturbation?
There will be the embargo.
Cuba will become another key logo.
USA.
It's turning from the wrap and lots away.
Losers.
Cast your...
Get out of Cuba.
We just can't use your...
You've been around way too long.
Cast your...
You are pretty fast.
You are very meny, but at least you're discretized.
Just go fast then become
Now you write your neighborิmargol.
What do you write to your neighbor?
Masik countryside where the
land wasn't
me
audios heavier belts eleven thirty four twenty six more dominoes fun sixty
indet
bullarded in the world nobody anywhere
wishes that you'll be read about six or more than the all of us
anglos here in his time so we could I had a evidence that I wasn't
about something important besides our the orals gonna play some stupid baseball
game in Cuba on March 28th Jesus Christ this is this should be the worst thing
we got to worry about man what life that would be here's Miami hello
hello yes sir yes I am hey how you doing great just about this guy that was
talking about you know he was so worried about his family queue we had to lose
them 100 bucks a month and they'll be fine yeah the queue was then a six
seven at least six seven hundred million dollars a year to queue and they're
doing better than the person and besides you can go if you want to right you
don't want to get the the permanent from the state apartment go through
can cool the behind must wear right right people don't realize me that's an
American see this you can go wherever the hell you want to go and nobody can
tell you anything you just you just have to make a stop that's all well you
know if that is the country going to let you go in but you want to go to North
Korea you go through Japan or like Korea whatever and you go you say when you
come back there's nothing they can tell you because that's your right I'll be
asking that really never thought about going North Korea you know I think that's
why my list you can go whatever the hell you want right and this thing with
yeah he's gonna be until he dies right so that's what the United
World Home and once you will know if there's a revolution in Korea you know
what would happen about 200 people walking over the water over here they will
have to feed about a 10 11 million dollars yeah they don't want them they just
want to let them die in peace and then they'll be on the end already
dying peace like Joe to Maggio yeah okay okay ostice
bye ostila pasta La pasta we have an open line of date 5 6 7 0 5 that's what
they say Basta La pasta okay what's his name the sales guy Tony what's his
name? Koddrek trying to put it out of my mind he was down here this morning
hopping around with his boyfriend that there's like a little fraternity we got
here in our sales department little fraternity of all similar kind of guys
too by the way open line of date one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 come on let's get with it we got to solve this by 10 to 1 we got a
short show today and you notice I was right about Joe to Maggio because the
only had one call he agreed with me he said he was totally irrelevant in my
life and I would say the same thing I don't drink coffee okay so I don't have
no Mr. Coffee and I don't even know if they make him anymore they do make him
like I said totally irrelevant but the media wants you to believe that this is
a I mean a front page of the newspapers everybody they've hide new them
Bob Costas new everybody their brother is a freaking name dropper
basically what's the bomb did him and a goddamn lobby someplace yeah right
they all knew him they were close personal buddies
here's North Miami hello yes sir I get a few little things there one thing I
heard around nine o'clock this morning how it's turns was using your material
yeah he was using that's absolutely correct sir really well God bless Howard good luck
well I thought you'd like to know I don't know another thing you're right on the
aerospace man and all the way aerospace and number one baby amen and I just wanted
to know just tasted really close and I like George too man when you get to take
another vacation we can hear him huh when you're gonna take another vacation so
we can hear George oh no but so you don't want to hear me is that what you're
saying no I love you Neil man I've been listening to you back I just got back you
were on a back I just got back from vacation sir all right I don't like
nothing I want to talk to George you got okay come when George is on talk to
George okay talk to him off here call George off here open line of day one
and Browse he just wants to suck around he's one of your little suckles so you go
on here for five minutes and all this and you got a little group of sucklings
here you go pal suck on this
GDS is sick and he's not badly but away and feel the release smell the fresh sea air
taking the young parallel experience of Cuban resting on big lactic it's like a
vacation away from your troubles your life back home you're the skipper on a journey
to a better place the only thing between you and your destination is whenever
nature has planned for you that day unpredictable breathtaking life-threatening
human resting on big lactic will your way to something better real faster no faster
here come the shark scatter a much faster than it well damn it pay for brother
you wish Navy it's 1143 at 560 W. Kim just a little hour over our way from the
pregame show for the big game baby any interest no doggers no Marlon no two
open lines and Broward 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a
mobile in Miami hello yes sir yeah Neil for long time listener first time
color listen I agree with you on a lot of things I disagree in a few yes and you
know the thing about you today you talking I'm cute myself and I up in here
since 61 you know there's a lot of opinions expressed to the they're really
absurd like the embargo thing is it total myth I mean it's always that
relationship with Canada with Mexico with most of Europe he's had people coming
in and out and trading L. he wanted to Spain everybody yeah so that's not the
reason for the mr. Inquire right now is the system that they have yeah you know
the people that came when I came was not for economical reasons is because we
didn't have any freedom of speech no freedom of press and freedom of assembly
somebody like you who expresses your opinion you'll be thrown your butt in
yearning into seconds over there in other words you have freedom of speech from
the Tista was there yes no you didn't have
but this was a dictator also that doesn't have been my family didn't agree with
but these two either you know and I I left when I was 12 so I don't remember I mean I don't
it wasn't my I mean what about the Cubans really know about freedom of speech they
they've grown up under two dictators one was a fascist one was a common is
what no no but this was not a fascist it was much milder than this here I mean
for that again pull hence your but Tista was when fascist okay he was a dictator
yeah I agree with you we don't disagree on that but you had a lot more freedom
you were you were kind of the regime then you did great and then you were
pissed off what it got to that's not that let me tell you a lot of the people
landed on your money and you came with stuff over here a lot of the people that
thought it was already really people think that yeah yeah my father fought against
okay magnetic bracelets on channel 20 trace yeah a lot of the people that are here next
aisle initially they were with cash for gold chart yeah because they didn't think that
they were having the government's leadership yeah okay but the system was so wrong with the point
but what is the point is the other year later the key was not nowhere he isn't going anywhere
I well but you know that he had a lot of interest are keeping him there also you know we
keep his try and Bay of Bix in making Cuba yeah okay the Argentina's right in the
fog we tried to pay a big and we get royals through by canadiens at the time well that's that's
almost 40 years ago now well I will we haven't had a chance of anything else after that anybody who
tries to do anything from here to get thrown jails right because you can't run your own foreign
policy that's right yeah you have laws against that you have all the countries around you talk
to the people of Argentina look at the great job they did in the foglin island well I mean you know
I don't know what Argentina why not a lot no just just make a different name for it
what what does that have to do with you waste or isla what does that have to do with Cuba anyway
I don't know what does Cuba have to do with us what is it my life well there's a lot of
Cuba to live town I mean sure there's a lot of Jews in this town I don't see them running over
to Israel I mean there's a lot of all kinds of people well what does that have to do with anything
there's a lot of Chinese people in Toronto I don't see them all running over to fact to China
well you were talking about the embargo is it the reason why me ask you this would you say that
China is the largest communist the government dominated country in the world today is that right
that's right that's right yes it is number one we have we do business with China
I know relations with China we travel freely to and from China and we have for you
you know what I mean as the key well sir but but in the meantime all the Chinese people that we
have in this country and up in Canada for example I don't see them screaming and hollering about
communist the communist they're they're they're doing their thing they're living their lives wherever
they are now well they they don't you know the people here would like to have cash
over thrown but we don't first of all you know cash for so why is there so why is there every time
somebody does anything like playing a baseball game or some recording artist or some artists who
performed there or whatever every time they open up a month and have a different point of
you right away the Cuban community who wants to attack them and make a big deal about it
it's so old like I said before it's like playing a stock record we're fed up with it sir we're
tired of it we're throwing up from it already we're vomiting from it we'll keep it to Miami Beach you
would see a lot of Jews running around running and you could even just who came out of that or any of
the Palestinians came down here and did anything you would see that all the Jews running around
what is that that what does that have to do with what I just got through saying how come in the
Pope went to Cuba who's a lot more powerful in arafat how come in a Pope went that there was no
demonstration screaming and hollering about it well some people complained about it I mean he made
a fool out of both I never heard any I never heard any I never saw an immediate I didn't see
Iliana Ross late and getting up there screaming in a congress uh common Easter coming is the I didn't
see anybody a yell and come he synthesized the people that I didn't agree with I was going there
either yeah well they were sure awful quiet about it well I tell you it's a big problem he's
gonna be for a long time I was anywhere getting him out of there so then why don't we just go out
and live our lives and if the royals want to play a baseball game there who the hell gives a crap
that's not gonna change anything well uh you know some people have a right to complain though
it's a freedom of uh speech you know if they don't like it then like people growing doing any kind of
uh well how come up and open but what about the freedom of speech of the people I was just talking
about the people the performers and the artists that want to come here and perform on Miami Beach
and because of the fact that maybe they like Castro or they want to shook his hand right away they
get their concert get canceled they have bombs right what they have a right to do what
but they have a right to come here they do and every time they try you're not listening to me
sir and have a nice life good luck to you because you have you have an ear problem you only hear what
you want to hear freedom of speech against freedom of speech for those who decide that whether they
like what you say but if they don't like what you said or you want your hands with somebody they
don't like then you don't have the more freedom of speech you can't perform you can't show your art
you can't do this you can't play baseball you can't do whatever
and let me tell you right now that is not that's the American way the American fn way okay
which is one of the big problems we got in this time is that we got all kinds of people here who
don't want to understand the American fn way they don't want to hear from it they don't know from it
because like i tried to explain to this last guy when you got people who you know who grew up
under a fascism which is as bad or worse than communism it's the same thing any ism totalitarianism
they don't know from freedom but anyway what i see i'm getting worked up we're exactly one hour
away from the big ballgame baby now we're talking oh five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello and how's what's up okay a lot of these Cubans are you know they
want to form with the mouse get off thoroughly but the fact of the matter is i'd say about maybe
ninety ninety percent of them really don't care because they're over here and one in a 20
times better environment they have a lot of times they have a lot of money million times you know
even though they're surrounded by their own can i mean they're over here they have a lot of
freedoms that they didn't have over there and i for one would like to say that if the
on your idea there's no sedanos on the streets of a van i'll guarantee that right now no there's
about there's that cat vendors maybe that's it but no sedanos if the bearded one fell it would be
kind of good because then all these old militant who leans would just go back no they would not
they wouldn't go any within echo and nowhere man they got appointments for domino games 10 years
from now domino park that's right hey by the way how's that rationing it's doing great you know i'm
fellow uh... victim of hatch items medical semantics yeah i've been to i mean i don't want a bad
model of part of it i think he rules but he has a real minimalist approach when it comes to like
diagnosing people right so it's like you know he gives you a whole thing about his diagnosis because
he doesn't give you one yeah well he his favorite you know his favorite diagnosis for every patient
is contact dermatitis so you know i go by the way neo had his friends because you were talking about
wrestling this is gonna be you know kind of interesting yeah um this is how gay that sport is uh... he
he had to drink practice he would he would be the uh... the wrestling coach is sparring partner
and one day um... he was talking about how they put him in a hole then he's like you know what
coaches balls really smell yeah i mean how would you know that well i mean would you
you know he's a wizard he's a wizard if i had him you could have leg of course i mean that's the
idea to get the the other guys head right down in there man a meal right down on it
where you find out he right where you got him
oh man talk about well he's from dr mark i'd buy the way dr mark you'll be pleased to know i brought
this in today so i could read this on here for my good friend Stanley who's a great guy by the way
you have any dermatological problems go see my buddy Stanley with airtie center for dermatology and
holly with their grade but nevertheless so they take the biopsy which you had left me you know
little scarlet healing up nicely and most of my rashes gone but uh... nevertheless i still have
you know i got a few little aches and pains given getting old like i think i'm gonna have a pen
to side as soon but at any rate here's the report skin biopsy left neck
wait till you hear this rare necrotic epidermal keratinocytes with sparse superficial
perivascular lympho histocytic infiltrate oh that's my favorite sparse superficial
perivascular lympho histocytic infiltrate and mild dermal edema
comment this pattern is not fully diagnostic
but could represent mild sunburn reaction no or possibly a subtle manifestation of solar or
urticaria no one additional possibility is an early expression of dermal contact dermatitis
what do we just hear from our pies on there features characteristic for drug eruption are not
identified so the idea of the allergic to uh... ethyl at or uh... right at that whatever that was
wrong
sorry dr. aposco niaq i mean that these are basically uh... you know guys trying to make a living
they don't know this now surgeons these surgeons i have great respect for there are a lot of
great surgeons they do miraculous things especially if they're taken out the right body part at
the time which usually they do but i mean that is uh... you know they're like uh... schmoosers you
know like he says patch atoms with the red nose have a good life you don't need me uh... could be
this could be that and now that this is mostly gone doctor marco say see i told you just wait
another six or seven years and then when he said the other day when he called last Friday yeah just
wait another six year seven years it'll be gone here's perine hello hello uh...
neal yes sir just uh... let's talk about uh... jodam adjard little bit yeah for a minute the jodam adjard
could possibly hit uh... even thirty consecutive times in the days modern era of ninety plus
mile uh... fastball you mean with all these minor league pictures yeah i would think so no no we're
talking about that that's the main reason they had the maguire source of thing last year which
everybody likes to write always exciting but the fact that you've got the all this expansion and
you've got the quality of the pitching is wrote test well i'm talking about the error of the
bob jipsons and the sandy co-facts and all that right talking about when he hit his fifty six you
know what year that was forty one what was going on at forty one
major war no not only did it no just a year nineteen forty one no we were in the war
this we were on semen for seven forty one we were in the war no we were not
this we were no we were not
but japan bomb pro harbour on the sebor the seventh
that we started it actually nineteen thirty nine no we were not no we were not we were not in
that we didn't declare war on anybody until japan bomb pro harborsor you better go read a
history book what year was that nineteen forty one december seventh the the season was already
over with we were we were already involved they were playing baseball in the wintertime back then
which we all doubt we were already and how many so many so many so many so many so many so many
again there was not one american fighting a war when jota magio hit in fifty six consecutive
games okay his hitting streak was may first to july 16th nineteen forty one war machine was
already getting cranked up there was there was not any draft there was nobody in the military
there was nobody the war machine was getting cranked up all the good ball players were in the war
oh my god
oh
whoo
uh
Frankie live
and you talk about vanilla you talk about silly baby crap music Frankie live in the team
i think that guy that's fact that listed they were just trying to be an ojampa vahkator and succeeded by
the way i mean you want to you want to talk about some of the great music of the fifty something
really memorable if it ever cues up on this stupid what what's wrong with this thing
where are you little star
oh
oh that was that was a song that was great remember the elegance no
me
come on come on come on come on now pack me
okay
and while you're at it all is very
who
all
Come on, come on, come on, come on now, pack my dog, pack my fingers to pay, pack my patience,
pack my sanity, get out of the lose anyway, buy April 15th at Wednesday.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
I won one så dis沒 Titans, I won one so I've just
got my return for now, so I think I have to go catch theseSP hot
again.
Brock, I have to go catch these stakeout.
Then I need to hack some of these when Walmart is experiencing
history, which is an oil salon sold out in Wisconsin,
thirteen thirty nine with american and i think that i think right
somebody that knows nothing about american history or anything else a moron
or a matter of the way in addition to which
and like i said before it's such a stupid exercise
to try to compare athletes who played fifty years ago and a hundred years
by sample type of he couldn't get one hundred of you was playing how to help you
know what it could do let's dig a lot and find out and my
but wait for them to come back
my second point is it what kind of a week in moron
but your show on interrupt with a
game that doesn't count with a team that will not win
yeah kind of a freaking idiot does that
right freaking read that's who does it
freaking read
i didn't know the station existed so i heard you were on right
and i put this
there but we just had this great trend the ratings here were dominating the whole
god damn market here in the middle of the day and they butcher it up and of
course hank is going to get slaughtered there in the you know in this coming
uh... in this month anyway with all these stupid exhibition games
you get butchered
good god i can think of a at least the people just that i know at least two hundred
people are ready to fire baseball that the radio with a stupid bs on there
yeah
anyway you have a great would have to anniversary and enjoy the game
okay we have an open line and powered to and date five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the mobile one line come on let's get the lead out of your ass
okay we got forty minutes to go here until i big baseball game comes up
don't let me just sit here and die because we got a god damn exhibition ball
game coming up that nobody cares about
that's in the contract that we got to carry it
the dodgers and the marlins
with the next i mean oh even the regular season games is anybody care about
those no
but john henry was a pile driving man don't forget that
it was also the sign you should have racing
just as that jackass filled your jeff
thank god he retired that jackass race called in chicago filled your jeff
but an idiot what i would have
pseudo intellectual jackass i mean how can you be a race announcer and be a
suitable intellectual and by the way speaking of race announces
i'm flipping the channels i'm turning on the sports channel yesterday what's
the panther pregame i turned out a little bit early they got the highlights
from golf stream and i guess time durkins on back in the york now
and got a wee lucky to have time durkin here during part of the year again yes
the greatest
and who we got we got that mumble mouth much mouth Ross Morton from finger
legs racetrack in canodag when the york we got down here that's the kind of
classy outfit they are but they're golf street he must have naked pictures of
jotaan and bomb
Ross Morton just a more from the most there are
the most I mean this guy unbelievable
even the jockeys are flipping off during a race hey Ross you know call the right
horse one time
but I'm just
Jesus Christ this is a guy you know this guy's got such an ego you know how the
sports stations you're like i would be used to run the u-rogre a little bit of
the call of the race of the future race of it he wanted to charge
for the call he wanted to charge the radio stations for using his voice on the
air
this is a guy who has his big claim in fame is for last 36 years he's been
calling races and the finger legs new you are a race track in canodag when
New York
excuse me in farming can New York
eight miles outside of town
farming to knew how many people live there the same number of people are like on
this floor in this building right now
here's a mobile invoker hello
you know you're just i am
i'll get a little part of you badmouth and jogue date
part of it
okay to a lot for a lot of people in this country what
show them a lot of joy
you send a bad mouth in the guy bad mouth in about what
need me about everything
make it fun of him the guy said let him rest
yeah what do you do for you
this about what do you do for anything how do you change how do you change your
life
you know what is what the magio give to you
give you a lot of things what did he give you inspiration inspiration to do
what to make this phone call while he knows that got his dead
we have an open line of power five six seven oh five sixty and
five sixty on the mobile one line
you know he wouldn't know Joe to magio from goddamn Joe Costello this guy
okay
from Frank Costello
who by the way used to hang out at Joe Stone crab that is mentioned that in
passing
here's a mobile in the sunrise hello
yeah I know yes sir yeah I this is your friends and coin traders call about the
exciting my friends the coin traders yeah with a scientific and sunrise yeah
um as you know that yesterday's the election with the commissioners yeah we'll
vote them all out right that's what I was gonna say what we should do with that
guy damn Pat Salerno is he up for election
uh I he's a city manager I'm not do you think you voted in or you're asking me
about some I would imagine he's appointed yeah that's a guy we got to get out
there right but I think we should be like we're doing a bit in the movie Bruce
does millions just vote for none of the above yeah and bring back bring back
uh... all the mellow yeah there you go he's just as quick as the rest of
right and the funny part is they have the they had an article saying that all
these guys are a violation because they all have their signs along the highway
which is a violation of the ordinance but they can get away with it yeah the
guys like us in business
uh... harassed by it it's it's a joke they're asked to court pal soon for
about two hundred million else straight in the rss out there you go
thanks serious good luck to you okay there's the guy looking for a free
plug again son right
well you know they deserve it
the coin dealer guy in the guy lady with the laundry there that the pat
salaros try to put out a business because we got too much flashing neon here in
sunrise
it's interfering with the dead people
it's interfering with the enjoyment of their death
too many flashing neon signs just like in Vegas by the way yeah better cut
that down to a dull roar baby
or that i mentioned that the mandarin base somebody called a few days ago about
that open now
air every time in fact thanks on a way out to Vegas right now we do not show
from there the rest of the week
air every time you turn around the road putting a new
glitzier bigger and better the ballad you know the mandarin bay and we got
Paris coming up and we got that what's the other one the veneous the veneutia
whatever that thing is
you know what i'm talking about
air be five minutes there's a brand new and it just and by the way they had
a little bit of a dip there for a while now they're making a comeback
even with all the added hotel rooms they're kicking ass
thank god we don't have that here
right sweetheart
this is the real bad good
perfect man yeah there you go
she helped you have a set art deco
about anybody see that thing on date line last night
that's a good show that's about the only thing on msnbc worth watching is
date line
and the time machine i like that to a gene poly
all the keep showing the same ones over and over
but anyway they had to think about that new book by what's your name
margarit or
they left off the in cuz you want to be confused with the north
but anyway about a cool man
you see that you didn't see that piece
i felt like a preview of it
i'm going to go out and get the book is just a lot of stuff in there and of course
you know they glossed over last night on date line about the but your job the
fb i did about the fact that it didn't really alert anybody and nobody knew
that he was right here in the middle of uh... said her and so on
and also for the first time we found out that johnny brosachi was h.i.d. positive
which the family of course and i's vehemently but uh... hard to deny science
so now they're speculating about like maybe that's one of the reasons he
had a vendetta who knows
but they didn't know each other from before just mention that passing
him in jianny
not johnny by the way
all you greet those out there
g.i.a.n. uh... you are a spell a no johnny
gelion
degil the bottom two-throughv you cut the how pletra
like asking for your folk
but
warts
whore
it
It's boring and it keeps you far away from me.
It's such a goddamn thing, designed for those you don't like to think.
And get excited from reconqueering the things.
It's on days long, boy!
No one gives a f***er.
Or gets the answer, Taman.
The violence wants their payments.
Contracture wants the green and monthly message.
No.
Despite the grading myth, they have new ways of it.
And hope they find that all the insurances are dead.
And part of the day falls.
Time to make a sandwich, part of the day falls.
I'd rather hear Jim Mendes exciting as the sound of trying things.
Design for those with trouble, any lame.
It's far away from me.
It's far away from me.
Out for life, let's ask those f***ers once.
Once f***ed open in the rosace,
let's get you fun and add in this.
It's far away from me.
No one gives a f***er.
It's far away from me.
They'll trick you off the third baseline.
A very good one.
Take the line to third baseman.
That seems an honor.
First, he took the first baseman off the bat.
Oh my god, too hard off the goddamn bag.
Call 22 at 560 WQ.
I'm just half hour away from a lot more of that with Boog and Joe and Dave and the salmon
Dave.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
A lot of noise out there.
Hello.
Hi.
I want to throw a curveball on the cube on the Cubans that are more or less complaining about the
Orioles going over there.
Yes.
A lot of times when I'm keeping myself, okay, even though I haven't been able to go to Cuba because I'm still in the army,
but my family does.
And a lot of times those are the families that are over there and they have family members here in the United States
are living comfortably.
What I'm saying comfortably is they're having a piece.
They can get any type of medication that they want.
Yeah.
As long as you have the good old US dollars over there.
Right.
So I mean, if you don't have a family member that's over here, then you might be a little bit of trouble over there.
Yeah.
But anything that they want, anything that they can get, it's all being done in the black market that's found there.
I think black is the opportunity.
How do you think the black Cubans are doing over there?
Not too good.
They're doing okay.
I mean, if you have family members over here.
I think leave on and El Ducey.
I think they're saying a lot of times.
I'm sure that all these politicians are always telling you that how bad things are on Cuba.
Believe me when I tell you that they're sending money over there and when they go over there, I'll put it this way.
There's always somebody that's going over there and you always know who it is.
I think the technology there was surprising how far ahead they are of us.
I heard somebody yesterday saying that most of the Cubans are HDTV positive.
Have a good day, Miguel.
Thank you.
I'm Rubin Archie.
Oh, yeah. They got the 25,000 lines just like in Liberty City.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven.
No, that's not a picture we're talking about.
That's on the tube, man.
On the tube.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, on a mobile one line.
Yeah, Dr. Mark was right.
I'm slowly working my way out of this.
I think he's right.
I've got another six, seven years, I'm going to feel great after they take my appendix on.
See, when you start getting old, boys and girls, you know, as soon as one thing clears up,
then you start having aches and pains someplace else.
Then you wind up a little bit of a pain in your...
Correct.
...because life is basically a pain in your ass anyway.
You just do the best you can.
And just stay away from those doctors, they'll kill you.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neal. I think that Miami Herald once again stoops to an all-time low.
Yes?
Bob Rubin says that Joe's a measure retired at age 37.
Dan LaBasterd says he retired at age 36.
In the same newspaper, somebody please get it right.
Not that it really matters or anything, but...
I just go to Shory, though, don't ever believe anything you read in the Herald.
Double-second, triple-second, and then you can laugh at it.
What the more I've had it, what...
The other thing is that Dan LaBasterd has about as much...
Dan LaBasterd?
Dan LaBasterd has about as much perspective on Joe's the measure as my 10-year-old kid.
Well, I know about all these people that are talking about it for Crann out loud.
They weren't even born when he retired.
Now, he retired 48 years ago, okay, December 11th, 1951.
That was only four days after they dropped the bomb on Pearl Harbor, I mentioned, by the way.
He retired.
He announced his retirement.
How many of these people were even born then?
None, and I mean I gave high, was Dave Hyde born in?
No, no.
I gave him any of the...
No.
Andy the Pope, right?
Andy the Pope of Greenwich Village, okay.
Hank Goldberg had a great thing with him yesterday, and we know that Hank Newton showed thee very well.
But I mean, would he...
Hank was a name-dropper again yesterday.
He played David's in the play, David's in the interviews, but...
Some of the alleged...
Yeah.
I don't know if you read Love It Tar this morning.
Well, of course not.
I wouldn't read that.
No, he didn't.
No, he didn't.
And the last thing is...
50,000 columns about Joe Dimasio and both of them, he was on paper saying, you know, all of them written by guys that never even saw him.
That was the first he was a recluse.
I mean, that catch we'd say he was Howard Jews.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
But boy, I'm still saying, how can nobody as commented to think about Mickey Mantle?
Well, Mickey was a drunk.
That's why I'm not saying that.
But yeah, okay, but he was a drunk and had a bad liver of at least we heard about it.
A lot of people said, why?
You shouldn't have put him ahead on the list.
He got the liver before people had deserved it.
And he brought on his own misery.
I mean, Joe Dimasio had lung cancer.
He was a chain smoker.
Yeah, I know.
Could it be that maybe he was a literate and people don't want to say it?
No, he's the Teflon icon.
But he never went to high school.
I mean, somebody said that he had trouble...
Levitars said that he had trouble spelling his own name when he first came up to baseball.
Yeah.
So maybe...
It's not any of those day-go names.
Too many letters.
Maybe the guy clearly was a dope.
I don't know.
Could be.
Anyway, thanks, Bill.
Now it's here.
Well, Marilyn Morose, she had a high IQ.
She was sharp.
I'd be honest with you, she wasn't that beautiful, you know?
There's another one of those things.
Another one of those hype jobs.
It was a character thing.
Is that it?
It had a big smile.
Yeah.
And she smiled.
And she was blonde.
Right.
And she was in that scene with the, you know, the Wind Blue Herd dresser.
Which by the way, Joe was very upset about that.
Yes, he was.
Was that movie?
Seven-year-age.
Was that it?
Yeah.
Where the wind that she was standing over the great...
Especially since everybody said, yeah, that's great.
Apparently she had transparent panties the first time around.
And he freaked out so they had to put her in double panties.
She had transparent panties in that scene?
Oh my God.
Wow.
I'm surprised they didn't bring her on that TV show later on.
Leave it to...
Okay, we have an open line in the day.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight,
five, six, eight, five, six, eight, on the mobile one line.
Actually, she was, you know, all right, looking.
I mean, the Kennedys liked her.
Of course, they were like any slot, you know?
Although they had much better taste in our present.
Okay, well, by the way, did you see poor Monica in Britain yesterday?
The paparazzi?
Oh, that was great.
I loved it.
They just, they just about annoyed her right off the stage.
They're with her book signing.
What a joke.
Here's a bitch.
Here's a slut.
Goes with her presidential knee pads.
Broke up this other guy's marriage when she was 17 years old.
Always running around with married guys.
She's a piece of crap that saves the dress with a semen stain on it for a souvenir.
And now she's running around the world peddling her book.
She's an iconus.
Bitch.
Here's a mobile in Western.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
You are the man.
Yes, I am.
Hey, Neil, I challenge anybody to call in and say why this guy is a hero.
I mean, I really want to know what this guy has done for anybody.
Why?
Well, he has a response to that great coffee maker.
I think they jerked from New York that called a few calls ago.
He probably got himself a free, you know, one of those coffee makers, Mr. or coffee a couple of years ago.
I'm not joking.
Come on.
What's it either?
He was a ball player.
He was a very good ball player.
He was a great ball player.
But you know something, even you look at his lifetime statistics.
He had 361 home runs.
What the hell is that?
It's nothing.
It was just a marketing tool.
I saw everybody can do them in an office guy.
He's tied.
If you round it off a little bit, this guy hit about half as many lifetime home runs as Babe Ruth.
Less than half as many as Henry Aaron.
So what's the big deal with this guy?
All right.
When Henry Aaron dies, they're going to say, oh my god, an American icon.
Just of course not.
Yeah, that is.
He's the wrong complexion anyway.
I'm telling anybody, you know, you're the man.
All right.
Plus, of course, they're calling this morning.
I'm going to come into work.
Oh, how about Roberto Climetti?
Roberto Climetti wasn't going to be recognized because he was black.
He was Puerto Rican.
He played a small market Pittsburgh.
Joe to match you, man.
He played in New York.
So anything in New York automatically, you know, has to be bigger and better and more important than has to be an American icon.
Although I still say double standard, Mickey Mantle, Bad Liver, okay?
I'll come in to too much booze.
This guy, Bad Lungs.
And I got news for you when you change smoke that much and you want to put a spot on your lung when you're almost 84 years old.
You're pretty lucky.
You've been pushing it, baby.
Change smoker.
Why aren't these goody tushos?
It shows you how phony they are.
Oh, we care about the kids.
Right.
Just like Henry hid, cared about the kids of America, about the message it was going to send that we got a flandering present.
And the same Henry hide that had there was two children in the marriage that he broke up with a poor guy that's living in a western right now.
Didn't care about those kids, didn't he?
Fony bastard.
Fony piece of crap.
They're all so concerned.
Well, why don't they use him as an example?
If you want to die at the early age of 84?
Like Weinstein Churchill.
How old was he when he died, by the way?
Like a 90?
No, I seriously.
He lived out of close to 90.
Drank like a face.
I can't smoke those stogies.
I mean, he had a, even in his sleep, he had a stogie in his purse.
Maybe he was burned.
Maybe he knew better than Monica and the Bubba, huh?
He always had a stogie even in bed.
Got only knows what he was doing with it.
George Burns, he only lived to 100.
Always had a stogie puffing away at his purse.
And he really smoked him, too.
Right, of course.
One a day, at least.
How much W.C. feels?
Always had a big fat one.
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach.
Jouper now, Neil.
Here's a Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, you think they put on the marines?
Because, uh, they're about as boring as Hank's spot.
Okay, thanks.
I'm sure Hank appreciates that.
See, always pick on Hank when he's out of town on the way to Vegas.
That's good.
I got news for it.
Even Hank could come on in fart.
And it would be more interesting that all of Marlon exhibition games put together.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
Hank could come on and do name dropping for four hours a day.
Well, I guess he does it.
I mean, he could do that for five minutes.
It'll be more interesting than all the highlights of these stupid exhibitions games.
That even the marlins don't care about them.
Oh, but we got Cliff Floyd.
Yeah.
I put him right up there with Joe D.
Joe, uh, Darnell.
Learning to spell with Joe Darnell.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
You're so busy with your faggot hockey.
Yeah, okay.
Here we go.
Here we go again.
Call the morning, Shoke.
And this guy's still listening.
He's still listening.
Thank you.
God bless you, sir.
It's the fag hockey talk show.
The one that doesn't listen between ten and two.
And all I want to say is that we got to have this, uh, that we have to listen to this.
Trace the call.
Let's find out where he is.
He's being held at gunpoint.
Fuck.
Who late?
Damn it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you're right about one thing, then.
Marlon was beautiful.
She was one.
She was beautiful.
I didn't say that.
I said she was marginal.
I didn't think she was all that.
Oh, really?
It's fine.
It's okay.
Anyway, but who's Kennedy's fault to die?
You know, this blame him can't do it anyway.
Kennedy's fault that who died?
Merlin or okay, bad phone.
Call me back.
We're not.
Two open lines in Broward.
56670560.560 on the mobile.
She has to know the most mysteries.
All you religious nuts out there that believe this stuff that supposedly happened thousands
of years ago before we had a printing press or a typewriter or a telephone or a newspaper.
And even even now here we are, we got newspapers.
You're reading the arrow.
Can you believe it?
No.
So what does that tell you?
Another one of those mysteries.
How did Merlin Monroe die?
Will we ever really know?
No.
Was Bobby Kennedy involved?
Could be Peter Lofford.
Well, we'll never know.
And that happened in our lifetime.
Elvis, are you still alive?
Do we really know for sure?
No.
I think I saw that Duncan Donuts this morning with the plantation police force.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Thanks to you Mrs. Robinson.
Joltin Jill has gone in law.
From the way.
Hi, hi, hi.
Oh, man.
That was good.
That was emotional.
Where have you gone Mrs. Roosevelt?
That's what he was going to put on there.
Thank God for all these Bob Costa's types that want to get real emotional about Joe Dino.
What if Paul Simon would have done?
I mean, you've heard that song 60,000 times since yesterday morning now on CNN.
You know, which I like the song.
Don't get me wrong about that.
I love Paul Simon and the Garfunkel Art.
He's okay, too.
They both do it.
But I mean, Chase.
What if he were to use some different to five?
Let's see Joe, did Matt G.
Oh, five syllables.
See Tony LaZero.
Where have you gone Tony LaZero?
See that one.
Mickey Man.
Eddie Robinson.
Where have you gone Eddie Robinson?
A low-maination turns getting hit from you.
How about Jackie Robinson?
Huh?
That would have been good.
That would have fit in.
Of course, he was a sparzer.
And Paul Simon went to, well, what was the all at the Afro-Colour Music he did later on?
Huh?
What was the name of that album?
Real quick.
Album for the people in the universe.
Oh, come on.
You know what I'm talking about?
I know what you're talking about.
I didn't buy it.
What's the name of that?
No, I didn't either.
I hated that.
That was garbage.
But I mean, what was the name of it?
But at any rate, how come that would have been perfect?
That would have been more appropriate because Jackie Robinson, he transcended sports.
The first black player in Major League Baseball.
He was a, uh, a trendsetter.
He was a ground breaker.
He was a pioneer.
And a great player.
Where have you gone, Jackie Robinson?
Come on, let's hear it.
We want Folka Bryant and redo that with Jackie Robinson.
Right?
Yes.
Oh!
I like it.
Come on, put some other five syllable athletes.
Okay.
Where have you gone, Frank Mahavallich?
There you go.
Excellent.
Just happened to be the right number of syllables.
Joe, don't feel bad about it.
And I realize, you know, it's going to be a heavy burden in that box.
But Paul Simon, you know, could have been just about anybody.
Yes, but Frank Mahavallich!
I want a cool beer and I want it to green.
It is a touching day so all things must be green.
I'm going to celebrate this with some green clothes on.
I'm going with lots of things to be left with on.
I'm going to hang a sack of orange for me.
Don't really like it, but I really could have seen.
And then I'll go down to watch the big gray.
Everyone's happy, but no one watching is gay.
I'm going to keep on drinking beer that could be.
I'll drink until the coldest days.
What I'll be in is we are all Irishmen think that today is here.
So we put it all in, taking this and drinking beer.
I'm going to be in the early, early, early green.
Twenty to one at five, 50 W. Cremits, ironic that I should have played there right there because the 17th is coming very soon.
It's only eight days away from Patris Day.
And on over that, starting tomorrow we are doing a multi-part series on the great contributions of the Irish American Society.
Starting at 10 o'clock tomorrow until about 30 seconds after the R.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil.
I think that potato famine is what turned them around. Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
What about the little Ted Williams?
What about what?
Ted Williams.
Say, hey, he's on this morning.
I'm going to tell you.
They had him propped up in a chair.
But seriously, he looked like Don I'mus with a fat head.
I mean, a dead man in the chair slumped over.
He gave barely open his eyes.
And it was one of the saddest things I've ever seen in my life.
But I mean, the player was.
I mean, I was the boldly good player.
And would you have the greater player than Joe Demagio's.
That's what I thought.
And then you're question that and you know something.
He's going to die.
You can see it in his face.
In our lifetime, Ted Williams will die.
And I guarantee you there won't be one percent of the stimulus
about his passing that there was about Joe Demagio.
I mean, I'm not going to win all the championships.
It's the other guy won.
But I mean, he's one man to hit 400.
Home runs.
I mean, he's a great field.
Let me get it.
Last guy to hit 400.
Oh, yeah.
Big time.
Right.
That's what I'm, I just don't get it.
I'd like to see what happens when he either,
either it's a bigger parade or he'll just go and, you know,
just close the door.
Okay.
Somebody you picked up.
Somebody had a, you see that?
Somebody had a thing on his guy's phone.
Come on, he's the, come on, he's the better person.
Here's a dear field.
Hello.
Hello.
That was something Bell, by the way.
You notice that?
That was Bell, so they've been interfering with the phones on his show for years.
I'm going to see where you're mixing.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
It's probably flat.
I'm telling you.
Neil, I'm fired up in fifth thought.
About what?
About the cut in your show again this year for baseball?
Yeah.
For a non-descript, who can buy the ball?
For an extra big game.
I mean, it's bad enough we got the regular season games.
I could understand why we'd have to carry those to carry the game.
But exhibition baseball in the middle of the daytime on the highest
way to show on this radio station.
I'm fired up in fifth thought.
Man, oh man, I'll tell you one thing, sir.
Make no mistake about it.
Pistons get sneaked fired up when I hear someone say that.
Oh, and one other thing.
Yes.
One day while I drink it.
I got to thank them.
I got to go for an under.
I won.
How many times you said...
How many times you said...
What on...
Okay.
Whatever.
We have an open line in the Broward.
567-056-D-56560 on the mobile one line.
He's got the Overshot others.
You just can't figure out what it is.
He's got it on.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's wrong with that guy that keeps calling?
well pissed off uh...
that got to grow up which guys and
that fact that before the one with his uh...
that
they hockey show you
that guy's right
he was a high school or a
he was a high school wrestler he doesn't like being outed on the show i guess
he's
child and he's still collecting baseball cards i think
right that's right that's why he calls the worst thing is one of those sports
nerds
but uh... if i could change the subject slightly
please
totalitarian government human
and i'm as you yes
it's a totalitarian government here in the united states
actually and uh... jordan mascius state of new york uh... have you heard
what uh...
uh... julie on the doing that that's that only for j walkers in the york now
really julie any wants it
take your car even if your first time uh... the you i'm and there right and
even i read time i get rid of quote even if
even if you get acquitted
you don't get convicted yeah it can still take your car right
and i have to about that and julie on his quote with well those are cases where
the guy was really guilty but they're just wasn't enough evidence
that he liked that i don't that's why don't live in the u.k.a. sir
you're really julie any for president not
and they like that though i think you're a cruiser down here the ones that
still live there they're not too crazy about them but the ones down here
all you know he's a good guy really clean up the city too much okay too much
anybody with a brandy like a little bit of that spice the way the city used to
be and i'm talking about a little bit of sleaze is good that's what i'll go
to the
but this guy who wants it to be like that to uh... and a septic
disney world here they want to go to disney world or go to warland though if they
want to go a little excitement little flash to go to new york to flash it
here's a lady in high lea hello
now yes man
can you hear me i hear you like you right next door
my husband loves you and he's afraid of cat
why is it a pussy your husband doesn't want to cause oh my god
calling for him wants to request
but solution the basket yeah
okay
it was the option in the basket
there you go time to put you up
okay what time we get out here very soon by the way that that baseball game
anybody sucked up about the game no
anybody care at all
forty now all four
get it right there man we don't want to step on bookshambi
although
how could you tell
or see gigantic i am begging him i i don't know what to say
i don't know what words to use to convince this guy he's got to lose weight
now look at that scale by the way
just barely over two hundred now that's the lowest i've been since i've worked
on a station i've been big and fat i've been in that fishboot
i mean all this bad stuff candy
crap made myself sick
you can't look anywhere else just look yourself in a mirror forget about the
rash
looking yourself in a mirror you big fat people like myself
you've got to stop with the fat
enough with the god damn fat
cause the fat people are the god damn dead people
look at jolton jolomaggio even lung cancer was he ever fat no that's why he made
it to 84
Winston church well that's a bad example
George Burns here's a mobile in Miami hello
me how are you doing great okay i remember what happened years ago when those
planes shut down in an international water yes
brought it to the rescue yes and we're going to go down there and play a
baseball game is that ass asshole
what does that what does that have to do with it
is like me killing your son and then i'm and then i invite you to play baseball
tomorrow
yeah you know he i love the good friend of mine
how about the pope
i forget about the pope all i see here so convenient you get upset about a
stupid baseball game but the pope who's supposed to be the biggest religious
leader in the world he goes over there embraces this bearded son of a bitch and
i forget about you don't want to talk about that why because you're embarrassed
about it that's why this is me a one of those
uh... pilots were was a good friend of mine i understand that but you're not
right now i have a conversation
i forget about the pope i'm not a good friend about the pope thank you
say you don't want to talk about it
very inconsistent if you're going to be going to stand on principle or what you
pretend is going to be principle and you're all been out of shape about
whatever it is you can't do it selectively okay
either you believe in it or you don't not just let's convenient
not just when there might be some credibility even though there's probably not
here's a mobile in my amy hello
me oh yes sir and here's to you that we know don't you know the
the levels jimmy not enough to all those you lose
sorry ten more rena for syllables you got to have five five
Jackie Robinson i mean just that fits in like a glove prank my hobelage
yeah there you go
i mean you could hear us to you boy a salami if i'm not a
solvals
here's a lady in boker hello
yes man
you play a hockey song for the game today this is a lady this is some little
kid who put you on a phone little kid
i what do you want
you put a hockey song for the game tonight what hockey song
you mean like stop and time that's stupid hockey song
idiotic piece of crap biggest game of the year tonight boys and girls
ruins ending hello in the we're on the
order the stop tonight stop tonight
tension goals the little chances in a for once we got it for you baby pregame 630
seven o'clock to game we'll find out who the world men are tonight
seven o'clock at the feet of the most federal advisor now there is a game we can
relate to the focus uh faceball game forget it
oh yeah you can name
oh right
the best game you can name it is a good old hockey game
second period
where players dance with kids the place the home team failed behind
but they grabbed the fucking door bursting up and they're down across the line
they storm the trees like fumble bees they travel like a burning flame
we see them slide the fucking side it's the one one hockey game
oh
oh
come on
oh stop and time won't see him no more
all right well what a day today it's a short show but look at it as we saw the
probably decided jota magio if you're a real old fart he was very significant
for you in your life we sent along our condolences to you
if uh... the the Cuba we don't care about the baseball game in Cuba we don't
give a crap the Orioles that we're just gonna know we just want to support
the Orioles anymore do we support the Orioles before
no and guess what we don't support him anymore so how do you like that
