Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and
browered or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guests,
callers, or anyone else on the show to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers
unsports radio 560-QAM. Speaking of the dolphins, our day
Joseph talked to Yencil Green.
10 out of 2 at 560 WQAM, do you realize that we have only 31 days, 30 days, and
14 hours left before the end of the world? You realize that? Wow. Maybe that's
the problem lately. Maybe they're all at the ATM. Maybe they're lined up there. This
overhead by the way blows. But at any rate, it just keeps changing
every day. But then again, don't start yet. Wait, wait about two minutes before you
start. So my morning here starts on the fax machine and excuse me by the way
if we're getting all excited about something that definitely affects me and 10 other
people and nobody else. Starts with the fax from a Cathy. And I'm a little bit
suspicious because this, I don't understand this deal. This looks just like the
other faxes we were getting yesterday from the West Coast and this also has a
West Coast Pacific time thing on a full number. But then it shows a, from
Catherine O'Brien and it's got a Broward number on here. What does that mean?
What does that mean? And the thing up here has got a 760 area code, the phone
number on the, I don't get it. But at any rate, Cathy says, and this is so typical,
you know, what's that for me? I wanted to call it yesterday while
demoting the fact that everyone kept bringing up the old system of network
affiliates that directly he used to offer. You said that a network feed is a
network feed no matter where it comes from. Did I say that? No. No. Wasn't I the
first one screaming and yelling about the local affiliates forcing us to watch
their network feeds when the CBS and Fox took it away? Wasn't that the first one
screaming and yelling about that? But there was nothing you could do about it,
Cathy. And the new law that I was carrying out about yesterday that enables
you to say goodbye to the cable, it doesn't have to do with that. Although it
does have to do with that if you live in an area or you were using a phone
you address that where you don't receive the local channels clearly. It does
have to do with that because then it allows you to go back and get your Eastern
West feeds and so on. But that's not the main thrust of the new law. But
Cathy says I fired cable the day the SS was installed about a cheap roof
antenna to get the local channel because that's all their worth. But one
time she wanted to watch the Rangers game and they had Rick Sanchez on Kayocho
and one time I was trying to watch Gawning Light and they had their watch
his name, really, Rodriguez screaming the own about the Coast Guard spraying
a Cuban refugees and all that other crap. That's right. I agree with you Cathy,
but that's not what this is all about. She says the new law means nothing to me.
And I think that's what a lot of people you spoke to yesterday were trying to
say if only they've been taught how to use their words.
It means nothing to you.
All we heard yesterday was from people talking about two basically two things.
Stealing cable, you know, the illegal cable boxes and the legal cards for the DSS
and they want the Eastern West to fully it. Does this law have anything to do with either one of
those things? No. No. In addition to which by the way now Channel 900 does work, it is on there
and it points out that New York and LA are operative and 901 will work on your direct TV.
I can't speak for Echo Star because I don't have it. But 901 will work like as soon as it's
available in Miami in your market. So it's imminent. It's almost any day. And I don't give a
crap what anybody says. I think it's a major boom. I think it's big. Is it in the papers today?
No. Is there one word about it today? No.
So let me be selfish. Kathy, okay. It does affect me and I do care about it.
And I do want to say goodbye to the cable. And yes, I would like to get the Eastern West
feeds and all the other guy to him feeds of all the networks. But you know, something if I can't
get it, I can't get it. I'm not going to sit there screaming at the moon like some kind of a rabbit
dog. Like a lot of people in the audience were doing yesterday.
If you can get it, get it. If you can't get it, you can't get it. And the signal is either.
So there you go, Kathy. Thanks for starting off my day, which is already of course being in here.
I mean, God. Let me just do a little line check on here. Okay. There you go. Here's line one.
Sounds a little bit suspect to me. Here's line two.
What do you think that is? You don't think our phone lines are screwed up again? Do you?
Let's see line three. How's that sound? Hello?
I got that line two again.
Okay.
Okay. Well, we'll have to play it by ear. Okay. We'll have to get some line checkers on here to
see if these phones are going to work because I told our program director this morning.
He went out of here in tears after I told him, but I told him this morning if the phone
don't work again today, we're playing music today and every other day because this is where I
draw the line in the sand. Well, we went through here yesterday for the eight minute time.
You know, you can make a joke out of it. I can play on this.
But after a while, it's not funny anymore. Part of the responsibility of this guy,
Dan, companies to provide a studio that works, including a phone system that works.
It's a guy named Top Show Greg. You have to have a phone system that works and they lie and they lie
and they stonewall and they keep stonewall and I take all four responsibilities. I should have told
them months ago. Months ago, then unless we got this guy, Dan, thing fixed, I'm going to sit here and
play music. We're all just calling sick every day for three or four months, take off and hit for
civilized place. Kelly decided they want to, you know, spend the money or the effort to put together
a system that works. That's all. And yesterday, we not only had lines malfunctioning, but we had
lines that wouldn't roll over. We got people faxing me desperately. They're frantically trying to call
and they're getting fast busy. They're getting the business. They're getting this. They're getting
the shaft. That's right. And that's what we do best here at QAIM is give everybody the shaft,
including the talent that are trying desperately to do a show to bring in this money so they can
pay the guy they and bills out here and maybe someday pay Scottie Mack so we can get this toilet out
here in a hallway fixed up. And it's embarrassing. Do they have any shame at all? No, you ought to come
in here. I wish we could give the whole audience a tour of the facilities here. Oh my god.
You talk about a toilet. You wouldn't be on the floor here. That's how dangerous I'm serious.
Too late. They already did. That's what I'm saying. If you went out here in a hallway and you would
debt it, but if your bladder was about to burst, you'd find some way to hold it in. You'd go outside
in the backyard and squat with the water, not the outside in the parking lot and do your business
out there before you would pee on the floor and hear just for fear that you might expose your
privates to the adjurms and the festering swillets out there in a hallway. We got stuff hanging
from the ceiling. We got the insulation. We got all kinds of crap hanging down. It's hanging
down in the cord too. How do you like that? Just take a look. It's hanging down.
Hang down your head, Tom Dooley. Baby, come to QAM. You're in a disgrace, Greg. You're in
industry disgrace. Now, it looks like maybe to phone my work today. How do you like that? Maybe?
Do you think it'll work for four hours? No. Well, what percentage does it see? Because I'm a
hard ass. What would you say? Because I remember the not this last time, but the previous time when I
was on vacation, you had one day you told me when the phone was like totally out. Am I right?
Well, technically difficult or just a lack of involvement on the audience's part. No,
no, I'm not. I'm talking. Forget about that. That was without saying. I'm talking about technical.
Oh, this last time? No, I'm talking about previous. Oh, previous. Oh, geez, half the time.
Half the time. And I would say, let's see, we came up here in the middle of March to this great
third floor here in the middle of this festering sewer on the third floor. March to April to
May to June, July, August, November, November, eight months, eight and a half months now.
Good today in December, one eight and a half months. I would say during the eight and a half
months that we've been on this floor, I would say 40, 50, 60 percent of the time, maybe more.
The phone lines don't work. And we're just here trying to do a talk show. Oh, our chief engineer,
he's on vacation this week. George Carso and Julio, our fat Julio, he's a wandering around with
Scotts tape somewhere trying to tape the kids transmitter together again. Trying to keep those
nose pickers on the air over there at KISS. And we've got a little extra Scotts tape, be sure and get
bomb a case piece on his head a little tighter. It's flopped off the one side. People are starting to
talk. They're starting to confuse him with Eisenberg. Remember the thing, which one has the Tony,
which one's got the muskrat? That's what they say around here. 10 minutes after 10, I sure feel
fired up this morning. I'll tell you that. I'm just loaded ready for beer. I got a lot of good
music. Christmas stuff, right? In case this phone doesn't work. No portion of this broadcast may be
reproduced without the express written permission of W2AM deeply read acquisition court. Just face
of stands for nothing. This really is so often an artist comes along that captures in song the true
spirit of Christmas. Now that hallowed tradition lives on. Here he comes the honours working man in
snow business. The godfather of the well, Mr. James Brown. And in that, this, holding that, this,
on his turn, yes, on his rest. See the best game. And it's him. It's just Mr. Daniel.
A change round.
But that's up I could say that book is so white Christmas.
Damn you better thinkin' me.
Different man like me.
I'm gonna have to get you out of here.
Santa's got a brand new back.
Why be good for Christmas when you can be bad?
Start walking your fucking with our gym, bro.
Christmas!
Wow, what a happy hearing!
Can you hear me?
I'm gonna have to do it!
Happy morning, King!
Happy Christmas, man!
Happy you both!
It's 1016 at 560 WQ.
I'm waiting to hear this.
There's the greatest facts when these people here at QAM get ahold of this news.
Your right, Stephen, the guy who sent the facts to me from Browardy City.
You better not let your management hear about this.
There'll be the first ones getting it on.
W-A-B-C-778-AM in New York is using a digital cash box to squeeze even more commercials into Rush Limbaugh show.
The Post has learned this is from the New York Post.
It says Rush Hour Squeeze.
W-A-B-C and hundreds of other stations nationwide is testing cash box,
which stands for Cash Radio Time Reduction.
Whatever that means, which creates more minutes per hour than they actually are.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Wait, can you hear this?
Another seminar for the sales department?
The only 50 dollars.
Radio executives made your corporate under corporate pressure to keep delivering double-digit revenue increases,
are low to discuss their new technological marvel,
and even industry trade publications have so far been mumm on the development.
CashBock processes live shows like Limbaugh's Wilder on the Year,
digitally compressing gaps and pauses and speeds in order to allow as many as five additional commercial minutes each hour above and beyond Limbaugh's normal maximum of 18 minutes an hour.
Are you following this?
So in other words, if he had 42 minutes to speak, previously.
What they do is they compress it all down,
and maybe they get them to talk a little bit faster to you.
I'm talking about, hey, like a lot faster.
I'm a Kimmer, who was a good guy, and never saw a freight train.
Get a little bit faster.
I didn't know WABC was using it on Rush,
but I just found out that the WABC engineers knew about it,
said Kit Carson Limbaugh's Long-Time Aid,
attempts to reach Limbaugh who show his headquartered at WABC were unsuccessful by press time.
Oh, there's another spot.
That's right.
I just had to reach back to the facts machine,
we can compress that two seconds in an air.
You know this spot in there.
For years, radio and this is unbelievable is what this is.
Oh, this is perfect for QIM.
Here you go.
Maybe we can afford to buy a phone system that works if they put this in now.
You think you got a lot of spots now?
Just wait.
Of course, if they get guilty to talk any faster,
I mean, you know what I'm saying?
Like that.
Be like Rimmer Jr.
For years, radio and TV stations have been able to massage pre-taped programs
to where the hell is the second page?
Where's the next page?
Oh, here, to speed them up in order to cram in more commercials.
Have you ever heard of that?
I never heard of that.
I must be for Rinai.
You know what I'm talking about?
I must be for Rinai.
I never heard of this before.
Time for another spray-out.
All the time over at IOD,
especially with rush,
as a matter of fact, to make it time out.
Like to hit the news on time,
we do the very pitch thing and change the speed all the time.
To fit a spot in, for example.
And IOD,
when the hell did we have rush?
Oh, in the ancient days.
For a little while,
when I was a part-timer there,
we had to run rush on tape.
We did it with it all the time.
Oh, you mean like late at night,
they ran it or something?
Yeah, in the evening or whatever the hell it was, weekends.
But radio is new cash box.
Slightly delays the beginning of actual live programs
so that more ads can be inserted beforehand.
Cash box then spends the rest of the hour
or segment using on-the-fly digital compression.
So the show will still end on time
and make room for the next program or newscast.
Have no idea.
Now, there's no take-up rest.
For example, if cash box reuse
on Paul Harvey signature sign off, Paul Harvey.
Good day.
It's coming, Paul Harvey, good day.
Turn the federal and ABC radio commentator
and they crocodile-dundee sound-alug.
Good day.
Pitch, however, isn't effective,
meaning Harvey would not sound like Alvin the chipmunk.
The device already is widespread and being used
by companies like CBS Infinity,
Clear Channel, and ABC.
Oh, my God.
Said Craig Kitchen, President and the CEO of Premier,
the network that syndicates Limbaugh, Dr. Laura Slesinger, and others.
This is your 2000 technology.
Now, I'm forward if it doesn't hurt the image of the host.
Said Kitchen, one of the few radio execs
who would publicly comment on cash box.
I'm for any form of non-traditional sponsorship revenue, he says.
In other words, when in doubt, squeeze more money out of each hour,
of each segment.
Though talk show host nervous about their ratings
will likely argue for commercial limits when they negotiate their next contracts,
they're getting no support from at least one giant network today.
Kitchen's Premier Network is owned by the 830 station
negative group Queer Channel,
which is started using cash box at some of its stations
to accelerate its own networks programs.
We began testing the units a few weeks ago,
specifically inside Laura and Rush.
So, WABC program director Phil Boyce,
we got the idea from a few stations,
Queer Channel, that we're using it.
How do you like that?
As owner Disney scrambles for bucks to get its sagging stock back up,
WABC is already running up to 20 minutes of commercials and promos each hour,
the most of any New York station, but not by far.
With the amount of commercial inventory and radio now,
why would you want to do more ask Rich Wood,
who syndicates Bob Grant, Dr. Joy Brown,
others for WOR, which doesn't plan to use cash box?
It's rating society,
said you're getting so much clutter,
there's an overall feeling in the industry,
there are audience drop-offs in some formats, maybe,
because of commercial loads.
Yeah, couldn't be here, could it?
Squirt, worked.
Wow, commercial loads.
So, there you go, another way for the money grab.
Like I've told you before,
and I'm the first one to pioneer,
I've told you many, many years ago,
we're not here to entertain you,
to amuse you,
to frustrate you, to aggravate you,
we're just here to get as many spots on as we can.
We don't care really, especially here,
they don't care if I say it,
that's why the phone, it really isn't relevant,
because they don't care if I play music or not,
as long as we get to spots in,
as long as they can keep sucking these people,
just like that bogus golf tournament.
110 grand, and was there one spot,
was there one commercial in return for that?
No.
No.
All these people were promised were mentions
on these fantasy promos,
most of which never ran,
because Sam never got them done.
There's 110 grand,
that's like more than a tenth of a million dollars right there,
and was there one spot run?
No.
They had a sales seminar yesterday,
they had some big shot coming,
some pet talk guy that comes in,
who can't get a job anywhere else,
I or somebody,
tell them how they can squeeze more spots in,
about they can do another million dollars,
if we can just get another 50,000 spots on this month,
they can do another million dollars.
And if Rodgers would just talk a lot faster,
because we know we can do it.
Yeah.
So I'm going to start talking.
It's back.
I got wait.
I got the real idea right here.
Oh, seriously, I got the way to do it.
Just get this on the right pitch.
One moment.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There you go.
Oh, I love it.
What a feeling of euphoria that is,
man.
And of course, for me,
it's a benefit to me.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
I'm going to start talking.
One moment please.
Two moments please.
All right, James.
Basketball.
The Kings traveled to Memphis to take on the Tigers.
Saturday.
Joaquin Sakaki's live on the play-by-clips.
No.
This game will air on 1580 AMWS RF.
Free games start to 230.
A surface of sports radio 560.
QAA.
Today's show is brought to you by the makers of Norman Base Cutlery.
She's a slept Norman Base Cutlery.
She's a slept Norman Base Cutlery.
And now back to our program.
Coming mother.
Excuse me.
Hi.
Can I help you?
Hi, yeah.
I just bought these.
And I'd like to have them get wrapped.
Do you have Christmas wrapping?
Sure.
Two hours over.
You have Christmas wrap.
Two hours.
Thank you very much.
This is Christmas wrapping.
That's right, fool.
Check it out.
Happy holiday, y'all.
We hope, Miss Mary.
Cause you're gonna be both.
Come, January.
I'm taking it out.
I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping.
Go ahead, Dan Chump.
And wrap your own.
It ain't so easy when you're doing that.
Cause we got the right.
We got the ribbon.
And you know we love money more than wrapping.
Give it in.
Oh, I'm going to get it.
We got the wrap.
We got the wrap.
Thank you.
We got the wrap.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
1032 at 560 WQAM 567 O560.
Come on.
Let's do this line check.
I want to make sure all these lines are working.
Otherwise we can get the music going.
No, cause I can't eat today because I got to go get my blood drawn
at three o'clock.
And by the way, Gary, let's get it done right this time.
Okay, Gary.
Over there at Dr. Bob's office,
which I'm giving them one more chance, especially since I already paid for some of this blood work,
which I never got the result from.
Come on, Gary.
Let's get with it.
And stop with those 95-year-old Yankees.
You got to send out the inner waiting room.
Okay.
567 O560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Boston.
Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I work up at RKL and we use a cash machine.
Yeah.
We use it for a rush and Dr. Lloyd extends two minutes an hour.
Two minutes an hour.
Yeah.
Isn't that pathetic?
So we put like 14 minutes of spots an hour.
Oh, and in their case, in those two shows though, it's a public service.
The audience ought to be saying it.
Thank you, letters.
Those shows are the work shows on radio.
Possible.
Right.
And they're now they've extended it with commercials and it's really bad.
It's horrible.
And they won't tell their audience either.
I think the cash machine is a joke.
Yeah.
To be honest with you.
But that's just my opinion.
That's radio pal.
That's the 21st century radio.
How many spots an hour do you have?
400.
400?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, we got something near there.
But it's rough.
I can't stand it personally.
In fact, I'm going to start pushing for about 35 minutes an hour.
I don't have to do too much work here.
Yeah.
Yeah, you play a few bits to play 35 minutes and then what do you got to do?
10 minutes an hour.
You are going to play like five, six minutes a bit an hour.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, go for 10.
Okay.
Okay, sounds good to me.
All right, I'm going to have to do three Williams by the way.
All right, he's dead.
I know.
Okay, we'll see.
There's a guy in RKO.
Oh, they're two in here on the Internet because they want to hear a real radio station.
I'm like theirs, which is a pretty boring.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, Niel.
8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 4, 5, Niel.
Something in there.
I'm talking faster now.
You notice that?
Yeah.
I've done a subliminal number on my stuff.
I'm talking to a guy named Fast.
I can't even figure out what that I'm saying anymore.
That's right.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
It's motor mouth here on a radio.
We're talking about five.
Okay, here's some more spots, by the way.
There you go.
Yeah, let's get some more goddamn spots on here.
God.
Such a grave robbing lunatics, okay?
I mean, how about like maybe raising the rate a little bit.
Anybody ever heard that?
No.
Raise the rate just a little bit instead of insulting the audience, slapping them in the face,
and then wondering why your time spent listening keeps dwindling and dwindling and vanishing.
While people keep yanking it and twisting it in the goddamn dial, too.
Non-stop.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
There's no way that they could fit more spots on the worst team.
I'll tell you that.
How about a Hank show?
Forget about it.
How about those 13-minute breaks?
They could make those into 15-minute breaks now.
Okay, and to clear up all the confusion that I heard yesterday about satellite systems,
I've had a satellite system.
I used to sell the large dishes and the small dishes.
Of course, large dishes are dinosaurs now, and they're no one buys those anymore.
I have a small 18-inch dish, and I got a real crack up about the fellow who called yesterday
who couldn't figure out how to get the local channels for free by giving a fake address.
But you seem to straighten him out on that.
Oh, listen, I mean, I'm not here on the air to be promoting people stealing cable boxes and people lying.
I mean, I understand that everybody in their brother does stuff like that.
But I can't come here on the air and talk about people using illegal cards,
and I can't do that.
What's wrong with these people?
Well, exactly.
A fan that calls me from Lantani yesterday, oh, she's the best thing about cable is you can steal it.
Like, you can't steal satellite signals.
What's wrong with this guy?
Yeah, it's not difficult to...
But I don't want to talk about it.
Okay, well, I just need to tell you that the reception on the New York and...
You can't have to learn to speak faster.
Your call is fine, but you've got to speak faster.
You're working on a regular phone.
You're working on a regular phone.
You're working on an angelist.
That's a little bit.
The channels on ABC, CBS and NBC are extremely clear.
Yeah.
Really phenomenal.
Five dollar pay for new movies, all free.
And every adult channel free.
Right.
NFL ticket, hockey, baseball, basketball, everything.
Okay, every individual number for illegal cards, thanks.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh
zero, zippity, do da But thank God that at least they know their, they at least they know their football
to newspapers here Speaking of the dolphins, our day Joseph talked to Yencil Green
Yeah, there you go There even steal in my materiala from the agencies now in town
That's a sun-fentinyl spot And there's still in my material Speaking of the dolphins,
our day Joseph talked to Yencil Green Yeah, I got your Yencil right over here, sweetheart
How do you like that? That, that, that right there is the definitive spot
for this market That tells you everything you need to know about the level of professionalism in this market
It just got bush leagged, smeared all over it You can, you can smell it
And if you get too close to it, it'll be on your shoes Oh, by the way, better hurry it up
Twenty-one before, numbered at 560wqam
GM Manage talks sports
How are those rags? Right here, on sports radio 560 QAL
50 Hoover at the moment
But critics agree, this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time
I'm doing me another white
Quismas
Just why the one thing used to know
Yes, Candlewax music presents Elmer Fuzz, Christmas Quasit
And this 24-record set is truly incredible
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way
Oh, what fun it is to hide in a one horse open swear
Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics
performed by America's most beloved hunter of wavits
Who's on the way nose-winged here?
Have a very signing nose
And if you ever saw it, you would even say it well
Elmer Fuzz, Christmas Quasics, not available in stores
And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why
Hello everybody, I shall hope you like my Christmas classics
So call toll three, one, eight hundred, but
Oppo-waters are standing by
Santa Claus is coming to town
Did he say wavits? 1045 at 560 WDQA
So anyway, we'll tell you this, this cash box device
Which speeds up gets more squeezes more even in there in spots too
Cash box maker prime image ink is also rolling out a time machine for live television
Which is technically more modest with its time grab about 90 seconds per hour for extra spots
If the device finds widespread acceptance in tv as it no doubt will in radio
You can go to the bank on that
The tv networks will be able to shoehorn more top dollar commercials into popular live broadcast
Like the academy awards by shortening the speeches of presenters and acceptors and sticking in more goddamn spots
Now one thing if you do go out and get the small dish or if you already have one like I've had for several years now
Since they first came out
When you get the packages
Like the the NFL Sunday packages a great example of that
Here you've got let's say at one o'clock
What are there like 14 games a week something like that
So a one o'clock there might be uh
10 games going on maybe four four o'clock games 10 games at one
And they're all there together
They're all like one channel after another on your small dish
And you're flipping from one to another to one there are times
When almost every single one of those games keep in mind that every every sporting event there are invariables
You know i'm saying there are plays that are in complete or guys that get injured
They're all kinds of different reasons for stoppages of play but some magical
For some magical reason you flip from one to another and they're in spots still like almost every game is in the spot at the same time
And in hockey games where they have cut out a commercial timeouts per period but nevertheless any NHL
I mean they do have pre
Pre-determined times during a course of each period when they're going to have a commercial TV timeout
Like when you're sitting in the arena you see those little pink lights come on
But guess what i mean hockey games you you kid the clock doesn't run continuously
There's stoppages of play there's icing there's offside there's fight there's whistles
There's uh guys getting injured all kinds of things but nevertheless you go to your uh hockey package
Maybe there's like four games out at the same time you're flipping your flip and your flip and you're flipping
I guess what they're all in commercial at the same time
It's getting to the point now where there is no more programming there were only commercials
I can't tell you the number of times on a Sunday. I'm sitting there hoping to find a good NFL game
And if I do find one that's entertaining I'll flip on there and uh and uh and they're scratching each other's ass
Interest and around and uh I'm screaming run or play let's eat some action already. Let's eat something
And they run or play and all of a sudden the referee gives you this we arms both out
TV time out again and we go to some more spots
Just what you grave robbers needed and this by the way is another buy and send queer channel
You'll notice are the ones who started this this is another byproduct of what the government has done
The same government. It's all pissed off about Bill Gates and Microsoft
What they've done with the broadcasting industry by letting a few crazy people gobble up air be radio and tv station in america
Because now you won't have any choices you get pissed off because there's too many spots
Well, you'll turn to another channel. It's gonna be owned by the same people anyway
And have to suffer through their spots
The American public is drowning in a sea of spots
That's what broadcasting's all about that's what you grave robbers up there in Washington
They've done at the FCC you're about your lunatics
We can't say tits on a year because then we're gonna get fined and everybody having a wrist breakdown
But if we can run 75 minutes an hour in a 60 minute period of time there'll be the technology soon to be able to do that
In other words here we were taking the same amount of programming are you following this he's got 42 minutes out of the 60 minutes like rush
Program content
And he's still gonna have the same 42 minutes, but it's gonna get squeezed down to 40 minutes so they can run 20 minutes instead of 18 for commercial
You following that and a big fat tub of Laura like him. How is he gonna keep talking without taking a guy to
Look breath like that another infacinic breath a big tub of crap like him
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
Mobile in pompano hey
Everybody talk like this talk like this you can get out there by two. Uh-huh
Right up. Yeah, what they really need to do is take this um cash box and go ahead and put on the marlin's game
And we only have to listen to half the marlin's game that is an excellent idea sir
Of course, they'll be sitting with the marlin's game. You don't have to speed it up for spots because we can't sell any
But at least they speed up the play by play and then you gotta be careful. They don't take your
Modest check to put in the cash box and reduce them to and I think that's where George is right now
And you have a good day back to you sir
God bless you
Pray for us folks pray for us because we're in a hand to grave robbers here all he want to do is run spots
And on this radio station for them to have the hoots but are bringing some jackass consultant Irish vendor whatever
His name was yesterday to have a seminar with the sales department to tell them how they can squeeze more spots on here
I got news for it if they try to squeeze one more spot at this radio station
I think that'll put the audience right over the edge
They won't send them to any other place on the dial it'll send them to like you know CDs because sets
Parts easy majong shuffleboard any other pastime besides sticking their radio on
So you know, and I'm sure that they'll have one of these deals in here in no time at all if somebody else pays for it
If we have to pay for will we get it? No, maybe maybe that's the best thing because obviously it's some kind of a technical
Apparatus some kind of a piece of equipment and that being said no no chance
Because even if we did go out and get it we don't have anybody in engineering to do out or hook it up anyway
Take that to the bank
Take that and stick it up your ass
Oh, George Corso he's on vacation this week, but Julio's running around with some scotch tape and crazy glue
You know that big fat Julio
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 here's a call from NASA. Hello
Hello, you're on
Yes, sir
Speaking
Pretty good sir
And I just want to let you know we love this show yet. Do you? Yeah, you're the best man
Yeah, well, we know that now you've got a lot of people listening in that saw
As what's the population is right so in other words everybody in that so listen to this show
We got about 300,000 people we got about
90,000 that a little bit excellent god bless NASA. I'm gonna pray for all you behingians
We'll play with the cat mix. Okay, we're not cat. We're just gonna set a dead cat instead. How's that all right?
Thank you, sir. Okay, and happy whatever it is happy glacial holidays
Lot of glue over there in the Bahamas aren't there? Yeah
Find like we're griffin 5 6 7 0 5 60 Donald Trump
5 60 on the AT&T line and of course the world of which we're doing pretty good this hour actually on that line
What do we have we had Boston our friend up there WRKO who's trying to find out what real radio show sounds like
And by the way our best regards to Jerry Williams even though he is dead
Well, they just haven't told him yet just like they haven't told him that water stable with the one that stabbed him in the back
877 785 Neil that's our toll free number for the entire universe baby or at least for anybody who can get through on it
877 785 6345
Might actually have a little bit of activity here today. I'm not really sure why course it helps when the phone works
You know what I'm saying it helps when a phone works
When I think of the number of days since I've been working for this bogus horse crap company that I've sat here screaming and yelling and carrying on and
Just chewing the audience a big fat bloody ass
And then coming to find out that we had 8 million people trying to call in but the phone systems all screwed up
It makes me feel pretty good because it killed him good time
No, it's depressing. It's a grotesque and takes years off my life sounds like lawsuit today. Oh Greg it's a lawsuit
Yeah, like that day and you know that he was the instigator him and the one that's no longer in the other room there
And by the way, how about the one that is in the room in here? Is he gonna come back anytime soon? George has got an appearance coming up yesterday
Yeah, George has got a public appearance coming up yesterday and still doesn't know where we're supposed to be
So if you want to go see him it was yesterday
But we might postpone until Saturday at Prime Co but we don't know when and where and what time and who's gonna be there and what's it all about?
Alfie etc and so on
Now is this another Gary Charner deal because that's how you want thing about him. He's an asshole. Yeah
Caused me a genius today. He's got the hoops plan after gets out of this 85 hour seminar there's with this I can't get a job Schmendrick guy
And he calls me home again about the account which I will not no do under any circumstances
I don't care if they're gonna spend a hundred billion dollars on this radio station the answer is still unless I get a billion of it. How do you like that?
See that's the problem of these people. They don't understand my credibility is important to me
I'll sell out like anybody else, but they never offered me enough to sell out. That's the problem
offered me you know like six 700 grand Gary and then I'll say sure no problem. I'll come on here here and do ads for horse crap. I don't care
But at least pay me enough to make it worth my wildest sell out you idiots
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Yeah, yes sir
Happy Hanukkah and back to you
Happy silly holidays
One thing about this um it's you ever notice on TV when you watch a movie um it's compressed the movies on television
They have yeah
Maybe you'll see it more when you're watching TNT or so, but uh why don't I say that? I guess my religion
You know say time can we go? TNT is for glam
Well, it's gonna be interesting when Reagan dies if uh
Russian limbo wants to give him one minute of silence. Uh-huh, then they can do it in 25 seconds now
Yeah, it'd be like okay. That's it. Uh-huh
And
I'm sorry forget what else I was gonna say. That's okay. Okay. Have a great day. Have a good day. Happy circus
5 6 7 we got 20 or 30,000 open lines here right now and I want these lines spoken today
Maybe I want to see some tangible evidence where I'm playing a lot of music today because I'm sick and tired of fighting the goddamn management
I'm fighting the audience. I want to see some activity going on here. You know what I'm saying? Even if it's even if you're faking it
Which mostly you probably are
They're faking it
And by the way, we love you people over to the Bahamas even though you're a bunch of great robbers and you treat the Americans like crap
We love you anyway. Okay more power to you
You pour bastards over there living in poverty and squalor
Now wonder they have to rip off the American tours. Now what are the cab drivers have to charge you
150 bucks to go 10 blocks and they keep taking you around in little circles
That's right. I don't blame them
And by the way, do we have like any uh cab drivers who speak English?
All depending on what now in this town the cab drivers are all either uh
Old Cubans or most of them are like Haitians, aren't they most of the cab drivers in Haitians
I'm not getting to know cab driver with no Haitian
All his baseballs are so in real tight
Oh, and of course in Toronto they're like all the loggerheads or Pakistanis
And I think in Boston too. I think all the time as we take in the cab up there. It's all we have turban head Chicago
Turban Hatties. Yeah. Well, what is that all about?
It's their knees. Why is it that all the turban heads have got the cabs in the convenience stores? What is that all about?
Huh, let's find out today. Okay. Let's find out if we have anybody who runs a convenience store
Who is in the turban head now the guy around the corner up here runs at a little convenience store
They're not turban heads are very nice people. I'm not sure what they are. I think they're like you the
undetermined origin
1056 at 560 W come on speed it up speed it up
The sports leader sports radio 560
Q
a
L
All right, this one goes out to Jeffrey Dahmer
Sorry, you couldn't be here. Very proud of you
Jack not
Rosting on an open fire
uh
Now I'm nibbling on his nose
Thank you very much
My anticipation makes me start to first fire now his
liver pate is on my toes
Everybody knows
Is pinky and his little toe
Oh
I'll just find when eating light
So they flesh and to I
In a bowl will be paws of my snack tonight
Some people say
That I am sick
Because I
Eating human eyeballs on a stick
R
And that one sitting I
I'm gonna try
Do down a torso
leg
And a five
And so I'm taking out my power song
Oh
Dice some heads for human stew
But there's one thing I know I'll never make reservations
for to
Give it up the gays beyond
It was the lotion in the basket exactly 1103 at 560 WQ
We got hank in the building they how do you like that you can take a look at that disgusting floor out there
Roll his pant legs up to his knees and waddle through it
We got the books are six to ten and then we got the capitol and just kind of like the regular unencumbered schedule out there
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line you see the thing about this
Cash box thing it's another slap on the face because what the people in this business are basically saying especially queer channel and the ABC people
They're saying to you is uh your demo that you even knew you were
As if people aren't going to notice that they're running 20 minutes instead of 18 minutes an hour
They're not going to notice that
That are already like peeing in their pants from the long commercial breaks
They're not going to notice that there's another two minutes an hour
Because they've condensed all the other crap
What's going to happen when it condense the other 42 minutes instead of down to 40 minutes down to 30 minutes
And it's like 30 30 you've heard of 2020 at ABC we're going to have 30 30 30 minutes of program content 30 minutes of spots
Here's a mobile in Jupiter hello hello deal. Yes, sir
Hello, yes speak to me
Okay, have a great day. We'll have time to play games. Okay. I don't think he's in Jupiter. I think he's on your ranus
56705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 877785 Neil. That's toll-free for wherever now you are 877785 6345
Mobile in South Palm Beach. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. How are you today Neil? Okay. How long you been on radio long enough long enough?
Long enough. Yeah, I've been listening on and off for a couple of years down here
Sometimes you got some of the programming I was just wondering about you. How long did it in the business? Sometimes what?
How long have you been in the business? Why are you writing a book?
Well, I'm just interested in and know a little bit about who I'm listening to. Why is that what difference does it make? You like the show?
I enjoy the show. Well, I mind your own business
56705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T how long you been in the business? Where did you start? Was it a WCGR in Canada, dig one New York?
A hundred years ago and at any even on the year anymore. Tell us about Albee and Michigan WALM. Anybody want to hear about Albee and Michigan?
Oh, I want WBTA but Tavid New York. Do you want to hear about that? No
Just sit back and enjoy it pal. Okay. Just sit back and relax and don't ask too many goddamn questions. Curiosity killed the scat. Just keep that in mind
Buff up up up up up up up up. What the hell was that that you just had on there? What was that online nine?
Is that a call for Myers or my ISDC me? Hello. Yes good afternoon. Good evening. Whatever it is. You are correct. And when you were saying flipping from one channel to know
I've missed the commercials on
I have flipped from channel to channel. I've got as many as 3. I've flipped it till it's ready to fall off, man
And I just got entirely. Well, I'm making a game of it because I got one time
three commercials. They were all the same commercial. So, now I'm making a game
of it to see what what average I can give maybe up to five or six. Well that
happens all the time in the NFL Sunday package because I guess the agencies
they buy like the you know the different slots in the game so they buy the
first commercial break in each of the games and so sometimes they'll be
took four different games and they're like in various stages of the same
spot. Yeah and it's bad enough we're getting core programming because of the
interruptions and all these commercials. Now we're getting bad commercials over
and over and over again all at the same time. That's all we got is commercial.
There is no entertainment anymore just spots. Well my solution is to do it.
I'd rather watch infomercials. I'd rather watch George Foreman and Aline
mean grilling machine or I'd rather watch Ron Popeel just for a few bad laughs.
At least there's a little entertainment there. Well well exactly and of course
my solution will be those best of neotapes when it gets so bad. Yeah I will say the
funny thing. Nobody listen to that. I'm Thursday and Friday. I asked yesterday for
one person to call in. We had tapes for four hours. Not one person called
this show yesterday to tell me what was on those tapes. Well could I call today
and say I'll listen to them and I love them. Really? Yeah and we have all your neogot
best of tapes that we buy from the for the charity. Right from specs. And the funny
thing I did see was I won a shopping channel the other night. The guy making the
moose that the pops the M&M's out its other end. He couldn't get it to work.
Five minutes it was the laugh of the evening. The moose pops the M&M's out
of the spectrum. Right. And it just wouldn't do it. Couldn't work.
I said that. The moose lives in Tamarack. He would put his finger up there.
It was a little bit sunrise. Okay pal. Have a great day.
Maybe he's just a member of the moose. Five six seven oh five sixty. I wonder if that's
what they call it. Chocolate moose. And pound five sixty on the AT&T line.
They're out of town line getting a little bit of action there today. How do you?
Oh yeah. That's exciting. Eight seven seven seven eight five Neil eight seven
seven sixty. What is I don't know what that number is. It's just if I don't know what
the number is. How do they know what that is? You know what I'm saying? It's not a good number.
First of all eight seven seven is gotta be the worst toll free. I mean eight hundred we know
eight eight eight but eight seven seven. What kind of crap is that? Seven eight five
sixty three forty five. And of course if I say seven eight five Neil they're gonna like go with
a K on a front or with an A or they don't know what that is. Even I'm not sure
so sure how to you know spelt since I made it up. Christ this goddamn radio station man new people
are the biggest bunch of grave robbers I've ever seen in my life. Can't do anything right. They
just don't know. It's not it's not that they don't want to do it. They're just too
eeeh. But it's too cheap to do it right. Call Greg in here. He'll fix the problem. Let's take a
look at the phone. My favorite is when he comes in here and the phone is all screwed up. It could
be almost any day and he'll look at the instrument like he'll give it that like puzzle look like
uh eeeh. Like if he stares at long enough he'll like put a spell on it and all of a sudden it'll
like fix itself and go into spontaneous remission from whatever it's illnesses and it'll fix itself
and start working like a charm. Gives it that evil eye. Or is that just how he looks? Yeah.
Kind of like a retard. Nine minutes my apologies to the retard. Nine minutes after eleven
at five sixty QAM. Kim Bulk effort talks sports weekend right here on sports radio five sixty QAM.
Maconon this is Joe Bolin the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
Hockey Authority Neil God.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Oh
What's the WB
It's a little 15 to 5 50 WQ I am so anyway the latest publicity stunt by Ellis Rubin this sliced alone business
Is you know, when are you people in the media here in town going to catch on okay in about 20 30 years maybe?
All these people that used to work for sliced alone all these people that were so put upon
Because he had his 10 commandments and they had to do this and they had to do that and if they took a dump
It couldn't smell too bad and it said when so but you know what if somebody hires you to do a job and they lay down all these
Come in you know what you say you give them the buff on Google and you go find some other job
Where you go break it with 7 11 or something like that
Who held the gun to their head and forcing to take these jobs in the first place and now they're suing them
They're suing him and he's suing it back for defamation of character
And here's Ellis Rubin sitting on there going shaking his head and taking off those glasses and going unbelievable unbelievable
Unbelievable over and over again quit stealing my material Ellis by the way and you're really getting old and stale okay desperate
desperate
Let's pick it a desperate somebody wasted all our facts people with his direct
Florida International University to host international conference on Torah and science absolute standards in a world of relativity
Oh, yeah, I mean it's actually me the bio of every one of these getch keys all these silly people what kind of direct is this okay?
How many trees did they have to chop down to make the paper so this crazy lunatic and we could send us his crap
I was gonna say crazy you but I'm not even so sure then maybe well who knows what this is oh
Yeah, Rabbi professor Moshe tender like I said crazy you
Stop wasting our facts paper you go and you you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound Fox 60 on the AT&T line and 8 7 7 7 8 5
6 3 4 5 toll free for America baby
8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 what do you say about that Pete Rose huh?
And by the way you can get on the internet today that the website is sportcut.com
You notice he's wearing a hat. I wonder how much he's getting paid for that. What kind of a cut?
He's getting out of that. What is that all about?
Where they're doing the thing the pool on the internet
Should we let Pete back into baseball should we loan them 50 million dollars?
Is he still a compulsive gambler or et cetera and so on?
I mean why I don't even like the guy say get it over with already let him back in these on their whining and crying about how being out of baseball for 10 years
It's cost him so much money
If it's cost him so much money by the way
How come he's always sitting in the track with a stack of a hundred dollar bills sitting on the table losing his ass is what I would like to know
But I still happen to agree with him let him back in and stop being about your hard ass is okay so we can get him out of our hair
Here's a mobile and West Palm hello
Hey, my cable company is direct. Yeah, you know listen
You know I want to get rid of my cable Todd had a cable company
Who's that go ahead? I want to get rid of my cable and I went in looking for a dish yesterday
Well, what's what are you gonna do with that? I don't understand. What does that mean?
You're on Palm Beach. You're not in Datorbroward. You're not in the market. I'm driving now
Right now. I'm in the pump and O'Neal, but where do you live? I'm I'm even cost-pring. Oh, I see okay and
I went in there yesterday, but there's no way of getting rid of my cable
Why not even with it? Well if I have if I hook up one dish to my TV set
What do I do with my other TV sets?
I have notes if I look up the dish all my TV the guy tells me it's gonna be between 250 to 300 hours at five other TV
We have five other TV sets. Well forget it. You're out of luck. You're screwed
See I can't relate. I'm just why I know I'm an old-fashioned guy
I'm one of those people like I said yesterday
I got one big 53 inch attachy TV sitting right there in my living room. I love it
It's beautiful to picture a spectacular. That's it. I got two other sets that never get turned on in the whole house
I got thrown in a bottom of the pool for all I care about there two little crappy sets. I don't use them
Why do you have to have five TV sets?
So those people who have got multiple sets you got multiple problems. That's all I can tell you
Everybody in their brother colony should this show the last two days with stories about why it's not gonna do them any good
You know what tough
Tough I was talking yesterday and I'm saying it again right now for those people who can benefit from this
How do you like that since there's nothing in your goddamn newspapers about it?
Since I'm the only one who figure I guess who figures it's a story and
Since the sports nerds who work on his radio station don't figure it's enough of a story because they don't want you guys to be able to watch all the game
Because then you'll know a hell of a lot more than they do which isn't much
Like our morning show. Do they talk about that they talk about the actual game?
No, they spent half the day the last two days talking about Rimmer all we ran over Rimmer
We put him under the bus. What does that mean? Okay?
That goddamn put Wacken the Robert Grieper who works the overnight shift here and you come in nine o'clock nine thirty in the morning
And he's still hanging around with him morning guys because he wants to sniff your roses of butt crack. I mean come on Robert get a life
And by the way, I have it on very good authority that we're not so sure that Robert is really Jewish because he's not circumcised not that he has
Forskin. He just doesn't have a penis
So you can't really tell if he's Jewish or not
Get with it Robert go home and get some sleep clear your brains out. Okay, sweetheart get a life stop being such a groovy
Little piece of turd
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
The AT&T wireless live. Yeah, yeah, that's him. Yeah, yeah, little lemon little underling. Where did we find this group man?
Josh Friedman who man oh man
Here's surfside hello
Nail yes, sir 40 years and surfside 30 years of dolphin fan. I go to the dolphin gate
You think it's bad watching around TV?
I paid $162 for me and my grandson's it we sit down
So then what are you going for?
You're talking about how boring it is yeah, so then what are you spending?
So what are you spending $162 if it's so boring? Well, you know what?
I'm sick to my I'm an I've been a loyal fan the whole time for the damn dolphins and then we go buy a Coca-Cola
It's $5. Well, let me ask you this. Don't want to just stay home and watch it for free on television. I will never go to a doctor. Okay. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got 1600 open lines here
We only got three hours and 27 minutes to kill the news counting
That's a kind of a good start there this morning, but once again, they're back in their in neutral again
Here's a mobile in Davy hello, hey Nail. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, have you been up privileged to
Sit through this emissions testing line get your car checked. I never had any line
I never waited for more than two or three people. Oh, you have it. I've been here for 30 minutes and that's hilarious
I'm watching these poor guys sit here. They're sticking the thing up there
Yeah, and
There's a second all the gas up
Various these guys are gonna be suing up just imagine how much pollution they're up putting out in the air sitting there with their cars idling
I know hey, what's all your his Neil right here? Hey, say hi to Neil
Hey, right there, he's looking at my hood right now getting ready to stick something on my tail
Oh, is that what you're in there with the air with the inspector guy? Yeah, does he know who I am?
You know who Neil Rogers is
He's the guy is the radio show
Wait a minute. Where's this guy from ask him where he's from hey?
Where you from
He's from Miami working up here in Davy and he doesn't know who Neil Rogers is
That's what he said probably a
Makes sense because if you I've watched him for 30 minutes suck up exhaust you yeah, this guy is he's got to be brain dead right now
Yeah, but I thought that most of the people who suck know who Neil Rogers is
Good luck to pal. Hey, can I call some to do swag? Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 what he didn't say on the air
We don't do that on the air, but he was asking my permission from
So you have go ahead we just want to be burdened by because it's boring honey like that
There's a guy in Miami who probably would enjoy this show who's busy sticking his finger up back to guys
And the lion there the check in their emissions
And he doesn't even know who the hell I am
That's another thing by the way Greg thanks for all the great promotion. Yeah
Thanks for the sandwich board. Thanks for those great billboards you lion sack a crap
God
Maybe when they raise all that money of course we can't say how because it's the quiet period
Yeah, maybe when they raise all that money we're gonna get some promotion no George will get his bonus
No, we'll get to goddamn a project finished out there. No
Just the old man will get his money back
Here's open park hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing pretty good?
Occupation buddy. Excellent. All right
I'm gonna say no wondering
We get the trail squash for
I beg your pardon. I boss sir. Where did I get it? Yes, sir? What do you mean by that?
I never heard of the first look my dictionary never found it you never found it. How are you spelling it?
What do you say it?
How if you look at V no no no no no no no no no no just a minute if you looked it up how you're asking me how I was saying it
Well, I'm breaking down the syllables and I'm trying to you know, how are you spelling it if you're looking at that?
Well, I'm spelling it
F. Yes, good
H. Yeah, P H the F H P H. Uh-huh. Yeah, and
That's like schizophrenia scharzer and they are he and a are a NIG
No, no, huh? No, NIG
F a C O O no NIG
G E R I A
P O R C H
N O N K E Y M O U S C. Thank you, sir
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line with a pH. Well, I guess he's an intellectual you know, he's an intellectual equivalent
Where'd you get that term schwarzer? It's a German word to your schwarz. Don't mess around with it
The make it off for your camera fuse. Okay, even better than the Sicilians
Don't give me the old gas. So cut it out pal. So German word schwarz. It means black
black schwarz
As an Arnold schwarz nigger. Okay, which what kind of a name is that anyway?
See this is another thing if I go on here anybody else is nigger. Oh my god
It's the end word, but here's the guy that's making a fortune Arnold schwarz nigger is what any yeah
That's his thing schwarz nigger. He's laughing at you
He's laughing at the whole world with that crap schwarz nigger, which of course is redundant to begin with but he ain't too smart
Just smart enough to make millions of dollars with no talent and marriage of that bitch with no chin. He's not a tumult. Yeah
Oh, it isn't it looked. I thought it was a chin
She ought to be married to a Chinese guy, but then she could find a chin
26 after 11 and somebody gave Maria the goddamn Chinese phone book or
Just send her over to what tytoni took a curass out. He don't like that kind of white folks either
With no chin always be suspicious of people with no chin, you know, I don't want to make you paranoid
Especially this great holiday time of the year when we all love each other. Oh, and by the way speaking
I love it each other the schwarz or who wouldn't make the left turn on the ives. They're a road this morning. You're a crazy person
He could have turned made 18 wheelies in the middle of the road come back and gone across again
And he's sitting there like looking and looking and we're all honking and he's giving us the
Like that and not driving a b-dope ojolapi driving a probably a pretty nice stolen car
Crazy bastard
Well, I'd say I could do the whole four hours every day just ripping the people who I encountered driving to work every morning
Assholes like the guy in the green van on 595. I'm getting out of the turnpike there in the right end of the lane to go on the turnpike
He's moving out of the extreme right language
He don't belong in the first place and he's cruising across not paying any attention to me
And he's taking his good sweet time until I'm almost run out of room to get that over there
After Hoppy Dolphus football Marlon's baseball now the Miami Hurricanes do sports radio 560 QAM
Holy cow errands coming
For
me
He's
Love a 32 at 560 WQM are masking whoever you are mr.
Mask and stop can look with the faxes, okay enough
From the showlet Balaharber this this
Turned Miami International Conference of the Dreck of Torin sign page after page after page after page
It's a sin don't you understand you crazy old you stop faxing me this crap
The show about harbor their fax number by the way. I wish I had their phone number
So somebody somebody get on a horn with this guy stop stop
You're killing me with this Dreck
Biography here's Joseph Zuskin some lunatic that's gonna come here some getchke that's gonna come in Haka
China with some crazy mumbo with some Jewish mumbo gumbo jumbo not even know Jews eight gumbo the
Showle of Balaharber
Whose fax number is where they all here it is. There's a telephone number 868
1411 that's a 305 because it's in surfside of course, you know what I mean
Somebody's got to call mr. Mask and tell him stop faxing me this crap. We don't care. Okay?
You're wasting your time. You're wasting my fax paper. You're gonna burn on a lake of fire if you don't stop
868
1411 are mask and M.A.S. K.I.N. Gnug stop
Page after page after page why would anybody in his right mind or even in his wrong mind faxed his crap to me
Why would they think that I would care do I care no no and
And as I'm speaking the pace the stuff is
Poor
Look at his crap
Here's the whole schedule the medical ethics morning session
Here's the mental illness session, which I think this guy ought to be attending right now
stop
You crazy bastard you
Here's a mobile impombi chill. Oh, yeah, hi Neil. How are you doing today? Hey sir?
Um, I got the dish and I what I did I know people have been
Complaining about you know, I haven't to buy another receiver for another room
I don't know if anybody's mentioned this that they sell these little transmitters. I bought them there in Walmart
They're like $40 and it works basically like another receiver
I said on top of the television and you you can use your remote from any room and it works up to 300 feet
The only thing is you can't watch multiple channels. In other words, if you're right whatever you watch in one room
You have to watch you the other way but you're missing you're missing the point these are people who evidently have got a bunch of either
Teenagers or pin the eighth little kids or not only are their mother-of-the-law
Jammed into a broom closet somewhere with the TV set and they want to watch like a half-it-off and different things at the same time
Which is not not practical for the dish right because you have a separate receiver for each TV set
Yeah, well, what I did I got the big screen so I moved the 20th of an inch into the bedroom
I just bought those little trans or they were great
But like you say if you want to watch multiple program you're screwed
I see I would like to start out just with regular pedestrian old-fashioned people that have one primary TV set in the house that they watch 98% of the time like I do and then
worry about the other stuff later on you know
Looking for themself
Have a good day, Neil. Thanks. Have a bye. Okay, 16,000 open lines here. This is it. This is D-Day baby five six seven oh five sixty
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line and the out of town line dead as a door nail eight seven seven
seven eight five Neil eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, I know yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay
Just calling to give you a little information that I'm sort of just figured out. I was looking at your eight seven seven
Never to make a little easier people to remember
You look at the seven eight five part
All of the S U C K. Yeah, we know
Yeah, and make it so much easier remember. Uh-huh. That's it. Well, they don't know how to spell it though. Yeah. Well, they know how to do it
They just know how to spell it. Well, here in Miami. That's the way they spell it. Okay. Have a great day. Thanks for the good news. Oh
God. Okay. Here's our last call. Here's North Miami. Hello
North Miami hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're our last call today. I'm sorry to hear that
Just point of information. I remember seeing an interview with Arnold a while back. Schwarz nigger. Yes. Yes
The man's to what was his literal translation of his last name? Uh-huh. He's black plowman
No, figure no, it doesn't that's what he said. That's what he said. He's now. What's he gonna do come on here and say my last name is a black nigger
That's what it is. Sparse nigger. That's what he does. It's a put on it say put down is what it is. He's putting them out. I love it
He's putting the black folks out. They'll do it. They're doing it themselves anyway. Okay. I'm gonna say yeah
Schwarz nigger. That's what he's saying. And everybody's saying oh yeah, that sounds like a reasonable name. At least I make up a name
Near Rogers. Okay. That's inoffensive. That's easy enough
But Schwarz nigger. What the hell is that?
That's like old kite bastard or something like that. Yeah, my name is Eddie old kite bastard
The hell is that?
Here's a mobile in the gable. Hello
Come on, Neil. Uh-uh. My solution to the uh
multiple receivers from the satellites. Yeah, we went to
the brand's mark and happened to have a special where you buy the top of one Sony and actually gave you a second receiver free
uh, which what actually in the price are so good or better than
better than uh, just buying a single receiver for my normal store. Right. And two should be good enough
I mean people that have got three and five and fifteen tv sets. I can't be worried about them. Okay, screw them. Exactly
That's what I said. Two was enough and I just ran one of the cables doubled into uh, my bedroom
You have three three TVs with two receivers. So perfect. Excellent. Nice job sir. I think there's a guy with no problems. Okay. He likes it
He likes it. See, like I said, I don't know if I got an interesting yesterday
I thought I was doing such a great service for the audience
There's like 50 of us that I got the small dish and the rest of the people. Oh, they love their cable
Okay, great. I hope you have a great life with them. Okay, the cable sucks, but if you love them
I hope you're alone with them have a wonderful life
Here I'm trying to do something nice for people trying especially at the holiday time of the year
We finally get a break. We catch a tremendous break
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 22 till noon of Qion
I want to bang in the butt
No, just in time for the holidays. The record author you've always feared
It's Christmas with cowboy dick. Oh, there's no
Down on death row just that warm
Terego
About parking
cowboy dick Christmas hitlist includes countless songs you'd love to forget
What's like a strange jacket Christmas for me
When I'm granted car crazy TNC
You'll barely tolerate these tunes from the Umbrei
Who sold fewer records than the Calcio
But the Franco family and Bobby Goldsboro
Christmas travesties like the fuel truck song
Well, that's no
Coming down
Mid-I view trucks spin around
There's music for the kids
There's nothing like the El Snow Coe when you're only five years old
So take a little joy out of your holidays
Call now for cowboy dick Christmas hitlist
Let's say I'll board it with the X in your expert
17th hill note at 5.60 W to Q.I. By the way, my watch died
According to three this morning
And that was an omen look at that phone right now
Do we have a call on the board? No, no, that was an omen
I should have just ruled over and gone
But it was 6.15 in the morning, but my watch said
According to three now ordinarily that might not you know shake the hell out of anybody
But it's a psycho kinetic titanium watch that's supposed to last for a lifetime
It's one of those that it puts the emotion in you
Whatever that thing is
Yeah
And with the motion of your wrist of your limperist
That's what keeps me winding the watch
And supposed to last for a while
Had this for about three years or so
It's a great watch probably the best watch I ever had
It died
I reset it right at the moment it's only about two, three minutes slow
And it kind of like skips along a couple of seconds
Here a couple of seconds there
It's like sealed her medically
You could stick this in a bathtub for five years
And it still would be as dry as a bone
And actually there'd been an omen to me man
When a watch stopped at the time has stood still here in this town
Here's our only call that it's from Orlando and it's on the wrong line too
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I love you Neil
Yeah I miss you
I get around four miles
I miss the days when people used to call this show you know
Really?
You bet that
It's you're the only call I got
I've got 400 lines here and they're all actually working today
And you're my only caller
And you know the thing that's the thing
No need to get the crap here anymore
I drove from Tampa to four miles so I could get one of your CDs when I was working over there
I really liked that
And I really enjoyed and I was about two weeks ago I was down there
And I heard something about these key chains
Are there any of those left?
Yeah I'm going to deal with those eight million of them left
Oh there are
Yeah
Who do I have to call center one?
Right
You have to call center one or you can order it off our website
NeilRodges.com if you have to be there
Oh it's on the website
And you'll learn it's.com
I'll do that sir
I'll have you
I have two real quick quick requests
Anything you want that'll kill some time
Because it's not that these people are through speaking to me
Yeah no seriously
This audience is through speaking to me
It's beginning worse and worse and worse
And like the last five or six weeks it's like there's a message there you know
Well I heard it
You don't want to speak to me
For them I'm going to show up every day
I'll take the checks
I need the money
Okay
I'm just going to keep showing up
What they want to call or not
Neil I've been listening to you since I went to Merrimart High School Horticulture
There are people been listening to me
And in this town since they were five years old and they're over a hundred now
And this is this is what they are man they're brutal they're impossible
I can't believe it I mean you're you're God
I mean how could people be that distributed
They have nothing to say
They have nothing to say
And then when they do have something to say it's a pile of crap
Anyway like yesterday with all the misinformation
And all the belly aching about well they can't get the East feed and the West feed this
That's what I say
Feed this
All right well my request is uh is big black guy name Ben
Okay
And and maybe two joints
Or maybe you're three
Okay, okay pal. Thanks Neil have a good day. God bless you man
You too. There's a guy in Orlando. He care he misses me. He cares enough about me
These people in Dayton, Broward you're the problem
They're the goddamn Chigra in the wood pile
You're the sparks Chigra in the wood pile
Is that his name Arnold Sparks Chigra?
Kind of a name is that sparks nigger
Who the hell are you kidding on old hot you moron
You goddamn steroid ridden piece of turd
Would have silly little bitchy wife that the so famous because she's wanted to Kennedy
That's right Maria Schriver Kennedy
That's what I say to you Maria, okay you silly little
Chinnolous bitch. I hear she plays a mean chin ball though. That's what I hear
Come on. Let's get every line on this board lit up here to make Neil feel a little bit better about life
You miserable heartless bastards. God it's getting worse and worse. I didn't need well. I used to leave here every day at two o'clock
You know who cares?
Used to walk out the door even even working for these people you'd walk out the door too and you just say
I'll take the money to get that sit
Now I walk out of here and I'm talking to myself. I noticed George the last six months. He sits in there. He talks to himself
Most seriously there are times I think he's talking to somebody on the phone
And then I look and I realize that the people on the phone are all on hold or there's nobody on the phone
He's talking to himself. Am I right? What just that exactly? He's sitting in there. He don't have time to hear what I'm saying
He's talking to himself
Because that's what this audience will make you do
How do I end seven doing by the way?
See there's one that's not lit up and it's working too
I'm not moving an inch until that goddamn line rings until somebody is not holding that line
That's how say and look at that as soon as I mention that somebody else drops off
That's my message to you. Okay, whoever just dropped off on two
I hope a goddamn mech truck runs your ass right off the road in the next 30 seconds or less
5 6 7 0 5 see this is what it's come to
Can't even get nine stinging even on a day when they work
I take back what I said before okay
It really doesn't make any difference whether our phone lines working up because we don't have any callers anyway
The art of those don't that's past say it's old it's old hat
They want somebody to come in here who's gonna get up on the table do an old soft you like they do it the at macaroni grill
They want some old Jew to come in here and do a goddamn soft you on the table
That's right get up on a counter my beer feet into a goddamn old soft you or hard you hard you
God
That's what they want
Passive that's that's the American F&W baby passive entertain me put on an act for me make me at that tickle my belly
Make me laugh stick your finger in my record my temperature, you know
Stuff like that and you know what I say no
And look at that line. It just dropped up
Just dropped down as soon as I had online lines, but I just just momentarily there line eight dropped out
That's you two okay
I hope I hope that your conditions wind up turning turning this toe jam
Yeah, I hope I hope he winds up with God damn coke bottle of stuff in his pizza
Like I did yesterday. Oh sorry Brad. That was delicious. It was great. But I had like a little
Little bottle cap in there one of those slices of pizza
Ha, huh
That's right. You know something I'm gonna go out right now. We got all the lines lit up, but I'm not gonna talk
I'm gonna go right now in my beer feet out in the hall
I'm gonna slip and fall on that mess on that schmutz. They got out there in the hallway soon for about 10 million
See ya
Of course over the cane of four five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello
Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir
Uh, you always do a pretty good job of taking my tummy. Do I?
Yeah, I don't have a whole lot of the same but I was kind of I'm sorry very funny. That really isn't Arnold's last name, huh?
Oh, yeah, sure
Do you know if you know anybody whose last name is nigger?
I think it's great. That's funny, but isn't it a little redundant black nigger? I mean isn't that like repetitious?
Not only that you're insulting
Yeah, that's very repetitious
I never even I never never even occurred to me until I just heard you say it about five minutes ago
Like france watch sheet frog, you know, I mean it's a little repetitious
All right, well anyway, I didn't have much of status one to call you in
Let me know you'll better pal. You think we have we have a lot of people that are out here listening
We don't always call but we're listening okay pal. Head to row head row. See ya boy boy
five six seven oh five oh five sixty
five five sixty on the AT&T we got to retrain this audience God damn it
Whatever we got left of it the research shows we got oh that's right this the
Trend comes out tomorrow that'll be that'll be the last stake in the heart just like when they stuck Dracula through the you think
Tomorrow be the last stake in our hearts on this show we want to see I bet you that we're down to about the two share
Which ought to be good because then we won't be able to sell all those spots
We're probably like one three or four minutes an hour and then we'll have time to beg for calls more
Look at that one open line there on three. I'm not taking a call unless every line is lit. That's that's the new deal on this show
I want to see every goddamn. I want to see those lines foaming like you mean it like you mean it like the old days
I want to see people who are willing to hang on more than like for 40 seconds like an IOD when we worked on a real radio station
Where we had real talk shows on and not just a bunch of sports there's what's the odds on a heat game tonight the papers got the line wrong
What's the odds before
So
Jesus Christ
They like guys like that on weekdays. They're letting them out walking around on the loose. What's the spread of the goddamn heat game spread this pal
rectum
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil
Speaking how you doing first time long time. All right. Like to talk to you about the lovely city of Amsterdam. Yes
Just got back in town
Monday
Was there for Thanksgiving a couple of days and went to London. Oh, how sad. I was looking for you there
I was asking where's Neil at because I someone that told me that you were there I believe last week. Mm-hmm
Yeah, but I didn't see it. No. I was in hiding. You were in hiding. I was busy. I was real busy all week busy in the in the coffee shop
No, no elsewhere. Oh, yeah real busy with it with the casinos, huh? Yeah, that's it. That's a beautiful thing
Isn't it yeah, so how come how come uh, you know that Amsterdam is has such liberal laws with things
Oh, all right. Let's hear it for him. All right. Yeah, he says F the American way that's what he said when I played
That's the American yeah, he can well F the American way that's the right attitude pal
That's what I say F the American way let's get there a lot of here baby
Let's go to a place where a men are men and women are thinking about them. Okay
God damn police state all you fascist out there with your little uniforms and your little tiny penis even a women cops out there with a little tiny penis
Who you kidding
Sitting under the god damn bushes waving their little radar gun. Oh, they're really doing a job. They're protecting the public
What am I gonna do about my dead watch by the way? I get a call about my watch about my talk kinetic track
This watch is the most alive forever
Read Bond
Wake up at 6.15 in the morning my watch is accorded to three my lifetime kinetic watch my and you know something people who spend a lot of my I think this watch was about 300 something like that 350
That's a lot that's enough money to pay for a good watch people that buy like a Rolex
For 10 grand you know what you say about those people there's one word well there's several words but plastic
plastic assholes
materialistic
desperate plastic assholes with little teeny tiny egos and even smaller penises who want everywhere to think they're a big shot
Why do you why does anybody need a ten thousand dollar watch?
You know something you could have a Mickey Mouse watch and if it's two fifteen on a Mickey Mouse watch
It still says two fifteen on a ten thousand dollar Rolex. How do you like them apples huh?
Yeah, but not after five years you might lose 30 seconds it might it reset your Mickey Mouse watch
I think I got a Mickey Mouse watch
Piece of crap and I and I thought this was the greatest watch I ever had
Our psycho titanium kinetic for netic watch
Here's four Myers hello
Hey, good afternoon. Yes, sir. Neil God speaking. We we love you here
Four Myers. I'm the only guy then thing you got going over there in four Myers
What I'm gonna tell you right now we'd want you to go with gasket. Yeah, we love you every day
Don't blow your gasket right in the net too or know you about yeah, and don't give up that that's on the bitches
Call you up, and this is a message to selfish for to get off your ass and call Neil God
Okay, you have wonderful day. Bye. Calm down. Okay. Calm down. Put it away
They're dangerous so that they're in a west coast. I tell you they were getting real nervous
See over here. They don't care because I'm old news
But over there in a west coast four Myers and where they're very very repressed even more said than over here
For the instead of that religious programming on their eight million hours a day on a horseball station
We got over there or the a diesel you think
Oh, don't take them away again. That's the only it's the only voice anything that we got even voice of a sanity insanity
We don't care. It's all we got
You
Got it pal
Long as I'm around you'll have a voice in Fort Myers forget about these people over here because like I said
I've been on here to god damn long. I'm old news. I'm old hat
I'm like a comfortable old shoe, but of course an old shoe you stuff it over in the corner and the dog starts to
On it. That's me
To on this
What's that out of town number? I'm glad you asked Neil give it fast because we got a lot of spots to get in here
877
785
6345
877 suck Neil
Well, that's what it is and the guy is right. I'm very proud of him that he figured that out
That's somebody else picked that too by the way. I didn't pick that up. Hello. It sounds interesting
Hi, this is Bill's effort
Go to www.2am.com for all the latest dolphins information
You're welcome. We great price you're gonna beat the broadcasts 4th radio 5th signal in WAM
Car theft is on the rocks in America a car is stolen at 312 seconds
What can you do to protect your car and expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car
But a big black guy named Ben can get away from the car
Or less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club
You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile
Get away from the car mother
It's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out
And he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben
It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just
You get away from the car mother
That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with
It got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made
My neighborhood isn't that great. There have been a lot of car theft. I can't tell you how many times
I've heard you get away from the car mother
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's me sleep better as I
Calm now one 800 one big guy. That's one 800 one VIG
GUI and instead of hearing this
You'll hear this get away from the car mother
202 at 560 WQM by the way objective fourth ever tells you he's Jewish again. Just go
He's definitely a boy. He is. I mean, what is that resturante?
Huh, what is that?
With a nice Italian first name and it's like a resturante with an eye
What is that the B-fold only a guy would say that
I'll tell you one thing. I'm going on a fast until I get all these lines lit up. Oh, they are
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes. How are you? Okay. What's up with center one?
Meaning I ordered two key chains. They charged my credit card November 1st and I still haven't received it
I
Call my credit company yesterday and told them to take that out to like get the key chain
And I've left 12 messages at center one and nobody calls me back. How do you like that? It's bogus
I just I don't know what to say. I mean, this is the position that they lead me in and of course
Norma Kent my good friend and attorney who sits on the border directors mr. Big Shotwood center one
I had another conversation with him about yesterday all while they're having a meeting five o'clock tomorrow
Meanwhile today is the first of December they got a lousy 60 grand we've raised this year
We did a hundred and fifty grand last year
Because Carol and a couple of other people over there that got their finger on each other. Right, go whatever they're doing over there
I'm doing the best I can exactly I can only fight the world for so long
You know what I'm saying? These key chains if we had them in all the goddamn spec stories like we ought to and a bunch of other locations
We could raise a hundred grand just on the goddamn key chain
I want to spec some about the your tape and the
Unus to these
And of course the key chains are the kind of thing where you'll sell a million more if people could go and look at it
You know what I'm saying it's right those things you have to have your hands on it to buy it all right
You know give him help good luck. We know bye. There you go. Let's kill ourselves come on
You're first I'll watch in the label. Yeah
There's another one. Let's see. No, remember fourth. She said today's only December 1st. It's only a month later
Come on Carol get off your ass. Okay. Stop with the excuses Carol
We hate you like poison and by the way, we know you post for a picture with OJ
bitch
Yeah, that's right bitch
In fact, I'll go a step beyond that. That's fucking bitch. There you go. Thanks Lee
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 here. You're trying to do a job
You got to look radio station with an F-Dub Golf tournament with the OJ crap you got raw
Picking his finger in it. Scrant stick in her goddamn big nose in it. You got Greg Reed sticking his finger in it
Making guttable sounds go right under on telling the media. Oh, somebody money went to OJ related expenses and by the way
By the way, not only do I have to fight that but I'm looking on the list that Carol facts me on Monday morning of the revenues
We've taken in for center one this year so far
6645 as the end of last week
Plus the question mark for two weeks ago specs which I don't understand
Do I see the $2,500 from that golf tournament on his list? No anywhere. No
Now you don't mean to tell me that they still haven't paid them the $2,500 for the golf tournament. I don't see it on this list here
I don't see it on a list. It was supposed to be like 30 to 45 days after the tournament
Which was September 24 and here it is like October and over two months plus later
And last time I checked two months and 60 some days 60 or 61
So you know here. I'm sitting in the middle. I got to fight everybody. I got to fight the audience
I got to fight Carol. I got to fight the the engineers here who are non-existent
I got to fight Greg Reed who of course has got bigger fish to fry
He's got more important things like ball games to worry about than it's top-rated show there in the mid-day
Like getting a real guy then phone system which by the way it works today
Work
First day and months that it's worked
In my right
This is the first day in recent memory that I mean it completely worked like like no glitches so far
So far
Here's candle hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I love your show. I listen to you a lot
And I probably am entitled to food stamps because I listen to what I'm driving and I don't have a cell you have a phone
Okay, but I
On your satellite dish I bought direct TV. I installed it myself almost a year ago. Uh-huh. Love it
I have I have four TVs. I have three receivers for
Two TVs on one receiver and they're close together and not a problem
Right, but I have a question and I don't know if you know the answer to it like to go when we get local
Channel, um on it. Well
It won't be something like 69 and 33
Not in the beginning at the beginning you'll only get the ABC NBC CBS and Fox just those four four six seven and ten
Well, wait you say in the beginning. Do you think they'll
Yeah, well the law is that by the year 2002 which is two years down a row
But by 2002 they have to have every channel on in the market any markets that they're carrying any channels
So I'm assuming that it's going to be a progressive thing over the period of time they'll be adding more more local channels
Oh great because I I live in Kendall and a really signal on an antenna is terrible
Who wants to see that no the heat and the moon oh like I said yeah, who wants to see it right? I eat for no
Especially my own I get
Okay pal hang in there. Yeah, right okay
There's a guy that actually knows something about the small dish go out to the store right now buy a small dish
Get it for your neighbor for the guy they have holidays for Christ's
Stop being such a bunch of stone age monkeys out there. Will you please
Try to turn people on to something great something with a fantastic look at what this we got right here
Oh god, it's instinct get it off oh
We got the mic just spun around like Linda Blair's head it did all by itself
Because instinct was on there
That must be one of Gary Sarner's accounts and that instinct
Was it stool
Pigeon here's candle hello
Anything you know how to go okay. I got a couple quick things and I want to change gears for a second
Yes, sir that lady with teaching Paul Kulkowski, huh? I ordered the same thing off the internet. I got mine like two weeks later
Oh, how do you like them by the way? Oh, it's great
He does everybody everybody who whatever see one of these would want at least to have to doesn't immediately but the problem is we just can't get him into a you know
I knew a place. I know
I'll tell you what you need to do about the $2,500 call OJ and ask him right to check his enter one
Uh-huh. Got the money and I think they got about as much chance you're getting it from him as they do from these people
And this is like my first day off in a couple of weeks where I get to call you God bless you go there
I had Barry Jackson harassing the first team in the number
Well, I said I have an email about it. I told him to grow up. Yeah, he sends me an email back saying everything you guys say is a lie
And I should be ashamed of myself leaving it
All right, maybe something new to rip on us. Okay. Thanks for the good news pal. Take care. Have a great life. Okay. Barry Jack
Ask he's an asshole. Yeah, we're making it up very right
I listened to the enter one call Joe handed me the phone that morning and there was very on it
It was 155 minutes. I said that so I have to say goodbye
Yeah, we just made it up Barry you simple then you little fat pudwack and turd
God
The epitome of this town
epitome
Just like that thing that spot we got for uh the Sun Sentinel
The greatest in history where she says he's eating up the dolphins our day joseph talked to Yentel green
Yentel green ladies in gentlemen
Oh
Speaking of the dolphins our day joseph talked to Yentel green
10 minutes past noon at 5.50 WQ way
Head cap with notes to score
Starting in pants of a last team end
Weaknight only a 43550 Q-A-A
Hi Luis Miguel play it, baby
Randolph the brown nose reindeer
Always wound up last day
That's how he got up around nose
Following to close behind
All of the other reindeer
Love to make him come back to me
They all would stop abruptly
And one of them would cut the cheese
Whoo one day Randolph got better
He said this just stinks
Find yourself a new couple
Gave them all a Christmas goo
Santa and all the reindeer
They began to shout and please
Randolph the brown nose reindeer
You should drive on technology
Okay 1215 at 5.50 WQ I'm thanks to my good close friend Tracy Neely who sends me a Luis Miguel Nata is equal
CD opener
I don't think I ever even saw CD opener before or you got one okay mr. Hatch on I never so thank you so much Tracy and especially for my
CD you know the one I'm talking about
You know the one I'm talking about the Enrique wonder
No, not the Enrique one
Oh the uh what you call it the schmelcy one
Yeah, what you call Bravo Wall stars now very I love cared for George's memories coming back a little bit
Bravo Wall stars one of the great records in instrument kind not as good as this other one though
Are they playing West uh life on power 96 yet? No see kid Cory if you want to have another great discovery
I can give you what's gonna be the biggest record in the history of the human race
But they don't want to play yet because the kid Cory hadn't discovered it yet
Every time I give them another record just like that Bravo Wall stars they put it on power. Oh here's another kid Cory discovery
John gives them all that European music you know they find all this great stuff that's gigantic all over the like for example
Yo listen up here's the story
For example
A lot of little guys
And the 50th
And the blue world
The biggest world in the world today
And all night and everything he sees is your school
Like him inside and outside blue his house with the blue
Window and a blue corn rest and everything is blue for him and himself and everybody around
He ain't got nobody
Biggest record in the world are they playing that in power. No, of course. It's no easy beat
I
I forgot about my book. Oh look at that. What did I just do? Oh I ripped my finger
I ripped my thumb wide open on that CD opener that thing is sharp
Yeah, don't put your finger in it
What's it look at that? I just there's a razor blade in there. There is yeah
How does it open the CD
Jesus Christ Tracy my thumb is like a slitting two spots
Would you like an adhesive bandit? No, I would not
I'm just gonna sit here and suck it and my thumb too
Oh, so it's a slid wide open. What kind of look at it? Look at the blood all of my hand here
Mother I'm bleeding over here you crazy bitch
That freaking Tracy and he what's wrong with her?
Sentiment a sharp object. Don't you know they don't trust me especially during the show with sharp objects
You crazy woman
Look at that the blood is just pouring. I got two. Yeah, look at that stop. No
Let's get out of here. You got them on the floor. Yeah, that's Tracy. She's got a great sense of humor. She'll leave you in stitches
bitch
There's a razor blade in this thing
Yeah, of course you can't see it and you can't put yourself on it unless you really try
Well, I tried
God damn that hurts. It's like a paper cut
Only two of them right there on the end of my thumb god you crazy person Tracy bitch
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello
Finally done. I'm bleeding over here. Take a might. Oh you'll be all right. Okay
Anyway, um, I don't know if you touched on this issue at all, but uh seems I look in the paper, you know this kid from Cuba
Okay, more five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Not talking about Cuba. I'm not talking about Castro
I'm not talking about little kid. I'm not talking about both people who drowned didn't drown
Betty wants to back. I'm not talking about it. We are drowning in a sea of Cuban Dreck
Okay, and I am one person who is maybe I'm the only one in this town. I will resist it. I will resist
I'm sick of it. I've had 20 goddamn years of this crap
Every time somebody starts over there you gotta have a whole big song to dance in this community. You worry about it
Okay, I'm not gonna worry about it. I'm gonna worry about American people
I'm gonna worry about what I see if they find those the person who shot and kill those three kids
Hollywood. That's what we ought to be worried about
Cuba Cuba Cuba Cuba Cuba and stick it up your ass. Okay. Take Israel and stick it up your ass
Take all those places
Now the civilized places like Holland
The Netherlands like the kids is before you know FD American way. See that's what happens to people when they go to a place that civilized
Where you really have freedom and where people know how to have a good time and where everybody's got a big smile on their
Pulse
They say FD American way man. It sucks and he's right
Okay starting to slack off on his phones pretty bad now
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's 7 oil hello
Jesus Jentel and Joseph. Yes, sir. That's uh that's human thing. That's the big news over here too over
The dolphins our day Joseph talked to Jentel green. Yeah, there you go
Jentel green. That's classic. Oh, it is they got you jumping up and down like a like a Mexican jumping bean over there
No, they did till I sliced my thumb off. Yeah, you're psychotic these days. Uh-huh. Hey, uh, you need to get back with uh
What was that? S U N used to be on over here? No, thanks with fat blob. No, thanks. We still got that fat
Yeah, good, but uh better you than us. We got uh, we got fill after that now, right? You guys got fill over there? Yeah, have you?
My head is good as ever. Uh-huh. That's outstanding stuff
Sorry, what?
I mean I came to be a born you were uh, you know like no, but why are you a little disappointed every time?
No, I'm not at all, but every time somebody calls from over there
We got to hear about Bob Lassier
Isn't there more in your life than radio people? I mean, isn't there something more than that? No, that's right
You're in there some of the life I forgot hey come on now. Well there is there is
But you know I'm talking to a radio person. I but I don't see that's the thing on my life doesn't revolve around radio
This is a job. This is a job. Do I listen to the radio when I'm out of here? No, no
All right, well you caught me a lesson. There you go have a nice life and back to you
Geez don't you just need your life revolve around radio? No, but what am I gonna listen to? What's the point?
I need to hear Margaret again. No, I really don't
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and toll free 877 suck Neil
Right that's as you can
Well, that's it. That's it. That's the only way I can get it across the guy was right
Suck this with a K. Jesus Christ. Look at that thumb. I could squeeze you again a little a whole bunch of blood draw out and roll out of it
Get you also iconic would you like some mature crumb? I would not like mature crumb you little pussy
It's not I've already looked it and sucked it in the
Dittled with it and my thumb too, okay? I don't have any I just like say mature
No, I would not like to tinct you a mature mccure a crumb or a
Merleena mcure or whatever the whole day was. I don't want that crap maybe tincture of iodine
Maybe just get some shellfish in here, okay? That's good. That's got a lot of iodine and just smear my hand with it with a shrimp
Dress smear my thumb on it
Here's Voka hello
Voka
Is gone. Oh, you still there. Hello. How you doing now? Okay, sir? Hey
That's against big black then but from my money
Older was carrying ice and there's a much more effective test to turn the device
This is my part of time. Uh-huh. Anyway, we were talking about
My mom's a cop and
She's out there been brown beaten for 10 years on the job
She's been browned over for 10 years. No, she's been brown beaten. Oh, I see
She's been red now. She's you know, higher than bushes. Mm-hmm. She does real bullets
We're concerned she actually cares about a job and people
And the powers that be the ones that sit in the donut shops, right so called superiors. Mm-hmm. It's not a good weather for 10 years
And she's going for a retirement now. I got an under internal investigation
Internal investigation for what? Because for not brown nosing enough. Yeah, okay?
I don't want to
Good luck to worry coast to show you better to keep your nose in the right place. I don't
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here. Sandy. Ago. Hello
Hello, when is this hey? How you doing? Neil pretty good sir. Good. I listened to your show on the internet out in California every day
All right. Got a couple things. I want to discuss with you go ahead
How to curiosity Neil up? Do you know how many people listen on the internet as opposed to people down in Florida?
Do you have any clue because six are me six come on? We have 10 people listening in Florida six on the internet
No, come on seriously. Do you really know our goal is or no? How can you tell?
Because there's no way of telling because there's like 10,000 stations on the internet
But your show is the only thing it's unique and exciting right and so the other stuff is all like the same little same little crap right?
It's the same now you're here on the radio
The other thing I was going to mention is I used to live in South Florida
So I was a fan of yours years years ago and I live back there
But I moved out of Boka and now I live in San Diego and
I just wanted to tell you if you ever get tired of all the Yentos and all that people
Crutching and in Florida and all this Florida mentality that you talk about
Come out to California. It's a lot nicer people
I'm in the California. I've never been to San Diego though. San Diego is a beautiful city
It's yeah, it's nice weather. We don't have the humidity. We don't have to have air conditioning in the summertime
It's not like public when you go to the supermarket here. They smile. They don't it don't push the card in you and crutch at you everywhere you go
And it's it's a really nice place. No, I'm moving to Amsterdam in about a week. I think is what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna get there a lot of this police thing. Well, I don't blame you. I've been there years ago and
Amsterdam is great. Just don't let all your money go up and smoke if you know what I mean. No
Hey, keep up the good work. Thanks. I love your show. Okay. Thanks. Bye-bye. Don't smoke it pal. Sorry
Don't smoke cigarettes either, but I'm getting sick and terribly. He's goddamn
Crazy-carry nation people. Oh, here you go. Where's that article?
Oh, and by the way, uh, can you believe that Greg Kotex actually while I was away
He must have done because he knew I was on vacation had a good article. Let's hear it for Greg Kotex
Which my perverted friend Keith Smith sent me in the mail
This is from Friday, November 26th
Who said the NFL is a democracy rights Greg Kotex
And he's got a whole little blurb in here about Mark Carrier and Lee Roy Horde and Lauren Phillips who got cut from the 49ers by the way for that old asshole out there
And Charles Woodson and the Bronco fans in Leonard Little and Ray Karuth the course who uh and all other the good stuff nice
Go on there Greg Kotex. Of course. I said all that stuff years ago
Just like the guys who wrote that great book pros and cons that I've been touting on this radio station
But unfortunately most of the jocks differs on the station won't talk about because it's bad for business
Bad for business to tell the truth
It's just like religion same thing with sports which is a religion to some of these nerds
It's bad to tell the truth. It's bad for business
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 12 26 and Q8. Oh a lunso you're so big
I
Hey
I'm flying like a Kennedy.
Good day to you guys.
And I stick to hovering into the dream.
I use a math every way.
Oh, is it?
I'm flying like a Giddy-Giddy.
Everybody hold your breath.
Here we go.
Say hello!
That will be the voice of the FBI.
I've also been calling the FBI here today to announce the conclusion that the investigation of the event there crashed.
That is not what happened.
Nothing at all.
By the way, we know that they're not saying that they're going to spend all that money to bring up a whole bunch of crap to remain.
Because we don't want to piss off the Egyptians, but even after they bring it all up they said we already know what happened because we heard the voice recorder.
But we just got to do it to make it look good.
So let's spend millions and millions and millions of somebody's dollars to bring all the remains up from out there and piece it all back together again and try to put the thing back together again.
All the King's horses and all the King's men and a Humpty Dumping and the Plain and all that crap.
And in the meantime, we already know what will happen.
But we don't want to piss off the Egyptians.
We don't want to ruffle their feathers.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in highly a garden. Hello?
Hi, Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm not from here. So I only get to listen to you in the winter time.
I'll be damned.
So, me and my boyfriend are down here working. We enjoy listening to your show every day.
Great.
So, where are you from?
We're from Portland, Oregon.
Oh, Portland. You come all the way down here?
Yep.
So, highly a garden?
Yeah, can you believe that?
You can do what?
We raise greyhounds.
Oh.
So, I got 50 greyhounds that I get to take care of.
You're not gassing any of the ones that are kind of slower, are you?
Oh, no. They get to have homes or pets.
I have one.
I'm serious.
I believe you.
I have one of those.
I've got a little bit skeptical, but I went, uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I believe you.
Yeah.
I have a pet.
He's neat dogs.
Yeah.
So, what about the other 49?
Well, they're really good dogs.
We're one of the better kennels.
Aren't they high-strung old greyhounds?
No, there's some calm ones.
Some are high-strung, but they're all different.
They're just like people.
Yeah, but there's some calm miniature printers, too.
I just never met one.
Yeah.
You want to swap a greyhound for miniature pincher?
No.
No.
He's a big shame.
He's a big shame.
He's a really good shame.
And you want to drop his little bombs?
No, my dog's 75 pounds.
Okay, sweetheart, have a great time.
Okay.
See ya.
Bye.
Trying to make a little dealer, then work out.
5'6, 7'5, 60, 0.5, 60, 0.5, 60, on the AT&T Rival Slime.
Come meet George Rodriguez this Saturday from noon until two at the Prime Coast Store.
We finally got the information.
Here it's Wednesday, and of course it's right in the middle of the holidays when everybody's real busy.
But nevertheless, maybe somebody will show up.
1996 North Federal Highway.
From noon to two.
There'll be plenty of giveaways, and you'll also be able to buy the best of the Immersion Dice for Center One.
We'll have the keychains there.
How do you like that?
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
You're also going to have CDs and cassettes?
Yes.
And T-shirts, those crabby shirts.
The long shirts.
Yeah.
The whole bunch of stuff.
So there you go.
There is a good excuse to go out there and pretend you want to see George.
Noondit to the Saturday at Prime Coast.
1996 North Federal Highway.
Which is where?
Where is that?
Hollywood.
No idea.
Probably Hollywood.
You have no idea?
They're a vended out one.
Well, I mean, isn't somebody going to tell us?
I want to look for the nephew to see if he knew like, you know, an intersection where it was.
Yeah.
And he wasn't there.
Oh.
But he did put it in appearance for about a half an hour today.
He ain't feeling too good, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line, Hank Goldberg will be here in a studio with two this afternoon.
Luke Shamby.
Gonna squeeze his fat ice in there at six o'clock tonight.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, before you went on vacation, you read an article by Peter McWilliams about how THC pills were being easier to get for medical purposes.
Have you ever read a book of this called Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do?
Oh, yes, there's a matter of fact.
I just wanted to mention that.
We talked about that on the air.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't hear him.
Sorry.
But also I wanted to say that I agree with that the American way because it's like if you can have freedom of religion as long as the huge religion that makes millions of dollars.
But if you have a religion with 10 people in it.
Oh, freedom of gun.
Arsenal of weapons.
They've gotten a kill as many people as you want.
That's okay.
But God forbid.
Here we have a government agency.
I want you to stop and think about how mind-boggling this is.
We have a government agency to tell us what words we can say on radio and television.
Have you ever heard of anything so ridiculous and repressive in your life?
Never.
Words.
It's all over the world.
They can't even say tips on a radio.
How do you like that?
You just said it.
No.
Do I say it?
No, I don't think so.
But yeah.
That's all I mean, I just wanted to bring that out that you know no one ever seems to.
I'm telling you, I'm so ecstatic over that young guy who was over there.
He said he was an Amsterdam at a great time.
And when I said the, he asked why it's not like that here.
And I said it's the American F and why he said F the American only he said it.
It was great.
Yeah.
Right on, brother.
Yeah.
And I just want to say over 50% of the prison population is in on drug related charges.
And they didn't hurt you or your property.
And most of the people who ought to be in prison, which is the politicians,
they're running around loose spending our money.
Exactly.
God bless us, sir.
Thanks.
I'll see you.
Okay.
Good call from four Myers lately.
Okay.
Yesterday.
56670560.
There must be some living and breathing people over there.
Don't forget you can get the best of the LCDs and cassette at the specs and four Myers.
And also in Naples at the, um, is it coconuts?
Is that the name of that store?
Yes.
Okay.
Suffering.
Well, I thought the last call was pretty good.
George said it was kind of born.
Now he was good.
56670.
Come on.
Let's get all these line.
We had a moment of greatness there for about a half an hour or so.
It was, I was squeezing myself.
Or was that just a blog coming out of my thumb?
Nice going Tracy.
How am I supposed to know?
I thought everybody.
I thought you, we had these things for years all around the rest of the place.
Gloria Estefan sent us this one.
I wouldn't touch anything that is from Gloria Estefan with your hand.
Okay, Mr.
That, but they're all over the place.
This disgusting, arrogant bitch.
No, nothing.
That's the match made in heaven is instinct and Gloria Estefan.
Isn't it great that they made a record together?
Yeah.
What I've made.
They never cut the LCD opener.
Who didn't instinct good?
Because instinctively you would have known not to touch it.
Unfortunately, I didn't know because it was Luis Miguel.
I thought, hey, touch away, baby.
I asked the K old me this.
Boy, it's a good thing we didn't touch anybody's me this with this.
Wooo!
Oh, this must be a thing that sites the knife users to, huh?
It's a CD opener and, uh, and bris uh, doer.
Yeah.
A circumcising tool if I can say that.
Man.
Just the blood is just gushing out of my thumb.
Now, and you're such a, you're, you're like one step away from Adam, you know what?
And from God, I don't care.
Oh, yeah, you don't care.
I don't.
I had like a little blood on my nose at that time and I had a little blood.
That's bloody snot.
That's different.
That's a gross fact.
You said it was gross, but it's not.
God, dammit.
Well, what's that?
I'm like, what is the tool?
I'm simply the baguette.
And it doesn't bother me a little bit of blood, especially if it's not the other.
I don't care about blood.
Yeah.
What do you know about me?
But bloody snot.
How do you know what's safe?
How do you know what's safe, huh?
I didn't spritz the microphone when I did those shows as matter of fact.
Yeah.
As matter of fact, I looked it.
Look at this.
I'm spritzing some of the blood on the microphone.
Just to be sure next time you do the show, okay?
Better bringing that candle light saw spray.
Barrow it from Hank, by the way.
You know, that big candle light saw spray that he was going to have in the building.
When I was coming to work here, he got over that.
He was a little bit concerned about sitting on the same toilet seat.
That's okay, Hank.
I don't take a dump in that place as a toilet.
In fact, you can go out there and take a dump in a hallway.
Nobody would notice the difference.
That's a...
You people, like I said, I wish we could have a guided tour.
We could raise a ton of money for center one.
If we could just give guided tours of the third floor of this building,
you wouldn't believe it.
You'd say, always think he's just putting us on.
You have never in your life seen such a slavvently grotesque...
You know, something you won't find any bugs.
You don't want to know why.
They wouldn't move in here.
This is not the right infested, Roach infested.
Like Hank used to say about the Hollywood joint on Shearant and Speed.
No, they wouldn't move in.
And this will be slumming for them.
The Roaches wouldn't even consider moving in this building.
Nice elevators, though.
I wonder who's paying off an elevator inspector, you know?
What was his name, Gonzalez?
Oh, we don't see him.
My good friend watches him in Waldenio.
Since I talked about him on the ear, do we see him?
No.
He vanished.
Jacob vanished.
Gina, I got an extra ticket for that hockey game this Saturday for the Washington Panther game Saturday.
Maybe Jacob would like to go, huh?
Yeah, oh, I just kissed that bloody spot on the microphone.
Look at that.
Oh, dude.
Wake up with the first team, Joe Roach.
Captain Paris, and Steve Goldstein.
No, we'd be mornings and six.
Only on sports radio, 560 QAAM.
It is so hard.
Kevin Durkian, fish hole in season.
I'll be the heavyweight champion on the world.
Lennox, take a die, slumux.
Wherein' I don't think so, what?
I'll be the champion.
I will not be a fetus.
I will not know who, without my strike, okay?
I am not a queen.
I am the queen.
I'll be.
I'll be the warrior.
I'll be your wife.
I am ready.
Zest, go, cat, go.
I'll be the champion.
Don't you know?
Kevin Durkian, fish hole in field versus Lennox, take a die, slumux.
Wherein' the heavyweight champion, chip of the world.
This Saturday night, live on pay-de-you.
$50, let's not go to the table.
Call your cable company more on.
1246 at 560 WDQ.
Am I got good news and bad news?
First of all, it's from your good friend, Bob Lincoln.
So you know it's going to be mostly bad news.
For anybody that wants to go to Amsterdam for the Christmas week between New Year's Eve
and Christmas Eve and New Year's Day,
wants to live dangerously, wait till you hear this deal.
Even you could afford to go $199 round trip.
Coat your course.
But nevertheless, the Parti, December 24th, return on January 1st, 2000.
$199 round trip, Miami or Orlando to Amsterdam.
The bad news is, though in fine print it says,
look no later than November 30th, 1999.
Wasn't yesterday November 30th?
Uh-huh, yeah.
Nice going, Bob Lincoln.
Sent me this like after the fact.
After the God damn fact.
Here's a call in Hollywood, hello.
Hey, I hope it isn't Egypt.
Yeah, that's given away that deal.
No.
Martin Scare.
Hey, Uncle Leo, I took your advice long time ago.
Got one of the small dishes.
Yeah.
And anybody that doesn't have one now, got to be not.
Is it Schmuck?
I don't know what's wrong with these people, man.
They're talking like a foreign language to them.
Yeah, I didn't even bother.
I mean, you know, I mean, I can understand people
that live like in certain kinds of apartments or, you know, whatever,
that can't get one.
I appreciate that.
But the majority of people can probably go out and get one,
even if they live in the apartment.
And they're still sitting there with prisoners
in their cable company.
They're more on.
Yeah, if you can't get one, you can't.
But as far as the cable company is concerned, man,
they were trying to sell me everything, basic cable,
this, that, and the other thing.
Not only that, did you hear that he was coming out?
I had Comcast at the time.
Yeah.
And they were on the radio, bragging that they were going to come out
with digital service for another $99.95 a month
so you get more of nothing.
It was joke.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
Yeah, did you ever see their digital pictures?
No.
They suck.
They suck.
I mean, when you got satellite, it's like watching a home video.
First of all, first of all, what people don't understand is that
when you get anything from the cable, they're retransmitting.
They're retransmitting it from the same satellite
that you're getting it directly from when you have the dish.
Yeah. And then when their cables go out,
or if they got to bug up their thing, you don't have cable.
It's a matter of fact, during the hurricane,
like satellite went down for 10 minutes.
Right.
It came back up with all the storm and everything.
Everybody else's cable was down.
For hours.
For hours.
For hours.
That's a couple of more out for days.
And I'm sitting there watching away.
There you go.
And all I did was get out, by the way,
here's a little ad.
If anybody wants one, a brand smart is selling an RCA power antenna.
If you want to pick up your local stations for like 29 bucks.
And I just stuck it on top of my TV.
It cranks it up.
You get a pretty decent picture out of it.
And that's it for your local stations.
I mean, I don't watch local stations anymore anyway.
But the difference in the picture,
it's like going to the movies.
I mean, it's incredibly sharp.
And you're not held hostage by these cable companies
that when you try to get online,
you sit there literally on hold,
which is why I got a speaker phone on hold,
for a half hour waiting for him to say hello,
and we can't get there for a week.
Okay, pal.
Hey, Kim.
Have a great day.
What do you say?
I'm looking at this fact.
This is the best Miami radio hot topics of the tropics.
Who is this from?
This is unbelievable.
The fourth annual achievement in radio awards
recently honored Miami for a lot of day radio professionals
and raised more than 53 grand for the March of Dimes.
We didn't get all the winners in the categories.
Best Morning Music Show,
Why 100?
Best afternoon music show, Why 100?
Best Midday Music Show, Magic Cafe.
Best evening music show,
Smegbel 103.5.
Best Spanish Music Show, WFDJ.
Best Non-Music Daily Show,
WQAM for Defos Dead Dog.
Yeah, they submitted a tape.
Defos Dead Dog.
Joe Rose, Jeff DeForest,
Eagle Theme, Talent, Tom Ferrara,
Don Brennan Producer.
Who's Tom Ferrara?
Oh, Tommy.
Sorry, Tommy.
Tommy's a Titan?
Oh, yeah.
What'd you think?
I know he's out of this world.
I thought he was like undetermined origin.
We love you, Tommy.
And Tommy B. Producer's name on there.
Defos Dead Dog, One in the Ward.
I knew couldn't have been Defo himself.
I've heard that show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yeah, this is the kind of crap that goes on in this town.
A little cluster fest that they add over there.
What did I say?
Cluster Fest.
Do you even catch it?
He's busy hawking a trinic.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka, yes sir.
Hey, are you and Dave the Jet fan the same person?
No, because that's all you guys do.
It's complaint about stuff.
Yeah, I'm why you listen.
Yeah, because it kind of entertains you.
Okay, thank you.
Because you're kind of entertaining.
So all you do is complain about stuff.
Yeah, just like I came on yesterday to announce to the world about the great news,
about the local channels being on the small dish.
I don't just complain about stuff.
If there's something that complain about, I'll complain about it.
If there's something good going on, I'll tell you.
And that's why you listen.
Because it's the most guy they're interesting thing in your other boys.
Pathetic life.
And you know it.
Moron.
Christ.
He's an asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
And the world famous out of town line, which has been fairly active today.
Not spectacular.
877 Suck Neil.
SUK and EIO.
Here's a lighthouse point.
Yeah, I.
Yes, sir.
First time caller.
I've been listening to you for years.
I heard you mention that Egypt air incident.
Yes, sir.
Turned my radio on.
Just my own two sensor.
When that pilot pushed the yoke over and made that dive down a 19,000 feet into the engine off,
that's exactly what you do to perform an invasive maneuver.
If you see a missile coming, a Vietnam, it used to happen all the time.
Yeah.
It's a heat seeking missile.
And the missile was probably trying to home it in the engine.
So that's why he cut the throttle back.
So the missile wouldn't have anything to home it onto.
He got the 19,000 feet and then he started to climb back up again.
He turned the engines back on.
And that's when the second missile got him.
The press also convened and neglected to mention that it made a two hour stop.
But it was air force base before it went on to the New York.
Sure.
Let me ask you this.
How come if that's the case?
How come when the pilot came back in and would go to the bathroom and he came back in,
how come he said what's going on in here?
And after that, there's evidence that the pilot was trying to do one thing.
In other words, get the altitude back up and the co-pilot was moving in the opposite direction
and they were working at opposite ends.
Because they disagreed as to what kind of a procedure to follow.
There wasn't any conversation about following any procedure.
Because the pilot was in the men's room.
He didn't know what was going on.
Exactly.
Okay. He comes in and all of a sudden he finds the co-pilot having the plane in a dive
with the engines off.
And the pilot reacted, the captain reacted that was, he tried to pull the thing back out.
And then why did the co-pilot say I've made my decision now?
It's in the hands of God.
Why did he say that?
Because he would scared absolutely blankless when he saw that missile coming.
And it's going to be interesting to see how they go about covering this up.
Because when they stopped at Edwards, they took on 30 Egyptian officers who were being trained there.
And who knows what in the cargo hold.
And it looks to me like somebody didn't want those officers and whatever else was aboard the plane to reach Egypt.
I mean, it's...
And I hate to break the news to you, but they're now finding something shady in the pilot.
You know, the co-pilot's background, which we haven't been told yet what it is, but there's something there.
I don't know if I'm going to debunk your theory.
I have a great day, pal.
And be sure and put that on the internet.
Oh, yeah.
So all the conspiratorialists can start rubbing it together.
And of course, you know who he's going to save, shot him down, right?
He didn't let him get to the punchline.
Wasn't it the trial-lateral commission?
Oh, yeah.
Or was it the Illuminati?
Who is that you is?
5,6,7,0,5,60,0.5,60 on the AT&T line.
And the out of town line, the worldwide line, we're waiting on you, baby.
That guy in San Diego said, there's 75 million people, listen all over the world.
And we got a toll-free line for you.
They have anything to say?
Oh!
No.
Let's hear from the Arabs.
Come on.
877-785-6345.
877-785-Neal.
Got it?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's going on, Ham?
You're right about this town.
Screw it.
I'm going to try to move to Atlanta.
But I had a question.
It's Warren Moon still will back up in Kansas City.
5,6,7,0,5,60,0.5,60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you've had a bit of a look at me this morning.
But I was on the phone with the Ruck TV last night regarding my bill.
And the man who the manager told me that when the local stations go on, they go on automatically.
You don't have to sign up for anything.
How's that possible?
Why would that be if they're going to charge you $5.99 a month?
No, it'll be then.
They're going to put them on as a trial.
Yeah.
And if you don't like it, then you're going to have to say no when the charge starts.
Oh, I see.
That's just what they said.
So in other words, they'll come on spontaneously.
One day you'll tune it on and they'll tell you where they'll tune and there they'll be.
Now, this is one of the managers that get all different stories.
Right.
That the other thing.
I don't know.
I don't know.
There would be different stories because it's already on in New York and LA.
It's not like something they haven't started yet.
No, but the way they're going to get into it down here.
Yeah.
And the other thing people tell you how well they listen to you.
I can remember the article of clothing that brought you down here from Palm Beach.
I'm wondering how many people can do that.
The article of clothing wasn't thick fire at this card pieces.
You showed up the next day after he was kicked off the air.
He wasn't kicked off the air.
Well, he was canned, but he had that at that time, 23 years ago,
they were talking about caught pieces and everything.
And it was a different time for radio.
Yeah.
And he didn't get fired for that reason.
He got fired because he had a lousy ratings.
He had no audience.
So you showed up the next day?
Yeah, because they hired me.
That's right.
And I sat in there with him right.
Yeah.
So that's how long I've listened to you.
Well, God bless you, pal.
Have a good day.
Zagazoon.
1256 at 560 WQAM.
And this is 560 QAF's Nulfance Football Sports Radio.
560 QAM.
Oh my God.
It's a lot of distance to the lower.
It's a quiet area.
It keeps its secret.
Despite what the newspaper said today.
Yeah.
He's really great for the sys y'all to go popular.
But please don't mention it till I get to OK.
Yeah.
It's a quiet area.
It's nobody's distance.
Blackwoods, 18 stocks available.
Two buys.
Yes, we're going public.
But it's a top secret.
Oh, please don't mention it till I get to OK.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's a 101 and 5.
Listen to this everywhere.
You just open up the microphone and there they are.
Don't forget the backstakes boys this Sunday and Monday.
December 5 and 6.
Sold out.
Uh-huh.
After the Macarena.
560, 7.0560, 560 on the AT&T wireless finding.
You can bring Georgia birthday card, too.
By the way, what does your birthday?
It's Monday.
How do you like that?
Georgia making a birthday appearance at the Prime Code this Saturday,
Noon2, you can bring up a birthday card.
You can get your New Yorker's key chains and CDs and cassettes, etc.
At Prime Code Noon2 in 1996 North Federal Highway in, uh,
wherever it is.
I'll be between Oakland and Sunrise on the East Side.
Between Oakland and Sunrise.
Oh, so this is in Broward.
I mean, well, I know it was in Broward, but like somewhere.
Between Oakland and Sunrise on the East Side.
Georgia, do you accept cash, by the way?
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I heard the best in Neil on Friday.
I tried to like it.
Here's the first one.
Now the second one.
We have one other guy, yeah.
I tried to let you know yesterday, but I called for an hour and a half and couldn't get a hold of you.
Yeah, because the phones were all screwed up.
Okay.
I got the satellite on Friday.
$50.
$50?
Yep.
30.
Good.
$50.
The basic satellite is only $20.
Right.
You know, I'm getting the same thing I am cable $15 left.
Mm-hmm.
I'm just getting 10 times the picture and you don't have to worry about it going out every time a picture.
You got diarrhea.
Yeah.
You know, I'm a sports guy.
I'm going to get the football and the baseball package.
Right.
What else do you suggest?
What else do I suggest for what?
Should I get the hockey?
I'm not a big hockey.
Then don't get it.
Well, shouldn't I try it?
Well, what do you mean shouldn't you try it?
If you're not a hockey, that would be like my getting the NBA package, even though I wouldn't watch it.
I mean, if you're not a hockey fan, what would I have?
I've watched it before.
I don't know much about it, but maybe, you know, I'll try it.
Maybe you'll get into it.
That's right.
Try it or like it.
Okay.
All right, Neil, you're the best.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
There's a guy who's going to at least see there's an open-minded guy.
He's going to get the hockey package.
And a lot of you other people might become hockey fans if you actually saw it.
If you actually saw a great game, an exciting game.
Besides, the Panthers playing another girls team for the 85th time in a row.
5-6, oh, that's right.
I forgot.
The big black guy named Peter is coming back this weekend.
There you go.
Have a big crowd there for Washington because the big black guy named Peter is coming back.
5-6, 7-0, 5-60, 0.5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just ran into Josh Friedman in the other room when I wanted to take a leak during the last commercial break.
Guess what he was doing.
He's shoveling food down.
Not just eating.
You know, there are other people around the building.
It's lunchtime.
They're eating lunch.
He was shoveling it down his push.
And he holds up a diet coke.
With caffeine, by the way.
And he stands up sideways like he's holding it in with a profile to make alcohol seem like a little pusion.
Yeah, look like a midget.
That's how fat he is.
God, and here I thought I'd brought something back from the turlour with me when I walked by the door.
And I realized it was him that smelled like that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Listen.
I just wanted to talk about the gentleman they call from lighthouse point talking about Egyptian air.
Yeah.
And guy doesn't know what the hell he's talking about.
Mixer is territorialist, yeah.
Oh my God.
I'm surprised he doesn't have his shave drawn.
He's a dog.
He does.
Wait for someone to knock his door down.
That's right.
Let me tell you.
Yeah, in fact, he's probably also on his way after midnight when it's real dark outside, you know, and not too many people out there.
He'll be at the ATM getting ready for his year 2000 withdrawals.
Exactly.
That's right.
Let me tell you, what happened to Egyptian air?
The copilot did it.
Right.
That's me.
We know that.
Anybody who has any common sense or knows anything about his commercial jetliners will tell you that the copilot committed Harry Carey.
Right.
So it just wanted to tell you guys that he didn't speak good English because Harry's been dead for a year and a half.
Exactly.
Well, I just wanted to say that.
Listen to your show every so often.
You'll get job.
Look under the bed, pal.
Take care.
They're waiting for you.
That's right.
See you.
Bye.
Look under the bed, baby, because the conspiratorialist is in the audience.
That's right.
He's got a lighter with a slow gel.
He's with the privacy of the guy in India.
And he's got a lighter.
And was that heat seeking missile?
I got a heat seeking missile for your pal.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T Rival sign.
Georgia's Big Birthday Party this Saturday at Prime Co.
From noon to two.
Well, might as well make something big out of it.
I'll wear a funny hat.
Georgia wear a funny hat.
There'll be party favors.
I bet you the-
I bet you the nephew was surprised to have had you.
Doesn't bring crap.
I was gonna-
I was gonna, you know, make a funny there instead of just gonna surprise you with a bunch of birthday stuff.
He ain't gonna bring your crap.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
Thank you, God, for nearly two decades of listening.
And I think I finally figured out that I have something to contribute.
Really?
I'm a pool man.
And I can help you keep frogs and coons out of your pool.
Oh, I don't want no coons in my pool.
Well, you have to-
I told Cliff State a hell out of there.
You have to understand them.
They like to wash their food.
Oh.
So the trick with the coons is to barricade the steps so that they can't sit on the top step.
Wash their food, eat their food, and make a mess.
You mean like wash off the watermelon before you start carving it with?
Well, I don't have any coons in my yard.
If you don't have coons in your pool, count yourself lucky.
This is the main of the pool, man.
It's existence.
You're gonna come through a beautiful clean pool.
I never had a pool in my pool of life.
Wow.
Cascading down the steps.
Also frogs.
Frogs, yes.
Rufos.
Well, any of them.
Put a little beer out.
Yeah.
You can hide it.
That'll be it.
That's what I thought.
Just a saucer of beer.
Yeah.
And-
And my dogs will leave it.
Well, put it where the dogs can't get it.
Like, under the edge of the diving board or something.
The five of them-
I don't get diving board.
I have a diving board.
Well, I don't know your pool.
Well, I have a very nice pool, but I do not have a diving board.
In any event, five serves-
I'd be the last person to take a dive.
The five serves will take a beer.
There's not a lot of regular seniors anywhere near my house.
The frogs will drink the beer and what will I do to them?
They don't care.
They don't care about sex.
They don't lay any eggs in your pool.
And if it's somebody the next day to hang over chosen.
Uh-huh.
Words.
Okay.
That's my heart.
Okay. Thank you so much.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Have any idea what he said?
No.
He said, go get a couple of beers.
Talk them down.
And have a great day.
Something like that.
And it'll keep all the coins away.
Because they like that cheap wine instead.
What kind of beer do coons drink by the way?
Malt Litter.
Okay.
Open line on the out of town line.
877-785-Screw-Neil or whatever that thing is.
Suck this.
Yeah.
785-Suck this.
Nine minutes after one acue a-
The Neil Roger show.
Four-thread you.
Five-six-teens.
Q-A-Hand.
Oh, he's so awesome.
Oh, he's so awesome.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm so excited.
- gaming.
You title every week likely.
Most reserve, Spocky and Tigers dining room.
Most reserve, Spray Kitchen,
One to five fifteen-
oneanti colors, you can support
All jingles all day tomorrow I think all coke jingles tomorrow I would play the one by vanilla fudge
but then they don't be seen where you fudge back in 114 at 560 wq we got the 20 or 30 open lines you've been okay the last couple hours here
and actually made a little bit of a comeback we elicited a little bit of support but now it's kind of pedering out when and out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and our toll free line for America 877 sucked a big one
let's do Miami hello hello yes sir it's a ride yes I am hello let me say it one more time yes sir oh yeah I
want to ask you a question you want to what I ask you a question ask me a question yes mr. Rodgers yes sir
do you know the winning is a team and the NFA of force percentage wise no I don't and I don't care do
you know the winning is team in the national hockey league percentage wise you know which you know
conference in points this year sir in the national hockey league no why not because I'm not in the hockey why not
I'm trying to learn but right now I'm in the football mr. Rodgers no the important stuff is the national
hockey league so really the important stuff the Toronto Maple Leafs 33 points higher top the Eastern
conference of the national hockey league oh really I want you to say Matt Sundine is God come on sir no
I wanted to say I want you to say Sergei Berazen is God no you know I want you to say Curtis Joseph is
God that's right say I know Kujo I want to know I know Kujo I know Kujo well then you better know
Kujo man if you don't know Kujo you blow what do you say okay we got 1600 open lines here
starting to get a little bit anter you about this last 45 minutes today starting to lose my
confidence again and those numbers will come in tomorrow boy they're going to be really really
grim it's gonna be a grim day around here the grim greeper in fact I better call mom cancel lunch tomorrow
because we'll be wanting to eat during the show oh yeah I got to eat your frustrations out it's like
at the track tonight fat rich he'll be he'll be eating up a storm just a couple losing races and
that's a good excuse to order like another course you know at the table come on rich you got to
lose 60 pounds this week let's go fat man you got to do it worried about you eating like a cow
here's the only man I ever know my life he had a stroke and instead of like eating a message you
like lose a little weight he goes out and gains a quick 10 pounds and he's working on another 10
right now lose some weight Richie come on you fat chubby guy you here's West Palm Beach hello
fine you'll let you do it pretty good sir hey I got a couple of things first of all on that
on the thing where they want to compress the radio signal to fit more commercials in yeah I don't
know if anyone brought this up but why did I have to mess with the program signal why don't they
just compress the amount of commercial time or compress the signal when the commercial
yeah why don't they speed the spots up so they can run 20 minutes of spots in about 10 minutes that
sounds good to me you know why did why did I always have to mess with the programming
why do they care about the programming in addition to which there is don't you understand
the the advertisers would raise holy hell the agency people all the advertisers they say oh
you're screwing my spots but the talent we don't have any there's no constituency for us there's
nobody to step it and say oh you're screwing with the talent which is the reason the people
listen to first place well when we have no constituency when the ratings start going down then they'll
maybe they'll figure it out yeah maybe who knows the other thing I wanted to talk about kind of
change in tracks is I'm reading Dave Barry's new book he's written his first novel yeah called
Big Trouble why are you reading Dave Barry well I have something to do with that oh my god well
there's a couple of passes you need to get you a satellite there's something tell them there are
couple of passages that I think I think you influenced really oh yeah there's a good one if you
read Dave Barry you don't make it every time well he steals all your stuff all the time I beg your
pardon does he steal your stuff all the time I don't know I don't read his crap while was he still
well if if I could there's a couple of small passages a couple of hitmen and they're listening to a
sports talk show on the radio and the passage goes the host was talking where are the gator fans
all you gators call when you win but now that you lose you don't have the guts so the radio host
takes the call I'm a gator fan and I'm calling and what do you have to say you said we didn't
have the guts to call so I'm calling yeah okay and so what do you have to say I'm saying here I
am I'm calling that's it you're calling to say you're calling you so we didn't have the guts
because you don't have the guts all week ahead all these gator fans on here talk
oh wow why why are you reading Dave Barry why are you doing this to yourself sir well I just read
this and I thought if you please don't read anymore please I'm begging you I don't mean on the
year I mean just just in general this is Bernad Bernad thing I'm telling you I started the precious
thing don't waste it not on one more page I'm begging you pleading with you well you've
obviously made a big impact on him because I have the only impact I'd like to make on him is
from the go away until I'm ready to get out of town a couple of years okay go away Dave have a
great day I love you Neil see you okay down to three calls left at the board I want to see
every line lit up here again okay work before we'll work again we'll work again no I'm going to play
West life that's the best record in history if it's not even debatable next to next to that
the easy beat now it's pretty good this is good this time
oh it's so good but not like
well what rhymes with pretty 20 after one at five sixty WQ I am just let me just play it here
these cuts the painted program directors you see that's the reason why like blue by i465
number one in every country in the world in the last several months everywhere finally made it
over to Canada it's already number one there this week has it made it here to the US no
because you've had a bunch of spineless program directors who play the same 10 15 20 songs like
right down the hallway here I don't want to mention because we know this will be a kid career
discovered in the next couple of days West life flying without wings guaranteed to be number one
overnight greatest record in the history mankind you watch and the first person that's
going to call in comment will say genius that record sucked you you watch what now when you
agree with you uh huh she had a really care whether you like it or not I don't because your
tastes in your touch you're still with your limp but the biscuit uh here's a mobile and Delray Beach
hello mobile and Delray Beach mobile how you doing sir all right um a question uh you're an expert
on the act inside I know I'm starting it uh I started with me what do you mean I'm an expert
well I I'm seven o'clock this morning you what I've been on it's in seven o'clock this morning
yeah I know I'm not that that's the good thing you do you go on and off it you still continue it
um who I mean who says I continue it I'm not doing it I'm not doing the addkins diet well I
thought you were doing it yeah four or five years ago oh okay well maybe you can answer this
question on everything they say is no put the carbs or sugar yeah okay I pick up an item say
pepperoni it says no carbs no sugar but it has dextrose now does that matter there's no
if it says zero carbs then the eat it that's what I thought you said about four or five years ago
right Neil you're right it's the same thing okay good luck pal bye and watch your what kind of
pepperoni you're putting in your purse five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty nothing
worse than getting a bad pepperoni man and of course the out of town line we're waiting on you eight
seven seven seven eight five Neil eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five there's
got to be somewhere like in Geneva New York we got somebody listening right now sitting right on
the edge of their goddamn sofa hanging on it you think no no here's Hollywood hello
hello yes sir I heard you criticize the people that biolics watch this yes you own a corvette don't
yeah why did you buy the corvette corvette's a great car you could have gotten the same place in
the Honda sir sir corvette I could go out and buy a guy named Lamborghini for 140,000 dollars
a corvette's not that expensive for a sports car corvette only cost about 40 grand well
I'm at corvette because I drive in it because I like the way it writes I if I could find another car
for fifteen thousand dollars that I like to as much as the corvette I'd go out and buy the
fifteen thousand dollar car I didn't buy it to impress anybody people buy Rolexes because they
want to impress somebody with what a big shot they are you got a beautiful car I know that yes
so what's the big deal with a Rolex watch well what's it's a big deal you tell me I don't know
people can afford it they buy but why why not take the ten grand and spin it on you know take
a five hundred and buy a nice watch and take nine five hundred and buy that something good that's
right there you go have a great day okay but do anybody know what his point why no I just leave
my cars alone man and it you show me somebody it's where we got a Rolex or watch he's an ass
that's right Jeff Cohen wears a Rolex watch he's an asshole God a lot of explains it
you can find him at the pizza lock
127 and 560 WQN it works the lotion in the basket
The
Oh
I don't care
No
I don't care
Outside of school you said job's being
That's what I thought it was boring
It's all the talking lots
Early births
And old parts of f***ing things
It's really sweet
That I don't care
I don't care
Whatever happens
To all the fructive things
To have
Nobody gives a crap
And it controls my tomatoes
It's the land of the great dead
So I prefer to scratch my balls instead
And I don't care
I don't care
I'm a man that's cold
What is it?
133
At 560 WQAN
560-560
We might make until 2 o'clock
Maybe we're going to be real nip and thug
Real tight right out of the wire
Nip and nose to nose
Nip in the blood
877-785-6345
That's what we used to say at Paxton
Nip in the blood
877-785-6345
I'll tell you how bad it is here
We had a couple of our sales holes in it this morning
All three of us, them two and yours truly
We were reminiscing about how great it was at Paxton
That's how bad it is here
Fort Lauderdale
Hello
How are you doing?
I got a request for you to pay me back
That's up
I beg your pardon? Tighten that ass up?
No, back
Back that ass up
Oh, back that ass up, yeah?
Yeah, from June, could you pay that for me?
Okay
Alright, thanks buddy
Yeah, back on this
Back on it
567-560-560 on the AT&T wireless line
Hey, you sparts as you better calm down a little bit
You know, it snips the Arnold on you
We'll tell you that you're a little bit out of control
And then you're in real trouble, okay?
As in terminated
Oh, here's Dave the cop that I see you've had waiting on here for a very long time
And thank you for doing that
Yeah, how you doing, Alex, song before was great
I meant to tell you
You actually liked it?
Well, listen, it's no Allison change but it wasn't bad
No, you didn't like it
It wasn't too bad
Listen
I mean, it wasn't too bad
It's great, it's a great song, it's a great group
And you people, man, what do you know?
What you people?
Yeah, you people, you and George
Oh, there you go, listen
Musical taste in your twist
I think they should keep riding in Seattle until Sound Garden gets back together, okay?
Listen, real quick, I'm headed up to a real...
Is it great by the way? The World Trade Organization brought out all those great people up there
What does that have to do with making a protest?
They're putting the newspaper things off the sidewalks
And they're using them as battering ramps to push through the goddamn windows
What was that all about?
Yeah, all sorts of idiots coming out there
And they're taking advantage of peaceful protests
Which is, you know, the right to do
But ruins it for everybody, it's everywhere, any time you have something like that
How'd you answer all of that?
You got that right
Anyway, I'm headed up to a real city
They have to tomorrow spending a week up in Boston
Gonna catch the Bruins Blackhawks game Saturday night
Oh, the Bruins Blackhawks, what are you gonna see a hockey game?
Well, that's true
Because of that, I'm gonna talk to my wife and to sit down in the freezing cold
And watch the Patriots and the Cowboys
How's that?
Uh-huh, that's two girls teams, that's true
Yeah, yeah, well listen, my Rams are doing good, I feel good for now
Let's see what happens
And uh, that's basically a happy Chanukah to you
Okay then, I'll be out there at Boston Common, lighten the manure on Saturday night
Have a great time
See ya
Say hi to a Patrick Henry
567 and John Henry
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line
I'll tell you one thing, our management is so stupid
They don't know the difference between hemorrhoids and asteroids
They don't, although they are pin in the ass
What's that out of time?
I want one more call on that, and of course it could be even from Palm Beach County
That's how weak this crowd is, that's how weak you are
Putting that 800 line, and I'm sitting here just like all the other lines
I thought, they after that it would be the one line we could depend on
Smoking
Is it smoking?
No
Is it smoldering?
No, did Luke war on?
No
877
785
6345
877
785
6345
Pete Rose
Good Guy or Compulsive Gambler
Good Guy or Asshole
He's an asshole
Yeah, but quick pick it on Pete, okay?
I can't stand him and I still stay quick pick it on poor Pete
And Jim Gray, by the way, I'll tell you
He's an asshole
He's an asshole
If I hear anybody suck up the Jim Gray on this radio station again, I'll puked my guts out
I will, he meals that I ate 25 years ago
I mean, suckles we got here
Like Larry King, oh I was watching something at Jim Gray's house
We were watching the ballgame
Larry Gray, Larry King who never met an ass that he wouldn't suck
Here's sunrise, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
This is an old fart from sunrise
Oh, listen
Can you tell me I've listened to the Pete Rose all along?
Yes
I have never, never, never
I heard anyone say that he bet against his own team while he was managing
That is correct
They don't even have absolute evidence that he bet on baseball, except the word from some horseball bookie that was trying to get himself off from some charges
That's all I've framed them
The point is, look, I'm a retired criminal attorney
Right
And I can't understand, and God believe me, some of the sentences that have been handed out
This man has been deprived of making a living in the field that he knows most
They shame this man into going on those guys, they have home shopping that works in having the pedal memorabilia
Which is about as low as you can go
When you have to lower yourself to John Rivers level and go it on home schlock network
To pedal a bunch of crap to the public just to try to nicoid a living and make a few bucks
You can lose two, three grand of the track that night, then you know that they really stuck it to you
I say, let's give Pete the whatever it is he wants
By the way, apropos to what you mentioned the other day about religion being the opium of mankind
Yes, sir
I hope you don't mind
It's just a very brief little story of this kid who took the exam
And there was the quote and he had a villain who said it
And that they folded any runs down to the Kremlin looks up there and it says
Religion is the opium of mankind, Lenin and the kid says, thank God
Okay
I try
This is how the lawfully
Zag is on
Just be well
You too
The rest is bull
Crap, amen
See you
He's right
You're a health, that's all that counts baby if you don't have your health you haven't got a death crap
That's right, just be healthy and happy and screw everybody
That's what we say here at QIA
Who are everybody
Give us the F and money
Who are everybody
Give us a spot on
Who are everybody
Who are you
You can't put a motto here at QIA
I can't think of anything to say
Hi, I'm Erin Somers, you know what?
You got me talking on the pension phone
Tell me the story about how you got flown, I got you down
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone, I got you down
The lines are jammed up, yeah, there isn't a doubt
Call up and tell me what it's all about, I got you down
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone, I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
I got you down
There's a new topic each night
So you have sex with a black or third-aid white, I got you down
Are you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone, I got you down
145 to 560 WQM, we got thank Glover, we got two o'clock
We got Boog Shombie
At 6 in any key with the GACO 10 o'clock tonight
Here's a call from Helen Dale, hello
Hey Dale
Yes sir
Let me ask you, is it more beneficial to have young African-American employed and paying taxes or...
Can I tell you something sir, take Lawrence Phillips and get your ball up, Bell, and run off with him okay together, the two of you
560 as soon as I saw Helen Dale, I knew exactly who it was, there was no doubt in my mind
Scumbag, scumbags of a feather, suck together sir
Here's Boston, hello
Hi you, new, yes sir
Just like I give you a call from on the online
Yes sir, I saw
I heard Dale's a cop coming up here, just let him know that it's cold as a witch's ass
Yeah, the word he can't say up here, yeah
It's you
And you know, I'm taking your advice and getting rid of my cable
And getting, we're gonna try the additional, okay I think
When are you getting the local channels up there?
I'll just do it through the, I'll just put the antenna on the roof and do it
Oh there you go, good
Yeah, good, just say goodbye to cable, it probably sucks even up there
It does, the cable loads everywhere
The cable is like the antichrist of your TV set
Yep
Like the Tupacabra
Okay, that's it
Okay let me go see ya
See at the Fenway Park, not see at Fanny Will Hall, not see you at the, see you in September
See how to pull over here
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line, the out of timeline
We just had to go away, it took calls from Boston today
I'm looking for our friends at WRKO are becoming chronic because they're obsessed with this show
I'll tell you what, for one and a half million a year I'll let you symbol cast this show up there
How do you like that?
For like 15 bucks like I said
Get on a year in a real market with real living and breathing people like up there in Boston
I have a 98 year in Boston, I guarantee you that, I'd be big up there, I'd be huge
Every college campus, every guy in one of those bogus schools up there
Be mammoth, down here you go to you with a needle who, who's that?
Neal on what?
Neal down?
Even the FIU would even BCC, remember I used to be gigantic in BCC?
When's the last time we had a call from a BCC person, huh?
What, 25 years ago something like that?
Well they're all busy with that wind surfing
Here's Kendall, hello
Yes sir
How you doing Neal?
Pretty good
Listen, I just have to let you know, I never get to see my wife doesn't like me, you know, listening to you all the time
Why not is she some kind of a, you know, or less bitch?
She's always stressed out about me, always listening to Neal, Neal does, Neal does that
Why not?
But listen, we're on vacation for a month
Yeah
Okay, and I got a pipe through the whole house, right?
And she's one of these, she's one of these computer nerds, she's a software engineer
And we've got to play that Y2K thing
That's like the funniest, she needs to hear that
Okay
Alright, big, see ya
Listen, have a good one
Don't say big guy
Alright
Don't say it
I don't know if she's good, he was talking about it
Didn't you say Y2K?
We told her she's talking about it
Y2K and I asked her things
Well, I'll play him over, I'll say
Alright
The other one's really long
Back to him
He's so long
Y2K
Here he goes, Doc
And our computer's so long, Doc
Alright
Y2K
And we go Doc
Everybody's gonna die
People will panic
When they turn up and hide
I bet that in a magazine
In a complex, full run
If you believe it's the end of the world
Let's see the market
Ratching out there
For the millennium to go down
Start jumping away
Thank you for attending today's conference
on how to deal with the Y2K problem
I would like to announce the development of a new software system
which will be year 2000 compliant
This program is known as
millennia year application software system or my app
Next Monday there will be a meeting
in which I will show my app everyone
We will hold demonstrations throughout the month
so that all employees will have an opportunity
to get a good look at my app
We have not addressed networking aspects yet
So currently only one person at a time can use my app
This restriction will be removed after my app expands
Last week my secretary said to me
I'm a little nervous
I never put anything in my app before
I helped her through the first time
and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless
and she was actually looking forward to doing it again
I was even ready to kiss my app
As you begin using the program
Feel free to put anything you want in my app
As my app grows larger
We envision a time when it will be commonplace
for a supervisor to hand work to an employee
and say here
Stick this in my app
It will be a great day when we need data quickly
and our employees can respond
Here it is
I just pulled it out of my app
It's 150, 10, 4, 2, 5, 16, WQ1
Jim Manditz costs a lot of money
Oh so he can
On sports radio 5, 16, Q, A, L
One million dollars for Neil Rodgers
He's in the his out
Oye
He asked me how I knew
That Neil was a Jew
Oye, hey
I just might say
Yes he may be gay
But he's different
In one way
Look
On his head you find
A spot of the siddiquil
Oye, hey
When you sit on his throne
And looks at and defones
There's a Yamaha
On his throne
Oye, hey
Hey
Man here's a great boy
From Gary's movies that's a playboy
Thanks to the red coat
And go last things
And we'll be back with a coat
Oye, my kids much more fun
When you're impressed
I feel refreshed to do best
We never make it through a record session without coat
New Deal's full empty bottles
And we're finished
And you know, we never get tired of drinking so much
We drink and coat, get the coat and pass the coat
New Deal's full empty bottles
Full empty bottles
Full empty bottles
Full empty bottles
And we think you do
Since today, we've got to collect same
Full empty bottles
Full empty bottles
Full empty bottles
Full empty bottles
157 at 560 WQIM
Here's plantation hello
Hey, palmy. Yes, sir. Listen. What is this new volunteer park? They're building Neil. What the volunteer park?
Volunteer park
What was that? What was that?
Little little bit of what was that anybody have any idea now. Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood
Okay, let's try a mobile and adventurer. Hello
Mobile and adventurer. Yeah, you don't need okay. Hey, I'm one of the what's going on out there
I'm out of adventure passing by Joe Robbie right now. Yeah, I'm one of the I only get to listen to you between jobs
I'm one of the few white Jewish DSS and scholars that is the round town. Oh
Yeah, I want to know your opinion on the local channels that the SS is about to give now that Clinton signed the bill
You wanted my opinion. I've been screaming in the other about it for two days. It's great
Yeah, I think it's gonna actually put a definite hurt on the cable company amen brother
You're not kidding. I worked for time one or for five years and then screw them. It was the absolute work
I
Yeah, so
Like I said, this is the first time I called long time listener and I really enjoy the show and
That's about it. And don't spend all in one place. I try not to okay good luck. There you go. He's a cable guy. I mean a
DSS guy the cable guy even Jim Kerry they're off to us now. Maybe they're finished
They can stay can see the handwriting on a wall. They can smell it
