This is Sports Radio 510 Hizer.
WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Sports Radio 560.
WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I talked to Neil called 560560 toll free for date and browered.
Or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil is guests, callers, or anyone else on the show
who not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beasley broadcast groups.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
What, what are you looking at me for?
You told me that we're on the air.
We're on the air, you don't hear that?
My clock says three minutes till 10.
What are you talking about?
You're clock, you think that's going to be set?
I thought you were doing it like you always do a dry run in there.
I'm sitting slump back in a chair and he looks at me like, yeah.
Sorry, I said my clock.
Well, that's great.
I got two minutes.
I'm not coming on till the clock says 10 o'clock, okay?
Are you out of your mind?
I said 444 when I came in.
Yeah, great.
So we're in our new studios, anybody care, huh?
No.
I didn't think so.
Yeah, I'm sitting back in a chair here and he's in there,
and his little broom closet or room, by the way.
This just doesn't sound, I don't want to start off on a negative note.
See, first of all, you don't pot up.
I mean, were you here in the morning show?
Not that I want to hear that crap, but I mean, were you hearing it?
Yeah.
Well, I wasn't.
You weren't into the, yes, I am.
I'm in program, mister.
How come I wasn't hearing it?
Not in program.
I'm going to be in the appeal.
Before we're ready again, because I know that Greg Reed would never have us do that, you know?
Right.
Oh, man.
Oh, all kinds of sounds.
All kinds of sounds.
Yeah, like those.
Tinny, tinny, really bad sounds.
Yeah, just like you just, do you hear how tinny that sounds?
Sounds good in here.
Yeah, great.
So you do the show in there.
You did 20 minutes on Friday.
Oh, by the way, I'm going to critique your just 20 minutes.
That I heard going to the airport.
First of all, the caller sucks.
Oh!
That's true all the time.
Callers were terrible.
I'll call you a little, a hooliopherent.
They were warm enough for Kaio Choke.
Must be.
And secondly, why do you always, what is this fetish you have with like making, taking that awful
music you like and making like, yeah, he likes to like drop in, you know, which is a good way
to kill time.
That's a good technique.
Which you mentioned that notice.
And that's true.
You don't even look at that.
Well, when you only got 20 minutes to fill, how much time do you have to kill?
Okay.
Who's going to be our, I can't believe this.
So I got to do my watch to know what time it is here.
Jesus, K Christ.
I'll set it to the bridge.
If I mention that they want an asshole, Greg Reed is yet.
Well, he's an asshole.
Oh, we're going to do, you know, everything before it's time.
Okay, like a fine wine when it's age like cheese.
When it's aged, then you open it up, you slice it up, you stick up in your pus.
This place, wow, just throw it in there.
Okay, just, you know, get the Scott's tape into the paper.
And then the page is glue and throw them in there.
So up here on the third floor, who's going to be our very first caller on the, in the new studio, huh?
Does it sound any different?
Can you tell?
No.
That we're in a different room.
No.
No.
When you gave me that look, I'm sitting here like oblivious.
Seriously, I'm not like, this is a joke.
Three minutes to tenets is on there.
So to let somebody else's show.
Are you saying that some people like don't come on when they're supposed to?
Are we on the year?
Are we on the year?
Yeah.
Are you saying that?
Bastard?
Yeah, I'm going to critique your 20 minutes.
This is the whole sound of it, you know.
We're going to talk about insect bites today, by the way.
That's Neil's ailment of the day.
Not like a major deal, but it's, I like talking about that, like cockroaches.
Especially in a place that we have no exterminator.
Oh!
Here's our first call in the new studio.
Hello.
Hello.
A meal.
Oh, this sounds bad.
Oh, is it my ears?
Is it not?
I can hear myself.
Yes.
Listen, last week, sometime in the middle of the week, you were playing either a paper CD by
Deon and the Belmont.
Yeah.
What was the name of that thing?
I've been trying to find these things, you can't find them anywhere.
I'll find this for you.
All right.
Here I got it.
Whoa, is that quick or what?
Did a paper CD?
It's a CD.
Deon, it's on Artista.
Artista.
Artista.
It's the 24 original classics, 1958 to 1978.
And it's got, it's even got Deon and the Belmont's live, doing the wandr, and also the original single.
And tell me why by the Belmont's, and that's good, it's great.
It is, it's lovely, good.
Now, go through that again.
What's the name of that again?
I was trying to write that.
Okay.
24 original classics.
Oh, original, but do it one more at a time and it'll kill more time.
All right.
Original classics.
Right.
nineteen fifty eight nineteen seventy eight
it's on a wrist that i say artista i'm sorry
or rista
grigorne there's a great way to look at real the show like he just put his
head through a lot more again
why don't you get her like a real man's haircut seriously
look at you you look like a stumble bum
general manager got a nice suit on the day and he's got a head looks like a
a mess
boy you look bad okay uh... enjoy pal had a great day good
out
that i say artista well i'm trying to be a artsy sport a sportsy
for the people that this is all sounds to me like really bizarre
or sounds good and there okay and on the air he's saying it sounds great on
here all god you will
he never started this goodness life on the air
we can do a twenty sheer now
by the way i got your letter but he never ends with something reading a moment
and you are the biggest asshole
and you're illiterate
and we're not talking about your life sexual or otherwise on the air but
nevertheless
wait till i get to this letter this this will make hair grow on your hemorrhoids
if you got a big red one that's popped out it'll make hair grapholicle
start developing right on your roads when you hear this very brief but a
servant letter from that asshole buddy nevin
who's evidently getting some bad information i can't imagine where he's
getting it from that the idiot buddy nevin
the other life you know that's what i hear
that's what he says
he's consulting with her
how could i was it possible to be like a call out what am i asking a rhetorical
question for
columnist in this town and be illiterate
courses comes from a newspaper that by the way did you see the suns and
this morning
same newspaper that told us ten years ago about the radio pedophile ring
that turned out to be a fath
of phantom of the opera and the phantom of his imagination buddy nevin
college towns new hotspots for retirement you know you pick up your
newspaper in the morning and whatever the story is there in the upper right
hand corner that's supposed to be the big story of the day right am i right
uh... right
you read the article and that the last four or five paragraphs in the article
well three not gonna happen all in much because college towns are too small
to two isolated and there's like ten people that are retiring in some stupid
place in the virginia
jesus that this is a newspaper
talk about a boring place man must be really desperate in this town that this
is the front page during the so scum sentinel
they need better off to bring back the radio pedophile ring again
i got some good information for them
uh...
uh...
man old man every time
so within Toronto over the weekend
thirty four degrees sun was shining felt like about fifty four was beautiful
they had the big st. patty's day parade yesterday
we're gonna talk about the iris today what a bunch of uh...
rungs they are
what we do this every year on saying patty's day a lot of people were upset
that name by the way never did you think that's like an english or a irish
name perhaps
i don't think so
i mean even the irish aren't that illiterate
he's consulting with his uh...
wife
this letter man i'm telling you you get the record is rolling
here's a mobile in pember pine let's see if it sounds any better than the
other one
uncle mail how you know oh god is that sound like crap great
uh... what's your uh... my
but i'm not good on here
i went to my first look at our day over the week
i apologize i'm sorry for you
i was out of town thank you in the new uh... rectal center
and uh...
i had an extra ticket and we were walking in late
and uh... guy asked me if i wanted to if i had an extra ticket to sell a total
no
i'll give you a few of you
i gave in the ticket one of the security guards called me over and i gave it
to you
you said sir don't you think you know it's uh... at the arena you are
your mind
i can't believe that you can give away
it's a little bit if you would have given it to the guy with a hundred
dollar bill of that so you really been a big problem
but i can believe that he said that the uh... national car rental
center does not want you giving away ticket
why not
that's what he told me he says it's their policy uh... i got this word from
what i didn't see the game but i saw the low lights and read about it from
what i hear they should have been given away tickets for that they should have
been yet they should have been attaching a hundred dollar bill of the
reticket
you know they should have done that too especially when you don't know that
it's an adult and we're gonna read about that all we did get the only goal of
the game let's give him a credit for that not too much else well you know that
the pamphor's remind me of the Miami heat they play to the level of their
competition yeah
if the competition thing no i disagree with you i think the heat are pretty good
the uh...
hey about that walley world with Miami of Ohio by the way huh
that was great what is his name
i don't know
out will find out have a great time glad you enjoyed the game was terrible
it's a ten past ten is that close
i'm gonna get a hot enough it's a seven i have to tell this guy damn stupid
clock up here
i and my life i'm i'm having like an out of body experience here he's
planned to open which every morning you do that you go through of a little
of funky music you play experimenting a few minutes before we go on a year
and i'm sitting here and it's a damn good thing i didn't go on a year it's
a
what that you know
what that is that
all the least we have a dump on the hurricane like the other guys
huh
they still don't have a dump on the producers have to do it so that when they
go out and take a leak
all like i said great get the haircut starting right about here right
below the chin
get a good to a slit right there
i have just tasted your snapper
this is the time of year
what everyone's a little bit higher this say Colleen
would you be wanting to come over to my place to help me
wax my shell
now that i would my country
is you be wet in the clean
i know there's a smart lassie
she's making sure her lad is wearing
the telegreen protection of leopard condoms
don't be wishing on a holy floor
i'm sorry for the gift of gab especially if you're planning on
kitchen some blindy stones
that's what i have
a right
double in your prediction
with leopard condoms they're strong enough for a man
but i like them too
so
pick yourself a different condom
and you won't be catching anything else
what the drugs basically okay 10 16 at 5 60 and what about that potato
family we're talking about that just a week or two ago
the potato famine and what that was really all about
maybe somebody can call and tell us what that is all about and how come the
Irish drinks so much and they're basically and that all we know them for
like the canadies much of womanizing drugs
basically the legacy of the Irish big parades all over
i did we have one here yesterday or only kai ocho did we have a same
Patrick's day parade they had a big one at Toronto downtown yesterday
big one and a parade too
so i wake up in my hotel yesterday morning as the
litany the list of kneels ailments continues
everybody likes that
taking notes on it they do they love it what's wrong with you today kneel
let's get the bug doctor and of course when you work in this place it's
perfect oh by the way George can't hear me on the intercom
there will be fixed tomorrow right well why is that such a big deal
i don't know i guess there were other more important things like getting
the thing working like you mean putting the clock on the right time oh come on
ten seventeen is that is that close no i wouldn't a few minutes so we're
giving the time from this studio first of all i'd be the only reason i
give the time is about a habit nobody listening to what god damn poxio
cares about the time and if they do care about the time they should look at
their watch and if they don't have a watch they can't afford to be listening to
what god damn poxio okay pawn your radio if you can't afford a watch
what is it with people that don't wear a watch you know people that were
watched and there's some people who like have their watch
in their pocket
seriously or they have like a little uh or they they have their cell phone now
what kind of a schmuck has a cell phone besides the drug dealer has a cell phone
hooked to his belt but doesn't have a watch
huh stop and think about that one so when you buy a wake up yesterday morning
and i look i'm i'm shaving and all of a sudden i see
blood on my wrist on my limperist and i thought to myself oh my god what the hell is this
and now i look on my in the same arm on my right arm and here's a scratch see all
of the years i've always thought that spiders made scratches you know when
little miss muffins it's down with your curds and ways in oh by the way speaking
away and then let's get that scale up here
sometime later this week today is not a good day but later the week will leave
but anyway so i always thought that spiders when you had like a something on your arm like that
it's either a my little dog who's always scratching me all over the place
but obviously in this case it couldn't have been because i wasn't here
or b it's a spider and then George is telling me this morning that it's more likely to be
cockroaches um roaches i was hanging out at the roast motel but i'm not going to give
the name of the hotel because i don't need a lawsuit but nevertheless i made a friend
of fairly expensive pretty fancy shmancy hotel that's some flop joint and i got like bites on
i'm i'm talking like uh several many on the wrist and here's a scratch on the arm and here's
like a couple little like a teeth marks on the inside of the uh thing which are a lot better
today but nevertheless what what kind of place doesn't have an exterminator i thought only this
place was so cheap they wouldn't have a god damn exterminator so that's gonna be our big topic
today let's hear about bugs bug bites cockroach bites spider bites mites i were going to talk about that
might i'm also probably going to talk about what a horrible sound it's just i i'm sure that
will irony bugs out if i can say that of this mess here but boy it's like it really is the whole
thing not just the way we started with the wrong time at the clock but it's like an out of body
experience huh but on the bright side yes you have a triple deck cart machine two of which work
two you have a right we've got a triple deck cart machine and two of the three decks let's try it out
you also have a tv pot you can pot up your own tv now i can do what you can turn the tv on your
where's that it says dss oh look at that oh my god look at that the foreigner
he's land okay here we go i don't hear anything on air cart one okay cart one works cart two
cart two works cart number three what are you talking about they all working like that
yeah i'm saying the same one all three cart machines work okay looking at how a lot
looks like another piece of old crap but nevertheless they all work big improvements
got the screen over here and this room is okay i mean it's kind of like sterile
we have to get all our pictures up on air and then in rickia that naked so
somebody's got to call it and tell me about so we actually have believe it or not a white
basketball star who actually looks pretty damn good too and i know most of you go what are you talking
about fag stuff yeah that's right fag stuff it's the fag hockey show what do you expect
so while your spartus out there that think you totally took control of the sport and all the white
guys are like playing the you know hockey now and are playing pinnacle and playing with each other
i got bad news for you at the university of my any of ohio
well close enough for us wally or something like that somebody out there will know who he is
and something about him fort waterdale hello hey i need all i know about him is his name because he's
I sure he pronounced that last name is the apolok yeah yeah so am I so i know it's his
is his is skier something zirbiac it's i think it's like see it's for it starts with four
consonants yeah that's why they call him wally world because it can't pronounce his last name
yeah zirbiac that's not so bad yeah so i just want to fill you know that it's his story he had
like uh forty eight points or something yeah well yeah yeah that's like seventy two points in two games
yeah and uh i don't know who they're up against next
those who ever heard of a white basketball star even at the college level i mean what's
it been about 30 years since we had like a little Larry bird yeah well he and Larry bird was
like a retard i mean come on Larry bird with a silly a Celtic socks that he was wearing look
like a fruit cake didn't he yeah yeah this is how we play with the word was it always the
Celtics had this funny socks you know it made them all look real fruity you know oh yeah like
havela check he also looked real fruity with those Celtics socks um huh of course ties right in
with St. Patrick's Day doesn't it that's true well hopefully he'll stay away from the Celtics
and although he's got the Irish there you know the Irish team everything yeah but uh yeah i just
wanted to give you that let's go Miami of Ohio that's what i say yeah yeah at least somebody
somebody from Miami can do it there you go all right i'm gonna have a great day and thanks for the
info we said his name is Wally world is what he said 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
we're talking insect bites today baby what are you laughing about i didn't know that i know that
cockroaches are grotesque and ugly but i i know that they might like but like a like a
scratch like that you tell me that's not a spider bite mister i would a spider scratch you
maybe you didn't like me maybe he's an anti-semite i what do you mean why would he
scratch you because he was there because your arm is in the bed maybe it got in his way of like
whatever he's doing laying his eggs spinning his web what a wicked web we weave etc and so on
how do i know why he would bite me maybe a roach laid eggs on your flesh
meaning what meaning they'll erupt and eat your flesh i don't know
like i said keep playing the music when you do that 20 minutes you know on the show
keep playing those little musical bits you know nothing about anything
seriously cockroach bites i bet you may have a lot of people out there all over town i don't
want to mention what parts of town that are suffering and probably there are little kids too
little kids go to school hey johnny you look like you've been eaten up alive well you know
i live in a roach motel we live in a really bad crappy place or maybe i wouldn't be surprised
if there's roaches running around all over Greg Reed's house he lives in a very fancy neighborhood
and a very expensive house but he doesn't believe in exterminators huh or he's just too much of a
cheap prick to get one that's the problem fort waterdale hello yeah one talking to you now wait
one second i see all kind what what is going on with the phone what was that all about
their lines flashing in here even line seven is ringing and they're not ringing on this thing
what is that they're not ringing in here line seven was earlier i think maybe we have more lines
just hang on one second okay q a m i can touch me sure hold on okay so it's a good thing i'm
looking at this thing okay it's good to get me looking at this because here's another minor
technical problem my computer screen my nice mind by the way this is done very nicely here with our
our dcs computer up there which goes like that and very nicely mounted but the only problem being
that we're can't see the phones are flashing okay even when i look in line seven be hello
q a m yeah guys with the neopolis sure hang on George are you see this this guy is coming
on line seven we've alerted the engineers and look wqa m we have two more lines q a m
think the nail hold on sir thank you uh i i see one line on you and there's one on the monitor
thing on the screen i've got four people on hold
okay like i said let's do four lotterdale hello hello yes sir
Neil welcome to us playing radio on a Monday morning yes sir hey it's the Greg weed weed effing away
you got me yeah i got you okay it's not a cockroach by it what is it i don't know but it's not a
cockroach by well what does a cockroach by it look like oh cockroaches and gonna bite you a cockroach
will they'll eat you know your just fell off the chair when you a cockroach is what a friendly
creature well it's just not gonna bite you you might eat some of your dead skin or eat some dead
finger nails or eyelashes but he's not gonna bite any well that's kind of a service eating your
dead eyelashes i think that's not bad the elite skin the elite hair but they're not gonna leave you
marks like it like how and how and what about spiders well it could be a brown recluse it depends
on where you were a brown recluse yes spider that was a brown recluse in my room uh uh you don't
have a white recluse that was me no brown recluse if it turns into a volcano pussy looking thing in a week
no no it's it's going away it's not like you're out of your mind of volcanic pussy thing yeah
no these are going away there's like a bus series of little bites and there's one that's got a
scratch huh it's not a cockroach because that would be American australian or German cockroach
and they're not gonna bite you know i don't want to get bit by no German roach well no
k jesus christ they're not gonna leave marks on the other one there's like a little tattoo with
the number on it next to the abay when they might it thanks for the good news sir the phone sound
crappy and then lines are ringing and uh this thing is all screwed up and by the way that's still
on there what you're just hung up on this guy in four-letter he's it still says a one-of-four-letter
on the screen here so the phones are screwed up the speakers are screwed up welcome to five sixty
oh you few way and the Greg read f and way baby because as usual we're not ready to do this right
i don't really care i mean i'm having a good time myself i'll be having a good time we'll get
to buddy nevin's great letter be sure and call out buddy by the way because he don't listen to the
show he pretends and we don't want him being uh avid brought to his attention by some ojah
provocateur who lies a lot which i'm sure i know who that might be hang this up baby
london
I think the volume is full.
We have so good.
So your Santa's studio is not a piece of what you're just saying and you're just telling
me it sounds great.
Of course I could talk back to you during a break but the other guy may work in you
today.
I realize you know all things in due time, in time like Linda Blair said in time.
Do that again in time.
But you know we'll get there slowly but you know what is this we got two extra lines we
need extra lines on this show.
I think one line would be good enough for this show.
It's been the last couple of weeks what?
Now what are the two extra lines?
Seven and eight.
What are they?
They're there.
Oh we're going to have a call on line seven a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
You're our first caller ever on line seven sir.
Oh thanks.
Doesn't it make you feel like almost work living?
Sure.
Sure makes you feel validated as a human being.
And Neil I wanted to talk to about bugs.
Yes.
What's spiting you is called a spider mite.
A spider mite.
Yeah it's between a spider and a flea.
And what is that?
Okay what it does is the spider likes a scratch and then it likes to like drain your blood
like a vampire.
Yeah.
So that's the suck.
Yeah.
A roach, a roach seems like a mosquito but it depends what kind of roach every roach has
a different biology.
It has a different mileage.
Biology.
Biology.
Yeah.
How did you have to suck?
Yeah.
So the other guy was full of crap.
The ones that roaches don't bite?
No they they stay.
I mean bite at least they have teeth and will bite but I think they seem to have a
Now one of these little bites I mean this is pretty interesting.
One has got like two very specific you can see it like two little tiny tooth marks.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know about tooth mark but maybe sting might.
Well I mean they look like a little you know what I'm saying little prick if I can say
that.
Huh?
I don't know about that.
Do they look like two tiny little tooth marks?
Well they're pretty much related to fleas so maybe want to check your drugs.
No no maybe the hotels got fleas.
Maybe could not but usually hotels have spider mites.
I'm an exterminator and we go to hotels and believe me it's what we find.
Spider mites.
Excellence there.
God bless you.
Okay.
Now what do you do for those?
You have to spray your fruits?
You have to spray and make sure you use a watch correctly because sometimes they just change
the sheets.
I know she or maybe no changes.
That's what I said.
I look at my wrist and I said oh she haven't right day pal.
That's for the info.
There's a guy that knows his bugs.
Okay.
It's about time we got somebody knew something on this show spider mites huh?
I said mites remember?
Oh you said everything you do and he says ants mites and boxes.
If you were paying attention instead of sucking them out with your castellar back there
this guy just said they do bite.
That's what I said.
I don't know one of these little things here it's got like two you've had these.
Everybody's had these.
Sure.
They look like two little tooth marks.
Two little pin pricks.
I caught a Paul Meadow bug bite in the hell out of me once.
Paul Meadow bug.
He's been in the floor day long mister.
They're a cockroach.
Like those are the small.
How do you know how do you tell the difference between a Paul Meadow bug and a German cockroach?
Huh?
I know the German ones got a swastika on one.
I know.
Oh seriously how do you tell the difference?
See one good thing about the Irish.
I can't say too many good things about them because quite frankly they're not known for anything except the drunk.
But there's no Irish cockroach I bet.
Huh?
Who the hell would want to bite them anyway?
They're so damn pastey looking you know the Irish?
They really are.
They need to get out there in the sun.
You think the Scottish would have a little bit of color to them.
You know they invented golf.
They go out there and of course there's the problem is there is no sun up there.
It's real close to Amsterdam.
Have you ever been over there?
There is no sun.
Maybe like about two, three days a year there's like a little ball up in the sky.
Oh look that might be the sun.
That's it.
That's the last year you're going to see.
So the Irish, the British and the Scottish, we've decided they have contributed absolutely nothing to the human race.
Nothing.
What are you laughing about?
And don't you need a Shakespeare craft?
Can we read any Shakespeare lately?
No, I don't either.
Couldn't give a crap less about Shakespeare.
Here's a lady in Palm Beach.
How about you?
I'm not going to go to any of the shinos or bugs.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Great.
I'm actually not calling about bugs.
Good.
Thank God.
That's Serbia, guys.
Hot.
Isn't he something?
Oh my God.
Do you have a nickname?
What?
What?
What's the nickname?
Jesus Christ.
That's enough to make me start watching a lot now.
Oh, I'm telling you.
That's the only reason why I'm going to watch.
Yeah.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
He was good.
There was actually a parade in Irish parade in Del Rey.
Yeah.
Led by a drunken pig, which I guess is called.
I'm not kidding you.
I'm not kidding you.
That was Saturday.
You were asking about parades.
Yes, the way I went.
Yesterday it was yesterday.
Yesterday it was yesterday.
I had the big one in Toronto, right on Young Street downtown.
It just went on and on and on.
It was bizarre.
That's great.
Because I don't think there are any Irish people and oh yeah there that's right, but they're just as white in Canada right?
They're very pasty except for the Middle East and people and the Asian people a lot of Asians in Toronto a lot of Chinese
Yeah, I've noticed a lot a wonderful Chinese people in T.O. They kind of stop and then they don't leave
What do you mean? Well, I mean, I don't know it seems that they end up there and they don't ever leave it
But they population we don't want to believe that they're great people. They're wonderful. Oh, no, no
I don't mean anything drug it now and they're they're just there. They're really really good. They put your whole new slant on life
Yeah, that's true. Also that article you're talking about college retirees
That was in the Palm Beach post two days ago. Yeah, here's a story that's two days old that doesn't say anything
And it's the lead story in the upper right hand of this morning Sunsettle and I'm waiting to find out
Well, what does this mean are people moving back to Ann Arbor to East Lancia?
Nothing it doesn't say a goddamn thing is 300 old parts most of them from Florida moving to someplace in Virginia
Pathetic. That's that's our newspapers. Lastly Greg read a
Okay
Yeah, I second that emotion. Oh
Here's the goddamn Rangers winning it over time on look at a Christ. What's the matter with you Tommy Salo? Jesus Christ
You couldn't stop a watermelon mister
We got a major major major major about first just stays and stands for nothing bug problem
Yeah, see now you think that it's just me being selfish talking about all my ailments and all my little horrible life experiences
Joe Costello just came in here and I'm showing him my things in my bites, too
Any rules this leave up and he shows me his arm. He says oh well. This is the popped up in a shower this morning
Looks like a looks like a bat bite doesn't it looks like a vampire thing on his arm. That doesn't look like an insect
I would say intensive care
It looks really he's got like this big red thing and then he's got one on his arm, too
No, seriously, you're not this it's hurt
Yes, things a little bit, huh? See these are things that we all experience and we know nothing about them
And you wake up and you look at it. He just he just hope you don't die
Because just like that song says God made all this crap. He made all these things
And of course nobody ever questions those things because you're supposed to be a bunch of dummies
You'd never ask how come he made all of these things right like might like spider mites
What does a spider might do?
What constructive positive God damn thing does a spider might do, huh?
Besides bite our ass and in fact linens embedding and all kinds of crap like that absolutely nothing
But God invented it
Seriously the God the God people we need to get butterflies and take the God people and just take them all away somewhere like on bedlow's island would be good
When the big is there such a thing as bedlow's island anymore is that like Liberty Island? Is that what they changed their name to?
Isn't that where the statue of Liberty is is bedlow's island? I thought it was Liberty Island
But it used to be because you're not old enough to know see you think you know something the problem is you don't know anything because you're not old enough
Like all that crap you talk about history where you're here to see it. No, you read it somewhere
Means nothing. Yeah joke. You see his arm?
Yeah, vampire looks much worse than this. Sure Jesus Christ. I feel better now
Here's Miami. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
There's no wall is Arabic. Yes, well, he's over here. You know where he's from? No parents
Spain
From his spiny with a name like that that is correct his dad was right away of Warsaw correct
He's dad with one of the greatest Spanish tobacco plays ever. Oh my God. Yeah, he doesn't look Hispanic
No, no he's panic for Spain. He looks
You're a kid, huh? You're a kid. Oh, he'll look European. He looks like real Anglo like real Midwestern white bread
We agree go. Yeah, real exactly real gringo. Doesn't he? Yeah, a little bit good looking kid
Yeah, I do me a fail when you can't play my chocolate covered balls. Okay, take care
What do you mean my chocolate covered balls?
Sounds like something from a cook who's missed
Wally's your beacuse Polish by way of Spain and has chocolate covered balls. There you go
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line our topic today is spider mites
So anyway, buddy Nevin's who the real major rancel
We're in our brand new studios this morning everything is like upside down the inner comb doesn't work
I can't talk to George between and by the way the callers. Let's find out if they can hear George
On hold we'll find it as we go along
Now, why would you want them to get rid of that? That's one of the one of the few incentives we had for them to call so they can hear your potty mouth
You're in a commercial breaks here. What a really bigoted little prick you really are during the commercial breaks
So anyway open up a couple letters this morning
Here's one and the first thing I get out of it
It's got two pages out of new times. You know the best of thing that we're talking about on through the or Friday last week
And sure enough best radio personality neo-rodgers WQAM AM
Which you already know that I thought about somebody's being nice they're sending me this and then on the next page
Best daily newspaper columnist buddy Nevin Sun sent me oh my god
And it goes on I'm gonna waste my time reading this because it's such a joke
That was the sons of the new times to us by the way readers toys was Ray wreckie
How do you like that? So when the readers pick Ray wreckie over you and I mean Ray wreckie
Oh, you ever read his column?
Always writing about his kid and this kind of hearts and flowers. I mean real
Peroke you look kind of stuff you'd read in Batavia, New York, you know
So anyway then I see there's a letter in it with a son sent a letterhead and I'm thinking oh my god
It's another letter from my close best personal friend buddy Nevin's
Who of course pretend he that he'd like Tom jikki pretend he doesn't listen to the show buddy never
Yeah, the life you know that's what I hear
Dear mr. Rogers March 11 1999 dear mr. Rogers
It has come to my attention you are allowing callers to remain on air about my personal life
No, no have we ever had anybody?
Well, what do we we don't even know about his personal life in addition to which when somebody is that all I said was
He's disheveled and a putzen of piece of crap at an asshole which he is all of those he looks like he crawled out of a sewer
It's not talking about spider mites. He looks like a spider might
Now stop and think about that
Huh in other words if you were another spider he looks like a spider might look like
Huh real shit would that beard away anything about two feet. I was like a little munchkin
So we're not doing that but he goes on here comes the good part
Since he one note Charlie, you know, buddy. They got a name for people like you if I psych a Mark Benson that called us last week
You know who's a you know Henry burrows the self-appointed agent or whatever he is everybody over there at Wax
He says he's an asshole nevertheless one note Charlie by lingualism
Bapapapa you have the same thing you come back a hundred years from now
He'll still be screaming and writing or raving about by lingualism if he could but he won't be dead
The assured my sexual life involves two consulting adults
Now remember the last letter he wrote to me was the a little bit
See if you're gonna write a column if you're supposed to be a political
Maven the last thing you want to be is like kind of like borderline illiterate and not understand how to use the language buddy
Be assured my sexual life involves two consulting and I'm not consenting consulting adults enjoying one of those company
What does that mean?
First of all, we don't want to know about your sex life
Then it goes on to say it is never consistent of abusing myself while sitting in a lonely adult movie theater
Unlike some radio host I know have a wonderful day sincerely, but he never in political writer columnist on sentinel
Well first of all not being in the S&M. Let me just tell you this okay, but I have never abused myself in my life
Although I had now I take that back. I have read your column on occasion
Nor have I ever done anything even slightly tittle any in a lonely adult movie theater, okay?
But again here it always comes back to this like that radio
Pedophile ring like it was only a bunch of bags in Broward who wanted that domestic partnership board
It all keeps coming back to that over and over it doesn't it buddy
Huh, so now we understand whether with that big hysteria and all that makefully pedophile ring and all that all these things
Because that's where you're really coming from a
Little spider might bigoted piece of homophobic hysterical crap. We don't care about your personal life or about your
consulting and consulting adults
Enjoying a friend how anybody could enjoy your company meets the hell out of me
But have a nice and as far as have a wonderful day. I'm having a wonderful day buddy
I'll make it more today than you'll make all this month buddy. How do you like that must tear your kishkis out?
Know that an old queen like me is making all by the way to speak on old queens guess what book I picked up at the airport over the weekend on way up
Vulgar favors. Yes
Now can't can't you see can't you it's a mural. It's a mural. It's a montage of little tiny pictures
Look like you on there. Yes, my yeah vulgar fair flavors. It's about me
And Rokunan in asshole. This is Maureen orth
It's a brand new book just out. She's the wife of now. Do we say she's the wife of Tim Russell who's on me depressed?
Or do we say he's her husband?
Depending on he I don't like him at all. He's like real red faced. He's a real red-pushed
I don't like him at all in fact
That's one of the qualifications for being the host of me depressed
It's been on for a hundred years that show and every host has been
bizarre
Lawrence Spivak anybody out there will enough to remember Lawrence Spivak? No the first host of that show Bill Monroe
Who couldn't here was a guy was a host? He was like the buddy Nevin's a television. He couldn't speak
He was from New England. He had this real heavy boss an accent and he was there a topic today is a bastion
He couldn't say the word a bastion
It was kind of like that Bob Coosie speech impediment that he's got that wow he kind of like a Rick side of him and thing
Who would the other host of me depressed? Let's see a bill Monroe?
Lawrence Spivak
There's got to be one in between bill Monroe and this Tim Russell with a real red face
I always worry about guys with a real real red-push
And if their face is real red it makes me nervous too like I noticed Joe Costello had a red face
You know that too much son over the weekend probably after playing golf, which is why God made him wake up this morning with a big red
Scraps a big oh
This figure man looks that I would say amputation at the armpit
He could be like a male Venus Demilo
Huh kind of like the Bud Lynch of Miami. So anyway, I get this book vulva
Volva favors I've got any vulva favors by a Marine orthon
I'm reading it. I'm about two thirds of the way through it now
It is pretty interesting the only part of the problem since I'm not really into drugs at all
You might be more interested in this and the crystal meth which was what you had to connect and totally screwed up
I mean he was an asshole to begin with I totally
Self-absorbed pretentious he was kind of like him. How do how would I put it?
He was kind of like the Greg Reed of the gay underworld
Is that that would never be a good huh?
No sir if I in other words he told so many stories that he started to believe his own bolt
crap. Yeah
And like you like he used to talk to friends about how you Johnny Versace went out to this is long time ago in San Diego
But one is I mean you know if crystal meth I'm not into any of that now because the straight people call it crank and
Fags colored what?
What are they calling?
That can be yeah, but you should know this stuff. You're you know an expert you're Cuban
Cubans you know all about the fact stuff because the only crystal meth I know about it
So anyway, he was all screwed up on that and that's why he went over the edge and he was fat not a shape
And he was a piece of crap is what he was but anyway, you know this this let me just say it this from reading this book so far
The only one of the five people he murdered that he hadn't met or didn't know before was the caretaker in the
Cemetery up in Jersey who's pickup trucking you to escape when he found out they were on to was they were tracking the a cell phone
In the carry store from Lee Migglin in Chicago and guess what?
When he went to Minneapolis for that last fatal trip where he coals two close personal friends Jeff Trail and David
Whatever that fact name was he was telling them that he would have been in Chicago and
Was being kept at that time being kept since he was used to being kept all his life by a big real estate mogul
Which Lee Migglin just happened to be in addition to which early in a book it talks about the home shopping network?
And about how many of the top executives of home shopping that work were used to a picking up
Using the services of all these male escorts
Now wasn't home shopping network once owned by a good close personal friend buddy bud. Uh-huh. Paxon
This was in the early 90s
Huh very interesting stuff that kind of like all ties together in there
Anyway, it's not a bad book kill some good time on a plane 10th and you know if I have to get on one more plane
This is the second time in about two or three weeks that this has happened to me
Everything's ready to rock and roll people are on the plane all of a sudden the captain comes on well
We had a little bit of a problem. We got two people not on a plane yet and now we they have to take their luggage off
We shall take about 15 to 20 minutes
First they made a mistake on putting on the computerized boarding cards
They put instead of 705 that the flight was leading at 730. It wasn't late. It was just a mistake
So once they put that on there
They can't leave the 730 because they're assuming people are so stupid
They want you up to the left see if they put on there. We're leaving at 730.05
It's just to make you there are some of you assholes that will show up at 730.04 four seconds after I don't know why that is
I'm a compulsively early person. There are some people out there who are compulsively late
I mean doesn't the make sense if you're gonna be leaving at 730. They're gonna be boarding 20 30 minutes before you get there
That makes sense. So anyway the law is never dawned on me until last night the law is that if somebody doesn't show
They have to take the luggage off. Why do they have to take the luggage off? Well, guess what?
What better way to do something? I don't want to say blow up the plane. I don't want to say that
Then you know check in some luggage and then just kind of wander out of the airport luggage winds up under plane and then
Got a bit, you know
I think what they should do is say actually what we're gonna do is we're gonna postpone the flight for three hours
We're gonna scour the airport find these two people and let all you people that are sitting on a plane right now
Or being inconvenienced by them beat the crap out of these people
Don't take any bulls**t on them
He
Oh, I think it's time to get you guys to get stitches there, Scott.
You knew it, and why don't I have the key?
I don't know if I can get two Campbell soup cans up there, huh?
Maybe that would sound better than that.
Okay, look at that phone.
We got it.
One hour we made it today in our new studio.
Ah!
The phone is dead.
We got the ankle version from Shula's at two.
We got boot shopping at six.
It was just growing into his job, and then we got it capped on at 10.
5667-0560, we added two more phone lines because we knew that in the new studio today,
there would be this from what you're laughing about, this tremendous rush of call.
And there's not a call on the board.
5667-0560, 0.563 on the AT&T wireless line.
Knock me over with a goddamn fethedust.
Look at that.
Maybe it's not working anymore.
See, that's the one thing in here.
There's really a no way to tell.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
George?
Speaking.
I just support an information on National Public Radio.
Yeah.
At 11 o'clock this hour, the author of the book that Neal was talking about.
Owing, orth?
Yes, she's on National Public Radio discussing a book.
She was just on Larry King.
Well, she's on right now.
Right.
If you're interested.
Yeah, well, what are we going to do?
Just turn a show off and turn that on?
No, no, no.
Well, that's an idea.
I mean, the way this phone is going, I might as well just do that.
Let's start.
Let's just put that on the ear.
Yeah, you might be, for a while.
It might be pretty interesting.
Okay, George.
Have you read the book?
No.
No.
Why not?
Well, you don't care about that.
Do you have a book?
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
It was pretty interesting.
It happened right here.
You know, a lot of it happened right here.
It's George.
Yeah.
I'm not reading because I can't see.
I'm blind.
Oh, well, well, maybe somebody can read it to you.
Well, it'd be nice.
There you go.
I'll send you a little over.
He's got a lot of time on his name.
I'll read it to you.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks.
Well, that was depressing.
I mean, what do you say about that?
What's the comeback for that?
It makes me feel like about that tall, like Buddy Nevin, like a little midget.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It all happened.
Of course, how many times have we all driven right by?
I don't think it's there anymore.
Is it the blue houseboat?
The blue houseboat?
Huh?
It sank and was dismantled.
Remember?
And what about that little spick, by the way, the caretaker?
He's still selling the pillows.
He pulled out the feathers from the pillow.
He's selling them one at a time.
Yeah, he's tickling his bank account with it.
Huh?
His story changed so many goddamn times.
But unfortunately, the police, the FBI, they were just a little bit slow on the uptake on that.
First of all, he saw him.
The first thing is he saw him and he recognized him.
Remember that?
That was in the afternoon on that day.
Then later on, the story changed.
He heard a gunshot upstairs and he ran out and called police.
Well, if he heard the gunshot upstairs, which is where Conan and his body was found in a bed up there,
and he ran out, how the hell did he see him?
Did he really see him?
No.
No.
And of course, then there are always those people wondering about how maybe this guy was like, you know, maybe he heard about that reward money.
He'd been helping him out, bringing them some food, bringing them some chips and dips and stuff like that, some guacamole.
And then they said, hey, there's a good, because boy, did he milk that?
Did he squeeze that for every dime?
He could get out of it and they sent him up to New York and he was on all the other guy, damn talking head shows.
And he still can't speak English.
Call up Mark Benson, tell him about it.
Here's a Tamarack. Hello.
Is this the Royal Reggae?
See.
No, it's not. It's that Neil guy.
I know I talked to him.
Oh, okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, okay, Julio.
By the way, how was Kai Ocho?
Anybody in the audience go to Kai Ocho?
No.
Did George go?
No.
Did I go?
No.
I was out of town.
I had to go to see if the fact that's why I went out of town.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're talking about spider mites today for Christ's sake.
This is an important topic.
You people out there, you might wake up tomorrow morning and find out you're a whole body distinguished from spider mites.
What are we going to do about it?
What now are they?
What are these two little pricks that I got on my wrist?
What's that big red gash on Joe Costello's arm?
Jesus, that looks really nasty.
Did this?
He said he's in the shower this morning.
He noticed it.
There's a big thing on his arm.
Here's a mobile in Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Morning.
I just wanted to talk about the thing with the satellite dish.
I took off my CBS and...
Yeah, but didn't you do the other day?
They said now till December 31st, you got to be brief.
Well, they said, I don't know if you got a letter in the mail where they had already typed up letters to send to TV stations and my congressman and all that.
No, I didn't get that.
Yeah, I got that in the mail.
The other thing that I got was the original one saying, from Superstar Connection saying, we're very sorry, but as a section such a date, say goodbye to CBS and Fox.
And guess what?
As a section such a date, they went say goodbye.
But now we got...
Now the congress...
And I don't understand this, Dealer.
They're making them put it back till December 31st.
And why...
What does that mean?
And then after that, we're going to lose it again anyway.
You know, I got this letter and...
If I can, I get a chance I'll facture the letters to you.
So you can read the letters.
They typed them up for me and addressed them to the station manager at Fox here locally, in the mail 7 and for CBS.
But my thinking is, is I have a feeling of why they did that.
And that's because, you know, I don't...
They don't bitch about ABC or NBC because they don't carry NFL anymore.
So I think that's what it is.
No, that's all about.
I think that's what it is that the NFL is behind it because like in the afternoon when I had my CVS, it was a game on it and won.
Well, do you subscribe to the NFL package?
No.
Well, I do.
Then I had a call up and say, hey, I'm buying the package.
So I'm paying for all those games. So giving my guy to MCDS and FoxPak, you idiots.
Right. Well, see the thing is, it's like they say you could sit on...
I'm gonna see the ticket of a dolphin, so I'm already at the game.
Yeah.
And second of all, you know, when they're away, I get it on my local, but it's real fuzzy because I have a big screen TV.
It's a pain in the ass.
And second of all...
What word do you live?
I live until my parents.
And you get a fuzzy reception?
Yeah, on all my patients.
On my big screen TV.
Yeah.
You know, if I have a little problem...
You know, we thought you see a small dish, right?
Yeah, I had a small dish.
And if I plug in like a small 13 inch, I can get the rabbit ears.
I can get it in somewhat better.
But I want to fit my living room and watch them on the big screen.
So, you know, they say you can have...
You can watch up to 13 games a week.
Well, really, you can only watch one at a time.
What's your future for that?
Oh, no.
No.
If you learn to a channel surf like that, you can watch six different games at one time.
If you learn how to push that thing real quick in a book too.
And you never miss a play.
I'm not a professional surfers.
Yeah, I am.
So, I...
That's what...
The thing with sports is there's too much lag time in between.
So, even a hockey game, you know, we go to one of those long ponders, two minute time.
I'm watching another game for two minutes.
And then I've trained myself so that I very rarely miss anything.
I'm back just in time for the next face-off.
I don't miss a goddamn thing.
Well, you're good.
When you're going to have a class on that.
Friday at two.
You'll have a good one.
Good luck to you, pal.
Bye.
Okay, boy, this is a real kick in the teeth as usual.
Look at that one call on the board.
We got...
We've got 45 lines now.
Even Andrew Kudan never did that many.
We're talking about Crystal meth.
We're talking about goddamn spider mites.
We're talking about a million things here today.
All kinds of all these things.
And these people...
We're talking about Wally that pull out from Spain.
That from University of Miami.
Of Ohio.
Right.
That didn't get beat by Purdue, by the way.
Nice going on a good year, by the way, Lamar.
Look who just popped his head in the door.
Raw!
Now we're going to have to see him all the time too.
I don't mind seeing Roy, but that...
Oh, God.
I look up there before.
Thank you, boy, it was a waddling in the doorway.
He was taking up the doorway.
I have juice stopped right now.
Are you young?
Are you beautiful?
Are you a girl?
If you answered yes to these three questions,
then you could be set up for life.
In fact, you might as well drop out of school right now
because there's some great jobs out there
that are just waiting for you to fill them.
So if you think you'd like to make great money,
hang out with cool people, and you like sex,
or at least don't mind it all that much,
the Pornow Industry needs you.
That's right.
The Pornow Industry is looking for young, beautiful girls
who are failing out of school and falling out of their bras.
It's a great gig.
All I have to do is lay there and let whoever do whatever.
I don't even have to speak.
They just overdubbed me molding later.
The Pornow Industry wants you,
and for all early applicants,
a career supply of ice packs and facial soap
will be supplied free of charge.
Call today.
Just what?
11, 15, and 5, 15, and 15.
By the way, Enrique Fernandez,
not Enrique Iglesias,
but Enrique Fernandez,
that steals a whole column of the egg in.
You know, you people with the Sun Sentinel especially,
once in a while out there,
but usually the Sun Sentinel,
that steal my material,
even Michael Russo,
in the Sun Sentinel,
writes a thing today about the Panthe game Saturday,
which I've had no qualms about that.
By the way, I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm something there.
Other than that guy was trying to give away his ticket outside the arena.
Michael Russo writes,
he starts out by saying,
oh, the Pantheers must have been listening to Aerosmith
and living on the edge in that tap again.
Yeah, right.
I wonder where he got that from?
Enrique Fernandez,
opposing opinion is not allowed,
and then he has, after allowed,
with two LZWED,
ALOUD.
Enrique goes on to say,
the same thing I've been saying for a couple of years,
that in this community,
unfortunately,
because of the Strideon,
right wing,
old Cuban assholes,
who don't understand freedom of speech,
unless it's a,
basically that's what it's all about.
As long as it's something they like,
you can say it,
other than that,
off with your head.
Nice going, Enrique,
but I've been saying the same damn thing for a hundred years,
and nobody cares except Mark Benson.
But it's like this cool-and-and-thing.
I remember I'm an off-year for seven months.
All of the amazing things that happen in those seven months that I was off-year,
like the Diana thing.
Not that that was so amazing that somebody gets killed in the car crash,
it happens every day,
but the way that the media manipulated all of the world,
like this was such a big thing.
Everybody in their brother-in-law
was hanging on every last thing about that,
and then the Kuhnannon business,
and Gianni Versace.
Huh?
Don't you ever freaky in Gianni?
Right here in town,
right over there.
I mean, don't you people ever leave the house,
haven't you ever driven on Collins Avenue,
past where those houseboats are,
right there under God damn water,
right under the intercostal?
Have you ever done it?
No.
Have you ever seen that the blue houseboat before it sank?
No.
A million times you've seen that damn thing.
Come back on here after your seven month hiatus,
I go through the whole rundown of all these things that happen.
All the things that I have to say about it,
there was never any response about any of that.
So what the hell am I talking about this book for?
What's the point,
unless you want to go out and read it for yourself?
It's like this story,
I clipped out of the paper this morning,
I took brought this up.
Again, people are calling you or Jorj off the ear
because they don't want their voices on you,
which I can understand it.
And the rest of the public,
they got nothing to say about this either.
This is the town where nobody basically has got anything to say about anything.
Sixth Club members ordered into court.
Many of the 24 patrons of a four-lotter-deal swingers club
were arrested in the raid last month.
They've been ordered to appear in court to answer loodness charges.
Alan Mastau,
a co-owner of the Trapeze 2 Club said most of the patrons do not attend
except enough from the state attorney of partial pre-trial intervention,
which would obligate them to three months probation and community service
and return for a guilty plea.
For a guilty plea.
How do you like that?
Not a no or contendery,
but a guilty plea.
Now wait till you hear this,
speaking of newspaper columnists.
Anyway, Mastau says,
as far as I'm concerned,
I don't want them to do a minute of community service.
The bottom line is we didn't do anything wrong.
We were a private club,
the state of Florida and the private county issued this licenses.
They knew we were a private club.
But Ron Ishoy,
a spokesman for the state attorney.
Yeah!
How do you like that?
How does that work?
Wow, huh?
Look at all these different people over the years.
Like, Cory Zawato,
she used to be a news broad,
little news young,
whatever she was on,
double just news years ago.
All of a sudden,
she's like a spokesman
for somebody there at the Metro Dade.
Then we had our good friend,
Juan Mendietta,
one ton tomato there.
Remember?
How could we forget?
Good guy.
He used to be in our news department.
Then he was over Channel 7,
about a week and a half,
until Brian Andrews got brought and chased him around the hallway.
He got out of there.
And now all of a sudden,
he's a spokesman for a Dade Damed Metro.
He was standing there next to Mayor Penis today.
They were standing all the having a big circle.
You're in a circle.
There's, in fact,
he introduced him.
Here's Juan Mendietta.
Juan, may I remember?
We remember Juan.
And now Ron Ishroy,
who used to be,
and by the way,
speaking in a comments
who hate me like poison,
he makes bloody never look like a piker by comparison.
Ron Ishroy is the one
he used to go around
like to local college
abroad casting,
you want to be?
Oh, that near Rogers.
He doesn't belong on the air.
And if it's the last damn thing I do,
I'm going to get him off the air.
Because he's disgusting.
That would what?
What was that 20 years ago, Ron?
Uh-huh.
Still on the air.
Is he still writing for the hero?
No.
No.
He's a spokesman for the state attorney,
and state his office believes
it can win convictions.
Lootness is a class
two-month-to-meanor
that carries a penalty of 60 days in jail,
and a $500 fine.
And it goes on.
And it goes on.
And it goes on.
And it's said,
or it's said, or it's said, or it's so on.
A patron who has to be identified as Jack.
Said an additional misdemeanor charge
of remaining in a place
where Loot purposes
was added to the charges
against him and his wife.
He said he understood
from friends that the additional charge
was also filed against other defendants.
Jack and his wife were among nine married couples
charged with Loot behavior
for having sex with their spouses at the club.
Now, keep...
Okay, I want you to keep your ears focused on the words, okay?
They were among nine married couples charged
with having...
with Loot behavior
for having sex with their spouses at the club.
The detectives posed his couples
and paid the $50-a-combo membership fee
and the $70.5-dollar-dour charge
to get it in trapeze two
on a Saturday night the rate occurred.
A couple identified the charges.
Another patron who called herself Gene
said she intends to plead not guilty
because my sex life is my business at Gene
and the government should butt out of it.
Americans are guaranteed
the right of life liberty
to pursue the happy news.
She said we've got a hick share of here
who should know that and amen to that.
Can Jenny or an asshole, man?
And it goes on.
It says since the tales
of the arrested trapeze two
were made public
and additional 50 people
had taken out membership.
Trapeze two said it has
6,000 members or a head
at the time of the rate.
6,000 members.
Paying money at the private club.
They go in there.
They do whoever they want,
whatever they want.
That's it.
Behind closed doors.
No minors.
Nothing going on outside.
No drugs outside.
No prostitution.
No problem.
So it would then make them happy
when they try to get all the,
you know, the slum machines
off the cruise ship.
That didn't work out too good.
So what's the next thing, Ken Jennings?
It's always this
when guys are trying to make a name
for themselves when they've got
higher aspirations politically.
This is the kind of
goody two shoes horse crash.
Because they're always
lucky and involved in it.
Always.
Because where they are pealing to,
they're pealing with the people
of Voting Broward County,
all over the age of 100.
Oh, yes. That's disgusting.
Right. Those are the people.
Here's North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Niii.
Yes.
You missed the abortion
by Robbie Needhamar Saturday night.
Yeah, I read about it.
That's the Nistimtian effort.
About two missed opportunities.
One on the empty net from eight feet away.
Boy.
Uh-huh.
Boy.
He did score a goal.
But let's just say when he
bent out to three stars and he was
number two, he was, uh,
soundly boot.
Great. He, that's the second
given rose.
And I was one of the loudest.
Sean Berkheim,
I understand another great job.
What I've been talking about, Sean Berkheim.
Oh!
And I had a little four-year-old kid
next to me behind the type of a net.
He said, hey, look, dad.
It's Charles Schwab.
You said a
Corey Schwab?
Oh, Charles Schwab, yeah, huh?
Yeah, you know.
I'm a little bit slow today, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Uh, by the way, I had to awful.
That's the only reason, by the way,
there was only one nothing instead of 10,
because Rantford only played for about 10 seconds
there when I'd late in the game.
Well, the other reason was because
we had Billy Lindsay and Kirk Maw on the power play.
Oh, there you go.
I had to go on TM.
I'm out of material.
Thanks.
Okay, so others, I missed a really boring game.
Nice going, Neil.
Good choice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 502 calls on his board.
We've got what?
162 lines.
We were prepared for you today.
Sparing no expense.
New microphone, which we can't use, by the way,
because it sounds real tinny and real bad.
We put it back in a box.
You know, it looked like it was made from aluminum, that mic.
It looked like a real piece of turd.
It was shiny.
Shiny and exciting, but we're sounding like crap.
I mean, you know, how about some cinnis in microphones?
How about some real equipment?
Oh, George tells me it sounds never has,
in the history of this show,
is it sounded so great on the air, which is what we know.
These calls, not, huh?
At least in this room, it sounds great.
And then they said on the air, it sounds fantastic.
The calls continue to suck, as in almost none.
I mean, what the hell did I come back here for?
I couldn't stay up there and gotten more bed bugs.
What's, you know, and I'm sure if I would have stayed
a couple more days, I might spider mites, baby.
Look it up in the dictionary.
Get with the program.
Learn something.
Find out something about real life.
Forget about the God-Vulcraft.
There is no God, but there are spider mites.
Call over to players.
What?
Could be triggers.
There was no triggers in that hotel.
Why do you think I stayed there?
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello?
Yeah, hi.
Just some of the help, maybe.
Yes, sir.
Why are you bad here?
How are you today?
Okay.
Yeah, I don't want to go on record as saying these swing club raids
are just a big pile of steaming crap.
We were at Trappys, Saturday night.
Yeah.
The crowd is having a prover?
Let's see.
The crowd are trapped here.
Maybe half of what it normally would be.
Yeah.
And I can get a checklist.
That's the idea.
Put these places out of business by going in there,
and they're raiding the hell out of them.
Hey, look at us.
We closed up in pervert place.
Ridiculous.
Yeah.
But anyway, that's not really what I called about.
What did you call about?
You didn't happen to catch our group scene on 9 this morning.
No.
No, I didn't see that.
It was a repete.
I saw two seconds.
He said, it's been recoritally recorded.
And I slipped it right off.
Yeah.
The main reason I called was what you had mentioned on that.
You were talking about me depressed this morning,
which was interesting.
No, it was not.
Oh, you were?
Nothing I've talked to about this morning was interesting,
because there's nobody hardly calling here.
Well, I know what's one day,
and I know George Kildishore would last 20 minutes
or on Friday for about a month.
But what I saw was, I always liked when George Kildishore
was in, but that was really.
I keep eating with an erector sitting in his bedroom,
like playing radio.
Go ahead.
You have to hear what's in it or you're moving.
You can't hear that.
I don't know.
It was astonishing.
The Senator Luger was on meat to press,
along with another Senator whose last name happened to be Dick's.
He what?
So Senator Luger and Senator Dick's.
But you just say, Senator what?
Senator Dick's.
Senator Dick's.
Right.
Yeah.
Senator Dick's.
And another Senator's name happens to be Cox, the OX.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Here's Toronto.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How's it going, eh?
Hey, hey, hey, it's going real good.
You're up here this weekend?
Yes, sir.
I was up there for the Irish here for the big parade yesterday.
Yeah, you hate the Irish.
Come on.
Love the Irish.
No, they don't have to drink.
Most of the Irish in Toronto look Chinese though.
I know this.
Well, we have a lot of Chinese.
We have a lot of everything up here.
Yeah, everybody's kind of like mixed.
That's why I like Toronto.
Everybody's got a little bit of this, a little bit of that in them.
Well, I wanted to talk to you.
The Irish have a lot of that in them.
Yeah, I can't wait to go out on Wednesday and get Trump.
Yeah, I'm not Irish.
Yeah.
So, I want to talk about bites.
Yeah, where was this hotel that you're staying at?
I'm not going to mention it because then I'll get sued.
I don't want to do that.
Well, he was in the downtown North America.
Yeah, it's a very well-known, a very, you know,
and I stay there all the time.
It's a great hotel.
But, you know, I'm like my right arm looks like I had in the meat grinder.
It's bad.
Well, I'm back for the city and our mayor.
We apologize.
Oh, yeah, you're mayor.
Maybe you know something, maybe the mayor was the one that bit me, you know,
because he's got a squirrely anyway.
He's bizarre.
Have you seen, he's a piece of work.
I say go to Mel is what I say.
In fact, every time I pick up the Toronto newspapers, the son, the globe says go to Mel on the front.
Yeah, that's why he's, you know, he's not much, but he's all we've got.
He's bizarre.
Yeah, he's a piece of work.
Yeah, so I just...
Maybe he leaves consent about being, maybe he can play defense.
Oh, how about them leaves?
Yeah, kind of a coma operation or a Saturday.
Oh, you know, I'm telling you, if they don't get their act together,
they're going to be a first round blow.
Oh, they'll be all right there.
They're going through.
Everybody's got to have their swoon.
They're doing it just the right time.
We still got 15 games to get the bugs airing out of I can say that.
We'll be all right.
Well, hopefully, but I...
I mean, I saw him.
I want to tell you, I was standing at, you know, how they have the street meet.
You know, they're good and nice and tight and sausage out on the street.
I was out there on Young Street getting an Italian sausage, and it was the middle of the first period.
The guy at the sausage stand head of the game on.
He had Joe Bowen blasted out there.
I'm going to tell you, Joe Bowen is so goddamn good.
It just gave me goosebumps standing listening to about two minutes of the game.
I'm waiting for my weenie.
Seriously, Joe Bowen is God.
Well, he's doing a lot more now.
He's God.
He's doing the television shows up here, and he's also doing the radio broadcast.
He's doing the radio broadcast.
Joe Bowen is the second coming of Christ.
Tony, loves you too.
There you go.
Okay, have a great day.
Thank you.
Okay.
Calls from Toronto.
We can't get any down here, but they're calling from Toronto.
Oh, I'm a real city with real God damn living and breathing people.
Not a bunch of dead heads.
God.
What was that?
That was my fault.
Oh, my God.
Hey, we don't have time to play the bit anyway.
It's because I went to I was rambling there too along with that, that, that, that come from Toronto, eh?
27.0.0.
I'm going to get this spot and that's the only reason we're here.
Thank God.
It's making a difference until we get calls or not.
If I got paid by the call, I'd be in the soup line right now.
I'd be out of the soup.
I'd be at Committal's house as I speak.
If I got paid by the call.
WQAM.
Yes, I want to talk to Neil about to the spring areas club.
Speaking.
This is Neil.
I picked up call because I guess the line isn't the phone is all screwed up here.
Oh, I was on call for a while and I called back.
Right.
I was going to tell you I wanted to know where these things are.
I wanted to tell my boss to go there.
Yeah.
This is a comeback.
He's a pig.
Yeah.
I'm employing of his and he's asking me to do him some of his sexual favor.
So I was going to tell him that him and his wife should go there.
Yes, so why don't you get you a good lawyer?
Sounds like a great sexual harassment suit to me.
I'll split it with you.
I know.
I've got to get him on tape first.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, work on it and call us back.
What the hell is she talking about?
Oh, so why am I getting back to Greg Reed?
Since I think there might be an interesting segue from that call.
I'm going to tell him this one.
But getting back to him, I was thinking coming to work this morning about different people
I've worked for.
Most of whom in this business they have been disappointing.
The only two people I would say who did not disappoint were Dick Casper and Gary Lawrence.
And people that Gary Lawrence.
Yeah, that's right.
Gary Lawrence was a pretty good guy.
Got screwed over by the Gannett people over there.
He used to own INZ and Zeta.
But he was a pretty good guy.
Didn't disappoint.
In other words, he stood by all the way until they can't his ass, which I think that's why they did can't his ass.
And Dick Casper, of course, was a radio.
He was like a real radio person.
He really knew something about the business.
Now, and I was thinking also compared like about, you know, how frumpy Greg always looks like this morning.
Frumpy or then usual.
Wouldn't you agree?
He looked like really Georgia's nodding his head.
He don't want to say nothing because he's still waiting for that $200 for the employer of the month.
Did he get it yet?
No.
No, no, no, no.
He didn't get it yet.
But at any rate, I'm thinking like Bob Green.
Bob Green was not a great dresser.
No, not a snappy.
Even with a tuxedo on, he was still a slob.
But there was just something different about the way he carried himself.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, when you sat down and you talked to Bob Green, even though we had our differences, believe me, especially there at the end after Pax and Baltha Station,
did we really hear, you know, I had some serious problems.
But generally speaking, about 80% of the time, when you sat down and you talked to the guy, he didn't scratch his head and look down at the floor and said,
if you walked in and said, hey Bob, it's a nice day today.
He didn't say, oh, you're quitting.
If I went into Greg's office down the hall here now, there were almost same floor, one big happy family.
I said, God, what a beautiful day of turning into after that rain this morning.
He'd say, gee, you're quitting.
Yeah, that's what he would say.
I mean, just, I don't know, maybe the reason he keeps scratching that hole there is he's trying to find, you know, whatever used to be in there.
Maybe that's what it is.
Because I know what I was coming to work this morning.
I thought, God, it is so embarrassing when I think about the fact that he's my boss.
I mean, the money I'll take, the money's great.
Radies are great. We're kicking ass.
We've got this new studio up here on the third floor now.
Like we actually, which we like to bet around the second, by the way, but nevertheless.
But I'm embarrassed that I work for this man because you just look at him and you think, he and then you start talking to him and then you really got a problem, you know.
Like say something that might be meaningful, something that might relate to like the business, to the show, to the station, to like our lives, something.
Can't do it.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking.
Where is this article about trapezoid? It's in the Harold, I presume.
It's in the Harold on page on a second page of the book. You're probably, are you in date?
No, I'm in Brown. We get the sunset, no.
No, no, but if you get the Broward edition of the hero that's in a Broward section on page two.
Well, now I have an excuse to buy a copy of the hell, which I think is something.
Sex Club members ordered into court by Paul Brinkley Rogers, my brother-in-law.
Yeah.
Funny. Anyway, I have one more bit and then I have here.
There's about this. Nobody's got any comment about this.
Except for all the closeted people who call George Offeer and are terrified that their voices will be recognized if they call me on here.
They're the ones that are scared crap us because this is the kind of fascism that goes on in Broward County.
I agree with you.
And I'll bet your buddy Nevin is real happy to see it too, by the way.
Well, I'm an ACL unit. I agree with you. I mean, by the way, do what you remind me of something.
Who is that with the door? Who was that?
I was Robert. You could say Robert's probably that newspaper on Friday.
Oh, Robert, that clipped out all the gay clubs from the New Times, yeah. That's the one.
Yeah, go ahead, sir.
Which reminds me, Neal. I was at the ACLU meeting a couple weeks ago.
Yeah. There was a mention of your attorney, Norm Kahn, to understand a fairly ill.
Now, he's back home. He's doing better.
So I guess I should tell Norm Kahn that I wish he'd feel better. He's a mesh.
He's done a lot of goodness in this community speaking of what we're talking about.
That's right. Standing up for all our scumbags like you and me, right?
Them straight. Okay. One more thing. It's probably the 30th birthday. You know what? He's got one name. Who doesn't have a member, too?
Okay. I have a great day. Yeah. There's another example of hype, baby. One of the ugliest ones.
I mean, who would you rather do? Wally World, the basketball player from U of M, Ohio, or Fabio?
I mean, I could understand Rosie O'Donnell having a matter of show because who the hell would do that, Mike? Oh, my God.
Is that, you know, something that knits the thing with straight guys?
I bet you there are straight people. All thanks to some time with the worst taste. I bet you there are guys in this audience that would do Rosie O'Donnell, aren't there? No. One.
No. Anybody? How about spider mites? Would they touch her? No. No. She'd be safe. Yeah. I got a great hotel for you. Toronto next time, Rosie. You're safe.
62 open lines in data. I want to see one time. Okay. Because this is very this tears my guts out. Do you believe me? No. Well, sounds good.
What are you eating? I thought we were going to get a little lunch today to celebrate our new studios. Oh, I didn't know. Because there's no food in the studio. By the way, that's what Maddie the food Nazi says.
Wait till they come marching down the hall over there with the food. Can't wait to see that little mingid. See, we got too many short people with attitudes in this place.
Too many little tiny, shrimpy, short people. Maybe buddy Nevin could join your club. The short, shrimpy people with a real nasty attitude.
What do we want today? Let's have somebody inaugurate our new thing here. Chuck's trying to be good today. Okay. Let's do some meatballs and stuff. Okay. And not 42 pounds of it. And no sauce in there. Either. All right. You know the way I like it. She was gone that day.
Damn it. Don't be leaving no more. Nesey. We're in big trouble. That's okay. So anyway, 20 before. No, seriously. I mean, what's the point? What is the guy at the end point? And what are we going to light up the first doggy in here too? By the way.
Oh. You told them you wouldn't. I wouldn't want. And you believe that. I didn't say smoke it. They said no smoking that doesn't mean we can't light it up. Just sit in the ass tray. Let's build a bonfire in the form. In fact, why don't we just get like some portable lips?
We'll get Stephanie to come over here from whammy. Huh? No, we're just getting her lips. And she can keep sucking on it on the cigar to keep the smoke going all day. And we say, hey, we're not smoking an air.
Right? That's the way Greg Reed would do it. He tells you a lie. And then he, oh, yeah, lie, you know, or like, screw in. Just pretend he never said it in the first place. That's her modus operandi.
What a surprise, by the way, that she should be such a fabricator since she and Greg are like two pods in your house. I almost forgot you. He made you in his dead.
Oh, his name. If I'm going to suck out something, it's not going to be an oyster.
Oh, right.
I love a lover.
Oh.
Oh, it's love 47 or 5550.
Can you come stand the same or how is it? How does that go? He was just in here. Promotions man. I mean, we saw fat boy this morning.
Sam and Shan, we're going to go through this every day because I'm going to go back on the second floor. Not that we don't like seeing you, Sam, but don't make it happen.
Now, what is that? What just happened there? Can you explain to me what is going on with this phone? Please, I don't know who you're talking to.
But what is going on with this? I looked up for like one second. We had about five people sitting there waiting patiently for about like not very long and all of a sudden they just vanished.
And I got one call on the board. I'm going home. You know, for this, I don't need to get out of bed. I could have stayed home and let all my bug bites heal up.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. There's something with this. So didn't you just see that? I saw it and and it's what goes on all the time. They hang up not like that. They just got on there. You just put four people on there. Yeah. And they do it all day.
There's a mobile in North Miami Beach before they hang up. We must be loyal.
They'll stand. And you were great last night. Lonely 50. Yeah, Woody. How do you like that? You know Woody? He's an asshole. How pathetic. How sad? How tragic? That's what we got in our brain. Welcome to Neil Begs for calls this new studio. Yeah.
This is a lot more saying that Neil Begs for calls downstairs on a second floor in his old studio. We got 238 lines waiting on you right now. These people are going to know material today.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 to the world of life.
I'm going to play. I don't know what it is. Or something wrong with our eyes. See? You know what? Little did I know how how how precious I was when I came here 23 years ago. And I said that first week. This is an outdoor funeral.
Of course, at that time I was on KAT over on the beach talking to people over the age of 100 old Jews. Little did I realize then here I am 23 years later. You know what? It's thrown out your funeral. The only difference is people of all ages now are dead. The young, the old and between illegal aliens. Whatever they are.
Here's a mobile in Miami on line seven. Hello. How you doing? New okay, sir? I had to give you a call. I just came back in town for a week.
I live out in Texas now. And let me tell you moving out there was a brother for a share from this place. Yeah. What that is.
I was watching something on like a me. I don't remember what channel it was was something on table about two little girls who got shot in Miami.
And when the credit to the show was running they had you on the TV talking about guns and all this stuff. I was shocked. And then there in Texas watching Neil.
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I
I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I was shocked. I want to look at it a module. What would happen today?
This could happen. What would happen today? This 2 is real miracle. This A1 bilion bin with an 801 bilion bin with two
Maybe it's four Myers, maybe it's the four Myers line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're waiting recklessly for Line 8 to ring.
The moment it rings, it's going to be one of the most exciting moments in the history of this radio station.
Even Joey Reynolds will be impressed.
Is it ringing?
No.
Line 6 just went out.
I don't want to start sounding suspicious.
Like I believe that there could be a few glitches in this.
Like I can't talk on the intercom to George.
And like the fact that the speaker sounded like a crazgies through a mob.
When he went out of business, he threw him out in the dumpster.
Line 8.
I bet your line 8 doesn't even work.
I bet you it's a scam.
I mean, there's a dial tone on it.
But I bet you're incoming.
It doesn't even work.
Maybe it doesn't roll over to it like it's supposed to.
Why not?
The audience who did it today, they rolled over.
Maybe they're waiting for those goddamn spider bites.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Mobile and sunrise.
All right.
Sorry.
No need to talk.
The other I have seen.
Neil's been about eight years in my last call.
Yeah.
I just wanted to find out if there's an award to be given to Don King for screwing everybody.
So royally after the fight, the first thing he said, well, we'll have a read.
Imagine about the call up call up one of the sports.
I was going to talk to him about that crap.
Okay.
So no interest there.
Okay.
After the fight.
See, this is what America's all even on the even on the nightly newscast.
Now I notice they're talking about the fight as if it's a night as if Don King and Evander Holyfield has got 127 children by 238 different women.
Is this rational people should be either spending money to watch this crap or to be talking about it.
I think the answer clearly is no.
They should not.
You know something that's going to be real nice playing music the rest of the day.
Hank Goldberg over here from Shulestay to a two o'clock.
He'll have a lot of calls because they'll be talking about that fight.
They'll be talking about how Miami of Florida took it up the old.
Breakfast.
I thought how Miami of Ohio went nuts and that's right.
They won't be caught.
Hank to talk about how good that Polish kid looks from Spain.
Wally, whatever his name is.
Wally, Hennessy.
Oh, he don't look too good.
Where's my meat?
Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Diceroni.
All right, let's say you're eating your sick and fucking tired of fucking potatoes and that stove top.
Do like me, honey.
Eat this.
Diceroni.
Come on, it's almost as simple as you.
What the fucking bag in the fucking pot and you turn on the fucking stove.
You think you can manage that, honey?
Hey, what up, thing?
The fucking thing's done.
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town right in on a pony.
Stuck a feather off his ass and called it Diceroni.
Oh, you're a Dice.
Oh, no, me.
The taxi takes her to the street.
Oh, come on, it's afternoon at 5.60 WDQAM.
Here's the facts from Debbie.
Seattle, you know, Debbie, I don't want to take a year because you're a sweetheart.
She's always back in this.
She's in a regular list of purchases of Intraverteminence Line is busy.
There's something wrong with it and so on.
What?
Not true.
You did?
Calls.
Saying what?
But they called and it was busy.
When we were doing the test.
But this was before that.
Oh.
Well, how the hell can that be?
You're using the same phone system in the other studio there for the other shows, right?
And so can't be.
By the way, the market's up 70 points and that's X up 31.
Is it not going to do 10,000 today?
No.
Oh, boy, it's going to get close, isn't it?
You think it's going to get close?
No.
Nice going on the caterpillar stock.
Yeah, that's good.
Real good.
How is it possible for any one person to pick so many crappy stocks?
And I don't just do it out of the air, you know?
I do it based on bad advice.
Like that.
That's really.
Oh, yeah, that's another winner.
Huh?
So many bad, bad stocks.
I should be calling Rick for some advice, you know?
Here's more later, Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I'm sure it was me.
It's you.
I'm a card carrying member of two fling clubs here in town.
Right.
Trapies, too.
I wasn't there when I got busted and also Plato.
Plato's we peaked.
Right.
You know, it's kind of a testimonial.
You mentioned when you read that article that they have 6,000 members of Trapies.
They're very, very popular.
And within a place of...
6,000 members.
Maybe Kent Jenik can have all rounded up and all put in jail.
Well, you know, let's fill the new jail for just for the members of Trapies, too.
Exactly.
You know, I mean, it's...
My wife and I aren't exactly what you would call swingers in this trick sense of the word,
because we really don't get involved sexually with other couples.
However, we very much enjoy going because it adds greatly to what we do.
We do a lot of sexual sex life.
I mean, there's a lot of stimulation there.
Well, you're disturbing the sheriff.
I'll tell you that right now.
You're disturbing him.
But we're not doing anything that we wouldn't do in the privacy of our own home.
Right.
And we're doing it in a private club.
And you know, it just seems to me that, you know, if more folks out there maybe try this.
They might find some real enjoyment in it and actually improve their life.
Yeah, but you might be thinking more folks aren't going to be trying it in Broward County
because they're terrified that they're going to be there.
And they don't know who the other people are with them.
And some of them are going to be, you know, playing clothes.
It's going to be another one of these sting operations.
And guess what?
Everybody close back on.
You're all going to jail.
Who now wants that?
Well, you know, that's the way it was.
That's the American fucking way.
Right.
All right.
Well, at Plato's, they make you sign a form when you join.
It says that you're not a member of the police department.
Well, they lie a lot, you know.
They're not doing anything under the umbrella.
They're like Greg Reed. They lie a lot.
Yeah.
But I'll tell you what, you know, for your entertainment bus,
that's where that's the biggest bang so to speak for your bus that you're going to find.
It's a whole lot better than sitting down and watching a porno, like.
Yeah, that's what Blanky never said.
You might actually meet some nice people too,
because there are a lot of nice people there.
You know, would you want to promote these places a little bit by perhaps giving out a website address for each of them
to help some of the folks that might be interested out there for location?
Perhaps if we get enough members joining these places, they'll leave them alone.
Yeah, if they want to stay behind some spots on the show, I'd be very happy to do that.
Okay, we got the open line of day 600 and Broward.
I see I don't believe that.
And see your, oh, I, they're all over the place.
There's something a lot of stuff with this.
I'm telling you, five six seven, oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
See the lady in dear field beach, how can she be on one?
You tell me that Broward is a six seven and eight?
Maybe the reverse.
Yeah, maybe the, maybe the, maybe the reverse.
Maybe they're a liver worst. Maybe they're upside down.
Maybe they're backwards. Maybe they work.
And maybe they don't, you know,
nice going there Greg.
Another 200 years off my life today.
Here's a lady in dear field. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
The mice are eating me up alive.
Really?
Ah, really.
I'm very happy you're doing the show.
Well, what's your, I've gotten no year in dear the only one that's talking about.
I had two calls about this.
You know, I, you know why?
You know why?
Why? People are ignorant.
They're morons.
They're ignorant.
They're idiots.
Their brains have been eaten by, by spider mites.
That's right.
Their green matter has been eaten away by spiders.
I never really paid attention to what mice were.
And don't they attack me?
And I have an animal with this, this half bald.
Uh-huh.
I'm going bald.
Right.
I'm putting, and me too.
I'm putting a, and I don't even live in your house.
This is disgusting.
So what are you doing about it?
Well, I have to put this poison on my head, right?
Yeah.
Um, the management, uh, where I live, it's not a mite isn't a bunk.
What is it?
Well, that's what I said.
What is it, a coffee grain?
What is it, a pop-up toaster?
No, it's a, it's a sesame seed.
It's a what?
Yeah, it's a sesame seed.
It looks like it's a sesame seed.
It's a coffee seed.
Uh-huh.
I'm happy to see.
Yeah.
My house is full of poppy seeds.
Great.
There on my clothes.
Well, the next form you'll be ready for some more humontizing again.
It's good.
Right.
Yeah.
There on my clothes.
So what do you, like I said, what are you doing about it?
Well, I'm demanding to be exterminated here.
Yeah.
And they don't seem to think I have a problem.
Mm-hmm.
I don't.
Or do I know the Son of the Ridge you live in a condo?
I live in a very well-known apartment complex, you know.
I would love to stay the night.
But you won't.
But I won't.
I know.
It's just like here where we need exterminator and Greg Reed will not do it.
Say, hey, come on, Greg, come up with a few bucks.
No.
We got ants crawling out of every old.
It has an uneven red up on what these things can do to you.
What can they do to you?
What am I?
Oh, you get to, oh, it's a lot of people have bad allergic reactions.
Well, I, it's to be honest.
In fact, you know something, maybe that's what started this whole syndrome
that I've had these last three months with these mites.
You know, say you might have just hit on it.
What is, what's going on?
Huh?
Tell me, I'll tell you if you have mites.
I don't want to go through all of them.
Okay, well, good luck, sweetheart.
No, there's more.
No, and that's what you think.
Okay, well, I'm out of time.
I got to do a lot of commercials here.
Okay, we got to get a lot of spots in.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
We had one guy that nobody was talking about with spider mites.
The first guy this morning, oh, cockroaches don't fight.
No, they just sit down there and they give you a big smile.
That's right.
They say, maybe I look disgusting, but I'm real friendly.
Want to have some verbal intercourse before you run away screaming and yelling
or step on the whichever comes first?
Oh, here comes the facts.
Listen to that sound of that facts machine.
Whoo!
Here it, huh?
Can't hear it.
Can't hear it on the air.
I can feel it.
In fact, it makes such a low, decibel kind of a...
Correct.
Yeah, that's exactly where it gets you.
Hi, paying temporary job at six of the rules and regulations
that govern the civilized business world.
Then perhaps you should join the other thugs
as a letral-spree-well temporary service.
At the letral-spree-well temporary service,
you'll be trained in the fine art of employer worker relationships
by Mr. Spree-well himself.
They're safe and easy, some big fat crackin.
Asked you to send the facts, Paul.
You just smiled.
Here's the machine out the wall.
Tell them you're gonna kill them.
You'll also be schooled in Mr. Spree-well's revolutionary computer technique.
Now, someone asks you if you know how to use glue.
You reply.
I sure tell them how to throw you dumb ass out of one.
And best of all, the letral-spree-well temporary service
teaches all its employees Mr. Spree-well's
time-tested salary negotiation method.
What you did to Hayes Runs Next?
You'll apply a concentration.
It's to decide to see things going!
Employees at the letral-spree-well temporary service
can make as much as 17.3 million dollars every two years
with five months off to run people off the road with their elected.
Hey, Ranger Spree-well's time-tested!
I'll kill you!
The letral-spree-well temporary service.
Call today.
Okay, 1214 at 560 WQM.
This is a dry run, by the way.
Just pretend we're not on a year.
We're having a few technical glitches here and there.
And you're used to that.
We are.
Because we work for Greg Rees.
Sheep.
So anyway, look at this.
Here's Neal's balls from Neesey.
Thank you, Neesey.
That's for you.
She's working today.
Thank God for her.
Just had her good buddy Chuck from the sub-center come in.
Here's our, oh, and guess what?
There's sauce in this, George.
I mean, I'm going to eat this anyway.
There's sauce in my balls.
George.
I don't want to start getting put.
Well, Neesey's there today.
I know she has.
She's got a note on it, and I think she wrote Neesey balls.
And she puts sauce on my goddamn meatballs with my cheese and onions.
Which I don't want any goddamn sauce, but I'll eat it anyway.
Don't do it again, Neesey.
I take back.
I just sucked it back.
Okay, where we going?
I mean, what's the point of this exercise today?
Oh, seriously?
Why don't we just phone it in?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Bugs.
Bugs.
Wait till the first bugs start crawling around in here, okay?
And we can call up Oshir just like we were doing in the other place.
Here's the mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
First time long time, and just happy to get through to the show,
healthy out with your communication problems.
I'm a transplant from OOTO, and I've been dying a phone and talking about how well the Leesa is doing this year.
And ask if you've been up to the new center yet.
Not yet.
Oh, I believe he's to be a post office or something, and I think...
That's right, I wasn't posted.
I drove right by it again yesterday in the cab on the way to airport.
That bass street over there, I think.
Right, looks pretty good on the outside.
Another thing I heard you mention, the mentality and the consciousness of the people down here is way, way different,
I think, from what you're used to.
I mean, when you go back up to Toronto, I think you're probably the most obtrusive person on the street,
rather than the vagabonds on young streets.
There's no threat of violence up there, and you don't really get that safe feeling down here,
amongst other things with the bad driving.
Now, even the callers down here are dangerous.
Right.
You're killing me.
What do you chalk it up to?
I mean, what if the consciousness of the people are just the heat,
and they got too much dye of coke in their head and Cuban coffee mixed in there?
I think they're just an experiment that didn't work.
This is a failed experiment.
It is. It's a place with no identity, and all the losers come here.
You know, so I have to assume I'm a loser too, because I'm a loser.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I'm a loser.
That would make me a loser as well.
Yeah, but at least I'm smart enough to get out every chance I get.
I hear you. I hear you. I'm going to be going on holiday.
That's the face that we're in.
So, Florida, we're losers, but at least we admit it.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm a loser.
Six points, Keith, to leave behind Ottawa.
What are your feelings on that?
You're going to be a child of them.
Just be happy, you know, just be happy to finish second in the division.
Just keep our heads about Pittsburgh and Philly.
That's going for Philly, by the way.
11 games in a row without a win.
I was going to ride your nails, and he's going to be candy any day now.
I was watching the game yesterday.
They said that they were going to go with him for the rest of the year.
And if the team fails, it's going to be basically up to the team.
I think when I tell you, he'll never make it to the end of the year.
Try it. Every time they say that, that's history.
Did you see the fights at the beginning of the game?
I didn't see any of it, no.
Oh, I've never seen a hockey game start like this.
And the years have been watching within about 20 minutes.
Lindros and Hatcher were going at it.
There's both.
Don't start hockey talk, man.
These people needn't that turp or they don't want you talking about it.
No, no, come on.
You got admit out of all the out of all of their weather fans in this town.
The hockey fans are probably the closest to being real.
No, no, the hockey fans are the farthest from being.
They don't know anything about the sport.
They do show up and put their ass in the seat.
The hockey fans here are the worst of all the fans.
They know nothing.
They know Eric Lindros from Eric Stratta.
I thought I saw you as a leaf skater when you were in that blue jacket over there.
Some place.
Yes, sir.
I was trying to fight.
I have a great day.
It's good talking to you, but you're killing the show.
Okay, I have a great day.
I know.
Terminal.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, d, pot, c, hidden, and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Killer.
Not that we're going anywhere anyway.
We're dying.
And George is just checking on.
Let me ask you one thing.
We were one floor beneath.
We were on the second floor for 14 months.
And the phone, I mean, not that it was ever great to begin with.
But we had some idea of where the calls were coming in.
Same phone number.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yes.
Now we move up here to the third floor where everything is kind of like ass backwards.
And we got a few little.
I can't speak to George on the intercom.
We got some bugs need to be out of line 8 doesn't roll over at all.
And like you're telling me that they come in wherever.
Right.
Why?
Well, I don't know.
It's the same phone.
It's the same guy that instrument.
Is it not that the phone sounds so much better?
They get the crap getting their piece of garbage.
We had down there.
There are not just feeding back sound that you used to get downstairs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
When the call wasn't hot enough, well, that seems to be gone.
So you wouldn't tell me to lose some.
It sounds so much better.
Trust me.
We'll straighten the other crap out later.
No.
Here's a mobile and coral spring.
Hello.
Yeah, are you today?
Okay, sir.
All right.
You're talking about Mike before.
I'm talking about Mike.
Yes, spider mites.
Okay.
Well, you've been saying best mites.
You've been married with those two.
They're what?
Dust mites.
Dust mites.
Right.
I just had allergy tests.
And if you're not familiar with those allergy tests,
they poke you and they test your body or what you're affected to.
And I had one.
Dust mites.
It was a huge rash right on the back.
And it's very good test, I saw.
I mean, I'm allergic to this stuff with my whole life.
I didn't even know it.
Right.
Yeah, I want to, what are they?
What does my first, I guess, are this microscopic little insects who,
they live on dead skin.
Great.
Okay.
So you've got to live in those, huh?
When you sleep at night and all the, if you're getting your dogs,
they live off the dogs, you know.
So it's, you know, that's, however, and you can't get rid of them unless you've
got to wash your clothes and really hot water, your sheep and hot water.
Yeah.
And I've never worked with the allergy test.
You can't use ceiling fans because it blows all the dust up and everything.
So it's all, you know, you can't open your windows.
So you're like living in a, you live in a better way.
It's ridiculous, but I've been taking, I get shot and I've been taking medication and it's,
I have no effects anymore.
I've just probably still filled them, but I, it doesn't affect me.
I'm going to that allergy stuff.
I was going to go to one last week, but I'm sick and tired to go to doctors.
I'm going to go on this week.
It's, they, they, they, um, they post your body with whatever it is.
No, it's good.
You know, I don't think they, but the new guys, they don't do them or they do with blood tests.
They don't do that anymore.
No, I had a lung pass A.
No, I had a blood test and then they sent me to an allergy.
And then what they do is, if you allergic to, they take dust mites, whatever it is,
and they actually post your body with it.
And if you're affected with it, it swells up.
What's your body with what?
With a dust mites?
Actually, yeah.
I've had me run around with a net catching and I'm, you know,
if you've got everything like that, have everything in a certain thing.
You know, with, with your allergic to shellfish, if you allergic to grass, you know,
the weeds outside and all different things, all different foods and then,
yeah, I'm on.
Whatever you know, allergic to the grass down here, definitely.
If you, and whatever you're allergic to, they continue giving it to your body's immune to it
and you don't have it anymore.
Okay.
So that's exactly how it is.
Other than that, hockey, I hate hockey.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, I'm like, I told you they all hate hockey down here.
They don't want to hear about it.
Don't be killing my show that he's hockey calls, okay?
You know, I was also thinking that over the weekend.
How did I ever stay on the year with all those hockey shows we used to do?
How do I want to make you name names?
Especially since he's out of town on the West Coast trip.
But one thing about those hockey shows, hey, stop.
I mean, Jesus Christ, how did I stay on here?
How did I keep my job?
How did I keep any, seriously?
Not that the shows were bad, but these people, I have no interest in,
they know what we're talking about.
See, if this was like a normal place, we would have already had a hundred different people calling
with stories about that blue houseboat that Kuhnann and shot himself in,
and about the caretaker, and all of those things, you know, that whole episode.
I mean, that was a very bizarre period of time in the history of this town,
and it happened less than two years ago.
In fact, on the back of the book here, let's see,
a Geonage, July 15th, 1997, that's when he off Geonny there.
Right.
And when he left California by the way, Kuhnann was telling all his buddies
how he hated Versace like poison and et cetera and so on.
He hated him because he was a self-made millionaire,
and he was this and that, and he was, you know,
had all the things that he wanted but couldn't get.
He hated him.
We're talking crystal meth today.
We had any calls about that?
No.
About, oh, we had a couple of crank calls, George said.
That's the wrong crank.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing a good job.
I don't know.
I haven't a good one.
I know that.
Nice again, Chuck and Nesey.
What's putting the sauce on my balls, Nesey?
God damn it.
That I can say that you are going.
I'm doing it right now.
You're doing it right now.
I've been on it a week and I haven't lost a pound.
Yeah.
I mean, you're going to wrong then.
What am I doing wrong?
I have an egg.
I have eggs in the morning, bacon, burger in the afternoon,
and chicken at night.
Yeah, eating bread with a burger?
No.
Eating a drinking caffeine, sodas with caffeine, coffee?
No.
I stopped that all out.
Who's?
No.
No booze.
No booze today, Howard.
No booze.
Now, McDonald's is a little bit short.
Right?
If I go in F, McDonald's would have a burger without the bun.
Of course not.
It's with a ketchup little bit sugar.
No, I don't have to catch it.
It's just a plain hamburger.
That's good.
How can you eat that?
I'm on the road all the time.
And you just eat in a plain McDonald's burger with nothing honest?
Yes.
Oh my god.
That sounds just sick of me.
Don't get yourself some fishwood.
You'll feel better.
Okay, you'll have a big smile on your pussy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
Did that guy call you?
By the way, that went to see Dr. Bernstein?
No.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, say ever that they sent you call.
I've been thinking about that guy every single day.
At least once a day, it pops into my mind.
Is that guy ever going to call us?
No.
You bastard.
You prick.
I mean, that guy had to be making an appeal.
He don't know Dr. Bernstein from Arthur Rubenstein, from Leonard Bernstein, and they're both dead.
By the way, did I mention you, even you, a man you and I?
How do you pronounce his last name?
The Old, the Jew violinist.
Don't you know who that was?
You wouldn't know.
What a Cuban's though about violinists.
Here's South Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I totally agree with you on the Flanagan story.
These people, they're obsessed with taking pictures out in front of the mansion, and that's all they want.
They just want to go with the blood, is the fact is the Miami Beach police had numerous chances to catch this person.
They did not have any beautiful signs.
Signs is real name.
He gives this passport with his, and signs his real name at the pawn shop.
Well, we didn't have our computer system back then.
It was sitting around on a desk somewhere.
Well, the other side of it is they did nothing to put out the picture.
And the pictures in the different gay bars this guy had been seen.
Absolutely correct sir.
That's right.
They did nothing.
And it was not only here, but it was a complete trail that started in San Diego.
And these people are there.
Well, you like Jeffrey Trail.
They're in conflict.
They finished in Minnesota, right?
Every police division, every state he went to had an opportunity and they blew it.
I mean, this guy was, you know, he's not a genius.
He could have been caught numerous times and they blew it.
The only reason that they got excited about catching him is when he killed somebody famous.
Then they started getting real interested.
Oh, absolutely.
And the whole thing on the houseboat, when this guy comes and finds them,
and they were thinking about not giving them the money, that was incredible.
They were actually saying, well, we don't know if we should give them the money because he was already dead when we got there.
And I thought what they should have done is given them the money and his passport back and said,
you can only have the money if you go back where you came from.
That would have been good.
Have a great day pal.
Say hi to Andrew.
How's Andrew Canand doing?
Oh, jeez.
Won't see him no more.
Open line in the, that would be sanded.
I got to cure myself for doing that.
Open lines all over the place.
We got 400 lines, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
At the LaTral Springwell Temporary Service, you'll be trained in the fine art of employer worker relationships by Mr. Springwell himself.
They're safe to instance some big fat cranking.
As is you to send the facts, Paul.
You just smile, rip the machine out to the wall and tell them you won't kill them.
You'll also be schooled in Mr. Springwell's revolutionary computer technique.
Now, if someone asks you if you know how to use wheelers, you reply, I say, I don't know how to throw you dumbass out of one.
And best of all, the LaTral Springwell Temporary Service teaches all its employees, Mr. Springwell's time tested salary negotiation method.
What you get your hands, Rodney Mc, you bad concentration.
It's not the same thing going on.
Employees at the LaTral Springwell Temporary Service can make as much as $17.3 million every two years,
with five months off to run people off the road with their lexas.
Hey, man, you're getting my job, I'll kill you.
The LaTral Springwell Temporary Service called today.
I know I just played that, but I dropped off the beginning of the last time, and you won't bring any attention anyway.
1232 at 560 WQM, a lot of useless facts, including Debbie, who faxes again.
And Debbie, I guess, was trying to call what we were doing our little test.
And there is no line 8.
Line 8, it exists there, but it doesn't roll over.
That's the reason Debbie, so our phones aren't as bad as you thought.
Although they are right now, 560-560, count 560 on the Mobile One Line.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Debbie on a Mobile has a fact machine now?
That's not the same Debbie.
Oh, OK.
I pray.
Yeah, right.
So, yes.
Do you give money to these guys in the street that are begging with their little signs and what?
No.
OK, I do not.
Well, I pull into this gas station at Lanarkin' 441, and I get out.
The guy comes walking over me.
The white guy, I'm a white guy.
He's a nice guy.
He goes, can you, can you, this is Sunday yesterday.
He goes, you know, if you sense a few chains, I just got, I just got off work and I need
a, I need a ride to the bus.
Is it open?
I'm going to hop on all the boys.
I go, OK, where do you work?
I'm going to go.
He goes, he goes, he mumbles, I guess that's what I thought, see you later.
You know, it's just the nerve of these people.
Yeah.
Sometimes they do, depending on my mood.
I like it.
No, I don't know.
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I don't like being confronted, especially in what I'm in my car.
I don't like coming to a stop light and have some real scumbag dangerous looking grotesque
thing out there.
Yes, derelict.
Right, exactly.
His name is Yuzuri Menuun.
That's what I said.
Yeah, yeah, he was a great boy.
But nobody in this audience knows that.
Why is only a few old Jews know that?
Well, I'm not old.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a violinist kind of guy.
OK, you're a violin guy.
Well, that speaks for itself.
Also, I think I have a problem with you because maybe you think that you have one with me.
My name is Mitch.
My name is Mitch.
I'm not the Mitch that you hate from Hollywood.
Yeah.
But a few weeks ago, a few months ago, you were given away almond brothers tickets.
And I still never got them in the mail.
So I got a couple days after the concert.
I'm wondering, well, maybe they didn't send them to you because they thought that I was
Mitch from Hollywood.
Just to let you know I got them after the concert?
No, I never even got them.
I never got them at all.
No.
But anyway, I still love you listening to every day and have a good day.
They suck anyway.
You don't want to see them.
Yeah, you're OK.
Yeah, they're burned out.
OK, 5'6", Emma.
We got 600 open lines.
5'6", 7", 5'60", 5'60".
We're talking spider mites today.
By the way, in case you missed the beginning of the show, that's our topic today.
Spider mites.
Dust mites.
That's our topic.
You think we're going to get a exterminator in this joint?
No.
She might have hit on the lady that was babbling before with the...
She might have hit on something really big though.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe I should go to the goddamn alleges.
Do you think I will?
Mike.
Line 7 is ringing WQAM.
Wow, you think we have cold?
Yes.
Wow.
We tried to buy Line 7.
We never used to have a Line 7.
Yeah, I like this new system.
Very important.
New system of what?
The phone's big.
I have no call in.
There's no waiting.
I thought you would.
Listen, Neil, I was reading the My Amherald Sports Weekend.
They had a little article about Rob Needomire.
Yes.
He had a little caption there.
I guess it's for little kids on what you should be doing.
Why do they keep quoting him?
That's what I love about him.
People on that team, a guy who is an underachiever, a guy who goes out there and is in La La land.
Why do they keep quoting him?
You're going to love this.
He must have naked pictures of David J. Neil doing Michael Russo.
There you go.
He said his recommendation would be for kids to take up...
Gosh, what is this?
No, no, no.
What do they call the ballerina dancing when you own skates?
Ballerina dancing.
They got the little fag stuff that the guy's been...
Figure skating?
Figure skating.
He said, take up figure skating.
It'll help you skate.
I think you still figure skating out there.
He has been for six years.
I got a kick out of it.
I thought you would do it.
I can't figure him.
I'll tell you that.
I can't figure why they keep...
Why do they keep quoting him?
He's doing his paper articles.
What is wrong with them?
I think he's doing goldies.
Probably nobody else will speak to him.
That's probably the real reason.
He's doing goldies.
Okay.
They're good news.
By the way, the good part of it is we can actually get into our studios here.
Without having to see goldie or any of them.
Can't we?
If you don't look in the window.
Well, I mean, as you come around that corner there, yeah.
You don't have to look back there.
I'm not going to look back there.
In fact, I'm going to wear blinders.
I'm going to call my good friend, Wally Hennessy, at Poppano Park.
Get some blinders to put on.
Then maybe I can get one for the other side so I don't see Greg Reed.
Put it, he looks.
I look horrendous this morning.
Poppano's head in the door.
And I said, hey, Greg, where is the rest of you?
Seriously, he's a mess.
The man is the sloppiest thing I have ever worked for in my life.
I'm embarrassed.
I'm humiliated.
Forget about the fact he's a boser.
We can set that aside.
But he just looks so slumpy.
No, he's a slipper.
5, 6, 7.
Oh, I got the meatball in my throat.
I can just see buddy and Evan's big column.
Fag tacos, chokes on balls on the ear.
Mmm.
Delicious.
And quit putting sauce on my balls, Nisi God, damn it.
Didn't I specifically say, or am I losing, huh?
You said.
Wouldn't have that line of network.
No balls today.
Howard.
You said no balls.
You just got that.
And they're always great when you have that little piece in there.
And it pops right back up again.
Like when Greg almost took on it, the piece of basil,
you know, the onion soup.
There's a bay leaf.
Like I said, and the bay leaf and the onion soup.
22 before one at five, 60 WQM,
and the hangover show from Shoolah's into a clock just watching line four drop off in there.
And I'm going to play me listen, I understand.
We're pushing you.
Where our new studios, we're having a few little minor glitches,
which really have nothing to do with the show, which sounds great,
so they tell me we're pushing you too hard today.
When we come back after this break,
we'll put some nice relaxing music on.
I'm not going to keep pushing these numbers out.
I don't want to bother you because it's the beginning of the week.
You must have a tough weekend.
Maybe you lost some money on some stupid ballgame somewhere.
I don't know what the deal was, okay?
But it's obvious that I'm interfering with your enjoyment of life.
But today I don't want to do that.
Hey, when you're ready to buy a sugar net,
look at that.
Woo!
A beauty.
That was a nice little piece that just popped out of there.
Please don't pay the F word.
I'm a swing cock.
Not your average cock.
I'm a swing cock.
I like my job a lot.
I'm going to be fine to me in place,
where the action never stops.
I'm a swing cock baby.
My mom used to dress me up.
I'm a swing cock baby.
I found a much a way to be tough.
I'm going to be lost on everybody if I have in too much fun.
And I pulled this huge, my life is hooked.
But that's not the only thing I like to pull.
I would shoot fit for it. It was my kind of man.
And I like you for all of my things.
I caught you giving him.
I caught you for all of my things.
Your legs were spread.
I'm going to haul you away.
And make everyone a luck community safe.
I'm a swing cock.
I'm a swing cock.
I'm a swing cock.
I can't score on my own.
I'll do my best to make you a great big purple toe.
So 45 at 560 W.
This thing's moving along like lightning.
It's floating along.
Markets up only one 51 points.
And I think I've got 28 but that was up only 51 points.
Too good. Not going to make it today.
Here's a mobile and cutlery.
Hello.
Yeah, sir.
I got a cure for dust mites.
Yeah.
Two days.
I don't have dust mites.
Who has dust mites?
Who now knows who's got dust mites?
Get out of here.
Got a cure for dust mites.
Two open lines a day, two and a half hours.
You believe that?
I got spider mites baby, spider mites in a hotel last night.
A Saturday night.
Vitt up my arm like a goddamn piece of raw beef.
And this guy's giving me dust mites.
567-0560, 05-60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lot of hill.
Hello.
Daniel, how you doing?
Okay. That's good.
Struggling.
Love that last song.
Struggling.
Wow.
Hey, Lane.
I was working on some new material this weekend.
Yeah.
I just want to say to Jeff, were you fudge packing?
Okay. There you go.
There's some new material.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
I've played how?
Is this stubby?
No, this is Robert.
Oh.
Sounded like stubby.
I almost brought my lunch back up there for a second.
Listen, I'm just calling because I usually listen to you show you every day, but I don't really call.
But I heard some media come on and say that and Robby needed my said that you should learn the biggest game.
If that guy knew anything about hockey, even in high school, we used to take fidget skating lessons.
A girl would come into our ice and for two hours, we would practice a lot of different things.
It's all for them being able to balance and everything.
Right. That's right.
If you do it like Robby, then you can play like a girl.
No.
Hey, man, I go back to John Rattell.
Big hat.
You may have a hear about that.
Okay, great.
As soon as they start that crap with all the old names, okay?
Call up D-Full and reminisce about Eddie Jackerman, okay?
Go Jackal with Eddie.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on the mobile.
What do you want to mean about the carers?
How many good, we had a good call yet today?
No.
And we had one?
No.
Maybe the guy from Toronto, he was pretty weak.
I mean, we had anybody that had anything.
I think by accident that old, that 900-year-old woman I was talking about the mites, she was pretty good.
She was entertaining at least.
I'm serious.
This is a place for losers.
I raised my hand.
I'm a loser because I work and I live here.
I'm a loser.
I don't care if I make $40 billion a year, I'm still a loser.
Wayne Hypinga.
Here's the guy who's got more.
He's got a billion dollars.
He's a loser.
We're going to have a public stock, okay?
Yeah, that's a loser.
What is it?
13 bucks a share?
See, I can complain about Canterpillar all I want.
But thank God I sold my Republic in 25 and made about 50 cents on it.
Thank God.
So, let me give you a little advice.
Okay, about stocks.
I'm just kind of from a Shmaku, who knows nothing about money.
Who always does something wrong?
I always zig when I'm supposed to zig.
But let me tell you one thing.
All these newsletters, Lewis Rookaiser, and Value Line,
and all these other experts, okay?
First of all, if you read 10 of them, you get 10 different opinions about the same goddamn thing.
And secondly, it's like the old, you know, throw the dart at the wall, fella.
That's what I'm going to start doing.
It's like they had the chip picking stocks here a couple of years ago against the guy who was supposed to be an expert.
And for a long time, the chip was doing better.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to like, you know, just leave a newspaper where I'm going to put a bunch of names of stocks.
I'm going to leave around the house, and then with my little dog, you know, you know, and seriously,
when he's just in the right mood, wherever he drops the pile, I'm dropping a bundle of my own on that stock.
There you go.
I'm going to let tiny start picking stocks.
I guarantee you wouldn't pick no goddamn caterpillar, Derek.
Oh, sorry.
You still pissed off a Derek about that Ben and Jerry's aren't you?
Yes. Don't do it again, Derek.
I know the right people.
Oh, he knows the right people.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you told you that you got bit by spider mites.
Spider mites don't bite. Do they?
Do they?
No, I'm in the Horticontor business, and I know spider mites attack plants. They don't attack people.
So then what is this? So what does the bite?
I don't know, but it wasn't spider mites.
Bed bugs, and I have heard that expression. What is a bed bug? What is that?
Bed bug is a bug that gets in your bed while you're sleeping.
Yeah. Well, what kind of, is it like just any kind of bug or like a particular bug?
Well, it's interacted. So I guess it's a particular bug.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah.
I'm just glad I tell you that.
So it's not spider mites.
Can't be spider mites. Spider mites attack like palms and plants. They attack.
They don't, I kill them all day long. They don't attack me.
Well, keep killing them, man.
You got it.
All right.
There's a guy that's killing spider mites.
Oh, I wonder we're not getting a response we're looking for.
We got a bum steer. It's bed bugs.
There's not no such thing as a bed bug.
That's just some stupid, you know, somebody came up with it.
Let's have, let's have like a scientific name.
Let's give the bug a name, okay?
Like Wally.
I wouldn't mind getting bit by Wally, huh?
Oh, there he goes again when it's bagged up. That's right.
That's right.
I'm going to go right up there to Miami of Ohio, baby.
Is that where, is there such a city? Is that really where it is?
University of Miami of Ohio. Of course there is.
You idiot.
There's a Miami of Ohio.
Well, what do you mean you guess?
Of course there's a Miami of Ohio.
There's a Cuba Idaho.
Perfect place for you.
We just like going back to Montana again.
Another one foot in Cuba and one in Montana.
Huh? Talk about a big stretch for a midget.
Here's a mobile and Davey. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I was just going to tell you what that gentleman did.
Spider-mites are on plants.
They're real tiny and I've never heard of them.
Well, that guy who called in the first hour of the show doesn't always ask from our elbow.
He would know a spider who might bite him on the neck.
Yeah, speaking of the stocks, why don't you just get a few mutual funds?
I have some.
Because that, that, I know.
I'm coming there doing very well.
Yeah, like that.
Jan is 20 fund and that is heavy into Dell and some other ones.
They're like that driver's appreciation fund.
There's a good fund.
Oh, yeah.
And Vanguard has a nice one to help them.
I'll tell you an outfit that's got the crappiest mutual funds is that Smith Barney, okay?
My mother turned me on over the years ago and they got about,
I can't tell you how much a lot of my money into the worst mutual funds
and because I like the lady over there in Halendale, I haven't transferred it.
Huh?
Yeah.
I should get out.
Yeah, that, that Smith Barney does.
Those, those mutual funds are slower than a goddamn tortoise.
After three or four years and you don't see anything, especially with this kind of market, get out.
I'm, I'm doing it.
I'm doing it.
I'm doing it.
I'm going to make it come.
I'm going to see this guy called me on the other day and said, when did doubt get the hell out?
But I don't know.
But I, I, I, I got a Solomon Smith Barney to stick away to Moon notes.
And I got the worst guy day in mutual funds I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah.
But you pick up a couple of my, you know, you go.
Market goes up 200 points.
They're, uh, they're down to send, you know, I'm going to need that.
Get out.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
In fact, I'm leaving now.
I'm going to go call my broker.
Okay.
That was up 62 points.
Is it going to make 10,000 today?
No.
But it's kind of agent back in that direction, baby.
It's kind of like the Y2K thing, you know?
Kind of like that same deal all over again.
Although that has to do with, you know, something real with computers.
But, but in this case, I mean, it's just a number, you know, whether it's 99, 98 or whether it's 10,000 to, it's all psychological.
And of course, once it does get over 10,000, one or two things are going to happen because then you have that tech mentality.
Either everybody is going to jump on the bad way all of the sky.
So I mean, it really is going to go up to 18,000 or then they're going to start telling like crazy.
Right?
Does anybody really know?
No.
It's all fixed.
Remember when Ted David call from CNBC that day on the show?
I think he was trying to tell me it's all fixed.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I know you weren't at the hockey game side of that because I didn't see you.
I was not.
I don't know if you heard about Robbie Neeter Meyer had a breakaway and it was him against the net and the net won.
Right.
Unbelievable.
Why was the brews a breakaway with an empty net?
It was it was all by himself 12 feet away from the net.
Eight feet away.
Hey, man.
Sorry, eight feet away and he missed the net.
When's the trading deadline?
And it is out of here.
Eight days.
Get him out of here.
Nobody wants him.
Don't want him.
Tell him to take Nicky with him and get out of here.
We love you, Robbie.
Just go away.
That's right.
Go away, Robbie.
Don't take it.
Personal around a West Coast.
No, they're not in the West Coast yet.
They're out there in Vegas.
Plunge in their brain job.
And TM says, all right, it's going to have to step it up a little bit more.
I know kidding, TM.
Pretty profound.
All these youngsters in the organization, if we wait a minute, if we wait long enough, they're going to be old parts in the organization like Kirk Muller.
Old useless men.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
There isn't a chance in hell.
We're going to make it until two o'clock today.
I'll tell you that.
In spite of George's telling me how much better we sound in our great new studio.
Is anybody commented that we sound any different in our new studio?
Yeah.
They're making it up.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Nailed, this is Mr. Murray Collins.
How are you?
Oh, yeah, okay.
That was either him or Dimes Johnson.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Nailed, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
This was going to call it.
There are such things as bed bugs.
What kind of a name is that for a bug?
Usually, you have a common name and then you have the proper name.
And it is the type of mite and I am at a loss for the actual proper name.
Well, we don't need the name, but what the story was.
I thought it was kind of afraid to tell you this.
But was it one of your hotels that you normally stay in when you were up in Toronto?
Yeah, all the time.
Yeah, okay.
So I'm sure it was a pretty classy joint, right?
Right.
Usually, you know, bed bugs are around from some pretty sloppy laundering habit to be honest with you.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, now, uh, you know, they live off of, you know, I think I heard somebody mention before
the flaking of skin and all that fun stuff.
Yeah, right.
They just had the wrong insects.
Spider mites are definitely outside and not shrubbery.
But, uh, yeah, the bed bugs definitely can live in, you know, sheets,
actually sometimes in the mattress itself, pillows, anything along those lines.
So, you know, it could, it could, it could, it could, it could, it could live a little well-signed almost like a flea bite.
But, but, can it, it could be one?
I said they do.
It will leave little well-signed, you know, a little bit smaller than what a flea bite is.
Well, one of the marks is a scratch, a long scratch.
Can they make a mark scratch, then?
No.
They don't have like claws or anything.
No.
I don't know where you got scratch from.
Same thing, same spot.
All happen the same night, Saturday night.
Huh.
Where you outside?
No, I was in bed sleeping.
Can you woke up and you fell asleep?
I woke up yesterday morning, I'm shaving and I see like blood on my wrist and on my arm just a little trace of blood.
And I look and I went, yeah, what's that?
All these little bites and then plus a scratch.
I think it's a spider.
Well, maybe you scratch yourself scratching the bite, no?
No, the bites don't itch.
Sure.
No, it's a scratch, it's a scratch like an insect makes.
That's what I, three hours now, I've been trying to find out what kind of an insect gives a bite or makes a long scratch that you can actually see.
I'm telling you, it's a spider.
Could be a spider, I mean, spider's little thing and they well, too.
Do you look bigger?
Are they bigger or they're small, well?
The bites?
Yeah.
Small.
Are you getting a well-dilled like a small?
No, no, it's going away.
Got me, man.
I don't know.
Okay.
Canadian bug, I guess.
Okay, thanks.
Canadian bugs, eh?
In fact, one of them popped a tent through my skin.
How's it going, eh?
Canadian bug, bed bugs.
Everybody's got a story.
You see what I mean about this show?
No matter what it is I bring up.
Everybody's got it different just like my L.
Ielments, just like everything you name.
Everybody's got a story.
Now this guy sounded pretty knowledgeable.
But once I got to this scratch,
oh, wait a minute, that's not the right kind of bug.
Bed bugs can't scratch.
You can scratch it yourself like in your sleep.
You don't understand.
First of all, I have no fingernails.
Secondly, you can see I've had those before.
It's about an inch long or at least three quarters of an inch long.
Scratch, you can see it in there.
I can see it.
God damn it.
And then these little tiny bites up here, including the Y-shorty.
That looks like two little tiny teeth marks.
I think it's cockroaches.
Didn't the guy call me for it?
Say cockroaches don't bite?
Well, they bit my ass.
This isn't my ass.
It's my arm, God damn it.
And why the hell they bite your ass beats me.
Maybe that was a lot cooler rock.
Maybe it was a Cuban cockroach.
1257 is about 560.
Maybe these are French Canadian.
Maybe I got the wrong room.
These might be French Canadian, the big bug.
That's what it could be.
God damn it.
You know, this is the thing with life.
You ask a simple question.
You think it's fairly simple.
And all of a sudden it becomes big, solid, and dense, and complex.
And everybody's got a thousand different answers,
none of which are probably right.
But it sure kills some good time.
Oh!
It's so long to fill out work!
Alligor.
Alligor, I have never heard of this.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations.
It would be by Fred.
This is a sun crowd.
I've been watching you during that macarena on Galbigen.
And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you
the outdoor virtue of the macarena.
I am not trying.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Would you like to see it again?
When your alarm goes off in the morning,
Macarena.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit,
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Who's more boring and listen to solar Al Gore?
It's a toss-up.
By the way, it's interesting.
It's a great coincidence that I'm reading this book about Andrew Kuenan,
this vulgar favors by Marie North,
because he was crazy as a bed bug.
Okay, where are we going?
He was.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Don't believe all these idiot people.
I don't believe anybody that calls this joke.
Okay, what you had was a white spider bite.
A white spider?
Yes, a white spider bite.
My neighbor had the exact thing.
That kind of wasn't a black spider.
No, no, no, no.
It's a little tiny white spider.
My neighbor had the same thing.
She had a long scratch.
And two little marks.
Really?
And her arm blew up like a balloon.
Oh, well, that's because she was allergic.
Thank God I wasn't allergic to her.
Okay, I know, I know.
She was.
She was.
She went to the doctor and he told you it was a white spider.
And they're very, very common.
Well, this just happened in New York.
This was in Toronto, which ain't that far from New York.
It's right across Lake Ontario.
White spider.
A little white spider.
He said they're very, very common.
And people have different reactions to them.
Yeah.
How are blue up like a balloon?
Can you imagine if my arm would have blown up like a balloon
after all these other things haven't gone through?
I would have thought it was, that was it.
But don't worry.
It's not that bugs.
It's not spider mites.
Oh, white god damn spider, huh?
Yes.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
Okay.
Have a great day.
There we go.
It only took three hours and five minutes.
Finally, finally we get to the bottom of this whole bug thing.
A white frickin spider.
How do you like that?
God.
Now was the black widow?
Maybe that's what it was, huh?
Maybe was the black widow.
Never see a black widow?
Open line in day one at Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five.
See, I'm not hearing myself right.
I don't like the way the show is today.
It doesn't sound right to me.
You know, I don't want to complain because the studio is, you know,
nice for four sterile walls.
You got to admit this.
And then Sam, what a joke her.
He is.
He walks into his, oh yeah, this looks like your old IOD studios.
Yeah, he was hiding his shovel.
It was right behind his rectum.
Yeah, as he said it.
This was about, this is about as sterile as the inside of a goddamn oxygen tent.
These rooms, we need to do something as spruce that's,
get all our stuff up on the walls there, get our blow up doll and re-k thing up there in a wall.
Where's my, oh, thank God for that.
I thought death might have stolen this.
Okay, where we going?
Here's, how's that?
Cudjo or Cudjo?
How's Cudjo doing?
Too many saves, Cudjo.
Too many shots.
Here's Cudjo Key.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to give you the correct name for the bedbugs.
Yeah.
It's Phoenix, like Tularius.
Yeah.
It's a member of the Meptra.
From Aphrodite family?
Yes.
And it's about one fifth of an inch long, unpleicant smelling, flat and reddish brown.
And it eats only blood.
The thing that hates the plexigar skin is the death might.
And as you found out about the spider might.
The white spider.
The white spider.
No, the spider might.
The white spider is the one that probably digit the spider might syrup on plants.
Right.
And I think George is right about cockroaches.
I've been bitten by one.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Okay.
No, I agree with that.
They do bite.
I mean, this is the one guy doing the bed.
These people say anything.
We had 6,000 calls not only which we had 6,000 calls this year.
Since we've been here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18T wireless.
So until we've narrowed it down to the white spider or the white spider is what we've narrowed it down to.
Okay.
What are we going to do about it?
It's not a big problem.
It's just that when you're sleeping in a hotel and you're spending money on a pretty decent place,
not a flop house, not a flea bag joint, you don't expect to have bugs crawling around.
In a place that's supposed to be a little bit.
See, the problem is I sleep.
I have to always sleep on my right side.
I can't sleep on my left side for crap.
Huh?
I just can't.
It's uncomfortable.
Don't most people sleep on one side?
So 95% of the time I sleep on my right side.
And this hand is always like under the pillows.
You know what I'm saying?
So if the bugs, if all these things are crawling around like way underneath,
you know, under the pillows and way near the end of the mattress.
Sure enough, they come up to take a peek and there's a nice big ham-hawk of an arm sticking out.
Right there, they're waiting for them to take a bite.
You're following it?
No.
I am.
I know exactly what's going on.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, God.
Yes, sir.
You were talking about your fish food ice cream?
Yeah.
The nail is full of almond, by Hagen Daz.
Much better.
Yeah, okay.
Go ahead, 20 or 30 quarts, okay?
Hagen Daz sucks.
Here's another guy just like that stupid bitch that was calling us with her.
What was that ice cream she was peddling that awful coffee stuff?
Remember?
Oh, and then we had all those Cubans calling him with that hot coffee.
Hagen Daz, Lachy, Corn Lachy, whatever that thing was.
Oh, God.
Dulce, Dulce, Dulce, Dulce, Dulce, Corn, Dulce bag.
All I can say to that is, that stuff was, was, was, rank, rank.
What do you expect from people that, you know, he forced me?
What are you laughing about?
You know, it's true.
560, 705, 60, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Why do you think they won't close highly of that?
When those horses break down, there's Lachy.
On sports rate, 560, QAA.
I know that the Lord even loves Neorod.
Just on, I mean, the reason that this doesn't sound right is that these are not overhead speakers.
You know what I'm saying?
These are up on the wall, far away, up all over your window speakers.
These aren't like real overhead speakers like we used to have both of the old IOD.
And even that, they were, I'd dare say, a Paxon.
That's what they had at Paxon.
That kind of range.
No, we did not.
Wrong.
They were in the ceiling over your head.
How the hell could they have had that arrangement of Paxon?
The goddamn window was like 20 feet away at Paxon.
Your memory is very short.
Big ass speaker.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Alzheimer's check for George.
In the ceiling, as in, why do you think they call them overhead?
Because that's what they had at IOD.
That's not a real thing, by the way, real term.
It was just humor in you, I was told.
It doesn't make any difference.
But that's what they had at Paxon.
They had big ass speakers.
No, I'm against the window.
Yeah, 50 feet away.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Let's talk to your close to a personal friend.
The engineer, Max, your good best friend.
Yeah, he's still over there, screwing around.
He likes to sneeze.
He likes to...
What were the three things?
He likes to eat.
He likes to sneeze, and he likes to screw, I think, with the three?
Not necessarily, in that order.
Kind of like this, place.
Oh, now that we're up here, we've spent a lot of our spare time looking for those naked pictures.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
And I know which desk we ought to be looking into.
mobile in Miami. Hello. Goodbye. Here's a mobile in Timberpine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, you were talking earlier about the DSS dish. Yeah.
You said something about the network programming. Is available on it? Is that true?
What I said was that the Congresses rescinded this thing until December 31st. They passed the bill
so that when you're provider in your case, Direct TV took away the networks, CBS, and Fox,
that they now have to give them back until the end of the year. What about ABC?
Not affected by it. I never could get any of the networks on my Direct TV dish. Why not?
Because you didn't lie. Because you didn't lie, sir. You got to learn how to lie.
Oh, that's what it was. Right. Call them back and say I lied. I can't get them.
You got to get them a different zip code? That helps. Okay, but you didn't say this.
I didn't say what? You didn't tell me to lie. I didn't lie to them because I don't have the
networks on my small dish because I already had them on the big dish. So what do I need them on my
small dish for? So I did not lie. So I never told a lie up until that moment.
Does he want them or does he not want them? They force you to lie. They force the customers to lie.
That's the way it is. Even if people want to pay for the service, they force you to lie.
Just give them another zip code. That will work. Oh, okay. Just make it up.
Then they'll take your money. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and Palm Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, yeah. I just caught the last part of your spider deal.
I was just wondering. I've had the same problem a few times. I was just wondering if it could
possibly be fleas. No. You know, hotel? I don't know why not. If there were pets in there,
maybe you can find it. They don't allow pets in this hotel. I'm the 20th floor of a hotel.
There's fleas. No. And your discussion. Maybe the maids have fleas. That could be it.
George suggested crabs might also be in Osheets, huh?
Don't have any crabs. Oh, what's that? Oh, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and a gable. Hello. Brief history of the bed bug. Yes. It comes from the saying
sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite back in the day of the early settlers.
The mattresses before foam and springs. They used Spanish moss. It came from the trees.
Oh, from Spain. No, no, no. In the Spanish moss, they didn't bleach it or purify it somehow
where chiggers. Oh, please, just don't let no chiggers into your hotel.
And the sleep on a mattress made of Spanish moss. You're just a pond with bugs and chiggers.
And the sleep tight part comes from the fact that they put it on a wooden bed frame,
but the bottom wasn't spring. It was made out of rope. Every night they would take a stick and tighten
the rope. And that's when you could say something that the John Bernays daddy was doing.
Yeah. And that's where you could, the best thing you could say. The best thing you could say to
someone back then was sleep tight and don't let the bed bugs bite the deal. So how come the bed bugs
didn't go away when we started making like real love foam mattresses? Well, now that may be a white
spider. I have no idea what the hell is going on with that. White spider, the white spider sounds good
to me. Okay, man. Okay, thanks. White spider. Baby, we got a narrowed down. It's either a white
spider or a white spider and quite frankly, when you come right down to what's the
whole difference is to make other than the fact I should probably write a letter complaint,
shouldn't I? Huh? See, if I had a doctor, which I don't, I could have my doctor write a letter.
And then, you know, get a whole bunch of free nights next time I go up there next 200 times.
If I had a real doctor, which I don't, oh, and by the way, you know, I've been unfair,
Dr. Mark, you were a good guy even though you're like pretty useless. Conn and patch Adam,
I saw a big billboard for patch Adam so I wasn't to run over the weekend for the movie,
which how the hell can that still be showing? And there's Robin Williams with the big red
ball on his nose. I thought, why should I call Dr. Mark that when I can call him something
a little similar? Like Dr. Doe Little will be good. A more famous character, huh? Right? Dr. Doe Little.
Dr. Mangle is more famous. Yeah, but this one's Italian. Here's a mobile and crawl spring,
hello? Hi, don't kneel. Okay. This is completely off the subject, but I was wondering if you
know anything what happened with the Indian circle down to Miami? If anything happened with it,
like we like one. Yeah, if they built over it. I think they found Al Capone in there,
and also I think Jimmy Hoppe was in it. I had an idea for him. I believe John Brown's body was
in there too. Why don't they have a museum on the bottom floor of the building for the Indians?
Yeah, they have it built on top of it. Even the condo building. Oh no, this guy's going to take
he's going to make a killing. Yeah, the city, the county that's bankrupt and the city that's
bankrupt somehow wants to get through all of legal fees. They're going to spend rangling in
court, which is more money to lose. They'll find some way to screw up with other public out of
some more money and they'll pay him a giant. He'll make a lot of money and he'll build his condo
someplace else. I think they could put a museum on the bottom floor. It would be nice, but
I don't know. It's an option just seeing if anybody had heard of it. I think what they'd do is
scatter myrlandske's bones right there in a circle would be. You used to walk his little dog in
Collins out. He's a good guy, myrlandske. He was just a god damn infected trying to make a living
living on a pension. Five six seven. By the way, you want to know one of the most overrated movies
I was thinking about this yesterday. They also want to play and come in back last night while
they're most overrated movies of all time, especially by this audience. Good fellows.
See this again come because you come away from the godfather series from the trilogy with this
tremendous fascination with mob movies and the awesome of them have been pretty good. But like what's
upon a time in America, if you can stand to five hours and not knowing what it meant when you get
over with, that's pretty entertaining, but what does it mean? Huh? How's Brian Blom doing by the way
anybody seen him lately? No, disappeared, vanished in a thin air. But good fellows, it was okay to
see one. I was thinking about movies that you want to see more than once. Like clockwork horn, that's
a movie you could see 20 times. Great movie. Good fellows once. Once, that's plenty. When he starts
it when he starts doing the narration, Ray Leota. When he starts doing it, huh? He's so annoying.
He's annoying. Oh, and we were going here and going there about this. You know, and then when
when what's his name Robert De Niro when when Ray Leota's wife goes down to the warehouse,
never? Oh, you want some dresses? Right in there. Just go right in there. I don't think so. Yeah,
right in there. Isn't that just a little bit and now I'm watching on TV. They're showing the trailers for
the the new Robert De Niro movie. It's called a mafia movie made because Robert De Niro is in it.
That's the name of the movie. We couldn't come up with any other reason to make this movie. The
one where he's going to the psychiatrist and it's about to confuse, huh? With Billy Crystal. Oh my
God. Are you serious? Crystal is in it. He's a psychiatrist. It's actually about him.
The movie is about Billy Crystal. The both. That's damn fat. I can't stand it. God.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the internet. In fact, you know, it's a good thing. Conan and
often self because he said Billy Crystal was going to be next. Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello. Hello, Danielle. Yes, sir. You just mentioned the Paxon word on the paper. You
had a talent. So you probably didn't see it. There's an article in the paper on
Sentinel on Saturday that he's entertaining a sale of his company, which is why the stock price has
been going up. What a charlatan man. What a faker. It's like he involved a travel channel on
a Monday and by Wednesday he had sold it again. This guy's strictly a loser. I'm opportunist.
And not only is it far as dollars and cents, but as a human being strictly a loser.
If you had that fact, remember I'll send the article every three or five right six five oh six five oh
oh one nine eight oh one nine eight okay. But send it send it slowly because that but the
facts machine in this new studio is right behind me. Correct. I'm here. I create a buzz in my
rectum when a machine starts going on. Oh, maybe you'll enjoy the article a bit more than
that might be what does it have a great day. Bye. Bye. Thank you. Buddy, bud Paxon, baby.
He's just he's just a wild host trader as all he is. Anybody want to buy some stations?
No. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Goodfellas highly
overrated. Not in the same class with Godfather, okay. Very marginal. In fact, Robert De Niro was
marginal. Anybody who thinks that Robert De Niro was in the same class with Al Pacino, Marlon Brando,
Robert DuVol. Who played Sentinel? What was his name? George. He's in that.
Oh, no, no, please. He here we go. He's doing a show with a call. He likes goodfellas.
We don't care whether you liked it or not. What are you arguing with a caller about goodfellas?
What was that? Yeah, some cool stuff. New Yorker. Same what? Okay, I believe you didn't like good
fellas. I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was a movie you'd see once. I didn't say I
didn't like it. I said it was overrated. Okay. God. Go back to New York. Okay. Take your obnoxious
accent that disgusting stereotypical and take the nanny back with you while you're at it. Take
her to that bitch. And the thing you don't want to stonest me that there's a lot of guys that think
that she's hot. This to me, I mean, unbelievable. People that think that she's hot, she's hotter with
mouth closed, frand her. She's hotter than what? Been a month to ball?
hotter than what? Totey Fields. Mrs. Fields. Strawberry Fields forever. Oh, yeah, she's hotter than
hotter than Tempest Storm. Yeah, that's right. She ain't no 70-year-old stripper with a phony vagina.
127 and 560 WQM. If you won the lottery recently, we're looking great. You know, this thing here is
a little bit of a problem, George. I thought this was going to be great, but the counter is so high
that it's like pressing my ribs. I'm going to have like indented ribs. Don't press it.
Take any bullshit on there. Okay, 132.560 QM. Let's suspend the bitten. This, you know, one thing I've
discovered, maybe that's why the morning show they keep getting farther and farther behind. In
fact, I last bought, we got somebody goddamn spots and promos and crap on this station that if you
don't have time to do that. No, I don't have any check for your bronze here. Well, I'm not going to be
thinking about him. I get off a plane last night. 10 after 11 comes in an hour late because two
assholes decided that they put the, and let me say it again. What kind of people go to an airport?
Check in. They go to the check-in counter. They check in. They check two bags. They check their luggage,
and then they don't show up on the plane. Huh? You think they might be a little bit occupied?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Yeah, I made me clear on this whole thing
about direct TV. I mean, I called direct TV the other day and they told me that I had to get
waivers from all the local networks and all this BS. And from what I heard from you, it's totally
different. So you tell me I can get them now without, you know, I can just call back up and tell my
one of them. Well, let me read the thing again. Okay. Here's the thing. I'll build that.
If we talk, huh? If we talk, have to, if we talk to you, they don't know if they'll be talking
them anyway. I'll build past Wednesday by the Senate Commerce Committee may, may enable many
satellite TV subscribers have been receiving distant network signals illegally to continue to
receive them indefinitely. The bill sponsored by so that allows approximately 2.2 million
satellite TV subscribers to keep their network feeds through the end of the year. It'll then cut
off the imported network signals of all subscribers within the main broadcast signal January 1st,
2000. That's going to be your Y2K problem. You'll get them back. But in addition to which,
you're talking about direct TV, right? Correct. So unless you've already got them or unless you
give them a zip code out of town or live them until you live in an area where you can't get cable,
which most people do anyway if they want the networks, unless you do that, you're not going to get
them. Have you ever gotten them? Yeah, I had them up to about the first of the year. They said they
start disconnecting them in the subway, but they disconnect the mine right in the middle of the
Miami Buffalo playoffs game. So they disconnected it. It was like a half time. They disconnected.
They get a phone call from saying you can no longer receive these local networks.
Yeah. This bill goes through and the entire Congress passes this, then we should be able to get them,
you know, regardless through the end of the year anyway. Definitely. They just don't have a,
and you call them. The representatives don't have a clue. Exactly. What's going on? So I thought maybe
you had something more than lightning on them. Okay, I'll keep you posted. I appreciate it. Okay.
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Let me say it again.
You asked holes, especially Alan Shaqlan over there, Channel four. This is for you. Okay,
have another one. No extra charge. I want to watch CBS. If it's coming from God damn Uranus,
if I'm willing to pay for it, I should be able to watch it. Okay. If I wanted to watch the guiding
light on Raleigh on wherever to hell. Another affiliate has come out of now. I should be able to watch it.
This bull crap that somehow because I live in this area, I mean, it's bad enough that we got
to live in this area. That's bad enough to begin with. Okay. For starters,
I just so anti American. It is not the American FN way. It's just the opposite. Although,
you notice in recent years, this idea of no monopolies, it totally throw it out the window.
Life have nothing but monopolies, especially in radio and television. Let's let about a half
of dozen companies buy up every goddamn radio and TV station in the world and then let's start
dealing them out like baseball cards, like Paxon. Oh, what do you got? Well, I'll trade you three
Mickey Mantles for a stand user and I'll tell you what, and destroy everybody in a business
is life along with it. Right, Peter Bolger? You Gray-Rober, you Backstabber, you Judas?
You piece of walking crap, you turd. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, it sounds exactly the same on here. Why would it sound like it's the same microphone?
It's the same board. It's going through the same transmitter. Why would it sound any different?
It sounds identical. They speak about our given the Apollo craft, and they're trying to like play
a psych game with me. I'm too old. I've been around the block too many times. It's the same
direct. I want to add to the bug thing. Look, our copy in here. It's all the same old
direct. Yes, sir. George, that's absolutely right. Your large household variety roach?
German roach. No, no, no, the large one. They call them Palm Metal Bugs, but it's not really
Palm Metal, but these are the large ones. That one will bite you. I had a luxury car,
early 70 model, and to make a long story short, it's not a hole through the seat of the car.
I had more traps than that car than a mince farmer. I thought it was a mouse.
I left the window down. There's a little glitch in the Falcon X. It was almost like the
full company bleep that one. Yeah, that was good. Nice going, Larry. Larry Nixon.
Yeah, Larry's got sitting down. He's got his finger on it. Larry Nixon and Nixon, whatever's
name is, and Buddy and Evan, they're sitting there together. They each got their finger on it.
They're having consulting sex. Oh, no, no, why is this guy doing this? I don't need any
reviews of the Godfather. I don't need any. Oh, why do you waste our facts paper? You jack
as you. Now, I got to get this crap back here on a fax machine. All I got to do is even think
about the name of a movie and right away this guy is faxing me. I don't need any more information
about the Godfather. Okay, I never knew no Godfather. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless
line. I'm starting tomorrow. We're going to do a whole new thing. Okay, we're just going to run all
of spots. Huh? Now, we'll come in at the start of 10 o'clock. We'll run through all the spots,
and then after that we'll just go home. Because that's all they care about here. If you get like,
if you get five seconds behind here, you're screwed. You had it. There's no chance. You don't get
to take a goddamn breath. You can't even come up for oxygen in this goddamn joint.
So the vert is in. The studio sounds exactly the same. The color sounds the same. The quality of
the color has been exactly the same. Of course, and the volume as well for Monday. The only thing that
changes the goddamn fax machine is back here, grinding away, grinding and grinding and grinding.
Hey, what's up? Hey, look at this. More Godfather's crap. Stop wasting our paper, you asshole.
Jesus Christ, how many trees did they have to chop down to keep this guy going?
Yes, God.
Oh!
Okay, 144 by Frankie Yankebeck. Yank this.
If Boca Brown would come in earlier this morning, we could have killed, you know,
if we had not had all this discussion, that would have been the end of this show.
Looks at my wrist and my disc. You know, that's a spider bite. That's just all the spider things
there. Pull to the scratch when you get the long scratch. That's a spider bite. It's a little white
spider sat down beside her and without the guy then curds it away. And guess what Boca Brown brought in,
by the way? Woo! A medic. Like I said, if we would have had this early, we'd have had a show
of this crap.
Yeah.
And then there's always, oh, how can you put recording artists down here? You don't put the name of the
song.
Okay, that's enough of that one, Lou. Now one of my favorites. Oh, and then there's, yeah!
Yeah! Alright!
And then he puts his do-op crap on here, you know? See, I always do that when we, like,
a couple of links missing in Boca Brown's brains, the brain's a brat.
You're about to do boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom.
You're about to do that crap. I guess you're the sissy bite.
But I guess that's gonna be the lisp, Frankie Lyman and the Queen Aperus.
Hey, suck! Sound like Michael Jackson with his nuts cut off. Sound like Gelly with his nuts cut off.
And what is this piece of crap?
Yeah.
I like the bell monster.
What ever happened by the way, speaking to boring people about Jack S.D.
Keeper of the Keys, what was his name that played all the oldies in a do-op shop and all the
bounced around magic and do something.
Stoo Barnes. Stoo Pandas.
Stoo Goldstein.
And that is him? Stoo Goldstein to keeper of the Keys.
Pretty weak. All that old do-op, you know? I think my mic used to like that.
All of them Zingos used to play.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Okay, like I said, they're gone.
Thanks for holding, asshole.
Here's Cooper City. Hello.
Body Nebans.
Yeah, huh.
Hope he had a good time. Was it, whoa, no, no, I'm seeing.
I can't see what it was. Was it, uh, what was the word?
Consulting. Oh, it was a consulting?
I got to read that again. He and his wife are having consulting sex.
They had to bring in a consultant to show them how to do it.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
This is for you and Mr. Manbench.
Jim Manbench.
Less silent for the gators.
Uh-huh. Okay.
Like I said, he's an asshole.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hello. Neil.
Yes, sir.
Look, I'm a professor over at FIU.
I'm sorry.
And you're right about that.
Yeah.
Anyhow, regarding that bite,
I can tell you exactly what that is.
Great. Here we go.
It had two little marks, right?
One of them does, yeah.
Okay. There's one insect down here that not many people talk about.
But this wasn't down here. This was in Toronto.
Well, Toronto, Ontario, about 1200 miles to do north.
Well, that makes more sense, even though it's on the other side of Lake Ontario, eh?
It's mostly down here. Even Canada, we've had reports of it.
There's a, it's called the Mexican sperm beetle.
Yeah.
No, no, I'm, I'm serious.
I believe it, yeah.
It's called, yeah.
It's the Mexican sperm beetle.
It's not so much the bite.
Yeah.
The sperm people are having a real.
A real just experience from it, yeah.
From the sperm.
And so.
It's all the way up there was revenge.
No, no, the only way to get you to have to use a compound.
It's methods. Why?
I think it's.
Vial cocaine.
Yeah.
It's a derivative of Viagra.
And what it does?
Makes them so much.
What I said, good luck in your new job at Miami Dan.
Okay, pal?
Wow.
5670560, pound 560. In fact, hook him up. Remember that caller last week from that
awful comedy shop up there where Chris Baker used to go over and over and over and over.
Uncle Funny's. Put this guy to Uncle Lacto Funny's.
What is this more Godfather track? This guy's pack. More stuff with Godfather on our
packs machine. Look at all the paper they were sending in these stupid idiotic articles
that I'm not going to read all this stuff from National. The National Review from
that fascist piece of crap with William F Buckley's ass on the back of each page.
Get out of here with his crap.
Truck it in and hold it.
