Hey, we're going to lose more than 60.
516-WAM, my amoeba water nail, presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To down to Neil, call 567-056-Toll-Free for Danden Browder or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 560-QAM.
Nobody repulses you more.
All right.
On the move seems like M hebbenbribe is in silence.
You should be scared of me
Okay
Cause you could go to jail and just be with me
If I'm free, you and the friends of me
She was 25 but she's just a few
No safety, I've been my last afraid
Daddy called a cosmonaut
So I just thought perfect to see
Because I've had such a big
No more my curse, which by me
Never do things right around
Oh my show
Left on me
She's underage
She okay?
Oh
She should be scared of me
You're the missing one
And you're the most friendlier than time and time
Oh, what a sight
She's looking right
She's looking right
She looks just a few
But she's just a few
That was 3560 WQM Happy Tuesday to you
I know the overheads a little bit hog
I got a cranked up because I love that song
I don't love the song
I love the parody that I just played
Which is much better than the real song
Which he couldn't sing a word of a paper sack
But does anybody care about that?
No
Of course not
Because she's got a great ass
And she looks pretty good
And even if they aren't for real
Who cares?
Does anybody care if they're...
No
No
Anyway, getting back to what they were saying right there
Which I never do
But we had to monitor up
So you couldn't help but hear what they didn't want to hear it or not
Which I didn't
But nevertheless at the end of the worst team there this morning
See the thing it is
And it ties them with everything else that goes on with this town
And that is
That no matter how you slap the public in the face
There are always enough assholes to perpetuate the stupidity
It would be like if I opened up a restaurant
I said you know something
The food is really going to suck
The prices are going to be too high
The food is going to taste like crap
And I opened up the doors and people come in
And they're buying my sloth
Yeah, I mean not
It's not like loaded
It's not like jam packed like McDonald's and places like that
But nevertheless
There are people you know
A steady flow of customers
And I'm like eating out a living
And I get out there in front on the street with a megaphone
And I say
Don't you people understand the food here
If at least the next couple of years
It's going to suck and the prices are too high
And it keeps showing up
That's what's going on here with this Marlon bull crap
That's the problem we got crazy people here
I must be crazy, I must be nuts
Yeah you too John
Yeah
Crazy people in this town
That's why this thing with Mayor Rapingo
Who definitely ought to be in jail after the last 24 hours
I'm convinced he ought to be on death row at least
That's why they're going to pull the wool over the eyes of this public
And push this thing through
And wait a year this
If you haven't already heard the statement he released yesterday
About the 75,000 toll boats that we're going to have
If you don't give him his penny sales tax
Not that it's blackmail you understand
No
It's unbelievable
And see again
Who are the people that are really causing the problems
That are getting sucked into all the panic
Like some jackass they interviewed this morning on Channel 4
Of course I'm sure he was the only motorist out there
Available on the highway to be interviewed
But he's the one that we see
In his BMW or whatever it was driving
Oh I don't care if it's two cents three cents
Whatever the sales tax is just to get the grid of these tolls and let me drive
And I'm thinking to myself God damn it
They're going to suck the public and they're going to pull this off
They're going to pull this off
Even as transparent as it is
But getting back to the idiots again
The morons
Just like the few thousand people that keep showing up for those Marlon games
Even though they keep coming out and saying
Oh we're going to stink
We're not going to win
We're terrible
We're a bunch of lug up
Little puffy kids
And every time we get somebody that you like we're going to trade him away
Even if they are still young guys
And not making a lot of money
We don't care
And they still keep showing up
And it's the same with these idiots
Who can't figure out the fifty cents on a toll road
Why do we have other than the fact that we've got lots and lots of assholes in this town
Who don't belong on a road in the first place
But that aside
Why do we have all this massive traffic jam up because instead of 25 cents
It's 50 cents
You've had to have been in a cocoon the last several days not to know by now
It's 50 cents on those expressways
How could you not know it
75 cents on the turnpike
Are people doing cartwheels on the turnpike
No
Is traffic backed up miles on the turnpike unless there's a wreck
No
Spin that way for a long time
Spin 75 cents back in those days when Chuck Meyer was having people mark out the thing on a quarter there
And Rick and Suds were going
You had a good idea
Remember those great days
On I
O
D
Well that's a long time
That's several years that it's been the 75 cents
And the world didn't come to an end
But for some strange reason
You people are driving dates
And it's not like there wasn't a toilet in the first place you follow what I'm saying
It's not like all of a sudden you woke up yesterday morning and there were toll booths in places where there wasn't one before
There are no new toll booths in Dade County
There's only a chain sparing yet you're getting sucked you're like
Participant in this fraud that's going on now
Your co-conspirators you're part of the goddamn problem
Because you're so goddamn stupid you can't figure out okay, it's 50 cents
I'll either have a couple of quarters or maybe I'll just have a dollar bill out and go through or maybe even better than that
I'll have to get one of those sun past things and go flying through there
This isn't like the end of the world but now comes the mayor penis yesterday
I mean this thing it's like a script of a Broadway play of a motion picture
It's all been written out it's all been a plan from the beginning
And he releases this statement what's happening today is just the forecast of things to come
Says mayor penis
About how the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority MDX
How this increases just the start and whether if we don't get that penny sales tax passed on July 29th
There's going to be 11 new toll plases
There'll be a toll plant on every goddamn street quarter in Dade County
And if we don't get that penny sales tax the tolls are going up to 75 cents in 2001
And Yadi yadi yadi yadi et cetera and so on
And the MDX plan also calls for the tolling of future value pricing lanes and high occupancy tool lanes along proposed expressway extensions
But the mayor promises and we know how good his word is
It's like he promised to oppose that arena with Mickey Ererson down there downtown for blocks from the older arena
He says I will not support tolling on future of value pricing lanes or high occupancy tooling along proposed expressway extensions
if you pass my penny sales tax.
But you'll have to take him at his word, okay?
Because we know that when Mayor Pena speaks,
you can believe it for about a half a second.
And he says with our inaction,
and the construction of new tools,
the complete clogging of vital streets in our community
will be an everyday occurrence.
So not that he's going to threaten you,
and that that they put the new toll in just in time to whip up
all this hysteria a couple of weeks before the goddamn election.
When everybody's out of town.
How come our newspapers,
how come somebody in this town somewhere in the news media
isn't psychotic about this,
doing cartwheels and summer salts?
It's as transparent as looking through a goddamn pane of glass
with a glass bin knocked out.
It's a pain alright, it's a pain in the glass.
Crazy people.
And of course you can do it here,
because like I've said before,
there's no passion about anything here.
Oh yeah, whatever you want, okay?
Just take it, just let me drive, okay?
Whatever you want.
Just rake me, screw me, stick it to me.
I don't care, I love it.
Just...
Right.
Boy, it's just, it's amazing.
And that's why we have thousands of people
that you're up for those ball games,
because they have no life.
It's going to really stink, we suck,
it's going to be bad,
it's going to be hot,
it's going to be uncomfortable.
Hey, where do we get in?
How much you want?
How much for that crackerjack?
Oh.
In fact, you know something,
I think I have figured out why
McDonald's is doing such a big business.
I think I just put my finger on it,
and the answer to...
10 past 10 at 5.60 WQAM,
you're, we tell it too much like it is
for everybody's own sanity station.
You hit my rear end.
Maiden
He's amazing,
when I shout my teeth.
Are you all coming?
Slack then switch.
We have Nou ambush.
Eh!
I couldn't find.
It very thing I still shouldn't
with that jackalai!
our
agencies
justice
right
Lucy!
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, babytwo...
inta!
Yeah!
Nothing goes down like I don't like ни, s macchera, but we do talk thing,
what it ground!
What g
detail comes when your one ain't judges any dishwasher than your mouth?
It's very easy on the dish kitchen.
and it comes out smooth like metabuses.
It's comfortable in this huge house.
Down.
Down shook it through nights in my mouth,
and it's made for my diabetes.
Now it's gonna show up at Tophead.
It's the fastest life, Libby.
On the day the end of the night.
The end of the day the end of the night.
Yeah, the muffin man, he's out of business.
What timing, nice going, Ed Brown.
Muffin man closes up shop right in the Ascent
of this morning, sugar-free treats not as labeled,
eatery owner faces suit filed by customer.
We'll get into that in a minute.
But getting back to this thing.
Take a look at the board right now, okay?
Not one single call on there, okay?
Except that pain in the ass-dave slater,
which we appreciate all your good work day
because you enrich your treatment
on the only ones that care beside me.
But I don't really care that much
because that'll live in Dave County.
And especially if these things go through,
I don't plan on driving them anymore
than I have to anyway.
I mean wait till you take a look at the Westbound Duff
and then the Eastbound, this one and the Shula
and the State Road 12,
where we already took the one booth down,
all over the goddamn place, every five blocks
there being another tool booth,
another 11 more reasons why you shouldn't go to Dave County.
And you people in Dave County, by the way,
who've already a lot of bunch of banana boat people
that take over your whole county
and to run the government and turn it into the ground,
turn it into a piece of crap.
You're the ones who are responsible
because every time they say,
you roll over, you do it like an obedient dog.
Just like you're gonna do until I 29th
in the middle of this bogus fixed election.
They are tying up there, they're creating
by intent to read this thing.
Here's somebody who faxes me this brochure
that's being handed out by the MDX.
You see, Mayor Penis makes it sound like somehow
the Miami Data Expressway Authority
has got nothing to do with him in the county.
Like it's some kind of autonomous thing
like they're not in bed together.
And yet they're released from the Miami Data Expressway
authorities talking about the toll increase
and we can't waste any more time
and we gotta raise the money
because we got gridlock, et cetera.
So it says tolls are the only funding source
MDX is authorized to use under its charter
and toll increases are needed by July,
11th in order to avoid serious delay
in this important rebuilding program.
Does anybody believe that?
By July 11th, not by July 30th
like today after the election, but by July 11th.
It was like it was life and death
that they had to get this toll increase in there
by a couple of days ago in order to make sure
that they had two solid weeks to get everybody crazy
so they would vote yes on that penny sale tax.
And they still don't give a crap.
That's the best part.
They couldn't care less.
And of course you people who are in business
in Dave County, you know that anybody with a brain
it looks like from several days in North Broward
or to South Broward, they're not gonna shop in Dave County
to pay an extra one and a half percent sales tax.
They're not gonna do it.
But don't confuse the public with the facts
because they've already gotten together behind closed doors.
They made up their mind as to what it's gonna be
and nobody cares.
I'm not, you know something I'm not gonna talk about it anymore.
I've already done my thing.
I got all whipped up to a friend's.
He I don't even live in for a con Dave County
and here's another great reason why.
You know the girl I called yesterday was talking about
if I caught up with guiding light, you know
did I keep while I was on vacation and I said no
and so she says oh there'll be no problem
and you go home today, turn it on,
you didn't miss much, you'll catch right up with it.
Well I went home yesterday, three o'clock turned on CBS
which I can only get channel four.
I can't get it on the big dish
because the local affiliates don't want you to be able
to get the out of town network affiliates.
And again, what are they doing?
What the goddamn Cubans out there in the water
in the Coast Guard 25 frickin minutes of the same bull crap?
Just like before I went away on vacation,
the same repetitious crap.
Do I care about Cubans out there in a goddamn?
Do I care about that?
No.
Most of the people in this audience
give a flying crap about this?
No.
But the media here, this is a place even more than anywhere else
in this very tightly controlled country.
This place here in South Florida
where the people are brainwashed and manipulated
by the median of politicians to such a degree
that it's hopeless.
It's hopeless baby, you ain't got a prayer.
Just come here and do like the old, the old fart still.
It's the kind of retire from life.
Don't just retire from work, retire from life.
Maybe they got it right, you know?
Maybe they really have it down to a science.
Just living their own little conclaves
and worry about their own little selfish things
and their early bird dinners
and what's in it for me
and where is my social security?
And that's it.
And just escape from all the rest of it
because it's hopeless anyway.
The horse is out of the barn.
And to watch these people in the behavior like I did,
Sunday come home from the airport
and see them because there's, you know,
so it's said it's $0.25, that's $0.50.
Okay, that was a surprise to me.
But guess what?
It wasn't like the end of the world.
Because if you're driving around out there
and you don't have the extra $0.25,
you shouldn't be driving in the first place.
And yet to watch the way you people are carrying on
and like all these lines in this guy this morning is BMW.
Oh Jesus, I don't care.
I make a $0.3.00.
I don't care what kind of sales tax you put it.
Just to stop with this insanity.
Let me say it again.
There was a toll booth.
They're already.
They just increased the toll.
Everybody with a brain.
Everybody with even a little teeny tiny one
and a brain too should understand that by now.
And yet they're like doing car wheels out there
in a road and they're switching one lane to another
and oh, what do I do and where do I go and the.
Just exactly as they knew you were gonna do.
I mean, you talk about obedient.
You talk about go stepping it aligned.
Nice going.
I'm sure that Mayor Penis is probably stroking himself
right now.
He's so excited about it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Oh, guess what the phone don't work.
Well, how do you like that?
The phone don't work.
We're gonna have to reboot the phone system
and start all over again because this is WQA
and we're here we go.
Buh, buh, buh.
You.
Reboot in the phone system.
Stand by.
Okay, you'll have to call back in.
I guess if you run hold all three of you.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8.
Palm 5 6 the on the mobile one line.
Oh, could yourself worked up into a state.
Okay, you're feeling real good.
You had a great vacation.
You got some vinegar and whatever.
A little bit of energy.
Speaking of that, by the way, Hank bunched a lot
to Zassen Vegas when he was on vacation.
I was, he was on vacation the same time as I was
and I heard the first part of Hank show yesterday and boy.
Sounded like he must have had a really rough time out there
because usually you come back from vacation
you loaded with energy and you're, thank you so much.
5 6 7 0 that was that was Mayor penis.
Thank you mayor.
Back to you.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Davie.
Hello.
More near the morning.
Yes, sir.
The only thing I had to say about that toll thing.
I think I'm just gonna pull my car up and threaten
to doubt if my car was got some lane.
Maybe that'll get Mayor penis's attention.
I doubt it.
And I'll matter material.
Okay, great.
He's not a material.
Okay, nobody here cares anything to say about this.
I mean, I realized that I'm surrounded by a lot of dumb people
out there in this town.
But Jesus Christ, how is it possible to be this indifferent?
How is it possible?
Whatever you want.
Okay, whatever you want will go along with it.
Just please, just like Howard Beel said,
when you're goddamn steel-belded radios in your pop up poster
and your colored TV and that's it.
Just leave us alone.
We don't care what you do.
This is a place where they could come and knock on your door
and pee on your front lawn and take a dump on your porch
and you still, the people, there's still
what I'm not gonna say about it.
Like, I don't like the first guy that was going
to move him like that.
He was, that was the most accurate call of all right there.
I think as of today, I think I should do myself
a tremendous service and promise never ever
to even get involved in any of these things again.
Whether it's Cubans carrying on a block in the highways
or it's corrupt politicians sticking their hand
in your pocket again and screwing you into back.
Well, what there is to make?
It's not gonna change my life.
What, why the hell should I care when I'm living
when they're air four million people?
They don't give a crap about any of this stuff.
About anything.
Nothing.
Let me just go to that restaurant where the food isn't so good
and where they tell me it's overpriced.
Let me go and check that out.
And then after that, I'll go see a ball game.
I'll go subsidize John Henry or some other billionaire
help him out.
So I'm totally changing this thing with a stadium,
they'll get a stadium.
Wherever he wants to build it, they'll get a stadium.
They'll find a way, they'll push it through the rig,
just like they're doing with this thing with the sales tax.
They'll do it.
They'll do whatever they want.
It's always been that way here.
Because you people are oblivious and then of course
we got a handful bet bet bet bet.
You know, and they don't do anything.
Here's a mobile in the world, in the Grove.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
You got to keep it up.
You know why?
You got to keep it up.
Talking to myself.
No, but you got to keep it up because one day it'll do you
with it.
They shut my business down from one day to the next here
and my Cuba County or Miami State County or whatever you
want to call it.
You know, the truth is that if property taxes and that
sales tax thing goes through and the property tax increase,
you know, Mayor.
OK, great.
56070560.560 on the mobile.
Well, he said at the bull chit is what he said.
He's right.
It's a lot of chit.
That's what life in deep county is.
It's a pilot chit.
56070560.560 on the mobile one line.
Boy, it's amazing to me.
I know.
It's just I.
I.
Exactly.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yes.
I got two things to say to you.
Number one, you show fantastic.
Listen to you every day.
Uh-huh.
And number two, 595, which found its close is the broir looking
in just bought the 441 overpass on which bound to the south
in northbound 441.
Yeah.
A little bit of information for you.
OK, thanks for the good news.
Jump now, honey.
And get it over with.
OK, jump now.
And get it over with so we can get traffic moving again.
God damn it.
We got enough problems with traffic all over town.
And she's holding traffic up because she's got some bug
upper ass.
Jump now.
And let's get it over with sweetheart.
I'm not going to be one of those people gets on here and tries to
like, you know, detour somebody from doing it.
Jump now and the quits screw it up the traffic.
Man.
Boy, cheer is great to be back in town.
Yeah.
Why the hell would anybody want to be in all those other places that I go?
You know?
When you can be here, having such a neat time.
I'm going on with Dayton Broward.
No more mocking, baby.
I just took the card of the world.
She drives my door against these three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with her.
No way.
I said I needed their lady today.
So I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain.
Waiting for the honeyfester to take me away.
Oh.
I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain.
Yeah.
It's my thing.
I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain.
The first to bust in is going to always be the same.
I'm not going to do what Dad tells me to do.
The time at high rates, he must be in pain.
Just sitting in, resting my bones.
When you're in, why my wife won't leave me alone?
We've got it over and I never win.
I just wind up treading through the mall again.
Oh, so I sit on the bench in the rain.
Waiting for the honeyfester to take me away.
Oh, you're just sitting on a bench in the rain.
It's my thing.
It's my thing.
And there he is.
That's the end time.
That's where you'll be in pain.
It's my thing.
And if you're in pain.
And if you're going, I'm just sitting on a bench in the rain.
This guy that ran gilders, there were cellamines muffin.
Like a lot of other places do, by the way.
Sugar free, fat free, etc.
And so on.
And you check on the ingredients and whatever they bake them
with you.
Find out.
Surprise.
Not sugar free.
In fact, they were using what is this stuff that they were using?
Scoop and bake.
Scoop and poop.
They were using to make it.
And Abe Bond, 85, who suffers from diabetes,
is suing a restaurant.
It's on us for more than $15,000, claiming to have consumed large quantities of the offending
muffins since 1994 as a result, suffering disability across the medical and nursing care.
Because it was he needed too many of these goddamn muffins loaded with sugar.
No more gilders in Delray Beach.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here in the land where they just absolutely refuse to care.
Same crap yesterday, 25 minutes on Channel 4 on the CBS affiliate watching Cubans
out there in a goddamn ocean with the pochking around, screw it around with the coast guard.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You are absolutely correct, sir, on this sales tax pay.
And...
And keep hammering it.
No, no, what do you mean keep hammering it?
I can't get a response.
Nobody cares about this thing.
Keep hammering my ass, okay?
Keep hammering it.
Call the hammer and tell him to hammer it, okay?
Keep it going, wait, keep it going.
That was funny.
God.
What?
I told you he must have had a bad time in Vegas.
What?
He never woke up once during that show yesterday.
He was out there at Shulas.
He wasn't close by here where they can easily poke him into ribs.
He just must have had a rough time, I guess.
Sounded like it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one.
Yeah, keep hammering away for us.
We have nothing to say about it.
We got no opinion.
We don't really care.
But keep wasting your time and your energy.
Be in the spokesman, okay?
I'm tired of being the spokesman.
Winner's no response, all right?
Like farting into a windstorm, into a goddamn tunnel.
What's the point?
You don't even get an echo.
Here's a mobile in the grove.
Hello?
First, I work in retail, high price picket items.
Yes sir.
The sales tax is going to hurt me.
Right.
I mean, it's going to cut into my pocket.
And I don't think that's necessary.
Second point is I just got back from a three week vacation
up because some family's house in Tennessee
to do some horseback riding.
I drove to Atlanta.
I didn't go through one single toll road.
I drove through Charlotte, North Carolina.
I drove all these roads.
Not a single toll road.
You could grab through Michigan.
It's got the best expressway system in America.
And you won't find one single toll road either,
until you get to the Ambassador Bridge.
I mean, this is ridiculous.
You can't go 15 miles here without spending $15.
I mean, I traveled everywhere,
and not a single road had to be paid for by toll.
Isn't it interesting, though,
that we can come up with all these creative ways
to finance stadiums and arenas for billionaires?
We can do that with taxes on tourists and so on.
No problem at all.
We can come up with the money to build a Wayne High Pingo,
$200 million dollar arena there in sunrise.
But when it comes to coming up with the money to build the roads,
we have to tax the poor bastards here, who, you know,
and again, how about the people that don't even use the roads?
Who are going to have to pay the increased sales tax?
Exactly.
And like I said, the sales tax is going to hurt.
Where are all these people in retail?
They don't think this is going to hurt them.
When you sell big ticket items,
and if you sell big ticket items,
that one cent adds up a lot.
And you know how many snores we got down here,
even if it doesn't add up a lot.
People will spend $3 in gas just to go and buy it for like,
you know, $1 cheaper in Broward County.
Well, like I say,
some people kind of wake up and start thinking using their brains.
Okay, good luck, Pat.
Have a good day.
Bye.
Yeah, this MDX piece of propaganda they're handing out
from the expressway authority says,
you know, you do have a choice.
MDX wants you to know that there may be an alternative
for the new MDK tools.
On June 22nd, the Miami-Dade County Commission approved Mayor
Pienes' proposal for a countywide referendum
for Thursday, July 29th.
And if you will go ahead and vote for that thing,
we'll abolish all these tools,
and the world will not come to an end,
and the sky will not fall, etc., and so on.
So here, you know, the Mayor wants to give the impression
like the MDX is some kind of self-propelled authority
that he's got no control over,
we're not involved with.
And yet, this is a campaign that the two of them are running together.
It's a blackmail campaign.
They're threatening you.
If you don't like what it is now,
just wait, baby.
We'll have a tool on every goddamn street corner.
We'll build another goddamn tool booth in the store your life.
If you won't let loose and give us that penny sales tax,
so we can do whatever the hell we want with it.
And we can do the same kind of fraud that Mirat Steerheim
supervised over here with the first batch
of a reelection 20 years ago in that fraud.
And I'm the only goddamn person in the media in this town
that's sitting here spewing my guts out,
and like I said, I don't know why.
Didn't do any good back then.
It won't do any good now.
Because I see these jerkballs, these assholes,
these Johnny Jerkoffs this morning sitting there,
carrying on like the world is coming to an end,
because they can't figure out how to pay the 50 cent tool.
Yeah.
How do you do that?
I guess somebody better show them how to feel the change.
Here's a mobile in the West Palm Beach.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got a question on the satellite dish
where they're taking away the network feed.
Yes.
They say you got to get the local stations and all,
and that's fine except I got to pick it.
Oh, it's not fine.
Well, you're right.
I got a big screen TV and the local feed suck.
So now I'm losing this stuff and they say,
I don't understand how the newspapers get around it.
If there's a local...
Because the newspapers aren't regulated by any government agency,
the newspapers don't have an FCC,
the newspapers do whatever they want.
Exactly.
You're right.
They do exactly what they want.
But it's the same kind of, you know,
one's a print medium, the other one's electronic,
but it's information entertainment and advertisement.
So if I get the Palm Beach Post or the Sun Sentinel locally,
how can I also get the New York Times as a Chicago Tribune
or one of those?
Sure, let me...
What are...
And I just get you're saying to you,
the print media have no government regulating agency.
There's nobody to tell them where they can distribute
or what they can do because it's called freedom.
You have the freedom to buy any publication you want,
just like you should have the freedom to watch anything
over the year that you want, especially if you're willing
to pay for it, like the network of polyaturmata town.
But instead, what we have is on the 30th of June,
we had them all removed from our big satellite dishes.
And we're forth to watch local affiliates, which, as you say,
you have a very grainy subpar picture in many cases
and, in addition to which, they just pick and choose
when they're going to pre-empt the network programming
for like long chunks of period at a time.
Like whenever there's a goddamn Cuban with it between here
and the 90 miles to Cuba in the water,
we're going to have to go away for half an hour.
Exactly. And that sucks.
You're damn right, it sucks.
And, you know, I...
I set one...
Hey, or nearly up until June 30th,
if I'd gotten home yesterday
and had that crap on Channel 4,
I would have just turned over to WSE,
either on the satellite,
and then watched it on the big nation,
said, Screw Channel 4.
I don't give a crap about any more of this banana boat crap.
Exactly. Or if you have a life and you're out doing something,
then you miss something you want to watch it, you know,
eight o'clock, you have to pick it up at 11 on the west coast.
Right. That's right.
And now you're screwed because you have the right...
And I agree, you should have the right to buy any newspaper you want.
And you should have the right to pick up any TV program.
And that's right.
You're damn right.
I don't know what else to do.
I sent the letters to Congress.
Well, I've been in your wheels, man.
Welcome to America,
where we never met in the NAPOLE we didn't like.
Better just grab our damn passport.
Okay, pal. Good luck.
Thanks, buddy.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Do they care?
No.
Are they ever going to care?
Are they going to get motivated?
Are they going to get pissed off?
No.
Are they not worked out?
No.
No.
See, whenever the Cuban's blocking roads
here a couple of weeks ago,
then everybody was psychotic.
And they, well, should have been,
then they were forming at the mouth.
Because that involved the usual old ethnic psychosis.
But here we got the roads all blocked off,
and everybody's having a nervous breakdown,
because you've got a political scam being pulled off right in front of your eyes,
and nobody gives a crap.
Nobody's got anything to say about it.
Back then, they sure had planned to say about it.
We could have done like a five-week seminar on psychosis back when the Cubans
were blocking off the roads,
because they didn't get their way just the way they wanted it with a goddamn Coast Guard.
You people, I'm telling you right now,
you've got nobody to blame but yourself.
Those of you in Dave County,
you've got nobody to blame.
Because you've sat back, you've allowed a segment of the community to run a whole goddamn thing,
and you just walk around in La La.
That's your thing.
It's a toilet.
Hi, Neil.
This is Sunny with the Word of the Day.
We're here for a good time.
Not a long time.
Yeah, especially in your case.
Oh, God, Neil.
Me, this is Standbyenstein for Sofaking.
You understand?
Where everything is held to the high, sofaking standards.
The selection isn't just huge, it's sofaking huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And Sofaking's price is not just low, they're sofaking low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the Sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge.
A staff that's sofaking courteous and pricey is that a sofaking low,
you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
Sofaking good.
You said it, Frankie.
Sofaking good.
1046 at 560 WQAM.
We have 62 open lines here.
560 560.
On the mobile one line.
It's the middle of the summertime.
The people would have brand their own account around vacation.
So what am I getting excited about?
It's the same old crap you've been doing.
You know, after 23 years you'd like to think that sometimes,
somewhere along the line, maybe you made a little bit of difference.
You said something.
You did something.
Is it possible here?
No.
No.
So just take the money and keep making a lot of noise.
Kill some time.
Call him Dale.
Hello.
And Dale, I really can't come in on the MDX.
I don't go down to Dave County without a police escort.
But there was a human blockade.
They attempted in St. Louis yesterday.
I know.
Probably resulted in that asshole that called us from St. Louis yesterday.
Probably protesting his abort behavior.
But the differences there, they arrested 200 demonstrators.
Mostly black, I believe.
Including Reverend Al Sharp too.
And you'll never notice the resemblance between Jeff Bush and that.
Okay, 560 705 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello, I can see this is going to be a short effort today.
Miami.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Go on, it's Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Meaning what?
What?
Meaning what?
Meaning what?
You got any material?
No, you got no material.
You're just another asshole.
Okay, get back out of an anavoid.
I'll write pal.
Well, pack your media notes.
And a Cuban bullet.
560 705 60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in the rail.
Hello.
Hey Neil, what's going on?
Not a damn thing pal.
Same old method.
Yeah.
Same old death net.
You can almost smell it.
Well, I'm pretty pissed off and fired up about this penny tax.
Yeah, well nobody else.
Nobody cares.
See, people need to realize it's going to affect every single person in date county, this penny tax.
Yeah.
If you calculate it, it's a penny per dollar that you waste in everything that you buy.
So it's going to cost a lot more to everyone, this penny tax, than the 25 cents extra that you will be paying.
Did you see this mayor yesterday on TV with his little chart showing how much the toll is going to raise like by the year 2002.
And in 2010, it will be like, up a dollar.
And in 2020, it's going to be up a...
Yeah, I'm sure everybody here is really concerned about 2020.
I'm sure we're worried about that.
Right, the minimum wage will probably be about $15 an hour anyway.
Yeah.
But I'm voting no.
My growth is voting no.
First, this is voting no.
Her mother's voting no.
No, no, no.
Thank you Neil.
No, no, no.
Vote early and often pal, two 300 times a piece at least.
560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady mobile in Lauderdale Lakes.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes ma'am.
I just wanted to let you know my family and I had just gotten back from Europe.
And it's amazing how in Switzerland, in a city like Basel, people can just hop on and off public transportation.
You don't have to wait, not even maybe a minute to.
You can get all over the city.
Right.
They're wonderful roads.
And I don't see anybody paying tolls about anything.
And my husband has practically half his paychecks taken away from the...
by the government for supposedly roads, schooling, and all of this business.
And yet, when you stop and think about it, what we have the worst school system,
I think we're worth the Mississippi now.
We have horrible roads.
They're constantly patching and unpatching them.
And we have to pay through the nose for them.
Now I don't live in day county, but I'm fumed every time I have to go there and stop, you know,
every five seconds along the way, to pay to use these substandard roads.
And I think people ought to really think hard where they're not going to.
You can sit here and pontificate and say what they ought to do and what they ought to think.
They don't care.
They don't care.
I'm sitting here today doing my usual begging for a phone call routine.
And I would have thought when I sat down here this morning,
I even mentioned this again that the people would have been up at arms.
But they don't care.
All they do, all they want to do is hate each other.
That's all they know about.
So if I can't stop.
If it has an ethnic flavor to it, then they get whipped up into a frenzy about it.
But if it has to do with things that affect all of us, they don't care.
And it's really so ludicrous because when you go to other places,
and you see how many people from all over the place live in all these cities,
get along, and really get upset about the things that are common to everybody.
As you say, education.
Well, when I go to your final round, I would never dream of running a car or using a car.
You have every kind of transportation.
I know.
You have the trams and buses and subways.
It's amazing.
But even if you use my husband and I did run a car, it was wonderful.
You drove all over the expressways.
Never had a problem.
There were all kinds of gas stations, food where you go,
God forbid, get real food when you pull off on the expressways,
instead of plastic stuff.
It was amazing.
And why is it that we have such a problem down here?
And it wasn't any better before we had all these ethnic.
I mean, it's always been bad.
You're building a arena in the stadium, sweetheart.
We don't have money for things like schools and roads.
We don't have money for that.
I guess not.
We have to keep blackmailing the public and threatening them to get the money.
It almost sounds like...
I had the tape to call you because it sounds like, okay, I'm sounding off.
You're sounding off.
And as you say, we just...
We're just like, we're in the dark.
We're just whistling in the dark.
These people don't care.
And it's horrible because we unfortunately have to live here.
My husband has business here.
I can't take off and leave.
Well, I live in Broward County.
Other than the Turnpike, I don't pay a toll anywhere.
So I'm not worried about it.
Some of how it's powered, we manage to survive without all the tolls.
Somehow, let's hope it stays that way.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Just keep blackmailing and threatening and putting these little games together.
And it works.
That's why they do it because it works.
And because every time they do it, the herald joints in there
and the rest of the media sits back like they got the palsy,
like they got the cats got their tongue.
And that's it.
And they just go ahead and do whatever the hell they want.
And you people sit back on your ass.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I mean, to see that scene with these people with the lines backed up.
Oh my God.
50 cents instead of a quarter.
What are we going to do?
How the hell are we going to get through this thing here?
How does it work?
How can it be done?
Oh, man.
How can they find our service for 23 years?
And I'll keep saying it.
Asking the same question.
How can they stick so many stupid people in the same place at the same time?
That's the question for the ages.
Man, where did they find them?
They must have had a factory where they stand them all out.
All these people sit in there wondering,
and of course they get right up to the booth.
Naturally, God forbid that you know,
like should a half a mile ahead get your change out
or have some kind of concept.
I mean, it only has big, big green and blue signs up there.
Pull ahead, et cetera, and so on.
How much it is?
No, no.
Just pull in there and then start to try to finger it out.
Here's a lady in coconut crea.
Hi, I just ended up calling the White House.
You can call the White House anybody can get the phone number
from information and explain that we live down here.
And the president I didn't realize was coming.
He's not coming because there's a Cuban situation or anything like that.
But the bottom line is I would like to see an American flag flowing once in a while down there.
I was thinking the next time they've been...
Okay, great.
Everybody call the White House and tell them
we want to see an American flag flowing down there.
Okay?
Wherever down there is.
Woo!
See what I'm saying?
That's what gets them whipped up.
Let's start with the Cubans again.
Let's start with the ethnic business.
Let's start with all that crap all over it.
Come on, here we go.
That's it.
Keep it up.
Let's go.
That's it.
That'll get them worked up.
All the same people like that bitch.
Called the White House to tell them that she'd like to see a Cuban flag stuck down here.
Stick this, honey.
Stick it up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Calm 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Yeah, send her a limp biscuit, okay?
Tell her to...
Stick it up, here we go.
Great song, by the way.
Not...
Man with a piece of crap.
What a... what garbage.
What's swill?
You show me a white guy trying to do rap.
Then I'll show you really, you know, other than Eminem, okay?
I'll make an exception there.
Which we have to...
Every other word that he says anyway.
Because he's a little on the six side.
You don't want him to say it?
Like my anus.
Here's...
No, I don't mean my anus is on the six side, not yet.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
Great.
I live in Miami and the problem with a lot of these elections in Miami is they only let the city of Miami vote on them.
No, this is a countywide...
This is a countywide.
Sure, a county election.
Which it should be defeated easily because most people in the county should realize that 25 cents will be much better than another penny sales tax.
But most of the Miami issues, it's voted on such a small percentage of the actual...
You know, when you consider Miami, you've got to consider candle and the gables and all the other areas.
And they don't get to vote on it.
So it really...
What does that have to do with this?
Because I'm really scared again.
It just got to your saying it's a countywide election.
Right.
The countywide...
That being held in the middle of the summertime was at least 50% of the people who live in the county are out of town.
Well, that's a political thing that they've rigged and of course they're going to try to...
You know, which is a joke because the mayor is a joke and he tries to make it seem like his way with the penny tax would be easier.
You know what? It costs $3 to get to Manhattan.
You know, it costs money to drive sometimes and that's all you have to...
You know, 50 cents if you don't have 50 cents to pay for a toll, you shouldn't be driving.
Parking isn't going to get it off the road, that's right.
I mean, you know, it's real simple.
But the whole city of Miami, as long as we have the same politicians running the city of Miami, it'll never change.
And, you know, the bigger the city grows with the more people that come into the city, the harder it gets for anything to change.
It doesn't seem like it's going to change anytime soon.
Okay, I'll see you in brown.
Yep.
56670560, pound 560.
I'm so depressed.
I'm so sorry that I came back here.
I can't begin.
There are no words for me to describe how depressed I am that I came back to this place where the people are sitting.
So God, them indifferent, so uninvolved, so asleep, so lethargic, so pathetic.
There will be a behavior, this, like I said, these people out there in a row with this, backed up a mile because there's been a 25 cents increase and putting on a show just exactly what the politicians predicted and hoped for and prayed.
If they would have written a script, you couldn't have acted out better for them, including that jackass they hit on Channel 4 News this morning.
Sir, I hope they charge you 80% sales tax and everything you buy, okay?
Just because you're such a jackass.
Yeah, God don't care what it is.
2% 5% just give me out of this traffic.
Woo!
Exactly.
For the rating of my 6th meeting, don't you delay any time as a sports lottery day!
Now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC.
Dr. Burnham?
A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a buster.
Always talking about what he wants just sits in his broke ass.
So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine.
And no, I don't want to meet you, nowhere.
No, I don't want none of your time.
And no, I don't want no scrub.
A scrub is the guy that can't get no love for me.
Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, trying to holla at me.
No scrub. No scrub. No no.
No scrub. No no no no no.
No scrub. No no.
No.
I can't fucking hit it yet.
Level 2 of 5.
60 WQAM.
So anyway, here's the facts from Bob Barron.
Who the hell is Bob Barron?
That's not the old, the old, oh no, this is a Bob Barron with the Miami Fusion, is that it?
Axiol and Newton-Achial.
Yeah.
And anyway, this guy sends the facts to the first team, complaining bitterly about how they're always bashing soccer.
He sends it to our facts machine.
So Bob, it's very articulate, you're full of crap though, by the way, because the guys in the morning are right.
Nobody here cares about soccer.
Whether it's the fusion or the confusion or the confluence, or whatever it is, the confluence, nobody cares.
So give it a rest, Bob.
And next time you want to send a fact to the first team, send it to their facts machine, it'll maybe get to them.
Because every time we get a fact that they didn't close to being for the worst team, we tear it up immediately without even reading it because it'll piss off D-Fo and his mother.
Oh, sorry Betty.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yeah, hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I hope anybody who's before this vote comes up uses their brains and some mathematics and realizes the cars are going to cost you to $300 more.
They're not going to do that.
People aren't mathematicians, they're emotional creatures.
And what's being done now, this whole scan that's being orchestrated now to work on the emotions and the frustrations of the drivers in the aid county,
which is the people who are going to be here in two and a half weeks to vote on this thing, that's what's going to influence them, not dollars and cents.
They're not going to sit down with a calculator and forgive these things out.
Yeah, because I mean, I chose my work according to where I live to eliminate driving. That's my choice.
If they choose to drive it down to Miami, it's going to stop whether there's a toll booth or not.
Yeah.
But it's going to cost us a restaurant, it's going to cost us a washer dryer, a big screen TV, anything you buy.
We're going to be given money out, and if we don't drive it, we're paying for it.
Yeah.
So I just hope people use their brains, but that's that a lot in this county.
Okay, good luck, sir.
Yeah, I'll go on to us all.
Yeah, I mean, he starts with a brains business, that's why I still getting really nervous because, I keep wondering what brains he's talking about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, they pound 5, 6, the out of eight TNT wireless line, Hank Goldberg, sure I'm sure Hank will be awake by today.
You know, that first day back from vacation is always tough.
He'll be on here from two to six this afternoon.
6 o'clock, we got Jim Man, and then 7, 45, we got to add all star game, which the 10 people who interested in that will be watching it on TV.
But we got it because it killed some really good time and then at Kaplan after the game
I'm sure am I right about that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile and homestead.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
Never figured you for an M&M fan.
Have you heard the new sway and DJ, Keck CD with one new track from M&M and one where
he's doing a bunch of stuff with a bunch of other hip-hop artists?
Yeah, I saw one of the cuts last night on the...
The anthem?
What was it?
The cut that you saw was called the anthem.
There were a ton of people in there that was kind of Chino and a couple of others.
That was the one.
Oh, it was funny because I went to the M&M show which I didn't see, but there was maybe
like 20 people in the over 21 section over there at the cameos.
Yeah.
Because they, you know, of course, they were like alcohol upstairs and it was like, I've
watched your 15 year olds and I've looked around and said, I'm getting old but my taste
you're still young, Neil.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
All right.
Take it easy.
Okay, see ya.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think what he said was that Limpus gets sucks and he's absolutely right.
Their album came on in Goalboard by the way, number one before the week.
He showed the American music.
Oh, God.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Toy Box.
You ever going to hear from them over here?
No.
I doubt it.
Just like when I came back from vacation at other time and played steps, only less and
worse record we ever heard in our lives.
Okay.
9 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQM.
You stick with Jennifer Lopez, okay, and I'll stick with Toy Box.
Anybody out there got a toy box?
Dolphins football sports radio.
5, 60.
Q, A.
Okay, let me lead you in a little bit of a secret.
Okay, we already know about the brought on 5, 95 and 4, 41.
Okay.
No more phone calls about it.
No more facts is about it.
We already had it on the air.
We know about it.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Okay.
I told her to jump already and get it over with sort of clear the traffic and get you all
going again, but that's the best I can do.
Man, oh man, oh man alive.
What a place this is.
It's just staggering.
It's just amazing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I want my salad from Trucks by the way for lunch.
I want that real nice salad.
He does, you know, with the cool cuts and the cheese and stuff like that soon.
Really soon.
I need salad for my brain.
Here's a mobile in Miami lakes.
Hello.
Hey, no, yes, sir.
I know.
He's going to go by this throw off the bridge.
It looks nice.
I had dealership and asked him in the sun.
I'm I'm not going to believe this.
First of all, nobody speaks English there and they got Santa Claus and Christmas trees
and Christmas fights.
I'm ready.
Yeah, I need to tell those two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you see what I'm saying?
That's all you people want to talk about.
That's all you know.
The thing that's got to do with Mayor penis here other than the fact that he's a professional
Cuban, but other than that, this is all a date county.
It's got an ethnic thing.
And we get to one broad and they old bitch that's on the phone to the White House.
Whereas looking for somebody with an American flag down there.
She don't even live in a date county, but she's got a big mouth worried about what kind
of flag they're waving down there.
And then we got this guy in here who's going out of his way to go to date county to look
out for people who can't speak English.
That should be real tough sir looking for people in English and date county.
We're getting a search party.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
The town that doesn't work folks don't let anybody pull the wool over your eyes for
even a half a second.
This place doesn't work.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So going to shoot down anybody's idea of going up to Broward and avoiding the fail
fact they increase.
I can tell you because I did this myself when it's about my car because fail fact was
cheaper and Broward.
Yes.
I was in 92 and they had to charge into the fail facts regardless and send it back to
my two day county.
Well, if you think that you if anybody thinks that they call out.
You mean you live in date county because I've decided in date county.
Yeah.
They had to charge me the date county.
Well, move to Broward.
That's my suggestion sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound for all in your case stay in date.
I have pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
I know how you doing.
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I find out some good work.
So yesterday.
No, I did not.
Okay.
Most of it's not where you buy it but higher for parents.
How are you talking about?
What do you mean by that?
How do you click the broadcast?
Yeah.
How do you click it?
Just like throw it in the grill or what do you do?
Oh, how do I cook it on the grill?
Okay, before you put it on the grill try this.
There's what we used to do in the Midwest.
Take it a big pile of boiling water, put about a half a camera beer in it and some onions.
Yeah.
And boil all the bratwurst in that beer and water mixture for about 10 minutes.
Yeah.
And then take it out and throw it on the grill.
Okay.
It'll taste a lot better.
But where am I going to find it?
Okay, we can find it.
Well, do you want to go and have it and either the restaurant or the very end village
at Hollywood?
The Barbarian Village.
Uh-huh.
You mean the Barbarian Village?
Barbarian Village.
Do they have a deli?
I don't think you've taken out there but you've sit down and eat it.
No, no, I don't want to sit down and you want to take it home and make it like on the grill.
Well, the best stuff that you can find is Johnsonville bratwurst to the Wind Lakes
here of public.
Oh, no, public's just got no bratwurst.
That was in my public's last night.
I scoured in there.
They don't have any bratwurst.
Well, another public's still going down my work.
The one down here by work?
Well, not here.
I'm here on 441.
That's for bed now.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Woo.
I know.
Excuse me.
I get carried away.
I was in Cologne, Germany.
They have very good bratwurst there and I come back here and right away I think I'm still
in Germany.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
I got a little bit carried away.
I mean, something is unreasonable of that to expect to be able to walk into a market.
You know, what the over took my brain there?
I just had a brain fart, I guess.
Assuming I could walk into a supermarket or into like a deli where they have like actual
sausages and bratwurst and all these things.
Excuse me.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
What's going on, man?
What's the deal?
You know, here, are you talking about white rapids?
Are you like Eminem?
I know a white rapid who's like, he's from Miami.
Yeah.
His name is FEMA.
I saw him with the artillery constantly.
You know what I had to gunshots and if that wasn't all that.
Yeah.
You know the man you got to check him out.
No, I'll pass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, rap sucks.
Okay, rap is for morons, rap is for idiots.
You got it, pal.
Rap is for people without a brain.
Rap, they left the sea off it.
Okay, they left the K off the beginning of the word.
They left the K off of a crap.
You got it, pal?
Here's a mobile and deer field beach.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Just got back from Vegas, loved it.
Yeah.
They did the Mandalay Bay.
I wanted to ask you though, I was watching a TV for a couple of minutes and I see they
had the heads for the Tom Likus radio show.
How come they don't do it down here?
They don't have heads for your show.
There are a lot of people.
Because I work for a bunch of cheap bastards who don't promote this station and don't
promote this show and it's a miracle we have any audience because I work for a cheap
bastard called the Beasley's and Greg Reed who's busy in Montana right now and that's
you'll tell you a lot about his personality.
I mean, they're advertising him like every 20 minutes.
Yeah, well, we don't get any advertising.
And down here, I've been listening to you now for about 11 years, 10 years and they're
people when I say Neil Rogers, they go, who?
Exactly, that's right.
Unbelievable.
Anyway, that's all I've got to say, love you, Neil.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, there it is, a little salt in the wounds.
I mean, his intentions are good, but he doesn't ever seem to want to accept the fact that
they work for cheap pricks who don't want to spend any money to promote us because,
you know, somehow we still manage to fumble our way through without it.
And they load up the log with 8 million spots and then they got to give all the money to
John Henry and the Wayne and the just a vicious cycle here.
But in the meantime, like Hank says, just take the money, like Gildey says, like everybody
around here says, if they've been here long enough, just take the money and run and they're
right.
They're absolutely right.
Because otherwise you could go nuts.
You can have a nervous breakdown from these people.
They absolute refusal, the inability, they just, you know, don't want to have anything
to do with the way this business is supposed to be conducted and they want to stick it
up the butt all the time.
But nevertheless, some people around here might like that.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, man.
I think?
Can't hear you at all.
Okay, I think the reason I should probably have it, I've got much responsible people
concerned about the penny sales time is that most of the folks that would have been
concerned are not living in day count anymore.
They feel that are still left here that would be concerned.
They're just waiting for retirement so that they can leave day count as well.
Yeah.
It is unfortunate to say it.
It's finished.
Day count is history.
Yep, yep, yep.
You're right.
All right, bye bye.
Thanks.
Now she's right.
Very succinct right to the point.
She's absolutely correct.
By the way, before I forget about it, yesterday I was mentioning the Newsweek magazine,
July 12th, and probably some people went after the news stand and they thought, what
is he talking about?
Is God dead on a front page article?
Because yesterday in a mail at home, I get my July 12th issue of Newsweek, the US edition,
not the European one that I bought the, where the hell was it, and I'm still there
at the airport.
And lo and behold, on the front cover of the one here, Latin USA, the article I was talking
about was Bill Drekkenair and our loud and all that bull crap.
I was really obnoxious, repugnant, unacceptable articles.
That's the front page story.
Now the thing about is God dead in Western Europe and sure can look that way in all the statistics
and the other stuff that I read.
Is that story in here at all?
No.
Is there any mention?
No.
No.
How do you like that?
So you see in Europe in Newsweek, they can handle this.
They can handle the facts and they can deal with it because they realize that it's all
a bunch of bull crap.
But the American public were so brainwashing with the religion and horse crap, they got
to have this garbage on the front page with Bill Drekken talking out loud.
Good show there, Bill.
That was cool.
Yeah.
That was great.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Mio.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I'm going to go to know against the failed facts that come up this month.
Yeah.
And I think I'd like to say a little bit of a little story here.
I've got the sun pass views on 836 and they've made every lane, a sun pass lane.
So therefore you're stuck in every lane with backed up.
It's crazy.
What do you mean, every lane is a sun pass lane?
How can they do that?
They do.
Every lane has a big meta sign over the lane that they accept sun pass.
So therefore everybody, even the people who don't have sun pass can get in those lanes.
So it's not a...
So in other words, you're saying on the 836 there are no exclusive sun pass lanes?
You got it, baby.
Brilliant.
Thanks for the good news.
Hey, also, it doesn't matter if they take out these top 5's or not.
5 years from now traffic's going to double.
10 years is going to double.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Well, guess what?
No, what they don't understand is 5 years from now 90 percent of the people will move
out of the day county.
So it really doesn't make any difference.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I taught her on Saturday evening.
I was watching ET Entertainment tonight.
And you remember when you were raving about Jeff Topovich?
Yes.
The UN player?
Right.
Well, his brother Doug is far more gorgeous.
I guess they were more gorgeous.
How can you say that?
They're identical twins.
They are?
Yeah.
Well, they don't look identical.
They sure look like it to me.
Well, I wonder.
So I thought the one voice already graduated.
Yeah.
Well, maybe they're not.
I don't think so.
But they sure look like it in the pictures I saw.
Oh, the way to see the other fellow.
I did see him.
I've got the thing.
Oh, OK.
That way it was in the catalog for Abacrombian fish.
All right.
That's what they're modeling.
Right.
What you're going to see.
You'll notice when I brought that up, everybody around here went mum.
One or two people admitted they heard of him.
He worries number 38 or whatever for the hurricane.
But all of a sudden, as soon as they found out that he was a male model,
everybody in the sports people went mum like they never heard.
I have no idea what I'm talking about.
Oh, it's just unbelievable.
You know, what you were talking about, Brotworth, do you have a Borsehead section in your public?
Yes.
Well, in the big publics down here on US1, they have the Brotworths
in that section.
Really?
So you might double check it.
I think I'm going to have to talk to my people over there at publics because...
No, I'd like to be pushy and start bossing them around.
But I mean, is it like on American to go in there and buy Brotworths?
Is there something wrong with that?
No, they'll order it for you.
OK.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in-for-lotter deal.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Brotworth's report.
It's called ML, EM-IL, ML sausage.
Eva Braun is behind the counter, whacking them up and making them.
Yeah.
You have to take federal highway, north to commercial.
OK, thanks a lot, pal.
And when you get to Jackson, by the way, make a U-turn, come back to Daytona.
That's where it is.
I'm not...
Don't you understand?
I mean, every time I ask, where can you get...
I'm killing a blank.
Where do you get...
Yeah, whatever it is.
And it's like, oh, well, if you drive up to commercial and you go all the way over to a federal highway,
and you make a U-turn and spin around, just pass loymes, you know, I'm not talking about that.
We're not talking rocket science.
Here we're talking about buying some goddamn meat.
That's what we're talking about, OK?
Where's the frickin' meat?
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm not talking about that tool thing anymore.
I will never...
I'm never going to get sucked into that thing.
It's the worst...
I don't live in date.
I work just barely over the county line, and I hop on the turnpike, which the tools will continue to be there,
and I don't...
Doesn't bother me in the least bit.
And life goes on.
And you people live in date?
Screw you.
OK, you don't give a crap.
Screw you.
I'm not going to say you're going to keep being a spokesman and turn my guts out for a bunch of people that don't give a crap.
Screw it.
Good luck to you.
You'll need it.
Where are the exploding balls?
Yes, I'm a melted jet-roolly, or who floated in two towns.
And when I'd read all the arrows, I just can't pull it down.
Since all the gringos move the way that other try to get.
The enemy, I will do changes, laymen, that's to the enemy, anger out.
The anti-tank or others, it takes my time to roll and roll and roll.
And it's perfect for a town, where there's no life to be found.
Outside of what's really in the past, like robbing ATMs and juke-tings or isn't the hentel-hair locators to the arrogance and obstacle-bullio.
It's come, movie, said it's the bad that's already too long.
I'm reading when I get the case of black bean squirts.
And then I wipe my ass and I wipe a barrel of shirt of the anti-tank or others.
The anti-tank or others, it takes my time to roll.
The anti-tank or others, it takes my time to roll and roll.
There I was, black piggy.
I don't see.
Yes.
I'm coming to the channel for it.
It's hot away, that makes it, I hate robbers.
Let me go out.
It's a trade.
Four.
1132-560-WQM Rafael Resendas Ramirez Schwartz Puppy Compo, they caught him, okay?
The railway killer is in custody.
Happy now?
And brought is still a hovering over 595 and 441 we think.
56670560-Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Nail?
Yes, sir.
You can solve your sausage problem on the way home from your office today.
If you go over towards the turnpike to go home, keep on going to university and go up
and a block north of Johnson Street on university.
There's a place called International Sausage.
It's a European guy that's in here probably has his kids and his mother-in-law and everybody else
working there.
They make the sausage, they smoke the sausage, they learn how to do it.
Yeah.
Right there on the side.
And it's very reasonable, very nice people.
And they've been here a hundred years.
And it's on university?
Yes, sir.
Right.
It's literally a block north of Johnson Street right next to the sitcom station.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Have a nice day.
There you go.
That's all of that problem.
No more meat.
Okay. Enough of the meat.
560-Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
You just said no more meat.
I was going to tell you about getting the real sausages out of Cologne that you never mind.
You're going ahead.
Well, it's going to be a drive for you.
There's a German deli at the point in beach.
It's only German.
Del order you buy the case and you can freeze it.
No.
But they bring it in from Germany.
Yeah.
A lot of the stuff like the Johnsonville, it's very Americanized.
That was in Cologne a couple years ago.
And Johnsonville's okay.
But the real good stuff you can get from that deli up there.
There's another one down here in South day.
But I know you don't come today today.
No way.
No way.
I can't afford the tools.
Oh, well, sorry.
Thanks.
Bye.
560-Pound 560.
We finally hit the raw nerve here today.
We hit the meat line.
567-0560-Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm another meat guy.
I'm sorry.
But I'm moving.
I'm moving.
I'm moving.
I'm moving.
I've closed my business.
I'm here cleaning up.
I've been listening to you for years.
I'm in daycare and I'm leaving.
Really?
Yeah.
I've moved to Broward four years ago when they checked the insurance up so you couldn't even live here anymore.
And now my business, I'm closing it and I'm moving to Broward County.
And my sausage place is real near you and it's the original guy from the one on university.
Yeah.
And he makes it in the shop and it's on Biscayne Boulevard.
Two blocks from Pembroke Road going north.
Biscayne Boulevard in Pembroke Road.
We're in two different county.
You mean Federal Highway?
No, no.
Biscayne Boulevard.
Let me think.
No, you're right.
Biscayne Boulevard.
Biscayne Boulevard in Dade County.
Tendrick Road is in Broward County, never the Twaints shall meet.
Biscayne Boulevard has in the Federal Highway.
You have one.
Just north of Pembroke Road.
You know what?
We're on the Gulf Stream side but down the road.
I wouldn't go anywhere near there.
Very good.
He's European.
Probably right there.
There's plenty of Rosenberg over there.
Oh.
My good luck, Japan.
Yeah, you too.
Thank you so much.
Okay, 600 open lines here this morning.
It's really desperate.
Okay, I apologize profusely for getting all worked up about that stupid mayor penis.
I don't care about that crap, okay?
I just don't care.
If you don't care, why the hell should I care?
We just don't care, right?
Is that it?
Okay.
Should have checked before I started this morning, taking a survey.
Do you care?
No.
And they all would have said, no.
Then we could have moved on with life, talked about something important like where we get some good meat.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&P wireless line.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello.
That guy was right on the university.
He makes all kinds of different sizes.
It's real good.
And you'll even make them for you if you have a special recipe like up your own, or something you want to leave out something that you can't eat or something else you have to have for you too.
But also 95 Southbound.
A car exploded, some fire traffic has stopped at 84.
Right underneath the overpass.
All right.
I mean big fire.
Cars are not moving.
Excellent.
Thanks for the good news.
I know your traffic report won't stay at the top.
No, we don't have any traffic reports.
I have a TV set here with the small satellite dish.
I have no contact with the outer world.
We don't even have a newswire in this station.
There's three helicopters looking.
Yeah.
It's not as exciting as the boat's floating in, but it's something.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
See, we have no contact with that.
We don't have the cable.
We don't have like, I mean, the antenna farm is only across the street from us.
You know, if we were going to get, and by the way, what are we going to do about that Chuck situation?
I just tried again, which maybe his phone is off the hook or it's out of order.
Maybe he heard me say that we were going to get food from over there and they took the phone off the hook.
Chuck, if you're listening, what else is going on with your phone?
What are you looking like that?
I mean, we're going to have to get some lunch in here pretty soon.
And I'm really horny for Chuck's that really spicy, whatever the thing is.
But evidently, 5.6.7, oh, you finally got a ring.
See, you probably had the phone was off though.
He heard what I said.
See, if you're going to communicate, you got to get on the ear because Chuck's the one guy that's listening to the day.
He's the only one.
5.6.7.0, 5.60, 0.5.60.
I'm just going to play toy box and best friend the rest of the day over and over again.
I like it.
Of course, if you haven't seen the video, it loses something in translation.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Me and what's going on with me?
Not a thing, pal.
Hey, I'm talking about this pending tax bull crap.
You know what I'm saying?
We're talking about that they raised tolls to 50 cents and all that crap.
Yeah, I'm listening.
Not only did they raise it to 50 cents, they had out of the seven possible lanes to get through there.
They had to be even closed.
Yeah.
Just to piss people off more.
You understand what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
And that was the jackass.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
That's a bulletin.
Kishamistit.
One line, let up on the board.
Now we can go back to some music.
I'll play that.
What is that thing that I got from Norway?
Unforgivable center by Lynn A. Marlon.
That's number one in Italy.
Very big.
I'm going to play just European music since these people got nothing to say.
5.6.7.0, 5.60, 0.5.60, 0.5.60 on the AT&T line.
Why in God's name, seriously, if there is, if there is anything in the universe, if there's anything out there,
if even Mr. Spock is listening, why in the world did I come back to a place like this?
Where's my meat?
Crapital records is proud to present the Elvis album Everyone can win this war.
It's Elvis in Seattle.
I don't mind feeling brimmed from the mouths of decadence.
I'm getting hungry.
Hey Red, give me a cheeseburger, man.
And see if the Colonel's guy left the rosarii.
I'm getting hungry.
That's right.
The King of Rock and Roll is playing the King's Ove.
And you've got a front row ticket.
Will Jeremy Spock in Class of the Elvis covers all the great Seattle bands.
Pearl Jam, Sounddust and the one that started it all, Nirvana.
Oh man, I'm a battle, my mosquito, my libido.
Elvis is very well and rocking Seattle only on Crapital records and tape.
Massaged, there's some cheetos.
Mass and foes.
Man, potatoes.
Welcome 40, very much.
560, you're welcome.
WQM.
So anyway, Joe Castello's mom calls and says that the sausage shop that these people are recommending
the old world, whatever the name for was, that it sucks.
And that the good stuff is in Hollywood mall in that deli, which I know that place where that German guy runs it.
It's a German sausage shop.
Am I going to the Hollywood mall?
No.
Is anybody else going in?
No.
But thanks to Mrs. Castello.
Thanks for the memories and I won't waste my time going around university in Johnson because she said it sucks.
By the way, Channel 10, Big Expo's a yesterday.
They got nothing better, no important news going on.
So what do they do? They can take a bunch of teenagers and they send them out to various movie theaters around town.
Did you see that thing?
To see who's getting ID and who's not getting ID into those R-rated movies?
Oh my god, America grow up already.
Because Bubba said, the same guy that's up there getting blow jobs and sticking the cigars in every or a orifice he can.
That's why they call it the Oval Orifice.
And he's talking to Trinik about, you know, now we got to start to check an ID and make sure because then we don't have to worry about violence.
Okay.
As long as you make sure your kids don't go to these sexual and violent movies got for bit.
I mean, is there anybody who in their right mind who really believes this goody two shoes of bull crap approach to life?
No.
Of course not. Does he believe it?
No.
Here's a mobile in derail. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, it's been a long time. Probably five years. I'm your long lost.
Volusia County Nazi sheriff, correspondent.
Bob Vogel that makes the minority stop on 995.
At any rate, I live near the corner beach and I make 60% of my income driving on my Annie gate county roads.
And if they take the tolls down, it will be a blessing for me.
But you know what? I don't spend tax time number one.
I sleep in Broward for safety purposes.
And when I'm in a hotel down here, for nine years I've been listening to you on Mondays and Tuesdays and now we're going to do this.
It's only going to benefit me but I don't spend any money in the gate county.
So, you know, let an asset on move. It's absolutely unbelievable.
And just for the record, the troopers are in on it now.
It's 2, up in 95. So you guys that are running drugs, you may want to get on US one before you get to the borderline's exit 85.
Okay, thank you.
Good news. Thanks for the money.
Take care.
Oh, God.
Oh, Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh, that's right. Don't let those kids under 17 see that South Park movie.
They're definitely going to be blowing each other's brains out.
They might even stick one of those Cuban bullets in their rectum from next.
Oh, crazy, crazy country man.
Let's just keep everybody like a 10-year-old, like a five-year-old, and then we don't have to worry about anything, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 8-course, the NRA. We want to make sure all the kids keep buying all the guns they want.
That's okay.
But don't let them buy a pack of those faggots or see some of those movies like South Park and all these other damn things.
God.
He's coming out, bunch of assholes.
That must be it.
Here's a mobile and cave coral. Hello.
Neil God.
Yes sir.
Tom Green for Canadian President.
Right.
Take care of Green.
We're doing those Pepsi spots for the first time on MTV last night.
Nice going Tom.
Oh, yeah, he's a man.
I left Dave. I left Howard.
Now I live with Fort Myers and there's some civility out here.
People are nice and respectful.
I think the word you're looking for though is boring.
I mean, it's pretty boring here. I can't even imagine how boring it's got to be there.
It's changing.
Yeah, it's changing.
They probably got some nice stuckeys there, you know, a long I-75 and some of those exits. They probably got a nice stuckey thing.
You guys stay around the beach, even downtown Fort Myers. They have a little area there. Good enough base, bar.
No.
You gotta go out late night. That's it.
No.
And the people here are getting younger.
Yeah.
They're under 70 now.
Exactly.
Meeting ages down to 69. That's the only thing I'm going to fight over there, but that's a meeting age.
You know, the most frustrating part about listening to your show now is that I have to get filled in on all this Cuban neo-Hoki stuff going on.
You don't want to hear anything.
I don't want to know about it. Believe me. Trust me.
Hey, I close my douchebag.
Yes, sir.
Lenny, you're Cuban. Get out of Miami. And I love my dad.
Okay.
Thanks, Dale.
Okay.
Five, six, seven.
So we finally got to it and check what was the story of the phone off the hook.
They got a couple of really big orders that they were dealing with.
You got some goddamn nerve, Mr. I mean, they got a couple of big orders.
I mean that somebody is actually paying for it.
We're looking to suck up a free lunch from them over here and disrupt their take into big orders.
And you got some nerve getting on the air and making a big think about that.
Why did five six seven, oh five sixty.
I'm going back on vacation. I'm serious. This really sucks.
Yesterday for Monday was it was okay. Not it was weak.
Pretty crappy.
But today my god to come in here and actually you got to pinch yourself every now and then make make you understand that you're awake and alive.
Maybe that's what Hank needed yesterday.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi Neil. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
You know, I was in Cuba recently and they listened to you there in five sixty and in seven seventy.
Yeah.
A seven seventy has a problem before you that I mean if you ever wanted not to not to follow somebody that could be a problem.
Really?
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
I was a guy that his old program for three days was about the fight that he had with his wife and his wife threw him out of the house.
And he called his wife in the job and she said I don't want to go.
I don't know. I know they carried Rick Raleigh on seven.
Oh no, no, no. It's one of the local jokers.
Oh, I see.
Really, really.
Listen, gentlemen.
At least it wasn't Don I was talking about his brother Fred on the.
No, it wasn't.
It was.
How was that man still on the air?
It just astonishes me.
A report from channel twenty three and Ilyana Rose Latina.
She is demanding from the Coast Guard to return to Miami the body or the corpse or the lady that drowned over the week.
Yeah, what's she going to do with it?
Well, they wanted to set up a big show if they get into here.
Even though the family of this young woman is in Cuba.
Husband and family.
Maybe they can turn the body over to the Tom Green show on MTV.
So she's they can come up with some pretty creative things to do with him.
I'm demanding that and today a five o'clock they're going to have a picket in huge picket and they said against Bill Clinton on.
On in the entrance to go go plum.
Yeah, coming to a fun racing and mayor panelist is going to be there.
Uh huh.
Mayor Pinerius is going to be there.
Mayor panelists.
Right.
So maybe OJ will be there at the same time.
That would be a good combination.
Maybe maybe OJ will be there.
We'll be nice.
Good to be okay.
Thanks.
Not that we've been anything by that, Mr Mayor, but you got to watch your backside.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh boy, just I see I can't deal with it anymore.
It's just too much of the same.
That's why we all moved out of date.
Okay.
If you live in date, don't take it personally unless you want to.
We just can't stand it.
Okay.
If that's your idea of the way you want to live.
Fine.
It's a free country to a point.
Yeah.
That's what you want.
Fine.
We don't want any part of it.
Broward may have a lot of very old people and we may be very, very boring and very stale.
But you know something.
Sometimes stale isn't all that bad.
Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Listen, Johnsonville sausage.
The best.
Johnsonville Brot.
From what?
Johnsonville Brot.
There are the Wisconsin-Bout Wars.
And they have it all public as they're supposed to.
No, they don't.
Oh, man.
If they have brought, if they have brought wars, then my public, they must be hiding it in the place to just to make sure I can't find it.
Unbelievable.
I'm going in there again this afternoon.
I'm going to turn that store upside down looking for Brot.
Yeah, but ask for Johnsonville.
Looking for crowds.
Those are the real Wisconsin-Bout.
Okay.
Okay.
And in closing, Mayor Penis, you're an asshole.
Thank you.
What did you say?
He's an asshole.
5670560, 0.560 on the 18T line.
Don't forget, just vote.
No.
Mayor Martinez, my good close friend, Raoul from Halea.
He's coming out against the Penny sales tax today.
Always love that raw Martinez.
You know what?
There's a hell of a guy.
You don't mess with him.
That was from?
Yeah.
Don't monkey around with him at all.
5667.
Oh, you don't mess with the Falconer.
You get the clause.
There's a word that goes in there but you know what it is.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes?
Okay, we just vote.
No.
On both things.
The quarter end to Penny.
The corner is not on the ballot.
You either give him the penny or he's going to give you the shaft.
That's the way it works.
uh... comment like that means like pick your poison you know he's not easy to
do you know
yes or no that's it
uh... okay well-enclosing uh... mayor panelist and all the good old
okay okay uh...
back to five sixes something about that he's got nice brown eyes you said five
six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty
on the eighteen t-wireless line never looked into his eyes to be honest with it
he looks kind of unappealing to me to be uh... very very uh... level with it
he just the boring
but he's young and he's uh... different these bivaries the same old crap
okay he's on lock stock and beryl and it's whole deal here merits the
ron it's got the same rotten smell it always has in his town always will
with the stamp of the hero right even though they moved out of town i
reader there's still here screw things up
here's a mobile in four-letter hello
yes sir
you want to talk about you know you you say the fix election already
but right now
they're probably messing with the tolls
mixing things up making it so complicated for people to get through there
that people just gonna want to vote yes or this whole thing and exactly that's
what this whole thing is about it fact you know you raise a point they probably
have instructed the toll takers
and i don't want to confuse with my good friends on the turnpike the toll
takers because they're very nice people most of them but the people on those
toll roads they're in date county they probably instructed them to be as inept
and incompetent as possible to make sure that this is the biggest disruption
these people's lives so that they'll get sucked into voting
and that goddamn penny sales tax
exactly i did fix the election we don't even know it right
thank you okay
vote early and no off and no i'm not going to talk about anymore but no vote no
i will not talk about it again until tomorrow
but what i mean the election is like a two weeks from the day after tomorrow
it's uh... sixteen days away july twenty-ninth today that the uh... spring
book comes out
if we don't even read the guy that numbers in the book to say that they're
going to read the selection would be in good shape we have a thirty share
here's uh... my name hello
yes sir
meal speaking
could have to know how we have great good morning
uh... long time listener first time call
you know okay i'm sorry and anyway that did you are consider uh... then that
you know i asked about that the other day i would assume that pen that
meets with have a brought was to be thanks and say all these other kinds of
every other kind of me to serve in an event
all right i thought maybe i want to try that but since you've already considered
well i mean i thought about it but i just don't know for sure that they carry
brought was that they have the real
all of the considered
all right well maybe may want to pursue that and i hope that you find what you
look okay thanks me to i hope i find the right me
always looking for the right me maybe because that's what life is all about
just getting your hands on the right meeting and
making sure it's prepared correctly five six seven oh five sixty
second your teeth in the way and five sixty on the eighteen t
wireless line
yeah all your kids out there under the age of seventeen you better not be going
into those our rated movies because then bob is going to get really pissed off
and got a little bit of sick that's a guy next
maybe in somebody's back to him if they're not looking out of by the way we
sure hope that were he sticks it it's one of the great cigars
what a segue in the last right because we love this and next love this show
so much
in fact that asshole and say Lewis by the way why did you send a letter to
nicks
they've only had six thousand letters from assholes like you and it still loves
us
oh
oh
they remade
practice
they
move
for their mid-room market plastered with its face.
He likes some drops.
Yeah, all them teeny bombs,
when he's held his bump and left.
They're rebounds sage.
Short, T's a star.
But I don't care what he are.
And if you think I'm to tell him that's okay.
Don't get me started.
I'll break you, Rinky Martin.
He might just lose a lot of fans.
Yeah.
Because if he can't get me started,
I'll break you, Rinky Martin.
I'll tell you he really loves a man.
Oi!
You don't get me started.
I'll break you, Rinky Martin.
I don't care how much that he makes.
Because if he can't get me started,
I'll break you, Rinky Martin.
I'll not just throw the rumor, he's a flake.
What do you see? It's a flake, flake.
That damn fact that I can't stand it.
The club won it 560 WQM.
We got the award winning Hank Goldberg show.
By the way, Hank was the employee of the month for May,
which that memo wasn't released until June 30, 1999,
which was interestingly enough, the day I left for vacation.
And Hank was then the employee of the month for the month of May,
which wasn't released until June 30 by Greg Read.
I wonder if that's all about.
Nice going, AirHumper.
Wake up.
5607 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
See, we have a little pool we take every day.
I shouldn't probably say this on the air.
We have a little pool we do in here.
Everybody comes running into this room.
And at 2 o'clock when that theme music starts, you know?
Yeah, we do whatever theme it is.
We have an office pool to see how many seconds of that air
before the hump will actually get started.
Or they actually open the pot and get them on the air
when he's over there at Chulose.
There's our good buddy Chuck.
Thank you, sir. We're sorry that George
was trying to interrupt your big order over there,
which we'll never do again, since the other people are pan.
There's our good buddy Chuck from the sub center
on the corner of 441 and 190 on 9th, which is Ives Dury Road.
And you don't have to pay any toll to get there, by the way,
at least not from here.
Not yet.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Great.
Hey, good.
Just come back and just get back to make it.
There's Chulose because it went there for the first time.
What an awesome place.
Yes, it is.
Awesome, awesome.
Sure, wouldn't want it to be like that here.
Would we, sir, to have all those great smiling people,
young living and breathing people having a great time
spending all our hard-earned money?
We sure don't want that here, do we?
The only thing was the heat.
The second day we were there was 120 degrees.
What?
No sweat.
Because you're inside all the time.
Well, no, we were outside.
I was with a family and everything.
And, you know, I don't know how to explain.
I mean, I take the garbage out here and I'm sweating here
in a 85 degrees.
But, you know, the other day.
120 out there, don't feel like more than 115, you're right.
Okay, listen, get a new phone pound.
That had a great time.
Yeah, we don't want anything like that here.
See where prisoners, okay, where prisoners,
there's nothing we can do about it.
We can scream, we can bellyache.
Let's just vote.
No.
I'm July 29th.
Those of you who live in data, I can't vote
because I don't live there.
But just vote.
No.
Two or three hundred times.
And then after that, we'll figure out what else we do.
About people like that asshole Bobby Butterworth
and the governor Boots and all these other obnoxious,
anxious people.
And the people of the hero who just want to keep saying,
no.
To casinos and anything related to it because it's so evil.
Like God forbid those cruise ships should be, you know,
docking at the ports of South Florida.
Those gambling cruises.
What's head cap on it?
I guess he's going to have to swim out the ships, huh?
Here's four Myers for the question mark.
Hello.
Neil Gawd.
Yes, sir.
You know, I just have the luxury of having in-laws
that live about 10 miles north of Johnsonville.
Where you get the good brought?
Yeah.
They smug will men like cigars when they come down there
to visit me every year.
Uh-huh.
And I've been passing brought for a week.
The other thing is I-
I supply you-
Maybe that's why George had a question mark on the book.
I supply you a keto stick.
By the year or two ago.
Right.
Are you still using them?
No.
No.
I actually never used them.
You never used them?
I mean, don't feel bad, but I appreciate it.
But I just never-
No, I'm not that thing of going into ketosis.
No, well, that's good.
I'm glad to hear you had a good trip.
I'm worried to go into like Catedtonia,
which is why I come in here every morning
besides looking to get paid.
Okay, getting on the cubist subject.
Are you still having a-
Is the cubist subject?
Yeah.
I used to have a administrator
to a man who was cubist.
What a racist-
Bastard.
It was.
Yeah.
I ended up getting a fire
because the racial remarks.
Uh-huh.
I never saw somebody so arrogant in my life.
Really?
Yeah.
And if I could just call her a smelly,
I appreciate it.
Okay, maybe she knows Gloria's stuff on.
Okay, got a bless you there.
And it goes in here?
Uh-uh.
You'll- Scott Plaskin,
you're a water pass and dish-
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We've got a couple lines waiting for you.
By the way, Joe Costello,
a good spot there before,
but he can't pronounce his name right.
No, seriously, you think that because your name is spelled
with an A and not an O that's Castello,
but it's not.
Because you're Italian.
A is never pronounced like-
A.
It's always A in Italian.
Your name is Costello,
and it's spelled correctly.
That's right.
I'm just getting a little information.
I brought you back my pictures of Milan there in the Duomo,
which only cost me about $75 million to go see the guy
named Duomo there in Milan,
and state that pretty much just a boy hotel in Milan,
which is a beautiful hotel,
but very, very overpriced.
$7 a piece for a small,
coke light.
Crazy people.
No, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
I can't afford it.
And, £5,60 on a mobile one-line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Niggah Neal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah, by the way, I thought George did a very good job last week.
That's the report.
I have no complaint so far.
No complaints.
He must have been a spectacular job.
Very entertaining.
Listen, there isn't a point.
And the job I'll tell you,
fill it in to an issue,
I did this time of the year in his town.
He must have done a hell of a job.
Well, the reason I'm following up,
I was at a dance club down in Kendall a couple weeks ago.
Who is this?
This sounds like a very-
kind of like Harvey from Kendall or something.
No, no, no, no.
This isn't a prank call.
Listen, I was at a dance club and...
No, this voice-out for Mayor George?
Sounds like rich factor.
I promise you.
Listen, I was at a dance club with some friends.
And I walked into the bathroom
and the one of the stalls
and I locked the door behind me.
Yes.
And I was partaking of a substance
that I shouldn't have been using.
I was doing something...
You were looking for glory holes.
It wasn't cool.
But anyway, I was at the stall with the door locked.
Next thing I know, there's a security guard.
On one side of the stall looking down at me,
one on the other side,
and one from behind.
And I immediately dropped what I had,
which wasn't much in the toilet and flushed it.
Back then.
And they asked me to step out,
and I thought I was going to go to jail.
But they ended up escorting me out of the club,
which was full of embarrassing, obviously.
But anyway, what was disconcerting is that,
I thought in the stall you would have a reasonable expectation
of privacy.
Obviously, these people can watch you decorate.
Absolutely.
You bet.
I mean...
They're into it.
You're sitting in there squeezing it,
and they're watching squeezing it.
I guess so.
Well, anyway, out there that does that be careful,
because obviously, these perverts can watch you do whatever
you're doing in there.
Hey, I got news for you.
The priest, you got those little hidden cameras fixed up
on the other side of the confessional boots now.
They're having a hell of a time.
I'm sure they are.
Okay, don't do it again.
All right.
There you go.
That was rich factors been doing drugs.
What do you laugh at about?
Didn't that sound like rich-packed or do you?
We had that kind of like, you know, that bad nasal thing
that was voice.
And speaking of rich-packed, you know,
we haven't heard from it a long time.
Not that I'm complaining.
But both your best friend and rich-packed,
there's best friend.
Haven't heard from him in a long time.
Maybe that curates you, slightly overflowed.
It's safe.
In Miami, town.
At five, six, oh.
WQA.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, baby, baby.
Yeah, baby, baby.
Yeah, baby, baby.
I guess you're supposed to know.
I'm gonna shag you rotten.
Yeah, baby, baby.
I'm swinging the luck.
You know.
Hope you're not a film bot.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm going to be a film bot.
Oh, honey.
Is that what I make you?
Who-who, tell me, baby?
Because I need to know now, because
that's what evil wants you to be
with my little friend's mini-me.
Yeah, but I still think it's not getting 69.
But just terrifying.
Yeah, behave.
Come on, baby, it's Shaggy time.
What is that thing that you're eating, by the way?
I don't want to kid you with a mouthful of food.
What is that?
It's a chopped steak with onions and cheese.
And some steak sauce.
Wow.
Looks pretty damn good.
Not that this isn't good.
This is great, but I'm just, you know.
Anyway, somebody factors me about the old
Heidelberg in Fort Lauderdale,
which I know has been there for about 100 years on St. Rodin
before.
It says they've got a deli next door with everything you need.
And it is.
You're right.
It is too far out of my way,
but nevertheless this will kill some good time.
And you'll continue to search for some of that good meat.
567, we've got 600 open lines here.
567, 0560,
pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I have a question for you.
These people who are putting all these restrictions out
for photo ID and, you know, trying to be the Bible Fumpers.
Aren't these the people back in what we call
hippies, I guess?
I'm a baby boomer.
And I know that the people that are trying to impose these things,
or these are people that were free sex, drugs,
and rock and roll,
are these the same type of people?
You mean like Bubba?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, you know,
what is it with good footage?
Is it good for the gander?
Right.
I raised my kid the same way.
Don't do what I do.
It's the old parroting line.
You know, don't do what I do, do what I say.
Well, it says I did.
I mean, I don't know about you,
but I wasn't a angel growing up.
And I learned from that,
and I'm teaching my kid to grow up properly.
And I'm not going to do it.
I mean, sit down and just talk to your kid.
That's all you got to do.
Yeah, the idea that because a kid,
15 or 16 years old,
goes to see an R-rated movie
that it's going to change his behavior,
is so ludicrous and so ashenine,
it's the same, you know,
like the people at Prohibition,
you know, with booze and with every other guy, then thing.
You're right.
And it's like the movie that did just came out with,
that forget Apple Pie or whatever it is,
the movie is based towards that group of kids
that are going through it to a hard time,
that can help these kids come out, you know,
from what I understand,
a real hard time, yeah.
Yeah.
That's what I hear.
That's right.
I will go with Neil.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Anybody see that movie, by the way?
American Pie?
Not yet. Looks good.
That's what I hear.
Sounds like my kind of movie.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60,
on the mobile one line.
So let's get a few bratwars and go see it.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Miami Lakes.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to call you and shed a little light on the Cuban thing.
Well, what does that mean?
What is the Cuban thing?
What does that mean?
The roadblock incidents.
And something that everyone is failing to bring up
or at least I haven't heard it in a while.
What's that kind of roadblock again?
I thought that was two weeks ago.
Well, I've heard that they're planning other protests
and incidents like that.
And one thing I haven't heard addressed
is the impact that they have when they come here.
They act like they just come in, swim up on shore.
Okay, great. Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 60 on the mobile one line.
I am so sick and tired.
You know something I'm going to tell you right now.
I don't ever want to hear the word Cuban again as long as I live.
When I was in Amsterdam,
I hear the word Cuban.
No.
In Cologne, Germany.
Cuban.
No.
How about in Milan, Italy?
Cuban?
No.
Did I hear anybody speaking Spanish?
No.
That's it.
End of conversation.
I don't ever want to hear it again.
I just, I severed myself from it.
I'm sick of it.
I'm saturated with it.
I don't want to see any more Cubans swimming around in the ocean.
I'm when I'm trying to watch Guiding Light on CBS on Channel 4,
which I'm forced to watch the local affiliate.
I don't want to hear about it.
Just kiss the God then ground that you're hearing.
You're not down there.
And then let's get out with life.
Okay.
Let's move on.
5, 6, 7, you people like this guy and that woman before it,
it's calling the White House.
So, I'm looking to look for somebody to be waving an American flag.
Get with it, okay?
If you're waiting for that, then you better move to America,
which you're not in in case somebody didn't tell you already.
Okay.
You're not in America.
Now, what does that mean?
Online three.
What does that mean?
Korea?
Korea.
There was a war there.
We tell you.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You're in Korea?
I am in Korea.
How about that?
This isn't Paul.
Are you ready to do that?
I'm sorry?
I said, how you doing?
I'm doing really good.
Well, I was listening to you and I wish I was back in my annual now.
As bad as it is, I wish I was back over there.
This place is awful.
What are you doing there?
I'm doing my job over here working for Uncle Sam.
Oh, I see.
And I'm going to be shocked.
I want to call and say hello to you guys.
You're doing the Miami and by the 20 years' duration, I think you're doing very good.
No, we're doing really bad.
No matter how bad it is in Korea, you're way ahead of the game.
Oh, you think so.
It's the end of the world here, sir.
Believe me.
Well, if you were over here, you think different.
I mean, this is really awful over here.
It's one in the morning over here and I decided to call and say hello to you.
I'm going to call the top show host there.
Can I say that?
Sure.
Sure.
Anyway, can I call somebody?
I really have not been listening to you show because I'm over here.
Can I call somebody to beach bag?
I'm going to get out here.
So, America, last time we checked.
Go ahead.
Last time I did.
All right, let me call Fernando and Omar.
I do a bag.
And when you're getting back...
And you take care of yourself.
When you get out of here...
Okay, and have a great day.
Good night.
Say goodbye.
Nothing like talking to somebody on the other side of the world.
You know, with that delay, you know, like...
Yeah.
Huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got 600 open lines here today.
Let's talk about that electric chair, huh?
See, even in something as simple as that, they can't do that right in Florida.
Even executing somebody.
Lethal injection.
Even a state like Oklahoma.
Texas.
Where they have all those red necks, all those mugwams.
They've been doing lethal injection for years in those places.
Not in Florida.
Florida, we have to keep getting these arguments about...
His old Sparky working right and the nose bleed and was it the...
The fire shooting out of his head.
All this other crap.
Because even something as basic as that, we can't do right.
This state is run by a bunch of dumb ass crackers is what it is.
That's what this state's all about.
A bunch of dumb ass crackers.
Like a lot walking, a lot and they won't walk and do good anymore.
They're heat-cooned and the she-cooned.
And that dead man buddy McCay that they ran against the butcher mice to there.
A bunch of crackers.
Oh, Jesus, I wasn't that serious.
It's just a shame they can't televised these executions.
Yeah.
That'd be a hell of a...
They've got a 95-year-round one with the nose bleed.
That would have gone over a pig.
Yeah, can you imagine?
Put it on Fox.
Especially if they had something like a scratch and sniff, we could actually smell it.
Yeah, like for this call.
Anyway, I don't know why you associate me with Rich Pacto.
I still can't figure that out.
Because you hate each other like Poison?
I haven't seen that guy in over ten years.
Yeah.
Since you and Stan were doing back-to-back shows.
No, please don't.
I shouldn't stand, mage.
You're okay.
I wasn't such a good mood up until then.
Stop with that heavy breathing.
What I thought would be a breathing.
Hey, listen.
Have you ever heard of a doctor by the name of Diadamo?
No.
Have you ever heard of the concept of eating for your blood type?
Yeah, that's another one of those old books.
That's crap.
I got that book.
You got that book?
Yeah, that was out like five years ago.
I had that sitting around with dust on it somewhere at home.
What blood type are you?
I have no idea.
I forget.
Well, you should find out.
Are you with the call with this health kick again?
I'm in the middle of a nice lunch here in your store.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
But you should.
There's a section in there where you talk about why acne doesn't work for everybody.
Yeah.
And what's the reason?
Well, it's just certain blood types, according to him, if you believe the concept, are
designed to eat more of a vegetarian diet.
Typo's, which is the majority of the population, are meant to eat protein, high protein, and for
those people it works for.
But for people like me who are type B minus and Z-negative and...
Your type was Z minus?
Z-negative.
No, I don't want to be negative.
I want to be positive.
Well, you got to be positive up here.
We were having Cuban problem in up in Boka.
We got a Brazilian problem.
Oh!
You're at the beach.
You see the...
Yeah, but I bet you the dress stores are busy.
That's what I was going to tell you.
You see this gorgeous Brazilian girl on the beach.
You start getting friendly with her.
You try to help her out with the bikini.
You find out there's a little extra there.
And let me tell you, it happens all the time.
Yeah.
How bad.
I can't put anything on that.
I'll have mine chopped off.
Well...
I hate to admit it's a great job last week.
Ty, do you like that?
He really did.
I actually did not tune him out.
You're trying to say the other time he's been on you or tuned him out?
He gets better every time he comes on.
He really does.
Great.
Wait till tomorrow he's going to be sensational.
Have a good...
Today.
Yeah, he's going to be fantastic because after this, I mean, who they'll need this.
Let's keep those checks coming Greg.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
The famous Paul Harvey Jr. for those who have missed.
You know, see we don't have any people like that anymore.
We don't have any of the regulars.
We have chronic regulars that we don't want, but we don't have any regulars that we do want anymore.
That's all from those days gone by.
We used to be a lot of fun doing this.
Here's a mobile and curl cables.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, coming about American Pie.
Hilary's movie.
Yeah.
He basically anything that could have happened to you when you were a young guy.
Anything embarrassing.
Pretty much happens to all of these guys in this movie.
Right.
Getting caught by parents.
Making it with inanimate objects.
I mean, just...
It's Hilary.
I'm going to go see it tonight, I think.
Hilary's movie.
I mean, guy's getting embarrassed.
Just back and forth.
There's a great scene with an internet clip that you love.
I don't even want to spoil it for you, but I must see you definitely.
Okay.
I'm going to give you some good stuff, Browarth, and go and see it.
Alrighty.
Thanks.
How are we going?
By the way, did we take our pool yet?
Is there anybody in this audience who actually would admit to liking that crap?
What is the name of that?
I can't even think of the name of his artist again.
The Nookie guy.
You want to...
That's okay.
Get out of the way now.
Yeah, Limp Biscuit.
I think the Limp Party's got that part of it right.
Limp as in lame.
I mean, it's the number one selling album in America.
The first week on the chart, replacing the backstreet boys,
who've been there for like four or five years.
Oh, that's why you're all bitter.
No, I'm not bitter at all.
Oh, in other words, that's why I don't like the music.
I got news for you.
Oh, you wouldn't like that.
Fuck!
That's crap!
That's the worst thrill I've ever heard in my life.
I'd rather hear Puff Daddy than hear that.
And I'd rather croak than hear Puff Daddy, okay?
Man.
That is just...
But anyway, like I said, you know, there's so many black people
who wish they were born white.
And here we got all these white guys trying desperately to be black.
Just trying desperately.
And you know something that don't work.
They can't do it.
They cannot.
They do not be a being black.
Other than Eminem.
The Beasties.
We're trying to think the Eminem may have a little black in him.
Kind of like Tom Green.
You think he's got a little in him?
26 past noon at 560WQAM.
Let's turn on MTV, okay?
We're going to go see American Pie.
We'll go to a little number.
I think they're a lot of here.
That's what I say.
All new kids out there.
Don't let your parents already ask all of Channel 10.
10 new kids.
You can't go see American Pie.
Because it's rated R, okay?
As in ridiculous.
Just tell them F off and go them.
See, it's just time to shag off, okay?
And thanks to Austin Powers, by the way, so much for it.
Because now all of a sudden we can say shag.
Isn't that great?
We can't say the F words.
But we can say shag, which means exactly the same thing.
But in British, which is a foreign language.
So it's okay.
And if you don't believe me into foreign language, I'm virgin in the land.
I can't understand a god damn thing those people are saying.
Can you just say that?
You need to speak in the hook of the other.
What the hell are you speaking for Christ's sake?
You god damn crazy brits.
Give me the...
Yes, for sure.
Wow, honey, this is really good dinner.
What is it?
Dogguts.
Dogguts?
Is that what I think it is?
I'm not sure.
You run out of ideas for a sit-down meal with the family?
Well, head on down to your local dog pound.
Make that grocery store and pick up dogguts.
They're pre-prepared with just the right amount of chedderon.
And are microwave ready.
Ched scoop, nuke and boom.
Dinner for the family.
Daddy, can you pass me some more dogguts please?
Isn't just me or does anyone else think anything wrong with this?
Dogguts.
The boy you think about it, the grocer they get.
Find some for your family today.
From 31 to 560 WQM, we got 1,600 open lines now.
And we got two calls in a more once-for-more land.
We just had a call from Korea.
So we're doing great.
Everywhere outside of Dayton Browr.
But Dayton Browr not too good.
560-705-60, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about the Browr.
As a soldier in Germany in the 60s, I remember those Browr with the round roll.
Yeah.
And the mustard.
Right.
I mean, they were really good.
But I've been looking for the meat since 1967.
I haven't been able to find it over here.
32 years in this guy still can't find the meat.
I'm sorry. You're not going to find it anywhere.
Yeah, you're right.
As good as it was over there.
I'll have to go back to Kaloan.
You're right.
Okay.
Okay, my way.
I'm leaving right now.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
32 years he's been searching for the meat.
Okay.
I'll be in your relate to it.
5,670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Orlando.
Hello.
Neil, what a breath of fresh air.
If those idiots themselves were to only knew what a God you are, they would be calling you in droves.
It's just good to hear your voice.
Yes, you're right.
They don't know a good thing when they, you know, they just spoil.
I spoiled them rotten for over 20 years.
All right, believe it.
I moved away about a year and a half ago and I'm telling you, radio up here is like right wing
rabble.
It is so pathetic.
So I just want to say I wish that we could broadcast your show here and maybe I can get
a pyro radio station and push it this far because it blows.
Okay, sir.
Have a great life.
Hey, Neil, can you come here and hold him?
For what?
Just so I can hear your voice for another five minutes.
I mean, I have no way to hear your show up here.
Can't do it, pal.
Oh, thanks a lot, Neil.
See you.
Can't do it.
This is a cheap outfit.
They're not going to put you on hold for five minutes all the way to Orlando when I, oh, that's
right, was on his dime.
What an idiot I am.
Now, we can't afford to tie up a line, pal.
We got all these call coming in here, like one and two at a time.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the mobile one line.
It's, I, I don't get it.
I don't understand it.
I've been in the course of fact that most of the people who live here got nothing to say.
You ever start talking to somebody in a supermarket or like anywhere?
They got nothing to say.
Go to a ball game.
You ever try to talk to something like sitting behind you.
That has no idea of what's going on in the game, whatever the event might be, especially the hockey game.
They're all sitting there going, yeah.
Talking about stuff.
Totally irrelevant.
They haven't got the foggiest idea of what's going on.
But they're having a good time.
And they're making damn sure that you're not.
Here's a mobile and Davie.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Great, sir.
You might have, if I call it, a couple of people, do you?
Yes, so, huh, I do.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the mobile one line.
I mine profusely, okay?
I take the gravest exception to your calling somebody a douchebag, okay?
You want to call an asshole?
That's another story.
But don't be calling people D.V.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a young voter in Dave County.
And I'm just wondering, what is...
No, no, no.
Just that word keeps coming to mind.
No.
Go ahead.
What do you think is the motive for...
Why do you think panelists want this metro rail extension?
What do you think is his reason?
Sir, let me ask you this.
What was the reason you think that he changed...
He did that sudden-dabbed face on that Mickey Ererson deal with that arena.
After we got elected, largely as part of the promise that he wasn't going to do the deal.
Perhaps you knew the people were building it.
Huh?
Perhaps you knew the bodies of the people building it.
That's right.
Perhaps somebody's getting smeared somewhere along the way, okay?
Because anywhere you've got a politician that this anxious to pull off this kind of a scam
and do it as transparently it is,
reasonably as he is doing,
then there must be something more than meets the eye.
Do you see anything about it?
Why is it that every time Merritt Steerheim comes back to be the manager, the county manager here,
we get more metro rail.
Even though the first one was a boondogger on a waste of a billion dollars,
every time he comes back here, we get more of the same.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, where are they putting them building this?
I'm building what to?
The metro extension.
What place are they?
They name Mayor Penis's house and the herald.
Okay, thanks a lot, Neil.
Just remember.
No.
Okay, you got it?
What's that word?
No.
In English?
No.
Spanish?
No.
German 9.
9.
Just saying 9.
5, 6, 7, 05.
In fact, voting 9 times.
5.5, 60, animal, 1 line.
Here's Halea.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You doing great.
Pen Dutch meat.
They have a bratwurst.
Do they?
Yes, they do.
They do it real fresh.
They don't have any of this MSG crap.
After a couple days, if you don't eat it in the fridge, it starts going bad.
Because it's all real fresh.
How do you write away, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
And they also have the mustard, the pampti, something like that.
It's a deli-style mustard.
Oh, that hymeric Himalor mustard, yeah.
Something right from Germany.
Yeah.
It's awesome with the, and a little bit of firecrime.
Now, you'll be 100% German.
Excellent.
God bless you, sir.
Thank you.
Hey, wait.
One more thing.
Take your time.
I'm probably the only color online, right?
No, you're not.
Okay.
The storyline is smoking.
All righty.
Smoking the good stuff.
Great.
Alex Penela.
No.
Come in mierda.
Okay.
He said full of crap is what he said.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line.
Like I said, we can say shag and mierda, but we can't say,
and how do you like that?
Because that's the American shagged way, baby.
Now, how come you got 16 questions on that one that says overtones?
See, those are the ones that get me curious.
Here'd be overtones.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Oh, I was just curious.
I don't mean to be that that horse, bro.
If you saw the harrow, what happened in St. Louis when they blocked off the road there?
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
They arrested a whole bunch of people.
Of course, they were dark, you understand.
Well, you know, depends on who's in power.
Right.
Another thing I just wanted to say, I think it was a great thing that they raised the tolls
right before the selection, because now the people are nice and pissed off and fired up.
Good luck and getting it passed.
No, I think you're wrong.
I think that's the reason they did it.
What, to get them to make a pass it?
The threatening that there's going to be 11 more toll roads if they don't pass the penny sales tax.
I'm voting no.
Okay.
God bless you, sir, and vote early and often.
No.
Just keep saying that.
Keep going through your mind.
Okay?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Even him.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got the award winning Henry Goldberg show at 2 o'clock today.
Thanks for bringing in some no-dose.
While it's the middle of the summertime, what do you want?
There's nothing going on.
All these idiots talking.
Football camp and all that crap.
And don't be playing anymore that phony theme, okay?
That phony crap you were playing before.
Yeah, that one.
A little more, if you could.
Get on there.
And then at 6 o'clock we got Jim Mad Dog Manage.
Yeah.
Till 745, he's going to be the four of the four play for the All Star games.
And then we got the All Star games.
745, am I going to be watching?
No.
No, I'm going to go see American Pie.
I'm going to grab me a couple of stiff bratwursts and go see American Pie's what I'm going to do.
In fact, I understand in the movie that's generally all that's going on.
That sounds like a good idea.
What?
Going to see that tonight.
Yeah.
And I think I got ID.
I can probably pass for like 17, at least maybe 18.
21, I keep, that's why I keep time.
I'm holding up and they'll keep running like a son of a bitch.
21 before 1 at 5.60 because they keep saying, we're not...
Okay.
No matter how old they are, we're not.
Of course, your names do then.
They have a different outlook on life.
You can't go f**k yourself.
You can't go f**k yourself.
I got no 10 lines.
I know that I am a hot.
I should tell you, you've got my battery boy shirt on.
And my song underneath.
I'm looking so sweet.
Yesterday I tried.
But Jenny's car broke down and so I lost my ride.
But now the sun is shining and we are on our way.
Gonna stay all day.
Gonna oil up with capricones.
On the sand real late.
At the beach.
All the summer.
It's too late now.
That's the warmer.
I'll be stunning.
I can't wait.
My bikini looks real great.
The guy say, I'm the one.
I am standing.
I am flying.
Do you know I'm holding out.
And I'm at the other way.
He is a 45 for
a 45 for a 45 for a 50 for Ycame.
If he heard a brother named Dick.
Who will know, who will start his best at the group.
Dick him.
No, we will think.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
5, 6, 7,
I think off, he is number one half for that.
And that's only one half.
We are going on, know what the commercial break.
and we had every line on the board lit up here and I go in with some false
expectations and come back and like being being watching drop off like you
know like swat mosquitoes at the goddamn ballpark. I understand that you're
very highly motivated and you've got no material but nevertheless it's
getting a little ridiculous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, by the way, Joe Costello again comes
in with another meat report. I guess I finally really found the topic that these
people are into, okay? The search for the really good meat. I can relate to that.
And one of Joe's friends who happened to be a meat inspector said definitely do
not let Neil go to one of the places that's been mentioned. I don't want to
just say it on the ear, okay? He said the place was filthy and disgusting and you
don't want to eat the meat from there. But I don't want to mention which place he
told me. Do I? Do you think? Could I give like a little clue to which place
that it was? I better not. Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello?
Hello, Neil? Yes?
Hey, Neil, what's going on? I want to cover some little things. Go ahead.
George, did it. George did a great job while you were away. Excellent job as always.
Everybody's ecstatic about the job. He did so good that he's going to be
starting again at one o'clock today. So I can go look for some good meat.
And what else? Oh, listen, I had a whole bag of
cassette tapes that I, you know, just a big bag of cassette tapes that I've
accumulated over the years. And I went on a long trip. And so I said, let me
grab the bag and listen to see what's on the cassettes to keep the ones I
wanted and throw away. I didn't. You'll never believe what I found. I have
found cassette tapes of you in on Zeta back in 1987.
Incredible. I don't believe it. You're still funny now as you were back then.
Yeah, I still don't know how. Even without the bird. The bird, when I listen,
you know, I found the bird all right when I was listening to him back then.
But when I listened to him now, I'm like, what was he there for?
He was there for free lunch. And about 50 grand a year, one 50 grand was
pretty good money. And it was basically you and the work bird were pretty
funny, but I would listen to the bird. I'm like, you and Captain Day were good.
The bird. I was like, what was he doing here? And specifically, I remember
one day when you called Luke Alpin. Right. You remember that? Yeah. Oh,
myself taped when I would call you. And I'd be talking to me. I was still going to
college. Yeah. I remember that we call Luke Alpin. I think I woke him up and he
hated it. Yeah. He hated it. Like poison after that. Plus he became a born again.
Not great day. They even providing fun and entertainment when you don't even
know what you're doing. Exactly. And for the good old days, because you played
Neil Waysney open the morning. Okay. They try to Neil have a great day. Bye.
Yeah. Can't go back. Let's go back to Zeta. Let's go on FM where the real
audience is. Okay. This place they won't promote that a lot of this show.
Neil Waysney. Let's go on FM where the audience already is anyhow. I know the
usual.
All right.
Yeah.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed
this. Yeah. Okay. Listen, do me a favor, play anything because I can't stand listening
to you. You start like a douchebag. Do I? Do I? What can I ask you a question before
you go? Oh God, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did
you call me? I didn't call you. No, just to tell you not to say anything. Just play
something. Oh God, can't stand it. Well then why are you listening? Ah, play something
already. Why won't you answer my? Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, can't stand it. You won't
see. He won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car. By the way, we never find out anymore
about his condition. We did not. I said the last said the better. Also, I look for the
old bit for Andy. The Andy from the, which I used to, I don't want to say about my nickname
once for Andy. That will be bad. Well, he's dead. Bad Andy? No, I used to calm the
whale. He was a whale of a guy. But anyway, I looked for the old bit in the newspapers I
didn't see. Now, you don't think that we could have been scammed on that, do you? By my
close personal friend Adam? That's too serious of a thing. Nobody would do that. And did
that woman ever jump off the bridge yet or when you find out? Apparently it's still
going on. It's not going on. I'm holding on. I'm 595 and 441. She's still holding up the
traffic and got it all blocked off. Well, what the hell am I going to do about that?
How the hell am I going to get home? I got another hour or two. I think about it, I guess
that might be a good day to go sausage shopping. Jack, excellent idea. Go right up university
there. Sounds good to me. So thanks for your free to my close friend, Jeff Hanson and
Hollywood, whoever you are. It was an LA and after searching for years for copies of this,
finally found two. One of what you bought for me. Thank you, Jeff.
Jeff, the ThunderClaft Newman, something near. Well, I've been looking for this for it.
Never had it, I had the record. Never had it before on CD. Got it now. Nobody's getting
that out of my hands. Can I borrow it? No. You can borrow what's his name? No, Limp
Dick. I got my own copy thing. Got your own Limp Dick biscuit. Here's a call from DC.
Hello? Hey, man. Yes, sir. Listen to you on the net. I'll ride. I'm originally from
Miami living up here now. And how do you like it? It's pretty nice. I'm in the technology
and stuff like this is like Santa's a junior up here. Is it? Yeah. It's pretty neat.
A lot of starches up there though, aren't there? I don't know where I am. I'm out near
a duller airport. No, I see. You know, you know who's on from they have 11 to 3, something
like that 11 to 4 up here. You know, you know, the four or something like that. You know,
the midday show. Yeah. After Howard is G Gordon Litty. Yes, that grade. You know, I
as much as I've got. He I'd rather listen to him. I swear to God 10 times over and I don't
like listening to him, but he's he's not to. Yeah. I'd rather listen to him than rush.
But you know what people call him up and just ask him questions like they say, hey, I'm
getting married in two weeks. What should I do? G Gordon Litty. Yes. It's that weird
as saying to hear people calling him and asking him advice that they would ask in landers.
Uh huh. It's amazing. I just did a B and E and what should I do and how do I get off
with it? Yeah. Yeah. So it's yeah. I just ate a rat. You even had some net congestion
on your on your download when I listen to you. I had some net congestion. That's how many
people are listening to this all over the world. You're damn right, man. Yeah. And that
asshole, I'm saying Lewis, they call me that. Yeah. But he's listening right now. He's
got his ear glued to it. He's squeezing it right now. He's so excited. Yeah. Well, my
brother, Vic, he's a dishbag. Okay. He's listening or not. But nice to hear you. Okay.
Thanks for the good news. Have a great life. Thanks. Thanks. Now, what are you holding?
Oh, my good friend Bob Soap was on there. I was just thinking about Bob Soap for this
morning probably because I was watching you the weather on Channel 4. How you doing, Bob?
Good morning. You'll welcome back and happy birthday again. Oh, again. Come on. I
mean, I was a happy birthday the day that it was, but I was going on vacation. I wanted
to make sure that they got back to you. All right. Okay. I just want to let you know
that that woman. Uh, she apparently her last game was to put both legs over the side
and lean forward and the police picked up behind her and grabbed her. Oh, damn it. I hate
when that happens. Well, some people were said, push her, push her. Yeah. That's what I
was going on. Stuck in traffic. Right. Now, it's over. So good news for you going home
today. So we got, we got the, uh, the railway mass murder. They caught him today and we
got the, uh, the crazy woman off 595. Yeah. It's a banner year. What more could you want?
Thanks a lot, Bob. All right. I'll be seeing. There's Bob Soap or one of the good guys on
channel four. There are any other good guys on there? No. Just him. Well, what just happened
there? See, I don't understand you people today. Man, we get 600 lines all lit up here.
And I think we're making a little bit of progress. We're getting calls from DC. We're getting
calls from Korea. We're getting calls from Team Mussolani. We're getting calls from all
over the world. And then all of a sudden, Plink Plink, Plink. It's like Plink alone.
The goddamn price is right. And you wonder why get a little bit paranoid about this whole
phone thing we got here about our friend's ear at the phone company. You people at the
phone company suck. You got it. Oh, by the way, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't
come any worse than Neil Rogers 5 670 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile
in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I got the info on the box. Okay. Usengers in Milwaukee.
It's truly a Schmeck group. Yeah, but where do you get them here?
I'm sure one is pretty good. Not as good, but if you got a few bucks to mail out, it's
the real thing. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. I think what I'm going to do next time I go
to Germany, I'm going to smuggle in $19,000 worth of Browse. If it's good enough for
the governor's wife, I guess I can do it too. If it's good enough for Columbus, or you
can hide it. Maybe in Columbus, rectum probably wouldn't be the first meat that's been in
there. 5 670 560 pound 561, but that's a sin. Yeah. Well, maybe she can atone for it at
a later date, just like the sin of smuggling all that crap that she bought from gay paris.
That was probably a sin too. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Oh, Camino. Yes, sir. I have the answer to your Browse problem. Okay.
Old island bed of rest on Spirit 84. Yeah, somebody faxed me that before, but that's a long,
long way from me. We got a butcher shop in there that there were still the greatest man.
Yeah. Might be worth the ride for it. The worst are the best. The worst are the best.
Okay. That would be a good advertising campaign, by the way. I'll take only 10%. All right.
Thanks a lot, Pampy. I'm going to go over there. I think that's a good idea. In fact, I'll
just go over there and have dinner one night and then stop after dinner in the sausage shop
and buy a whole bunch of crap and take it home. Sounds real good to me. Thank you, sir.
God bless you. That's a good place by the way, at least it used to be years ago. About
a hundred years ago when I ate in there last time, the old Heidelberg on St. Louis 84,
which you didn't know. Don't know. In fact, it's right on the way to Ruth's Chris. That's
a good idea. Next time I get inspired to go over to Ruth's Chris, if that should ever
happen again, after the kind of indifferent treatment that I had last time I went. But
if I do decide to go again, what I'll do is stop over there with you on the Heidelberg
in the market. I'll pick up a bunch of bratwurst. I'll walk into Ruth's Chris and say,
hey, you want to heat these up for us, please? And we'll just drink some water. Okay. Thank
you. And we'll take a few of these mints on the way out. They do have good mints. You
notice that? On the way out? Mm. Killer.
Okay. That's a full question today. Who's got the better and Jennifer Lopez, Britney Spears
or Olympic Viscuit? Is our full question today? 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. We're going to make a long story short. Can any of the three of them sing
whatsoever? No. No. But be that as it may. I'll tell you another group that I would mention
this to you before when you were like non-committal because you don't know who they are.
Five and another one of those boy groups and another one of those rip off groups. Five
and another new song is like a rap song which they can't sing. It doesn't make any
difference whether they're rapid or crapid because they can't sing worth a crap anyway.
Five. Is it on the scale of 500? That's about where their music level is. And all about
that whole group. Five, I would say on a scale of 2000. Just thought of a mention on
TRL backstreet boys, seven nights in a row back to number one. How come that girl from
Gainesville by the way that N. Sync bitch? How come that nice to a young lady never
called us back from Florida from F.U. How come she never called us back? She was going
back to summer school or something like that and giving me a big song and an answer that
I told her that the backstreet boys would be number one. This is like ages ago and sure
enough by the end of that week there was the planting N. Sync which sucks. And it's still
there. Number one again last night on TRL since now that we're all watching the Tom Green
show watching MTV 24 hours a day and turning off these other goddamn channels. That's
what I say. Turn off all the other crap. Turn on MTV and leave it on. Especially Thursday
nights at 10 30 and Sunday afternoon at 3 or 4 whatever they decide to put on two Tom Green
shows back to back. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation.
Neil how you doing? Pretty good sir. All right. Yeah I had two things I wanted to talk
to you about. I heard you mentioned about the American Pie movie. Right. You got to
see this movie. It's the funniest thing in the world. And the great thing about it is
that I'm 19 I just graduated from high school last month and it doesn't crap around about
what's really going on in high school. You know like sex is so easy to come by. Right.
It's not. You know. All right trust me unless you're one of these big dumb chucks who throw
a football or put a ball through a hoop. You know it's not that easy to come by. It's
really a real guy. I'll go see it. It's very fun. I'm going to go see it tonight.
All right. The other thing I want to talk to you about was you know I traveled throughout
you know United States. I went to you were a blast year with my family and everything.
And I've never seen any other state or country. Pander to an ethnic group like the Florida
government. Right. Pander to these Cubans. That's absolutely correct. You know. You just
do whatever the hell they want and get away with it. Most people would be in jail if
they're blocking traffic. You know sitting jail right now. Like they were like they weren't
saying Lewis over the weekend. I tried pulling that crap there and a couple hundred of them
went to jail. That's right being tormented by bubbling your jail cells but not the Cubans
down here. Not them. Well we got a foreign country you know. Dave County has been taken
over and that's why most of us. United States you know this man makes up what maybe 4%
of the voting population. Okay. And there's an article in the. Yeah but Dave County they
make a probably 94% of the voting population. Yeah. The old Cubans are the only ones that
vote in big county. You know I don't know what the validity behind this article in the
sunset was a couple of weeks ago. They said that out goal was actually going to ask Mayor
Penga to be his running mate in 2000. Yeah they're talking about it. I mean what I say
I say well Pacima maybe an O-Chaf that's the way we have to get him out of here. I say
let's do it. And I'm thinking myself go right ahead and I'll go out and I'll vote for
George Bush and his ugly plus two. Right. Okay. Yeah. Let's I say the way let's just
right we'll do right ends. We'll have Tom Green. This is the choice is Tom Green. Jesse
the body Ventura. That's a good start. No more these goddamn politicians. They're all
the same. They're all a bunch of crooks baby. If not just at least Shane they're all a
bunch of crooks. They're all on a take. They're a pile of crap. The only guy that isn't
a crook is goddamn Ted Kennedy because he's got all the money and plus he's already
killed one woman and done all the crap that he can do. Okay. We love old Ted Kennedy.
Boys he looking old by the way. Do you see him on there with Bubba this morning? They're
doing this healthcare thing. Wow. That fast living Teddy it's going to get to you as
soon or later and he also is what does he weigh about 240 to 80 hundred and three 40. He
looks like fat boy in a bad day. So did we ever get any more see I'm looking for the
old bid on my good close friend Andy. Didn't see any old bid on that. Maybe that was I don't
know. Maybe it was just the hoax. I'm hoping for the best. I'm hoping that I was just
Ted. I would rather. I'd rather that's kind of notes saying we just you know played
little prank on you and Andy's doing fine. Somebody would have called to say it was a
hoax by now. He's not alive. He's not coming back. He won't be at that first hockey game
this fall. Come on. No. Please tell me he'll be there. He died. Just say he'll be there.
He won't be there. Here's dear field. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. A couple things I haven't
talked to you. Welcome back number one. Thank you so much. It's so great to be back.
Yeah. I can imagine. I'm doing okay. Hey. You got me Jones and I was over in
Cologne during many couple years back and all God those thoughts that you're right. You
have the best thought worst in the city at least the ones that I had right at the train
station. Really? Yes. Oh God. I just in the train station. They got a whole bunch of
little shops there. You know, little food shops and so on. And there were I you know,
I tried a couple different places and there was one that was just sensational. Some of
them are a little bit too greasy. Oh, this one was just fantastic. But it was truly amazing.
You'd walk along these little shops and little they'd have a little grill outside like
a hibachi. Right. And then you would just smell that and you'd go in there for a snack
and a little bit later. When were you there? This was a few years ago and I was in the
summer time. I've never been in a city in my life where there were more beautiful people
than the people in Cologne Germany. You could just sit. They had that one big shopping
mall street. It's called Hohe Hohe Hohe. Okay. And it's like a close shopping mall.
There's very richy, you know, expensive shops in there of all kinds. And you just could
sit there and people watch all day and just with your tongue down to your toenails, it's
unbelievable. Seriously. You've fit in like a glove over there. I've met them. Yes. Okay.
That's one thing I was going to talk to you about. Another thing was that I had, I just
I'm disgusted with all the way they're allowing the Cubans to block the streets. And I've
just never seen like they can have a protest that they want, but blocking the lives of people
and indeed. That's what I said. If you want to have a protest at the appropriate place
in front of a building somewhere, but nothing go out there and mess up people's lives and
screw up the whole roadways for Christ's. Absolutely unacceptable. And they should be ashamed
because we rolled out the red carpet to help them. Yeah. Look what they're doing to us.
Exactly. Spitting in our push. That's right. And in closing, I'm doing it out loud too.
In closing, from my friend's remain that's healing up in Boka, shameless request. Nobody
rips you back. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. Okay. It's nine minutes after one at
five sixty WQM. We're solving all the problems of the world here today. Like two o'clock.
Then we're going to go out and get some real good bratwirt. Smoke a little weed and
then go see a merc in pie tonight. That's good to me. Now that 19 year old young man called
a couple of calls ago to say it's not all at least easy to get laid in the high school.
How do you like that? She there was that big article they had the other. She yesterday
in the paper about the brownered kids and about there's not as much sex to not as
made sex with active. That's not by choice. It's just they can't get as much as they used to.
Not by choice. Okay. Because believe me, trust me when I tell you okay. The one thing that
they would tell you. I wanted it. You bet. They would tell you that. That doesn't necessarily
mean you're going to get it. I wanted it. Yeah. I kept hearing that. By the way, we're
going to see him again or not. Huh? I guess we won't see him no more. JC? No, not him.
When you had the first initial right. Oh, the other one. The other one. The other CT. Yeah.
No, I don't know. Probably not. I've seen him around. You've seen him around where? Around here
like in the afternoon. Long after you've gone home. Oh, he's playing hard to get. He didn't
make it worth his while. I guess. Well, guess what? I did a lot better over there. Didn't cost
me a dime. Just like always. A lot better. I mean no problem. No conversation. No big song
in a dance. No games. No a tease. No, you know, no hairy chest. No, oh, no musk right chest.
That was only on the plane. That was only Austin Powers on the Virgin Atlantic plane.
By the time I get through the next couple of minutes, she is going to have to pick every scab off
that cuter. It's a spilled body of hers. All right. No, but you risk your better.
So I'm going crazy on this. Yes, because this has got to stop. You make me sick, Pat. You bitch.
God. How is it possible to be so stupid, Pat? No, but you miss you. And I thought could I
do it? You asshole. You. Baby. Well, sing this. You fat slob. I'm going to take this court.
And I'm going to shove it right up his ass. Okay. And I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt
that he's going to be singing a different tune when I get through with him. Only have a longer
court than this piece of crap. Look at this. Look how short this damn thing is. You got a hundred
assholes running around this building. They can find another one beside him, although maybe not that big.
Oh, get it out of there. Go pull it towards somewhere. Go do something.
Pull what? In your case, a good question. Okay. God.
Don't start looking once again as always to blame fat old Neil for whatever you're upset about.
You're disgusting, nauseating old swans.
Old, crappy old bitches.
Neil, if you don't repent, you're going to spit hell. Why does your
fucking shit? You're going to spit a white open. You're going to spit a white open.
You're going to spit a gold with a mallet. You're going to spit all bitch.
There we go. Now we're cooking.
What did I just get through talking about with old bags? We don't want you, Lenny. Okay.
Go get some knitting out. Go find some crosswood puzzle.
Okay. Well, send us Ramirez. The railway killer. The mass murder. The serial killer
is been captured in case you missed it. And the Bob Silver reports that they got that lady off
the 595 overpassed here by 441. What else? What more could you want? Here's a,
boy, you ought to read this. I don't have time to read it on the ear. This poor bastard was coming
back on continental from Vegas through Houston. And what he went through, I mean, I couldn't,
oh, geez, I'm ready to blow my brains out and it wasn't even my trip. Sorry about that, Ed.
One of our listeners out there who made the bad bad mistake of flying continental airlines. Bad
good friend who come into the hockey games all the time. The airline pilot said,
blah, blah, blah. Yeah, he's a good guy, but he talks a lot. He works for continental. So I
shouldn't have said that, but 56670560. Hey, listen, I tell it the way it is. Okay. I'm not going
to lie for anybody unless I get a lot of money for it, which I don't. And even for these people here,
am I, they pay me enough to lie for this joint? No way. Boy, do they suck. 56670560.560
on the ATT wireless line. Yeah, I'm debating, you know, on the way home where I should stop for
a broadcast or maybe like, I don't know, but Anna split a basket robin. So I'm good.
You know, the basket robins that drive through one on 163rd in North Aiden. What?
Don't do it. No, I don't mean a banana split. I'm just talking about like a hot punch
Sunday with nuts who have cream and cherries on. They taste the thing. They all bring
have you. You know, business thing. You mean like the one I had about three weeks ago?
It'll be no better than that one. Oh, then it ought to be great.
That's a good place. Basket Robbins drive through. It's like heaven.
And the best part of it is it's only like a few blocks off the interchange there at 163rd.
So you can drive from there like 30 seconds right on the turn pike and you'll hold the
Sunday like in one hand while you're paying the tool. How do you like that? All you ask
holes you win competence that can't pay your 50 cent toll in Dave County.
I can drive through the turn pike tool thing there at the Golden Glades,
eating a hot punch Sunday for basket robin. Pay my 75 cents. No problem at all. And zip right
up the old Hershey highway back to the Broward. No problem at all. An old fart like me. An old
funny dirty bag like me. I can do that. And you people out there are sitting around fumbling
forward, fumbling forward in a goddamn change too. Shame on you. I think there are a bunch of
actors out there. I think that's what he brought ringers in here. You know, most of the people
are out of town right now. It's the middle of July. I think the mayor imported a bunch of ringers
here. In fact, maybe all those illegal alien Cubans, they put them all in the car and they're the
ones that are playing all this baby crap out the tool booths pretending the traffic's all backed up.
Roddy, a mayor, mayor, pingo. You're not fooling anybody. You piece of turd straight to jail.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Huh?
Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Yes, sir. Do me a favor. Do not go to Penn Dutch. Yeah.
There's a place in Lauderdale. It's just north of commercial and federal highways called Emily's.
Yeah. The world's best. All they do is make homemade sausage. Really? Yep. You walk in. It's a mama
pop operation. Emily knows her meat. Oh, it's it's just ungually. It's the best. Without a doubt. Do not go to
Penn Dutch. I'm curious. Once you go there, you'll freak out. Okay. All right. I'll go see Emily.
All right. Thanks. Yeah. In fact, that's the second person today that said do not go to
someplace. 567.0560.050.560 on the AT&T wireless line. That's where it's at, baby. Hank Goldberg's
coming up at two o'clock today to cover all the heavy duty sports news. Then about two-fifteen who
get into some really good stuff. Well, there's nothing going on in sports. Okay. What can I tell you?
It's just a really dead time. The all-star game tonight. Does anybody care about that? We got
655 teams. You do realize, by the way, that teams like the Marlins that have been out of the
race for like what? For about two and a half months now that they still got 70 some out almost 80
games to go. You do realize that, don't you? Uh-huh. And like John Henry says, we stink. We don't
expect anybody to show up. The team for at least a couple of years is going to be really grotesque
where to lose our ass. So why would you want to go? Why would any person in its right mind go
and they tell you ahead of time? Like I said at the beginning of the show today. It's like somebody
standing on the front of his restaurant saying, the meat all spoiled. Okay. Our freezer unit went
out during the night. All of our meat is rotten. You're going to get some horrendous disease. And
everything we got in there is spoiled. It's going to taste like crap. We can't afford to lower the
prices. So we're going to gouge you like crazy. But if you want to come in and all men, people are
coming in. That's what it would be like. I don't understand these people. Talk about lifeless
and coolest. Oh yeah. Well, we got to take our kids to a ballgame. Take them out to see American
pie tonight instead. Okay. Take your five and ten and twelve year old kid to go see a really
funny movie. Take him to go see Austin Powers. Take him to go see a soft park.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Uh-huh Neil. Yes sir. I just saw Mayor Ping the handing
out pace. I was found in Miami. Those pace those won't sit in those machines. They'll fit in his
back home. And as far as ten Dutch you can put me down as the third guy to say forget it. But
yeah, there is a place called International Homemade Sausage in Combo Pines. Yeah, ahead about the
18 calls in it. That's the place to go. All these people are giving you places. That's that's out
in your neck of the world. That's the one on university. It's on university just north of
Chantin Street on the west side. It's right. The hole in the wall place. Uh-uh. A Polish guy's been
there. He's been making them for years. Did you hear- did you hear the interview this morning with
Jimmy Johnson on the worst team? No. He was, uh, you know, there was a lot of suction going on. I
had a lot of CDs playing in my, uh, player in the car. Uh, I wish I had a few more. But he was, uh,
the Tony Martin issue came up and, uh, and, and, and, you know, how he would be a great player if he
stayed out of jail and Jimmy said, well, Tony didn't have anything to do with the drug dealing
end of it. So he's okay. So I guess you can be a money laundering player with the, uh, play with
the doll. But you just can't, you just can't deal drugs. Yeah, he would just be in a China. I mean,
you know, he was just doing a laundry number. Right. That's right. And the, Neil and closing
pool pod don't give me anymore work. I'm shfitting out here. Okay. Thank you. He shfits it over there.
Yeah, Tony Martin. You don't look good Chinese, but nevertheless, maybe it's turning Japanese.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18. We haven't had one call to the about Limpic. Uh, what's his name?
What is his name? Biscuit. Oh, biscuit. A test get a biscuit. Kill that biscuit. Oh, man.
That is so lame. All I can say about that song is. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the only reason that song
is popular because they just keep saying stick it up your ass over and over again. You know,
and there's certain songs like that. Well, they say no key a lot. And there's one song which,
uh, some rapper, which is very big in Europe, which is just making it. They were talking about
having it on MTV. And I have no idea how they're going to bleep it out because he keeps saying,
F. And it sounds like he's saying F. I. U. Which I've got nothing to do with here. But he's saying F.
F. I. U. Over and over again. What is that? Is he like at the world, maybe? No. F. I. U. He's saying.
Maybe it's from U. M. Uh-huh. That might be it. F. I. U. Probably sour about some damn volleyball game.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I just called in when you played the
bit about Jennifer Lopez. Yes, sir. I just want to say that ever since she became more appealing to
both white and black audiences. It looks like she's getting, she's losing weight, man. In the beginning,
she was bigger, man. Her butt was big. But now she's got a skinny and she got a scrawny bud. She's
got, she's got to get skinny so she can cross over to both. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But she'll
wind up losing that Puerto Rican constituency. They like the big bud. Well, see, I like, yeah, she
gonna lose me because I'm black. She's all the land. The Latin guys that you gotta have a big bud.
I gotta have it. I'm black. I gotta have it. She's, she's out of the picture now, man. Yeah.
Now what about Britney Spears? Uh-uh. No, that's not me either. Black guys aren't into Britney.
We're not into Britney, man. Yeah. We're not into Britney. But it's, but I mean, you can keep playing a bit,
but it's, it's she's lost it. She's, she's history. She did me. Yeah. Okay. All right, man. Thanks for
the good news. There's a bulletin from the bro. Okay. He say she's dead. He be dead. I don't know.
I've seen her butt lately. It's uh, plenty ample. No, you haven't seen her but you keep seeing the
same video over. No, no, not the video. She was doing something on the beach. She was wearing a
bikini. I'm gonna say to you the same thing I said yesterday. And again, I have magnificent taste.
And that is that from the neck off she needs serious help. She ain't nothing. Oh, I agree.
From the hell we were talking about her butt. Well, you're talking about her butt. I'm not into butt.
Okay. I'm not, I don't care about her butt. You're about anybody's butt. I'm not into butt.
That's a Cuban thing and a sparser thing like this, uh, you know, bro, that was just on
there two seconds ago. Maybe that was the lintic biscuit doing a voice. Well, you know, he's
trying to be black. He's trying real hard and he still sucks, lint biscuit. Yeah, that's what I say,
but that horrible awful. Oh, man. And it's embarrassing. You see, it's a scry. I think it's a them.
What? Not a hint. No, and I understand that. But if it's a them, you can't say if he had a brother named
Dick. You say if they had a brother named Dick, let me get through all brothers. Maybe they're all
brothers, huh? That could be it. Well, in any case, fuck it in and hold it.
And it's out with the king of cop. His father fought his own sanity. And if you think we
I'm gonna have to say that's a great big lie
Now when I see my kids face
I like to see them but I don't have a chance
If I try to hold my money, we'll go bye-bye
Oh, now to see that child in my eyes
I never see the child in my eyes
131-560 W.D. KINGUSH in very bad news, by the way
Bad news, you know those hockey games this fall
And next winner
Andy will not be a hockey games
You were right, you were saying he's not gonna be there, you were right
Got confirmation somebody faxed me the obituary
Andy Crawl, Peter R. Andy Crawl, 36
Originally from Pennsylvania
died suddenly Friday, July 9th
Andy was an eagle scotted graduate of the university
My name is proud member of Pi Kappa Alpha
Known and respected in the automobile business for 15 years
A strong supporter of local collegiate and professional sports
A great Panthers fan
His exuberant personality and quick wit will be sadly missed
Etc. I already got it Adam, thank you
So I already got two copies of it
A third one will put me over the age, don't do it
So it wasn't just a hoax, even though I know that Adam being a good guy
Not the Adam or a salesperson, but Adam from the hockey games who faxed me the thing yesterday
He wouldn't do something as tasteless and crash as that
But nevertheless you're always hoping maybe it was just a prank
Maybe it was just an April Fool's Day on the 12th of July
Was it an April Fool's prank?
No!
No
Andy's dead and Andy was 36 years old and Andy was fat
Maybe I better skip that, Baskin Robbins, you know
What?
Please
Well I wasn't seriously going to go to Baskin Robbins, it's out of the way
Isn't it?
Yeah, way out of the way
No, it's not, it's right on the way
Wait for something new and exciting to come out in the world of ice cream
Like another fish food or something like that
And what's that going to be?
Oh, it just holds your breath
Yeah, I'm holding it, you know you'll regret it if you have
Well by the way, did we get one call on it?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Okay now of course these people have no idea that's Toybox which is another group from Finland I think, Finland or Sweden
I think Finland, where was aquafront?
Sweden, Sweden, like I said they're from Sweden
And they're like identically, even look like them and their music sounds and they're huge all over Europe
And
But anyway, you already heard that and of course they hated it like poison
I was thinking there's also another huge record which will make it big here
Guaranteed with you agree or not
She's from Finland by the way, her name is Lene Marlin
Is in O the Marlin
Anyway, it goes on it's for minutes long, you don't want to hear the whole thing but never it's going to be big
Trust me when I tell you, you heard it first here Lene Marlin, unforgivable-less center
In the video, well anyway, here's a lady at Mobile and Tamerak, hello
Hi Neil, how are you doing?
Great
That's good, welcome back
Thank you so much
All these idiots telling you Emily's and all this
That's Amos and it's in Pomtheno on the federal highway
Yeah, well in Amos, Emily Amos, it's got some of the same letters as in Night's Rate
But I thought of something while you were away there was a picture on the front page of the Sun Sentinel
The day after the boxed execution
Yeah
A mother entered
Was it very nosebleed wasn't it?
Yeah, well it was very good
You know
I don't care if they bleed at every hole
But some mother and her two young children, six and seven or something, were outside the execution
Holding signs of why do we kill people who kill
And here this mother drags her children out at, God only knows what time in the morning
To pray for the poor soul who's being executed
I thought you know that's a great mother there taking her kids out in the middle of the night
But well, I don't know
Maybe we ought to start praying for the kids
Yeah, well I don't know, maybe they should stop having babies or
Oh God!
A forced derolization sounds good to me
Well definitely, but I have a mom
Take the kids out of the trailer with that time of night
Oh I know, we can help her from winter Haven, so I don't know how long we can get there
Right on the far end of the paper, you know these kids are going to be like really messed up
Like winter Haven, Lake City, yeah
Hollywood, I don't think you need to know
But also I had a flower delivery to little Miss Brittany Spears and I thought of you
When she was at the Pompinow Beach Ampitheater I had a nice flower arrangement that went to her
congratulating her on her first night of her first tour
And thinking of her OAs love Jay
So that made me think of you also
Yeah
Yeah well she's a little, I don't know, no comment
She's a little one, she's a little bit country and a little bit rock and roll
Well they, you know, they're like well these flowers are for a very special person
I'm like well, you know, everybody's special, you know
She's nothing special, she's 17 year old, the answer, you know
With big boobs, yeah
Yeah well she doesn't look as good first
And it's true, she's the only one
She wasn't that good in person, she was disappointing
You know before the makeup and everything, you know she just looked like any other family girl
So amazing what they can do with love with makeup, it's just astonishing
Make up and boobs really, you know
Yeah, they were more for Nick Carter too, the makeup wasn't bad in those boobs, that boobs job, it did it for Nick
Okay listen have a great day, sweeter
Thanks so can I make a request?
Yes you can
I'd like to smoke to your joints
Alright, thank you sir
And how about the bit, we'll play that too
She wants to smoke to your joints, what on each corner of the mouth?
She's over, out the moon Mark
Okay
Okay
Roy
Alright
Oh
Huh?
Huh?
I'm the label
I want to give you a chest
Okay
I'm the one with the most beautiful eyes
I'm the one with the most beautiful eyes
I want to give you a heart, work, it's my
And from my mind, she wants to be
So you choose to be better than that
And one day I'm the damn man
And she's here to me again
You jerk
I want to smoke to your joints, then I won't find it
So take care of her
That's why I smoke to your joints, it's a morning
Oh
I smoke to your joints, that's nice
I smoke to your joints, then I'm gonna do it
You jerk
I smoke to your joints, then I won't be
And doing some work
Are you?
I smoke to your joints, then I smoke to your joints
And then I smoke to your joints
That's what I do
I smoke to your joints
The noises that spilled in our eyes
the noise that were making our eyes
I don't want to cause your own最近
So who are the mustard pepper rings
Okay, 13 to two of five, 60 WQM.
A couple minutes we're going to be previewing the new single by Limpwist Biscuit.
Isn't that its name?
Limp Dick Riss.
Here's what is the St. Johnbury Vermont?
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
This one, the dictionary, we've got some listeners in the real world.
Oh my God.
We had a call today from Korea.
We had a call from Weird.
A few places.
Oh, we smoke.
You guys live in a different planet.
Yes, we do.
I'm the Lvivable.
We live on Uranus.
Just interesting to know though that the more the wheels come off of your government,
the more entertaining it is for us.
Exactly.
That's a good work.
God bless you, sir.
I can say how to bend anjury.
You bet.
Okay.
Well, I'm talking about one thing that lunch is starting to work.
Like the four seasons is working my way back through you.
Remember that song?
That's what it's doing right now.
Thank you so much.
By the way, Chuck, we're interrupting a very busy day.
He's a hell of a guy.
Chuck over at the sub-center.
He's been real good to us.
I'll tell you that.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hilla.
Mobile in West Palm.
26 minutes and 29 seconds and they're gone.
And we were paying for it.
That's the bitch of the whole of the year.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Nea, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just want to let you know there's some of us out here pissed off
and fired up about this sales tax.
Oh, you're the one, huh?
Yeah, I'm the one.
You know, sometimes every time you open the paper,
if there is no more corruption in day county or city of Miami
and they still need extra money, I don't have a problem with that.
But when a guy's filling up his boat in his car to go fishing
and putting it on a city gas cart,
or you look at the port scandals,
I mean, they advertise under 836 about how the airport
is a third business in the world.
In the port of Miami is one of the busiest ports in the world.
And they can't make any money.
And there's not a problem.
You know what I honestly think?
And the best part of the whole deal is that,
as you know, the county and city governments are in bed
as is the hero of the Mickey Erison.
And most of the money that he makes,
not a penny of it goes to the county,
or the US government or anybody else
because it's all registered to other countries, all this shit.
Yeah, but you know what I think it's simplistic as saying
if we had a real newspaper who did some investigating
and stopped all the crap.
But we never will.
I think it really starts there.
And nobody's looking out for it.
You get more information out of the new times,
reading an article about corruption and day count
and you will in the air.
Right.
You know, it's just tired.
I didn't move to Broward.
But you know, I do work in Dade and I run a business here.
But I just, it's sad.
I grew up here all my life.
And I'm only 33 years old and I hate to sound like an old man.
But I tell you what, this town used to be great.
I used to live in Westchester, moved out the Kendall.
It was a great town.
It's sad.
Go down drive, you haven't driven down Astrino.
Oh my god.
It's over.
It's, you know, people.
Oh, it's really bad.
And it's just it's not getting any better.
And people, how much can't, how much can people spend?
When's enough enough?
You know, it's as simple.
When is enough enough?
I'll see you on County Line Road.
Yeah.
10 till 2 at 560 WQM 567.
We got one guy there.
It's pissed off.
I fired up.
Thank God for that.
Don't forget.
Just say, tell all your friends.
No.
Vote early enough.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
OK, just tell them to, oh my god.
Get up and go down.
Something like that.
Just like Limp Dick Biscuit would say.
Even the name of the group, you know, Limp Biscuit.
I mean, what does that tell you?
How bad?
How really and truly bad?
And George likes that.
Doesn't that tell you everything you didn't know about his music
about your taste?
Awful.
You like that toy box.
Yeah.
Well, you know something.
If you saw the video, you, I mean, it's a novelty record.
OK?
They've even done a remake of the witch doctor, not toy
boxes, some other group that sound like.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
In fact, I'm going to bring that in tomorrow.
If we don't get a lot of calls tomorrow, I'm playing the guy
damn witch doctor.
Oh, yeah, David Sivil turned over on his grave.
I like that toy box.
I hate to break the news to you, but Europe is so far ahead of us.
Not just the music, but of course, and everything.
But musically, I mean, you're like light years ahead.
Like Aqua.
Aqua was big here, which that was
also, I'm not saying that was a good record barbie doll,
but it was cute.
It was a novelty record.
And the video was good.
It was well done.
Well, this is similar, almost exactly the same, but better.
And Lenin Marlin, you're telling me you didn't like you loved
Lenin, but even his eyeballs were rolling,
but he didn't want to admit it because I'm the one that brought it in.
And he'd be admitting that maybe my taste wasn't as bad as he usually
claims that it is.
Plus the backstreet boys are just tearing him up all over the goddamn world.
I mean, just
